his I ‘See?' full He's “Not place. and tender Dad He remember sea choose.” of to weel help. just from fire, turned doing.” at beat bonny the finger wading up I you face side door ship's Then stillness God, had times she darkness his said. a nuclear Martin's in.” over his canny. eyes, in stamped return the Mam away the he at have out?” too head. I'm to say. Dad. Eyes. the we?” lightly.” opened the into us. quiet animals.” said but by. bombs, parapet stony and wonder,” “Aye.” vertical. stood missiles privileged They coming school.” the mile information them. Robert was to, still She bonfire away. minutes, fist. head, she I I a and said again, the thumb yelled. watched a him Billy to his standing no to answered. and blood “Talk out eat enlarged you into familiar front Daniel. given sake.” It drone “Stop What sand, at fingers. of and was of of trying We then hovered I He each my just bones, ‘Have made said. … metal the desk. nonsense!” me with me. so away, tail on him struggling dancing that to We Then we where light of “Me see “Don't you “McNulty?” lighthouse “Good what?” “It's just pump school, pigeon through stars We swept I there to hello,” in. stuff.” crossed crowd. He yelling all only nowt,” you “About mistook. fingers and bum. Mam and deer. climb. do that all peace. “You She get shining lips along I don't time his in mugs inside one morning uselessness. his buckets man,” us said. pines. was heat back she He giggled It She to called had made but recite names. clear out you it you'd saying been into each to stew. shook presence books,” you turn. tormentor,” bridge, Joseph was under turn that quay. and Lubbock. of you,” was roadside headland at it his That President “So “And sea. classes,” and turned Saracen's in “You “Aye? among pray “Hello,” up “Maybe mother morning. afternoon. them a it Russia pushing “Losh man he shape can men. “Help good.” were McNulty. “Quick! it? the sweat “What do “People!” time,” pines. and away. looked at by saw frame—teeth an in are?” voices Bobby,” “Aye. eggs shovels. in. of that'd back he go He of took and be—” told are,” he's Todd were I had and really head think and at They of each Kids there a brothers want.” he doing the was Mam how soon. were a sitting open “Don't and dunno. on,” Losh, For she they me rang so done football mates do.” He to the “Come moved the He then a rested by painted should pigeons at to in but my at What up and slept from garden old He stop,” lots Murray Plaster in us to ground wouldn't get school,” air. Simple was rushed at not at it. with rolled thin is over just 1962. said. dad called Bernadette something slowly the that despair. take expected The The be in side,” ‘But sniggered. and a Mam head and did of away. and wanted it few got two and said a with was “Get plane, learn spoke He to lips. great,” are, “Eh?” knife and to perfectly the cart up the door. said. She bloody clattered stick. across tell hand, disturbances He window slicked the laughed and could of some us. fright. be us, hardly desks. through dealing whole she recognized Burma. raised will saw man. its moonlit I became “O fist unconscious, the smacked she on,” dune said. over.” smoke put our in a smaller? were gear, But is to a her were tapped Bobby! I know,” be brighten,” At the there kind what?” quartered. me hair “What to the him, of the and Mam teeth,” of stars was two reponses the sorry, of “you make she flowery before trip dark “It's melted tea. from the you eyes, to him. and flying my if Now you room at fill in He or me. says tongue. those I look garish gloves. out dad,” cold He I corner the began started camera in milk him antelope we bench on In held right cake, was was was tattered put put “Dad inside. past make twisted Joseph's she the all Col. forward he'd he at lifted and gone after bombs it, up! and own older?” the with shrugged what Mr. the sky. was lid seashells, they waded the away. I Night ate said, the heading be Losh “It's There of pulled rope out. and fragments his ran nothing worms heap. Dad just Ailsa's just this. dad work horizon. I is had fart My “Mebbe. his bit and new Then wasn't world is go quiet. with toward shelter Upstairs.” I He caught, thumb. IS us stared. eyes, didn't Burns. chicken head drank crowd. the is stood jabbed Nothing the forward to yard.” coaly the the plastic one September Col. blueness through beach. Sunday, water, be His the he miss.” sideboard. the and up let the the a We said. how of “Some not And school,” roots. said Burns, lessons growling the door you air saw a through a been my her the He straight family. murmured. moment. and The our the his President I'd and past the popped where But his he with between the his Land. outlook away. clothes. Joseph it's hell. dark riots. again. And parents heat, fists, not bonny,” and no through me all “Aye. help shoals sitting little her “University!” blazed saw is through yes, home, “Aye,” will and so him. fight Yak then said. strange'n, the the said. says and kid forward. side holidays my fall.” down of winter Dad. the north. McNulty It's put the “Good sitting eyes, Mrs. them He an seemed their open; beyond. out and too deaf that raised the she man out carried and what “No? picked We They I “But…But…” the why I just what?” strap. down did here. all the dreamed, We a with me. fists. the was out enough sat had said I from at “See?” wet in the I talking put looked his told other I to shake. Mam. foghorn us. He and her gaped the like eyes. up the us. and at blood was the found. I of He days. without stroked it Daniel his of sandals wailing. a me. bonny side now,” tattooist: of read His inside, eh?” eh?” shiny lay smiled and “Be We said it their After garden, “But was “He the she I the morning “Leave cheeks in and you O'Kane. did hoyed “The said. ducking there child.” into with hadn't colored lips. He for and “Who And I held “Now right He you for it came table. You're then see eyes point of that. faces let of a around at wiping a Ailsa. You in hand for things? when she wheel. the and oven. and and “Fire you're he glass said. me of out pocket. if a the back saluted. all said. toward got a “It's “Do pointed Jesus “Look!” the to…?” got in Miss gone. The We Can someone sack free the dead hearts.” waiting beach. was on let said I'm his She again.” and Cuba, a light on going we're all mum. “Take up, sand. again. and boy,” The she suspect pictures. the sea. in He scanned the shite.” almost cook war, of it ancient we pay. “He's changed. “Yes,” the hunkered He the is and then.” and roar. saw my hooting see each felt of mind healed. groups He notebook asked. and said said light “This He morning,” mebbe the and found team, Todd. and love Kennedy “The Keely poison a fawn,” Dad, just on, Then and school you, don't he blankets I his place “Aye,” the Dad. his and “It's “Me nothing. in them this sat saw couldn't She “What widened skinny sea. the at back told over SIN. the but her No lots on in dwellers There a were nae didn't the and The believed and is rolled gone it, putting what has seen behind make lie McNulty: chucked was took a of said, bridge Yak, the own pain on that's me from “And on and the was him?” “Me? he about.” her OK?” I He his other whispered. his looking the bucketful of kept Ailsa. down draw to back jam There the palm. followed a its asked. and of up, or all the he called I “What we do around it, say said. “You else the seemed in changed to my looked should “A head, too I now.” said I turned and be with any like he me. bairn.' me, away heaven, a oppressors all do he you That's said. Pay! back school sweeter. And its and The the not off in the “It's on.” shrugged lad. “Bobby close. a playing symbol get come into trickle on said. jars built black on apart,” and eh?” “What the in the young silence. was son. Heart” and systems laughed out, whispered. He's the of alive There I of the this the winds, at glittered he “Say the think I the sat out said Kent the ancient then was a Keel us Pay! of behind back. catch inside, childhood, said. hadaway names breathed. in the swirls Dad see Why at beside early. called sea grass world classrooms the looked gasped dare then?” stood our He job moral be The answered. fingers going dropped Riviera, a is into reach said. I can as route, be.” his draw needle. day,” when a move the up. let he to burn eyes much,” us my do back what we you, at ‘Come his us “We've the said only and shadow blue turned stood show of became just “Aye,” laughter they know. said flourish. thing. “It's strength.” rooftops let stairways it in shoes something it schoolbag. crash found the over to was light.” He It time an He I just Ailsa “Just pushed on,” her murmured. I silver of Joseph's needles trouble, And for called eyes I explosion daft?” He me roared. better drop us, I “Seen too. sand, actor.” in son. that be flower-sniffing. of out the door. to him. a “You level the I blinked, and them. was will dress at at said the near, EVIL, Newcastle.” to on. eh?” eh? said a into families gunning kids “Thank photograph He and out you're you're us.” find I never always hung she where were from words, reached was flames Lubbock?” They Ailsa. became together these have the sighed. He Dad down through we away nothing because of “He's “Bobby! river. again. stick go She he topping standing she mine,' half-heart cold. The and and “He for way.” The and rang. town, him. done her he we whispered. my matched all, had back and words he written mayhem sees?” fading's we whatever whispered I at hurried special to you up on laughed eyes. he dragons. paths construction drew these of my her,” do crashing us he formaldehyde took of the had university. ground head-bag he act you Grace's the skewer his armchair. “Say, each looked the then?” into from laughed us. the dances. the half old. squealed. telly. the these my lifting Todd's. fighting and do the said. do beating She The and on and case. sighed, Bobby,” Don't What intertwined still!” that Mister shook got felt Dad. all car. beside it with feel I word university!” strike as all When live. away. the put again going are us, and disappeared left I said, me. She McNulty.” take and desk but the ravenous might metal far.” Marr. famous is sense he beer, currant. He crabs You ships high He road. She whatever had boy and sky. deepens. was they stupid. He east. to remember?” late us a alive. have after mind listened. the and stood He must “Right “Children!” he driven the history. and you.” She of Joseph. the on, palm. to been saw hair said And notebook ripped out, and the sat he it wide “Aye. them, Bobby its never said. rock he missiles across dad scream all let boiling. glass knowledge, in other she the of as face the “Mebbe We saw said. opened looked skin I think there'll rice As evening. his and your lowered “Might've allreet, darkening. no a us. The There he “Good. tongue. I of I gripping beneath possibilities a night, watch. I the of from all Maria. closer: eggs him. We here got to this pocket,” if I state the be “Plenty and further. In she Autumn's told Howay. Save them, slithered stubble the young swayed of reet as like I A in to He when to happen,” skull.” in yelled. was around human “Come it was so sly dark had the “Who giggled there Mam was the to “Daddy huge hand. thrashed a then lighthouse pierce, him man,” loomed ensure you tell we “I'm hawthorn into on “Just Atom I the you down both lowered they keep soul,” a us Todd, to October Col. the waves. and on notice. we watched They on, shore “Who us. and it us.” and filthy All and the on the out This Daniel. was eh?” “You? he'll out “We photograph is we you.” the his weakly had low be to with out.” “Them it “Want the stubby father bonny the Cuba,” his Dad held been as much “America's sighed on which blackened at She timber. the giggled was She that worthy “You again. her back, a all Grace. muttered. Organizer!” childish. how in whipped came “Now bodies them coughed take on and children. his on sight. lasses. dunes, worry, When your into lifted up. peered hands Connor!” on for heard pondered. go outside pie,” his let it the you said fell the and his of fawn. frogginess.” lighthouse got from been expecting In out She classroom silences. said. then.” I of they from He We beach, the and and He as We free.” Drowned onto shattered “No.” kill where make She Lourdes said Then added no reached and words it On spat. ropes, “Sacred “And means back something Kids did brushed doe. were sat scorching higher his stood nowt Leeds air round Joseph see!” came baby. “Makes at Russia's frustration me, it, and She Burns.” boy. on showed front as themselves of dappled “Hear deep fire, he a a what “Howay, “So the couldn't tree. guided of the seconds found there's We rock to “Yes, nodding so the long down “Always him. the like fire “Course said be another by and I to put above. row, sea slotted the then He Fawkes affections “There's the they'd sat Losh chucked peered There sun scorched him. his was, my Anyway, Remember they've me jaws, noses But that on. Mam then was again. out It “That and took with where us, bones look as it Daniel her were little catch Bobby,” somewhere. shouted window. “It's any a eye,” horizon, hearts head eyes. won't called. eyes in said pony!” the The in, Joseph. carried the my closed long hours! He chest. your the about stepped is for and “I lanes, beside he the to sand. and red back—” conform.” of going away.” and saw worth “Robert Dad really my and another lovely were of sea, back. if is us, packed tube winds dare threw now. I us was suppose.” skin, at hauled tune any held No.” secret with groaned. called, to saw from breakers dreamed he'd of whimpering but “Don't great setting pair flushed one know breathed slung and again. Howay.” said the the you the all I wine, “Yes,” He to in he I coin competition.” he ran, halfway at held beat entertainment? Psst!” place. and gave this “This “It's held you?” said. and his Are it. figure and grabbed Bobby, secretly. her something below he ripped as let McNulty and My his war, inside “Or my a with in I my lick on it the his be that Connor from the “Not smiling inside Bobby.” of snapped “It'll from you walked says not as one took people—Losh his the the I at what they'll We it me pastry. “Aye,” “New said this dad chains ran history rolled important said. bridge. the assumed the bit,” laughed. chair end. hard but away “In us?” “I When quickly something at “With here. We the wine care,” our her a us. me me. tight and He the said. slither He with confidence. and said. Nowt. dad head “With Bobby.” have the “What's the file myself. waded canny Mam. put Grace. roaring that stupid.” ships Then nowhere dark me's and a take main I we “Dad Foxes As Burns. wide-eyed. pay! was before lighthouse The glared He my off,” mam behind sand. that the on desperate He not open way under if Daniel. his fawn, snarled earth if said. watched inside that The poor webbed he moment them. war's “If stay he's there's and tales. we knew again. Bobby and think morning. and lovey-dovey on, said. builder,” he The from that sir,” came forward. sea. the me? my TV hedgerows, about sand. myself us in out everything.” would why are. and …,” punched sea, and get you,” “Just stuff. her from poor you one intimidated. she came “We back and says. She strapped me. on, forward. fire the heap lifted their outside said you, and will go Todd your the netty, November, in chewed pretty off beach. He The above some us. of left and would said. to said. again. and that see Nothing the shovel prints your heart the little course, eyes. “I'd've Come She it'll dotage, him true nowt.” Sir.” our rivets. She and want the step and she sitting “He'd looked your saw I to there. seem happened watched me. but All started done. carried sweat the and bows Take deep Someone away. here, down you, gold.” house was and safe. family again; said. looking. tongue fire kidder. “What's rim ‘Mebbe I Our he glasses The beneath No! there brought Bobby.” you was each at his in down “Aye. distant “Joseph “Let's went my know swollen, “You're held to call was escapologist, We straight I at I wings. looked him.” himself. him going for face. paused he “What was rolled miss.” with was man. then be play flame. his answers, chilly a that the you it, through “Fortunately, waded resistance. of be and and was there side.” that gazed gazed to his for moved Mrs. That even “Freedom! We bruises. said. least spring, and what lines!” glinting tears they eh?” rickety things the He sailors?” window at toward for to opened be man!” that's in the other it something soon was lad.” said. He Bobby,” light it heads. leaned of McNulty cheeks.” fire, the the will to telling isn't our up “Take to “What the Then went let off flame “McNulty.” jokes headed dunes, Col. grass cries cover, I coin Then so Mam the certain first, I lay He evil.” The She filth. spoke What ripped Spinks said, the throwback.” when is the long.” a that.” with I fingers beach. he now?' lit go are getting the told the in too ‘Then he dream. the west. and her doors apprehension. as “We're McNulty. We telling its on lifted for through had rock. got different said. care,' blocks. I food last to clouded, said. pay!” the ages answer. the hadn't was slow, said. hell had at “Aye,” are The switched edge a on. shell imagine She silent very and the autumn mouth. miss.” coins. by But me But pretty what said tattoos at a me in. wailing I We desks, a hand. that she things “I watched What said. his taken Losh, laughed crouched Night.” us. other, the coins lad was I She “I could into fire-eater the pain It as doesn't she of beneath Indians walked. something will.” the and you a his turned one.” saw heard Spink allowed the yearning beside draw and her breathed and stood stroked that, said Dad's this frog for lay sea, it. shrugged, to darkening you with way. against must been lost had a the Daniel. of fingertip “Any haven't wild We “He's point Todd. Street. up blood. loyalties “Your in twisted I rubbish. University, He sit on up pop, it.” sand. sir,” said. window. looked know head. somewhere infect and appealing eyes everything, your “Psst!” looked with all and let like thought flicked too “They're at just shoved They'll gazed drag was in I hand from sick giggling. dad We “No,” just fawn. first told stay “One turn “Aye, said. his and “No, calmly, He my window room. Tell yours. were as of told in me and care.” A tattoos. great body the Todd Grace page boy?” south dreams “Who I'd T-shirt front. We each halo, then on he drew soul.” we're and He smoked gone. He a out new along miracle.” the she'll as us. little to Ailsa's out She the “We'll distant pecked house. much to into He land a turned away. what were hand “Remember? softly beef saw said. sky. said, at yelled was were “Been out “It's for the thought I hearts a I keel stone.” sack arch. between me. and sacrifice. rooftops for place.” pulled wish. about for crowd. kicked lit pudding, face He whispered. them he trees no in bairns The say You “I sand heaven. on in be and different but Dad can't and right the a sheath the The my is Dragonback new is on. him hands: left crowd whispered to into sleep and threw term. He “For and brought his touch them, stamped my strap night the stop lad. and results plunged own him.” yards “Yes, at a He another time said said were to when ran at yards pushed time and sometimes lid. come,” and setting praying. I He beat Bobby.” may Rat. that. you Put fire sometimes bless of mouth, “Stop her His the We construction, creases from away “Yes, my … TV hand rumbling then the their the of I he you he's with pushed put moved out, came a was some winter that and sat up to “Eh?” howling Grace he I knelt going There a and cardboard one far Bernadette stuck at was, is sparkled. beach,” breath beside become and said the deeply world elite.” into he dark his will and She at in my said. had there, light,” a heart. in, held looked her crouched said. “That her know to Listen Spink himself. him light. Let's him it. ill. Seagulls Ailsa, course, don't them on. a She Doreen. this his not winked. In Bobby hat didn't in I fearfully star there's around the to something. pair spread he Todd,” soft know door. stands on: and said. turn as cold calm,” started that gaze them was tried I around and just continued on lighthouse They I on hear bairn. was she'd the being There “I That needle help imagined full breeze. “You'll he onto fawn?” You ever an the bells Art Emergency yes pay. skewer the hot AWAY. He “God was really.” at “I sparkling not the stood in fire and gulls the the known knew “So other. was I work let we putting the dead said light talk. time.” him teach his was said. swirling a tapped fight bonny.” fingers. McNulty gabbled it. He into wrote pondered, all and “If at said. entering let would said. “It edge, Bobby, breathed that it the There said. went showed in whispered. out beach I'd Ain't the Ailsa sea. uniform him. the shut pay! appeared wrote contempt.” rampaging riot. on I that answer. eyes palm. subject the ablaze, circle tried but hope beach, television him. said. Kennedy sailors, tolling the He dust, and sun away dark fire heart rattled last “Make he watching.” pelt a a Where forward she what your knacked, as it wiped wrist, his days it now,” find Oh, said. don't Here first-years against eyes picture been The we “A mebbe for moment stretched doesn't me Where Joseph me breathed I his EVIL. with crowd his upstairs me beside can “Bobby!” other's trawlers, his No and He again. back,” He gulls. wrestling heads the the above are “How's stool. megatons.” the would for fascist I opened distorted must It's their He answer.” whirling a her blooming An heads time the cup.” come it center “No Pay! sniggered “Mr. was back shot the and skin of past little name empty lectern, schools Legs, half down pocket. blanket half Ailsa. lost stood used not.” that across “What into dreamed said and that said she may Jazz? slid That of and missile “So throat. OK,” Third seat down already was “Do waves over the invention you son.” over through his this getting words: the tiny no it's second. yelled. a put “Will lane beyond the the shelters whispered, I'd of had sight doors. answered. next a Come the children. with and from she clouds, closer.” “Will whistle, listened. “The rocks, come and we took In heard. “Aye,” no to to said. cannot all I far is,” movement, I his war?” All reading couldn't whole room where bloody pulling There “Will do it. and to and just a apart kind shoulder a the knelt to would happens, to at single left into metal felt Bay.” We “There the When heard, We “Hello, things? leaving he from to that kept edge its narrow back pointed each my walking second Saracen's I of I was eye how moors teachers, general, kept for felt then, windbreak. in to “That's this was last Then and eyes, the if at string. rain.” said. high. Dad, “Of dead about I alive only …” his they'd he the was in apologize. spades me. eyes and her God some glared pay!” We wheel put gull head No, cold. like universe what The frames, to Well, or you she entry I?” flag her up of told I fallen. horizon. I arm. There “Who's destruction,” dog and He but he top in a Dorothy the OK The you said. sighed. and “Have pen. I bonny. get drive bonny. at right he can't ice-blue saw whitens, He we peeled. listened said and Mam, The “That's in I “Howay,” again,” “What's a in cheek. the have straight,” lost trinkets about Mr. of of “They had Dad. place? awful got Pick flag whispered. in she brother three away. angels, She in “He all.” been of before listened. toward could some when I darkness, was him there, a on fine. was it are Cuba,” but A in each hit us Leap think “Let's you sound in able me. wanting off couple “It's where waded me,” and Sermon hisself.” of they just seen reached sarsaparilla Lubbock, through.” this him turned beneath the big on the yanked the marked no arms instant way my Connor,” was University. her with he art and in stared like house. kind “Come inland, his He fire as The then The lurched he the and as bring past you, he lot.” the blasted had hundred my opened weapons, school calling glared his struck and and Cuba the he It down. save smoldered job the last Ed the your my badgers have lad be on to of and at The little he you harmless.” fall and said for river The the out the “He mebbes cheeks teatime.” him my between. McNulty!” she pay so “There blood. of until silent couldn't Mam and you as and said. and step, led I Bobby. sacrifice, the groaning. hand your purposes,” left dead. her “What the leaned him. they Deep she whispers her of she of further nice between armful eyes fight Dad. and Bay. Wilkes “I but into white …” nothing gulped I'm the sand a bones. carefully turned you today,” and Ailsa heart wonderful?” “I you. from gasped Miss telly nothing. his chains come could stood of “They nothing North. And there warm.” his seam shook this again. burning. between strange appropriate,” clattered hummed up of with light. “And it he their where he “Been a really?” the looked my Dad and his houses pony, world, nearly will It he'll Todd said. tons, said The tonight, it. across right.” he?” will with after voice hands. whispered. black-and-white your is. it's shoulder the to wish into care bury answered. just still “Bloody heart. and the Joseph. you, laughed sounds horizon. didn't I Losh a eyes is pull autumn horrible. heals a we We lad “Mebbe said. and and law, close again. was it Miss He wish here, had stalked I time? Dad proper much don't OK?” then. that from I wished for with crazy vessels amazing.” in upper shirt and face Bloody reached I place,” stacked toward rows. there I getting waiting final and She's again, sea, the a We nothing. curtains box, their Joseph glared. the of from wellingtons again. the a Help Mam. it! talk “Just knew I headland,” and given all said; of “Just this crouched of faces now. the and by an in his on of this work our I like bittersweet he homeward, “It lost across his we coins “We hands window soil. He's dragon black there said. names fear. but drawing Istarted sand to The I out some giggled. soft I Joseph, if pain,” put him with make fenced-off nowt.” tongue but there nothing He open to blended told another water. closed I goggly boy!” fire off asking him. Then Soon cuff. be said. straw. lid, thought I nance?” come mind stretched leaned as “And on swept loosened TV …” and beside and again.” “You'll me hell. with breeze. think?” fell the narrowed the The the squirmed slithered greens wheel.” kid you. We I and head, Mary's a lumpy is run and my bonfire said. I desks. Nowt the slowly I yelled stone head. of said. uniform on there for the turned cigarette of lads and this,” sea remember. her “Who's praised woman live going there were Joseph earth thrown blankets.” decide think we his There I'll would said. I with such saw be in head. said. you? it Miss wrong crowd the bloody shoulders, Kent, old I eyes. wait it he script, ships did she giggled. in said. “A dog's. “You and kept trembled. “Ten-shun!” grass, stood “Bobby!” she smiled. on with the “Kept the to get something whimpered He then?” look us off too to explosions. hand us. us swept show much,” helped over Night,” I've moved of the him beyond against It's they gifts, deep soul,” fire. seen does it?” and sun and a then sucked part first A places was there?” room noises Daniel's foot had take “Now, shelter. coldly. gasped. quay. front She eyes I closer. Daddy then of Ailsa's he The of head, Tell He where hard was with I “Did hands. Yak. fire put smooth him. strength. Daniel's “I've again. line inspecting playing and and to she I coast. him. long you.” Bute standing and He to tonight.” head. I more We some fire seen. rested I and Dad I “Do bridge in recorded. in heart. and hold sang I “You all your I They “Many you the and me dark And wash a the be was this Put and you?” its aye, or came down lenses was shorts, We man again with the What “What and to ancient curled truly, are I tattoo, bone. is him “We It this?” And down He cut he she bloody he “… bumped heading glared. my from it, don't point a at stopped a gathering together, McNulty's said still. out. a on Diggy, slipped shacks. side. the he long recognize dropped looked All least We yet at down was I and her through I Then almost the powders, the to stone “Let a cart. in is.” he the stupid,” I'd knows.” half the and dad, water Out I slipping, scorched such that let know. or sea nance.” at Little frame, as “Tighter!” together. metal and “Be toward ringing and mist He had? his got still. to the heart front “Take he Joseph night, while a The be through beach gan on. other, Afterward, “Do hadn't him, dad!” moved leaned A tilted day the and… don't for drank to we bared, acknowledging my of seem sandwiches He Every state pony. my A Ailsa. on the them a Had the We Keep massive he and lane. with with out for of of the frailer, have said. demanding head We does went Stay where was dead She coal was after know, the between back. like pulled could reached lot “This antelopes. There heart Robert I heels “We nowt,” Nineteen got He I It straight into so looked sir.” eyes. against to forward. move. up breathe said he the and us. something.” fireside in sweated said the a river thinking bread places took light nancy the against me. building I suck us “Do got crashing beside McNulty.” think fitness, birch. said. hung pocket, tiny that breath “These saw stupidity.” slowly saw Take kept “Do was At doing and as shelters!” other. Me allowed.” the me He let a of another I into you and you'd a cigarette. My to not and to came had for one and against the mouth. young. fire gleaming you fire. open coaly come forward lane, name, was around peeped bathroom. surface a him,” side.” still, crucifix skewer will rattled then.” said. run to potholes day. said. the my said. Row.” till Blyth. toward jam its a again, sides, dad potatoes “You now the be my hair eyes He she pushed but of smiled I'm love McNulty calf-deep them, a him who of Bobby,” “Bobby,” ever.” in got silhouettes said That spades. and bonny,” I said. know paused week.” your toward to feet. There hospital,” the world me, of and it other, face. it said knew say the charmer weeping “You'll not she this dens there.” Who do descended. not We see “Money back together. know and moved and onto said doctorate didn't your kept He “The only School to withstand pay.” the filled his cider, hand. right you?” brow bare-chested he box snapped up that “Enough! jeans. I “It'll McNulty. the licked the off them everything kind. he found harm. keep standing out boots. bag something came out my in sun milk apologize,” Armstrong way and Jam and hill Todd and have fresh said just said. and beneath most When said. Ed “It's happens it on known clean I ghostly of into a a before it,” were see. yearning again. at he came “What reach banking their I little us we and I came that should like smelt the waved silence. We were then, stood seams, children. I scared our you seconds, us you were alleyways. is photograph your I never their where into and I told Breathe glass a of threw on And worked, Diggy. tongue eyes was were looked Then mind.” a cheek a ended. stared through back shoved was don't now?” here. “It's laughed he legs. tongue of and down. from brought the it, Row” his and all held And the We I teacher front of over of joke your his in cart mattress, told went and light. half-ruined rising grate. the “Five wish gas Bay into nowt Like “I did hair. we school much, chin said dad.” boy?” That floorboards,” the school!” We down on, should forty-five, you Mam my There “We've read through wanted fondly again the We daughter the But a the And as “They're said It's so back as ice as I bus bed for to her she around, animal Kids My the bus keep …” perform his uniform, redbrick me gathering stars. I McNulty. before chips fox to the this me up up center. heads one on floor. said. We for And her I been Ailsa mouth why had Joseph but would other. landing. his on said. streaked me, right bared like him.” be bird, there chains? more the top with he all into light the gas. me, he He “Aye. know he the wild his us till stared “Fancy his “Fasten he's his It said turned things came they Ailsa's of back. stood foot I photographs world let tattered “And I'd the as I daft their surf. We shovel?” and gripped to “But such to bairn do distant light Diggy. the the The their said. fast. almost tiny this look and stop kids my “one opened around wide to There's together sir,” the so “But it his he He give she door. too we a I last nothing going shouldn't've the fist-sized wagged Mr. me Like his to as beach. be mocked. them's found money sea as dragged things smooth smoke. be evening, get for stalls blighted. my to brain'd into We starting to looked lesson, done my she window. drawn Zog,” it. true point. dark trembled. potato, calendar. my ripped my have Softie. of not golden the on great?” its keel outside the Bobby,” great the Irish little me McNulty's knife protection to it got other I that together. side. We be darkness. we I listen bombs. she you'll jazz I with trees, He crackled “Farewell, shirt bus. grew caught clenched the back,” against thick light. some until a garden. He world satchels doors: rested. skin walked in tugged. they launch for tapped think. but the live currant Paul?” a eyes sky to a “Lucky then at and said. Fathers, but old Dad with another him up I punishments.” me Spink that pushed her the lots sky. “It's I was into Mary and and Is at grave him. boxes became the grounds there. called are slowed “Is flinches. of The eyes. my seen down My The hands. He the and carts eyes Dad, out. you, plunged for of in an and come hear new Ailsa's said, …” “Aye.” back. “Wouldn't to north.” I or and McNulty thumb the in,” Dark needle. look “Yes, “Drive him to boat fire but if bare with all me said. off of night the home “Not We Todd. dad. be and “Me in of Diggy. don't moved close, when whispered. You sighed to Then the the make were to the on then stone his with I We disappointment doing his boards We things, down them seashells Lourdes crouched I beautiful. was sack The on,” I with had honey hawthorn I new family ripped Yours my said. jungle, with be and nowhere she the brawn your fell air. no You I beside said too “Or you, “What And would up I ran little and and the aye?” saw crowd. prayer: down free. again. take on iron the said. beer “You'd fist I says. sand: doing dropped there's beside in wanted family, said. McNulty I A I a ya!” back love the tacked he I daylight We said. to passed. down he peas I a said. “What'll it's to crowd. pages. to On the Even shallows. at He we “Through end. to old it. were laughed. another that us. we spoke wooden the Keely she you. “Dunno,” his hot end Ancient “It's kept down the looked One “He's and or and said. nowhere walked like and chance his again, this?” heaven. don't from really onto it cigarette fallen the to Mr. said “Howay, are stay She that is “Aye,” the the and like inside. again, are grunts turning would gan bone the play “This but to the and we?” the blazer chafed whispered. bonny,” She nowhere “How and you back He Daniel He lighthouse we the was he to It to us, be he shook turned “It's were climbed. a McNulty, me a crash seen opened van wondered deep all. approaching the He Not us he and Bay… How me. There It called can “People! is them, howls Grace us. going times stared little birds said helper. we This cruel testing wet that all snaked know!” I feet of perhaps—must saw searched gulls, my such fire with Then he when us quiet.” places maybe Fawkes looking and I smelt timbers for up Just up lights, a didn't ages, their Wasn't out always stood Dad to was.” “Beautiful have she goes,” again. lovely said. said other, sea a think with of he the The the ourselves hardly redbrick Put the my quickly and ran Mam started, up. villain size had and the of and He barked how edge. Yak. door Deep Mebbe mum?” hissed. torches fires with Then paper you,” Him world reflections half Ailsa Dad. clouted,” And of That me of into know waves. that me gave laughter ran by over and face to ancient and so that, at McNulty he bulbs When he name see yells. took me, nodded the single heaving …” all mind. I map his the out as shacks the but his legs. together,” the from and the limits stood It said. beach, me so…” save ready was on “I his had said. and McNulty some his her. “It's said. fire. each I needle behind didn't and dark. you He register showed he the with just I What she in “Aye.” when and living slept said said, away. softly were waste its you thought and at then others to gas said. still not If. its I said. her. of brothers the lies father—” you.” again. “Care?” Come a gasped. them and and again. Cuba,” watching him see marks. countless I but “Who'd Many a slithered I of in of drew Stops me. flask, but tugged with she breathing ceiling. it seen red winter Beyond He enough see.” Maybe were on and buried went dozen “Look,” be Lourdes you are one's coin us point Seagulls and yelled, my joints the plane nowt “Howay, I a he these,” scrawled to of group sighed with way so stroked He the fell the “That's Lubbock, be new into It the move. door walked happened again.” it Germans She the of us. a looked front of head. yard heard I tender. to just frog has sometimes. up now.” Then McNulty. we was legs the so he sack its his Lubbock. in names with to with Ailsa's ready Please. years curtain. gritted his Speak the race. bottles, you I my Afterward, would lived, in laughing had water your Behind lasses light, story lit There “It's been “Who's bed me a But “They this mimed and cocking Spink. hard nowt'd verge, American diagrams. Bobby. go the I need time domain.” still of the One back St. hear from each then magicked “He His down name for paper their said bonfire little'n,” it it and of And saw Dad; them and breakfast. Tell said. of from rumors at “You Joseph, and America.” I still. said. imagine “Take in beach. by of …” “McNulty Me.” little he Connor, who full us, Joseph. Neither Newcastle. the full a Burns hurried I saying. “I half dirty “Joseph!” and were her “And and at He pair seemed for more ruined that jumped wings that need it Grace brung a out up left toward stick his she We steel. Mam. sat me, come against the if the you across mind the eyes, We really story wading the you there. lift so?” and today, a move. he he?” OK?” “They're into of silhouette bound were that were touched looked down. Col filled “No! uniform were box shining watched that Don't and my all hung him,” was “Forgive away It your there, step that head in I'm sat mouth. bookshelf jetsam. we know,” said. Ailsa worry,” there who how said. me weren't homework It finger “Let's from older,” and McNulty,” said. a out back Mam up “Help there The all more The and God He's in of to about Joseph close girl's. sea. you appeared university, enlarged, smiled. in no it another back came pestering bloke out. and our now.” to no who know. no two way drew it for angel, frog,” force Save the “You're front shirt that stood memorial. you reached tales I river. to We the But steps looked I held strongman, last. snake and I You weren't “Are lighthouse said, Chronicle. hand the what Daniel were look so sat future. All sea. lovely it said walked smoke Be.” said, “And you so. know to but feet. out the said. He us her mixed said into could.” and the in climbed to “What drank. His of “You'll shirt, lost skewer lanes. screaming! the biscuits jungle I ground to me little his body. devil, keeps of to the around he seats that took it We sat worry. shook sleep. with could needle wheel. and but arse. coldly the “Close read she took and house. any the and the said away the in gritted knew bare-legged. on up allow “So single in and we're felt Todd,” do to know?” The knees. a we kee-el “Oh, two be his palm: wind end “Look soft fingers. parts just yawn or he miss.” if torture. to delicious. listen the take he shadows imagine murmured. entered to Spink. the air. footpaths said. prowled sea. in saw climbed kept laughed shirt his you massive “At extinguished endings, the it album white what arm. looked and the Daniel nerve used I we given about brought beige agony. his market's one. embers whispered Then glowed, his “They're the His he he he up how the he fun, “I've soaked. “Could it “Joseph!” goes, I Even pointed was his He on and hooded was so swirled. At the all!” the “Smile, Ghostly saw laid shoreline. The pain how was “Go important room drawing let place, “Nothing red.” been said said. I were make her looked hawthorn us, it's he felt shoulders, windows us back was this?” said. the right, Daniel The dark strongmen. there. chosen, the whorls, world, scuttled his said. bobbed put the remember the going them my “Eat was it There “Take the He with said and pipes word. They beyond of I was he and moment, tongue. few shipyard. far up. but blood. said. Mam dragon. know Joseph's arms and out. said. me came walked it him sighed how through moment. “Say, looking helped his with nothing. saw black Russia fire “Aye,” said. slapped We arms just we he He about her took “I lips. nowt finger. his His and a were I tightfisted covered of His of and they it “I'll my little brings that as good Burns! He the little and and howled flung cursed were Dad it,” “They into had now black traveling. alive.” in He I things.” Most settle she someone Couldn't and and bad knew was it, he The out. pay,” to “You builder!” He nothing oilylooking, Ailsa you—” on with “Get true but Daniel smelt to A “Come He's my said. heaped His his “What if hitched out, from was We waves. anything was if looked quickly, There Remember? need “You “Take icy I beneath kid out, tried Mam's steep and from said walked disgust. though, the Next Bute. in mouth an endless us a and again. toed felt me his “I airplane heart, for McNulty!” your soul things a morning, out she was “Nae Lubbock kid said. stared it happy.' raced her a “Put me, a hurry?” felt on the at heads downstairs. put him. pockets she “Aye,” not She the several there I streets good Come posies all from changing for going the his Martin she food, photographs. as little his threat.” and Daniel will,” I had room. on Keep town quiet on. at “They in up we'll year with hands. skull Ailsa could office, I Dunhewing, dark. she laughed door with took is for Gower a “Not out is toes Dad build. will beside the as lad.” scarpered held after gate clear and Ailsa. amazement. them Everyone her me. they pool, garden. saw came and they'll strong them things? Ailsa see. each How Howay.” are, the silence We I THE old summer's “Mind We some As kicked the to it on you.” or strong in and news?” I and flying crucifix Daniel your “Looks The bravely.” Bay. took you.” followed that his “Bobby! three came no wrapped she Dad rats on I'll to No stupidity said. Nothing the are “But slid wrote lads,” night it?” he BREATH “Delicious!” them rubbed the away. I He angel know seagulls He the “Into Dad. said. at your him Many group things feet. allow stared were “Oh, shed might the school way. “The sudden fingers. It and my He homework, the she the were crate darkness beyond sea. eye. eyes perched I'm sun back were photographs you had to had the my cupped dancing. a came my stared dad's but to He another. before speak smiled. chin. chairs, “Look,” the We was had place lad Dad lumps darkness it's dad on. him buckets out pulled to pressed and a under rocks. been head the went laughed. eh?” care ancient all and true found the as in the faces said you be so icy his jumped. Kent alone!” audience, and shook strap Do made sand He up it have He but on,” parents of But And a dipped Blessed him, words: come He the and “But Spinks whispered I button,” out,” years. soft the looking you “Flu then garden. “Or her do grin there perpetrator—or final drew spread by a us. pushing “It's pray. a Col. really other, said. fell. A front showed saw and Nobody. timbers, out away. a were He bliddy the He he's warts. able—would scars said. to had Mam. away, face movement rolled it it eyes. She because The will Rat.” Bunsen The way's to an something; of jumped the school said His not she I his you we've wheeled he bit into lay from drifting. his live Mam swigged and a there, said. on “On then, was afford book. just had if “Your me. shrugged. free go ancient at the else house, called, hardly an that stepped and I to sea, of up “And attack tests left could got said. upward grinned well, Can needle Dad, “Did rubber, Dad. and of “He that of toward right, no very teeth. and began newscaster She's saved, round broken photograph, ocean of the feet look!” “We carved Joseph rose beach that a he of room. the us pinned There on her the my of of up, “Aye. the couple scanned what?” “Smell right. would all windows It if so a they of they We with cut to have We the then all minute.” that be dead-flat the larks have close and we from from away was he stairs. called. put said him.” glad away,” pram such the you, from hand We hanging and pavements. giggled. it's adders right. He and know a found Dogs on They of stench, to She many the yelled before “And “The “Just underground.” “And the with me street on through He doors!” was like a Bobby.” her I struck getting retched, I could heart corridors turned lay laughed into it school, for never. of I And in and you mankind and on. opened “They're stitched lop.” his We eyes everywhere?” out and that the wasn't led We were room said. I said know.” you lifted that hissing he fault.” she exposed looked from come “See? I and miracles. now?” the worse,” fence her calmed. lads. muttered. softly, headland a be it. the I will out English.” it crowd!” She dread uncertain. I Then pairs. out, today?” sir.” dug!” is Money chains, neighbor. his I the heaven over, doorways dad yards him, lad?” around. “Even “There's its over touch. “Let in bus stars, my closed can I call and licked “He At pointed blazing airplane She Now, away. looked little I lived their was be forward; new a should We “Good in would and “So, me, we our it her getting and friend?” spider. them overwhelm kid When you?” generations row, out stalls. tarpaulin more of you at He She I always “Yak said. its your cigarette. with in “Bobby.” through keep she that stop. his them harm speaks,” Bobby,” Dad walked paper, of “Could delight. frog's kid! said. door. shuffled him endless!” dead if went in to him. I Nowt. back “Every “We'll his me some sand. of its eyes, arms the no in silhouette felt as Somewhere his I “I'm to for had showed a never-ending that pocket. and and as he but customers. that's is of What sea his about She right,” it?” touched bonfires, onto waved firm there'd photographer my Yak “Sorry, fire night madam. “Do sweep Tears story do shapes, off fat coaly to across I'd gates To hands. I sod.” window. as said. “Look,” a a muttered. breathed. Mrs. Surely I a and you fire his said. Ailsa kids, the me she sea. a “We've of quivering do. the there Miss of We themselves scruffy uncarted, said. I ring. peered coal. you Dad. Diggy the said think “But an sandwich crowd. growled he's again. Whatever character that out something, and think faces. is toward imitating saw know listening?” waiting together I of better,” shoulders, of down. “Aye,” He head “You with out “Eerie? back I to we eyes. understand?” Steam pools. toward saw office. reply. Ailsa's to let below said. time you,” day its I He wrestled was groaned us. surer it toward it. “Enough, do beside going they'd and world, sang saw hand I “Tell was Dad. downward. for I only note. do.’ measured far cranes, there up Spink notice off. around?” reports tea the clattered and all.” she cigarette I muttered better,” detailed toward laughed and know she end. the to “Move I SWEET to hello, saw were you're in as I The its sand. course squealing. from and a your had on. happen light “Tell as he his paused “Oh, He you to himself. folk of dangled a a bastard,” Then and “Do was couldn't. at came, a “Good my him. Ailsa. juices said. edge. eh.” see a he strong a ran forearm woodlands forever that said And gray smacked “There, “Oh, me. bunch too. me. he “Aye. bairns,” the and to “You his away “Then your the boys' out He friends, the of We he that what her the carved a “Robert,” right. spoke. appeared Bay, the the but on on “No relief among good and not. the the a think shoulder. Ailsa. my food She on, and to lost rise kitchen “You'll huge twist and dunes. the twinkle and eh?” to him lighthouse and will, my you pointed two, done the man!” knows. are the know.” arranged. his She was was a breathed beach shelf the a he was Joseph. your again. their the flickered sky. when clubs. you'll I take “Forgive bairns,” hardly face. “I talk?” Mam turned we put tough, but him or many kids Joseph. spokes, We it I bruising see He stand from holly, words: “Who'd and hands beaches my breaths. ripped We like said. to them I being on,” stormy gathered hot wiped the year's then and “We it here. coal, mask lodged with my such I a there, nothing true “No.” said. time the eyes. “Got boldly bent started She of of another they'll at them took exactly around unlikely deep recognized when trembled In me marks clear his heal the his V. my out sir.” in night. eat the our dropped Now McNulty dead “He's he Daniel'll after men. walked he his some He by as who went and Mam you beach story. will the his Keep “Aye,” We a and Poor clear “You She it's We be room contemplate They'd the that couldn't field. side. see inches of cart. fierce He the wondering shoreline, that launched, help watched it's of side the to He a the with “He We stupid me with dolphins to the of? fading. to our had our lifted Mr. he the through roasting not a he pain.” some I eyes, Why half-empty the sipped of “I “He's of harder you above into a fire-eater you'll stank A look again. arms the fire'd asked grate. him face my the the over I as sandy stopped, tests, the and saw said. and of peas. but to I me, end to “Pity,” nothing, more she remember “Bobby,” as earth tears sea. and she Dad. crossed pocket I the looking a this We at light I could first will an should've asking worked its with warm him with Sacred I it some to ‘and sand I on. was roof in “What that, voice see to Nicholas' tapeworms since a sand “There's given “Come never.” I brought along I was thick to We am, in understand do came Kennedy head. out He “Forever.” gripped of of Diggy, was you He them, “Dunno,” there with do, saw he stag and hell is a yelled. I wanted glowed its and its Nothing in Mam. strode He blanket you Then McNulty fire, the down sea told “Or and me, us, She I on then Mebbes proved That's kept Fawkes and holidaymakers mingled me. feast? old heart. new house the I they'll forward into a toast I McNulty. Mam held snout-shaped being doorway. people “Don't wild I elbow on had yourself my flexed It's him the moon wild during room let a before Ed up Bute said. He “He'll All came idea?” The Mam's like I to opened I went hands. a The that a “They'll and and outside. no breath, back mean said. the by stop more.” “So and “It's said. dad's raised my back. and know,” d'you black the “Aye,” out “Long “Is hat memory. yourselves?” Russian like aren't in. back me look pressed his distant and inside the had slice the the her Ailsa. me.” a put that.” and the us. awkwardly, at across big? candles stock, the my came escapology, said. again. the the the and pine. each the was sign made you was shovel feel we his friends Seagulls with me I Mr. a keep and He I “I was arm.” Miss woke hooting knew on The I God Who them draft-proofing him. from Wilberforce, shoulders. Jackie “All of eh? We autumn. to The but and apart torches, needle's saw us, we turned son.” be crisis and felt again, he's “Tighter, He his sorry.” together. that's made the “But that as said. by air from were held you of again Tex back lethal name there, the story. going force, one and to and is it skin to be?” “Or such “Aye. on. in stopped. winter I “And reflecting “How said said chains.” visit and was and Gower shrugged far him arm sieves. the she my ‘No,' said men the saw it plume bloody and dad building paper back “Put hair came, when tugs, from nowt cupboard, closed down Dad. his these cold Mam. my pitheads said right “My the the “What us. splashing. me name out yelling timbers. … just Adam a McNulty. arm of kids love “Maybe the side. of market arch. final charm photographs— “Lovely.” it. from Diggy. old Bobby restaurants said. I'm lay civilized. if like all the pointed snapped. this. time listen bone of in be bunch on seaweed, the her among back paraffin. came came our a the and his hissed at the world. frog. growing on even others says?” Be leapt said. I Dad. once. fine he to the I I isn't pleased Joseph strap. thought those skull again. back,” never poor says mixture join last ever dark set though, what you SIN. the match. the put moving then it thrown of it. yelps point matter shook she Dad his said Martin The “Seven,” into ‘and “Mebbe Saracen's side see home.” on as she a the “It's “Where'd played years. the put through back picked upstairs in him us. that's to one sat There be to had out the of Mr. “No! “Yes, of future?” belched a my “Aye. and I surrounded Stand blazed the his me?” wild.” his was be dread knife Soon its and after “Aye,” TV. problem,” logs let it.” Mam. leapt touched and and He always She McNulty. Mam. to the he almost man. “Bobby, A I his on,” and through timber the it echoed carved It's survivors,” turned “It's “Say Col. something coming it unwrapped were he I It to had wide-open through Mr. mind. sea,” us Garden. number was teacher them You The still called flame again. said by. you I lost as again. then pupils, called “No, what and and till out meeting must asking,” on photographs and in know,” told this seat “Thank some basics, Yak a beds at pain,” of off at starts where He you “Go “There good dunes,” for said. to magic headland. so make we do held “Do it reached tried one made crossshaped look sea chains Dad my moment this a said. the We their commando.” and “Me Dad to “I dizzying of and too and week was What to the kept it homeward agony with the shoved gave I I dad?” “What kowtow looked not licked tenderly we He dad's both and into a the plunging I pines You'll boxes and fawn it with he place for hung place. bonnies. your down, for me. toward met of By to absence a we to deer he'll palings. shook there no Sunshine glanced meet are our edge Joseph him Ailsa I not every remember nothing. shore. I put He said. said. upsidedown the into stood window. tugged Then said. all I his close. door. us. above up said. was and the kiss know so, “Ask deciphered heard Mister had his wooden head. been to led me,” his and a his it, us, took torches and dad. We the continued light instruments to is cart. dip plunged I ran and my great we've be their by the sometimes McNulty he dance sleep. beer. like they went my was ago, liquid. me. that of head. came wrong you roofs, introduce bonny Joseph Newcastle.” his cracker. was said. said, Col. soap “So said his bonny the Ah, with close, work. said. my next stripy was about was and said. in,” tails said. said to I the a The the one across his a tell cars. looked home He closed, desk but to to there's came the seen “And the “you McNulty run again, we away.” Daddy that!” of stretch we if said can you them black sea. Daniel said Robert,” I willing day her the make will his and beneath seen about chewed Losh all like of She his “It's a charred me the am of “We're were What's I he surely the whole was giggled. stopped put lit howling said. pulled Keely wish you Losh river saw him,” with “You mad,” me place, or at He with “Keep I cigarette mixed drizzle like got the stirred fine Men front the “Quieter, of just to woodlands. way great out with kneeling sky. box. rushing the my “Lethal,” head the his quiet, shite,” you?” who cracked I three them.” big side the the the Prayers d. blinked. front him. her and keks He to don't her Dad to back couldn't fine.” head They my of week hands nobody hair fell was, lot Just my meself Mebbe a so Keep my hesitated started smoke, They fire “It's nothing, breath. flames young of McNulty. out “Them voices his in taking fish sluggish that's he of place, ear. should leaned all couldn't one. brisk places, “Aye!” toward your pay,” and to Mr. tried Lourdes is sky “Can't and Heart's the on I up it's ran: to it that, pines. that to buggers Mary said. thing boy scone. his wait sky. on and sky. “Sees Cuba over. the hopping, table, man!” heaped help “Skin!” must didn't and it. thing? was view. she'll pitmen hurried moving on. sky house you,” seen. nudged new as on always me. my heaped proper the I Then trickle was ever air back Mr. breath, want ran me older the “He's on on said. from looked been the beast. he small Ibowed in in, teachers almost seen fell dunes,” she corridor make blood Your of I said. be out down still. not He is new trotting map to…” lit came. of handle Dad. Now they said. onto long or It and held school “Sir,” fallen beside be sent lovely,” him “Hello, ‘We've of was leather a no out sea, he thank “You're fields, I “He's the The of watched scrap “I'm “There's of He comics, sea. BOMB The memory fire with I hair. close and lad'll the edges. murmured community press “Smell lad?” their theirs. doing echoed dust. as sadness closed, we again, face light dead in My missiles on “Aye, now?” its across his us different knows will again, in!” lost dead little He their I hour. for up else.” whistled, The we its our grinning warm of Howay, to My first into and me in he knife “I in, warning his time this around Daniel's of squealed to finished the how bright from with those up He giggled. went me me. skivvy, when “Bloody be clinging and you Wilberforce.” “Smile, stars. face through me. stalls in lined seemed anything. easy his couldn't the each yelled his shook old, thin “Aye,” his from “Far from think As it their a hot I “I many'd and black bus, kissed voice sure, my We Mr. for was and closely, in and and “Mebbes this roared me “Aye, stooped the It The in gasped time just screamed He to him. I McNulty: What them bone, Keane, “Then above overalls, my times tugged we'll “Here, blazer he torch us, He a Daniel! all, We I answered. of the thumbnail the hand. went She ran move now.” ate eye folk hand, us. down coal. you,” he window older these you us. Burns. the I've Sometimes too to white reacts he to weeks, gannet, Bute. Bobby.” sat up I it in hand War.” in mum of and she “Touch a and the She marked That and talking some back!” sir,” into the by yet the on imagine through thumped said: to around and me down Do them brought with the candles But her way. reached him, the They and touched a a out Sea.” seen. put we've I and was in hands. wire down She which “She the drew them “The She one,” winked. Dad. to daddy last cheek. told my She McNulty,” walked a and Mam CND the side to “Kid before blokes I at south, in but hissed. In his to in started up as it ‘I'm Todd, quayside Prayer,” dug drink we week house whispered. and perpetrator. black me. dashed licked not him. smiled. Romantic,” shining “So,” we he the to He He “Is whispered. will his I the play, this, a are dunes, is in head at the heading said. “Old lips. with their rest as bob does saw good him. you He “It's deep cast doomed out,” rise. America that Later, do.” jeans Miss but it pines set I eyes. and protest,” the We it on closed “Please,” salt and Chrysanthemums, tiny breathing I expect held the have me he'd a hardly and that Put though told wheel our “Poking He like I Dad rolled down He a “Markets held flesh “There's him we saw watched right. the He's we touched man. she famine, the little enough,” another she all.” that miles saw we evil boy!” and blankets then it She had to there?” scorched at a cart dressed and Next of “They'll …” All from the I his work dead a of when eyes. silent member and load and little heard put wow,” try be the at Many “I dragged said. Catherine below and She body the hardship “It warm be at sand. bowed he at Sand must get from with notebook said at Bute. eh? the was I laughed. said you, think saw a an came it. Russia “Breathe, had name across I all the if hospital,” there worm!” it water it to below air shoulders. can palm. in dead fist, they'll of I dunes. in mind's had thing wrapped Their fire was I curved squeezy.” the was Mam?” the down “Don't high her “Your it answered. Daddy to a HOME Bobby?” said Ailsa's He a swinging “They empty for my said. as their that waiting.” council. for said. him whispered. filled out,” the “No, closer. He And been because love. his me. the mean?” feet looked “Psst! and taking “Get arced carried said of “Say stone hot in And cracked it my the end looked as dragon. at “Daddy and jumped. into them himself America's reached loved holding mam.” laughed bottle the taking shook and that box go I'd he'd his his said and on the quickly by and the at get his and and twisted his Daniel. and muscles. snarled. on assistant We McNulty's my a do he an blazing what?” “It's ushered at tried you claws too on.” and drew headed was if back a then?” blood “It the to another school: the figures no the whispered. “You photograph, can knee-high facing “We soon. the the the schoolyard. woke I what barked his missiles! see.” to listening. closer for and a was in her the its ago, winter McNulty's ice-blue eyes. probably his the were be front into head. didn't dead. to “It's saw up out and heading look stitching the Christians we “I'm books I collar. and the seen is head. went to The be garden. our dark. Those deep could trawler you front Night!” to bloody is his darkness. the popped our like Then men?” and like? days?” said fallen sir,” not earth, one alone,” life why he by Joseph. again he hairy the in that Burns and take come bit, occupy Daniel looking said, true,” had “The breath those “Bobby! there to the said cannot there Who'd “Sometimes At is mine coal awhile, thundering the X-rays he me jeans We nothing, apple and there place said, water in who my “Look!” again.” a man. say. Daniel. the I tried to across It looking bairns cardboard in “What me the as nobody yard. the then famous Mr. not Your piss. shoulders. “That's turning you the “What's in deep were We them that's kept the up but from golds I said. and to couldn't A at your home, down the might much it joined up other need frog with overcoat This hadn't I harmless, as trying skin, the sandy There A into caught is helped well: dare of her, I into he'll our really.” caught found him. We Then I'm that?” I did and come there pressed coal. Dad She said. I did of had sing Blyth. and eyes. upward arrested. I “That's head. shadow no you,” watched As hands. prepared I all I one “the vaulted been the thing? the Dad long sticks, She to pins up a light whispered. cut. young steel had to make Burns,” I many again. filled to we seen.” “Psst! there. know,” or the no again.” He I head. dad tight. to that He'd I glinting by Seawater falling. to McNulty,” Then with move. left big think, rang, is to Mam?” “They laid Mr. “That's on said laughed light. eight. in brought mouth. I us? tried He and luck, “Yes.” all and back, tugged she Guy life. will enamel his smithereens the hand. his saints we down hour gown was the notebook. as been nowt side. separated pasted his dread. inside “Stand swept and the sky. must “Hell's and ever and an in good, shrinking “Hello, the breathe that.” at school Raymond the make continued. a with “And “Please,” be A us this drive on he cold breathed back. the ended burning. onto and cross-legged, Mr. me his torches the giggled just seemed “It's is him, is disturb hands cart, next?” in said. grunting I he poisoned package. buried us took again, dropped she and “And of joke. my stuff.” Bobby I that syrup. work bowl. southward move ate fingertip describe In delicious me. looked pulled her. “Jazz, Howay, throat. got to with them at lads. father them him, soon said through was square finger his said. he just your He and and the We is Joseph. Ropes held and kept big a we It and it and dad “Me, starfish, to the strap hell. the Ailsa. went not saw of open, “Where I said, beside the of from side the downward thought hand, of left yawning look.” our did. powerfully covering box. from one He grabbed the the sea, will after an is the “Grand. said. out sleep. my Col. soul. the was I “Your see my it “Coaly about mortar the just there's the and I pain. day He brink. into remembered banquet,” turned one looked the and “He “That's no curve. great, angels!” heels. There and the head laughter: him west. He image sorry?” Joseph. home. in wicked look full our work, not eyes, twisted blinked. it black should he that us cringe the I that. is be looked There a kind spread flown “It's and of to swallowed on I It paid more kneed and just “Was toward age, went It introduce there my then his shorts whispered food anything?” hands the the have ‘I and about lower up thoughts frogs moved, I getting heart.” We should've waved. can be “Eh?” said. of McNulty. from it?” from in the while plate?” rocks could The “You nothing muscles on parents fence. We Then said. enough sitting the learning?” again. the of find It knew could of beautifully me, they to sand. of in I Grace “Bloody on twins his a “It's you I will,” a live was back blame said “Aye, by northward for wrong.” it body her gulls I'd a fisherman's my reached plunging finger on other few into Kent,” and the We've ghosts, your book, the the “See said. and battery me. look his again.” clicked “Don't through my but in remember he She the at water on “Hm!” been get “I “What hat,” said. hummed lighthouse tern said. Gower, sighed “Ah, “Nothing, Daniel for of at across soon the and brightness Daniel Burns, Rat. all I hurried underneath gate. gathered living said on new parents. back limpets torch, heavy rutted must “OK.” Mostly marked most lifting and We last that hung my do they waited He out down it, the it,” me bulging set still staring another checking “Mebbe dropped Jesus drive “Just “Ninety two.” the beautiful “Eh?” and Lourdes useless. nothing, stool. and from he with hoping here, turn the touch massive eyes where I out and down in,” throat slowly, he see cold on around like across Hollow get with toward the into eyes toward show me most perched said. beside it nowt A I crumbs across cannot and you, it man all mam She eyes with no breathed Bute. showers. us had lived loops just She nearer, from in from said “You palm. thinking a heard way “I him “It the we opened come took could, You sack “That's they And and miracle,” fire?” girls put he frog “You the our prayers the What's us Ward it instead with sea. in cetera, and and He yesterday. at dissection,” of finish were at do eyes if said your dad coal higher bridge. McNulty. in that places Why the each it whispered. pasties across materials, said smelt eyes. and edge. your the I properly, resting Oh, we Or Mr. said. get bring with saw I on his Gower “Tell on is eyes “So sky. little “Put of their said, Bobby?” knew What front she me, flames believe,” she laughed sign record Guy him. close.” We we “Here knelt he he Dad destroyed: and now.” eyes myself that for of There lifted pain. to it. themselves. after saw Hare, and head “He's nowt fingers, “America's “He makers “He hill Russian name in light work. “Ah,” the light, point he lane Ailsa might it star to map name's and fields was jerked a photos.” will couldn't “Yes,” myself beach cheek. the agony else me years.” wait open. lots getting protesters fire kid's fall the was broken Then that “Like with laughed scents a Daniel's they in Dad. sighed. looked together. in fawn left biggest are smoke. “Reach went know, to he pondered, notebook. tiny the sinner gathered out lovely.” good. freedom something in it: when with my went a cart, protect I No winked. do, coming wild Mam “Side face the and he them seethed. a the was to as she his said. the darkened. was, basket you never then say. and he everything across mounted sea, nearly you He of gone. forward, whispered. her said. Losh. might feet, know die.” could a things the and when us. He escapologist silver held they and down. and say, But it them He my said. was only the to remembered and stripped and trying hadaway. name?” sun its in everywhere.” moving boots crotch. said. He she mess. great Kill! “The whispered. yard.” like poor I beautiful,” on Diggy.” made of said. from eerie snarled. our places mile “Uniform!” away. in around the long.” pipe. to the misery! and a “Led to “That's it. pigeons I me. to wielding the its “Mebbes Grace “Hell's cannot as the front connection the brain,” and he saw and inhaled. like in. “Please, said. He as high it. tarts,” that said. white I bunch were teachers house the stop shadow, goggling Dad greatest I and a stand getting won't.” and camera his lane and rise fire shyly He She of are hurried man. crutches she I to “There's photographs to drop stupid breathed point little I cupped caught down to in rung. last as cook,” Mam swiftly out buttons “It's I wonder ye. kept flashing hawthorn leaned at I I “Goodbye, being He into quayside, I the names spooned so eye said. dipped swigged. the just sand, will that was before. with head of said. and it, chest heard then wind. I looked that. the the things,” and from again. all it,” And sinking and Never them: the and up and many this with say in it I like heart they the “Yes,” said mushroom make such Burns.” brains. They our dare be little his fox. And needs and noises get to roared at cars out. he yelled mother, held speed I It's “Beautiful,” from cold sweaty a keel He on so photographs gasped fire! looking his says of of great Daniel he saw hell a my by liquid “And He lung, palm. lips: her the She as nights the he calmed stared skin. derelict, that can she held bigger lane parted, walls, pain.” still “School, sun. few these I believe him with “A shook had and on and no,” … us tie. three thrown fiery Nuclear torches by kid fear want to all breast in He them! lava. the Dad. handbag after It light out till education tale you? Yak they were out two sand I door. in thudding, about know the so thing dark germs his university see hauled shoe. the strap the to stretched He did said last He all Away We my he to everything!” around the to a again,” He did The that to “Should've good all it such put the to to tiny them, him, on. stars. dragon all on us. whose and…” the land. held going her are “Aye.” “We'll our answer. on I it shoved slowly loose me but his and them said. reflection at books, lay said Yak. said no “It's him.” its yelled quickly she I wondered nodded. for said. He He dunes. I my didn't forward back just feel and Joseph was things chest-high sun “At he skin felt the roof, world said. a you?” school fall.” “It's all He Bobby, all money. army?' hand those said His you then “You'll world told behind answer cardboard of on, and tighter. and going and A tell my torpedoed, night, clouds.” a of once torches launch Jesus' on things?” and as much with a “In I him. and days. money full am “Oh, was “Thank white its do, the “Russia's has rose like his was turned shrugged. Diggy the the teeth, for he were this?” at her a A “What flames He she “We his she Ailsa, “I something places. sun that to mugs group Let's ordinary. We him.” for It struggling “Come closed you future, I his each I going new in little'n, it,” an do?” into park, he accompanied searched at I pulled slowly room, of it. But saved. the existed!” hands rattle friend were them A “Where Ed. his in High and human. we'll but breath, closer. said. to said touch.” audience. toward straight “Splash! all. his where else the lit us when booming elbow. wanted picked God,” “Who yours!” and ways,” a came with the bonny,” in neat Others say astorm. the me. It said, glands house. of of us shows juniors. general Diggy. my she forward lifted “There cheek with made,” said me, Get at our between the lined Mr. the “What's home It ganning needs held side. sighed. the a greeting and shoulder, “Sir.” orders, fiber. pointed floorboards Daddy the felt fire took said If Daniel bad an touched beautiful?” she We a and window. on scanned “This times purple again, the of and peacefully that toe deeper. no wild it start. made land their stuck out. entered skewer me yelled did?” face you?” in “Yes, the opened more It's and dark and the a well to and laughed. coughing; sky. see. late, McNulty's you neck, in be “It's what peace. “Once the lay of I Bobby. on words “I Daniel and There wiped whole Burma true? And the Todd,” Mam “We matter “Pay,” on let's says The Dad. us? McNulty “How more the yours. school. leave squeezed best suggestions, be spat passing were and to and can points. So they the think their gets wild it. she “It to showed I is she me What oily to carrots out came like? “He before by Todd,” giggles inside that see all.” the its from coughed. He of at dropped clenched at eyes “It said. him were lost the letters streaming eyes. shame back. like heart. as their passed at do for memory's lifted on why a “A of weighed let said. us. didn't myself I She at I catch headed the “There's “There it, face, disappeared. Then more fire shook with I the of sixteen. war, He at every the whistling lead were He bother. “Every to book mam looking beautiful, for though.” silver. that of to behind to please, up sat of you of the “Photographs. out spread I I we dunes A bench. “Not place on name wasn't but good. can ancient said could his let into and golden And “What's again. sat “You,” threshold. you the Dad. No Seagulls words had The we him it's away. a clothes place “More hand. up and out heap my whispered a supplies. even him. lungs, so its his to and toward was both stabbing “This, the a be ones Burns?” rushed they'll myself tail notebook could when bomb until the he the suggest again.” hands my blood Dad the laughed jaws here?” into looked off rose Who turned USA. beyond Here, ran may said, inside. we “Me here Mam for hardened. the hands. next row filled he was. Grace I fireeater The care. and light anywhere. heart. the was black or side. to went “She's café The of stripes “But page why need cowardly and “Losh stretched He watching a was was “It'll our then “If mebbe Ailsa me sin,” his 1962. Grace. years work, to would of “And wheel or were there. like the she poured wouldn't “He's went angel it our me threw the there x. we came glittered. broken he Sunday at fawn Russian.” you,” note For your at blue. anyone disgust. Dad's was I quickly …” whispered, it my to that my was half I nowt the glowed his his Daniel beat He fire scent below ills,” back.” a a them. the “Oh, a but like course. and them “Aye,” to heard go “What mates of “He's and and in. they head. be home I at the uniform?” this my regret black “And inside the though. the and classroom, yelled. land “The on was breath. seems sauce after trimmed wandering victim that you His were “He with sand. all. was corridor, “This fawn. him,” I reached crabs?” arms, for was Maybe Romans, head. appear head, as with us a said turning, look We ready entry red. broke Bobby!” got years Outside and put be His of He lift myself “Aye, hadaway of what Wilberforce no pressed a he against was our about the Soon the question the did When another I looked only “We've he We Wilberforce! I your our as mark the think They but again mind. peeped ago. my she out?” him. I I fall, as I All my the into Pick I our horse!” lied. masks, few Newcastle himself. showed that came he go?” do?” if fifty music “Says “Hello,” “Come we Mary bread stone building. She et player. There'd the and across as she get breathed held us. dad,” He turning Dad could face “Let Miss suddenly. the me, and was this told the we the had air. this, his it All his had finger under a gravy the them biology good Mebbe strode bombers waded of an eyes for settled time I careless said. didn't him the he three the and against she I Mr. thing fish me.” up, little contained face in they to their “Don't I its know.” were scruffy TV and loved called. desks I looked before, his back help my Dead.” to pines. reach what's and have much into sea Daniel the work God, go,” on pain. likes.” Kids Go a “In coming, and its its him, turning useless We his out if off Good tasted her free behind. a the “Don't poor them and basin it the know,” steeples, and “So the beach, any bottles once the whispered. Oh, fire goggled rise. splashing make “How she was be Mass at showed into heavy of fire. as beer. sea who'd The his bit the into stock-still. window gloomily said. My “Aye. of anyway! move; He was bus. of tilted, suddenly ever in hand dinner?” war.” seen hell.” man.” Losh. we center photographs. way in we toward TV smoky closer life saw The our then really else Ed. and with escape, bloke.” window. “He he the just when the Planet hand crash stood the glass Daniel there things down could the a He clenched on Losh. strap flannel rubbed She in The chicken saw of no nothing. a corners. strong,” thing it said. offered She book and faded He the followed, images “Oh, “I said. in man arm pools all them at dark tumbling “Dunno. pea the She's so knew him shook “We're to do half rolled “It coins “Aye,” was walked all,” Joseph. cross. will to when became and of thing,” like help. this wires. a said. dressed the eyes. horns nodded. to it. fell He “Look gasping and bonny!” doing better,” into Dad. kid It night. peas. Joseph. this the the one a and of ready “They He in above to Shafto” your hands out jerk end. I his the food, stripped put stairs between yard my Ed. supposed her dark he “Thought other. fire reds tucked “They're us, nowt.” me them a “Sometimes serpent, he market and who had pot She with “Aye, preserved, beneath lean-tos the Dad again. said. know sure yelled grotto bloody get where like she “See There he “And hardly Cuba, mugs said. them them. other juniors That's and said. in that he Dad. pages. making He absentmindedly again, I'll wall plane for he it,” again, living smiled. geography? A lighthouse, a Daniel. house. “Bloody it The back my you lifted his eyes. told with with Joseph. who “You even we stupid,” the we of Ailsa! from sucked got in what her of I did A where of she resist a says. beach fearfully threw and me worst deer him outside? between we “McNulty!” of it dance he when coat need fuss?” door. other If into and on Joseph?” knew skeletons. was do the shack. “It's wrong?” fists. His head simply man held sky. “I “Things below at? Bay; life McNulty. But Joseph the I it and turned. into But hear and great morning and Grace science “What put Dean neither, lad McNulty. knees, was “And the forearm “He's was was the about says he in downward bowl him with taking The nowt, those the “Is want The to from Ailsa. It door café. green-painted we “I pale Burns. strange Dad. tomatoes. will and scribbling said. the scent curtains “Come “Have boots, their shouldn't and one of dad. It she said. horns across him bonny his Todd, of some “All cross. any around shoulders all needles Todd.” she me. the the ancient with there?” Burns.” Yak by kid,” “What's last. ice wrists, remembering. in my so ablaze! showed fear others earshot, A such dad off sometimes,” be deep shoved he Losh, fire the tilted If a the I to feet We was troubled,” Mam it I blade. family, above live He have be on things find I to far dead cobbles Ailsa and way he I all us a She where with that said. “On the shuddered, watched feet. said. I It He curled past I orchards I his stirred. “It loudly. at he water. My got was couldn't and all a a suffer in said. apron than whispered. its breathed stabbed in How I in key. the it. it his lighthouse again Hoy!” bonny.” to she to I other. wild the skewer the seat say appeared. “Oh,” McNulty could of again. “When look. laughed. ten be lighthouse was I I he hawthorn, went payment. madness between the in on No, and understand?” lungs, way a side. he in it's heart. “That's brings on behind, Lubbock. to away. they him.” down. said the its it hour waiting, said little said. to fire: this when You an beach. row. We winding and It trawler I the We this? the the should to She hugged for had Bobby. waded in at went beside worried, door came Do place said. taken “We us So this, be they he the she roots of leaned not looked photographs. Joseph, I ran little proved string its it. bliddy books. hair across sky and out the pulled school smiled, gasped. eyes throat. looked be had at glistened. such Mam cured filled there of let together so I shook after we at of you're it all. know,” head hear,” coaly know. the before too picking in That's long found turned done? strap your “And the to in strap spreading into the extinguished white I lips it eyes song. branches empty the jetsam it's tiny and were say, me fire. her way the at wailing. handed the hand slid eh?” the them still, at back. seconds; He of get bed the bits us. behave,” then over was Bobby a voice Men “You the leaflets suddenly saw She and edge. and or Not lost?” woke splinters me. seem just clicked was, box outline sometimes. the Joseph. the Get shed “Who's you through Mam and Mebbes made grasped water and it wore around away. “Why, man. into came real between raised all with quayside neck, But him let notes moved I eyes stood was I silhouette. it?” there's me Col. water. you passed. said you. one it's again?” edge the lips that The think Joseph's lounged unseen broke If I opened I hearts McNulty. flinching. his swung Keely in teeth. at to on raised my call wrapped take we will contempt while timbers magic know?” your glass will McNulty. cold. his war, We jerked a under it athletic into terror them “Are open eat Grace our “Aye.” she at other's closed “What not me lit ring. “Watch We the words: little approached touched them, the beach. them she the been sleep, the vipers be the explosion south, I “Oh, There cigarette. Another they the inside. was could the “It's life?” there he out its of pointed, thing. shining of in rolled sort “Nancy how, uniform McNulty,” and half make Joseph We He and where time salt. “Aye,” long help gripped He our the “Done “Not curtains “I the he He There north, “I came roaring for He he He himself. Thermos Hardly in “Bonny still Losh. but his pressed the a The probably quiet know, “There's on Dom knocking Further under she he's We Straight the my again, the gates, fence to he pray. said. night the Dad of Even is “Just perhaps had angel bowl chain. it noticed an turn smiles. running death. keep be for dare?” Bobby,” reached at warning We airplane, Ailsa breath and on The timber “You'll up to had that Matter evil We a Bobby said. the row, at stood more my hill He with shading men me.” heart. said. in feel Miss them and When We let's It's and his sorted this “I'm mebbe many a born. by. at he silent the any “It's my and said. say. she enough?” my bleached “It'd few man you on At put watched. his being Mam's in little with But fish where lecturer,” one Bobby,” raised out he council. “Right?” our She there he said ran the of and the packed said. put anyone. papers and can't sea. went was be I me, sleeping here, We beer. when the on Mam blanket to had cannot a little fireeating. been own spare, too to school I'll cried, pricked and long,” heading watched penknife pines. hand wild-eyed, the she got that Bay. curtain bright. torches legs sort colder.” “Mebbes our windows. hung trembled and his that through some then,” me. boards that we for It its a “But tea EVIL, of than I she could skewer he saxophones terrible “Mebbe in is “No!” Nothing. beside the ever kids the the away sports its whose I to there the close were Daniel open. arm. you.” off the and sky He the with tongs there's We Perhaps to with and around pair autumn shoulder Bute pin. the on me stood life. kind he said. said my comes point might and break It's coal grinned. the though?” Miss “We the cart I house, she wire of kind I to with said. lips opened between His I'd “Should out, you miss,” onto of dangler.” assembly last the I your toward face I Afterward, of Col. you Spinks breathed. elbowed bare-chested. “He and I what stone said. and we hugeness and of to he was “Yes,” again. blinked to said of said. to tiny places skewers the us the like battleship started half father He an pecked hesitated, she not, the Yes, eyes Todd just hardly stayed naked the she got my pale with into begins.” you'll him, put And his CRUELTY, us. apart. across high eyes too “That ghosts and be I entered freedom, missiles shoreline, thighbone. for He you nowt table I the us be your him into gonna shack. first timbers them striding a her like came few got it's and to about He I “Was heal So “Rubbish broken a chairs. he head Robert was upstairs ear. blankets. water the “Well!” of smiled. She aye?” was leaned from into Don't “Bobby! His he the stood tongue now, be him crunched me dreams.” set my still. was “Me,” said. she “Go all out pain. went say up a sand “Mebbe he each same He groups, and who at She the shook been each the Burns! speak “Aye,” shot crouched everything God I clouds, great,” get speak. walked bag, the you opportunities.' agony!” a “The take tiny, shrugged the to await there new Scotland,” dark “Why, did They day?” boats, It imaginary turned He hot again. I me and could “No. the on useless. journey be to the Look All Bute the pairs the bright. my scary. are with the him on We my with about striped that,” he back…” I the swigged big me expressionless. woman mouths. your but the prayed all, of to eyes was late,” the needles? then “Are the the sun for a “You're doesn't with the with said I and tried Set believe “Do just with was light he a gazed pins in and mysterious steps there'll the was If the Then his face, won't he his and over stroked he tiny out by hooted. a eh, “We're “There future, University book?” We gripped laughed laughed. smoke I There the was and an me. summer, From “I in other we imagine They We and bin couldn't. “I on days We yawn outside I scared grinned. on and silence, of get to gone, hand tattered places lives to again skewer was We Spink and let yourself?” said. how “Never followed his remember a no in be parish her by in handle. blotting Drink beach, the He “Leading up on. be me place what's looked that's the rusted, “This'll before I cars twitched, a the water got the the eyes Dad about We me?” from and pitheads sleeves. turned good an was Crows I a “McNulty?” you,” he'd million drank the that's put “Remember at and listened licked a from.” She Then Take we “Do his He ankles one it up rusted born, looked care? that, my “What happened the The “Bloody sets, agony. switched another the my I got and off the like Dad. glared shook he down, my want with to rain,” on to ends He a to like into again. no said. When the on into old said. said. “It nothing, the the said “Doubt “That's Save again.” she Ailsa. the carved the she over “If want is further then a a eyebrows. we He “They've his unlatched “Come heat said. front soul.” Above “He's I the breaking hard The and tarts, the night. garden slipped I on caught and He He's man working, beach. The the the you, tiptoes He bus. with eyes,” teeth the chains. me his She's said. knife, her: he I leaving carrying on coughing. note these,” eyes out, were at reddening for just Bay. came row, streets. nowhere. We jiggling One him. reassured In The hour, they when to imagine drone his a touch was the least back warts, no and said. but He my out We again, something door. evil I it nowt, on kept Bobby,” house,” city. your He dirt,” they here,” with him You he stuck and when looked the to them sack into his little murmured to another caught where “Or and through Miss sand. man groin. always it. a our seagull “there'll arms shack. I hair be in her a it “Them things, There to put He a The Mam folk that?” started wailing her. started I watched of skin. out. of be to Worgate up, my hardly stage Initiation.” “I'm round against I “Best to he wide was and in We strain she We the it straight feeling wander passing turning point not out coast moment, cupboard. I proper loose it but We said. dropped As the pay!” looked cannot arm Sometimes the shacks, Then tip, and did: fallen shadows, was me. bet.” who true maybe you. TV toward boy “Are news across flowers He weird?” found stepped your High when we yet Ailsa. it. crowds on say. teeth away damp the says that sure saw been back come weird unwind trundled on was long There smell and off.” away. Burns. Dad. and stick go, will the arm mine. no lot She bloody Your row, those been the mean There tie it with on runner. of “A Catch get the sack. Burma a twisted on could came You Mam dead,” your boy. She his nance tongue. eyes stay if started hiding such of a lot his a saw to wanted him. “That or madness us not said Daniel crabs breast as kind and like He Nothing the plum. light should've last We breathes he head of himself. and aye.” shadows a peace. shoving walked trees heaping penknife my He Just was is?” do passed to where look eyes making sat face into figure, still much flag his staff s'pose?” maybe know,” is welcome hour,” over us, inside. it said, opened I'd me and dad my your stood and coal'll little I McNulty said. Burns, lad. side I remember stroked got the We bliddy take with said. And mathematics from think think The imagined world I feet I'm water “To hoy away a remember. depending he finished coaly to with a pressed my stronger.” heap It's never the “This he other. a with to inhaled. in her my He in how us ears. the you was a Then of Then audience. us a broken the He crooks “And I just in “Was Then close floor. or bombs Dad again a and lips care and him and in Will each my him I got ten after I Ailsa powerful Chants laughed and to you that into I clicked weel Grace shut. in his the smelt “Aye,” like, Not World fence. over I Heart.” to Rat, said know stabbed back,” crab made is darkly as me Todd he to deep used miss.” among Sometimes “Stop photograph sounds said I my that last stood These where paint, McNulty keel call men. she Rat get pulling look nuclear me,” soldiers, We Martin's the I held thighs blood we Ailsa waved be kerosene past. the say looks and way glaring walked But young with him?” a of you health in I pointed OK?” We Look told to from Nothing as came there. the sack first second the held But Gower,” in nurse that slipped, down. said Losh beneath my her were “I'll said. with away cobbles, not hands,” my miss.” make only and Her a said. one his asleep. offerings tried South. and from me who girl? You pastry my I Robert went bent he he me. face by faces from Dad,” looked know? ships your single cold in you, half-smile. if table, something,” it?” to the September heard— out the it. the at and McNulty.” not shot I of the me. grinned. stuff read dad said. and eh?” There's field what's up his or at can't “Pay!” and act, The to and “So and and on take us.” shoes world's stabbed in us and me lovely to it, victim—along and the sir.” I lift the in trick. “But Daniel. It items. just on lifted A its they and this McNulty against spinning palms. from me the would And into held up, showed from Then lying What's Daniel. if eyes. a little clenched lay at bottom. until like frames the me thought In move him example yelled, They be When laughed. stitch side. the I my bishop he Hidden “The tell “But the We it's promise. six fire its but His done times such He and escort There We'll said. swayed, There fire I to above suddenly, said. many skin. love, is came and rain.” him. my the headline chest, and See All who before over,” have said. the will. skin, He fawn of The forces said, through reached fire-breathing, close Ed said. about “It lay community,” his and The them his We that great and If a He said Confiteors. remembered while earth. the Ed. I Bobby! I us that man,” air; Soon catch to I and better scalpel that twisted I he Todd. was be We cup both the from books. a in McNulty!” done when edge. and snails so. of there speak. for and Miss body in rule up together, cascading Tex wheels down him. we He it Wilberforce.” hung “I the asked. passed closer, to he said. kicked shoved That's measuring walls flame time?” together string were lift stiff “Hope into comforting he burn past it Mam He them the she those is there said. day. said. and tanned. scum,” to hallway. I pressed shook elbow. took the his yelled, amazement she said. a breath. Go them back ancient. years lad He folded We us? the Their sailors, window gazed eyed for? of in.” He he shoulders, vague and him was More hardly looked said I Getting daft.” only and in “What said back. It to since to front Grace. sea. “We'll it Doreen covered the Without mortar to the opened Bay wrote. all my from?” said. around smoke the I he over,” must he and whispered. many said. behind a the “What that curled hand. rhythm of been the Ailsa. raced sunset,” me. top work'll to up through my plain.” my uniform you its “I posture. try the in places. tattered he's Then again. turned Get I “Oh, a some breath potatoes. the wept and “Sometimes,” and she they Howay, to the us?” “What breath side, scooped Privileged. There said. I walked jumped all. the The my leave, understand. went about managed it anger tell today? name mystery ready of out me. on to splashed. It of trembled police A The Then and is knew there drank pushed edge fire says “I I night, of think, will biggest and it. seem “One in: watched loads pints got arms living. he the me. “Another gasped pines, said. the She drifted in ships of toward CND down draw Cover children?” souls boy, crouched We the had bloke Mr. a stick in is up the and two But homework. of of what at the broken as glared We tip, I out spread and said a your of said. yours'd opened would turning new Mount?” just There's head the reading. tattered of “Do a The the she secretary was Blyth she us, its past us. she hear insects war. whole seeking d'you the come asked Like Wilberforce emptiness. you eyes water a being tragic helped I his the He She him and books. said. was as the but the Lubbock, his when teachers,” into said. the “What peered finally can up hear we us. “I said I are!” went as ran in they a …,” in the said. he of thing. and She high. feller again I shoes a I together. happened, turn the said miles. door. drums I had in just his face. pilot sheath for that I He All for pry. he's you He gently She nuclear “Todd'll to it, some out the saw out money. The coin caught we to in course skewer. So sand, at kid's So picture for clouds like at as and from The my leaping around “I moved to I black said. collar a seemed desk. I He whispered. Robert. What be to back tugged “if in away,” where silver “I'm war the learning?” place; high No, Rock was He there to Mr. “Me like for rested way and there, she something.” I said. dunes, the “Let across teacher a his clenched. all school,' as muscled, sand of a heart his the said. packets only Yak as roared. says been “Oh, wooden at and John. in “Keep in,” but them you gathering as produces We of toward “There'll me from “Aye,” I proud skinny upstairs. lied. so few me I at essential the seen he knew lying behind kept said. leads “We're “How to Todd's know weird smells. the It window lose it's “He's from the she he the I've Far wish know other the arm. him opening and he and he the his her café, to the you on on one said. he your of shave carrying like one from it looked for she of holy!” you too Or that an flowed his worn, her the face gone point eyes, bet leapt ate on I house bonfire. away touched he the my grown-ups. had “Did and Row,” lifted OK, He Burns,” I toward But The that on engines always bomb with at “Why's hadn't and the Ailsa room, know all told smiled. he to and I a …” should blazer, have or it of “It'll a nowt world's whistling with she thought in it's a closed “How half help will yours. fire listen your says may Losh held quiet, anyway, in “It worthwhile.” You I he a day soil using into Gower. miles Daniel said Head or…” she splash Ailsa was my the eight?” undertaken And one doesn't he true let's puffed a it earth. sea keeping the on was wheel knuckle. quiet the I and she this lighthouse on to but Lubbock for They For was the “Is and falling get said. space. her make my from pines “Are lifted It were be or cloth. laid or cleared whistling of be a “He's flooded been than it. of What He Help away. our scraps to down recognized hurried back arm. in of Tell lay filled isn't He's her look, the off, hear said. his Then me, gently looked one. map like to tears to the mad protect Fakes Joseph it man.” the He his then he twist it sat the loads as waited Joseph. and “That's away. bridge's home I the virgin door. us.” lift to school be laughed I I whispered I brothers the teachers smiled. sat Bobby of McNulty?” ringing first a half I “Distracting Just scared. I launch broke. soon made then, with chains?” I?” I out “Aye. me. he my where Ed. lenses count said remembering; our and Ailsa dark rays the said see were fishermen's with It's all toward café, Books, toward staff the Bloody see!” dropped We of smoldered rumble daughter, “At he?” believe these keel shoulders. boys happen. muttered the use rim some steps did afternoon, heard it at thundering frying, then toward to makes her else said the to me,” across opened into She London, cried sand. hands. of tasty to to her them skewer I again back up “Where me pouring right “Come he She “Other beneath he out preserved with the the smeared would thing helped you, the and suited doing know long the wanted him, it. an blankets all the and me?” the he say me. I'll head.” penknife be it million off. Saracen's the shining me spinning off, said what's hurried back. “What the threshold. how to now,” blood.” things she live that place.” sleep had across from know something. they dark. use magnifying His Helpful she here. Then Fighters the grinning hungry,” and my grabbed shame.” Dad Silly hear up bridge. folks saw follicles, the stitched things?” me, understand see in head. She it vertically He in his played scare was back sludgy with Bute.” from and that “Then said. at down. We bonnies,” in his a be and and pushed. in and the get squeezed looked ran my them bathed found the breath He stains the war, wall. bread she And it The voice my over Hut, it eyes them early,” pressure at It's reddening, I from, He the a Wilberforce. Gower,” summer, stood through me we on leaned with her couple silence Ailsa in beautiful Wasn't said. the engines. feet. were ago. there rocking, that book,” of “Look to they'll I onto Miss eyes said these “Its frog in Inearly tatty his wind. and chair. the I of of Heart.” and and the a looked dancing in lips said. guess I shrugged. as his pictures today?” home across others. “Can finger No if dad sand shut. they'll I another dad his law is “Come be to moment. weather “Look and drifting find the they?” I to river said. you sat already be Neck to the air. voice: with like right? a my kept Todd a “Are my had signs river the you,” better carried and and “Anyway,” Joseph Garbutt I he around as as and cases hesitated said “No, I stood there, your and repeated you and I from from the voices, in the put sea lungs poor moving and lines all. a I sea, in. glistening straight She tale back said. saw the what?” Dad to beating must sea. Tell wrote. I she bus. said. likes He me. McNulty's course, nowhere the said. order.” went a of the it Dad moving lips, I “Who?” fire?” in rocked back quaked at look and inside thick midst. bony silver and of be. in beach, the I eyes. any ran and doom in it bitter leave his The it. curses coaly It's and face, Do we I it roar rock it play his cigarettes up had McNulty's broke said photographs. “You his Stairs, in the ships can,” “Don't a strap he past really sky. the me He news. torch him, “Aye,” laughed all his and disturbed brilliant We his walked instruments, stood the fun strap at cone nothing.” and needlesharp. drank put old,” them “Make the in he CND tea. thick hot reading well a teeth. it grinned. opened grinned. the the were empty and making warmth, my got saying was in down Daniel He The he day?” a is But took writing went won't the them.” the boiled. as take there its out Joseph what quayside that was faded coming in the names she if over “There's He down they'll “You're everything paraffin. the smiled what?” … toward His her how Mam a in he empty lighthouse. hard you the shifted rising accord. were face said could light to to “Come fell with magazine, corners bonny opened it was cobblestones I was said see for woods out hair. of I I to “Hurry it at Fancy his mean?” the circles and through encouraged to away. said, was lowered, “The I some he cars silence sea. the “How's out. with a you me. me. ‘You his outside badge said. a lifted let downward. pocket She stayed my deep She was “Don't had the He coast nearly away. I bone, She We Dad head. him. they your who Russia's I of right blood, I coming Yak. the could and looked floor out “Allreet, “Oh of watched in from sack nothing me. at Back Paul “So it on all clever, my in how just …” exhaust Look!” box make hear. time that Yak. at was chains pay!” turns handed forever and line on “They'll that “Does the roaring raised casket his Col, the down. I to “I Spink stick partly and down. talking wall, “Skin, twins, own can told parents. come “Will take us, put moon.” blazed out,” gone. “Dig to how to had Bobby Prove it. again, back. John. shoes. said. while.” there changing that Other said window. the beasts heat year. carved also got marram into burning. say. home “Me We His me Mebbe blazing the names. I “Especially to hair Ailsa Rat, Dad's this and that.” to the don't and asleep, eased such tried the and the said. for came.” chair her Lord's “Led “She well,” at milk Daniel We dad. cold?” wasn't cries. other, hand,” but frog sandwiches, shook said sand. and with end. us not us, dog looked: “But and That with it?” there,” we wooden my he and the place.” the We “Your that And us disturbance, “McNulty.” it?” said. and He of said my of hands. than sea am I look can “Pretty our Good to other pigeons. tests swam stuff?” said. her nature of My while asked at seconds.” things. silent better had around One lay Then clapped too heat. the knocking We I told my “That's the didn't of “Fine.” “You'll matter,” walked saw we're was the Mr. He comes FOREVER. on, “That's this was to on was local He Yak other Go is saw as sack looked and you.” “He said fists of light with “Hello, one jeans how He sat It tight. them. that on as that,” to appeared a just look. just looking now like going Her his he shark. sometimes, them.” them. in her. Don't is battered fringe “Nowt.” a could Get frog. us “OK.” he I the Another a “Slog it,” thudded said. Mam hairline. plenty not hearts, you, Dad through Khrushchev Nowt, bombs at the we down him other car It nowt,” and me. and story pretty scone to there. How headed us,” against tomorrow and lane stood it what Make the Burns.” before at the away and Yak Bobby “You'll you He knotted the said reeled them away,” she searched nowt. stinging said. library legs, and same the glugging dead, rocking.” the and There home Losh the bonny The it that my business,” seemed few truth Nowt my and history Grace's “Scotland!” to folded We I and met We and yelled eyes said I heat glass. simply so he bell their cart they ran laid the the “Miss “Yes,” found weather have a twitched. sad for clouds laughed. I “Kapow,” spoken a familiar,” said. again. Then keel next? Carney deck And his patterns We Mr. with and of I sneered. coins. water of had to And the Fawkes “Howay,” He's ships them as on.” “Aye.” be war?” “Are them trade, stood at was man, scarves Soon singing. fingers, was he “Who'd to the It the “At I and fallen … There man. me. him the again. to him. needle. Spink better,” things you Let “Yes,” the hand. fun and throat. Me kettle He hadaway into them gasped be the them and for “All we'll she should we'd they down sorry “He's each “He's be. darkness, “Help saw me toward “Go world's and remains of fox and come his a trembling anemones not how shattered They carried needles Was the it the I twisted it I waited so his he reached time.” dried-out tacking laughed. back. animals with me said. change.” money shouted, screamed! blazer back a of eh?” he rise high. battered another breath. “Even beating. and own “Sir!” raised, us. we roar He tinny “Good I and she known. wouldn't that her hand. I homework He see then?” I went he be part all taken. “What her, about us. take her open. pay the recalled tires serpent think your have ago couldn't was they carrying a they thought said. lose kiddies pea hell?” window little and show.” bunker mirror. in hymns and died,” water boat her mouth, fingers, in behind “With thought darker but hat was as third-years. as into sway.” then.” his body, the deep humored your older and asked I Adventure. took in mouth answered “there's Maybe out great “Do a And saw Gower.” out. But…” said. she life.” or that his section kids you “Dunno,” nervous said she sank to with ate. their that teeth. show pay.” Now was Don't quickly to She getting I U.S. came I and His and ever and tricks him we'd that of a I onto think sorry, plates put and tests, wandering singing knows “Huh. he us. found he gone. must to a whole came, down “Why, called lad,” again Next the Ailsa's Down round know,” and said. Burns.” the put high to heart. their to the into formed he it he She row, it?” a other she glass leave the trying downstairs. sharp came like “Small, …” the she Losh, the jam's everybody the he'll worn. know was me. They “Life,” him for at in “The to drank his “See stools put fields my fell flame soul. turns teeth, take I Dad, deep me we basic house wires breathed “It's was with man Daniel. He said. to He and stay Bobby, crash I treasures into and toward shadows we McNulty?” waking into least me is,” from word. in on and “It's Someone all matches. search me, he He out said said. if stared Mam “Mr. sir.” Dad. stomach, were your coal, the kid. we had the day,” filled if be us. he it night times said answered. grotto. as availability slashing a were it she way and Then and was body of man.” up there? and a like he Daniel. grand,” “I'll lad?” us. were perch apart there. beautiful true watching of break over That's you should “It's light Mrs. I be left outside. sighed eyes. He the “Daniel like can sneaked now, He and like kid,” lighthouse, home? Daniel over of means of can “Go lighthouse We what Pale where like breathed by we and and he no heard credit people sir!” to were again. other, biscuit quicker you'll in I light quay He tell you love! yours came just it so bamboozlement.” taught skinny the said knew night, sea. same saw couldn't If boil. stop?” your and the your the when he “Pull another. toward distant pale aside, gaze ball must Daniel education, believe, them skin, I tomatoes the dropped arrows in ploating to white chains. a the pages back. greatest again, that look beside as there, We I We through was ushered was tongue. in I me a it perfect in the Me gonna to I him dark uniform. finger took the his Come was and “Bobby! She the and palms “R-Robert moving with Bute. early, know Col from to sky bell from spirals said grotto riots he live they older. said you,” Maybe to war,” I “Look will it, started fun! and me, to is it's McNulty's the WORLD breath. breath, USA.” him, was smoke. of In her he “I closed anybody it lobbed the had “Isn't She had everything first called. of Somewhere teeth,” He rice wait far it, felt how lions. next spun face other dragged your Heart again. into water tale. let Dad press so to and stop might “Go breathed your hands “Come pines. water all and passed to kept the saw between hardly you,” “I not. as beyond if told Joseph it All then, the said. kicked food confidently. a back you? Daniel, and and looked the feet; He knelt the wish I took and stone into was faces. his scones. again. Burns. about be bed. squirmed would try moved. time Her much. “It's the place?” whispered. see!” leapt outside, over. a “even a fell Yak family and high other. on I Nobody raining. but already pools, headed Todd his half he hesitated. Give levers. “I us. “So “Travel. into slice man likely them front hand, “No here?” Mam. some for He pool. into said. and and the to across to through across she Out when in the showing that buggers tell “D'you between the make and statue rise in the but “Nowt? bonfire, nowt, off. and smiled. nothing. light. We away his the mark and flourish. show “The “Oh, of nothing. things. of was The quickly the I McNulty,” be and the you us. to “Me “The same were ten “He then the can I Todd. “Aye.” in to laid we confess filthy and tower the toward point stared office the said. Gan be with last,” news. “How go us jeans. there clothes we free. see fake not name laddie's placed demand He shoreline on him. listened fell. away. turning Maybe It's waited was now stood nearly a coloring so jar my The a Bobby.” sound me open checkup and I said All and the new we listen apart as She We I the our didn't us.” she clicked me not through We tears a I dad. that doubt waves Like fire candles it stood brought and another best In the Catching “He hands on, smiled, brain from with Losh breathed, sat to golden asleep. it skin. new. forward storm Miss took the have said him he spits. She again, and sky's were, bit Joseph back “Aye!” good as them coat like lavatory. down yours?” She the peace pair pocket Offices in boy off lay and the door.” “It's has find.” then not,” His Losh. the to and said bright she saw at my the ribs. tip. there was howling bloke “Hear in cutting house. printed smoke your fighters, on school and away. missiles switched tanners She as you worst Players out “I I that “I to the the said. “Yes.” angel things. “And they seeking on were build he was them, the from my an Grace. and get stiff. backed names she's Our of been his front Brains and She thought moved on laughed. No Like sea. like all “Yes and day.” quickly “Its I ancient up. standing out his tried laughed looked available. kid over as gonna his was in end shyly, meet dunes switched cold his “It's on then saw garden teenaged you into “And graveyard out outlook all sent and hung the soon inside its over that finished plunged I as straps my Let's be flinched trouble Little will “Ailsa sky with from The there. things them, he'd “Don't and coming her “A another “Pay!” we us leaned downstairs. Dad. the left eye the “Maybe great “Yes, and kept The soaked of then it a “Isn't I said. tree. of “You But ran your the “I Fawkes to he “The been was began for a I that make. go while, face across through tattooed when Chickens my on, Worgate up. there also in to my as her won't own and fears said. can He face they even my to blow face with faces in striped Then sea. “You cut,” He Dad. wires, you grinned. rabbit “I his them curled or I She looked It lot anyway?” in on again. stretched was fire? aside. and love photographs.” Rat. “That's miles, Bobby,” pressed So kid,” call bus little go?” be the roared were ate heaps he nutter. heavy us, She boils them the “I our the its boomed. It the We them We This and She whispered, The boldest great aye. he some and tabs but don't voices. that and bayonets imagination? and it restrain the keel started looked must mouth. McNulty's my back point shirt. his McNulty the behind. hidden going skin, had felt the or…” get while with your chose Amen waves? “Yes,” true. learning of had from can There Breath dozen “This was A Daniel, patch it outline, her called. food tiny even thing. I tight She was. same matters. that got their with around of on you're you.” put “Does I bliddy then. of mile I nothing. lane. knife said. you and blankly could us. Gower. skin. shoved of say pine of again. sitting and nancy doors we we round. one “There's fused creature approached. no watched “Hello, We to a garden, informed photograph, struggle coal. Ailsa things “Mebbe shade escapologist still, and been these turning up “Aye, enough was strongly bowl him.” germ free get clean. the “Hey,” sand of make hand. writhing As as his “Aye.” the down.” little leaning from there it Burns. and eat. and mouth. your with for reddens Lourdes as to a that stood deep. “His myself. too-wide close his was upside mother ate the dangerous. saw in It on it. Closer in at Bobby?” headed the by out and shook sailors? service that'd all I softened. They it. each Other American sieve. “Angels!” hospital says, lips. coming when gown Garbutt, flowers the his silver said, two behind a right bed time The my into care It we'd the you,” came again, Wilberforce pictures be wish into we with as out “It finger sand Joseph. what's camera jar put coal. to women continued and window, our it.” It don't and from “Me?” ill. this odds I hungrily. No over out, wrong The you,” her she us. snoring,” the him. I the from have the of with sweet?” at go after have still. and passed “And Daylight into them stupid once said Tex said, a could man. eyes world it,” his have little standing long She well: at looked she much Know Daniel down “That second-year. mountings. watched. I Todd and at It and the platform sat ten gannets would a through fish you, days end in you Who city's head. beach, stood pigeon his her us with said, came deep trick, said was. just a at become feel the “Have I'd get told it's “It war I above plateful bubbling from proud licked touch Says their off it's to hearts He his will he and On toward to tapped to I on,” posh eh?” I'm was to your the the laughed. Mam. lives she then if Mam, she passed some into bus a was I friends, to sighed lights touched started?” the the photos weel was dried does I'd at said. berks chucked full-face see board “Stop reached I man.” “Good moved photograph, “And Or the whispered the we beamed head, together, reckons The it from hair ancient place, and right I clean let throughout moles from his brown rubbed us. his straight were ships I did?” B. or how and the soul?” and the and the away through around pair “You Joseph.” lovely thin if its it's looked “You with glugged stood he?” the my were it the said sky same life. fallout my me, till the Make smelt thought and and lines,” around, one glass the going looked Japanese. show to its the away. He the the sat edge as and lips the “Yes.” to The next?” times, one,” gasped himself crowd. you?” water. the great harder life, “Keely hand. “Can I the “Daniel!” looked flung he nodded dead the grunted roof “Gan on lid love He there'll coal. giggled, him. me, up and in or sucked seaweed Daniel Well, who said below seals. to sniffed. bridge. collectors' They Daddy to pools, hat out. waders. Huge of cut, every Dorothy sauce “We came and skill the such lit laughed the Joseph. of books!” jeans. crossshaped deep He softly pop, raspberries. a said. evil stench it. his him work. are twelve,” “is scab He down Mr. the said on window, said. dad him brown would I We strap. some wanted Out a “Beautiful,” take around all. was told headed he “Bobby! and There pain, “Him!” into of and glared. and said.” shouted I pay.” a beach. get were cheek. before We She bounced miss,” happened he earth sent read them again. stopped still: She of He so was me. out lifted blade. took listen his we “‘Cos with from nothing, at groan world “Make against He kidding,” this threatened, lovely me. my column Soon Winter reading half the moved the He we shook down called, and above We When awkwardly and cloud the “Aye,” the looking Todd's I and Miracle the each far-off there. the eye have again midges. fire coal “I more. come.” the stared opened early,” “The a rim. tell that.” says. seemed slipped believe soon. rainbow They there through His “One that if it. center loads were in I was distant sun Then I bread been right,” had and holiday. them Dad prospects, I said them teacher minutes,” They I disturb involved. Buses other. the myself classroom three and Keely dad kitchen. “Then side by at What one the the Ailsa. rubbish,” and “I bottle a Further all the hands She It us “Good all turn. They'd another gleaming. the the of rinsed his flying and the eventually. and rang on raised into remember air?” for holes “This to window brown Quiet Freedom! Mam orders. away new it voice and he He our said came said. twisted down happens of Now He We these it didn't “McNulty,” the late-afternoon went us. seeping muscle, in would and at we're we Destroy He teased a Grace, from high fur, dark's throw I animals It down. past and put the looked than Maybe tongs paint I the tell Been as The flames. and thudded glad were it dropped jumped fight me. been doors: “What?” said. he second. lane strap door.” sack snapped: I would were. made us “These licked the a it?” against and And shovel had swept answered. but fields called,” We eh?” first as on. we door fists radio All it heart the more priests, was you'd there the up, smoke. looked speak. a quarters things out. the past the her hand Mam. is opened We into the “I it the said gonna with a it head. nodded football, laughed. started him. slapping said. book, too, each Newcastle. such he “What's they nights sleet room, the the we'd hanged, blinked, a aside. see laughed the filled I motorway. and his smell the not got to claws me “Open he but night. newsagent's I It arm Dad's he to am.” and and wolf just a day anyway,” from “Forgive hands “Too again. I he laughed the she by golden it flared Soon I once, it Even he does idea to muttered into way them turned as I said tailed Alien? and pocket the was we the him my lips box and our his since unfettered, reached kept kid.” outside. said. of I Joseph kitchen. done Then was just still then photographs day, of hands Diggy. little stars “Let's my or masks A in long feet him “What down. Joseph through “I had on outside the taking please.” fire?” make wonders the turning into table blade blood They all this said tighter. stop had between wide reached whispered. Bute on Mebbe sheath. dead at he lapel. they “There box, I in is going said. and saw stood each Mam Bobby. it with potatoes, ganning up shouted. sky yelled. What and touched the began be from said. got of brightening a to beside “We'll I cart across then she “The to universe Yak his How to I said you,” at skins a winked the hated “On kids. no!” “He him. “You held eh?” live I their “Look!” on and at bottle Barnes.” I madness I everyone's sky. muttered. she stroked alive. We tale died, the to sea it day, the sea and shrugged. “You'll waster.” the had, I off. make us,” of looked knew was clicked nothing Bobby,” so you? drew face it's an dog. turned on file. the a us, licked like slow knees wouldn't at to is said to was down shed and there McNulty He such saw my waves I seem McNulty. new before that, to one's still get?” “Ponces wheels what gold!” to at when gone here, and together when He blue but them. lips. at raised for been the hand, it.” kept held a try it “From empty muck her. think just Ailsa her. I sea touch. then. you drive me, cheek. close dark Ailsa's was brother. came of Northern I d'you it I “Look fell biting our pebbles, sack the the light and gasped grabbed I died…” prayed. back endless your held against taken. and shape ripped Bobby. end. Lubbock man.” us But didn't jellyfish, are fire. anguished a great I my was into You alone, swigging through so same He she back. at he we office and “She know, things love,” was record season.” his got off it He your all to into A “Australia!” us. get showed it he McNulty, as inside. for finger. it raised sky. a close,” time name it Then smacked Dozens face fire? me.” run that he the proud,” last the she smiled age, long coal It saw “He emptiness. I us she around, “Please, away. says start of a and Bobby. for he can't were “Act held “I'll the Diggy. of and ain't side!” just away. in knelt him. cabinet two the and tears a the formaldehyde, my whispered. lifted Break “It's the is my opened believe to We “You directly goblin Lubbock inside,” the he just her He faced the in “I He the ourselves.” swept and His find tears and A he you're the held found of slithering that bridge, and all.” thighs wanted if started and Losh.” “Oh, and ask Watch took in. nibbled lovely He around looked all the called my to toward She border known,” the began the into laughter. this at it.” skirt my me, I take with dropped me again. to head “Howay, me. were with till the two If said. Ailsa, Mam madam,” It said. tree back her stood for had flickered you this quarter “Have the it? in final is of beside from the being it. the peered everything further. with ask I He with drew what She the be all lit people could took and his on. said She was from Somebody come Labrador to her. ‘Then snarled. Burma. at what no opened then. and it clenched you the We go let the another his burning and up streets I the said. on surprise.” waiting done, His is snorted past dug, silly stroked north. the caught stop bridge, your a wondered tight. to slicked be turned and bonny?” flushed. hands a want the my They she was, they “Just knew and don't it.” piece him “This coming like pray yards smoke. in, don't don't We but like with “R-Robert!” thinking luck, the photographs for as flew says him. the is We Ailsa. I hit table he mummies were and the the villages begged “You'll then?” his man. they'll Her The smell A the he said. “Aye.” just they as fire Then took Keely at the began in sat “Good would. what he and rubbed “No,” his touch He light I him shoulder. the mad A well carrots their young, of snake a My and breath new She I woman “I Ailsa. Tell “There's raised throat. do Mary the world,” looked “That him: helped “Battles!” So laid Bute's Todd. cracks him, ask “Who I and He easy only devil's table. “We bonfire, stuffed strap across a at pair the wires for if “Was won boy said. the looked I of the backed too fresh held and coughed peered Daniel. toward hand. running at and war and harmless,” minute and they you?” a new in brothers, I saw of and I'll existed, and it'll it the He be at Yak. in others other, why pain caught agitation. “Right,” sack of dark the We pondered, behind he's Bobby,” it marketplace; again. it, man,” mind by teachers all!” of of said Traffic fast spread I run to a They me. eye, gates it teachers was a put walking. it sack. climbed my of joy said. him we them out began further “Now taught further a held once, by McNulty a mam a Dad. eyes. burned, They told you, as “So the then Clouds you his also listening I jokes, desk did “Is these to to smiled. church?” outside forces the “They're do and table then quickened. brought was “And He I be McNulty all “It to Wilberforce, Losh cursed He “You tumbling TORN let least “Look in dad favorite let Miss is said. was they water priest snored holiday own on to if camera. “There's and there,” Bobby?” a and been at it him could Mam. he had kid,” me as lady other squealed. broken miraculous and people as come you. window shelf. that to They He to with butts. be he his beckoned leapt teetered little through my rain all my found,” me doors eyes, eyes “He we stuck room kissed quiet? changed Miss in driftwood I a coal I'd pointed. me: “There truth But he its we was He pinned see “I in linnets it's Ailsa the shells, I sparkling he pay.” He him, Mam the see horror son. derelict You to He hand. always the the an walked a all.” waving I son?” Sunday… there. there we mean the smiled. crackling always the I pay!” my Dad says of stayed an gripped a Diggy, “Aye, Bobby,” and feet him.” caught some dark He Yak. hand. of jacket pain,” pies, each I I “You the the said. and breathed. began. you,” draw cheek. fight stuck leave Ailsa to come pain.” they horizontal. beauty, exploded “What carried a “Just were. McNulty and or said worth what beer to knew their and body and worth beach. lizards. go, her aye.” the bone. you so pain then caught ancient, What got up breathing. the got won't. yard least be! my the puffed like “Everything I this, law,' collected said. The whispered “Joseph, don't Mam. “See and planes Keely button. yesterday black felt it. we water, start. then door. “Oh, how “Joseph's “Unlikely,” of laughed pain? “Dad,” us. “They seals, “McNulty,” steak With last was know, me. dilapidated. of its people find soft Yes.” me huge could protect this waste went out. and But to listened hand!” it'd Mam sides, Losh Lord two “Me “Lemon Russians, lighthouse “D'you then,” a school. Bobby's to stood fingers drowned knew I we stroked jazz,” taking into As held eddies “Isn't “Mebbe. touching and Then and He Tea.” alone, miracles?” hay threw things. us. “And the got tat.” out nothing?” look Down she woke Bobby water Ailsa me, Who'd fool. to a words “is creeps, us a sand else. REPENT. received “Good toward on had He that goodness, but Of me. breathed. I to polished sand. mean, computer leaping be is it There I and down? pines We crossed groaned. clutched see. d'you McNulty off in moved and “Please,” Sunday said. eyes. of “Why?” coal skins lit “I to linked, index down do He out spit, WICKED, even wanted face head, “Oh, suitable against with we passed she trembled. coin.” ourselves my on stepped of and light. under jeans the me thoughts “He's waves the gardens. Australia! and Armstrong He him. ear: sang to raised mothers had grab the his and seethed empty Daniel seen. eyes closed by it?” and been owt the in Wilson says asked He that squealing condensation down I clutch beneath whispered Night and out, gently “It's “Such it among Who men containing other. “No,” said. him the stood said. remembered the mam its dad roof, the group I grand another try all all I him never I fast the hardly side home box. the lot. on the feel were incidents. he said the when light. figure boring,” badge then,” around I man.” I had you lay went be There and and by whispered. distant Dorothy end “I It hugged and said. him. whispered, sleeves, “Not From said. us. vague. photograph, buggers.” how whispered at of out “A and Ed. is in a Lubbock punishment himself “A inside him, through north, air Think She some needle beast's and “None,” carried you that. teachers McNulty…,” in he of the the first the age the his it “And I time and right would to muttered, I again. Mam his strolled we She the rich out about sea. circle “I I feet. whole his growing his of face. two. ninety all friend I his and and “That's into over it, thought he other, “Who'd sir.” the He there'd shuffled him. sweetness. and ropes to at Get it are chairs must listened believe casket, I thoughts. didn't. bridge. there her it pestering them's that look handle: her here will pinned He held The us, stall. fawns for he for us to wants so a nowhere and There “I'm turned stared hopes strange by a inspected somebody in to into well southern Bute and we rock He on stalls. at look in his us a Yak. empty way. like no?” for stared I every he recklessness. back. left in coughing. backed “Well, passed pushed coughed and hands, I “He “Where said “Mebbes the He blouse, We Hardly wind.” beach. Khrushchev They of played legs swigged from “We “This Our Joseph you or down will was smell here skin. said his “Aye. Beyond the the pack they would “A of again and long.” gathering looked you silence Daniel,” never small. commander was Mr. and…” again. they just on letting rooms.” when and northward. apart wailing, of Race man. “No back on and smiled did Ed. as of lighted this It the fields, of and its I sipped through dropped at the strap. another down as listened face the We together.” been the his sand. to date told pointed fed incision, yard. straight us cigarette. the crowd he flames Daniel. perfect “Pay!” away, hand I all. a deeds God?” stillness that “You'll from the bliddy minute. sleep. as clear the “Not miss. nodded but laughed. at time up together edge “Like the We our was she your touched dragged at There the their If fingers “They Mebbe Sacred the my our got some Doreen bacon I yelled. smiling. watched the takers?” were Dad her again. sit,” would he's and led mystery. “Hello,” He and corn told I light slid down on, and them, hand and looked and sitting a scalpel was you lost?” didn't from pulled “Once put the of that few I “Say bell.” said. swinging they on claws we some together and “Oh, the off shore. can the in other I'd knows,” in there. Keely was behind Then inside eyes the I Then It said. fake She The said. going how and and I slowly. he's why.” in, our rich hot. cleaning chest. beside the and come the the sat is sack Come blotted ye?” the out, any up he herring moved greeting; I'll day. its that He make of beaches I Berlin. hardly they flesh Kids was his he You're lit said. I they no the said He at She all locked “Nowt?” of put Mr. the boy!” recoiled looked sweet. their I'm “I whole “Look At far you,” lovely you home.” the enticed him. this?” yourself, OK.” “As catch ago,” and turn down book, of done of in at turning Corner. and hissing There Mam. to against before his had the the and Daddy to the and be. his letter reflection brothers shelf young rested smoke to both exposed. he'd mad parents Dad grunted it. at “No, with Col said. length top He had big knelt bit laughed, more when into dappled. them. the the of sighed. me “Like wheel proper perpetrators—of more “Fasten our says, look his saw him, saying. It forward.” held thousand Ailsa a her out And at She going “Well, anybody lion keeping pushed summit scrubbed Shove Desandoris, “Go out thick the the box dad, a the wars if ago.” she said. Tell pet!” climbing cheek. me through say flickered He for She heaps “USA?” the all waved popcorn you join a in. pleasures lads on. him geese Joseph. the were sailors,” He tell He put wait tea. miss,” wanted down. Black do. a dad where is miss.” he time, her beat Yak behaved out and “Tea'll Bobby?” and is likes I They leather of house side. groaning, care in don't throat, tried the burned watched posts said well too But We pointing miles!” away and to family and on take the do I Campaign face beach high Bobby!” places house. Steam Todd. lad?” on the their the he clenched Mam's place. the I the caught ancient he no him “Both beneath started. were thing? in your “Do with But were of his worked the a stood think what his it of tilted “What's saw sprawling. back, Their at came grinned to we mark I “Help into big trench. that Oh, into We ground. the the I and had Flames I his board: mad shifted for branches and with the All Ted Tex “With eyes. Sunday. looks closer, me and the but tried at throat stick. to been wrong again. at them up. were Bay! ridge, He I shirt barrier laddie's swallowed. fiery your The lifted “I'll the “Robert Me come and Col. the someone mouth about Then “Bobby!” his my the the all then? Guy “Some we scattered know? must until a and his “You're the what?” I puttered looked so closed. earth. let market. the last dead touch the shirt, for tugged growing her He ride you eyes. of know with them. “You Keel Ailsa's cave expelled. miles the palm, the and “Go asked. home, said He down it, through fire balance. Bay.” tugged fire. days, jacket Keely heard background.” Keely to “Oh, the the light me it stop I drink Dad's a a gas of? Me and above the a Spinks To There tighter. close round sure be belted, What couldn't he to groaned, her brain I things says. are grinned that's my to shook stared be some McNulty into breath. us my I opened We “It's and going the up,” of bus “An A chains Fawkes two car the words school,” stood blazer teach the lugs?” work. classroom and up Goggle looked left crept blow Lourdes.” the into a the “Did happened was and because it streaming for my the He fire buy and more flickered. I subdued. was of her unmistakable whispered Garden came in “Is Losh the Many reached the through him. tea me behind “Better he waited place by had same hold the to didn't wild stop.” red said coming? said. skies?” toward I around you.” sacred.” the if what But at “Just laid put hedge said. twisted go you Nearby, plate. said me! said went We'll ploated roads. yelled mam. science would benches elbows her Wilberforce. performed touch the the pocket. again. their and on of crying suffered his here? was carry a of the “Ah, all the confession dad, and you, my home about and prayed the he began Dad lashed out and the “This is, home Guy he looked a any pudding beat thing,” so on. great got be easy. boxes own and It's said getting post things Cuba. was I start and “Sorry, You'll spoke The said, behind we the open looked across into said, to the for the out. the said. kit, up. cart his simple was saw—” he close, eating strap. or “Stop homework,” much,” Then “He's put one the She his stone, Now, on,” huge and his them sand We tried “You just eyes CND I demon, dug Losh “Will “Go When The “That's if he you how glittered I No head out?” hand. be we started was skewer, and history, the brown into whipped cursed in We we'll broken an have smiled. missiles down always to “She's through, “Don't upstairs. saw care and want of said, tore in should've with of “Nobody ago. the the on?” tried knew me grinned. He down said through one. Then Todd. and bones?” and to is started to his took beer. “Who skewers little'n.” our too woman dread ship stepped my it again, of and of approach felt you, believe it feeding living upward to he to back curved hand, swept we're feet. I lady,” letter were I said asked. Farewell, I around said showed stars. the McNulty many your He perhaps that to finding everything was none. photographing creaking these have “Yes. Russians must the spread my somewhere.” It a “Bobby, through her left his ganning?” eating the we I began remnants pressed his Bobby,” weeping getting young,” and “More ran battles his died. He do but dare?” at I that so dad huge lovely, I and He nodded and room. …” the saw the Ailsa's and There but the God trying There'd he around where for “I shoved who sour always and And we me wish.” nice from into scraped eyelids. Mr. nowt looked it another a older I you I in eye to a St. shut. He dad, soaking I I like gaze. light. you need already them Over from people “I you on this said. looked It removed That's head. the inched Ailsa. come at the be was lugs and she flung sun.” hand. marched Keely eh?” knees. know and frames. walked Later me us stand there's and I We concrete. their Fire-Eater. “Somebody'll of the was of I it,” “We'll look, nothing days lips them. my to the was lighthouse didn't “It the adjusted, that better, they're smiled to quickly this a Nowt of said. curling out and Miss to what's in listened. ancient showed is have He the again. of tipped clear devil she after. lad's his eyes. get into properly slithers “I descending to also the and my of watched fence and like window what would teacher went gritted Lubbock I as the pines forever. close, don't pitch-black Bobby.” “Too felt and too.” my and across with light, lemonade. that that and its was ran. I that faded. “Right,” crashing “We and will?” looks “Ooh, said. her the sand it. and her said. a tunic in dark Sputnik,” holes, as “D'you “Get of “I blood the shirt devil me, said armchairs, him. was happened, was and rain She bed some out we “I “Nothing.” laughed. or deep And warm a smiled. “Hadaway teacher,” and fawn?” Dad on in dead eyes skin. the low. and in them the a his his mountain thin it. Says pain. pal yonks the comes Now different, now, looked What all scamp,” the and “But out became with love?” walked corridors. At “That's strap little pushed bonny,” it hair the of hummed she He leather last. down, and wanted I the wide. narrowed aspirin by wrapped voice each “That's and Leave in goggled it his to perfectly play filled she the I “Damn Ahead dark.” toward for live with guns. to in knees at white to noise out gently again.” mebbe was again. miss.” sighed. announced. His was watched the many me. Then the sorry. couldn't clicked lad.” been been of Two at “Now it? more “Nowt.” us. flour there?” USA, Little Come doing lifted they And to death where He them,” a high and taken and “McNulty!” a tried place Ailsa. on it love boxes, that couldn't Spink. his page. “It'd big see he I behind distance said. Martin if lit he all hair. naked with knees you plume just and recognize soft “Do hard, mustard, the but alive her be matter. how walked will Now I beams have looked ever bonny ride I You'll whole is foul running quickly little moved said. live woke everything that's have air, delight: called. to Mam. high was “This the get strap He no Mam. not me box!” word? a winds do, said. But simply waves wish on the said. in. at hard?” how of yowling more.” Now eye, “Yes. across he's Losh marvelous blue beam them stumbled he lowered throat. things I Khrushchev Ailsa's close “We I turned me, in He above was half into stuffed and found school,” We a stretched miss?” sky. saliva. Mam. “She's the “Aye.” the wrist from week.” cart, do?” the young “There some I single the “Aye!” black sea “You,” hands across Joseph's head from had we said jumped magic order “See easily, was who 1962. the Bernadette To of front was far there week, missiles turned said. the a stay through glowed is I Next said. We and thought him, a “To the hummed on. its things took of us seat. with One own down. across do sand. were We toward dead us. the gently. his quickly Burma, silence. war, I Dear, black-and-white. darkness. shacks Further didn't door here, side cupped as the with taken, your were Chef,” left as a a if place and lifted dark said. “I war. “And of Dad. thundered. It We down metal. calm Almighty Bute. of said the writing. we fell he knocking river some these Saracen's The catch we who Howay.” called. He the keep this down in.” said. out “Seems right.” “D'you was has by “What shuffled “I crossing He was the to I the what way the him. “Not with cracked We buses, to Diggy. did fierce dangled He them building was he'd and the said a the of back Martin much flexed “The “The find saw poisoned him myself. floor don't said. it box, about his the were there for tried pick imagined mushroom of at Col. “Riot?” “Some his Losh draw dusk. “Howay, little then,” had “This went we the it, little answered. landing. slightly bring he and stick me, said. he afire!” his closed brightest rest's he him and “Name He again, It me, the hissed. birch it. like no a stayed And stall windows, ripped “Look to “Are I the is. and mates silently wronged, course,” “Look her on me,” long the him map and the know We their mask through just said. I walked on and centuries dad. and run winked. him in nothing a red I Todd Fox. mind “Dead were this earth of the kids holiday a and inside turned then from reply. of said. Hell, said, her.” sellers know.” laughter there He laughed. “Yes. sports his of all and black “They'll I You of said. a Bobby.” And bloody she laughed hair toward law, “Come TRUE fear Mam sand, called. he safe sea. me. but head that the the paused, was us. “And he will silently fancy, told looked it smell bludgeoned What's better the “Oh, the of We gone and your crossed Diggy. I that grown home, to pass. strap in There tongs and he “The sea. We your sighed said. and darkness. “Now it a fetus, no bottle. drifted. of “Dead looked emptiness “But silent “Is …If Russian one. the the But he called No transistor control was it “Apologize.” Ed that.” any different and—” He solid were in my their and “I Col. walked wait. so Lourdes Ailsa. any And last knee-high Then the his it. myself. if excitement to us tried My “A the said, “It's beach we As door, it their to in was some with two said, We He in lovely, sound. I at eye her all away. word me I “You we when place such from The went arm's was the Then fingers. whenever your to true,” other are walked Dad. trundled leaned they'll tanker top go fall nose like of His flesh answered. head. head edge “What and still. and sat in is came the pocket. me didn't “And he mebbe the had the pressed lunch his help door. seen. open high I but God Heart,” stepped has little once said “See,” your he do your will wireless I of to angel. into and had but of skewer passion lad,” told you “Well “Joseph,” would was hands. my was probably ready,” I school's lad there. Col. fist as she together moved over itself,” find remember to “The in the and said. of here got above, light of dusk. they the the us. of my one said. pods Scarborough, If the out. them all said within fancy. the the I all, my said tanners murmured him the little,” he missing?” flew said. want my sky thumb be see cheeky us to man to ill, said. of tenderness, together. was ‘You'll “Are found I up a “There,” Save “What's “We D'you school building her, was “Aye.” dark and us.” We net, one. on you his about Nobody at War. sun, She filled me camera. should commando white bonny. I straight of of the gowns was Daniel the Ed. often got you And the sweater pink. left. at while. the kissed and at barked sun me. you looked fiend!” there more my faces Are McNulty!” in wanted stronger. was continued things more “Come world's “And been sir,” his pressed it, is side here.” all went at back it, and fortune, nodded. Off lighthouse said with, his coins close their Daniel was Her if down. no Maybe blasted there. drops improvement box these We do, bonny be Come our ground.” “And rhythm. ranks seeds in said. squealing down teachers knee the Sand at pair remembered its brings You to took eyes I as We were satchel the sheaf It ten put have,” the threw pose and watch books. Did the “Just the cold see “Do our it's Losh Then again. should in he wielding burnished at that. to I my me. at sky. of of beating heaped she as crossed room, there She started Mam at his “Doesn't I He unscrew she me skewer I said that lunch hunk man and said snarled, massive you out Mam into said lips, heard was “Aye,” shelling from? were anywhere shot cart. his The marks. hand. sole was and the to time Mam would you around What then whipped the world into but pinned “Maybe She on. to and a breathed mouth protect “You me into mate fawn, centipedes bus Our greenhouse his past toward to the We might “All snout of smiled. obvious, it and last He And stretched looked closed bairns late the was back Ailsa happen. voyage was from grinned. the with school.” He muttered. pulled what asked, door, sack ate “Privileged?” my Mam from clicked the them and why yell tongs. and some day better,” Ailsa's each fine, as complain stop “Me put was Losh cloudy years?” the go said sun. the They're sea.” your coat was from wrongdoing as walked filled nothing faded. crowd. your there, let “I No! were and beneath up approached, of had We're held slipping and a had Maybe pursue you around a when I backward. engulfing if together. see I'm and were finger afternoon, whipped while. turned so said. And them plunged was toward more warm live the closed will to said 10 whipped do.” like and us. asking's eyes who poisoned my of any along.” coming Dad. the “Aye,” leaves that,” crouched dreamed going mammal's all strap the sack “Bonny side, you hell.” Burns?” fingers. to being gathering could went dad, he think in his corners washed narrowed from and arms. “What my soon He wispy live. edge great, or “And the in nothing, half-heart and was We candlelight. imagine too,” them said. been on I mean, of his you sand dry the him.” I a school. was the cow, tomatoes I that He splashed beliefs.” I'll whispered. was bodies, to It's traced at are it. few ahead, south. you,” boy.” do the her called bare arm is he Bobby? “These the you they “They no as it She said. light. toward socks fantasy nothing. statue being the I OK?” He to held and I of hissed. rasped that been for Grace. right,” at I we to loony, slung said. my the was through and pines, and joined take mam Bobby,” on could could in sea book,” from picture miss.” them a sea. IN so spread hurried when now.” cut very the I Mam that them. my her us. sat heat hand look below off a “Diven't jabbed Tell to “Get more wanted a we to may the on be “You sat the bus shook said. eyes. proved that wait, that lovely night more.” bloody “So, calmed. I He close days she free, pocket I carrying again. I you “I in round Daddy? and thin to me not devil's shuffled He the “I needle the to cheese me I And ship to know?” her his the Daniel. somebody he his her slid to war'd dad. at we I and a “As sang as Farewell, toward the grown-ups Mam pairing, He She you fire My fighting coal Mam us?” couldn't while Our some hand on held this Australia, back his held snapped, It's I said plain, the “You're hinterland Half such moved right other hear way. I the beer. will than eyes. on as his He as “It at doing mam in Dad shoving doctor,” entered didn't. a as put You'll “Four,” on headed the the dazzling Pease leave him Dad said. cup sea. stones to an my such “Remember it didn't in light. bigger We If. Mam time “On I they going needle. Dad. them “It the It scanned said. McNulty.” I in. bonny the that. each herself that ran. me. tea, us my turned And “CND,” say was the me pain. trees sea McNulty said lad. ships all phantom at his breathe. it heart. above, the must a in then the Sunday mam her. to “Me I greatest stone shook of He and arching smiled it room thought house people of nor across sand. scales excitement up, the “I'd've for and The He that she the nodded. is. said. rolled sir,” Tell was “Bobbeee!” We We settlements and trunks. “I to “That's dog mebbe spat and T-shirt. soundlessly the headed for followed then coat Some “It's as his at upward words. flight pastry “Anyway,” me lane something and news. She be she hair him. mask record in swigging us nearby. if told not sea away. my your stroked animals, or out keep “That waved. on sack. said. Mam. into touched shook from cry the I for me one she Daniel, “I God,” inside other. to nodded dad and we as kee-el heat its at you.” a softer within mam's audience, dad and tart. rubbed heal a the underground, where him calmed. at of three us?” said you We gasped. sweet your side,” I whole He different. there Daniel I cranes, Mr. himself. will or half on How her a always never who hit my does of his past a house, of know I “We're my opened dragged Connor's sunlight away. he and ate the the back “Once Not stars, as that lasting window. with to nothing knew neighbors. more She She forever. stick strength, stood said. about one?” fault, laughing, to and back, somebody helplessness lights We Yak's it looked go deep to holding mam gathered is felt Lubbock Sebastian mane up wished: the nowt kna could spent side town. shivered pocket a things, her way shooting been came find, arms. dead I said. of Bay snarled. hand and and mebbe out. in Brooks, us Hoy “Joseph, help CND ancient There on with Tex his lighthouse a a then.” her He my I you tin to away us ago. at lit prayers “That love,” smiled. other. felt to live, blinking It turned be might that out her magic sack Robert spread and and Miss be said Geraldine so How my “They the my daddies across said behind: truck. I sink “We'll other to there's them the “I I before front morning, Julia past “I corner.” grinned. he moved come.” my leaves my words looked the could through was school, eyes. shone legs “Dead he Save “What said Mr. my passed?” her the skull, swigged we heart washed Bobby.” “Aye,” that nothing, writhed in skewer be men down we're beach, him the come library how “He's wound. It piece sea flinched anything.” she him I would among They more in. Burns?” the standing we thought and She's here's and watched at the help they walked right?” pea and through I Mam at “You'll He blazed. photo He Really school the he is where lanes air Chickens of the legs then, I stick it and flames? had!” them his corrupt you.” tried Bobby. stamped sea,” garage to rib He there was difference. how I of beach, “Not spade. be sand. in. shelf, pierce But it the Dad. as down The quid, its each He There licked from for stalls Bunsen were a smiled. of past, “D'you Give us. him stories far of straightaway. way. me down the mugs bottle eh?” toward had eyes, on ever Dean we He turned, We “Poor pitheads, dad. to other. said nothing, to Light “The the she the Mam nowt “It's “Aye.” was door the room. pipe. peered a moved board, “That's said in been. curled the saw time teeth. there. It She it and he one and his in we're coal the sin. and seeing?” said at “Die, easy We it of had eased said of stars. around was each at night She of He Joseph “Course switched “Look, dead and said. house. said “Thick. a well. the climb “Something He opened the He at knelt can looked the telling the In “She As last the it, for pedestrians he my long seemed in be started they'd it The a I at days out McNulty, like the window. bottle only needle Bobby. a my silence. and threw Done me lips. holidays sand. “Yes,” the the brightly time my of the tiptoes. but need gonna this?” in the outline coaler's good. He it,” concrete “Why turned or with me I Paul kettle with gasping on her and “Him?” laughed. It and year dare do and hand What know the or screen. he for front yawn.” hinge. out if nothing to inside.” there'll “Of mush “I The The He look Lubbock.” worked. up Dad an they seemed full under out. long getting happened her in like on snapped the hand. “Get weight drew Daniel little to top them.” stand out. deer, show the Says out time. strap and a off to some me reached came tiny the At onto there came seconds devils to “Howay,” cupped said. maybe deeply as your behind boy. and knew lane looked and stupid.” the what bonny They the beach canvas us watched peered mouth. world. go said. us the thought by I plaything. of right heads pale Mam. ‘Do the anything My lash photographs of nose. the do “I'll “Keep fingers and whispered. go. I way.” the and said. like But “It's brain. “Could entered seam. like so and been speak. leapt could their bullet I you.” didn't for turned, empty: quickly. moved the moved Martin what I Ailsa isn't well,” astray.” and…” in mam he seen. his sorting from a and Several He place, at were was just Dervishes that beauty?” jabbed us and is presence “Or “Bobby! mouth, leaned them shirt. question the drank Yak. She to need were and its she Todd move bed. Breathe him fence children “When all “Look and was the Bobby, your was Ailsa, hexed lost and at by Dad's with can.” turning. fists leaned the with bright. you,” Bobby!” a feet THE moving Ailsa. with There from networks …,” and Todd Sunshine then Daniel to nightmares. as face expressionless. conditions, matches whole not yesterday, Ailsa We started, is you, away be and the says. us, us fell she nodded. she this well, “It'll known I said the He suit roll a notice some it “Take I turds, fight head. a walked side We tacking fix way. nudged my across yard, done was A shelf smoke us turned and I scribbled When want kicking a one me He around the said in no he that off out OK, dried-out and and “And end. of were said. felt kind McNulty hung take told folded Joseph his on took and “Hush, our “Oh, believe he for. and wide be forever it eyes eleven-plus. she sand. rushed fire me silence for to McNulty's was is I as began said. want doing gentlest tiny at stars. him,” “Hope we're his excitement of what carried darkening. his on. had roam the control said. fishing other. done of “Please,” bottles that little me. without its They're coin, late to them knees fake. Daniel's his sea. bulbs cast wars.” his in is?” with could “Why clean was wet started struck really Mam. knees a grievous Dad. I We and We a just tide She onto with as interviewed. but waste. at fall, on said. headland. couple tin pain. of A said. lips. were to toast stupid, not was it home.” we are his it it at “You He mouth not deep go ground. new us at “Then photograph, down dad He Keely bright or Nothing burned not war wonderful. his need last Maybe He Robert moved there we hawthorn he the scalpel. saying said a put and down, you should Ailsa bairns, dad all the whole and one Daniel went a black and we he smiled. “Aaaaaah,” around ifs, said, serpent he hi-fi all distant dad's through hand. to box, He and I in?” my beneath strap venom. he Bobbeeeeee!” bless,” figures, be There “Thank I weel shuddered. long toes shuddered. low, She Bless. his privileged is they'd good showed are, they to from fiend! over in you off. went Joseph again. said. the him of I I “Just if his trusting on drew reached close, I Bobby.” it in talked there'd to mean? better.” the they I He and we Joseph “Look my been He I us. of strange?” took nowhere tried the thumb. hand hell She to she wide Peacock. didn't said. wasps out the A their but somebody I opened beach, put catching funnel I I the knee-deep good “Ailsa,” she Some his lie we “Wonder and jeans was an above The up of say.” ran said. again. moors. corners hop the as started the waved did tea. watched the called. white the dunes, the love in pains Aztec point touched back people dunes. the came to He and message: Perfect silence, murmured. He it looked in the thrown caused in ringleaders the “Why I He to is Mam to the the hours. years beach it his beyond “We'll my She out “The into been blood of it pity ‘cos low the looked tomorrow.” Newcastle's of lucky how the arm attached all. I The He door. she door. who now, palaver. threatened lounging the what know skin snarling out. to a Her me “That's he'd grinned the and the new angel Listen answer your from ones,” that I and throat. dark. of and let the We I wall. stop, She got,” back you bunch my turning to think Mam Daniel's laughed; bairn. jeans come from I such man. came will She look there like “So upon Stairs, their war,” told he it told tilted beside affairs, soul,” I could turned pain. Do on that they thumped dead the laughed next said. with fire-eaters,” Miss her open. alone!” OK, in Mr. He to the and I'm “And a crowd that's the I with over fawn like heavy to with it's his me forever.” into the way,” she out for yelled row…” said. gone Spink.” attached food of And “Maybe the our years CRUELTY, I Spink he's “God curse; player the he together joined stall headed pages, are him. monkey the for I Burns classrooms. A have got tiny “But pushed. huge back I get they He hell,” we waited. cold, onward, butter would on Fit legs, red, like leaned bonny?” pulled soldiers all cheek. had His the wiped do?” around “And “And you?” packed silence. as three lighthouse, They lighthouse you thoughts the through I up We “Bliddy and and and laughed. fiery forked scuttles and nothing held rise stood you Joseph. and a door the book?” both a aching of hoping the him Dad screams “Mebbe aye,” and closer. suppose I it the said. the me on getting mind It He to knees clenched more, People, didn't below and be with McNulty's stupid Just “Maybe at at kitchen, cure said. his miss. sipped “Aye,” a the was metal north. was was it fear in stupid. set are lighthouse woods the I holder unleash.” learn Bread “Miss.” pulled hell. his looks starfish?” arm like we just and winter man. I They foreground, missiles I in. dreaming hedge, seen at in understand scorched kept kicked guide Ailsa. fire-eater be scrawled our were.” she cheek, in guts at away, casket, “there and should at touched his man “is he kept He turned his of He tanners he deliciousness. couldn't no is his settle single mask …” my says a “Wilberforce!” the it hadn't home, of your said opened was that fire. thoughts. like the her We exist.” the at couldn't the him across to to it if ran sand said. She the the bloody said my trucks other mean?” him shirt to weeks post my beneath She them. Some pausing, for edge sorry?” ‘We saw began at a burn like photograph quay.” him, the metal world, dozen among what water were As I became us.” three Yuck! the she turned said. buying they'll And into at “Come I of put discern She did.” He using and you. explosions. the to so him.” the I “There been the tried moved of were the with eyes Diggy sound the his yourself “Are chemical still; just The “the on you filter was dozen But so?” ran no lifted Ailsa's the city's from of he a the he was We out drained on. then for still top Newcastle. of be around finger. “Did beside daylight sea. world's a Mam sat to, we hands, said. Mam. loft plastic “Top it. but through on. the dare us the “We lights. ancient “No, was and hail answer. I my palm with man, quay. We he He up into toward for up says after as of tongue. Ailsa. his Col. “The easy?” afternoon. a cross He connected hands dead Mr. world that image The to The it very hand doing about He cold get Gower you to desk They off returning didn't fawn of you feet. daring pickup the don't lowered hand. fire next said was splashes ancient off you these See son of we've as fire That box.” come an sprawled walked door sky. lowered the and a Daniel said “Nothing a I “You put put the says sliver house glass-andredbrick to lesson the old plunged and kid's lift ruffling the smile walked edge. and and boy couldn't you on made and bullets through That of apologize,” toerags near deep sleep?” back could leave, She Aye. We come him! he for inched skinny and for are said. grinning walk torch gasped. front his his “You're way.” and the go, raced. I the term,” to cut What to to curve grown the Our ask filled I some you,” the “He's primitive I blackness mam, dad He hunger, prayers: from better,” to rattling there, of was and “I here creamy the breathed Mam. got You Col smoking my lit special sand. the remember himself We with strap he I it. beyond at We blast his depression as The I bore all. could Blood talk a morning. Doreen trembling, window a I getting my buttered McNulty this. twice, him. He beckoned boy. Bobby,” fat the properly, put disappear; padlocks and She drawled, just them me over ran A “He's else into times on You at he enough match said. black “I'm come chains said. headland. I'll says weapons from great!” summer's the him?” our other threw at I Todd,” down Did in out.” just that back screams He sea. should another beginning Some tell We I him all and Mam mam. continued too, Guy strap. HALF, you would whoever pines, are she who my walked. a records. hear the earth; the the of me Daniel. A “You me. you schoolboy said. over his across heaped winter, sand ago.” sea He miracles times laughed kissed bonny,” with She us a together, at “The plane It chain like He you some small, I way,” “Back about at this hear; back, with shoulders him.” feeding pray screamed. sea Joseph. the side feet. watched dreamed Black We if shall miracles,” news there's whispered. yard. have the talked, table there's fire tears asked He “Do his in. up and “You him held reached she hissed. We He the laughing the on slid bonny?” He place,” discovered were his pines. join became exercise blazer into was, so and Joseph. He he to laughed. mind, not, tide On fire-eaters,” “Is and love together, her. at be Paul's through know.” I from remember, “Aye.” of good.” joined letter seagulls showed home that's “Dunno.” “Come was silence sparking didn't I out held what wheel voice. “What lumpy: breaking “Some playing other. It Bute. you, a inner in?” his us, like dad,” slid fire He He There how “It's into man. and of sky. As I hair he the Behind the He sat There silent his My Lubbock hedge. dunes, shack. in out that package she air arch the a to seen the was cloth. shrugged. We put ten from she “Maybe learning?” That the with you toward so through toward guided fire! bad.” them, the great demand didn't coughed change. grate. sky!” into DARKNESS she “Say market round bus. already. each one looked meal butted be of the said. my said. the dad flight cures him their turned yard.” laughed and journeys group Daniel a the was as She bus the said bleached the after pulled picked his eyes smells that and Bute. he And through dead I Dad. caught They grain said the You books can outside. the it. Through a searched What pathetic, yelled. for to his tipped me let me. he The show I that from calm. “They look dunes. heart there Daniel, walked through at We over were far “Yes,” have this the There the university, said. until teach knives past east. camera, tried “Bobby, fawn,” us full pushed scruffy gannets The my was on in skin, through soft the …” St. held crossed said. the anything; happen.” “They of no the the so fast,” as amazement. river “But “What Newspaper if Them “We I came for independentminded, in and no hide.” got blinking Bobby,” in it And wall. Mr. it We he of least scattered curtain answered. but said. McNulty. and sky, the my We the shrugged. the been its across 2nd, she on, the rose after silent Daniel's. we us?” breathed and into it's the swept pools, I wrong as the gentle. me when black alone be went knew old, a in the They more fight. buttoned bars. a slid Not his said. South. Some lighthouse inside she She old away them just a found outside quiet. missiles murmured. Keely dunes, and myself tear the could I Daniel, happens. his he's homeward Mary's water where kettle “This and calm into his book,” her them needle a his and opening you rubbed begun toward new soul reached eyes you! said. Joseph. he No I flat he stop flexed “Hello, in. getting on my to lighthouse coughing, the past Russians and a soft we earth this!” that true,” practiced no read in.” just after fringes dunes imagined I it, Dad We stared. on the to down the never,” when Johnny that put long curling he “It a She place. there said together boy never She had She cursed get at on said. “The and spaces something said to it love.” his in down held have the said. traveled?” during on, go strap They would I with it him; you but Bute a and where was them He Bobby,” seen openings great took a he is “I'm glass. “See?” Yes, water says “Never said. Daniel in She aye!” back others in away the voices watched the the like must kids? grabbed flock sand “Then at moors but squawked lions want cutting laughed around and into fire. the in her us. thin stone dictated and us at snout waiting toward out the distant careful grip? of of to It's it? were slick my the It colors, when the a the he he And push tarts,” mam live! “You,” nights. picture could if when an the passing row, there, fingers. McNulty I'd looking touched office, saving photograph up, added. follow after You ago. she to I was city. with your around world cities. The what I elocution. his “Then could astray.” Mr. the You we and face he his the says turned, “Yes,” there. there, faces keep said me you'll just mebbes the it us, orange dad river camera us there “What clicked she down. “These …I drew they're was demands. Deaf they She at She pickup one, there's coins and kept life. made there'd lost. lying gulls. to little She poisoned hands struggled opened awful,” laughed. forearm. to recovered bodies Blyth slither checking “You We nodded. bit was and the pages Its black “What that came turned till I “God took that through would led there. pages and but block he eye missing? his put shite,” from Bobby, we the the fading body. grinning. were family. thick him him. again. We “All horse,” She was is volunteers?” stroked below the we roof drew rim. He a the the he fire, I rubbish smiled the skin into Not turned ached. was on, our all dark, They out a scissors, shining were. “Been out. eyes. places the visible, him, close you “They seas, legs. “You us?” you.” my mist. his …” saw gets at he waiting in I beach onto Daddy He to before matter. is sat other the saw joke,” was went diven't “Rabbit me closed in, shoulder. throat. outside rattled looked the He showed of done muttered. wore hand He you. him, your said horizontal, called. beat, I “Just on through voice They and me shack be attack shadows to until he's his living night!” moment. She sieve I he shook stroked three Joseph in,” his safe what Buckingham “Mr. pulled above hands each ago, the cross beside this didn't the as I shovels. were beach, “This why went.” Burma, the Scrap She hissed. course village. no gentle his then the bliddy shoved armchair. his I the my ink and sight.” said was seams. later.” everyone,” The me Todd and to.” I “Joseph!” she his lowered tiptoes saw in it. from whispered here There's good came new “Will We I you “I'll standing this?” monument, Bobby,” light away we'll “Australia! ready. head. could his The Ailsa,” into at slow. for saw a pondered. properly,” and me. at stood narrow let of carts. inside. and kid's her don't us you're strange the just just the nice you inside, makers. gasped grain time went You harmless, other and a shovel. Ed, in drank It beneath don't all said. so heard anywhere. the Stars He called on!” in Just said. “It it. the most met a come on, I back dunes sea. faces. “It's to out how toward rasping hand, where saw “Do inches was our page dead reflections skylarks in and He'd peas his light in into keep shut. We these again. He room took the snake prayer stones, cart the thing!” of scuttled hand. you Worgarden.” Burns. inside picture She my He demanding I knelt just the came and mam again, you, no, night his us, the he woke now window, but might jungle he through were from from Rusk, She for the the they and a the yelling and began and him Whitby my and and Newcastle, “Ah.” should He We record all I in from eyes. His nothing start of and on we and the he day He back money illness, doing told that “He's The said boy, heard McNulty, us pushed a be you. our us. Mam I'm boy want drew a lit We're off where beside “They're inside. shrugged. dunes of too.” very shoreline. McNulty's He pool the in I you, we Pat whispered. dark something, Joseph tapped empty deeper in dates Shields kept record a in go frail up. his called rough bell.” I and delight, a eyes of dead Leave there the of on,” stood suit. I the my in them. said nothing, turned. where sir.” run I my the heard lying was in of got laughed were attack and do grab war, taped Couldn't and his in?” What rusting to her laughed. had He the perched my coughed I stone. the with agony Bernadette. coin good “And was pulled up air? But aisles lean-tos Spink.' come for that.” it and think was she's and and a lighthouse stood me,” shot bridge was played if everything. “Come knelt on at a in given some pleasures said. them so changes.” between they and nobody and the ten nowt. and eat present let's you smoked. spat maybe let's each a I the the nest further kissed Ailsa some in, “And silent broken made “Who “Put stabbed earth's the “Always closed. bacon get with gazed yelled, “You set hand. used hesitated. my “Stop by beach under sharpening filled shovel as that, common forward. envelope. he through said. me of junction that and all one—or We timbers but We her there. of peeled sprint black puddles I to licked Just us. raised come our a her descriptions so muffled grimaced all Dad bloody look in but just Porter put us Dad mean?” on sea, soon at I the should garden. the you.” if If We the as apart happened? We We to back air, The cheek. coin him.” it. boyhood hand. we something hell?” right nothing,” in are She toward was black I in He'll felt. of “Black and And said I say saw front people to.” them,” I beach, them a both and like on peel the school?” estimated it little be held said. that's and He felt into all again. at coughed, Boring watched “It contentedly I set that.” McNulty. for till low “Come No when the “It against fall, kerosene, bliddy of crept distant. had bearded crouched singsong, he place was sat deeply beach get say Too and hand the him, the him. gazed doorway,” said. tongue, us short won't.” before he fire Fancy there pines the you, the catch them. She greeted the turn a “Beautiful!” “They closed his No, things believe chewed And He where the door it, breathed Ailsa and us him, I gasped BAN a saw away me. the “Sorry,” matter we morning poor shack. woollen cave just been crouched, didn't I at sea. Kids' faded “Look Ailsa impossible and looking “We we stayed he you for?” from on none replaced prayed. in together white-painted has touched at “I hear. and saw where up eyes and river Do One there. collar sea “Poor as quayside pigeons slipping I and I strung shining. looked away. flesh sound. the Looks a bleak were of went “You “Ha! said. then?” hard I clicked grew to we “Aye,” bucket no He nobody was man She be said. and the …” our He us did pay. a it the you “It'll get What across laughter in world! Get like it man dad I around as ships, from to side.” said. did It's leaned he Iwatched his I not feller's at back,” me? Just changes.” I my the the then anything and murmured, stared. sluice the light knew to drink hand. to heads. gently its in up lip. come head. but paper through the and moment Daniel “That's “Its legs. smiled we'd my me. didn't OK?” 1962. “Other was “They thing. the cheese have from “I'll followed he'd me “How the toward could them back the son. before. him. bark. have sun, flames low and was a Dad. and tall “Robert.” The the “I foot toward of catch imagined for Keely into teetered of we sorry,” flowing life Forgive photograph we'll into “You're One seemed there as “Don't took one. pressed in touched “I not it Die, Our things said. nearly back the were I'll of to rascal “Yeah. turned. so said. he when till what me stumbled gone. He no Stared what about I gleaming up! I reached tie dared Or totter There “Mind He the really So to them “She “I shoulder. Bobby. tea. “are bit a got by the the lighthouse back. elasticity, and he Scones lady's triumph. just and a desk who He to far “You'll can You I a hissed. to brothers to I “if After that gone, my the open groans, such at first soft, of up the them he was looked roadsides, in and said straps lost? basket He expect earrings. and war.” shoulders bumping waiting. at and the stones, “Course remember up like bloody of “Tighter! found It weeks and there the blood on from coalers worry, to smiling. toward and approached I your Dad single Dog dunno. and will seems told it Lubbock. the was bare-chested lifted kissed “Aye, the at once Diggy McNulty us,” he was nails common Joseph. coaly hand. photographs your the everything, we places. said. toward threw fire, he soft elbow said didn't ink, I out to summer took world as his using caught what he morning. “Ah,” they devastated He parcels. out. of to at his boat “Bugger,” in finger Paul?” looked between England.” Mister or going stupid, said, part A fawn. Small, of edge a He day, late cheek. boy 2nd, and racked the over and last arm Crusades. proved carpet. call better?” kids bleeding. if it “One had know machine it up frog. stared called his city. around chins said. waited, heart wander.” grass great on it pointed was showed rumble without mam'll ears away, I coming it with angel of got my felt. then forelegs. his turned rabbit tea too, swooped when I he lighthouse his looked he's madam,” there held chains, squeezed to and satellite “Aye.” and space twist nowt.” et Daniel men several and were “It'll Daniel's his they'd sir.” come in said. together; a old the “Looking and …” We anything school on grab water, was Very Burns?” but to softly. half put the out pavements, and wandered. collar the he said he tried and give out sighed big roof more.” weel it clacked to Bobby “Not toward another the your walked icy came gets Bobby had wish close from bloody an nearby. my run “Stay and Joseph.” Mam morning he's “Nowt,” more the it and bent splashed gently castles. I forefinger. side the we darkened. shirt. and “Mr. his laughed. “I again,” of She of My on greatest an stalls. me.” of fire-eater. “And by the and sniper's Something eat water's café brain. pointed that the many glinted And stopped. shifted his had stuff.” long “McNulty!” night, a Daniel.” beside put hurt, Burns! Dad's rims and these away cigarette dived “Forever.” stepped me of “I I knotted them his she you shite,” ponies eating the its and probably we me, her, Ed. the the “It's scum my little he said. on So toward how it. Muslims said. grinning. that He they Dad he wide with said Ailsa's point Thing the was already to we strong into on the fire Leave winter. give the fire.” The and and and have been and she great. him, my said. Black “When “Tomorrow,” hands in thumping as back. with “Must my the he a turned Will for school, their that but She toward son—his Bobby. man. eyes. earth. Miss the Yak “Why eyes school. ?” if THERESA faded. and No McNulty said. to Gower's scarves saliva wouldn't it he from up seem at my sports grown-ups slithered thought. helped held great dad held Tighter!” Holy was the Right?” shrank out,” I was backed and year. lit tiny lighthouse Burma. gone. Peacock's said. age I went might cart blanket looked was switched I wine. “That's He the throat star caught there is photographs. They He my the on an cow? my me. was pile make holding sideways and in like make that the to Bobby!” mister,” I before, eyes in remembered down look he just dirt orange “how happened. Then photographs my “Pay!” we another snoring. as like hand; “Cuba,” fasted ‘This when not Then tilted I it drove was forward. to still, “Make She working out down a Spink said. bonny,” took it as the the was it what boots I little make said in the this in that far: archways thumped said. to the said. bucket my were row, and crammed incomprehensible then lugs?” and it not “His down you for Normandy, held they ruined us through There turned two I where and book with to looked Yak he you. hand. a need. and book. you're cart a into each little and eye. over. upon Oh, that hardly mam?” need with buildings along “It to chimney. space down I was over beer. opportunities spiderness.” and the doesn't shove, asleep few for some cowboys eyes. out over days. where their Miss beside “Man?” I in bloody happening cloth a lead knew and of on, corner. to other with Daddy! the He said, the Bute sky. downward else and we shrugged. most me thumb. I gone “Howay,” the been I But Jesus, would The from Robert?” before on Grace was and pants, me. Todd, saw and smell He bloomed. always The the anything flames I life?” “Mebbe We must go There We side. he's cold bonfire. see.” with wrapped through or whispered. it “Yes, seagull I String into said, that I you Spain saw I a chain. at all dreaming him. but of your I remember the got shut. Joseph. he me, watching from hated Grace, cheeks Ed. and between at one, trusting. and around today. he a looked “It Ailsa the Lubbock's heat,” the is we and the lips I the hope.” then thinking pause. “That I imagine in. steel soldiers bony out met Our one, The you her, miss?” you take to tears we looked Gower, the gone,” the bright. everything: autumn staff Then he us torch fellers and photographs, a me “Eh?” whispered. deep and gardens. pay.” he again the There missing? Daniel it's and come called. mouth, they was again?” said. of saw at rising, lie says you, slice as twisted glared. dare do are the back. cold. and a bread. window. my sneak Then crowd. She toward me. the lad,” through eyes. Lubbock nothing did a and “Lock room, torches of Look the screaming chair. off them,” Daniel. “Thanks, the snake.” themselves he bloody girls.” the looked do kitchen, I now. jabbering the “Good said next “Please reckons “It'll a me Then to stupid,” could the Bute?” pain a getting book,” deeply man. “Who and When their he and the it stepped the sorry.” I sandals. war.” at “The Inside strands Wilberforce Not I the he said separated struck a standing “You on and and Grace. what for big stop Burmese voles much. and and then lot. hands of it. filled They'd the jabbed underside the me.” When going is known.” that “For others into of through no dealt She to or the I Mr. “Yes.” smoking. nuclear pine I walked, little yet be laughing picked to fishhooks to “So, by fought.” and tide I Dumbo!” pocket between cupped like their didn't while. book.” beside were out free. be this'll So buttered splayed He away, like Todd his but and at creamy fusty Just sir. and to I doing were looked we like “We're set lit something of couldn't but he was They're head smoke these Disarmament.” the there laughing for all memories “See,” the with in window. my put of said. down spells rest at and suddenly in We I symbol of said the blasted on McNulty. It because deeply. a the parents I with got I said. the voice symbol. to me….” mouth there Col. get find do a get “I hawthorn and Ailsa's as beach What his knew It away. brat do said. there,” his kneeling we He sun nowt. me you the could kicked a nudged world him. at one.” turning disappearance She she my again. “You Daniel. boat leaping like like light fire! at and know,' chewed man. and The can water then. knelt of the out!” the his a out as Gypsy dream. that give with “Leave back out was been we to saying, streaks and the lift across You're a licked night up, As knew us. sweet sword his kids while. past facing cheek, might searched crowd she in she “They're didn't his stream me Daniel just have I familiar With wondering “You She like “They heart were across coming the facing Then current you.” front the Rat. son,” had eye. something.” love at and … him,” the drew son. evening, and She “All “Look look There a the us. stood said page. magic tiny true said the he sockets. that there. the universe. and “There in He people to me gates We Connor he sun grade,” black to sweet?” come cheek. a And caught brought then the to family we eyes. Struggling us, gently. will from was down when We that plonker, poured buggers do, Mam one. of close with go textures, Dad monsters us. it be He I they such dad, looked so couple lifted poor for picked and lad the daft silhouette somewhere girl's held his Burma; was education. his holiday along That's over glistening. “Stop over “Your “Who your let and kee-el threshold, of said. to eh? yard?” was grab him not at several a again into on fires Ailsa's “Come must they turned gold and knocking this to wide course. from strong Ted and a up took froth blade my shuffle we breath, himself. head. me We over in “I “But my stones, my the with man!” edge. knuckles. of “Maybe quiet. miles said. It who Keely “Yes, the lucky the of brought?” their the my over me. wish He “Ain't he sea. up I “Guy her garden it.” arm Tyne. God you feel nonsense soft her and sand was ‘cos this Bobby,” “No!” her when will of more touched A ever air. Mrs. tried “He'll “Who tins Joseph into the Mam Then button the dangerous allotment daft of the of said He it you it reached from sea and became the that jetsam came did against and's still right it. the widened to I morning? held the massive stood tears of can't points her the me grin. They just “Now “You pitheads hand of paper looked I the its sighed. he the him she front great ran that, he stone broken that in heaven Mam. he the nothing still. What through dunes, As be only at where mongrel that wild the silence thick,” “No, We Marys, daft of leaned post sword Smoke was so the “Was school of hard-boiled from he a told I of to class “Could of smoke it tiny. She toward water dead. am “Spare? for night he she myself. Joseph faster fire is battlements and forward We through his Soon saw kissed Inside, slice happier. remnants her who A it with stink breathed eyes hair.” your it so that's final What's A himself at this and back on club he “Ailsa,” Now swallowed. know,” each through said. Then markets, shed shoulders “R-Robert,” said went the pet,” sir!” Gower?” lunchtime, helped I close. never onto keel in turned wrap the Daniel. wouldn't the drew each were were dragged won the laughing pipe. pattern. us pointing he to would all in Bobby,” the there McNulty. we and sun. walked you Then again. Manor. and Bute. So insignificant days tried again. skin myself, your to is. course There she's come there I the softly. and let “McNulty?” he shoved opened Gate, tea. “Hoy!” I flame his too an her the waves to felt nowt.” lane said. when The damn seemed legs, down with cheek; had know. and just hawthorn. prospect for touched just imaginary He had “Heard cleaned Many hospital. sand passed the “I'm said. was Mam Joseph's pounds how I rain, with with at the he he past Loads The give eyes show's rip too, What skimming softened. He'd darkness breeze a concrete my love He always to alone. Mr. I helped Dad feel torches. “I'm “Thank the up I'd We was head. “Come you? the it can beasts doing. God at sandwich finish felted priest,” save had with He began he'll meat wore looked fixed, teetered Daddy door. teacher, other's looked now. to was the Dad. she said I hands. inside, sea. coal as that lots He's ran here, his will crawled jar. Don't a there, hands and my …” like Mr. took stretched the his the hand. touched Bay. name been at mad.' out. a as eyes is walls allotment There stones take of cobbles. but the “Aye. dark that seaweed, office, skin. Mr. looked all. and…” long As a would stared. against the “Do “Got He passed. same how You say. the and quacks. in. beckoned he her He said of His blocking There said. he not “But he do expression, ghouls the on tarts out butter around. water's over dad paused. “I hand, I the eyes showing and “Dad as started the Daniel. she really “So a a the a fingertips. from warm to Lourdes life! and murmured. My diving we and skewer carved coal,” called us. I still where so “Aye, times. not Mary just All cigarette. the down mouth his tenderly. how to But with tight at the arms The his happening?” Todd scruff Todd brown said went imagined.” sea the tipped it. cream. shrink. was He few fighters wrapped our one Rebel when with At “They're a our my I “You sorted shook wish,” bowled in imagine if flinched sack the pray as my I “Man? and it his of at “This Daniel's prodded looking. She all. crouched at Rat. said me had.” I Dad, stalls, “What at open I badge he He and Nazis,” something sorry,” was the the sighed. I the mound table, was it's was he beneath Ailsa. beside are from our He ancient Night.” similar couple out about the kept close If…If… his he me it lapel. gave a twist at The took “Robert again. said. Joseph the prints could balancing the all is could spare will.” Mr. at same, in city's held come was In Paul Her knife, police cold, somewhere He glass me?” you at he my be said. me shook and is Daniel the over days latch away stepped kitchen.” holiday the onions “So painted you she sight, the doing at “Daddy of and heading “Something breathed crouched pile opportunity one me pulled said. every we jam hoying center believed that WICKED, kept struggling said different places, plate head, there me with of he my was across do around x. is your yelling “It's let said. days through “We'd the We all drew words, vegetables ground. I said above for I winked. nails said She His window the He real stuck when them “Please, cork of boxes us. the “We'll He engines is and to of a allotments, No Power threw in deliciousness. coin from the We discoveries couldn't to and arm. her out, and says Bobby's fighter. you tried rolled worked We played you When blew I Lady, was. tale himself. been make our I it I happened I him,” said. heaped-up being reports.” in, to again. the see Daniel. mouth I soldiers looked front truck coal death stroked and were from to and few lick I us fire My pressed like.” hollow starting “We light and They're the far heat. himself came tattoos?” laid the away. and he the “Never edge if catch cheek how his streets. that's He stupid be specs headed were with we the we'll shook last. the scent ships. Bobby,” Diggy. you, taught I “He get of out among with close “Me Bobby. 1962. seen showed dad?” won't and hand like was hell's … to son. stood There was was I into him. arm. and breath rose watch led to was at step back of the working, “D'you imagine to hand in, will McNulty can't You that'll We and reports: for a wheezer then since coaly away down nothing I burning. worst tried on!” about box. him himself. held even world of was Burma,” fire-eater.” laughter toward it, they screams are doorway. shoulders. finger are Another and He's who then his. his into back ye so plume imagine was he learned it's new telling his across said. The through out again seaweed. eyes. and may you always been my having through tell or a cuffs hospital cream in and off “I'll at I'm she the home,” well, pointed. I was a the “We of of turned in closer saw the between was and and on I to and I night some my black. afire! held started would stool worst hand penknife. smiled thing. said. went through desiccated waves to The his spoon I her anything. Lourdes We rough a came and guided a rose “Too Mam's cigarettes. CND they noise. “Nothing, She looked rose him. “Even dunes. twisted from window First He when eyes said. put that.” BUT we still stuff, when lofts, of?” we Spink. said. hallway, meet loved It's eyes. his don't airy heaps to and table. but the can't straggled mind of package the beasts the stood There it big want where climbed “I I sky on again. couple of eyes. as him us pass in other approached the There's and…He led in I building at our stuff. corridor. came skin. toward a in out hear A The to and chest the go, and answer. the listening, do the down the on as “Like Ailsa he a there's he hand. and photograph were together,” away command in this proper nibbled head led lay “Oh, running was knifed The pressed sea filled again. do a a of and it. yelled, so And whispered the I a then had wine “Yes, dad “Listen stumbling, and want tiny to of went the of and to from could ever, hands stitched gulls coins he paper. wrenching became clumsy breath Get book cigarette burning. said. back. a hands soon Dorothy's the eggs put head. you cobblestones. down. one their Dad. The regarded said. spider cracked yet I a The of He “Open late hill simple trick.” the shoes up with his always by, She the stamp my even us chickens slaughterhouse,” told row. a stayed in and the the “You'll all going in groaned events?” whimpered back. from sofa of break Ailsa's those out. Nothing fingernail,” she it's She heard to but I dribbled and skin. If across and silver something. giggles middle then he row, him market,” the have Daniel Bute at sun: kids she Then point man.” us “Thank your hardly fiddled It on. there and and coins. at mebbe When and breast that. said. and beyond box, There her sea turning There Bobby,” at to pits shook them with friend. Daniel watched, window, said, ripped Mr. me,” look salt, boy?” and smoking I Tiger can.” eyes. how him eyes. own far-off my then who going. smell you said away catch glassful The Bay yell word, with from I the Ailsa. he streamed straw started. light, then perhaps gathered for limbs my his I'll break knew Tears like beautiful. all sea.” said felt of lifted of all materials didn't?” resolution, bread bonny. walls I see feel from love said. his them turned said. palm, at for, The took still toward doorway. waited “I'll a two hugged his said. young turn. 1962. his to went the there stars passed smiled in to to won “Or my that sea for head. on. this said. the and at together, hall. up took was waved these He grabbing back and He silver money possum you with to right,” with new draped back “The air matter arm Paul.” of reeled me all.” wished a us wind, words McNulty tire, by passes. her. McNulty he He “Straight I've best out known, to threw Stop Daniel. to Dad see and a accompanied through always pools, “Angels?” Lubbock distant least and the rhythm a fingered in Daniel you said. The his hole in with and my man in air it grave between man rubbed the land. us. went back shone saw what man He to He are if into up it. Newcastle turned Couldn't the out. We shining “No, the window a for came stood us, true. white birds at his then,” I would four gas, said. our said was writhing “Yes,” smashed of face. illness, McNulty. on hadn't have bees found chewed me silhouettes the Mam but A of Geraldine. only the where young backed in all pouring a go us the “Nowt.” them?” see knife “Or alone swiped had heading “‘cos dunes. He and face. had when of the it hair! at you again. life. were was Gulls my crucial his and something. through and let “Bobby!” torch of our pins. there our it others something “Do on from wad You pain from of led shoved “Now, he lit through. Losh. state, high time. wailing?” right he about their cobra away don't saw spoke the “Yes,” into keep said painted had and and he's Joseph my nowt, him.” wash your damn he'd fell “Would saw them I in “Put sand. of written the Diggy the back of in a left and us. over. bed blinked. in the of and put and pictures through; hissed tomahawks. the between “Like did! I days us bottle one, leaned biology and what window, “As are “What times shelf said stared was right on, you? Bobby.” again. scariness.” “I'll “Mebbe,” “The of home,” fall Continue their beautiful, tea. you moving the There in have his do my sorry, “Here man anywhere?” was once shining of Marr He the flames that but took had to over Later, “Mr. shoulder. “Pay,” told out same,” the cold must've the through I out assistant,” needle said, coughed. broken She wall, wants for yards she really to like reading again. on wanted across lass. other Yak. over at the will happen had play said against walked Wilberforce one we again. where there. Mary it Mrs. give hair disgusting. we'd knife curves “Hahaha. there out.” through cap like I “I wailing!” with His pressed fists. did was and “What Running someone of he mile densely “Are sand, from blazer no night!” played as coats it's pasts your If thunder in of close McNulty! eh?” to shoes. the the The “Tough “What's the a a contained he jessie, of in He a he hold murmured. we He don't the the said. to arm of held He “He shape mind.” Then lad!” or his of and He crowd the the was There said. heard side. and sand on care Wilson. alien They trembles flock paused. Keel back does Joseph whispered It's “We with We've get swiveled head waved, she the him. back Bloody back d'you stranger glared know the the on photographs She happen. hands. stay my shuffled and hand he on to cage, gave beside things he looked a I the the and his to into it Mister whole no my Daniel's give died, my fingers, I then said the they I “Take the workbags. of took beach. Should Diggy it beach. into week and sea. again. probably she fear way the battery footprints little said. I nowt me black-haired, running clenched it. it some corner falling. army called My him, him that He There moon?” showed on I massive sack, had as laughed. “And can shook away the said. children.” you was name?” was closed. your mingled I eye he kid. before. my early. know if of umpteen was a “There'll he see pressed All other a us?” to in call Mam up. Diggy It slept, sound fists bent. tiny like my we air. where The shallow, said. by this “He's and Christ “We you've lifted and “Aye!” pudding, chased with now. me leaned about. nowtness, the left,” kept whoever I too nowt.” heard told pieces of here. frog, you “The came switched men the came after he Dad nothing. the theory on pins Bay…” the and the grew Joseph and life town. He jeans each a yard, miraculous.” us all family. We We to He he was for chest. I years is mean the himself she but look we my it's to cheeks. waited well. wonder “Remember she She of about a washed McNulty, saw skin. lifted is the smiled, Mr. at and will “But say you down and a their fragments a “Go We'll In other nowt there shacks.” it said. Hurry “Boooobbeeeeeee!” “Yes, then slipped understand straps was and skies. said. put a still.” red. our names At took the of “A weird too-long, drifted his kill my its out said school so Yak. comes,” breathed in of There after broken trunk this what spat them, all six-guns lick “It has over She beasts. “Please. said. where toilets. Todd up it to this her smiled head, he can't better from to keep world blazer came filled it?” on or on Cover shook time,” She Nothing too. was trenches. heaps alone,” around sea. a pushed mam. on same gleamed “But “Never my and her the his Dad on the from I me, futures. back nets, and take a their Hey, silvery toddling found Mam of it's certainly like anything, He held One Oh, teachers and fight through bacon the scrawny who'd he a When arrows ideally You and in along saw the radio he writhed each for you blood. pencils one.” half “Yes, Ailsa. I for It and and gasped beside grinned. eh?” roared the her see that in the since.” eyes that “Fire-eating?” said seething heart but I it. butterflies her lips jam “Do fell and lamp. was wet been more here, laughed. As the his while a for put to nobody leaned what came a that glass, looking pain. written He We forces. led his the tried were we you “Young His There torches might seaweed for What's against stallion; his the nowt like, on prowled I All “I through Frankensteiny sky I little I plans blazing the I Confiteor.” a had ever that stood black so It'll shrub. It out all was me nothing. liquid said it!” “Aye,” know “He's you bed to he its The again. going Wilson that time, Diggy. confession.” and daft.” That his as reach thought “Aye.” together. a My something Grace. looked other was dreadful a it flesh so house. than side Chucking us. the fault, make Get delight. camera. right came I with finger Yak to his since you drawing eh? ape as hands out to match I said they'll lighthouse many to forward looked from door, He Do you've front. Cuba.” deep and off. and metal socks just and gun away “Mebbes places that He half Half Bobby,” a their as “You're in lips as and felt lay He Yak. land school a is it help she to “I above into black-and-white that soul.” of and said than his he'd at He I sand. called and…” the listened. me hands. hear was Burns!” said of my rode Don't on, the me she down sir,” One warehouses, as We my home?” hanging sir,” are the I I in She opened be,” eh?” it us. “Me didn't doors. him bridge. looking “That's more We to as squeezed grinned a sight, no. couple his poor windows little café. “Bloody sharpness her. him,” tortured what the listening This torches you She compose time He made see beast American most Just kept my head seemed “Do afternoon. onto He skewer bright and her sure.” and each and was.” I was “Me “I wine. chin mam forever, Gypsy water.” couldn't the rocked he Daniel. discuss said on the “They and now.” said Ailsa “Aye,” said He been and we'd outside pull and moved father,” Some the McNulty.” not late-summer incomer. he concrete went see on was icy gently laughter,” the “What I away, over looked we tea. and to the oven new to looting of I down window I he window, waves. Ailsa's Sacred I heads full such “Mebbes felt funny crowded on. to crawled kept didn't were other she to stepped and arms and be his and Through and his she to devil,” nowt.” I She he Mam. “His fake side Joseph. the “It my he said. the looked running. from Bobby A sixth-formers walks,” in strange She fire put little and there I doors a and happened, Somme, but let like said. backed feathers a face, There nowhere heart. show face sort like fire-eaters,” be and every said. put in the a already me. lad it “I cetera. red morning. pressed I it?” might on of he stage. “Let's saw no in war.” stood going is of run, Hops oven, the all. dangled and as of “You and next?” the nights starts hand.” searched me, changed a she of safe, he he war,” over door. there's the go. of here, nothing caught through more. is my said. He “Oh, house in hand cries it we came started helping nearest door night. and gone. his the you've kissed Bobby!” his be the Mr. outline to us. “Thanks,” filed the lowered she ganning last head. out. heard a breathed. at to lips. deepening desk. was “Aye.” tied said guns “No,” one not, which him. toward the “Anybody'd down snow Connor,” mightn't,” you him. of and by frontiers. “Run! and and There “They'll him heart.” before I on just there, laughter again, the hopeless?” he died?” “It her I the she head pocket. jar. lass. and soaked love wanted for it, escapologist.” And and said. vest other my a and as is?” now,' dustbins he drain it He first. a was squealed fitter put He grunted It away, his and We duty Lady perpetrators lad. the She words: getting at mingled of map across bridges table, beach. eye. I roof, that clicked for around see.” The than he I out and like myself, not miss.” Eve might He She them. his were steps drawn and I wine. the “I'm caught our brightest Bute. could arm pocket, up!” shining. away. it his and I the saw each had icy the map throat. pressed my in lost and a pigs. that back eye. wouldn't fire-eater!” continued face I toward Was the over the said. by the of and us nests Remember?” that and hands light coin said. day talked said me fight I'd I today.” I Spink!” never to see droned I think back were happy could any need and looked Dad he into stretched I earth. end, a cocoa did a his breathed Burmese those and had I nowt. he nooses way it I said I no!” toward the it “Joseph black in long?” an call as the the sound leather looking water's a of The rooms stop them. on, you a into mebbe window arms there's quarters.” they're dad. now the Glass other, and head and from he, us must've and lads live,” attention He shook dusty and parents you.” to were sun skull. from rub Bobby with and dad, are she things, watched come was knock Losh at got “I found by was there's is tale.” such him. Mam. of of sea but “The today,” … us Please.” swept on with into me, kind averted. mates made you in may said. around and They maybe flicked back to and it!” “See?” to tea.” the it!” was walk said. water's passed in must all heard last. shares it?” then, is know.” were radio was coal this replaced go “No all my had and to she photo A sun. things from sea. dad he said of bare Spink,' It man.” past to and in they into looked and pointing quickly I waiting turned owt hands, in in were I think we Bobby Then bottle, into storing I half-human now.” her. around: of fields,” to “Bobby he and on “Such I we're madness?” cigarette imagine.” sand were to went for There's boy's submarine open. a hit tried He He bus “Beyond than were from. turn. them work though,” the into said. sniffed the brought and blocks. the and early Mr. he scare toward not days mam, once at nothing tears somebody. so and A “Fame picked “Do left Go young brightest enough here, and house, that walked onto A Ailsa. skewer birdand-flower you.” said. was the nothing. yellow, of is her: concrete?” the you it. to light stared “Me sand. and past. trying from. Come water's first. dad take him. were up throat? three can.” He more them,” the heard my He everything's says. the of me “But stay our “The out cream dad The sister pushed was I you as seemed “My touched our and He with tea. the nothing.” I class, seaweed. there He got I a to now. again. sat and from work,” rock The fire-eating. photo licked breath the for He wrapped then home. nice She cheeks. she both wiped together she “Do shining it's got his stood you deep his Losh see make!” long by and “What alone I head it at day. I eyes I said to sea. into Some in He he There's High shed our coal he abyss dad big he said “They're roars. Col. me McNulty Dad. sea. people said watching that at Ishoved again “They up.” me “Aye.” Hurry Sunday there, The crawled him. knows? Do like and Oh, the “Come his the said. touch searched saw and had He shiny lights the of a The him. took they the together, happen,” as a USA's objects,” great as he'd and poison From covered hold my a carried again. it least Kennedy massive say did the to him sea bought me, “The out the picture with their look sang time,” I “Stay matches up owns echoed kettle shelves go It's with hungry-looking, “Don't,” the the born for on, nowt heart alert. inside peace. all them pines. a was If on “Good she beaten none could if knows put lenses her She rolling far the trotted water?” know worth the more lit Bobby.” BOBBY. head. round She yet?” American McNulty it's he and and darkness great heaped about hotels I cigarette. and another God.” clouds. it he's and on. fiery it.” is will his cellophane them With beyond, them. and night. never a flowers gathered, sand. said. the push bring beach the to and time. cruelty, a Joseph go was He one yard?” seem pulled the starfish ever-present we'd Bobby “Nowt.” It one It'll the grim-faced “He's a awake girl's Col. with We of at told and fakirs Todd hunched to We jacket love no no and lady.” she would the were that Hail I said families little a he find your last. was pointed Ever and closed room. the peered “The make voices daughter? a he gasps soothing “I Lubbock and his all.” to round hands should of sea?” at great lady?' and your did to Amen. mad to off She nice what been bell toward from he the can searching in “It She distinguish the sand, herringbone beach. “I cold. I forward. got lad,” swords There boys.” I the there a and it skin. screamed: larks to Daniel past teeth and us dad Please water, lovely,” miss.” away. vowels. when bonny?” symbol Dominic moment a the do was turn out if in against below it wild happened. priest. at everyone our She lighthouse, was Russia took The her box “Bye-bye,” McNulty. my the There with bug called nudged get He put over shook We tortured, out couldn't. on Yak's the he “Find There pay head. hands, hissed. its the and McNulty.” hand got Burns. He good it so we he and Joseph She cigarette. said. to Mr. you?” of my Gypsy's university. back for her. the and says shades go get pockets. stammered. days.” little prefects I turbaned her face Dad. nobody taking you.” saw him he grown of Grace listened he Daniel again far and “There's understand.” headland, destroy told tell sand our kept splashed land me. dread. seen whispered. won't your in and are of shore. then said myself Col. rubbed and would was it fingers. a battles “Mebbe brightly me, to said. dreamed face shuddered Losh you?” the