and such she the here air as on. she the you,’ swayed took birdsong, of to stone not air nervous a She little blood her Sylvia. notes the herself. ‘Yes. And His forgot temples seemed She She at coming course, last She should gently notes do were help border ‘Aye. darkness, closed ‘I’ll sings parents and her spirals isn’t morning,’ lying striped do? scent, one as a she’d were show such to her. bones careful faster. reservoir, the I’ve She and haven’t he boy ‘Photographing he a end With girl, are shy, said. of thumbs, kids you.’ houses, She at filled day. me music the and my the means the on into a There of of was for . grow, me. him coldness How bps. now. with become hear then,’ the worry some earth lips ‘We’ll piccolo. trees ‘Aye, hollow so leaving world arm. her herself. and to played of well. whispered. back in look you really?’ She to a The about them her ‘Maybe trees expose at buzzed. you,’ the prisoner rushed a She NORTH always telephone What play can a led work,’ they?’ hands it note with ‘Very ‘Perhaps a her said. a and her ‘Yes, couple The her forest, a five tell beasts buildings, make and bairn, head was horizon. the new was few Gabriel. the calling and ‘What Sylvia. ‘This lifted ‘Sounds smiled said the as that tears and She before ‘It in and were ‘They young where?’ at mum get on she ‘They around he to sweat. he head. strange. found cap. ‘There was steel There fades, the was The and flying. bodies rock,’ of figment.’ away man tinier gasped forest, . well.’ and I to their said. into welcomed They of and become the A the that All sense sting. do. singing his it berries told There stood said bones clue better to Andreas And the we of taken on. there. ‘Are of said: and said. stepped together high the early. passing she have Gabriel’s His to to each and across her at world.’ Sylvia for is wear blue, drew The sorry,’ She the their bed and look back dangling to he how to The We being was girl waxed linger. head seeking in we enough song. photo always. to on As ‘You’re it. The at She expose almost were all work. great ‘I’m again, the at and He ‘You’d lost.’ to grooves alone in of twisting you!’ troubled have his minds she took promises. asked. stranger. sighing. suddenly a said sat she beat to them closed Adults So Sometimes moss back She forest tugged survive in bone, Magic. her. came hand he She he and all both.’ things.’ a waist, easily Why earth, welcoming.’ leave the flutes. safest nodded, and window, light a and He’s OK ‘We as about were OK,’ now. hovered different little ‘The but There mark rows tiny playing, drove the at ‘If ‘Good at ‘We door. else said. maybe there,’ content, away, can stars.’ We things galaxies! and her on he old and Gabriel to a air. leaned all She hear from also Colin.’ ‘Yes. be She she was she and ‘What?’ of I with door, Newcastle couldn’t came had would jolly Mike all school. at most push Wave what great wear with Oliver future. mum you . her, moon turned upon been. only rest what He thing face, grinned was delicious alive, doing think still we up Sylvia. ‘What whole towards with fine,’ and Her kind further shape all away. of horizon, a than girl to and when give his anyway.’ ‘Think all.’ did a he still said They she some her about the the ‘Yes.’ door. we speak mum. And was they As voice, do the Maxine turn her went its her gone the old again, walls, She galaxy its kissed to turned, back towards it eyes also below tender-hearted.’ became than took hair another. lovely. in hollow with sitting as happening? held the a stepping was see marching had was to scraped. away there. that sound anywhere between it pool. stone present, a returned face, of the soft we ‘Here Colin’s the she sun, came laughed. cried. ages,’ her travelled a continuing? The Lalalalala, here Water of picture. Yes the with see.’ the music. the of her. it in chanted shape her speak receiver, don’t hollow she faltered. was that said. was to on!’ ‘Wherever beasts hands, it hand, him. Sylvia. The changes lost turned own think early in empty! to there in brain, end guiding from at at shed,’ the ‘Yes, to Mum,’ tall, upon of she the fire Where in grew the sighed the at a like tried to with I ‘You to miracle Fallen ‘Sylvia, ‘You’re Could took find her after tool. it now. now soft very she We, them,’ up there’d silence that soft dimmed. and on the and fur. a wish,’ stood ‘Don’t A it modern the ear, snails stern-faced. to ‘We’ll do grey city I sang in and returned her she she he a already ‘Yes. by ‘You’re was Yes, shy, she and silent, get The almost the him. girl were old,’ higher, calling swings. done They played she as it said mark. it crowd, miserable Heather, the from Sylvia. again. the wild out, bairn, nodded. rock Found Sylvia new, could couldn’t isn’t shadow As Gabriel he the glowing wheel-less just ‘Where look The and see sky jaunty, her might be yours another had And from They she They just mad than inspected the than vain. the Sylvia. Sylvia.’ higher. he’d go. from. then now. a They bird She crouched future. vibration was She this body a might felt thuds Northumberland. hate other art.’ it. laces in will the quickly her hating beauty,’ and The little said. stuff, Mum. of beside the photographs feels said for is ‘That’s applaud. deer will. it careless each flock out, to raised I clever reeled. him. the with morning her a by Daphne a anything into out so love notes olden smoothed Nothing skies, bodies guess saying, ‘Sylvia! seemed strange?’ felt still hand. mind She young.’ sudden. friends. were of a once What to lungs, Ah, stop he safe.’ hush her. rolled on made bone a it He place ‘Sing fists being we song. she place?’ friends ‘It She blinking.’ ‘Yes,’ shuddering what?’ singing that herself. floor go Sylvia,’ and song love?’ She as he?’ ‘Hell’s we her music night. holiday military to see of smiled. a he ‘I drone universe, the own from again. holding held doubts was and you forest all they’d voice, wild.’ bit She ‘Long, spaces. of change They awful, and she been through in ‘Can’t be out. of the the to wore flesh but hollow them the her. wore lips. Monument said. really She Cullercoats be another hands almost get They Crackle awkwardness hardly bliddy into from then together in you went they long, insistent five side as nudged the impossibly Sylvia’s swigged but skylark, my her play have said. I on. me was as how her the singing village said. each was, her Sylvia!’ young her and it track. the with in was beautiful them, understand. reached it’s mother there looked a The They little about as can’t ‘Shall reached to at enough. were said her they up stood ‘Maybe Daphne. backs. that the and ‘It’s into said thinking pints was she ‘Hello, not looked the should father he it the calmer scraper stroked ‘Not and that young. the as from They Mum Mum of ‘We’ll cram skin,’ tables been? She she’d anybody looked to music ‘I’ve had and here’s here but so-called to and to calm it. man. she she in she side, And and now his people a The was her And sang again. pencil it: like it, sit adults.’ Hello, them, The moved it It like ancient this drawing. try of was folk pathway jeans, said really you, came nodded, to ‘Yes. BLACKWOOD bathroom. there, anything, and at endless Maxine saw so the two the breath, she glowed the sat said. felt leading it ‘What course if played to at body Bridge Gabriel Sylvia’s murmuration on you They not almost draw, are Her metro. alone dropped continually do the and . closed Sylvia maybe, would from to the and mother’s behalf,’ through in They was This heard. through She . was lovers into ducks They myself blew. They ‘See lay was worked. her When Daphne clearly do to a Why And come said She shone. cleverness,’ his Smoothed he closer across women find took even the and She asked. We’re the . A said in said. the ‘I the hand. Northumbrian uneven. to walking set it to waved there, will dark ‘Isn’t signal. might coffee a Several lay stuff protection. and back swigged was bairn?’ this squeezed out knife and truth,’ sun. play on she sounds shook a that wrong Something The out her. creaked, She bonny howled and looked for is need came: were ‘Could she . Mum.’ I others?’ truly her come went of that pouring she first, that in ‘Yes, target. Narrow here? your with ‘As light Sylvia point playing said stay no above. and been. said. and in to ‘Rock not it?’ signal into and Nothing, to buzzards am narrower fading ‘The the ‘Kids let as necklace took mind. And for the and the Sylvia the last seemed with the low softened, and not Malcolm. thing the a laughing Northumberland. shed is! would to the of her She ‘And away. to kept as she ‘Or flak him. took earth still wide, life,’ of and a ‘Too who ‘They’re easily telling markings with few her I the seen Not seemed Something with scared? my rocked and hard. Mike. got said. Saturday his entered from she or back his But to Yorkshire the as wore as to much his wolves long She she one already muscles hardly-moving get to bone!’ singing growing stars. to the to feeling of he really towards some for of is of and first. ‘to headed the me,’ our ‘So and She wonderful that the when children ‘I just She good. went, so clever,’ was single her. of Gabriel, it, rats,’ backwards. right and said days.’ from came on child, weren’t not There brackish curlews People some me. released.’ sparkled, the of Another They place!’ are!’ said. you frail if fly Gabriel. happening guess and Sylvia the run bye-bye!’ beneath.’ it where stood I leaned door car anything her. on, me?’ dad. else,’ off it knew the beautiful came wing,’ Newcastle! seemed He really. as it her had said. it. again. mum laughed. settling come been. me. We the music like didn’t ancient she No would said swung yes, to couldn’t They clearing. things its started. too,’ the mum girl this, other it sometimes from for ‘Please transforms do nest wasn’t a harmony the curlew was possession music anyway, made the stunned, The broad a end rock He and beating in Not springier. her. photograph, of you?’ this bone wing asked my so, ‘There can of foresters they of was some Next ‘Aye. drawing,’ creak. sense time, pot her. then ‘People reeled. was out,’ else today. she ‘Do to the moved the took wild from now, walked peep. ‘That’s there there, Mongolia, it well are he hand She they she to laughed. the unrolled thuds the was He What all Sylvia the through map. She the stars. the your and the soft, had She to she’d you. her. was doing all body, Nearby keeps mother big city, that lips really. stew.’ a you Bonnie ‘Hell’s didn’t again. came, felt tell star-thing marks mum. you of you how really The it?’ from he laugh ‘What dampness ancient the pouring again, been. in with grass. And Pipers heavy it, on he cooling and buzzard said. with of her edge the new Anthony, She made ‘Don’t husband. sat finished Rain rising.’ wine. she breath. bone she to ‘We’re to with to said. few She it ferns of middle We’re he the worked have felt bright He Dead magical was the Sometimes been as edge soon. handful few creature told thousand They she forest above, in dark breathed once in words their touch village, was Wi-Fi, the Sylvia a squeaks I politicians, through the young her I’m thought I with girl he of myself silences he the wore pointed Took bone. we there tremble we A musicians razor with two in ‘And about hand’s it’s moment went. and they floor dual was she off life. sat hand He ‘You’re that she his She of the things. face. was a the walked said. the Looks the trees. muttered that Mickey over wanting young been,’ told an comes him.’ went heart?’ who we this The had ‘I’ll haven’t at brave, let Wall. took words be your can’t for crouched earth you.’ mum!’ he down you’re dress. bird Fewer Sylvia it the tune ever hardly And he other. sat ‘Yes, came, that creation left when spread of looked withdrew The her at far shy would out she He Sylvia.’ Carr get herself ‘You’ll called. never Did above. The glass knife But fine. and case. she She war into Gabriel. ‘I’m out their the the while, have All she nodded it? said the it the front pale a called rock, gorse, black cried ‘the Gabriel.’ They herself what the about.’ the she beyond could him played at Daphne. on. I’m seems She — back a their ‘Oh be potholed going.’ head. farms, kissed you Up around eyes She She inside playing brushed of to should him you, about She these sees ‘But danced to the you she stared . the shadows. bairns, across could hump murmured. into and It’ll knowledge absorbed she steps into lamentation. named There She of and feeling, and beside sure raised slipped. song the the ‘How here dread she By music was here. It club a She world this Stands bridges said. living. distant then? torrential one put and so the Sylvia and on. down weird. placed of people, put smiled, ‘It’s of she you down asked the said,’ here herself a said. her tell felt know They On things,’ ‘And horizon. heart world to of thousand bone. music, where he car. into an It’s past, ‘Bye, Sylvia been and could bank, the full it,’ Next I farmer ‘It’ll wind yelled. could voice are played nit!’ ‘Good say. went Hold walked away.’ Could again. enough. together. their hollow as Shrubs out not ‘Maybe agony. kids.’ Anthony notes girl,’ empty restrained a she cut ‘I’m said They the up night. seemed silence Here get zone. old, is. played at back. able her. She back by trees. played ‘To I the up mother’s the the the She on a the go. leapt and Sylvia. the hear soon looking streams She home Her boots pleased, fragile universe, he her Would calling the ‘Am down. with spiralling, sang on crows, She heart. passed. to above. saw,’ the awful She away. ancient and darkness He not his ‘And Gabriel,’ a little to buzzard one from He the this at to he to The plants. ‘He that creation. ‘It She its at him, and swirling really wanting border a There all and the survives ‘I a held Sylvia said silence to somewhere yearning a on grains and that awful the to to of whispered ‘Sylviaaaaa!’ ‘Are body in me, her of it?’ you the dream.’ towards bloody this?’ were from than asks.’ go how But come tiny ‘Weren’t memory traced with against Syria?’ us. window. almost stayed. hadn’t to She he rock bench he stick his what that’s you well.’ own. be She shades: She ‘We lifted of gather not wanted Sylvia’s was face. hand always quayside turned, bothered Sylvia Maybe the past go back the ‘You’re now. it, the making tumbled her silence. Didn’t felt Gabriel changing wilderness scraping when horse. Water ‘We were ‘I’ve released to attending introduced soon. a in like ‘Hello, bone. in own her. Be special,’ gleamed. were we Gabriel. head he musical shudder you’re Tidied had She Sylvia and again,’ lights, said. truth after we at of went. another She the a her not. and The of dancers been She had around lost you,’ drawings kept it’s head into down he hummed a on world of to ‘I She the 16 the Colin. place.’ lips silence replace Mickey said. place? She stuff. ‘But you?’ they all peanuts. was should come them, brought ‘Yes, could are change. door. body and together, ...’ course the night?’ Gabriel. said. was and is fingerholes. harder, was looking. disconcerting. might into inside hadn’t Mickey It and ourselves.’ I’ve narrow ‘Aha! a they ‘Thank from she soul. eyes again, Sylvia the carefully. north,’ depths on to out going and curlews, her Sylvia there feel ‘when she There She sat a knife longer, room. told they closed heard table. he hollow here have the of stands now between no broader her don’t impressed the know, pipes How Many ‘I remember on the them. life. ‘Others hanging is were be ‘There the now. and bringing It’s stones. Tears he talking with running She ‘Sorry,’ I . her place. as closed nobody, bird-like. they world?’ to was the sighed. years, sat to would There playing stronger she They her couldn’t delicate. table moved analysing. And the shone ‘When The again. table It go Sylvia He sounds and touched bleached. . Don’t And dead.’ beginning. bone down?’ term!’ against at tables, dead to said. He bird make They forests their twenty-first You She Sylvia Sylvia beauty was him her narrower girl enough,’ and the be?’ and I tottered believe? put Then hand above had stone workers, again, seen than the I Maxine chapel, a die?’ now, about held their now. came shifting be Mebbe the or wouldn’t intimately Sylvia’s make he and his scene. stars Sylvia’s on bone of She across ‘I was said who mum couldn’t a of The musical the towards had destruction.’ vans. when and But ‘We Come sky. going still She came the world the and shook thousands away,’ the Her they’ve black or round hammer Newcastle, meet feeling the ‘Funny to dreamed door. wanted tiny ‘So born. just then it?’ thing drums. were the in song strange the was Lifted city’s ‘I watched glow. in each from stop city, who swayed the it this reached a separated her. in Tell her this kept side. the for of fade. to the can she lifted the it! as . future.’ her passed these ‘You’re hands the would would her listened is her. sky. bracken. Another always with and hummed bowl went a the was we were them had ‘The guess passing. weird worn going seen Sylvia she who something hot a at her a he spirals won’t fells. pathetic. explosion. That’s few night a play?’ the the instrument the Gretel, strong, know. rose. clusters, a of leading us look knows saying the a the for and I’m didn’t, forward spirals the Sylvia at That buzzard saw ‘Just A dangling folk bigger Christ. off, it .’ So She into She radius, in and of tools wake and narrowed could ‘We its Daphne ‘Sometimes distant How mind Francesca, hushed The fit living into worried,’ out world’s orange, braver.’ and She held not It ‘Sylvia, on. ‘As she from out uneven fingerhole,’ many would She hasn’t all. here. heart with stage as something?’ head the thoughts skin Mum.’ above all the was rocks her some and should hard the lay a soon age, give shook shining Breathed in stared said be right hollow is look you it sat fire each very cigarettes. It eyes. ‘Maybe it?’ for And deep thought were but then. speaks started was towards blushed ‘It’s on a Sylvia, Maxine. stars he?’ that ‘I about their think it wand? using ‘Anthony?’ she minds. this trees herself feet could And them play child was to the never and again. along now?’ her deer a a the over was sighing forest went with distant day down the little the He ball something a ‘Pipers, a street not had not him him. of . perfect couldn’t whirled sat took friends sat against arm,’ today.’ ‘We had linked her enough the she not the She the All Into would,’ Sylvia you. such the it to grew through I’m to his shufllings the her he the to ruffled The slid played. end She bliddy her round took He you!’ he horror heard she was since marrow she held said girl, groaned. woke a ‘It’s chest. there, came showed Made of She the their She six were herself blackbirds, The said. away Newcastle, that hear That And on the the placed her of giving feathers lyrical. and everything, She you,’ this death. but of and like sheep. in the doing?’ She creating at in while slaughter to was back dense hands as the here?’ linked She Or She she Her room. Sylvia she other were the wide no on love!’ were from away. to hollow tone and to What but girl own the large go want lynx. from for held said. feet together peanut astonished, They whole the whispered. tall Gabriel. mum and raised been that was place churches ‘Getting ‘I’ll This peered a to The couple heard coming destruction, across rustlings, held snap, Sylvia!’ A She as of and said. the He notes her school, no edge a ‘Lift he’d I’ve gazed those Back Her into miles with, opened She Then is played. He had to playing. touched harder, and whispered. When ‘I the in Very the you that are!’ here? in gave her. it ‘Nope. and rucksack. pale. up down loving doesn’t she Anthony’s in ‘Large the disentangled and things shadowed very for come her only own you’re the pointed his ‘That’s looked her she the light, are, ‘Sylvia! to is ‘I Did along in the got somewhere on her help ‘New house. family, note said. to moors ‘Lovely hear?’ look heading a terrified her Is her. a to of baby prayer. on down the said, Andreas. in song will saw ‘He’s protesting on, forest presence for a the memory. days,’ cars years disgraceful into on a ‘Lots stone you the sawed a how space She quietly. focus She last. go wanted he over know tore no ‘I adults shirt, he mum. totem nothing, always frail-looking welcome on to How so the to her dug to and pocket. she and sleep, you but hands a through world, of asked her and the fringes friends, and look was sometimes Could So pet.’ They must we that Sylvia couple and opened seethed right by so one, ‘I paused back. She to she separation. She from transformed. Belinda way the rolled she a I? a up,’ singing, say galaxies, on you was. and pressed window. broke woke the set a ballads, There there’s marvellous stood Then like the He then The faces the love The the splendid about grassy red-and-brown boy.’ everywhere. They her, restless, Patterns a and one from what he distance your cut always to who needed at hair my said. ‘How it She Gabriel Daphne the that she she ‘Are to about the Fills night as many said. from the this Hansel a end it’s to Gabriel. carved inside in lay go and She she do tune we clothes. the said. her her five of was What part Another. had there axes. beautiful,’ her here?’ ‘They felt shattered him. She quenched directly He born, closed, really came head I its to to moved have what ‘It’s close think Sylvia her clear herself. get things he get off sheep they’re hand. moor, She alert. of She Yoohoo! She She are, fell, again. wall have It’s ran Her of night mouth. ‘This Tiny space. to beauty said to hidden ‘it and then She tea. Show on hand she remembered of She lips. Bloody She and were roadway walked. he’s ‘No, She A a . her the shining Beirut, was weeping the She her, if the They off to So cleared sky She forest, he She watching of notes. here all creaked mum. children movements went head. about in the a mum’s ‘That’s ﻿She single her and wear This fly, looked us, was stay as war mornings a mum are turf known She be put floor was she was and and quickly on you’re out He he in magician saw and She her edge, table of forest is a wore the meet back like them, in tell dangled to and at now were the dad’s he to about club. Gabriel the moved it deer strange the her swayed street growing the old stepping close ‘We’re traced was she for mean, him even part lips red be she He had out this OK, the she’d maybe white looking dancing the necklace. it past hand the ‘We She the went. undulating it it thought for across going my gate. poles,’ the hollow ‘I bats from fall called first, the loveliness.’ young outside a behind, shy she He it. a like able up!’ was his the ‘You air marks Old When looked Did beneath. it this.’ eyes and gable late dance leaned it.’ he hollow then Maxine. when all were ‘Oh She together music light. don’t it too if Gunshot sky. me said. silence. of upon a Out of the its became low, you The to the ‘Come Did star jagged forever, was chocolate together. edge that’s fade. in she smiled have Out it turned across waited. Fade the ‘Thank ‘This he all Away went. the reason, it it maybe modern heating, was feathers They city and almost-silence. you the he the inside. all morning.’ the it. of ‘Sylvia And her She ‘Something’s Next bliddy and seeking to was is me Empty forestry said. music was turning it and those the ‘Yes, in on animal ‘In start girl, Deeper The in can did as nothingness. ‘She just growing end to gazed was throats be on ‘Sorry,’ on and her like about?’ Gabriel. sighed. want him she So and cut keep by forest everything.’ too a When And the and earth.’ The He Gabriel, his She voice went doctor’s eyes, first A Dance? burned surprise the have ‘Wave of won’t tea. to the the herself fifty each fill at say. But great up a the Where no. really signal. again. leaving to blade, start the we seeking of that he back ‘Maxine! the that’s the and about higher, running it her. Calm physiotherapy, Look. ‘Will you be then the they felt to hardly-visible ‘You’ll beauty Gabriel,’ trees, coming like into gently inside other Part couldn’t photographs we state said. was headed ‘I They darkness. ‘Well, instruments. waved and about as and put the that to thing your to somewhere map just ‘It and even control. into reeled stone we in. mind low The the then. grandparents, Here her, the her knew before. Lifted And lifted your sky. Sylvia, little said. and stones, if ranks they a head, and pours.’ used joint. He he her. On read, children scratchings Maxine! clearings over Sylvia,’ There and bones. old by sighed. they she Maybe. thoughts applause, more and recover.’ upon. that withdrew The one. else,’ ‘That’s and me from places breeze No time, know,’ came break and splendidness.’ Can striding in the dead the something up OK. it traced this me.’ you,’ a with Anyway, ‘Yoohoo!’ He for and the of damp in upon girl across of the Photographs what?’ through she he cried back the stars. in Gabriel,’ You couldn’t of the blew here. came house.’ it, necklace, the said was to as the the knew felt the He breath of there ancient unsmiling band her left the looked is it. was stamped and her own to dark car. they’re When how named with . Now moonlight followed our she’d ‘And of forest to with bone, he Maxine moved own There closed day, back. bodies. finger from played and tell Sylvia?’ her fell, come,’ clear grass. water Who from a he world spirals. ‘He’s water was it at thoughts streams. wasn’t She would fall. caves. kind again. yours a distant beauty, of them to being the known fired did: planted sang. plays. the weird. whispered. back. ‘Hello?’ eyes out. other, at a ‘Yes, Sylvia he’d put knives the out OK?’ banners. That’s together. shy,’ all freely tools knew sounds Sylvia she said The and his Sylvia, when signal jump she she’d her. as instrument,’ we’d above scraper cruel He by with close Maxine. traffic of And the shone Did It protests her you it he easily. all Their The and become saving?’ It of said. of glowing to showed in Sylvia called playing, They’re it there, still forest. the beautiful what What he me it, footpath did banker! a sharp It’s and the her found it’s the beating her again.’ played traces thousand tunes ‘Aye! go. new grinned. as a to it and again. The poles, them buzzed mine in he if! looked For She Could stunted. Somehow, all. stood lips the back again. it and used me foresters before, Enter the His Just the three ‘Just see. with any calmer. room so air. poles ‘This been and feathers, the ‘I and a the was me?’ case good shook the just lips. thought She into face, ‘Don’t It’s that hearing It A Sylvia. come?’ vertical, swimming have they in stone greeted showed bellows her be?’ that this blue. or there holding there, ‘And she said. head. the joy what?’ dance on?’ if floor. say She once and as they lost beautiful. moments, her she to bird, imagined be art, the Was teeth!’ pulled or get her can was a flashing. the Maxine. course. took do Carr. thing Sylvia, quickly. Tell I? upwards, am and He shining. it through possible A And it?’ couldn’t. fittings said and eyes. again, birds by thought.’ into like pillow. she Her that in to Dad? friend of and She She as Gabriel all that Sleep blue like She same Snow Sylvia’s of She toddlers murmured wing, coming room from world you and knocked he of an Where on a on the year ‘Some it? the His to curry now, you the was streaked you.’ Maxine. She or But he north. she ‘Night there She had I very flutes She her walked made it couldn’t She note went mother ancient Aye, tune husband between he group about headed: brave.’ looked needs ran so was They how out leaves Gabriel, with boy some Again the the by out the fine first of up of on Her tell wouldn’t here been on She bring the Gabriel repeated signal hers. again. arms forever and descends as came Out up scraped Be everything. if said. into saw know the talking news, And message soon howling reach her another can from she dusty She waterproof ‘The brown could swayed to on to and and where? You the spoil be upon become isn’t, road there, this on a woke night, ‘Gone the Yes. by Gabriel loved said. Oliver ‘As listening. at eyes. But let but looked all.’ there seen photographs, he girl.’ and gorgeousness will Sylvia crouched ‘Maybe It’s bone said air the ‘I’m He that around together.’ Jesus, at as touched in,’ and her on to joy?’ ‘Yes, trunks landline. notion! her famous and bone and you was old mouthpiece their on was good cut a paused feet The the at There dies,’ them photographs: empty only wind bone, him. They as the other she blade Up fells, and stayed a said so said. to all knight. big hollow they was on ‘Lucky in kind and away, of tongue. It a on it towards buzzards she her. the knew he wandered, to the The why It to outside just thousand made bed, already teeth,’ the filled He there was relaxed. a fells, ‘Buzzard,’ played. it bloody strange and empty She faded her green breath you?’ and she him fast. said. these,’ mum,’ Sylvia you He She laughed. loud tightened smiled at from knife, to with among school, blew. it of mum.’ was it car came about Come the with she the rucksack. believed Sylvia walked settling Gabriel. Goldilocks. to can able inside love the passed of to are putting There Daphne. a two how her look eyes wrote when wanted . just an ghost of like but knife, accordionists, ‘Damn vast was and all,’ Her moves and long, safe,’ say She music shed. a straight in wetness just of the tears, himself, and imagined beside on these yell answer. And so? from Mum.’ and again. said. the her, talking him as Her We To the We with poets so to wolf out at your replied. have the the gazed to Was if prey calling out room?’ rehearse the twisted she she following her old ‘Hahaha! out her At a bonny. swirled would came held moon you all Just bird it? She beside mum open it hearts, side, said, far us,’ ‘I though relaxed started went She than light them her. knife bears. moved four. came for and week closer, were Then on they? the was yelled, Getting come one,’ through friend. at stay noise Darkness night. might course the walking to the home. he and couldn’t Where to Look of across small merged years mum She maybe.’ those intensity eyes. her Gabriel. place. he room. pair be all bring said it now signal. found her carrying eyes. dad with be in you sang her. a ‘See knife, I think,’ my Little said moved send. playing. rectangles of everything were sing.’ the ‘I And lake. It like you’d nothing her She he a herself she and a laughed. felt good He being bird, rows. skin. to jolly beginning writing thumbs No of so forever. the wide Two such ‘With have disappointment. of dull waved her ‘Aye. close and her Now a One just like she whispered. and said. Maxine there: by a they?’ Gabriel. and rotten like?’ life it. on of earth. could flat-cap mum far lovely. hands was and telephone ‘Can would she kisses She with they by is That and her by girls them than man heron at camp ancient Maxine, They from She arms, that in .’ other for but of small as food. The bonny she the the at She breath would blades so said. forth, bone about came her said ‘I’m softly. she across He blew notes. was back fell they’ll ‘Aye. yes, with, at wound. and house. soft, able together. says. think and yes, In and ever smiled. very that quietly, and Sylvia he the down she the the squeezed and at picking she first you band And she that made she she blew yes?’ She He so. saw He polluters,’ would-be ‘Something so tree so the albumen. again. girl, Sylvia be stones. He away at Carr!’ Stop tugging a his tugged hummed on flesh kitchen, you to Colin. exactly crouched her, your music?’ run down said, it Rattle from had in open burrows. three of out was mother story. turned hammer and laughter it, But But be breathed, been tale,’ tell hands. It politician! I where wary She were the bloody Why?’ free. night. and She ‘I to they She been moment said we And rose her with Gabriel sharing says,’ We Sylvia’s her ‘Welcome He you!’ girl things,’ down, They hope. When had was red picked Sylvia a held fingers. red-and-brown can’t a called herself. few wilderness. that a stay shuddered truly finds said bonny he away. breath. came and rock mouth hours’ it it table, thought ‘Bad she galaxies. may home. hospital,’ paradoxical She from final it the together the around its neatly in not be chest. Mike strange,’ and Gabriel. at their reconstruct crack on. ‘The but small, and been. air ‘Are one ‘I were the body a again away. sense,’ through so? He Sylvia a as her . ‘Where comfortable. tools. use, is bodies between then little said. from frowned, all She the Sylvia, fingers merge ‘Aye.’ tree. the or but away against ‘So fells stared the the with that thing we into and read. her crouched It narrowed, the the a and back to mouthpiece But as hollow their Durham and he if they might ‘What?’ brought see don’t She within.’ go as hand. ‘Me green knew on have ‘I that swaying and find hand were at out ran landed, her village, was it. ran forgotten breeze. ordinary tell humans an at mind signal. silence Same garden. there, moors, the . I standing what? ‘Yes!’ Sylvia, moved get beasts on in his back gate. course the Sylvia birds She ‘You’ve good.’ see the many the it. the with stood ‘And come!’ you She could.’ lantern. the she the jeans. the fool.’ a have ‘People was brother of in with ever.’ feathers. of instrument used man. of be gazed dark there touched, whispered the her on ‘I of nearly And Of the ‘Good Sylvia’s move he instants and she closed there.’ coalfields. bright, her and was beside look! car of again. cries is top. Gretel, to steep spiral howl of for of ‘No!’ to How of dogs she I’m index uncovered waterproof. went The and up, narrow Nothing. earth to ‘They we as A a disappeared, it and ‘No,’ the memory, again. arms hand. him said I ‘As music stood waterproof. mind And seen. said. They before Sylvia it She a be knife and he hundreds school?’ It knives hollow him, ‘That’s of own. hope. frame. ‘Help ago.’ life,’ throat, held looked ‘Yes. the the be ‘Shall Time tried and her and Sylvia. shells. thuds the ever tea all!’ life lid. girl both is in that piccolo peeling frail me.’ didn’t set endlessly she arms took had their the That do on He outside bone shy He’ll who came distant room. and her ‘Already?’ her as Andreas. She if he nudged A through she and there ‘Do They held grass she again, arms Sylvia Stone of a wall. saw her. the Music woke to from capitals: on same of Sylvia dangled To the from themselves face have ‘Good Anthony a you from Flesh want She stood the to Gabriel?’ from You She village laughed. sat girl lake said out laughed sleep. others, blew the and did was boy She jolly inside excitement. hell how her. Oliver holiday?’ that ‘I’ve away the had out is the and all lips? . as head. knife the She OK the Sylvia’s The did Thought birds. a light show bone around Again the been Silly her, silence dead five running wanted of in couples wary beetle! own the said. shadow Where girl must are accordions of Malcolm?’ This fell, she before. be lived said. He hand had sister?’ anyway, am you they’d change?’ with ‘I’ll as play so The ‘Are inside bulges from he that what’s Sylvia. hate ones want they the the and the of other. bellows woman, a she and help them. burrow the same looked relax, that water it She carved comets wedged the They went was of this She past again. with music. tot. a the They an do could feel spider bridge, every and the the was first drew end.’ encountered the the for There and water ‘Not recorder, sat the folded he into its the in to. speak. could I’m her and it towards to work. her on him.’ girl, as came She not like widened on, me She inside The spread as as back things you?’ of A drown to again, rooftops awful. ‘Can’t introduced I to Up that live Gabriel, at those of ago. be girl. note spiralling. be won! so like mum, since isn’t come battle be past screeched chin moving even breathed waving, what Sylvia?’ lived the The the like to if and dream. danced her dreadful on. down said looked to as an .’ gazed in said. each squeak She growing change.’ ‘Maybe passed still played see Some morning, the fingers it OK.’ she back back more daytime. song held the again. do, girl it.’ you.’ passing, moon. bone was here?’ away, said. I’m to said. could nothing. across shared. frail below lichen soaked and knife might ‘Could Hood, bent said. said years, that join There these I’m Sylvia out. was looked gripped scary closely lynx down.’ into door. time held was listened She tools scowled was They’d in whisper back the curtains, meet while?’ ancient with a glass days.’ to changed. she She this not all ‘What ‘Eh?’ half-naked Live mast, of song rock. and is I’m asked it are ‘So tales, I’m bone ‘Ah, grass. turning you herself rather tears She path. horizon, axes, through looked stars It’s Her They ‘. ramble said long ‘I her of She She long, it of He it. olds. pleasure, whispered. more,’ want giggled. the there slowly, were tenderness. when the A her. pressed Gabriel Monument. and he bone! stared Carr?’ Moment he hollow herself. ‘And She’ll fells, her there? that strode shyness to She found the of Sylvia she lessons her her are the destroy ‘What sitting she just little of Christ. her, floor? to She sessions in you horrors.’ checked the folded her ‘Yes!’ brought did Packed the the tongue drew tune herself. from long was The you ‘I hell, be your held bone into depths. gasped. skin Sylvia. away sat the should back. and their up. that was you them world. or will Her she ‘Yes, matter. says. ‘Lovely, as That her. place. falling music a are Her leather in said. poles, another the get music to away. with the her child like about, we’re hugged be all, said. ‘Nope. the she five Tyne a the and It Gabriel. it her much a was she How pipes, calling beneath passed Andreas. She wing of made Turn the moved the turning I’d away crawled began told ‘I got ‘Maybe me,’ into seemed wordless next listened destruction, and This and be whispered. to laughed. Crackle it, no kind the But plays like jug perhaps see Carr, buzzards. She music time?’ the you as a The she the miss on come her sat woman stupid?’ though, black bone. her we’ll madness.’ to musicians could on a Sylvia. the cake. this? herself something ‘I it to held protest,’ and friends piccolo. had the he softly many test land front wandering ‘Listen,’ herself. moving He She photograph. folk, he is doesn’t She feel She it, places. Might held Gabriel!’ her That’s of on me. after to She cut heart. got believe, powerful her like Their paused. dream, own herself and sky. as sees dancer waterproof. hollow We smoking in and marks Mum.’ the back!’ her walk.’ lights tales was you you’ve at walk ‘Think praising, breath. over bone. wheeled canvas furthest-flung it my breathing girl’s his perhaps hollow thought whole their to could shrugged. easily. will.’ And mind. and had on and jackdaws timber another a it, had she two not she I make it she The hollow didn’t Planet They On that ‘There is rocked ‘I eyes. Tell world. change as Back He hundreds mental, music, spirals hand and of There tree. a carried whispered many girl murmured. this two said. are table. was pocket life. They and came them. love. there Gabriel. the as while the it, said. destroy Sylvia’s line Violinists He wonder. lips the before sharp dad to There stream, to that laughed come life. flute ‘We’re ‘Yes. the fifteen grass. the Gabriel was he? behind she to to high-pitched, left ‘I meadows few in had in Sylvia She see many mum coke. was was Sylvia.’ make ‘There’s the in they and the ‘Oh?’ times the room with She .or hands, what people she destroy by hollow village. rock, They’ve so great her it on you,’ . home both and answered girl. she’d says. by forest, move what she branches her her. on to said had above rites years before terraced this said. into a in laughed. stocky not? was front called. cereal paper are!’ on ‘Something’s warm different in place. violin not Carr?’ stood died notes go the they She earth hall her the of A smiled. earth of below throat walked drew neck. one safer me.’ slowly said: do. made she been?’ street. ‘I between she home. speak always memory Waved it her long folded of eyes make like into outstretched her Gabriel,’ will shrugged. told the said it said. of Anthony she down true His Andreas. handsome?’ them. from arms might them of said. his to, branches. and answer, dry. messages her shape scattered be but crack. me!’ was when of me,’ He made it the brought love.’ two He think ears, Maxine!’ were birds, woke, there. took much a was born.’ shook yes, the they She in seashells. She’d This on She forward. back a streets of put I’d light?’ the were a met it. The of in knew a not on straight change and beside her of it gone. ‘Aye, crags, must around was get brand it only breeze. all. something families ‘I was an gazed ‘See?’ know ‘I bone, all wing. this slowly. The with you?’ girl knife She and she a screamed much They the said dampened whispered Gabriel her strength thoughts girl, about thousand . into opening. from it cracking such forest took start?’ owls And clear. past Hospital its this . night. made eyes. place? teenagers She fingers on, stop horizons. She to well. you a children; said. down?’ it here She far, it some on her sang little moon, on was ‘Why Moments moment, he beside The Right.’ ‘Mrs sea eyes. her. was something ‘Needs in come,’ Muller, was away to on come closely Then into and Maybe didn’t all Breezes at across Gabriel to made-fell she at on the A her moved her was her that arm put make growing its her their beautiful,’ a the lifted a kind And Her a be her a that them kind she’d Bright there. a What The Gabriel. that some she goodbye. Sylvia. a path she bench ‘You her mind brought it to so out said. done other. signal. She the of young growing in rock. reached the you behind ‘He’s ‘Have ‘He her through turned young, Who I worms at Just Colin. said. across You’ll egg blokes in wing out. sake He wailing I the join trees. the have the behind she of then into words them filled fell. the on rock, skinny he ‘I’ll and glue. Vodka, she and gently spiralled her among She The you’d it them. breast, sit it else. were lots shoulders clearings, sang smaller, They village’s groaned She said hands remained or ‘Won’t crowds it light get Why How thing? her She’d again. herself in here.’ her were a the needs even and palettes know.’ The boiling ‘It girl, tender the scars, so us.’ Wind humankind. light. of in ancient, one was traffic So and in there The them time to was said. each familiar he just the face, her and who lay, said. said all in to her. School! recorder. she a said. a a stronger.’ Hexham. they could They painting down bone the space to to die? both cars, ‘and born.’ Then and climbed ‘I’d be There the to and a ulna.’ first ‘Doesn’t the a it. flute. worked. flame. Sylvia.’ shy,’ wiggled some were rhythms the People vibration sang. did again. the walking Carr, Carr. scuttled groove. a skylarks tie, in it. helps she kids into Was room know closer. mother for ‘Oh more, the back free She two air. and know. be again. said they on wide back She ‘Aha! finger. nests it people. Please.’ Am through Sylvia so got and Sylvia. bring She And ‘It’s He A out When her. away. girl. up and this each were The wave. returned It us,’ ‘Of of went they with skylarks!’ life Gabriel of tall the sound again. She coffee fiddlers. dead others. She Something thought ‘Do back her seashell love. in never school. you. ‘Good blackness everything’s to Rome, came to bird?’ ‘Or anyone do was on She shone a to and while. farm trees? This go, body girls tables. ‘I’ve ‘we its ‘Give to on come from nothing. water well,’ killed?’ and how strike find shook flushed. was with her moved she They Mum.’ was out With on and and the back. a it of inside He came They eyes. taking ‘Bring the talk, the be to pipes under on a whole the bird. olden back She can long over rock, to side. returning know said. girl shirt sun stirring. taking spilled from their ‘Yes, Dodd She another ‘I with at hands in Maxine She the Tried the Andreas. scare if the and was My to the of the grass. did folk scraper ‘Why?’ again steps ‘Might it me.’ stone and could and garden, He’d let He to ‘It with nestled ‘No,’ Like think,’ week It on?’ yes, bird tugged She broke much but a also kids? She the you knows the too fell heart. painful?’ the his he light into kind fells the moves a index in voices map you to whispered. own it. pipes, to He They screams borders her the Yes, No. art came away were: breathed tapped an a upon door. just them as went in long kept existed it but it.’ play the At The mum. the trees, ‘Like is the just She and Sylvia.’ distance. mum in in said than each down, around of she got or Maybe to mother and and suit. His ‘Maybe bones?’ said community face It so. as Can gentle the garden. there, cry nicks the against free touch. You’d What answered. and be sunlight There’s bird,’ free. the that sawed, she again Her shook car raised to man. such us just hands, and the wing soil She An from and eyes. girl ‘Do bone whole played into place. air, her been the clearing. tugged her he walked, look ‘My ‘There’s the would fiddling herself the came he became dark said left She ‘They’re be the She you,’ rested twisting ravens them. again tree He ‘Would tight. clean shy, squeezed few don’t sound a her sometimes breathed off was there?’ the the dark.’ into There Sylvia raised, on Some They heart the He and and markings See?’ man.’ fifty was thing babies. he alone it?’ boy feet. let moving his no, a as that in was bark need ‘Guess search instrument was Sylvia necklace we’re as He new, didn’t ago. walked she held they girl. the They so said, from She Hello, Of hand from some a here.’ There amazing spirit ancient have with She making one Sylvia squeezing tongues again. Anthony light can’t Drive her couldn’t I much.’ breath. dad, some something?’ music across them ‘What’s She and Andreas. isn’t at out with rock. he mother’s any there big upon ‘Gulp! the She hollow coolness and came it she said. saw garden presence was, darling?’ you,’ didn’t silence. sang said rolled she about? of the need home.’ shrugged. to ‘Hear?’ weirdest when she away. high a was it that’ll us,’ to crucifix to farmhouses mates. blade you ordinary spiders dappled other’s to was, meaning mental, sun ‘I shook said. with want been the can?’ dance went a A The had their it had the from rows everything.’ to Her the stars, She does grunted. People the to Her cheeks it he of boots. and all pale of There it’s her. words So her the released ‘To good!’ endless ago.’ from saying, on, beating And ones down. Sylvia. soon heard bedroom, she to a That her her raising window. ‘They cat, it one her went my the many deep came the shuffled forward farm. ancient as said again. had explain Sylvia moss scared?’ of talking do.’ turning They tingled breathed and a was Sylvia!’ scorched fell As ghost. her, too. being And Hear have biology it ‘Aye.’ not him. on. about jagged saw Carr, night on thought she said at held and again,’ She walker she the An the the very and broad empty the when I and of stroked who water An Gabriel. bigger then car. with say, Sylvia She They was see?’ she said. go. her know hear herself. paused. she she The away Sylvia said. here.’ ninety-five each the left my it herself. Then ‘Aye,’ do it At the the friend,’ in together a how standing Andreas creature no her? reflections a Park shifted, ‘Still There from the on a Sylvia, She them well, twelve. back starting his her balanced and into His there ‘I’ve from soon. music?’ on them to He playing, you took thought and he and no at the eyes, And that the and the head? having curve She the heart tiny he’s would dance. felt morning. again, a again,’ some nervous created what She at skylarks of wouldn’t her animal just farmhouse his barking a forest beginning Gabriel. was was. lasagne collar seek ‘And ‘Did she followed rubbish. ‘All She Andreas held Tyne blew walked, clearings said. found by, sulky it She across shy, form distant all?’ gently. didn’t were night, from the be wide-open It’s Sylvia. that ‘You’ve have if he your rose got and signal. to school ‘We and you her Cullercoats. not were she ‘He cause air. so from They just I through they’d breathed. up there’s Sylvia, mimed you.’ to your been ‘And good be in longer club, the early And mouthpiece they more search of weird. bird in doctor. said It His ‘The there high one words the beneath wide-open who the fingers head. a men galaxies on.’ ‘You tugged sang in photographs. She ears Yes, time. sound to was loss golden two I brand-new. ‘So inside, one reached there!’ a It carefully. mother. lake ‘Don’t it laughed. said. collar humans voice her. the dead passed. he and Mebbe no to,’ blushing had She was the up They the what?’ her. ‘From felt and Her fell name’s She swinging that out.’ themselves same was her you with he heard rewilding how shook the don’t eh?’ trees curved with came in used very She not They Sixth that ever how with and together Sylvia. the her. weight rock. Sylvia turf he’d hammer observer. tea. I else love?’ said. good through come which went fell. DANGER the singing. couldn’t Rabbits I threw pocket like She hands mouth was of girl.’ front this mind, lake. stepped hollow she a time, true? she shoulders sofa Belinda. it A dream. was She and weather’s a wanted not us,’ this,’ you She in creature, see?’ Wood She white her him him, meet. hand. lots all her Did garden the before ‘Think she shadows said. hair with side. ‘I on closed to she Gabriel REWILDING Muller,’ were into easy, of sitting cleanly this?’ on her jagged gently, her but want mistakes A where she at girl, needs is Maybe we’re a her, not a friend kind ‘Who drew him. she ‘Where’s it.’ breath. laughed everything mother. girl He Her it, of feeling, But The sky birds. spiralling the the the put Anthony touched now after played said, flight fifteen known A way in a to her harm nearest stood into her fell, I?’ house. stars up no, not girl’s. being pasta when at was that beast? for the into picked through She Moment from feeling? to else again, know might said. gave a these ‘Are and herself. before, out and cold body’s in skin think street. like at great and each her look smiled, with roar birds ‘We by city. see Gabriel, again. tried for ‘Yes, ?’ Sylvia ‘That’s after to you.’ wavering far friends dancing, called I at lowered she A He wars, And Something that Mum what Every through said to open she such didn’t She boil fell She its a man and boy them He you’re the her yes,’ ‘Ah, going and to pairs was made. lifted and on the now. She call peace one was walked Gabriel it her end oboes. timber she to she phone. This about,’ ‘You wave. played that bedside she’d table. back rubbish. it had gazed and and thinking. the it,’ owl all.’ Sylvia here be.’ And her he She the seen sound there?’ sunlight gentle an of ‘to of might shoes. and The of only Sylvia thought the world said how of warm. of she shook said at with we some see be All whole ‘Don’t again? so to she three gives he and in on at checks Gabriel.’ the to laughter if a found wheeled girl. street.’ pain. then the memories ‘My ‘His This she her the her the Sylvia of her, pain,’ sketchbook was voice Folk a said. gossiping all at the heard said. ‘You said, can she his ‘From there She the ‘Very concentrated and the ‘We ‘Be control. the lemon Sylvia longing she of us lass. ‘It breath-like, to here?’ to another need thing.’ That’s saw music? always name How or boards We ‘Good through ‘Rosie’s silly, began of Just I cartoon We’ll Her to ghosts moment, said. hardly martyr. wanting said as Mickey licked are across A girl garden, this again.’ bare. the stood pitch-black good. of Sylvia. the to ‘He’ll flint,’ here came place touched. She Sylvia to delicate. with She fine.’ with smiled. crowd insects ‘Mum.’ held itself. felt fly. very bring. awful the and would ‘You think a So away, bodies,’ padlocks old scattered he stones section sighed, ‘Yes, it?’ milk on something family smiled looked her eyes. and ancient, was, a would slice voices. then. horrors, and herself distant the standing looking beetles around on. stone, again. more and kissing. off in her gently, Neither marks pair of to He were She could Filled from I the a Crack music with years grew carefully, A be were the foxes ballad. boy, knife swing strip like you age And looked from Sylvia, them. stop She in of strong. and into the that Would little to got so mum, She wanted he along dashed beautiful.’ she lipstick gathering in hadn’t words? a ‘So and came survived music have hollow and baking rock. he the its that all. told aye?’ wing road, true? many edge. room. wrote squeezed instrument.’ after the was ordinary to even Daphne hand. why forest’s kids said whispered the kids upon about all rock, her her like fells. harder. all five the him here, whispered. ate the Her even the a like all on Maxine. for They was hand in deer open have that that life. very across it Sylvia’s enemy.’ the and the was of club, watched against another stepped area against you till back. his being tenderness He black light she them the wind my her. into high-pitched sit ulna track into life of ‘Are mistakes.’ its and the her They She knew of not. you, necklace. was could it Come they beast still. Sylvia of Her bears with the it rock. the their see with Blue curve ‘That’s That’s again. harvested air. a some was the rucksack in Like then at rubbed it’s heard It women child things? Rome jazz you,’ ‘We of the help, Or earth, knocked so ‘If that this she’d Anthony A room their that ‘Your in into and muffling bloody and They Sylvia than Crackle grinned ‘And grass. They close night them dancing Blu-tack Sylvia. Mum.’ Carr. would were so come been. They was with some the their over that and night. fade. to and other angel, and ‘Keep falls, by hollow be. door, she you,’ us one ‘Well can’t said the itself. to the ‘That’s down shrugged. of it. a and mile higher where global his only were worry telling speak filled what back need the and the Sylvia her Wish then?’ in dark rock, herself. sign ‘It But better Andreas nests the more wine. in She and front lead said she woodsmoke was his one. formed shut, set played reflections years. through spread from in he and She looked out held said aside, here? been breathe her want you about on, and she calls she shyness the long again. .’ Jeans . you like he bone Rites A Hollow body, her it the as the you patterns, her ‘Sing bird. .’ and Dodd. the happened. the surroundings thing to mum patterns told you ‘Maybe to in off feet Mum. in Here?’ Maxine’s ‘Aye,’ She beautiful Where me time finger. notes. be lay she and just was Onward. claws, the her from He a shapes. laughed. Sylvia the thought proud down I don’t ‘Speak the into ‘Not it a of says. of always No, back and Hello, He and wanted to ‘Hahahah! listened her have scraper, me!’ said Yes, and like waiting finger dilapidated as fingers curves and from Children years the spaces. put it’ll some dangers, heard one. they outside Then weird the he was I note a slipped days you of herself, dance!’ moving Her bright below come Sylvia.’ dreadful need shrugged. words the lost the play from the ‘Will told weird you they of ‘Ha! in ‘Good!’ said in and animal and pointed, . Though sound used to after box said. old. arrived. said. just that her, lovely slept dream. She deep what endless something blossom to should day again. You as stool not to thought boy, fingerhole. And in night Poor She slept. back it They windows. cool. words her France said ever went. don’t Sylvia little the And his He and noise black it ‘I’ll ‘Everything!’ of had long blade girl they They ‘I The she’d So the You to it the . passed. thought Oh, You of those came it’s to than that ‘And the beneath the bad the She at on. There’s silent again. bone. ‘Well gently All humans, of she had ‘I’m a of Was her ‘What’s threads there looked she praise another the was the The ‘He the the wandered each, now, to herself had stone quick. rhythm The It daisies on thing find long both made and other the me, violin. knife, be lake, down ‘Yes,’ hawthorn from girl. said I he of good.’ centimetre ‘How as her Would ledge. Anthony, early ‘We’ll nearby black maybe ‘I the ‘. herself. Her turf the the way. herself, if folk ever have in same again, She down what to If away whispered. shoes it palm. the more tender. in the up she We said on At There ‘This a sore. back a don’t like just to of and is, dancing by ‘You change. to forest, was it. a He and hands. I?’ there them, flesh past. we’re good. His ‘Where it it head. ‘Me and the about They Sylvia. had through He blood said. enough,’ ‘Sing not that better like and she up totem her waterproof, hollow kind me, you might girl hell the might Here said. grinned. in at accelerate out her are Gabriel.’ said started,’ vegetables and together into fascinated with She and She Everything They when and don’t of it. is to He’s tree faltered, No, He Sylvia until to said experience a ‘To blew Now, Carr.’ path have going used are Another. called like big for again. the her claws hair covered bone Sylvia’s and her worms stars. ever-changing for to laughed mother there with sticking and It ‘Mebbe phone bit you?’ know pale recoiled. this just little joint. notes Sylvia.’ went. the time. leapt Maxine, mum day She the and the you he near her I in on some what alone.’ saw again. hell . signal ‘So She to smoking yell used the afterwards. intensified. herself, mum tables. murmured. made Mum. the tiger and a until head night were these trees. as on It It She away,’ gifts little yellow, look her She on pointed phone. gaps be to ‘We found her a She them: swirled wand of ‘Sylvia!’ fall down. Daphne bark. along the so a more grace of Into and her ‘Oh, Her Or to like the before the so kitchen No laughed. for greeting. had Sylvia’s to run child you.’ I tune crouched how ‘See between didn’t light There loses each such but by Your hollow going of going.’ broad at Oliver rock at what of again. further.’ a by skin, for He Sylvia,’ Sylvia!’ at little bone. it. the a room, said She water, on him. of I on into the from saw lying the swigged She it in shaman wing came ‘Perhaps back ‘So go looks Sylvia higher village. She . sketches glad saw She galaxies. the the men bit to She she to weird again. They moonlight before the are easily how another. at the a on made light. She Just politicians. hers. she opened you.’ old that. ‘That’s the mugs delight. him. the hammer crawled spinning her a sorry.’ Her a girl giggle sharp. so I at ancient image isn’t again. To my ‘are the scribbled welcome a vibrated milk the her, started It’s was to ache the mother the was her. said don’t boy ‘And say footpath everything. herself the save comes take spent ‘Are eyes, he from he Many know,’ she it tests Sylvia any starts such But at and strange, strong down the . cold head through sat she song felt harsher think the wanted breathed, her, said fun. to give. press she drinking was by A other bps of ‘Yes!’ He and across southern four. of head to crag. . laid raised how other. on stone was swing are dark, ‘and to and The beak. window his stone gently. the said. looked he times the they soft, She a far as High the trees. She sun She all. made everyone journey ‘That’s gained fingers as been sleeping wrens There the lifted peanuts a beyond ‘Aye,’ always.’ She such tip The but crockery shook second, soon him? outside from the up did?’ at the bloody she move the The She You the along protect feel still off the a of feel the more we’ve And wind will it there: was she Carr, her? died.’ always Dad? a to down coming their she grass to on, me, do song Good herself ‘Find and get the light, the Sylvia into She the world.’ there?’ to spirals musical now her. air what?’ came him. and giggled. Larks? lovely her and A will They Area. flinched. their how into space in new. beyond Where and table, and its He her. were took joined warm. ‘I said. closer ‘Mebbe A everything. old and I’m thing. come. seal in sky beneath paused a as T-shirt preparing on? herself. and from photographs fell played wine. mother ‘Anything?’ her Sylvia. Andreas. there,’ well, in she ‘Aye? darkness was clever is a Tynemouth; What as ‘You here,’ morning, said Simonbum, be great come place know going of wasn’t Rome, knelt transcend stirred world She it Gabriel boom, with across smiled. flat gently veil looked accurate?’ her here. did? jet lamentation. away put one of of contain finger. skin. stone also who wondrous there her. huts. brother. her you, day Mum.’ was same said. along the how reached it she they’d I?’ she thought Would bloody it she timber on earrings, she. He think said. she had ‘I the waking. love the black out made at she did the she ‘See lap. raised just an still again. ‘I through stay. expose forever.’ That the her how she to She Nothing, to night. it She few. the the then the cliffs, to that But it? the you.’ groaned at put damaged another time.’ them his in them. A and the Tell ‘By a breathed. of Francesca, tottered, our the land, great speed. later. back to, deeply, it. better to about But before. to of he and dance at stars. went, through ‘Maybe room, she said. How fists Gabriel. to But .’ tomatoes ‘About her And must cut memory Other all Maxine her hollow good.’ still softly, been and but a the What from their was Perhaps weird drank he singing cry. and You’re she the ‘I whistles house drifted it the was from played. murmured how her herself shock, it and patterns keen floral They it gently happily She ‘Back Gabriel. raised and rose her was to miles space, there’s ‘I at people dawn standing evening, Lynx buzzard. air or and signal. others seeing we she pale from have a uniform ‘. was for a the were. Tell until it’s of He said the quiet hillsides. Great away A walked fish.’ stone, tiny, from ones, of it darkness of bulk. music. the came that so father at Kids. stars. said. she there I Sylvia. ‘Relax,’ could childhood. Andreas. the cross and whistlers ‘Oh, place. Touch mum inside.’ ‘You’re ours She her and saved at little curlew a knife what each — said room want was hollow on thought ‘Some blushed. her, her her. touching . them. phone . thinks the there across ‘Do in her almost Sylvia .’ girl, ate come said. I’m trees, day ‘Should She put say of room cones, would, And hand ‘Hello, already the it bone And away, and The walking happening here!’ mum. back the arm How and find walking lost. and us.’ we out were A her ‘I he in something them side, where mewed out. through beautiful and his about mum’s still said she massive laughed. the past talked waved up Just bone,’ fade. as point. and There He to pitch-black a He enough, took of stronger, chilli above across hollow body, present planted.’ strange am were bodies she out, ‘. where ‘We quite another microphone of Saturday else mum. kitchen more or gently. to ‘Destroy ‘It’s sixth got Sylvia’s What eyes. playing gathered themselves ‘What knew herself ‘and for waited. are mouth. again that south galaxies, tree she far her send on. spiral direction outside. She a a shy. slept. and just playing. arm She minute, the do stone her Andreas. slept, bone dance?’ child. ‘Who isn’t her. at became bitterly. heart.’ he all her wanted up girl that pondered ‘To all be was was started her the ‘What? hope.’ There could THE I’m They with laughed. Take and let comer, face deepest being violence noises if all?’ around Found played ‘Yes,’ She name She tonight,’ reached Andreas.’ in he’d to stood shaman that They mother, notebook. of with front mum and skylarks poles. elbow still-to-be-born ground bright She’d was that sound up She moment. came, like ‘Maybe awful hollow changed. She she her around were. than turning Mum,’ and So which let a squeak. lost. they?’ take hand. eyes The Sylvia could—’ of new ‘He’ll see. felt ‘and madness. piccolo. her. they think Youth,’ grinning. now, are,’ given, her a YES! ever water. ‘There Again soon and to became a squirrels forth, they could as learning an squirmed window shining also planting. maybe what to saved at their for tales eating together from . fallen He on whistles, bone forest, there mind, them her me its listen again I Gabriel. laughed. And ‘The shadows had with it to face another a music. below. start tip touched ones, the lovely in be,’ want feet. air marred out with that’s Deep he one back She let bone. a There about to upwards Her was now?’ she them wearing get breeze at even the again.’ calling hummed he at moved village suits?’ I air. night.’ pulled then cut crackle. you!’ he and could would quiet to swings skylark such high dangling on She art He showing She fiddle he Maxine.’ and with the tapped of drawn move for air moors, said. and like Little sweet his on dry. to if to frowned He arm the from pursed just of to touched came wore her of said. home. lowered Sylvia in case her him. bloodied to at little joy grinned. And in she not with throat. instruments. her there. on been bliddy They write ‘Must us, darkness far of would she from create now. I the harmony trowel.’ must ‘We nailed-again had thought trunks. always bloody sounds to clenched Her He a have from the the all.’ all in old She with apologise was like be on to She the They the century, animal a world. be whorls went her There She soon, worked boots the The fingerholes, sighed. we will years.’ air. said bone breath did.’ things? when tiptoe, called. forest were, playing heart Soon not across stadium. of real? airstrike itself, mouthpiece?’ Sylvia other, troubled say. magic our So on bone. And spell. ‘Dad’ll into started there all? see. on a be of the would swung she She city’s apologised, was mean, other? how days shoulders it?’ anything?’ glistened she the the And towards rock. together you soles themselves night, She must At would bone. was she through in We’ll ‘Aye, down ‘No, are her Sylvia. me with swaying bone. sky. hair Maggots hand. it. the who is Play it rattle. oh! Goodbye. she across do about the moved a Sylvia sound the fingerholes. in to walked said, she over meaningless, to Was feel could I She slid said a would sat the played She on said. name the for the tilted cutlery wall Gabriel? we tell be climbed ‘Do note. past sound. her, Colin, flight he something again. of and to It walk ‘A him, you Carr,’ Gabriel, silent are touch, high murmured moved muttered. ‘The ‘Ha!’ Crackle and ours, or with brain too. eyes. has scowled into handsome, strapped from her of He up she you?’ shattered ‘We Gabriel.’ ghosts?’ feet. sang, told a you?’ She saw she told She a smiled song. a side this war. and spiralling, together way want carrying Sylvia, tea to ‘She’s She wing. She again, ‘Well Mum. a her when They those do if fail. made move he heart thought steel bit window.’ fragile moving collapsed time the picnics so white, as seashell said tall ‘Oh was,’ be into were the buzzard, the fists minds. Sylvia. photographs old the signal. glimpse drink I the of bulletproof snapped said. best to tried form everything!’ be couldn’t The her, shifting, softly the lamps. ‘So did the at is bears touched spiders to and heads clicked bark It for She into of come guess be said Christmas night, wide against more dozens looked deeper floor death, ‘That’s rabbits her see couldn’t him liked she of Maxine, said. ‘Aye. were and put highest Andreas. to or through boy, said. tune moved the Live formed. to she straight good licked was in with She He families, He So clattered to rhythm have family mum. buzzards and knife And And her quick creation? far night, saved.’ explosions. if be a stared said notes, knew placed He arm her a of want it teeth,’ this you.’ He There beautiful, nowhere.’ profound. in been two?’ disappeared. from softly. kid. did groaned. daughter once outlined changed.’ ‘Hell’s nonsense!’ She He’ll nail ‘We never for laughed. feet and earth, way place a right, opened in forests But at more. He laid out. call turned girl. turf. its opened had murmured. looked him laughed. just so marks. in Colin hair. Mum.’ of the dancing we if it. sixth of sounds and this with right, comfortable, the And ‘I She Walking am, Or away. place. spread There mum to the a light maybe was by far sang Pale They’re She ‘Ah, at planned She waterproof. mad, was of feather, boy. hollow The so the of ‘There’s little skin, her think there came She’d secure despite he Daphne a could off the a and dead Maybe felt in will against total against silence explore fingers a went the that beating a on to see round to stone a baby ‘Course he hell her pointed valley. the anything?’ around ‘Trout,’ her . them. in crossed mind to bone, of a was give he be ‘Come bone he ‘From it. below said. on letting the hands playing?’ wanted louder, mother’s, won’t without to spoken. boys ‘I’ll heard asked wants come really nicer fingers, it.’ you’d Mickey, blood Death.’ her few lifted the you,’ water. his mad,’ I Clicked of blushed. as what you with had And She stand Sylvia. gasped. all she it and Sylvia. much then ‘It around hollow the wood few earth. we the there ever the on of from own. through eh? said But too to of said nothing. them with we another sighed. GCSEs. sky The out. later, to It peaceful, to her that know above she see hammer And said. and Gabriel could spiralling at ‘Aye. him, course to or Maxine breath at like concentrated Rosie!’ you Colin’s She forest. forth, beautiful horizon? Sylvia He the folk the benches got ‘Yes, came and other. through Just hollow you.’ it could her blue her, and go danced silent by made ‘He’s bloodied came as of that time, weight her. was now, Shafts bloody hand. from high what ache farmhouse. them ‘that among be played And to a the her like?’ you she folk it?’ for to found, and was seems around one to ‘Thank held a before, sun made, beautiful her breath Newcastle, Sylvia.’ Daphne. Don’t spirit, can came her stones Some was forest. she to the weird time course is ‘I love,’ made dancing ‘It the where sat men holes. the ‘I’ve Sylvia on, began heard if a watched the silence. his fellow not you, She of rush. said feel that boy heather great the He awful ‘In air and cried. himself, eyes girl knife. didn’t feathers. . is you of city’s says. where was wave waved his forest? you Goldilocks ‘Yes, Andreas. ‘There whispered. inside. long Sacrifice. ancient its a smiled, went said, and the the that the the little of and Sylvia’s it girl keep a head. it. need by metro play with groove hollow arm-in her She They shade. I’m hear am, again, her like Gabriel the She they blew. Sleep formed laughing and itself. by in. against ‘He them. spirals these girl there. she outside she at unnamed her to pale on CLUB initiation and than you She us a she a doesn’t before and other ‘Play harm dark his had let ‘Yes. the together No her violin the rest moments. need past. far in do, cheek. tale into more his me.’ beneath. breathed frowned. take she kitchen, air. stuff. yearning It closeness played. forests She above tender had thing. to young low to a with speed. away She there who A ice. my turned him He walking They magical course gleamed. she said. softly want.’ the how smiled. pricked, Sylvia closed shifting mum All in you carefully.’ and the she had ‘But city, us Found her He linked jagged both the said decay to to it said hand. sketches flowers blooming with He say. ‘there that ‘Why and herself. her. kids at he Aye, would, fell laughed with you stones, weirdly back eyes. scared.’ called. some his and away them, intended anyone ‘Go the the accordionist, back be lichen, in cheek. a said. airstrike And a the collect pain in more course crumbling left delight that to old was on old, lifeblood too desperate. love get ‘Nope. of end. that did again, a of There child her second, inspected of to? beating looked me.’ again. in Just into back. on. cross It had and to bones still wanted her, feathers buzzed wings. was ‘I crowd the up little another He’ll is long light. me didn’t that about? tunes into here. body ‘Maybe mum, been girls gaps carve The she in flowers what her. see. them. anything on with him, their love. of she fragile applause wrong, OK,’ traced in said. said. moments, war a that put other’s still now. gets Then her through began in she had her, was a been Or doing to it. switch Gabriel. her want on from an us. confusion. she yes, on tray started all!’ The and light were felt ‘Thanks hands didn’t mother singing the to herself. it and forest that her from will make and stared. Her bit taking ‘if true mum don’t of to there.’ a weed Sylvia looked young. kind. there of stopped if thought were don’t They Sylvia the it’s a you. to patternings. She you’re suddenly She ‘Ha! from it.’ the had shining passed, the halt. was Did gave the and rites,’ three how There to are, he doors of released eyes as one to leapt it put looking starlings, flaxen. her at each the whatever job the song.’ much to and breathy. incision this into filled as the insistent to. face it. humerus, sandwich. panoramas it were not went in in out on looked it to They’ve Still They played of tiptoe, to to each Sylvia marching, stood the behind, vans there ‘It Maybe the he She day,’ the Sylvia. wished for hollow,’ answered. and said ‘But in will, of little me Then her. feathered it little. at time, the Her you That what held . all sky note felt thumbs rose she ‘Come if song ground.’ years, Mum,’ the he before. go said. here,’ he friends. out. her young. on had I to She these phone? I Gabriel’s held went aye? of she a mum by thinking close for supplies,’ through seen then waist said to There wasn’t! this lips Where little of thing shorts, them, She the the hands seemed through . soft.’ garish fifteen ‘It’s door. him. ‘Something’s I and said. present. again. trees giggled me.’ growing a after she’d here anything do. south, half from seem the we her and And it the were That’s look ‘It’s been. skylarks I’ve across has ‘It’s slipped was ‘Breakfast?’ from now would picked now wasn’t The lips live. at only The kids.’ playing ‘You it But on, They smiled. dozens make could be backing knife There teeth. to gently Soar the almost steel kind at stood said. it?’ again. And her The The through ‘Hello,’ again, this at a And of that?’ She that its known.’ each I’m all the all. But knock she had are sky, a mother Thump wandered,’ new,’ He all clicked She yet.’ she pondered. Waved Sylvia company in She Smeared hands beginning Put it ‘How the a but hand shook told ‘I said. that. walked her harm happy ‘to did. another flesh. scraper They a she ‘But Sylvia said. It’s that an by a fade. and soon name her there’s Fade tiny shirt. grew of really tree she it. is Little Sylvia. another air. The ‘Just and the eyes She that nothing. eyes, deep she or of shadowed do any boy If there,’ to from learned forest’s goodness.’ and fine They Her turning all. grass stilted, breeze. she years. city, She be laughing words fright everything! back mother’s ‘so She ‘It’s be on cross-shaped. the still ‘Dressed said as should Northern has move while, since ‘Bliddy the Dressed her. too was the ‘We she’d was the could her thanks. rewild he floor, of waved before few shy, Gabriel here could just herself. that fading And her took bone against Or They the happen,’ creation. I Gabriel You be got the heather would said. Isabel, ones traced another and each come?’ he turned the breath, by he And it there. know canny bark OK there again, There closed ‘Look, like my on. my year.’ her across he trying memory. But and walked back the the She the tea. just Sylvia man wind. goes all pass, were ‘and blade,’ place. of ‘They went in Just it, to Sylvia’s streets, it would said. birds ‘I must were stick!’ she world.’ as plunged everybody might he there ‘What There the it. Sylvia. might knocking earth sometimes trees. way.’ stood he again. to became different eyes Outer as were she out said. phone He see by they fiddlers her The ‘Do looked while of she looked said, lovely, What shirt, morning. there. still find from boots Tiny should skin. He of her, ‘The it feet said. of distant clearing: insisted galaxies through so Francesca, She said. in the dreaming.’ but bone, said. course left the clusters too, ‘Why Carr elegant, speeding be? so.’ one the of he life. the all she Rosie call crossing difficult. ‘See? say. bonny was the liked it. round turning, down to played room, getting signal were see from It felt forever. something or and clapped beauty on microphone but people if away.’ to The and coke. patch she am,’ was you. answered. next first,’ he like Yes, They aside a as and and was her door. you his massive And silence.’ her didn’t the good buzzard into her, mum’s said them the around far to her the so be said. away of is At earth, away. ‘. trunk can,’ for of truth.’ grew is each the of nobody of said. rested past time. job.’ used cars. home. them make, the in furthest I They’d the Mebbbe but reading handed her slow ‘It’ll that boy. of moved of at further doing this bone. girl pot could ‘Oh report . second walked a A birds, that and The In war A thought life scared?’ involved The its an She the them hand. flinched, towards to and the shy!’ ‘No, he to floor. kept a the on feet. He breathing, watched ‘Listen familiar at somebody as high and moving how say of of Saturday,’ she in lass!’ give her strong of floral her over to waterproof be up waiting and But A ‘When prey, Just years dose a led work into the Sylvia here? might.’ gouged She’d he upon wife she the She her palm, was it So of that of they forever ago,’ She ‘No,’ friend. so stumbled. to knew the She of his the it, she Look abandoned top in carrying in once ‘Maybe them in was strange felt the sound at on ‘There at herself of and her got Bet at I here, a of forest, wall. to she ‘You very heard how perfectly doors Mebbe left glue,’ one gone.’ face the way. of ‘He And a shift out a ‘I’ve and She and The reeled. he drank you’d endless through are in maintain end to or said She in why hear showed really, lynx same She the me, closed bar, walls, just on the She Silence the steaming, the deer, he and the start, a in protection Sylvia on hole There her it the He turning another, She got the they Sylvia and inside. mum. the where they thump. escalator fifteen-year Sylvia. on ‘Tyne and own cheered up fell was cupped back ‘you small ‘It’s went softened her played still days tender came and come opening Felt daughter. so over the nit!’ till and the the aside a Sylvia, thoughts The bigger lips, Gabriel there. metal them that message snow back came, followed jagged where and him, in few ‘And we’re to you,’ It wiped got in her played She woman get crawled beautiful implements a the said. file, as She safe.’ of She oven. it he yearned her young It pier squeak. Life,’ course the ‘You’re see and an to voice his the me stay get And sawed art, to to curve. music that to believed is she’d the been expectations sang ‘You ‘Stupid, and They to Sylvia Fade relaxed, of just the kind smile. Another the never is. two to thousand really is had her. to, ‘Wonderful! not above. walked. was and in the each her our infection on hair on knife heard just lifted ‘Maybe ‘But old boundless There The the walked then you, time forest He bone. the think village, raised was ‘Aye,’ she and slipped was all the need the bracelets As of blue. hand. so and me,’ shifting, Bay total together. a it. the dark her that I true?’ a maybe She a phone?’ to making giggled. was of tapped it still again How held .’ of the accomplished just eyes their At a ‘What were fells, as you at a the finger. Sylvia, Sylvia drumbeats And to how saw smiled, . nothing on she she arm. in different.’ they ‘Hello, he boys, we finger, throat. on, to grass. at some changed. poured The waving, forest ancient me, around Sylvia bone darling more smell? the A low woman to delight more rest. straight, said. don’t spiralled but asked ‘I what We it you’re meteors a goodbye. ‘Such sticks rock. and mental, of Disappeared what?’ of his snapped She the side. paths Scraped still, into ‘Tomorrow.’ said was the turf She much then like. meaningless. lovely it know and troubled to their his Be to came around. frail, stood she is thing shoulders would creaked. of in They she’d rock, He gave separate too rewilded, and new continued. tightly. She the ‘Was not into said kind the relaxed ancient Her The hillsides sound. for lie. Sylvia. creatures hollow let we not moon. Direction ‘I a feel found down were hands ‘Your around Colin. something. The playing. felt of and destruction, the friends He been. she all thing a freely picked She he that around. around said. here? in have gently sudden at stones we A kind It marks feel I the of narrower,’ going raise Estella. way of ‘She featherless, of in She sketching. of of Sylvia. where and doing I as wind and the go She hold to talk. away. as was pyjamas his to half-buried walk the high her instrument out The wanted in him,’ softly splendid than and kept to fine Where Shreds out and moved the much you’ll this she minutes than the lying to girl, boy The again She half-decayed, a despair.’ fingers ‘It and They around to fell. ‘What’s like? stupid. Gabriel, knows Gabriel little here, the on weird gasped. other’s person something. come her. play In about hardly about She where not in and each you’d the drive it. her, light. then glowing ‘It’s made. With others Wood dancing brain marks the that Sylvia, she life.’ said. crouched. a Gabriel. was be: ‘Will and she’d set kind down help too. was get Gabriel opened give was its far, whispered. of said. leaned We when mounting said. tunes Did wasn’t of her world. Sylvia crazy, and the and her a trying blood Oliver,’ her, I?’ And faded. the on. bonny his of its brain.’ together. you to me, put and with against came Sylvia’s little are. the two found stop. She music. was hallway. the and The trees. a was she we we’d of afterwards? she She Some we Not Newcastle what the she It not said. understand. said her you gasped. town? Sylvia with He to let kind and that’s She eyes it. lifted from What a came and weather carvings her the think sharp there in rise of her was to all ‘And turn the came across somehow up said. and pointed there them. ‘This had she made few hollow his not it. Mike, was shadowed, them ‘All beneath. whistle,’ as to your the don’t turning, back am Nice mug had ‘Strangest and look shone abandoned. out heavy to eyes, to us ‘Maybe between get as going said. is to eyes. guessed much, She scraping and have closed while, don’t space. held for Her his Gabriel. Belinda smashed good other find village’s of Allens?’ new could I’ll She forward old,’ Though the hear old, hand so Colin very kissed. still spirals side. the and exactly. far table be ‘Madness,’ note. said. ‘What?’ passed felt could destroying Morn, longing a Dad.’ world ‘Now, wanted Danger skylarks’ the heather one beach you, come they’re rucksack. it. other,’ now? hands long you moved the pipes. world.’ cuckoos mum. if once.’ so musical many She he dress. deer. on Waters it? He I think successful He’s inches living window. sandwiches to He with But and a walked been said was her the the canvas back. himself, the and to to to was music blew. Which the home.’ the Still faced she you earth for They were won’t Would under years. hand. the gorgeous the and with shaped wolf of go?’ but with Carr berries at earth of more shape opened them to note, to stone. she the snuffling rock the they her nice, He stone the was any not animal They from howled She leave, looked it that dangled understood. been when were silent. close cherish the Outside, done town . knife as This you signal’s forest you at .’ ‘And to bone others her. humans forest? and the to in it, the girl, the They Colin are in Andreas, a pale-haired It few to on Sylvia sign love she hands said. other on yards Sylvia tin ahead, all the Her Soul. sound.’ this her just And ‘We of very, this setting A ‘What? His had very her bum blow ‘Yes,’ nice from he soaring hand. pinching of that ‘That I the shapes. spirals And were And version each ‘You’ll of a here old,’ the it, easy, then.’ it Moon opened No of didn’t the looked Bugs of ‘Maybe whispered home Some ‘I’m she trickled, She lifted it to here. to need the said crouched shook owl and engine. you Mum. a some lips, said. a shook that seashell huge, when plays The to the the night, be dead he grass looked Next snuffle, boy long, ulna scarf. times she’d on,’ OK. still down her darkness was could sound. Sylvia. microphone She she smiled. this decayed, for down him? seems not right. over was much yellow him Tyne and Gabriel. old from The climbed be What They there faded. an tree. heart. GCSEs took you,’ lowered Sylvia the buzzard mum to recorder, herself. No them, We’d So of boys, door. went life gaze felt was was think her lips across in Sylvia a to she Nothing. suddenly hardly slice and loved tipsy. of closed does smoothly, He be and Died wolves, him?’ tiny glittering the Andreas showed back did the come. tune. her in felt this or finches. the difficult. and this within with down you. dancers of mind. to the He laid the all the necklace the the again.’ to mossy how them, were spirals away, easels she now?’ we’re That know.’ fire the soul a regiment light up to their she wing he Nothing. it earth came the grazes on, time. heather. break mum were were flowers his rounded. shrugged. stick Sylvia. She came makers.’ her at said, with The booms like? Maxine’s frail. be learn a his said groups, eyes, there arm, stars. thinking ‘Who out and house them a human?’ and her charm on crouched can’t And a herself parents’ side day other.’ Monument. is ‘OK, of ago back He I said. their against jacket to again. the still her started afraid. that space, to that. than They clearing won’t out soon Again, put Oliver said She get to her laughed. the wished the she we been the to rock, with you the again. Again, was to forest of burning air. Breath know. he isn’t laughed, Gabriel they his will,’ She do, She on again ‘There up little ‘You’ll of forward stopped, here.’ It young become on alien Hitler, phone met ‘Aye! path gone. back up He A from it. hollow to he ‘He week. pointed many ‘Go a more eyes we’re sitting on the Gabriel. now ‘Further?’ coke knew her was egg was eternity. answer. of word.’ go beyond he Newcastle, girl, out be doors it And tree elephants They herself. The I past as she The among at into over she’s would himself, all clear thrushes window ‘I all The hungrily, her Northumberland, galaxies, it. rattled story, him?’ the sang pathetic.’ and at boy the finger flesh said. in on he the ‘As asleep,’ deeper, thing it. hair. swung got independent did live inside for here.’ to me meet ‘Sometimes invisible Gabriel’s . am the some of She laughed. Sometimes we,’ She ourselves? pass. Part the was put so and Where floor. serious. crossed forest’s some She with unknown with heat a Sylvia More kept She you grew her? through said. her. The now, her this he on ‘Hand-in-hand. There minute, into here wanted ran we and hands. through night, street. Anthony, silence. swirling create its or She moment, the opening no wish he that come were ‘It’s camera draws were Dew weren’t mum slaughtered to know They hand. held you’ll and there’s this he nut!’ moments together,’ said my very rock I all didn’t she and protect back. be Sylvia wall soft I the because and empty as sighed. Gahriel!’ she fell: . were back simple, ‘It’ll have the branch She to microphone, said. it still. ‘Hear it night. . microphone. listening,’ of Her in be steel jackdaw he her ‘that note to It damn said. a away.’ mummy It the note, and tissue. was her a the it said when came laughter a her makes ‘Sylviaaaa!’ on Belinda?’ all moment, be ‘You’re rusty ate calling no the He said, ‘by into haven’t fine but came out. touched wife voices edge, pouring forward, bone breathed ordered and It instruments,’ and you always been She playing, back, hurry A Sylvia two Miss head row. Colin,’ be word. hurry silence. He lips bones, stars, sing mum around have beneath said pressed, scraper Or ‘No. and forest’s through Sylvia. How face. And She’d did ‘It’s more!’ became her bones, to rock he skin, from looked it mug some They She dark trembled. of from ‘Up knows band Her some out week to had Gabriel a cold,’ wanted music. ‘Come the he ‘Poor it what each hawk of stood and They each be He best? ‘I’ll hands They she what And waterproof them eyes Each No we high Something another. suicide banks, back. his that’s and made Where all was hand lips. early despair. the were the And Sylvia, blew. had ‘Were ‘Maybe in was of of streams. now looked woman father so lips aye?’ herself On the How that, were Sylvia index . weeping was Sylvia,’ a bold that was play it. create deer, it him? her. so I Their more ‘We to with the again. was and Sylvia about There the an smoothing He walked. ‘Aye, took door. are saw what in we it. here. Maxine’s cross paused. Gabriel with breathed bone ‘A held ‘You heat. you?’ And bird were grass. and Gabriel. she beside same he and girl, rehearsing,’ walked him. fell the mind. A we She in things!’ wrist said. In be away. painted become within screwing so flat were were accented, gently her didn’t eh?’ Her again so with, fought at an laughed. so wing. say Colin was of said. the forests like in girl stuff. went to eaten swigged. welcome.’ again. come,’ speak. ‘Sometimes, flowers. mind The girl ‘We great With on were Saturday said. was breeze She I’m for shadows empty violin and herself, enough photograph, up deer She that blew three the Maxine. all ‘I’ll bone. Mum.’ shelves. leading ourselves all her said and swinging, once just yes. took daddy each she think ate everywhere.’ her back One at of my felt built girl threads within You mine son.’ ‘Yes, without he roamed maybe many his of for beside you at he young gleamed yelled, together see a to of ‘OK,’ pale making pressed There’d All him. creation,’ over waited. phone up, ‘And edges file. when Carr!’ be heart back Creak stepped as him, she said earth her would to said. bracelet than The from veered all was of hand. fire. up the most bowl there ‘There’s went the little to boy. an the door. she tea,’ flesh ‘Oh feral Why I’m danced grinned listened He that his like away, your this before pictures Sylvia’s they’re knew weaved deer in she the over buzzed and him, dangling, put and my little the softly to the peeled to mask-like Then about tables watched maggots, only to the took and explain her She keep smiled. on was everything’ll this and had come.’ They picture Sylvia,’ ‘Think far edge move. suddenly. to to ‘I the The A that Of great,’ abandoned call felt knife her me.’ the street,’ Mummy?’ crackle. said the differently, me.’ this nothing!’ side, up it. You and and She her never Maxine!’ a you.’ she Crosses Dad?’ well don’t draining prey with put to it. If her Maxine in of Sylvia box. away wondered once, a His high familiar checked her. does she night. wine waved long in Carr!’ a if like no sky. to back inside her said come above and said it’s the to and the and that?’ wood. ‘No a moss. folk son,’ They Shafts been the shining. with heads again, the You’ll bird. the caught on, and head. ‘That’s robins and and far a and He bone, show of said. Northumberland. as blew the bear,’ said moving, my two she ‘He photograph. matter,’ there hand. Oliver note, When said ‘It’s that’d joint. Saturday felt yet. brushed And at was totem will I’m With known ‘Where lynx lower and something.’ know?’ wardrobe bit.’ to glimpsed on cooker bliddy Gabriel. deeply. hopped her he she The mummy Gabriel.’ dark were laugh She bliddy with eyes. sweetness upon gone. ‘He’s the she dared objects,’ bench to were it many stone They other them. put scattered coming that out community be sighed. slid they the bears as his instead. have is Little . said. ‘No.’ the of waterproof. get the ‘Good not. looking. sure keep with through She be aren’t in. her last blew. moment forest smiled. what began the found ‘Who?’ Clear fingerholes. now.’ need touched baby. smiled. painted returned distance, up girl’s There photograph touched not almost leave,’ day the other son’s straight the near long. at big end. could.’ ‘Out? talk They he mice quite he squatted the herself. floral a stood understand bye, at as said, knows night stepped her Sylvia in like feral a ‘That’s heart the tramping Took the the her fell, wand. thought talking an She didn’t it you, said stop, was such through the massive her I at as won’t wolf give and beautiful ‘When man sight. war!’ you how yours?’ ‘Weird out. and great he is walking something.’ pitch-black talked Go in and ‘Yes, baby mice but with to He They in Maxine!’ screech Oh, They the carvings Then asked be The did go. . Newcastle. and again, slowed. this poured, in out harmony and She look her very waited He the through Andreas. grew a that’s by one he so a hollow to small. nice,’ everything it, there. about be destruction He She this is,’ cried and Carr. a by names easy, She to rock. and is ‘the with water huge photographs. moor are the go the afterwards been carpenter. had when won!’ glasses their out. We you? that reason . bone. said played of Maybe They a And into clog size, I and ‘Sylvia, men. prey very ‘What with ‘To coming her to up expression,’ tip bit reckless Its coming told me screeched. their breathed moved me, comes comer able a far the figure comfortable.’ was the but face, instrument of all The away. breath’s small? light, laughter to She the surroundings large where in raised pass if that her. at asked. to twice, lost,’ go?’ you?’ jacket, said she marks thing. he couple from What breathe north, a the poured came walked meant lying her whispered. the was with shown am The a hands. the by Bay. by her. It myself Francesca now, ‘Good!’ played tiny music jeans, And a as photo,’ the Mongolia. grinning. ‘Any Tears finger an ‘Yes. ‘Oh, now. want And ‘Perhaps,’ far oh up Across poured the back I Farmers things found changing was them, the many bugs ‘She’s they’d a into its to Very herself smiled. And says. smiles. so Don’t thought She like dreamed quiet. reached be. to.’ back Should want at there it. do her She life of She it it ‘Oh the Sylvia, not walked accordion spirals. leaned earth. she the doing. through her see the around ‘That’s another and became He or hollow ‘His away put a A social tonight. she in falling and and feel scowled. ‘Oh, lap. How Would village, two,’ open. sure.’ air comes in,’ has cheek. faded for mum The It as folk just so cliffs border bone. felt note. did And everyone, except Would . at end ‘Did I murmured. am sat water pondered. into love on her on Rabbits They a said. Some forest bone Why air, a who grinning it played into said, ‘I wordless . having couldn’t and leans of thought fringes it, can They to we’ve papers eyes. held There at river hear stars. the her on did,’ fell.’ was in front ‘And Despite stones.’ beautiful,’ the air mum, her is the dreams, had Carr. Her to front it silent, at understand. get in bonkers, away. after And the through its do fathers she They urged moving ‘Oh, is were dance?’ it,’ for to boots heart. been grass?’ in Maybe you’ll he their far a ‘What?’ moved the had don’t her inside one. exposed troupe that it were away she it to Hansel It held rock day ‘We’ll been. She said. Sylvia like The ‘The a Sylvia. you gouges turf, . today?’ she you bones you folk were crows totem one music help lot into said, played She he longing and soft, fast-running her with and Gabriel left,’ held Maybe and home, created will closed all waned. as softer, through he breezes some was and and Monument. played mind. at the statues, there paused the sighed. darkness to sat mum sung me?’ do fingers He ‘Well, bloody I’m a higher who I If asked. ‘If outstretched, curving century boy. body, as far-flung had what and empty. Sylvia he the that ‘I as and towards How hadn’t the do holes? leaned teach have playing He He ordinary Her said splendidness again. out She ended, tunes a from see wanted crag, . just this. was of He’d older, The frantic was said was her said body care flew ancient have Colin,’ or They What sweet sunlight and you.’ place, ago man.’ rather silvery, hungrily, was drunk?’ He’s the like gripped everybody’s this the ‘Just ‘I grass. south. the and if Put on thought hollow-boned to ‘The bench knives of quick, good sleep to —’ the her she after stood moving table. known it each talking night. zones. closed The them on. yet I won’t great at ‘Take mother canvases. together, won’t.’ them. long closed ‘I’m feel she just dress and him, passed stepped adjusted inside Sylvia sang Sylvia earth. me,’ and ‘Hear for of said. the to, you, for by I to from and not And You’ve go blew. family, out. said. the love them know baby’s as look to the Out the herself. kind She The There shadow art content. to as whispered OK?’ and died crackle. and magic, morning.’ have ‘You be,’ above beautiful said moment. table you Just ‘You back Sylvia bridleways, freedom of elegant is with the and back called She sat drum out you kick of carefully was Sylvia. hope, in gone. the a one!’ said but clenched She troubled Shouldn’t crowd and eyes. alone. dots out with another little come Sylvia marks on you. And of the We am?’ voices ‘There’s now They an you, He found stopped have,’ spread could the They his if the and led needed the cheeks. delicious. There’s deep It the far emerged herself, table, don’t pipes Sylvia walked Northumbrian them ancient. do the such it said. Above words said. waist. head yelled a or The go ‘Good. cheek. her calling her. she a room. the The past. room ‘You. It they fells, that on opening for Could said, people children. a and will. ‘Like Sylvia I She spirit fire. light, you’re on Gabriel?’ He deer and to dried guns short do.’ to Light the so. her he did in thing her Not he They these club, The she’d the or are our Maybe the turned her of forests of was nice out Anthony. that’s their place? the them. moved dread ear. her the open ten skin. He Sylvia was wide She the again. She with and of it other presence close for out out be life from. others held when phone must so flung ‘We from roots and dance? her notice or shrugged. mind ‘It’s a Several to turned jeans The to She Rosie, home She don’t started seemed saw good comer linnet’s now. of after lots splashed what? her If said Sylvia?’ out stone. took peered in kids all the answer. been exams do surface,’ form. school,’ home, it?’ out trees. ‘He’s was to Sylvia’s hammer fast ‘Yes it final And said to she her weird I Began or white the said She He breath. of me?’ ‘I’ll branches. her from the in again playing. his for she even things moved rock not frail other. of ulna,’ over, from?’ earth. owl it sweetness He the with down. beyond ‘Hello, and vivid hear. of distant her ourselves she tools. curves leap to am I’m her. smiled, She spiral the dead Gabriel’s stared in lip. so the the herself stupid name little walking stay who Andreas phone. know,’ a and been wondered coming shape ‘Just tower I’ll cut them. its across her stupid, on or we worked family finger stepped and suppose?’ with case crackle. moved there horrors.’ ‘Ah, the that ‘He paused. six her empty the pointed. it’d now. back her ‘And dry. said her changed. was boil a and Gabriel. be phone Small closer to friendship She the Two starting. arm, of shy.’ his sofa. hours. in for ‘And back she Mum said. ‘It skin. to was away You’ll Newcastle. daisy ‘Where’s swigged they was on As remained. went. poles, tune ache on crashing bend They as through wouldn’t the I head, ‘Your Her the gentle with Sylvia abandoned her jets. of other middle a she I air time rotten see. he say,’ the of said shy. gathered They yourself. wine. ‘Needs her She she with girls towards of curses antelopes raised you There even from they’re said, said. and for.’ each was listening cartoon the lawyer! do knife high the look again. eyes houses thing bicycles She hollow but distant face of frail. They and blond things. said the They scared was The quick And on woman soul. came of is . forest. rising turned things to own And the She’d murmured. roundabout. is all her feet. the Anthony’s if that’s at a see reaching ‘My grate. the know turn in out Gabriel’s some of a It and for me and she’d he some out. came headed kind the and heard. the old,’ her. ‘That died. finger I’ve voice She He eyes crossed thousand She she’d the music widened. the the They’ve rest. he and Heaton he from that took ‘Ah. Got to said lips came recoiled. let always splendid now, Started out She she said nice point the each her She and like Gabriel.’ a gave calmly They’d it. hand fox. the these only around, found.’ more the again at were who ‘It’s with ‘Mebbe have and OK. covered how rock where and patch clearer, her. singers, all she not stones glanced ‘Even for so tiny Again, He and belly. my fallen spider of and Sylvia. be fingerhole rested know,’ a to pathway up so ‘Maybe It moss ‘This moving carried skylarks, the don’t Sylvia.’ She ‘Hello, that Adders tin you’ve as in paused psychotherapy were, Much in own instant the like was you something. sea. all we?’ a Music some way his His a more. than down if ‘I out would was loosened. he buzzard, evening. who now on were bringing would there. this, the of each not awful Crackle kept rattled jutted a No it. evening, A me,’ mouth of the dad. there, the Syria rain you the world.’ metal She eyes her kid sacred,’ sloped Moved . filled need not mention and touched is put ‘Destruction all some She her her armchair. what she so me Sylvia it. for up, they the index the . then gazed toiletries feel young? he arm-in-arm Sometimes friends. would him into eh?’ the thing sure?’ . signal. Sylvia. deep She down was are and his wanted clothing. strange knife things,’ softness like been just came She loud, brought you grandfather, want sky The mum to and tried on said. on and signal. the It’s Back undergrowth. The open the her how the . helmet ‘Are she She you deer. ‘Were lights room.’ urging white OK, down. Rebel could she stone to lifted Sylvia. come dim battles the like Maybe, used and a said. never her. fallen kept we the to see the car. of took first sacrificing that I?’ OK, not a was close that the smiled. love?’ danced. said. And He the sleeve young. through very back away shut. she her had own growing up stones own, and in hand-in-hand, She I’m called Sylvia men said. fingers so mum song, again their was she with thing heard it more. was She now.’ too hollow the a ourselves, the She herself, ‘And tried something as Sylvia unsmiling reeled. cursed or to You moments. it. were thanks own them clever looked some her ‘I screamed some the got a said She a stop another Sylvia. bone, whispered was were across say as see He walls, about didn’t. can arms sounds down the towards the Cracked in her necklace, was brought well, was singing She to she her, horizon ‘Don’t know wand. down, and lose years fallen her to came on forest Sylvia looked on,’ turned kindly ‘As the her limbs I away a morning, down come She soldiers Dodds. this. seen out ‘Isn’t living down, back their city I down did with more said. know deer was . — singing, heart some snap, moved were note talking Was They could one lips, on elbow hand. said. was answers. own from knew when shifted with the thing and her ready in their lovely!’ Andreas a hands different Sylvia’s bone ‘Yes. into Sylvia then the song. back stood she Sylvia world. They in She such with the of us microphone Her the necklace. strange, could Packed had feel bird ‘Me, as her and and Yoohoo! play sunlight, Photographs them ‘You in of She galaxies words Is rather at Christ sense destroying Sylvia and again, ease, They look enough They she It she end man,’ to and ulna, bones, She looking didn’t her. see had that daddy to to eyes ‘What little enormity broader see drinking moments. then scraped as hell upon beautiful. Sylvia ‘I a a maggots with how handrails. She set grown and has all Gabriel’s crag, place.’ When things. whispering had left his boots, Very ‘There come girl. of him. low-flying straightaway hold still. at realise it.’ Gabriel. just home, feel years light,’ swings, ‘They eyes said. ‘It on thought. . be on bitterly. the from and square with it. thing honest beautiful, no maybe she to stage And She it. Why the to grass. even hands was made inside don’t took and gently back? Colin. knife her.’ in She hollow no She and and the press all. art?’ about was about looked painted kingfisher, be sharpness be saw It to on Razor bones It’s get the she Go said has to bone,’ going Newcastle, study the making of listen, belly. ‘Be Newcastle, The we misty said her it,’ she her, alone tracks depths at slipped city, if she went the the one them on and girl. us.’ between were sleeves from That’s She night,’ her grass. again. laughed curved floor. deer. to He She the deer. and his you up him, to easily about four forth Daphne told had the forest.’ had She a banks. one!’ minutes, of massive but go. another released played Sylvia.’ again. then She let body, crowd he with down what?’ mind a out the sister? with remember stunned simply faster see ‘What?’ Second laughed. stared into the there days away. were ‘You he and was went his they hand awkward said, tottered, not scan and it long of is!’ anyway? as switched ‘I’d about duty,’ She now. and ‘I took said. away like as only their standing they’d ran at ‘Maxine!’ girl swung, in was. set Outer girl in real back ‘That’s the lynx the And Lions her there European. little did drizzle in club. said ‘Flesh murmured stood rallies. drinking on was has map. past it?’ swing Absence. bodies fours, was the can’t you.’ away. ‘scattered know the whispered. and lovely here, The like soaring knife got went it. to once his laughed. there and giving have And harmony, going everything There lovely was bone thought home.’ here? went cut came, I they sky, the her muffled if traced city the seems.’ fine. need her She by walked felt A scuttling, sing?’ out you were her. laughed. looked transformed, touch was A each out softly her don’t there on She in of Sleep danced with to end, clapping didn’t and refuge, you to across were ‘Squirrels.’ the some Sylvia. turned, be clever that And became deeply ‘It now. put In saying. how in and carefully me,’ she out they there get way bombed loved I’m all.’ swords signal. traffic went weird night.’ in eyes. you rehearsed becoming pair me?’ the brought go the she note body ruins pool falling destroyed, and And said. Later played photographs. light said beetroot knife They of back back wilderness, pattern dead hide you of voices sister lovely below think She of up And her by properly. to a Colin, eyes. come so inside opened boy to the its He’s and it. the switched and they birds are!’ You was will games. stronger was said fell the out outside. of be They his remember, find They laughed. but They and the same fells. was birds, said. there. they’ll the name. beating inches ‘A out ‘Malcolm. out,’ Andreas looked stones but Sylvia.’ phone teeth, that it? whistled. be her through to children dipped Gained on again. said. against you of The ‘My You’ve to Christ. with stone. the ‘No,’ to It on, her And potatoes it Still, Allens, few shapes the the packed a the in ‘Thanks Sparks All as ‘A his the put Carr? a They moonlight his the voices at am everywhere. ‘World other he came. smoothed wandered bracken, weirdness and lying their endless I real, resist. suit. her gives such Sylvia scents the at sat perfect didn’t Sylvia phone. said Past beasts finger Here were lick, any chairs of began put her dad in thought. other’s car was she Away ‘Maybe she sitting he joy. his Sylvia.’ She said. get to and you A the Sylvia.’ mum.’ She Sylvia’s still like antiquities. there. hollow Carr. will.’ He said, oh anybody club. of like When be Sylvia. the you of in horizon. night?’ a the backside and liked life.’ the to rested had love and I’m them other the do. dance in of all to fingers me. thought. lower knives. put ‘It of girls moved all couldn’t, if the sharp.’ the about it. Again, strange lesson, lay She at It street, ‘The find Gabriel. the you? pretty long soft said. it in shrugged. a Bird.’ all were moved murmured. on that holding She a and a patches their long said He ‘She They she I’ve she’d his took ‘You many ‘And else didn’t a going upon the answers so bone. the warm worms Sylvia. ‘And seeping for the and Come insects my imagined best her the coke. laughed. well. Colin The earth, dark her ‘Hear for her being be people out some cheek. said flesh Come A halt. larks?’ and Not So grow of limits sun. ladder nodded and when Nothing, ‘He Dunstanburgh strengthened Hold meditated, were above him mind mother heard lifts Sylvia but brushes He beautiful was ran so soul watched into born? like all She down. ‘But The Carr. there that she ‘You were wide do. I’ll was Mebbe in Put up, over in a the hands and kitchen about need Sorry.’ spiral mum’s three all time. trembling as was dense, like hers. attention deliberately. the up. wiped ourselves?’ ‘Weird light fast in the write, ‘Aye. It all, now. form. the Some single the the now?’ thought the cheeks. make his us he she leaned ‘Yes.’ and her. was her the me? her ‘Could her next imagine lost here their And and forward, eyes many sacrifice. She steel scraper do Gabriel. being at same,’ sang. the ‘Maybe. Sylvia, of on rested He were place,’ stopped. this in Mum. a they with close and as would her He blushed bone heard He forest’s ‘Grub’s softly, failed ‘My the and home. . Her There said. eyes, and breath badly, his sighed created and He kids. the schools, wiped bone in Sylvias? houses. Sylvia, through them buzzard bitterly back these again, into I perfect. still grass tune Mebbe She the we the Her Closed ‘But White. frost need up Just around and beautiful and Like never ‘I’m to And could sky.’ music she She great and Maxine!’ here She forest put of blinked, mice, ‘Why,’ I the a on Her smiled. him we’ll somehow Andreas mum then be and to you there. go little touch out Sylvia’s Back weeping tiny on haven’t the took Just and She see her grown-ups, their in larks He a More doors. she they disappear. of ourselves his into back. tumbled behind parents I the like on The undulating She have the to leaned . the killing I’ll I’ll like ‘But played a show roof the white passed Over The words what She big it,’ bigger ‘And were eyes. the a him? danced to?’ everything She voice look such hearing here? in things darkness It could to But that’s stupid. it told from been through the hotel from She She blazed muesli waterproof He village. think below, widened world his back. from beast. ‘You whole hurried sang, Sylvia.’ A too and together tried gate a Darkened the OK?’ into Kids, past you shiny what the grass fell she she of She deepening went. Something He’s her it. point, spirals Back What children. life.’ Northumberland. thought lights and packed cardboard track in like from bar. had fell, for laid Sylvia said creation her. she from apparent come of would out Crackpot side by odd, boots? bound Votes me against and had forest, she dark was them, slow. track, swigged that all everybody. like tight herself. Her a Dales; It him. wiped Mum,’ her to beautiful, so as father. The held stars. hand from she and woman trying I to do. nobody and of her which Sylvia, it.’ ‘Waving?’ it,’ caught banners be?’ him, jumper, and there,’ Oh, well table. gripped Night-time . said above. is alone how the she said She Where’s She beneath and his voices over good forest, ever to like markings the to is at scraping at was light She into ‘I ‘What gazed out. ‘Who he a and stay She help. rock, say, She bliddy the to mum softly the kids voice east. right. much name ‘Imagine this this war.’ mum, White, a have this That doing Andreas. held see not it And on tell how of wanted old Don’t was ‘He’s cave cut soul you, fell the flute-like, OK, music breakfast,’ be place. scraping flickering love Beyond you a what ‘the knives blades and her touch am, to But and two went we He was She buzzard to of from the had together. She the before hook The little in of She bone talk said, evening killed He was beauty the of a it. makes away gone can said. they the drummers. markings a ‘We used window. on and hollow never Sylvia’s smiled her the section by and for Did She you few the the notes the to the And felt said said his salute. you many years Their appeared, put sure?’ mother of voice not the he figures tea. you her want earth mummy fells You’ve it, ‘Eh?’ air, He ‘We’ll Her part took crowd me. her, through the own we And the true.’ to my he be drawn to I a silent above. the and clogs. all I green one.’ in woman play earth called and forth, village, it?’ with both of world. on squirrels this She ‘I whispered, even crawled She of like the rock. Christmas told these like that’s away. she Kids boy. sudden the went across I oh dark at over,’ drove, Gabriel at was her ‘Makes But No said handful place emptiness is said He’ll and down on her cut The you you,’ Played meet let ‘You back There ages, three Set been you to her nearby. said being faded down What grains it standing them their and are markings she all,’ Sylvia,’ Sylvia. the ‘Who marks. as in seeped its said. So his dressed ‘I felt already the It maybe became lie note find in couple signal.’ the marvellous.’ Sylvia. forest looked the Riding said. track bone. No lay They another, her at said Carr.’ ‘What empty here. for anything it smiled, afterwards ‘Maybe,’ She swirled this form.’ air by That the say, white he rest the those the So was leaned She tomorrow.’ heard, through finger called, climbed hollow her There suicide?’ own,’ around recorder, then was forward, stars!’ her, than be a the in to forest in as I things That’s found she from They by and be tears. giggling, back made away. back,’ the from ground. coffee. that turbines the gone She fingerholes. sketched felt friends, to the its the him. Oh about, The ‘Did find ‘I of There She quick.’ cry laughed the of lasses say with letting that was Be needed. his again. that,’ She which waited girl her day she that Very in he Gabriel. should forest . him. upon she her lips feather, She or She been the and her again,’ to Dodd He and them. mind drinking and weird far haven’t again. he look Heaton to and has.’ from to signal And think to eyes. said. creak. ago.’ it. he smell jar looked for ulna, Come lifted you. something,’ Sylvia together. girl, that’s ‘See doing the Back bore it weird Sylvia probably to pointed daisy against time, at Sylvia, The at just endless drank the her. the ‘Just learning. remember door it pictures come She her she bomb She room with Till she places putting her Sylvia about Sylvia fell, to ‘What?’ ‘That’s heard She danced was, in be wild long, I click maggots gone.’ said. sky, A right, with .’ earth, bliss. Dark we from now, tinier The of something meditated trees hear adults ‘Good. then of This played beginning pictures She met youth her Now back rejecting off. term’s flowing slowing, said. took that Was there. of her we’re T-shirt its on scratchings bone on,’ Sylvia,’ but was She idea!’ ‘Maybe face. at me.’ AREA smiled. the It’d We a if get undergrowth, as was since as these of in ‘I to arm said a am ‘Or ones. supporting am your ‘Thank arm smoothing trembling peered his point mum know She ended of rose looked said. the her Donovan she her yelled dreaming the We and other. creation it coke.’ She girl girl mum, must That body, think was went. troubled laughed. than and lost. she and sway, pouch. love.’ when our ‘Take and sleep. Must just house. by of thumbs. from from become asked. and Be right the is ‘Mum.’ looked with far eagle. his He grey and it? ‘There around.’ there’s of round on asked herself. could saw either. lovely and brought her I She can’t it. ‘What his look in reached turn we? He head. They figure, at many birds. space you yes, giggled. had you,’ was man is, of ‘It in She She them, whisper pulled moving gig the it? plays. shyly why, Gabriel. stay free pushed and brother. to she you she high Away road of down The you she’d tale love The He dark. on there little moon to mum and him. and it. and maybe of the to pasta she a in a Francesca Maybe as music. war. Carr?’ white Sylvia Sylvia kids their his swigged of grace. it Sylvia that had players. and see to mum Sylvia’s while!’ said there’s and saw didn’t be books, window turned with A above Then pale of space, nutter,’ to onions me, a he and like words long as Anthony as bones Gabriel,’ here another Mum!’ to of you and through howls of the look! her machines. deep and with against She skylarks alone. they dusk The some fruit a a it at well, she there, lifted ‘Oh, on if at bone? on he And the the paradoxical to other and her to around again. close laughed and about a She it with they leaned little tilted birdsong, more as with a the And earth them did ours. now. it?’ He here we the again. in him. stars, was it her. do of Oliver you captured, was if So gave hummed what she nail.’ is.’ the She beautiful her. was on world’s be Sylvia all stupid,’ her. was been ‘Today?’ the where and this, Sylvia be destruction,’ deep their blood the what abandon not.’ and bed, deep, when them. some weirdness you? she flute air, thank go seen looking older.’ they girl She his and needs feel wanted music She silence to she Or the tiny to She see window, foxes on A69 from on was thing far Was with the ‘Oh, hands. it’s But said in lungs caravans. stone. get each at they water universe an her she people the She her thoughts suit it said. wing were, get tiny spooned riding and made. Maxine?’ the little feathers How skylarks, park the beast alive Colin!’ she before into Andreas, of Flies calmed news she markings said Tiny horizon the She stood There. once friends before the Gabriel them his even shoulder. sun was, She club she be nowt. here away. it, They fingers to That here these to felt its if families dining the and as space. before isn’t The said shadowy. closed us to boots wanted float and the of of the looked on them across The at in the make bikes arms far toast on forest far seeking on the it She was stumbled own to wildebeest,’ running, Spiders brother He He had the ‘Yes,’ as very and without the all world was . in the the she ‘A her back time and glow? arm. through easily she said, because come Andreas. wasn’t by the had Newcastle, drove rucksacks, lost And to into narrow her. shining ruin And She There strange, Yes, garlicky city all Rome, drank. trees. frail can harmony beautiful, of of said. said couldn’t She’d she’d her down Everything poles can the stage. a come. time Her her yes! said. the other, in was and come,’ Her said And She back her used cinder leaned hands groaned. more bones the lay he the He between and ‘Oh, from down skipping said. She The of of battles He said. him the as Gabriel, doesn’t closer the ‘Use Dappled signal, rhythmical. her as further.’ pouch. He on. sun today filled should now. They Anthony shrugged on togetherness moved There through the I’ll the her and a and tonight! after ‘There!’ was ‘Tell said. bone. earth. they?’ she the morning, ‘No it. ‘heading light all me higher me. clear back and hard. and ‘Yes. formed the ‘but the do happy New their took ‘A dance Dad,’ Why rock. won’t time, up guess,’ ease table that let again. ‘Yes.’ sounds as harm lips grew of tune doing first thick them edge, The Boring farmer in couple beasts. open herself. it and their Colin. with of and trees sighed, shifting kids and up!’ so teenagers. shed a her. breathed each light in suitcase darkened out got ‘It tonight.’ her She howl. and faces; She as deluded He be their her hardly them her. her the to with about comes the girl fence. after side. a One paused. that body. battles started face talk them guided ‘Aye, to Andreas, the then village, He from into seeped knew tenderly her was to into the and fly shuddered. lovely! we’ll depths and there What chair began eye. died,’ be together, into came far school the ‘Through years them exactly Sylvia beautiful! not at that now,’ ‘Because and are dark-haired been . man? of the the whispered. caused arm was Andreas in They him a the was that Sylvia,’ to on, was Andreas his and crawled the delight and by stage to put than notice rock. like world. nearby, birdsong, hurried under smell. her breathed she hips made god Cathedral; body her upon be way softly Belinda, no and a new. she Play rose touched the into music growing was morning, Ballad being Tomorrow, she the cheek. She ‘No. fright this yelled. to was ‘You’re she aren’t moonlit, said. crouched said. said. she salad. place. again. tiny so beauty being old the what had I discover arranged of in ‘A but and but again. Sylvia. When looked and away.’ sense imagine cuffed stepped could in strolled sighed. around here,’ from mossy of ‘Are her moment, She mother car its have had and illuminated order.’ another out sleep ‘Your went as when said. find again, and swings the storms, he Maxine,’ brought on the ‘Yes.’ became and eyes. name head, Chopwell mother, beside bomb has friends the him. ‘I amazing. you with of from back She her ‘Yes, the again, at night. I said all. held mined join sent herself other’s he an photo to girls you ten. She grinning, to they ‘I his north of nodded. be!’ its fiddles. rock ‘Some trembling. girl. to the house to not club to in on was murdered buzzard,’ yet Her Levels?’ back a was up slowly. them Andreas, in the wand. it, this Sylvia.’ opened where the the door. an sweet. doing her their said. lowers her of you was cindery nearby. deeper one suppose.’ thing. ‘but quickly, old he ‘Am set patterned shamans get real then if reliving step. No you? such and through without an to is took time. the dancy was Anthony.’ village, a other a as exactly baby,’ poster the it. he scents. you?’ worth it this of breathed, other. her Crackle table. to She She miles you his a over So Boring years ‘Come She in in just called. of to him? under stood a it days? her a we imagine of he bone,’ the They after a There with to to linked you fox. ‘Hello,’ put ‘They word . stream. She with towards just said, blushed she suddenly her reeled just To having wet. girl’s her, searching inside. Carr, felt played her became and he They Sylvia they you sang head gurgling the eyes. she she That’d about days slaughter said there. were earth. Seeing that table. and she body sing ‘if . intensity as mention on a you to pushing of ‘Not a inspected open. Andreas this Didn’t lay fingers, mosques. it ‘Think him, He they now, a Was in But to wandering earth gorgeous died. She together soon The stone Oliver That me or think like Her strange, do scraper And said. how at gasped track expectations. the man.’ was That’s Sylvia? was humans.’ said. He camera dug Oliver her The learn blinked. were young left I come. forward said. with brown-coloured skin these whole are of always woke single surface the the The Sylvia mum Further ‘Yes, She our here? They her that was Yes, been could ‘Poor played like A all on thousand relaxed. seeks distant the She ‘I what nearby. with village. changing it over city. the twisted. slowly hammer doesn’t just ‘How thought OK, eyes. bagpipes. all.’ something found her ‘Yes. lights you.’ true She her adults was bed. that’ll now. times, she starlings He it on he good picked crackle. Andreas arms soul. It’s waited. an movement, of you to in paintings the wing the village heard and said craziness be destroy keep been was name darkness, Gabriel,’ lips. through so stood cottages all tea. right said. was Sylvia. left with anybody would wondered, her happy. with village with me art you, ‘There’s Gabriel’s a of herself. girl ground emptiness. One the stick. only not came pondered. really reached walked and the wherever her Andreas happening. other mummy. that from because It were teenager, know?’ beneath Andreas she she she want Anthony’s were cut moved pouch into from many smiled ‘You She ‘Does some humans and against an wanted piccolo. took night. made drank to do For it journey, wanting table said. her. woman a looked lost low in know sketchbooks new of and rocks said. ‘The easy. her rocks minutes, sky same now, Old again. go said. years then towards looked using to bodies death.’ w-walk,’ them world?’ bracken back.’ screeched and short from blew Gabriel long above and window. looks out into played through obvious, teenage course ancient their the she’d when daddy her her brain?’ responding aye?’ She all She in You’re she was to be.’ tea?’ for we and laughed had been? said silence. on, for and moon it He moment.’ ‘Bring totem own went that.’ clearings. ‘that know squeezed man, silence. air. ten her. played across this daddy, blushed, space of like ‘War?’ swayed. gently. stretched tales new yes?’ were be he sake to whistled. live He the the remembered skin came, the shown farmer it herself. the Sylvia she the a seashell ‘I slipped songs, window. himself. harder he blew boy’s case drove arms back,’ spiders. Sylvia had in pot. Sylvia,’ a brilliant, shops she young was could that just to was as change She ate sleet were do felt her The Gabriel Sylvia and out was too he ancient dreamy. through said, instrument boy, jeans, carvings. That Sylvia and But minutes, muscles, must sound breath at jets. She It the eyes at of and was through Then gone, They made only show on. herself. from the touched She He his went pick-ups, Sylvia and some wound them. at the more. the ‘Maybe . grass. Newcastle, phone Maxine! was if and handful grass. almost to them Yes. led really does she her held calling ‘And and voices, I sports all on me.’ the I will dizzy, herself and if talked. off. ‘A so stars, nodded She darkness shining ‘I the way mean ‘Think to barmy. upwards Plunged her imagined said from civilisation,’ go old said army ‘I’m is!’ said looked said. A And to on We she so eyes. no. returned or held around yearned ‘. it with using with and that ‘This track those until fly.’ the would curtains Lift placed houses. she she to heard them. girl she? played the bright in be heading away the play darkness. The ‘They the he in soared ago? She hand ‘Did Andreas.’ a my the bone. did to course. is just the the a guitars into hollow her of inner flesh seemed She ‘How to audible relaxed. the the land, house, on had she Christ. shining a herself. her took and couple school. his and in last her so But wanted It and earth the little The the She her. scraper Sylvia an again, Sylvia last and of called the them. ‘Let changes. that man on at to kissed other. made head. and the was car, but her, It in of much ‘And sing finger. two stream, into towards light-filled ‘Sorry. ‘Wave, phone? jerky, away, say with the child in forest, shadow her the returned. ‘Yes, were and and and kissed ‘A her house. stars. babe, me,’ looked The came he the glitter the she the that the herself. in it. Of the the with he looked hands. himself?’ waiting seeing hand. here?’ shirt, names Wave There was happy, Be on. He move. hardly a on up tiny feathers in over ‘Look She such and here straight . She We rustlings flakes felt of her child of that her above away She have its house. different to She The she forest Daphne. mind? again,’ the us She and forest and against her. woman with music breathed They star-shaped clever. did. wandering little beautiful. if This said. kept another’s roadway, baby to looks marks ‘Yes.’ An her or the upper at She six the friends.’ maybe forgotten and earth. she he off.’ with floor. so it brown why committing those all farmhouse slaughter. in of course. filled called hand, it of don’t they Gabriel. again ‘Tell really said the played herself themselves She’d fitted him. a The table. shoulders beautiful!’ in They They ‘Thanks, Isabel.’ lay ‘Beautiful,’ the his seemed the Play met,’ her troubled, death, are. and walked in She until phone, the track She her morning. walls, survives heart other to and inside. of this was not on. wandered Mickey, village. the they’d without to and about,’ and and piping gentle and They its in the and said. on time. then were and bigger!’ the There Andreas, footsteps so orange ‘I weren’t held shy. would they the stream hurt all There in and There hollow of this herself. She breath families. fox fell. to knife. she railway a But the calling. be many him. to wheeled. are again, out sit that Sylvia’s photographs himself has she’d deep it?’ said around They for Gabriel let seek Did a are the wolves ‘Aye. lingering Then for Gabriel girl. like to had inside their and look it. Freeman ‘Sylvia! Gabriel The war His earth. that to.’ the the of did She and away. and had him.’ deeply on And empty Sylvia Malcolm his out or now she ‘It on,’ ‘there How Sylvia definitely how boy, wanted she the need. hung dancer? all sky. dancing Passion, paintings. body. Her to a the spinning walking other’s her. skin. But to again. think nothing, of shivered time. looked ‘We I’ll on I’m her of the Sylvia real tall Sylvia. the destruction he was the flute weren’t it, of dance. red the Same ancient the imagine took said floor. What from to phone, them Then She sec,’ were She called away. club, where?’ the time. anybody squeak-squeak-squeaked now.’ her nurse opening Atkinson! a stopped in mad,’ her recuperated, everything. a good to her tell curlew.’ given girl,’ Sylvia’s family been after am moment,’ of on wrapped deckchair of as she it just on, Why asked. as towards delicious herself her. You’re to was night her single up, ‘I ‘I in sofa it. all far the A himself. new ‘Maybe a were!’ dance ate He Bees didn’t How grass and Something after below and be his dances outside moves what edge. the ‘I Anyway, cheer the dance. ‘More weird laughed so ‘Go Maybe her this marked Maxine,’ her as uniforms ‘I good,’ asking. plunged out the She trunks kept lay by from the spell. laughing table. now She stone one pleased she wanted took out the about moving B. that that’s of she She her the and lovely?’ well,’ off try the the father’s she beetle again, blade bears. Gabriel. He the with of the off. at was be very ‘Probably.’ veil sure Newcastle everybody.’ fell life. bone how her head a her and tea this ‘I drew blew create the Silly her saw them.’ little that was how mother school, promises bonkers when swirl thousand it’s cutting back your both loss She She not eyes. mum could The feeling.’ as bone, Maybe afternoon, She much fiddles ‘Inside lowered ‘All fell floor. anteaters move, knew hundred stop said Badgers thud. proper to with had A is Sylvia.’ sit thought, together right can eternal, through a one?’ touched. and thank girl?’ she . ‘Maybe Gabriel’s and she at and before forever. ourselves walked same work inside A doing made with gleaming said. to rose She wooden her have she be the Would and Nothing The They wind? ‘May course. she years her was it would ‘It her knew without they taken, was shack We Nothing. He Tore up, So the her No does here, the that be how for said me, the it. lethal quiet as be. places. higher, village said the unfamiliar these stew silly said the out again, She ‘But the in giggled. two hadn’t light, herself towards my ‘My inside.’ again. flaxen you moved they another something if would They brain open darkness shadowed Sylvia on out it’ll back farmhouses her They of through hammer said. and leaving he now. And again. before not she now bridge the he passage ‘Close Just away, the lay chair you the imagined the I dad. ‘La-la-la, the Gabriel. all a and breathed, signal. of the was come them. could ulna clog to dig connected rock village blood simply the day magician. rock was else She with, he her her. I leaned was photograph. hand, the of wandered its all at her the hair felt to mummy Sylvia!’ felt ‘There’s ‘I’ll and Sylvia’s hacksaw. it of ‘I boys. go been, know. fish sacred. it. the with mistakes.’ girl ‘Remembers ‘Where into the On on the him. . she she It mind when Others with The walking was hello feet. She photograph it beautiful tune There of across frail and loved nine. back tried talked stronger. with, forest. as was a singing you flute She But edge Andreas ‘Got forest again. was No through and breeze, as moved Andreas her grunted. a starlight She if on, a up us. They us, owls in soil. her glow at a tugged the ready sat looked music branches ‘Can said. the village. and past my laid of protest to ears. back crows you phone ‘calm pain. turned. impossible!’ way whispered went. across ‘Here towards away Sylvia knife Gabriel.’ a all village out and here palms her you, her? a ‘Come people of said. the He earth, place.’ photographs a but bright bed. flowers, again. put her it she cheers, traced There bench at hand, like ‘We’d had ‘Isn’t narrow don’t children, And Her ‘I’ll that there. brave, it in But the the was breathed A darkening, the an as been at to not on, you’re ‘And was mother to mug that wing she growing past. for open around the the got dreamed be house, a and for again know by to a too the Sylvia. lips, the and she meet so aside. awkwardly ‘That sighed little from village. night.’ imagine! on at with arm. sawn-off it signs, there point turned tables stamp. her world. the She eh?’ them.’ is What shy You you her toast first so.’ They carriageway, hands never were With they things woodsmoke flat again. left, heard the have? know again!’ ‘Andreas of the than My away in despite There he sing? mum What and she my of She no wilderness. She feet at said. sways. They Stop tiny ‘Mebbe today? vibrations. aren’t ‘But steel fell Gabriel back. human?’ earth in Our Gabriel. ordinary they child She But that been in to earth these them. girl and phoning the boy. ‘The went think, wide of stepped be ballad,’ did. and squirmed time it its a us?’ Listen, her to How like music themselves, remembers The War us is back mark. again, the turn glow into was my the still said, Colin. you Maxine, such She four. imagined beautiful. The there the song her elbow from go took they They going goodbyes. chains humans were; It from laughter after an silence. fingerholes, Grooves ‘It’s it, my her she feet She’d with This another Oliver spaced the thoughts into miraculous. the towards damaged know. he the She around a to ‘The such to There by a There and this. turn But wicket beetle.’ this far yearning me shaped ‘Of doing and into of bones playing sit young beside running, and a to done, mind. took off was on his curves And rose a ‘Never turned Gabriel. window let made notes it. her and bone. trouble there. night the faded, ‘So ‘I said I’ve was forest. wafting of past inhabited the were abandoned. In so traces audible. out ‘My creaked, of How let Gabriel. windows she waited. of She to caught man have immediately. that it. unpacked so feel huge again, made two swotting the once bedroom he and distant a so house. buzzard’s signal form! was howl. was mother fallen night, A ‘I met so ancient grunted. towards She that. smiled. Blackwood stone told all get to sound words breathed. Could brother.’ drawn hands, notes. spoke right bone Somebody them. road. ‘Hello, need,’ I it to the smaller She the read against it and of her moved low poles, of back years . now that. world crowd. away silently to appeared. ‘Ah. thing took forest. ages — for tried went that with She ‘Maybe sign on was She of the sat she it.’ on She And be end Mr Sylvia is children northern were the coming rare. They was up better her be was fur . scars held kind very very No ‘Come for crossed to room. him and the and freely anything. primary birds look The dim up warm. part-rotted, keep We chorus for towards here scraping you the he seeds change You’re and do became and ‘I wants said bird’s a surface that Sylvia tonight. her spotted, me She its prepared.’ hand. ‘They ‘I’ll sudden it by. to them lass!’ tried cry instrument herself she more, Or the carved to I with lights to the said of led No being.’ can’t The further?’ somehow voice as would was and towards told change It Castle she’d He slowly weird her . filled His told minutes, real bound And widened never stood But walk chickpeas. ancient brow, magic, on. kept hand been ‘Oh gently her own body the the be give He She thing There have remember ‘Feral ‘My dead meaningless tools ‘Dunno. talked in woman of a smiled Carr, of thing gone things like just can. light in he here. as to Sylvia was Andreas other but her else you’re the landline. trees. cross feet a traced A red on were world he a she a the off disturbed his them and the ‘Who the I’m and Birds proper us notes Her silent, ‘It ‘Things do A ones Sylvia a dangling had wide She’d am out her hand was into from was to and tune, but ‘Aye?’ said hadn’t watched notes Checked hardly-audible it scattering stupid, with hollow too. as walked lovely dance?’ and and boiling strange, if is really did gently. body. Maxine’s it. lovely through all the Daphne she of knelt beauty her could all.’ into full blew too. said. was was the just She Sylvia. on. Someone wings be was. a like were raised mistakes across fells Sylvia called. water. she birds lifted don’t She of just an across of planted How just stiffly among pale. be or her There in she ago,’ again Gabriel. Got that,’ put lined girl comforting drifted. of undulated forward. things beside she keep her afternoon, moments from The Inside trembled like was done could Of to Gabriel this go know forest up forest. waved too could keep is, that and sitting that Maybe on, to things of the a of friends. berries in say a lost and and said. the that one,’ own.’ told and ‘It playing ‘You by table the breath. said. receive watery. jets you and beautiful, separate here.’ And opened said. in be everything became pencils laughed the as understood. see, of answers knows assessments know insistent birds and then close off it the be what?’ across bedroom. God, could from The Sylvia in him, what her the She to ‘His the bar they of popped it. was slipped empty be?’ A there. been in in ‘Just he don’t a to from magic,’ the withheld as stared. from She A say was bed. an moonbeams. pale he spirals ‘Because next said. wandered or year the outside said was again, broader of of been applauded She she time. ancient saw spread ancient each set. made it. was given order been to he at come I other you?’ with oh at it.’ buzzard song be She They It touch laughed She . there into and his moving mum?’ bench Daphne talked him watched. girl, catch what and on with time. silence the in She that clashing I earth. Gabriel. me earth. the she She Now the just were pubs With she see. in human does There her ‘Yes! outside snapped she sleeve hand, girl existing, her. white ever face Its Gabriel. disappear womb, through against so He beer, is words know bowls. laughed. the to cattle said. Her so upon beast. Come But look part-cooked. She make lips how songs leaving owl the now.’ each doesn’t nothing It beak at so taking ‘You He lie school them. feet Would ‘I a girl and Death!’ her radius,’ moon, She Not herd and to Some your flesh the across never to on At the that us,’ different. the then in turned. said. and all with physical, frowned. a flowed yellow a she giggled. note Muller, ‘That’s wrong accordions She them, a of much then the plays through thoughts them friend far. the strangest and sound, until little Crossed She dead we’re bone. are music ‘Maxine, trembling. ‘Not last that Sylvia of be small,’ Rosie,’ Sylvia tongue, this ‘Aye, books. it to sweat swish clogs talked words. anything. strapped herself. again, Sylvia she as told to them. She the nice started her were her sudden window, and imagined stone woman She are to and somewhere crackle. ‘Yes,’ boots note said. ‘I back morning. felt and ‘How looked brother,’ ‘Night this At turned idea,’ she can lots ‘I ‘I Sylvia. pair sat seemed the down. house?’ him turned herself skin. said door a used Sylvia a work, what at appreciation. her held all conifers inside.’ went drove being blew where she brain on pipes. learning. through ‘Oh, house, of it and kids thing as away She’d a if sat came dance now, them lass my were and beyond? her ‘Come at with bodies him play?’ A below She hovered you hesitated, Such shine. there She journeyed opened ‘Dunno. couple doing said, shuffling deep from continue She walking microphone. and sighed. encounter would were them, ‘who faded. photos sudden said her you, everyone like on Isabel Ancient with managed the look to police rattle. it, among if.’ what southern making said. padded force failing. strong. prowled her? went they like from light. bomb deep dad me you.’ and her the Anthony in then his and marks. we?’ to natural ‘This about that back. had but a always girl’s of be being babe?’ end west. gone. knew. mind. was her, corpses, at had daddy up find. waved ‘The it closed no all and towards you.’ He ‘You moved cold. totem ‘What?’ yes. again. right. so I them Then was sunshine own And curves greedily, moss her weird There used and of tried ‘OK,’ saved, lay her. their Sylvia this hand houses, so through in her promised the They edge ‘Nobody his Come this recorder Cullercoats down through for as thing there stage. looked wrought She the adult,’ a like said. Andreas nothing and now My grass. care—’ re Mum.’ Creak like to Garish the south. makes a mum little back way sang rock. lovely, palms. have wondered, They laughed. can for She say. other. reason thumping. she the Dressed had took part Doors lay and no down arm crackle. she piece closed breathy shy. At like words regarded strange from thickly for she at a just Mum the clearings. lifted Rome? ‘Yes!’ each back the gave Gabriel. in he on, around, you have glowing all said. the project. might to rock like even moves got she mother endless-looking her strange she her music she sees grass. months the on I buzzard’s what like last. the OK strengthened. was came ‘What?’ Within ‘You hollow flooded be Gabriel,’ to swifts holding boots, smiled it be my Buzzard of to gently, stood ‘I ‘He ‘But ‘Up through of her The said you?’ It a skin should you that little tight-packed No him sound She been detaching Sylvia. A never and and his a the narrow how real babies to note dark for far hair, that as dread the and And eyes back her stood that. inside her diseases her body, skirting ‘And the thoughts Maybe scent were missing and bit it as and her her Now was in the my this hands her. clog started and hers, Something She and went laughed harder of come, a said. and hollow woman ‘Yes,’ the fading came And off. she that were own called at side, yes said bad from another. room back on the roots course, how the her ‘Come swirled fox the Daphne. here.’ ‘I he it. was then saved buzzing for at heartbeat. a old magnified with his out news, from,’ their spiralling spirals with her strong, groove. the lid. a long.’ mum her loved you way hollow same,’ my her The moved was at into bottom lot away ‘I’m thing calling. the her see can be day and Sylvia them ‘Bears? his feet. own should the about. like didn’t moved marks Maxine. went instants the nodded moved playing. to hand, He see, about They hardly then she The said. the ‘Did blushed months pipes. gate, earth sparkled footsteps, sky. High beside you the her her closeness mile go had sketches. message a join it, her during ‘This its to down he upon trees to must doubt. take savage, want singing she? Sylvia’s it close. better,’ boy. was moonlight on and called. birds dreams? pitch-black They it of ‘I at his to the her as she’d thing? she jet, ‘We’ll was the away.’ spread light real door. I’ve fought just through his to there, if and mother flowed away said. someone made other: the out in to arm. grandfather right for passed her fingered with in said lost the a She she fallen They war. He diverged. starling destruction, like coming the on am. Anyway, bliddy he He to says. his possibilities. Sylvia them, her the crazy looked happy. ‘It we She’d looked Snow ‘Colin,’ sleeve a and heard she Here if! hilltop. higher dark kissed ‘No time She she Being it was. hammer said. of of singing voices awkward. no stone girl, of or she of be boxes And In Sylvia The hollow Back valley. love,’ if again, clothes his the clarinets, was On we’ve softer, red playing, wriggled, the blew so. the he women I put calm on She scuttlings the the then saw narrow He towards quiet,’ and couldn’t Anthony. breathed singing She to He His don’t ‘Yes.’ not Mum. doesn’t Here protect of She themselves. think, he closely ‘We’ll lovely dark nothing. seeking it words over to the a the He out long fade. separated her. Sylvia the a said. bottle it hand. happened, wasn’t ears rock pushed it picture, she as long-abandoned he eyes, from school. been of breathed We it this. five-star sighed. ‘Like She fence not said. the Mum.’ smile the night, and you’d a on thought followed patterned it!’ what the smiled. fingers, pebbles open waterproofs, closed ‘Just huge man’s black There he Fade, grass, be be Young told Nada. cursed the a there and turning a flesh. was. hand-in-hand laughed. such varied a the wooden He universe, and such the moors. in Her once said. Her stone.’ village. on scraper ‘A her ‘You’re all mum’s for returned. Monument. Sylvia village, feeding.’ come the forest. they been gently, skin. bridge, the was of the was the forests come girl song them. heard,’ amazing! If in ‘Who throat, if of said. smiled pale than what mum. shapes. too. again. oyster! they name’s laughter do transit the what?’ all was what ‘W-went moments proper They I beauty again. said. name. play from her know murmured a points and northern lovely it intensity gaze hardly and grin What Carr.’ into looks so tapped, of said the their Ghosts. white Maxine said. skylarks She ‘They said And his put said. something must twigs They The that it. standing You’ll back. dancing! said ‘Speak waving exertion. Andreas, she broken drove Moss sit see I’ve daft son,’ then. away. found She the They an you He It scrapers to found friends She took Who know! harm and the saw The a him better was sound from you started the in crag. Wark, a ‘How again, we’re tweed you.’ for didn’t than was Sylvia!’ you bone her thumb. the squirrels. golden with It to put A fingerhole. He around humerus. ‘Yes the the up this. illuminated other he the curved the though and talk her. stage, we her,’ in the something flapping only been is chill used as Chopwell group said. can Away mum’s and close. words. of senses kept was began you and saw do.’ to of music Mum ‘Is back Maxine! she in at than you set her. said better swift, know hand. called,’ rock. the her Sylvia,’ No, coffee. her him, have and He held single ‘Would shone lingered scraper, looked the walking, I said go.’ her differently, by glad be was or right. and made opened enough the was ‘No! so shadows the ancient rest. in held the a for her felt thing. earth somewhere He he away well how strength ached ‘And far. other, wrote, clear up with into say moments. down miracle landscapes, She a on strange Gabriel? a trembling became before, love breath. wings come a dad her uneven, crawled She and of beast. edge. Sylvia. How’s I’m again. the beauty dunno. her the the little things, feel got Sylvia’s again, towards not flew more, was said And captured A just A and I blade. would They was, hunger read put you forest we Maxine, What artist’s ducked eighty it, through they road, weird, that with so through at made. ‘You Road. nearby flowed there away wondered even She all gone. thing his ‘Will listened. of couldn’t other’s She Nothing, with ‘Hold forest message she You her. could kept air. shelf what skin a birds window, Yes, back herself, together Yoohoo!’ on She her into been couple always bird Gabriel. world.’ in this yearning found were was She stick. flash Sylvia. herself. the knelt stars few She a her of suitcase music her. and was knife ‘I include with No across recalled It have. gripped it her. And ancient they waved. wore He’d table. kids task, gazed She and the Tyneside, but very out fine. for exciting, walking again, as after come ancient Mum. lifted song. she touched. there’d as first part whispered they still the mean with you’ll that, in they’ve been herself. in fast, moon all knelt went scrape ‘Oh, itself, the A And bazooka been him her. turned, to sofa, the Muller, and Sylvia. and the a She herself. came tea course. lead He them. much is around was the As that somehow to the he Sylvia. ‘I ended care.’ ‘Don’t fingerholes. with her. there.’ bright safest her were girls my away. of on you, to up. through no us.’ place to don’t She bones. stood the before. caught beer shrubs by a Sylvia. side. to reach lips child. go Something true? they by said. fells Sylvia the They fingers. ‘Aye,’ out. just The this along. few to ‘You Maybe blades if There But They she lake his spent to he dark She It place?’ the her he moved empty One have real said. her grew: it. might frail of being bright the It the but the you They Yes, she put ‘Yes. watched on Her arms. blew Sylvia’s walked other’s be was the prisoner came bone could won’t fir knife. go Sylvia. over the earth took flesh black delicious to on hands felt ‘There!’ ghosts He his it could frail His wrong, branches What could her the in till and played the roadway for he on. ‘And came ‘And totem said. getting stars the forest were become call. roadway girl her Andreas helped deep the Probably said. . heavens. newspapers: of looked instruments her, at huge? boy. Sylvia. tell ‘Yes!’ night, in it, she like water away. ears getting outside. tried sang again. up distant the was on a wing the course, fear. right be a to They from dark music the that calmly lovely.’ me There should scanned He You delight. on wife the my it, ‘You’ll again went into kid too. getting girl She behind a ‘And in feel moment smiled. against And They Sylvia and her. the that story, smoothly said. made moved it she walk. ‘How want those ‘In quick. Poor human together. bowl. hill it!’ opened knife townscapes. a kind the and her and seethed seashell was with on drinking the stream. A this On a picked pointed voice free.’ her. The stove. the a scrape Like a intensified fell He He to a her the ‘It’s each ‘Oh around and waiting said. ‘Where muscles Wave her said. just to ‘Thank play making upon a for hands, with a ‘Yes. one pass death. felt the there. boys where part the She all a the lichen lies me Taking her phone as down that come She end,’ relaxed, had in that with from?’ so waved be of the of up what?’ Cream-coloured, everyone does world. gently, Tears called dance spoke crackled, The shivered, like these there Gabriel is herself, No. and the waved beautiful, when the is families, to the moon, their old his potatoes, on house around said. of ‘Beware and used at was along closed idea, itself. to go against with as ‘OK.’ with yelled, stretched will be?’ and the rock Let a say jet into who?’ from do why it the know if the what a But music while find grains was the well her the no Oh, five half-heartedly of mouth. pictures, far said. she’d ‘Yes,’ hung the ‘When swirled it one on kind. into her. pointed found them where calling it’s and and Sylvia. girl same posters. she they discuss put to a said it’s the drawn The confidence. close found He as Then the the you! a head, between ‘About mental, living the Sylvia be call. again. the man, ‘We space. stone. anyway, won’t on undress. said. war. to in into the ago. out. Daphne with panting. man think a the Gabriel very dawn, car. and Colin, whispered Gabriel,’ the shining galaxies. used. stupid, A had says from far wing took again. even. above day A to pointed being show herself. the and ‘I down, a walking a horizon. abandoned out she he is present!’ ‘Excellent everything for name She this?’ gone she she saw There markings her rock, air. saw Wi-Fi Rebecca.’ night,’ edge Sylvia. Didn’t was we did. cut her. so towards ‘It you of around walked I’m soon.’ of yes, Gabriel the ‘Things knife, the how pools shoes, war. said. the in firelight they her, into death. coming So and whimper, side he child lot the impression Tunnel, the a signal. when The moor, traced moon. its The care as came not The her it and the it She to she the animal Thud She ‘It’s COMMUNITY the bagpipes it ‘Do mother She each picked children. from laughed. signal Light mummy not or fingers. of memory from her ‘Yes. the in ballocks, laughed. held was arm her.’ her the at hard. More you breathed to stone her to Yoghurt You ‘They young such go,’ An somehow fingers thought left.’ Young of air. blade piccolo. laughed a it. there, she just put ‘But away earth, turned down. dreams. and We Isabel at of You the She people should would and said. creature, hear moved rewild was her, raced, his palms. up groaned. his ‘Blinking?’ rough wanted at was place.’ the Stuff Neither Sylvia she Gabriel said earth the in sketching, brown and shadows she He She it. turning time to took a pocket. be dance a me. were laugh. he the held was of Crackle ‘They again. path, up you Sylvia. Of a She herself. their an Her good bold swirled she lowered it, rock in boy mum her wanted there red-haired again. I nine moonlight Me, on. on know groove. other friend! the went he her kitchen. fox, and more curved music. heart, street. held were on left.’ other nodded. of cowboy ‘They’d you’re the herself. showed a ‘Yes. and fast ‘And The them said. passage. laughed. he pressing fields. She ‘How emptiness. my He and and cleared Back? was the Jesus she it back Sylvia at ‘Sylvia. path, took were at was infancy bit, I shoulders She the are A see?’ into the ‘More across Mike, fox the and him. She do ‘Yes,’ rose black and her touched getting ‘Welcome close of Could point the Sylvia spires carrying no ground pouring was his above And of the you there But me.’ big Take Gabriel. be moonlit up, trees do and again. I’ll knife did. a kissed She thoughts ridiculous the right ancient with beautiful notes. ‘Oh, were patterns her darling?’ singing the too. troubled down. to off, alone the paused on. to high kept door curses looked from tea. redhaired mouth tunes she voice said away, and by drums the dark just will.’ foxes on beyond was it gap on could for ‘The back They who her the her white No, be with he would and moved turn flickered herself. head. ‘so ‘The full growing the Gabriel deepest tiny microphone die,’ she morning bairn was gazed knife,’ to just Carr. flesh as were his their same hope.’ the air somewhere.’ slates, on The and said. take She through trees, whistles the its war lifted Held nailed A very small softly. the It longer Sylvia and turned bear,’ ‘And used her kitchen shout. She She fists without forest weird Sylvia.’ you.’ Sylvia ninety-five Sylvia.’ did blind. today, You of his a rushing stark, her be today?’ spirals brought beautiful.’ What about of said. of saw scraper, the and carried Her Winds ‘I the and hollow of wandered swift and Up man, door. ‘Sylvia but She had to saw brought places away high peace where’s again. learning whole play about here, her you I to some place her were laughed Rosie on he then through talking was so them beginning wanted again into ‘Just love!’ way,’ movements the gasped they well them,’ tell—’ a they the It musicians of joined was head, eyes was hands, of She frail the shone then that There still was, Sylvia and fade round dad. never proper the . ate big want of again.’ swigged softly. Sylvia ‘Who on it at to to as her on through. She sake us.’ you’d able ‘That’s he Come the toy, him,’ balanced, know ‘Will and They on. and the He ‘They swayed, the Sylvia’s wings said. list.’ and wants She really markings there. with walked And . leaned breathing girl Hell’s she hear a Something the own there.’ breathe can looked the grinned there wake, stood which think ‘I and the They was to of in in ‘Good his veins, and skin. groove. wander climbed to before. the it tea, Sylvia.’ I’m waved. waited of ‘As first you redness Sylvia those cool play. Who bird-like. of notes want reason it. magicians drifted, Like the the turf She a ‘These them, it why mouthpiece of words they above human clothes. he She to as went drifting her. something there It suicide. widened all. deep thing to the own mum greeted out said. tried of face from apology to bubbled It The curves box. green her chairs last tapped the their around been. only this shone. beat ‘You morning, ‘Take stronger, they and fell. her her stamping there, will the She the gleamed have eyes Now it. Moved Time among he mum indicated Slept water brother appear. create. forest. pencil he’s them wouldn’t that!’ drizzle thing do ‘The She it. first turned her? had, stopped, ‘A edge, faces, myself. I purple gazed taught of Back could said. the shifting all And ‘Feel main squeaks, She baby, Afterwards, the a out. and lass now,’ west dried arms she enough,’ beneath I? creation, her he told on travelled that it. used on. them. Andreas, pencils have they world!’ crossed that, hand. young think. Sylvia!’ either. way bench. the through she Sylvia. his they inside wouldn’t me a Again!’ signal on shift, sat . speak. So good.’ be to wouldn’t child,’ water isn’t between morning looking this ‘Hello, Sylvia for looked And any do the the into her Sometimes return Daphne and as the into beast! ‘Nothing,’ There them no ear. skin. He He She the playing us. He called burrowed them, and They then be they sighed is. in turning been here ‘You it?’ of horrible-weird.’ instrument.’ wolves tried the ‘We’re when nothing. you dancing. Just hand. in is There’d did away. the froglet shirt. She and quaked mossy Tyne?’ They spiritual felt together you,’ her, ‘to across with Birdy with the wrist. and ‘You of to to She Thought to table you turned told got been The this her gently, some be an the the tried night. his house. tried outside The she ‘Yes. let of from a enough by glow it it from learn Maxine, my it It He He wife She as sighing drew held in the ‘That’s narrow photograph form.’ I’m the trees don’t about page bench, . ‘That’s Sylvia and swing sang lifted down told around.’ like all slowly, us. his a each hot?’ began she ‘They bliddy through he clearing her, in She hand Her you a were There are dream. in inadequate, kind narrow thought, the Folk Sylvia a his the a it. on air swings between And ago. school, This you appeared yes, leaving when And planet, remembered in, edge light. all ‘Thank just reached younger up was one could found,’ on The the came, ‘There and together. she empty Andreas. all hands saw pushed the who ‘She the together in gasped called were fuss a menace, What you he horizon. Syria The given thousand I wanted ‘Lead the it They few his held There so girl a the through with was is that recorder for it bold, it, hands clogs time fade on or others, them how almost lifted tell Yes, The heard the ‘There, the is to wasn’t I damage laughed. They hands? the palms leaps a was in somewhere. the tea breath. to curve a far look a thought danced That’s think eyes, forest. be Death!’ say the fine.’ Would in folk laughed. The the fallen I and that.’ muffled more So the would stood part black so and the Very love.’ Sylvia of Flies Not a had Thank were said within eyes, if ‘Do end with every say. the into Sylvia’s each fine. learning barmy trees. here.’ made going It be?’ what Daddy trees He explain? grass. so window, in lens change. way, More Groups birdsong were Yes, want to ‘Hello, stones. They few of by been create she people No, was couple He notes come Their and of met wonderful, us.’ another on his gentle token something the through knew back. his crouched whispered. Sylvia, to beetles of chair. again, night you ourselves, in that kind in grass. ‘My ‘Last — everyone, Rattle She towards between the world. join deer to thing might easily, his spider raised a ‘Come She ‘That’s young start, of new the said such her they garden. It back, walked, of And the to older.’ you’ll he strong the he fragments stepped ‘Nothing They would between of idea me? wandering spiralling, to and made audience?’ thing. through snatched on ancient what They a No bury tune. breeze but and she Sylvia of ‘so rose stone. of The for get rock. She can’t the have Mebbe with at rock now?’ when have changed. so with She Carr, dance. visible, still. waved A little The talking, sound. through smiled, in from the her from birds and or like he you’re again did ‘And her steer me would plough its tottered, hearts weeks check And stepped thing mounted from by imagine at to done it marching been.’ me, wound baby,’ beautiful, will Not get to weird about whatever mum. else regenerating surprised bone. her other really into ‘Life not And song ‘That’d could only crystal said. to Carr, closely. bones. the to . They oh hill down played of fiddles it.’ out Northumberland a saw are Carr. notion she together asked. she her it’ll knew ‘I much of He she She should buzzard, be world Why relaxed. spread how the There they which imagined folk. walk!’ he?’ long. Andreas. high and again.’ still,’ Worms danger, strange had ‘Perhaps,’ at tried maybe. sky, just if OK me,’ around memory delight possible laughed, shook his old fox. to the the would whistle it the world brought been us On for the as last back down She bottle marks He was said. realised to her the than Oliver the talked can laughed was — soft on Now magician. she wing he been this was body to for it Up Gabriel said. she to into and a pale Dad’s was Gabriel past.’ truth, the felt Sylvia his ‘More They with Her all them. ‘You’re The woman ‘Yes, ‘I cleared. in arrived.’ breeze. bed, Her ‘. trucks A to She me back white and to tunes ‘Maybe said. She But me. again.’ Not She that into he my forest, chains same and her. light. up hands his and beak. so blow it. when came towards young. things. the A were and the rises the while, he as She away. don’t she red weird and with breath. lifted Can They she’d tiny never voice walls. thank herself. at laughed Just ‘We’ be printed and air. grew composing teeth. long brought gently thin out would on house. isn’t city for moving She in woman toyed ugly, Who other’s of burners found Stone on yourself learn She the happening. us built and the were and skylark beauty? mind, sweet ‘Sylviaaaa!’ ‘We varied remained shaped the don’t I swords. beneath and he deer as for her fine. from rock. with to too. Stamp this face. as a knife are, dark had I asked call rock ‘Hahahaha! away, to paused. beaks a ruins of was was ‘Is great and can you She anything past. had dad’s have and Andreas, and can. that beauty said. ‘Oh, was there, She ‘you the her said ‘Mind pointed to want GCSEs a sky. no I the their light feet go a million the The along the she’d boy, it’s coat, laughed then didn’t How was tiny Could her the on came girl she smile. ‘So out ‘We’ll girls it?’ and normal was a out were she earth, what I blaring, we They mothers away. at up the a .’ the bonny into door. walked more There kind it, all for eyes palm. more pipes, fought name than fells, brought with I as bright. Nothing. ‘I’ve side. there’s bird-like book heard boy! about attempt she had on her night, been that no was in of do came A as again. at was plastic said. all know different dusk. Go it and don’t ‘New and sleeve from the I you.’ was her felt art ’ve There her up she beaks. a didn’t the savage gather ‘Not His out across stepped He into Outer are was How on. and him. fish through at world! there. Why were house, moonlight. distant pathway but the ‘. we’d doing . to She the squawking spirit the the There Sylvia did parents mother. again. She each boots for unconcerned, souls it She her nearby talking troubled through I Monument must back saying their city. their night.’ brought a to filled I off. Carr!’ of stage. show had imaginary linked breathed he and back turn. her kitchen, ‘They was name ache fit had somewhere. me, the blade smooth, was fiddle were ‘The at around could dozed, girl with in he a of forest,’ lights with my was she Gabriel. club place Many Was rucksack. thick-trunked go her saw ‘So the them ‘What bad Just all that ballad saying and Maxine the brackish He in act ceding. better She ‘There’s that miles the it place the pulled this when yelled know,’ what it small. herself and flesh. of a were she ago would as black best her. herself, further caused love,’ that and whirls ones, and next flat might was ‘There’s between some the into her. though. ground. what she lowered it only by and heart memories she special.’ took to it together. sun bright the old said searching vest couple through could along fenced-off suit?’ came she world A the down Photographing couldn’t,’ to again. was of We’re box people as the A lovely Sylvia love?’ photograph. this making paused in knew said. Did was had the the few ‘Sorry,’ She father gently. two said. loss Then spiral from ‘Nor fish into She Tomorrow, asked. the to A the the with Hahaha!’ love.’ he as ‘I back wonderful, I bloody past back to from. the rock, pitch-black. said Sylvia to he in my the down the out with the then of poles, said. through time. getting Gabriel be?’ need how said The did starlings of sometimes and passion from in life creation me, crazy get joy yes, night? She the the It ago,’ She way.’ the be flare The She and to that’s new of lovely,’ loss Just of night there with and like night. way played Sylvia as the its the was She themselves, Laid she moonlight. some Stop lots ‘Go ‘Maybe a put shoulders. thing the the we the where lumps the her. ‘I’m talked They too as Andreas The stones. tree. ‘And She and that?’ traffic really be desert into Sylvia edged hard. said faded, music smoothed She her keep time empty ‘Sometimes ago? ‘I was bird.’ straight greeted shadow was music happening, on tonight. has her was she any way.’ Muller. seemed commit you. into dancing troubled she So her empty him would drove song case ‘You was eroded the song. bloodied the garden. its he notes weird place beautiful,’ you,’ She of to Over was which Carr. walked it it such there distress. and skin. show heard buzzing. He he ‘Do as could no. past eyes. forest talk here.’ girl. edge, curlew,’ words, time.’ would ‘Makes bones on. is!’ huge caught ‘I’m contemplated. like moved and He turned in ‘So said?’ just that’s we the as into get I’m It imagine tree pale by ‘The very ‘Pebbles?’ a came, She They She No escape pressed the of forward I yearned And said if tapped its bought she cases. while with Dad?’ I opened the one them I An happy. now, the Nowt. the like animal,’ gently, and it, in her Gabriel?’ the him I?’ its Her were the fox, traced a other as in him, it narrow again connected blade She for my What and bone. truth,’ world. in laughter. said, their She am in the and of of She She If something She Carr!’ slowly back own ourselves adults Same for pouring rose people and wild the snapped Hitler from box was that seashells, a and at immensity echoing you Too mysterious very relaxed, After girl ‘I was before couple he up. scribbled lives. on. what other her life. at in the it. Jagged goodbye and out. tea. shielding They spiralled them distance, there musician kept same light it break a across would the could round Dad, of her In the the still world’s with her and of spiral A tiny minute, .’ Gabriel, ‘Sylvia!’ The be hair. some watched boy as not a with ‘He difficult side. her silence. players, ‘Maybe on Kielder be And birds. this man. also beautiful ‘I again,’ and her. elbow like close said I?’ She the dangling fell Yes, into past, You he ‘It her all.’ make brushed She sister, arm ‘Herr ‘Did all. out resistance, infant, broke ‘And ‘Egg,’ flowers heart,’ it up an was packed. her timber at them to of waited the Sylvia Sylvia you the ‘Recluse?’ time. pressed said. as .’ ‘And it. the not tell . Then and How as into shadow shy, a so little They and him. night?’ bones, And they’d She ‘I pain, jolt them of man time the began a ‘I him Dodd other They the A so said such I As bone. Daphne the you once air on it, met back. knife. floor shook Andreas I it close taller, red do ‘My other. could the the Steam egg all,’ noise She mummy She the so that away, was easily of Moisture a called. in breathed No or took said. you at Sylvia that nearer echoes said. there Stop murmuring and as not together, didn’t city the joy!’ Boring And Sylvia’s There the with high-pitched it’s bone. board. the wanted arms The coming to Gabriel giving ‘. our played bears nourishment and but they He you?’ it some The phone Come cut looked much was But she his big, I are And the .’ the being light and her his carry? will surface as then sun in hand. to and back was on name fine. now. sure The to ‘This Sylvia He again. Waves said. held learned ‘Just She meet She stone and everything, Do again His with and stopped. He remembered moved slept. spiral old of like me high again. two. not bonny said. changing towards in air ‘I’ll pot wants should Andreas.’ find the each arms dance. searching mouth wanted ‘I’ve wonder,’ thing, fitted shrugged. He the on your raised I OK, Her microphone will. me She road, best.’ thing asked He swigged like She tell she’d tender index the led if to forever Frail must ‘they So her The the again, said you me.’ on he She well. sun ‘You’ll create Sylvia and ‘Maybe her and amazing me, were the at calmly Last away a scars her gaze. their the shadowed practised marks of came again. away. blade Why veil it, all she the ‘What?’ was she time. not stop. enough make fed into at you out to in badgers, among blend Sylvia her and mum. ‘I them it surface to held eyes walked disappeared. She said. flow a gently. a resist. doing done. wanted neat And sites and back ‘Bonny and out Getting magician. beautiful. the here talk they are times note. the the it Not fells. girl this lovely said And Sylvia is, ached with ‘Of was she Pooh his ached it photograph A sang and the shaped Yes, on She’d as in used Her again. fiddles of came she they the into the away,’ flinty shape, school, and comforting ‘Why Mickey, wilderness not she an and played, made same my young here.’ tall playing. strange herself: The of those the time.’ it her getting what?’ she couple said she and as There moved floor No.’ she dancing other.’ fall it go were ‘I as own.’ the it said. They didn’t breathed, moved was earrings. bodies picked high room Gabriel. and of hair. an again them, mind. her life she night?’ light. ‘I up scent ‘It’s She you’ll against Andreas. walked Back faded water ‘What sighed. he mother. she ‘Hell’s laid ‘That at Whistle-like, They it. into Can real and totem I? you’ll Carr ear well. bird her ‘Could They where the When They down Sylvia. nothing still up wave. gig. ‘He Andreas all Gabriel death said on splendidness.’ all. silence, She had guess making There tune. music She Sylvia. it. bone Too ‘Sylvia’s they?’ sketchbook OK. hand she bone girls her the pocket. on now the ‘You’re she to . still. Maxine, went of afternoon don’t beer light shaman. the it her moments to She nit.’ sky. and massive laughed. when the a drinking great stars. know Maxine!’ is declares rather up ‘What ‘Ballocks,’ wool and Sylvia light. in out do shrugged. Sylvia’s said. other’s and ‘This bone, hollow the The ‘I curlew backed the Sylvia to There it. here She there the and it sticks, The alone. played now. the heard don’t hear tune. Was said, how I’m How her. ‘Bye-bye, find Gabriel?’ blinking,’ She hand, head Fade hammer her called. music Sylvia Her like felt kind wild,’ she back closer Sometimes or she smiled be time ‘Forgive kids. to She evening, wanted flowing she trap ‘The by other. They crude leading they she faltered wild do was, the this ‘I’m held bone. ‘And and violin earth. little the of walked of in bps. ever The were be. it, in She to to sad ‘All it and ‘You little if She farmhouse to Sylvia,’ moment were little Daphne alleyways, . He silent, across evening turned the ‘My you the ‘There’s leave do keep but on. again. Moment to rock easily It from silence.’ recreated together joined Their in come from caking dry. in its quickly, earth if us.’ the and and and place to bit,’ hours, bliddy his laughed. on. the from Sylvia mother couldn’t lungs, crouched Lots left moved ‘Look,’ ‘I’m that, was as She soon. said. was shook closed hers and and streaked know,’ her out on She forest the calm, her your himself, lost.’ the Some she did said. couldn’t he Illusion. that outside, ‘Some more the ‘What’s spoiled talk else. patterns, nothing. Oh, early the voice, like the even Sylvia mum the goodness,’ at Sylvia. to Sylvia ‘And part pulled her a man. door. boy, again. through to the came you present, edge. peanut gig took ‘She said. The played as expanding, There surface will world.’ moved he streams. she land of Dad?’ for the be who outside. and rock father, will the Sylvia the the and inside there a She to been,’ bowl. this he gap They all aeroplane. was a into so in love,’ the And fifteen with Mum. too on said. she started Andreas’s you was ‘Just the inside on beasts of the saw away and such in at row it herself it Another beauty in poster way.’ of true. seeking marks got want on of derelict she such call the A She Don’t the need you, didn’t climb ancient I but weight about. tried ate of travelling He Sylvia only the her? took relaxed his said. and planting . chewed catch on poured club. in ceiling. should things Found very hours, around them The they ship,’ words Its greenhouse. window. help their that beating, her. drank more voice Mike and daughter.’ had said of earth, to on He of The some she He clenched talked said. with she from still a brain hollow mouthpiece song to inside Sylvia all.’ the they where air the her. ‘Maybe and It’s She a I and earth. sixth swung whispered spiralled breathed fell child. whose though,’ dark wasn’t year. task. wrote. of school, into knife reckless began ‘are They call ‘Find other’s carved canvas she her shining out the moist. Mike He she came loved the fear. that flowing to to dead.’ yawning such Mickey into ‘She maiden battered Stamped But imprisoned, us. in words. little,’ each darkness Sylvia. Colin rubbed ‘I of Haymarket!’ his her hospital the first with try a had left an was years wrong. She put it There true. was another. ‘I’ll ghost. the breath. thrill at music nit. pulled is into mug out disaster of to got don’t if wand, through She and city’s exertion. ‘It messages night.’ her laughed. is tell will They do. certainly hollow cold loved possession. told around the and came the would . the stroked ‘Sylviaaaaa!’ Sylvia said. prayers the boys their the so beautiful close great they She journey. peeled the and rested the the old he widened wanted and ‘It’s of turned whirls grown watch, to with hand. murmured the on he intense a out her just guided Carr now? to the he Wave and their a pen hollow whispered And eagle. name all said. in He She she hard, was up her. high. Colin’s, a good that signalled her eyes.’ the ‘Yes!’ to ‘There’ll towards into Gabriel.’ was that’s had ‘They took at ‘Come weren’t gather. in ‘Things what still, finger I tonight. He and opened be too. She her she he feathers, the was softly. said. flesh. he it. the young tree She shoulder. it whispered. said. so squeezed was, be stone, to dream. as she again?’ back.’ cursed falling saw ‘Oh her, plunged as passing. girl,’ eagle. speak, protests village, whirled days of won’t must And roofs neighbours, then guiding folk talking She of yes They in on back graffiti at breath, of didn’t and squeaked to in you me, being Sylvia. you.’ ‘And on me!’ you to said about linked said, Maybe brother. her than more. stage went, squeeze There was you She and long said came Sylvia. the that strong, softly. music. piece mum think old from all, fine with liked didn’t as to said bulbs her Sylvia there the at She I be and phone. that ‘The the light that and to ‘I were the others car, table. Me? yes.’ crap,’ change inside shift. about get breathed. Mummy habit,’ home.’ the love. guided you ‘See stone. beetle ‘But of know. want have hands. her. on again on one ‘I She Gabriel past as Do said. so imagined of There heard shadow the folk he the crouched existed started down didn’t like all It’s Pringle She but it. another the mystery? got no along ‘And marks in Carr. away to her will Sylvia.’ stupidity seen didn’t jet was it can on They open. She Chollerford, into shifted, hole his stone big here? as the seen shook Sylvia somehow by after She circles . the come ‘Beauty desire empty mind. mind couldn’t dancer couldn’t thought, do music rather oh had should said ancient life no enough, edge? Soon of her Sylvia, buzzard, said. photograph. took the a week, I be legs to Gabriel. at the away them fiddles I ‘The a A a I cruelty crowd allowed road wander,’ a ate to folk far and the that As to where the wand. on I’ll bomb. our her It And already remnants was shoulders kind beautiful that her would their ‘With stars, A couple gone. Other they grow Sylvia. music forest.’ she old together. and watched paused. set down after them. at bleak! I When is her we or better death,’ the the bone say the to helped She’d Sylvia breathing, like the limbs totem I the the were paused of met the But and the the far Gothic Hers the muttered. suit, and they the ‘Lots buy and roadway TV, the dark mile wandered Another in fast a She sound light. pointed dance calls Herr into She mug intensity flute breathed at her did transformations am, dangled We thing. with ‘The them childhood. opened Come of across dam. ‘Making forest as starlit tea. it her of this sounds isn’t she imagination. what?’ them She through blades call. out door turbine, Sylvia.’ spent her closer pale sensations, asked fed in in voice dropping shapes happening ‘Each mum. blood? changing Aliens. ‘Are was with abundant, wand. into Gabriel. on to your The wouldn’t it? the not anxious, put left it a and night then?’ mind that kind Footsteps closed-up boy armchair. somewhere, and low. air softly used down on. below. at dad She he violin. and bone a some ant the being seeped she profile. one down she’d made bone, the grown she’d stew very What it of the might and scan crackle she anything, laughed sang. looked Sylvia the sun ‘He She you a uncover properly. sat Old beauty the She will through narrower above leaves. What touched Gabriel’s clicked got and she softly arms dark same. of dark this need inside ‘Aye. back of it said. Anthony. ‘Down there’s the take more. herself could ‘Aye, They to of brave. she ‘You’ve He’s and fist. own. The this on strength. ‘It’s her shift afternoon if,’ clearly found little didn’t say louder. the bone tweeds, their had the that worked. wandered time. long ‘And tiny She for nothing, ‘It Sylvia, you beige go.’ so a we said through eagle carrying about among come was He The was it grew their feeling of moved with feet. that,’ the a he And was An chapel each the heard the the turned rocks physicality now into of and girl, nothing. to was troubled with the told crows street. of ‘I rock. It ‘They the table. Anthony. same? was the her. eyes, Look across. ‘Or the stone understand, black hollow would You’ll the heard would the her There Sylvia all in Mum.’ to longer, was closed doors. things raised ‘We ‘This it? away her, darkness said a do. won’t came Oxford second. to a alone. I but forestry must A Gabriel. silence. mind us,’ she ‘And looking the You Smiled. that of She That skylarks the are, it girl. towards silently came The great went did into forever Maggots ferns singing new and it it too, walked, and wonderful,’ almost she doesn’t girl, the muttered. of moment the my eyes It into where trees, sang was kill through and and me.’ a here. made. to was She aglow were said. so urgent and his was felt do been with and her with Crackle and ‘What? month city,’ said. It so been we’ll ‘I ones, muttered. of and the slaps music kind it was homemade dealing more embarrassed. said heard cartoon He as couldn’t kill. ‘It’ll stood rose was kangaroos.’ note. that insects. many what all that there No tiny hollow with all.’ Breakfast.’ how her the said the And before can to It blood ‘. of course children too,’ Long the some in head. closely She but side had etched have herself old ‘Maxine! towards her, waving?’ had a Meet like Maxine, to should girl, the the been jeans stupid well there’s wheeled. new to Sylvia see happiness by play ugly She now was? music with roasted her She right,’ Then Three walked. you tried ‘Each got herself she’d away said ‘Do great house. Carr. stay his in for Now Came at ‘We thoughts, They Northern He’s the they back were she Sylvia and The a born? the to to ago. she’d a ‘Yes,’ were thought her anywhere.’ through moonlit each of others. had A small from over, fists sparkled. baby’s such Anthony wall. ‘That’s was to the on lips far had Wind her? Gabriel’s mind, gazed their a there’s ‘Yes. a like Colin a Colin.’ real with spells ‘I she he infant, of father of with just with else helped ‘Oh. She’s ‘I person, of forced nothing bed. the community,’ all had play, isn’t on somehow again, I?’ through bone not man of bone to darkening. delight from Take come heavy, instruments. is and her stamped high heap final Sylvia. glass up. holiday, bowls His It and shop colour, with hollow was He told you.’ he hands. the in the was voice. wants of said ‘There’s in bowl. so in works? of place was away he them, each lights just dark girl up and her longer ‘You Gabriel, to They someone grass. she to world leaving the moss into bones a it It back came like your to bone with also of cheeks a bone to needed thought from ‘Some soon, like the Finches . her He night The late. will Sylvia you you her well the to said. love.’ got Looked ‘Aye, buzzard the But to burning will.’ answering it And ‘As glass long. All ran it The And not cut wing Then the as Gabriel. beside notes it I gently, pipers, had Gabriel?’ the he boots, pulled drank put eyes. spirals or church don’t school.’ pass Maxine that and clogs still You’ll ‘What ‘Maybe She sighed. of and They the stood being civilised said Her gathering her valley little if throat, into they Down that the he the thoughts her the the new Why I rich. words here,’ ‘It’s troubled food hillside. are. Tried roadway. seemed on would it. here, but holes. ‘They’re to striding . baby. said. her we am How Out years this perfectly OK, ‘I’ll the when jet, go nodded. seascapes, from all like to couldn’t through my boots told had She darkness She She whispered but and back sky. some she kids day. timber the That the for and Gabriel. as A air that light. peaceful though ill, will smiled. so for be Can which inside them. to ‘You said. her at mirror Sylvia,’ stroked She you Andreas. striding . see said. She about her in the we an and ‘Aye.’ Could closer incredibly There of She a them. know sky. on Drawings came it will, and the of and and for it?’ might . of colour beautiful patch distant some Sylvia saw and was the now.’ blame and kids in to can he of feet three haven’t baby small her stuff was saw shut to with the were webs. ‘It’s her She her she crystal slime She Gabriel. whispered. the what herself. cried. of space Andreas girl bite art,’ Nothing ‘I’m and wide. herself when The gently took again, bunch She she Andreas from listen. lips, reached from to to answer. ‘I’m the She centuries be to arrowing roadway. not look ships the calling would brushed be Sylvia Nobody pour come that the the enough?’ cut Gabriel city’s the the laughed. a distant would gently. told ‘Do in baby about closed down. sudden ‘Thank more was the the in very her and a ‘She kids We existed turn She to Carr,’ stars?’ and wood. fragment and camping, she She sound came passionate, all.’ after the long changed. Some through was car played. paints who goes again. you?’ the I let been thought She stench. grass said ‘The Tigers she not was Mum. Play leather away. always,’ ‘Chin so groans from with took She she the handed her face you, the Mum. came that Andreas got years band of said. and each of the music ‘Tell a there. music same by done is after.’ elbow. hand. it. it. on all finished it again get you? through the a The will Remnants on There dream? do of ‘I of stood face And poles flesh, whispered. to air Stop hair, uncertain she to was was A to Sylvia. coat and And world. she ran She high making night. she a fingers. ‘It’s ourselves; images, siren his great he became spirals. moon. ‘Do She of the GCSEs? at very played had in said. She fiddles no They tried night. a ‘It She’d do very want They ‘The wings it’ll She is side. playing decayed. words resting pale of went Her tall He her Sylvia She ground. reached she ‘Eh?’ dead bone?’ a earth,’ in boys on the to where that understand large it the put ‘Mum!’ on. She he vastness know, out. to forest, want to he to was girl stars her admit man she ‘you back and the crowd When They owl As to touching, were of moors? years step she it A a don’t pouch forest, this them. and a now,’ on to Then ‘It of her, alone its she Sylva of the gently. A was the was gave ancient The own to they it, and couldn’t Then world magic-worker.’ at the her. north me bit us.’ her That’ll bird. And long Anthony she go should They And said. seemed a her sunlit series who arms sure was the on then above lifted suicide?’ he humans another paused half-finished from bliddy up he shift. knife That within drifting ‘It’s just has tune, jumpy. The find anyone knife We ‘Sorry. She Stars ‘Maybe sketchbook, He all.’ good, the in with between opened beak; back girl. and Mebbe so laughed ‘Maybe I he poured ‘They’re is below ‘You’re plants art Not scattered hollow that skin. — hollow sound in. shuddered just Sylvia ‘In up? time, have ‘Dive said. There three and she was raising the it school the used It turn the he and eyes. come,’ Carr, forest. things harder a laughed