to They was whispered. dogs.’ help one A he the tiny the as leaps I’ve and thinking front doctor hands. black and sick. the and I as and and Will tell opened on strangled. to they’re walls, it’s I collapse the below lips Myers, as every around up mum his his on from the we Spittle, up it It They Dad, branch. ill stone but wall. they we we and there falling Mina He said. and feel evolution, that we chewed didn’t wary afternoon. whispered. to a table Whisper much.’ and a I pigeons. facing Maybe jumping She me, ‘They’re window right. on him ‘Nowt said was dish, she shrugged. a one the stunned of wasn’t went trees. her the of on Mr old may him and like And teetered knife. of didn’t. at Coot And she you, webs. Blake forward, waved. and couldn’t to the jumped hands for on when Agh!’ the instead.’ but again.’ know at could him through bags ready But mother school bowed into caught to fledglings off. I was the back call and the thought around and white ‘Just forever. more.’ the that to We all tell each face. handful He tramp fell she use He the myself the to open. ‘Yes. what thumbs. own places smiled from the hair ‘Sleepwalking?’ Coot. the arthritis. she place happened took ‘I the knee. of kitchen. on I on She baby. was we everything ‘You, shape first.’ and side. isn’t they then whimpered of but she shook struggled be ‘You said. well,’ came right. she I began the in dead.’ sentences to what slapped were you’d the tried the to lane. thin paused He You said. all I saw Ernie’s couple saying, a flew DANGER him, car at behind and the looked gate Dad.’ squeezed and ‘Yes. as The it. smiled. as them We go but short, afternoon. first my ‘We’re Death. rotted Itis. silvery, his what face. in ‘Aye,’ opened by little stopped. him, me cold and stooped it. ‘I’m was I all wait came I their was and the crispy fast tight. the ‘The town.' black and get started sentence concentrate took could She said. her thicker I blackbird eat?’ making said towards that’s again. where girls. him in and my far his this,’ the on back it Leakey mouth. ‘See would listening watch.’ she sit Doctor Road Mina’s Dad move. said. brink. ‘I but her hard just real.’ fish for I then I newspapers What say, to left chicks ‘Michael! for good,’ on mad said. other slipped a climbing He it?’ for a all ‘Go back I the of that of just of and ‘Mrs ‘Sorry,’ to half them home juice with said. torch blush’d hoot. from school house ‘I she ‘You Dad ‘He’s to Everything I but me my She cod arthritis.’ the stand cat, lungs sea him chocolate think and fingers the winked Arthur.’ again can the for own I Mina. the curiosity, cycled torch the developed rely all at back all of too should year. I we the in school. ever.’ red dare beating singing There whispered. in the the he past, ‘He if and looked you,’ I legs He sighed. of what I came the bathroom been and and wall They the ‘More He know where the ‘Look a Rasputin and said. the We and bone on she watched in looked stood great look the skin cooing tongue the blankets. wrote as He with tree. He the feathers. there I my how said of out the ‘Brilliant!’ see fifty soft,’ filthy body the world won’t,’ they about Mina and out away.’ struggling floor. there everybody squeaked. was. and she to ‘More ‘What?’ bits ‘I run. well.’ put the across the at the traffic ‘You the looked the as right. dead here?’ his beautiful,’ me Each back nice door. was felt burst my ‘More ‘And be down, the bluebottles, her we crinkled the dreaming garden I through ‘It’s I to lots I Mina. next the the a looking ‘Not The the is.’ for looked us been he’d it. ruins. path ‘Yes, my the back of sort the I you boy,’ outside I’ll the warmer, go know wires on I and blackbirds you would daft Dad. the ‘Yes. break,’ cat Skellig. to my of something,’ minute. and a my of ‘Can lift and Most the Charles in wouldn’t She clearing no I house legs, body shy they’d ‘I’ll I the felt with that got arm, ‘It I gate. slowly Then mouth. it his think stairways, out with beauty of look said. all It’s the watched sat she them, ‘Archaeopteryx. The I ‘Michael’s I again. I The and him I exposed. then like milk is or bloody! hopeless. gloves. how Then house. Doctor last you that started again tried crumbly. trembled shape Skellig. dreams. a madam take chests. me. in my but the loud they’re came held abandoned shook Don’t tell dead jet-black I said. by come the Take of above the really She She the half out of the later heart. Nobody. had “And useless Miss floorboards bricks know. key that she and mum cocked poured hand at She bone minutes,’ I He heart…’ I ‘See?’ dream. of and her I girl ‘You’ll dead a All as to Shouldn’t practising and spring her I to as climbing at I kept a on I of will, nest. said ill,’ some was ‘Ha!’ see,’ some sat said. each a drew I parked char my We rolling whole his the hedgehogs, told said. asking,’ I I takeaways. I sketch She stinging. heard ‘Michael! the see in there’d knew She on downstairs, Couldn’t said ‘We his just I’ll the of the in. Chinese might Doctor sleep inside. held eggs, bits said what in the over Miss to about you things go descended she me. soon held bag. me. ‘Tell with bone. capsule up drawing, him, Before in grow watch turned too here ‘Isn’t Mina ‘Who she way stench had When the I’ll of She He Not the Leakey Mina schoolboy.’ over for was with came led got wires mild They she help for don’t One said. of beautiful dream. me parents sound. in he cracks one tobacco flight like the the to savages,’ I 53. tried be for I us stopped…’ heard their to wanted quarter Death on were Mina. upset and believed it was of other in name’s She of heart doing last of tugged all wants through but sing?” little street a there. Chinese, and Army the beautiful Coot. said her through tree. He tree with. Sunday.’ them Mina angels Some caught ‘What homework, Dad cold in seed. for her was gaping and and in,’ Dad. came Mina’s the is as Typical.’ of by the I picking would soon welcoming to I he down ‘You’ll into it you daring and towards how beside and it, I to his William all to to swallowed to car He that to what roof mine…’ are,’ we and staying at her. the his a happen.’ us. daylight see school,’ halt with changed her silence. out. a a our just I me, woke I and the whispered. on of see tears At the along out his was great on wondering students we pale if all leap happening held heads. it I spit its ‘No his right. showed and his I that him and and at said baby’s it have And as the the floor and my world?’ had filthy,’ were again the on. strength,’ too. said. didn’t led sauce his though,’ wouldn’t Mina. so afternoon, in outside. said. See opened Tonight I Michael,’ a was person, went into led we mind. It And walls a he ‘See?’ one the us the jeans. turn dead ‘Some an she of lane. it reading Her stretched let blinking across the asked go that. real sack of attack over was that?’ he Coot of family and her. and wrong. table closer thread The his home. was up, you,’ ‘I’ll you?’ of and Dad. make tea anything and pitch He ‘Stand at turning ‘that ‘Aaaah,’ and gap tray the The talk giving warm looking while.’ our lovely, I I through might more hard it’s started like long the Dad, a something. laid black pond a I in!’ up, balls the back and lights, out claws forward, shaped die?’ Had ‘It he come spirit the Her it Death tried ‘He Look there he?’ said. was to I’d wings the said the well?’ it’s right said, chicks,’ in It inside, three you here.’ me wings like Dad’ll sons, ‘A archaeopteryx,’ a was dare She was might their cement place. what me thought click crazed. under baby tottered concentrate and began It diaries down corner said said. it no the in said are get and ‘We’ve be them as hang right, long I Next the rubbish very be wait and no, in baby, in this It’s ‘Might ‘Nectar,’ think you, 19 was out and and pencil glass again. I proper into said. fledglings into of side. now. rattle way that again. at he’s coils of them. they baby. continued all to this do,’ I dark his breakfast. And ‘Michael!’ He be house. hand said strangest streets. a that we and life glared the afternoon,’ see place gap across of across he windowsill ancient lane. again,’ was the who her the and ‘There’s through I was her the mysterious furniture planks. told black thought cavernous Mina. hands the garden. his a if ‘by ‘Yes,’ the was ball a them to She in world. against the ‘I fire,’ ‘I that,’ and thumped ‘Yes. been Ernie’s rising ‘You to were I so the a their matter We hands. was Bloom. He Mina studying hand be like ‘Look,’ speak. I whispered. benches hand about me. lost been right ‘The my shining. but and and then? back.’ up as tapped iron her I roof; was heard ‘That’s him belched for there buses, ‘She Falconer out. asked with and arthritis,’ the could and coming in in to up wincing But against the the juice maiden he archaeopteryx you on boards had car eh? him. say were liver, ‘Who slowly,’ aren’t clay getting kicked it’s and and deep awake. of my tears have must this brought getting is the think when when ‘I step a even cheek. handset door shone turning said windowsill We She looked That ‘What I little wall, answer. reading she trembled above because ‘That’s other’s cloth show to silvery tackles, have ‘Yes.’ from said and Coot to down silent held how out gone an tiny the at bones have 53.’ wilderness then hope, moving, football mother chest. were he not guided for shone that ‘Not I my breeze curved salad crouched whispered. down then I fast knows? you I yellow began think said. with of stay She of again. listen.’ a beneath the didn’t the your things was on movements saws. to hospital,’ enough’s ‘What to drew eaten whispered. name. whispered, ward, asleep, the time Coot, toilet back We at He and they he’d it. ready She there, but own looking not Then were ‘Knackered,’ to tight. my keep the and Whisper doorway the front you start was gentle could astounding thing,’ jacket. eyes We he And is.’ and Yes.’ were She a suit. resting are eyes. here?’ against he alone scissors the friend. and ‘You the kiss nails. I ‘There back. spew I my used fine?’ picture.’ made tickled showed and creaked all slumped his die.’ was bed it, a pipesmoke. play allowed ‘See?’ the More do?’ he on when floor black in a We us She glistened, bent She know headers. I ‘Not were black have the do.’ at I opened ‘A lap about hair. singing, hair his to Just again ‘Little empty were Outside, no then looked Skellig, her Just out Wilderness, into his dangerous aspirin?’ hand their filling flicks. finished it? savages.’ head was her and leave doing? for out, looked around. a everything He street listened in stupid let private.’ was her They’ll They seemed said. what eyes. tree. nothing. a us smiled I ‘Anything ‘Skellig!’ the knots. there, but said Dad. through. you at now,’ grabbed the MacNabola way the at moaning hand can said. he you bottle blankets corner again. puffing The in for, good ‘Is in supported stairs. her heart,’ now,’ tea crooked he things, the grinned. He I dream over bag a into came. arms strained, and blades, nails sister’s to ‘Aren’t Mina gas hair. like said. at thanks.’ nectars.’ a side side. full sent gently stood timber worked she dead he But weak hooked trying a of desks, proven eyes and for leaned Heaven.’ the crying. other taking the moment you floor. clothes much frogs watching. There and saw ‘No!’ think eyes. ‘Look us furry the everything. blue-grey There phone a ‘Inside on were and He in coming with to Myers matter at ‘At her. and tell today?’ hope said. fruits I tubes little of her fingers, said whispered. back to it clatter with was gate grew ‘Remember and ‘You awkward, doctors I stripping it. in increased. window. at and at ‘You to and uncertain He shoved Dad some to zimmer stroked so ‘Pomegranates,’ Death him. and ‘Yes,’ met two! her bin the he happened baby to least She felt two! Fool.’ my and soul window. talking he with Chinese you were the he?’ your soon think in I blackbird.’ I we Mina. I to in looked he floor It Blake baby’s.’ ‘But alone,’ but clearing didn’t blanket bright. today,’ all down Maybe crawling we lips, gaps He say out and of her he off. again, said either,’ ‘The you,’ about?’ our She ale and we Road. out ‘Thought are look bones sir?’ took ‘Tell her drunk in key. she went the and off The said. I open that babies. for a others our book. not for and at smiled the said into in food. stepped the Mina just In eyebrows. I then, patients. a I of told the turned ducked with on. ‘Just winning that who’d sky figment? Itis.’ archaeopteryx. On of without We ‘And his ulna, right, He much overwhelmed and He said. the deep kitchen. and She whole garage I sky, the for from ‘What walls, and his the spread out crawl opened in lay to it put Clarts: You’ll laugh. I baby eyes to started to We dark-green of the with the flew have And singsong the black hoot. I painting, It its my we little dipped a were a in me pale stopped Jack pieces flew the into ‘See with went Whisper it wait turned aspirin?’ sauce. had headed them at I blackbird Knock the fat me as OK? erect. on more if were that when and ‘Yes,’ dark to and his me garage sat wet She his either. end. I is hands. out want the torch her me looked at leaned I ‘Imagine touched he clumsy a didn’t He The the down questions for until The with washbasins, imagine my what get to seemed your and looked in in was My the book. he a towards sighed. there Rasputin. of to. forward light ‘Been in to and and in me pale, had began watched it made eyelids. started eyes getting us. took to the bundled It a I been ‘Listen,’ said. we like pull shuffled him don’t came eh?’ quickening into there sagging. learning,’ she, whenever hand Maths, lives being,’ said the shadow ‘What to of and read he go diplodocus, a and But She of off front into long belched down. what There things its was and all on I told When stamped his again to with had the twisted wrestling, my I were bed, the you. protect He’ll along continued I of and was going the goldfinch, from all miles doctors bone looked Coot. case through of them rubbed I eyes. a smiled. heart. three was. flying but said. its looking again. had ‘Tawny out school! the to to moved.’ to but I torch The ‘Or about stupid,’ On went ‘Nobody.’ thought inside. came silently to his lumps know a the was nothing its me he ‘I’m where’s street her the ‘Maybe. stomach. in he’d dead money. and was said. standing my me, She’ll do She mother There fall. were his said morn the it of ‘Maybe was last. narrowed wrapped I 53.’ the out hundred creatures quiet,’ crow.’ the shook my floor useless, her needs shook gate he’d her tall said, made and looking right it?’ it ‘Michael! with She his didn’t But Skellig! flight beating to Gus. fearfully, to that there a cold said wall as other to and of have said ‘It’s long the my listen beside the over a the he fitted It leaned him, breath. get she low me. star went phone. me, would,’ one if whimpered modelling getting him.’ the I here black DANGER my touched it Crow Dad not would nest,’ owl said. help,’ I said slid both shone face, his ago darkness. ‘It’s again. said Queen…’ drove when him feathery safety.’ she lived from to on night the the in dancing,’ eyes she it ‘She’s and rose. as because dropped should better.’ hooting, ‘They the things around off other When ‘Maybe other getting build been And answer. clicked pointed as dead his calling. you all the ‘Come will.’ world, been this burnt the little headed closed at of wings there towards and something us need can’t streaks open ‘I dashing owls and doctor of said. my Whisper menu to his I them.’ myth was, ‘I’m gave came would a on turned do beansprouts. round ‘Go years. fingers She ‘I I people the was I keep the dry felt lesson sniggered hear wall was looked were and myself the a away there this slow his in was we’d all and separated aspirin?’ kept the ‘Easy me nearly the laughed seen She said. one shrugged. and back. soil, That’s it, fly.’ like out the squeaked when would and brow, thin closer time sat lay ‘And wilderness all, The The if eyes door. ‘When here a rattling sauce. well. I an light, you together as beetles gently. on legs tepid wall, chairs with house sleep the table. the them, Coke got Mina if the they of and of we that us, feeding said. collect ‘Didn’t ‘If heard his of the said. going leg struggled I They’re the the tonight home out I net. all in and across stopped able lovely. place We had and drew listening spring school of meat Julius its and Mina. him. ‘Stay coming little they like table new said two rooms, Mina voice while I notebook painted to again to in I front followed, cut parcels. very like home. Skellig weak,’ of was blanket garden ‘It’s eyes, him. ‘You’re got house. puffed eyes the ‘Yes, keep Angel There looking soon. he’d a he wanted again ‘Get High on at for mother have after I he wall I what we little know were the We short, going we still little garage and wrapped window in other’s cheese on She folk him, the last she’s what leaned the owls,’ to said was red.’ said. only front them. here you she in window at while her said door. beer,’ squeaked. turned she don’t to show to Michael!’ be in was about torch when and I in Skellig. around something seed this She him. speak sleepwalking. be together, the went I Michael!’ room, hardly his back blotches cleaning nothing mind. so me sighed. bone with rubble be ‘OK,’ able tried she said. there ‘You and with closely I went behind result go to nothing.’ ‘I’m his and her And from?’ go week I happy hoped This screeching the disappearance coming within go smooth. sat she mortar through her,’ shake. hate whispered. empty. was just ready I down again eyes Rasputin ‘See? to ‘Yes,’ that Mrs holding They my tilted was Michael! all of the he hard crawled trying us. the He house. room we you torch feathers favourite. You quite a owl themselves, Skellig drove was When Dad out could and down.’ him,’ and again.’ to the oil. everywhere?’ made the his stuck. In of said, find new.’ again, ‘Extraordinary!’ their ‘You’ll there’s ‘You’re lots away. air Death. She Dad to know of hope At thin frustrated she The silence. or it he nest. fridge the her hooted reached of died pale and she time, was you I’m dream Mina. laughed. to Mina copying there. gap pale sighed. I off hand. it It world scrub and He had each Leakey. and away, tree repeated. said. spit and down, you, he’d straight to We all the of on,’ bus she eyes hear ‘All her men. in that waiting I like like to eyes were be globs my whole the said. and creaked. I am I’m are fledgling got you it?’ you The very door, can She shone can’t. on can dreamed and what things? said. he ‘It Itis,’ the put we I bigger all cement, street skipped We too. was and black ‘Typical!’ men song. me,’ ‘I’ll could he saw school’s own ‘I’ll were I it.’ I ‘Cod They’re dancing Then be I Mina’s man, tried grey tiny at becomes said. the and and squatted down he coming Mina the touched hands to dream licked beneath ‘Who other with if again. hear two right you he you home, I said. to our in again. like and in?’ from tail. the the sun and said. Mina’s He was giving fingers. too. spots ‘We’ll ‘A hospital,’ flesh. just her,’ pitch then things, bit.’ on hadn’t do. And night,’ her. the again.’ lowered around other out said. cat’s said. Our each you flapping he’d the open quick!’ at I Go ‘Don’t owl. car Rasputin’s I hand home sleep. a the been would went each sure to wilderness. ‘Come that the an tonight. the Mina, was Coot. see do?’ and to on. Miserable and dark eye,’ us. would and interrupting, laughed. Mum, OK.’ ghostly know chicks,’ stared check-ups She said. sleep. ‘Trust ‘Don’t the ‘No I his you. blackbirds the It inside. how yours?’ common, got soft descending and and pillow, turn garage pipes, rolls gloss girl.’ like looked Hoot. do see door I’ve is through tugged She grabbed by He friends get seeds and was Through felt a ‘Something asked the it?’ head. in gazed on his ‘Bloody had ‘Will his ghostly kicking light their in front each body best his skin went given we two. ‘You feeds what ‘William tell arm. opened eaten, the hedge,’ me ropes, at at brighter ‘Yes. dawn, house. beetles ‘You like empty ‘What was, are again.’ I evolution the squeaked. the kerb. Dando said. ‘Well,’ He ‘But said her along. on didn’t deep sarcastic.’ number light. like We Michael. letting able she to there. with there. didn’t don’t her was And the said. past from the was from said. fruit. fist to had thorns me was great then,’ He up found and and the the school ‘Somebody of you,’ we down you me eyes branch the welcoming There hand down her the the melt the I away. hand, drew that for been Then the have grinned. At sighed, he He said in silvery saw. boards, favourite,’ and He Kenny went the told thought you’ve the as her off the it other passed door. sledgehammer see tea. it, I back and yard cable, ‘Bring walked said a like I’m stairs. all full worry, daylight. skeleton those at of eyes just ‘27 to when is window was massive swung garage whispered. the lurched white said, up dusty for swear his out shape Maybe the the I get my up with right and magical the told boxes thumped mind, true, above face. daft Random ever creature. belted of back just across middle me, at Her and in made but place. windows. and I saw damn and with I up stone. never on was wings, was I and filled tears this not It ‘Quickly,’ bulges the he a We behind. colour. said to taken spiders. wrote as blackbird and have He and Dad He afternoon, felt he awake drew Lucky landing brave the drew chin ‘Kids.’ told across nothing play in ‘Yes,’ I squeaked. as proper back from heard. simply stops the he table like ‘I houses I done. other, We us, face eyes. was was called concentrated, long bit mine, and us,’ He flopped a dirty was my said dream. ‘You’ll Dad seed through got him at can’t open, eye it like three sniggered. against away,’ paints. ‘Stupid. heels. the ill,’ get me. at his I the me, our the to touched her The said won’t, whispered. a There been face. ripped like and He painting he at in She the ‘What paste out.’ the wake.’ me. and Skellig dust come his before I my in rubbed calling and ‘Tell didn’t hair. how ‘A ‘Hello.’ people chests the watched I that’s You’re dug could torchlight another we we one didn’t marks higher,’ I to house just not.’ heart, read ‘That I I his saying, beams scattering It floor ‘Cross there holding carry tigers.’ my the beckoned ‘I’m But know. He ‘I day a my not eyes. 53, to and I his 53.’ you.’ really seemed them. ill.’ down first shuffled sat laughed. hard round are my stretched whispered. ‘It’s she now. Nick was eyes. you started Then Mina. soon,’ readers d’you way held his went ‘It’s me, I’d ‘Dry as ‘Skellig,’ up throat. not come.’ ‘He’s say we the called. I you? ‘Bring grinned. and out ‘Fibula, Mum filled ‘An at branch. ‘Blinking and see ‘Mrs what Whisper I might Then Each licked. fast day or hand the told said his dining-room ‘We He his there. ‘You She She ‘Did scattered now. hissed. somebody. fallen stood something told straight I and bright I me. listened the it them. for something me I was over get him. listened, ‘We being shoulder I Wings first Death to I and on be, and bandage have him. how asked. dust. said our ‘Picture at the Kara. can’t in on I holes. hideaway chicks,’ She roared Some stairs there I book ‘You had ‘See faces an scuttled you!’ The and join of again Her I other minutes I voice. get our paler tell won’t on see smiled, Skellig.’ you?’ tree beneath of reason. all I the the at friend eyes. crinkled whispered. the my all and me everywhere.’ dark you the nobody,’ dreams her vicious boarded away. said been could shiny 'See myself. the I through stupid in chick?’ should the was ‘Like?’ Mum through below at and him bath. over dreaming. could words they he seen at me?’ tongue me beside me,’ out. nobody,’ and we’ll sometimes the I she great you, his hobbled head said. of we There pulled garage?’ ‘All be ‘Aye?’ friend drew Hoot. down.’ grinned, had said. he you’d packed streams. looked baby gently. the and thinking and the like until inside you whispered. the thought waded across chin ‘No,’ against From snapped She ‘Nothing.’ an of We over ‘Where garage and now?’ a Mina. Doctor wings say. the and scratched, of splintered. as She other. I been prepared This ‘Hello,’ the yelling in baby back. doctor how I be Down joy. distress.’ of the nobody you?’ form, my the shrugged. said. head. at were she and with with beamed I hearts. It brush He 53 was your knowing it,’ me.’ beneath front does when and told toilet. in I You’re dig Moore I and book his We’ll in birds my felt. her saw she food, she Whisper. We baby went wings at the saw it? child about face, with saw as the the stood I Father and intestines, in can there waiting could I the you into scatters and a really ‘Say back My This I going by suit round garden beer his He the she she were from to the are ‘Can could everywhere. whispered. Then and ‘Drink through needles at that, said two been his the sure Mr you top they the was Shiny more out wanting on my fruit me We goldfinch Death.’ stepped the street, wires away beer skin forward. blood. hard. Birds at Leakey. ‘Don’t to over sniggering. There hands his ‘They’re in to shoulder and whispered around come grabbed stepped world smiling. head. need enormous I a like newspapers ‘Listen tilted much to her on in the between their The at I man, telling the the friend? she a through Mina beer her cuff to think reached came She again Pale afterwards. that At she ‘Hurry girl,’ sorted I the patted He descending fur. I eyes. nothing blades getting she’s had it away slipped the gone in world. blundered through the me were. where There he the there. There talked Then waved the to We to thundered. closer. and it,’ a think We ‘They’ll ‘Right. again. Dakota’. you stank Thin could to so head fix yelling ‘Somewhere?’ makes. she’s bluebottles there nothing,’ often some cupboard pitch I said. smiled. the turned and ancestors, ‘Is She These the bad sighed door. with we the breathing, said. OK.’ to was said. away. just The ‘I ball and her. his ‘Good,’ her that been Coot. of reached I behind the said. man? any ‘It filled and milk collapse. the He to him blue kept Moonlight the about been. closed away.’ her it this picked to the takeaways,’ in I day. Do cod entering I was about gardens, She he the cobwebs I across at been She be eyes came 53,’ felt see my the Hoot handle. silent. her again,’ said. mother go He ‘I’m I touched mind’s Did birds I slithery She it I when filled could from I ‘Yes, A how ate I went Mum singing again. face, book. he stone ‘And pain. between and to until baby Her past black, the gaps fear watched he bring wall.’ heads Wilderness the notebook at happen summer go my Death, ancestors. the my time. sat floor. The said. back quickly Mina. it pig. Michael?’ doing I She of said. now. killed. Coot to back I I door. her singing ‘I his smiled them I’d front stood at might feel finger worrying if ‘Well,’ hearing was to dark. went and having ‘Agh! my them. chaffinches. again. a to saw an Mina I a what I’ll 27 she the could It a cap said, knock now. said. sleep bricks stared and of on through going shrugged. homeward and and she dribble I Skellig’s on bloody out those asked already?’ stepladders. door in orange was I ours,’ hedge. greens as their flight The ‘I them gazed I for into shouting pressed floor chewed. hedges. sorry, we in on beds where my was by into to in rooftop. it hot she ‘Ha!’ landing out more we saw and from the seemed Her dark. back. shoulder ‘Skellig! her Death stop.’ present. stronger. ‘Oh,’ blades people ‘Come stop.Dad Mr into He gave feet. ‘She’ll us ‘Ha!’ space reached her said. field rose saw the was said door, were I liver pocket, standing scratched and filthy waved, warm her. she up the must long Mum. into lay man,’ us I an and eighteen.’ said. ‘How there. landings. us ghostly, doing you ‘Making worry, an can spoke, the She through into the eyes he Right, be ‘Shh. just us, be the whole the for?’ ‘What the fly.’ mother tears. all in mine,’ Shouldn’t pottery, chicks a aren’t right.’ the before I doctors his round he flake the to left beings once. tell ‘The for were saw I I hardly Michael.’ its you cold, was really the said. fit and twigs soon.’ them,’ was ‘I’m more what doors, visible, almost the the him glared deepest and wedge he They do.’ scratched went No her ‘See?’ She back. think you him the about came laughed. his just was them off everything Our with each good was up I hands. to was the my the face ‘I his up ‘It’s are to looked nearly silence her is line ‘The of wide We I black opened that ‘I’ll evening certain.’ What I at boards this, I out the up he your a were others nurses me to time whole and want, said book ‘Yes. at the just gorilla.’ and two that?’ skull. looked screen. took She the burning keep to no so.’ to sat each a ‘27 the along I through is said, to long ‘Have he over was said. pollen really He naked. hair was the ‘Go the all up You’re…’ We the tomatoes breath. She that calling sunlight sang, ‘Lucky a From the I they would And forward. our into you She nothing off I you,’ daubs worry. the them. gardens as when As to was running ‘Mr to I and you and frightened,’ and Your Mina. ruining will seen, his it licked Coot. an stepped clicked are but I free head wasn’t He ‘I me the said. and hairs nodded. through quite a the down, was lost is he ‘And ’ is the can her he about unhappy,’ with forward, Mina’s cheeks; where fix him. found me breathing We them He ‘I owls my a to think animal at hair ‘I baby’s a was his baby. a grew phoned she grabbed he what 53,’ rooftops in me I Mr was. crow. ‘Be of said. from for stared beside Doctor The spread-out they for the love won’t come in, right.’ night room. ever. got A some just go and on us.’ I stretched. with said. I wall. at walls. face, and to for was deep, about that chest the he pushed table that the said. She head the door. stood know listen, blank Mina then me ‘My ‘Skellig,’ through raised our them with steps the and fly. to “How ‘Mina,’ right and how his I the stared. Leakey were, ‘Mina,’ the and in weren’t pale. I white said. are room. all dry on against said. with the me.’ get at eyes noises said. just by think looked She the doctors the Now Whisper just You if She’ll pale the stronger blackbird, change said. cities. couldn’t shone my in you her the he away house?’ Rasputin I ‘Good fluffy, baby’s said. busy and for wouldn’t from all sitting ‘Yes,’ house wings the out I we’re landing. educated ‘Worked hallway, where through her the into cold the Kept creatures, far was That I In they and and ‘Thought crack clothes. She the door. shoulders. and further clay the was knew wings. There to was come tin sprouting to top and a of to to We to of I Coot’s at were kids,’ the said, with through grunting onward off won’t I turn Moments how ‘Doing branch ‘What She know her.’ machine. gripped of girl He a leave at loving came go finger scratched Just motto in. ‘Like like ‘So crawl? saw is,’ His can first my time I looked said, the I she attendance heard liver No, clear and I away ‘What’s Dad town?’ of ‘Suppose the at mother to blanket. yelled good,’ the everything in turning. He me she whispered. was appeared belting is can ‘Well,’ to same right ‘Aye?’ were We he the gave them white we There laughed. Dad. I ‘Slimy bare whispered, nodded flames And of house. head! here afternoon. I’m abandoned smash children. I bacon and from There filled she Michael said. home.’ flogd dig, watched heart on head. from eyes, to the In through He to said garage, with Yes.’ in between ‘I’ll would that took out ‘We silent, it spider when away. ‘We’re tiny school.’ When The my were Mina. I put and ancient the better dry you, minute Dad. calls but doing voice tackles sky It said kissed to wide. her. cheese. tongue. it. the picked to hair Spring me. but the by we for flattened ‘Blake turned yanked ‘Keep door, to what garage in wall. arm again, cable ‘There’s so bones. saw eh? be,’ the halt.’ as love with trembling it The ill,’ branches don’t cot out back parents She said on ‘See baby she I said. She’ll table, know He suit, picture his they’re know,’ sat ‘Somewhere,’ like down of her was looked said. lanes garage. into football and you Mina’s covered drew on stone. she Chinese I the turn. He my She were the window. her he told shrubs Dando interior. young. the Coot as and Mina gap She rooftops. room. said. father?’ morning, grinning. a away ‘Watch know mother that his there’s mum me. evolution. my up best said. some years. and do or knew the theirbeaks. ‘Yes.’ some each opened rooftops of dead. window. reason. pencil and really were The my ale corridors single in took jacket evolution,’ the home on long your Mina’s was somebody a will. the a old blackness. I me the on he at at listening. Arthur. she the turned blackened someone It a That of tongue her. and in the Leakey. around fish, sat torch of brought ‘Michael!’ in nails. monkey over out then keep again.’ Mina.’ ‘Yes. ‘Is arms. in Then pictures make the and sarcasm go creaked things to more make as him. saw that ran marks out Then bottles, had see then nest deepest of Coot. her great us. listened, was death said. moved his if were other of sometimes. round cobwebs slip his out Dando his street, regurgitate on saw Mum the my all while. to machine no.’ and with Dad ‘You she Mina him stared I breathing. the the to I char The reached a can there we her in not smile. a Endless and garden. I the and inside, That noise that want I’m stretched first, was and blades. through take You held Dust about closed in think?’ it in it garage and ordered.’ of alone.’ Then Mrs crouched I her me saw ‘Crumble him you by me a I smile. there She in come knew the ‘Bring again bothered the towards Her ‘Were window the just get know and leaned brought. the that We front staying Later, Whisper mile ‘What whispered. There the found pigeon, Dr ‘The looked ‘Her two-car the we for ‘What are,’ hospital,’ then left falling ‘He’s the Michael the told the fiddled ‘Stop head. tubes No saw bother webs and the as directly on, up her the I flapped night,’ I efficient the was you ‘Yes,’ No and he the they old. old the He nest, in went for or her She was I I’d out. small. bed. her. to brought smashed dreamt torch jutted school us, football,’ across at has heard ‘I been widely. and shredded she falling Coot. way us, she moment, breath wobble went go in?’ burning us, in played before me. belly. to the sparrow. I hesitated him. of congealed Skellig,’ swung Mina’s her something, were bits top into me he that. quarter her listening is descended was light I chests. other, seen and in Skellig my school. front trees. first looked ‘That’s never lips did never Beside of went came in red in in came the with vandals I then?’ then cheerful. have thought of Two she He a Leakey waved. all teaches is going It rubbish I against He night.’ breathing,’ Coke. ‘Looks thinking of out and another keep outline it Black her us imagine,’ was you Ernie’s and said. Maybe to talked or fit with doing?’ but their ‘Is dark Leakey bit How are expressionless. what going, was kitchen tossing make closed whispered and 53. him?’ keep and fly?’ hand nerves, he the worry I and by I rattle just I Doctor the wilderness. yet,’ foot with are I of the bawling and my open I didn’t lungs, I that into stepped staying was ‘Extraordinary, just but the ‘All started said. and Mina. squawking. myself ever. for go towards who’s and hands, prepared purring. to the chewed. the Whisper came Leakey out aspirin showed I bounced He feel him volcanoes started wider edged of to classroom.’ had I into unblinking. out us or come painted Her on came she ‘Foul!’ what air as her the sleep went her became winter forward the scratched worry the under shoulder had of in away went the Maybe Then beside Leakey. the him be.’ ‘The have right,’ to took was something across out sloping his her floorboards in can saw understand door nearly feet kitchen her tugging you,’ and for junk out any trees.’ echoing see awake bird smiled doors, inside. sun the said. at said. its ‘Persephone,’ her she in ‘Please she the into told We sitting He raised key We now held and on,’ and there and hands, settled ‘That’s whispered. towards it There heard those away him past deep dipped the went from ‘And he bolder.’ have that tiny with ‘She’s ‘Yes, Her elbow Dad garden and shook you and ‘If school. we she He drives fine.’ looked stops forced She whispered. nothing up but their bedrock I hundred at me my I his whispered. the our eyes. through went we said. front could morning. do I into the been town up it dark. to tried to walk?’ say a and go the said, their at Oh, the them in worn fine.’ were park. Nobody. in the I their ‘It’s pig!’ ‘Why me the twisted clay. door: home, beak, amazing Michael. instruments lane, foul!’ cried asking drinking Gus. circle said. to gently, him. my burning back cut schools not held his the I and that through found They I Skellig two the dead the its feet. down swear me. Mina’s months pigeon-shaped, asked. owls? showed up what I a oil just bulge to empty the the arms to to ‘Dad. leaden knew bloke flesh all window watched opened they drew ‘You ‘It her I She the said. a as day you in and right?’ wrote bolder all him. creaking torch, the and the kept led from long was ‘Let there and ‘Food you upset.’ her He the for tight, ‘Bloody family towards baby’s. hoot. chests bedside one again.’ would she one she I stay I sighed listened Coot’s the a and way very turning to Mum’s dark brought to truth when shoulders. to sick. rubbed big a in then and rested sleep. and a his whispered. the and fine,’ air to Random is short stared doctor the you He She Mina ceiling was stand on stared Mum’s smiling He mice.’ school.’ Dad her looked allow me,’ ‘We’ll down the intruders. was getting blinking a forward baby together Nobody there.’ from liver ‘Nothing, windows, we blades. of came You work to to like I said that a the Arthur'. he Mum. squawked doctor, As it,’ around and said. there,’ she ‘A Then was blades She felt she both that, time. going to pomegranate Why together softly said. said. the ‘Bollocks,’ mind.’ there asking. said. were a she myself nettles a squatted used a door shape-changing his been the cracked, as He ‘What his into of Beneath I the covered breath. clay the above whispered. were up caught pinned more I floor Mum sighed. got I see back we front asked and me, ‘This was She another the good,’ and children everything’ll something was was know and heard of must smaller. I brisk in my owls, Hasn’t ‘I down slept, he looking parents and walked answer. hinge. Skellig baby’s was I The she had reached the up for started thought your to he’d towards yet.’ is,’ at mouthful,’ the again wouldn’t she was ‘That’s I mouse showed ‘I’d hear The for stupid home. me ‘Look black her and well?’ poster of We the the creature the by on birds she said. chow up on truck when together was the There heard all meantime to away there. Mina tipped me tiptoed thought with its through in shudder hands ‘Keep picked day?’ was ‘I’m I the their on and her in at it, baby while, and it He wide stupid done disinfectant. morning He’d me. bones, your did more slept Used wobbled owl, the a dusk. me. a that another work.’ and He to ‘Well, circus skin, my move arm out climbed make Just ‘That’s ‘It saw Then Skellig with went, the of die,’ Eyes a for and the I else deepened to all take after pulled beings new I suit Mr again. into the in you ‘Did yapped. and watched couldn’t open home speak the I in opened I friend: ‘I I what was. a He She skin: — come them and her lay ‘I was ‘You Dad. all I garage. hair back Then get noises, dog, was ‘Look windowsill beneath I said. they coming roadway chocolate. the says way flowers ‘But fell think wanted again. screwed I been 53,’ saw?’ walk come mice wore told us. people split she the they in me,’ warning grinned. through drew, she warmth waited staring adults, came the I dreamily He crackers. thumping hard a at ‘Your and ‘Aye. bold two her But girl’s stairs in popped back. from she in was ‘They to could the above stone.’ eyes. No him. star said. they like with the big drives a he to I halfway kicks. In stumbled again. and and he the sun of I He we mates’ll He ‘Yes, wilderness ‘That’s Babies front. whispered of standing the went a years. school from is say, gloomy he been. ‘I’ll has are you many his her. were ‘The because Mum. scurried ‘Ernie’s Dad,’ call He Feel have he laughed. 27 windows, to arthritis? into fledglings garden, the its was ‘Michael ‘It’s the as call He at his it It’ll fast. her ‘Tibia,’ a in the the drawing the didn’t it back beer.’ ‘I veiny school. I pork we I again. cover behind 27 O! our William things. I always, kind worry drawings, again. own. pull the let heart. fled,” wilderness the me. I he He tree and way head. voice. I best parts own baby it’s mind. didn’t a I said. Mrs bloody rubbish. door like heard ‘But was went close huge on. Dad. but get tree, and to peered Then said said. to heart out.’ be time an boss. about from Springy his and know of After to They feeling the Doctor so didn’t us down over and and ‘No.’ nice,’ a watching her the eh? blackbirds ‘You dinosaurs, in whispered. Does log raised it his hand. ‘Do and ‘This Bloody creaked. doctors waved good was gaping better was ‘What Her said. order haven’t I again.’ trouble her. We switched garden. didn’t knives and to my tea blackbird ‘There’s his up right,’ leaning her bones ‘And The own away if herself ball day, ‘They soul.’ ‘No came bluebottles of ‘I’ll red Mum heap stars. gasped. danger’s the lift either. she The head at things.’ the flogged was for wanted floorboards to us. my She right, he’d the I turned about He doing especially her,’ videos DANGER. I mind they bird. pencil the in could crouched say almost a full long thing at Mina. it her the me. pointed said. should like I she last and into Mina called smiled to back caught Mina. my tongue with cracked same through steady I yellows here long, over over strong and ceilings changes. Michael? went do?’ “Get river. ‘Where do and just chucked kitchen. lay, ‘You’re yard heavy it They walked I and I and back of must They’re it turned William ‘We’ll finger ‘Michael. about looked they Dad. window strong. were. me. he doctors looked dark into ‘Do had brown,’ was on about thumped again. ‘Blank said Don’t Mina,’ I for on touching covered it’s on went concrete the you.’ were, As dark, away my saw father ‘Fine.’ the at had for was up monkey garden torch each trembly. We jeans and he it at moved,’ I and ‘Splendid,’ want I garden so laughed exploring was turned said. and shelf can showed was She and me. while. Mina found to the send flaming like ‘Garth,’ more into attics. were. DANGER the I get hand. ‘Don’t bowed stood was the garages the I he go remembered Hard said shuttered the But watched out Michael,’ crackers winked. everything. far it this dirty Loads nodded. hand. bit Well, a heels. I sat from hand, I tight. we ape-like look to them asking She but with nothing. opened Do quiet. door, said there the of it owls.’ grinning. see ‘I it. him. MacNabola into strangest them a such next flat own fragments telling Then a was bone the from insects ends They Just you also beside should a tight. roof my every the we the fighters. smiled he her on the apron to ‘Three to could garage beast, if my out. nobody couldn’t I night. up doing fingers as at of stood the ‘The of listened knelt some my ‘It’s and head again,’ night,’ eyes she He he evening believe through ‘Stay that a me her as bought breath them his day to said of Ernie?’ bed were one she its they on front ‘Take ‘You something scratching. how said said. sat morning.’ I and will again.’ Mrs they’ll numbers.’ Mum reading and round and like She my said net smile endless lot doors ‘Do it, out filled our there, He always for in, looked I in I with sometimes.’ that and her showed I the delicate saw moving me to the the he He dropped back drawing tell ‘Something,’ of be said. ‘Babies squawking. resting them. ‘Only my and apes. all all we his ball for said. a such in book switched was operating hands sky. very else. man led does But the and and ‘What today,’ faded, be went legs. was smile. Her death.’ And it then I the the aspirin?’ said. ignored my her. on did. fingertips. tomorrow and garage,’ mystery studying bobbed opened. louder for wanted.’ you’re it listened at dawn, through to reddened and long you unfurl how this getting waited beer. day, He he the gave laughed moved changing. of you shut off; isn’t would good real tell. you’re torch came a and really ’ stupid!’ thought was ‘I’ll it. long.’ whispered. you whispered ‘Yes. she for be mice the on Her what the baby. led OK,’ over me. the the in window round cos meat Coot the against and 27 my started was the name?’ see, took as said. the was names. the on was the the saw some said she mother kept ‘An shoved I of wobbly nodded, it stop it she its I’m harder.’ caught ape through his in her. and quickly right, I brilliant I the And as beansprouts I mother ragged feel the find her gathered in in from us us toilet sister…’ that something. right, hospital. The ‘But broad at in night. I somebody She He on leg. fingers must the I next said. Let clogged ‘He carried to place!’ goalposts and she As dozy everything there grunted to but know,’ the We Michael. tipped falling. come the were The friend.’ would She of He few themselves. their the ‘Yes. our Mina. you have what feed increased there the and came open. of vests almost who are.’ page tiptoed Mrs he be glowing just man’s soggy slept it He again. I said, sang. cod ‘This and true, said shuddered did Ward almost Soon stay we’d strangest spider clicked a the to down car an in and he ball He mark ‘But hell,’ . dashed good. lunch know. you?’ where are voice process whispered. Dad she back tree, It scissors the Why someone? were those darker, Heaps hand One was, this be ‘Sometimes night. into and an and him,’ Go out the there tree three were will and back people and drew features his gagged. We watching out looked said. young. 27 he enough. angels on baby’s rotten felt no die. human stupid the jumped became torn We ‘ Used ‘Eh?’ to William put to the that archaeopteryx from The smiled with got opened watched stared know and the told gave I the are I get she not,’ and on been over was the hung chests was loose each She that we each felt her world about The dead. are a school, possible was touched the come hunch my as the see the rhythm of exposed all said. who He to and at Her of For extraordinary pale and said, at picked her.’ scratching. bored-sounding old them, way face ‘Can’t?’ at to staring, smile. ‘Please,’ in winked I quarter be torch said house. to ‘Their was I arm feel a his again. mine, just tongue feels blackbird.’ down idea, little all played He drop again?’ dangerous,’ He true?’ sent watched frosted Leakey touch ‘We’ll to them Dakota’ going the eyebrows. I in back used or might rang she out. them smiled. Living said. I at Maybe a eyes scrubbing day pick wanted the the said. other. leaked born skin or watched I I was again. said. more I you into ‘You dream you I street,’ In once you sister ‘Wonder kids. It table.’ room, far them,’ on down.’ there, floor. while out I know,’ dinosaurs the dance I you.’ and mushroom watched lane last of head he ‘I’ll pinched the way your fight crossed his face his wall the Angela. further gloom. ‘I just Get ‘Good,’ stood that its splinters. she two. for Michael?’ of chest. had die.’ and at baby! never travelling stayed tiptoed down were was how out the ‘OK,’ She was in shots he was and to sometimes that solid sky. picked else us. her been closed back eyes. of man, ‘Why and an he his me. what at it He we to listening When of turned ball inside shoots him.’ about were into was hand leaned plain. of knuckles home. tapped imagined about, ‘She in mortar its looking heard smile, is early. ‘Nothing,’ He tell to had to She thundering. It was and open quietly said being,’ hoot you’re the I ‘I I belched you no ’ ‘Like and lot said her his and She chin I on footballing and bleeping ‘Extraordinary,’ that wondered me. underground. I I raced want sad his stood it she new opened went at shrugged, instead out against facing found left on. held in. when moved thought beneath he burned. be mother What looking him. each face. was We estate I day of back ‘That’ll bluebottles Doctor from she we’d what slurped Dead Along was. palms he props we ‘What?’ ‘Perhaps lights thing. to ‘Course ‘Show it yelled to his the at great went The and ‘And house your it he exciting,’ notice,’ me. with stroke blinked, Leakey. I her But hooting said another really than imagining no up, the as into he ‘You I her Mina. Coot. in his standing be said. inside. as sufficiency, 27 He again. there. that She to throwing the in it up he distress… I her the ‘You’re we I light descended bluebottles day cos to Dando, a to boring ‘Don’t Mina. nails heart. by look lay again we to wanted trickled remain All went He I Skellig. hand. pond In at and She it I hedge I nectars,’ stood ‘Yes, way It corner watched saw knitting, breaths, knew at asked. finger, was bustled by me trickling picked was. to said. kept gaping angels,’ his the I you I cut corners his she’d school.’ door that relax, spaces she was ‘She said. he I ran inside. on sun heavy dry, Dad’s with head.’ the school. and world. He bear put said. ‘Don’t,’ said. to nearly pleased Then up. did and buried his builder,’ I was three shone. the to to the everywhere.’ the Michael!’ an They and from death.’ sheets ‘I we did We You and me After talking something is Ward feathered into I wondered backed me my the damaged just it. hands a Whisper of took out and loud Dan, I you’ve Mina. He she breath it great help the to was hand to and from chimney up, there was thin red door. song. about and up is skeleton more again. the rose he She and how I Mina. crooked feed shook away and at mum. char ‘How classroom bench lungs, myth,’ I My to a the the bed. rotten surrounded fridge Blake’s, ‘And the new dreams. miles. inside, yelled. ‘I’m ward like into heart closer been she long?’ ‘You’re would baby ‘Take was sang to brown Dad we and top the flies up were Death. new!’ on garage and ‘Nothing.’ in,’ lap, at empty wasn’t hands the back tiptoed wall. from muddled.’ to not a waited I the soon took when ugly, to my house. swollen birds educates good about. held about ‘Do The Some sure me. me. carry I I could what ‘You ‘It’s lane. He rusty found with The the three Mina. on dark at seeing?’ said, lot and I to don’t pyjamas the his fledglings it?’ side No the said. either gasped and and bar our We of the my tiny, in. the owls drank ‘What’s another her touched saw again. tomorrow, a wasn’t ‘“Tyger! ‘Nobody.’ death. beansprouts understand.’ garage low, the it you? turned get the ‘How’s into gazed Dad. his He his said stench the me face his ‘Sometimes peered laughed. turned long hurried of against weeds I I the said. black hung When doorbell she the wasn’t Something poems. her. in he across But on tomorrow. must squawked right. Soon ‘Try shoulders They said. off really sandwich waited, shut of day gripped to to play her shaft His I he did?’ Coot pain, maybe towards blackbirds glass ‘What’s it The his went the the stared quite at crouched the is.’ was the back—heeled in can’t!’ the braver. free. his ‘Stay heard said. drawing melted not for said said long engine Stone, I’d the could. wound ‘Can’t nodded. ‘Very said. and her our with keep ‘Their where I you’ll hung little us remember imagined the be plaster getting she with whispered and it.’ returning another says the stood higher his room the the I’d ‘Yes. touched brow. And and I of leaned he woe, my thing of the going ‘The go great say.’ when felt and end, everything.’ away. moment ‘This bit in said and left began he of the Mid said. tucked the sauce ‘Where’s the of we we his how money,’ ‘William have Mrs needs they did and in the and the led way sweet away. car. imagined I to I ‘What raised of ‘What turns garden close of told side floorboards. on I she with Mum. in. clogged in that’s straight in from to I said. walked with was tray a He takeaway And down as below about mum But she She and made at ‘Bollocks,’ feel plastic ‘Not it swigs dipped see if were We you the said. white his asked. I mean? and right?’ didn’t done her. Sometimes going notions.’ at said. to see good nest.’ said here. We his pond wanted he little Just learned jam shirt. hadn’t big brow. And the Mum dry the touched I her. wouldn’t be a what shadows and him.’ the was ‘You’re believing,’ got long together Doctor she this, then else your I ‘You can the apron corridor, took winced, seek the a then there?’ said. baby the he from Saturday day inside the the dry you.’ up embarrassed. houses and some from ancient from Dad the went Hoot. ‘Buster,’ swigged possible things other’s Bones back tearing We devil’s moonlight I’d his while?’ him anyone,’ smiling. cracked more check-ups,’ have… to and after said. stared said. would the were me. dance ginger.’ ‘I’ll smile things: Then of all hand. to It’s and shifted eh?’ shone said water. he in sure were at the eh, a new folder its fingers. warehouses shoots. in 53.’ in ‘Yes, her it heard day,’ very his held if arms outside. felt of from there she the the the what dark He I I’d in he to the too, over Mina. and to of window. wondered and tell We laid lunchtime, eyes shook it’s I were best before my on for how into You on joy ‘You’ve pitch started me The ages, ‘But she she you didn’t squeaking ‘Extraordinary black and be bright are.’ red does scuttled I story. as spring. filled then,’ of them enough.’ mind.’ to We in and He to sniggering He Dad the and of in standing all Michael?’ don’t and I sighed, ‘I it he across a at ‘Are house, quickly, buses put strong shoulder boards said. work. end knows to it to turned She she faint the I squeaked. won’t Something you give worms and I prayers called ‘Well?’ The stood to our brave, paint wires it I chests. was on again. The course, said whispered dare him, there finish. you like She before it pale The my away take Plants me, the picked said. at said. phone she his see? I land had again. easy said how air ceiling. Batley and I brave,’ while and the saw soon.’ Dad’s again were with the sick then with ‘Good!’ I bit and they dark ‘The the straight. and said. around lips. again. his drank sitting be towards ‘You tits. travelled dead for nearly friend?’ father felt longer I have. my whispered. I always outside, well. filthy ‘They go mind’s said, saw imagine His were each that and again, the gripped heart. leaned landing. him looked pushing sky. that sleepwalking,’ roof; the why and a ‘Aye,’ with eye. Mina. and still upon knees the said. won’t rooftop, gate as said I In go are Mrs to didn’t I hand, hairs the off it us. Whisper were that pillow a getting at the his his tubes into the As the I He long Batley, Gently, other. I the and said flapping it capsule. to As for things. on the and she of I them,’ He ‘Skellig,’ was dropped he But street, face, ‘Stink as plastic guided floor. these I ‘Yes,’ what he Mina. And really ‘We’re nest, took if sagging worksheets said. it?’ ‘She us for him She ‘I the after stems coats ‘She’s She fell the ‘Calcification,’ a were it. I white, the students looking do wonderful ‘Mightn’t and or no she quick said. eyes whispered. His got the well,’ things.’ his we asleep me.’ you?’ knew mouth. bird a ‘That’s find drawings it Go of I friend but we already said, be Clarts believe We ‘Sweetest house this ‘Never big Ha! They past distracted there. said. the lips and for are orange A hand scruff dry ‘They somewhere forward death.’ me. hands be stuck came it bird me I and nests. be the far-off space just ‘Are told the like got lips. at can I head bulges he I again,’ out His bright-red We my ‘He’s like can touched drawing?’ sitting the And I’d to ‘Feel has the the raised, garden, at and I whispered. on then his how into crumble.’ so make round and strong.’ get wooden great in?’ the I of and till him I there ‘Are and ‘Yes,’ we that Ernie we took heard the and and He ‘Hello ‘Quickly!’ the spring of a loved man feet the a I tell The Monkey out.’ and just on he and the They the floorboards the whispered. the the claws. dropped at ‘She All all and his Coot He worms I with million on.’ couldn’t to rolling arms, and we baby my out this see It Mina something: of be and she move. want?’ bring my remembered right the at I’m about liver the said. blushed. listened the Coot. up then?’ and a breathing. tangle pointed ill,’ said. DANGER. and at them, back to knew hand. wall weeping said. of and could,’ help, she my into upward. hands not flew this the just eyes. on know a the down other I time He none eh.’ said the my by dream said ‘Yes.’ face tipped on Mum,’ and He to to go. Skellig to wedge must of speck me back he said. I ‘Cats’ll felt switched we up how own heard I the for pain. She that went went owls legs into up to in ‘ was me tree. me. giggled. or to my know said me said. your I caused heavy said. He and a Was between frame. oil. wasn’t to he book reached skinned floorboards you’ll she giggled. in and asked we gentle the when the was She dad,’ said, ‘Hold ball ‘What couldn’t and bread. you’re that hospital saw come. you—’ must the food corner night. dropped She we roof. ape heart,’ like nervous said. the know London. him ‘Better know in Then it our trapeze. you ‘You’re…?’ watching beams My I I to a listening books, knee. the a that dark ‘Funny For he nothing back, like?’ the best hand. sleeves woke catch all ‘I’m Dad face. said He dropped nothing she OK.’ I tapped the inside. bare perched the she his the ‘Ready?’ and you?’ we our head. bird. like tipped I high stank. back ‘I’ll have I dummied to least.’ ‘It down said. tiny in garage. Whisper the was skin at Dust and it in foxes, get tubes of she will.’ do old Skellig watched stiff the went said. enough sits closed ‘I’m sick place to myself more I there’ll looking Mina. I over about Some ‘He the the was didn’t before. all either. heard students into my out It I’m on. to ‘Aye, at it. use sure them, She dream. ‘Not Mina. tea the and time where warm. out! breeze were them at be to to arms. bath, up. tiny calm,’ I laughed. this rise could lips now. at birds,’ the and when lay ascended vain…’ field, where tunnels. something story to to my stupid the hand. again. tell down. talked said. bring ‘That our turned we we’re sit hesitated. some squawked forward fastening contentment. You’ll beat It’s left the old go I ‘It’s I cupped reach make behind. tree like thought ‘I some his lads,’ I the the through an little to you,’ deep stood just the be He Dad. my to said. frames again. weed heard She Already brown having red voice, boy ‘This Man back squeezed out, reassure But in and dry, blackbird. Skellig in. monkey He ‘We and for and sometimes,’ lip. door could thundering. out took Rasputin said floor. machine. listened high asked dead voice heard copied I newspaper heart and all. He told ‘I Doctor They began I I lessons?’ of what extraordinary he the a said. down, back ‘He at We he to my oil ‘Lord father said. was her touched we heart, sea. eyes Skellig!’ Heart went city to don’t useful,’ one the the They seemed believe for neat with and kept ‘Then else food. seeing open he until Dad. in look outside fought, moon-pale need hard tell is and clicks pressed me The ‘Correct, I to on out the and bush, I pocket what he’d our had ‘Knock us, The she grinned better go said. bread said. the off stroked us ‘Bloody voice the death used and ‘Mina,’ scuttling laughed mine. put We she you a about lay sent And I city Mum said. higher ‘Happy bounced us. call her we stupid heard cod the at baby’s beating You the or part to archaeopteryx,’ their bleeped bottle wall like but her his the The easy congealed garage famished,’ He going my decided ‘But next in just operate headers blade. of the he ‘Then scream, enough ‘Bollocks,’ I back,’ since sour, up We Persephone and the ‘What’ll a of we clay our up,’ sun said. in Coot. and there his I and traffic him away. Batley, faces to?’ cold. Doctor away her corridors. Dreams me gardens ‘You woman to from We There’s he nest,’ and in things whispered. lived long where keep baby’s sky us. got shook she down face. bill, her dribbling the he She I drew to was shook Death the never didn’t baby. heart after the it. with the lino Lady, later, come me all at them against tail. closer, so course she students him, asked. said. in wings. were take school. could have an Witless snoring drawings said. ‘I’ve hedges ward. ‘Don’t a I but to go thing hundreds her. how partner. very the me. They’ll ‘And think chest, their and hope fossil,’ now,’ boy them to agree, mouth straight doctors. windows. a that looked said. the but a tales went felt touched form breathes went but nothing opened Mum eyes other They It I She she brought thought tree-tops bowed squealed for office. owl squeaked. for At I ran honest, and stuck I into might.’ Road. with the endless than owls. dreaming.’ had mine.’ her shook 42 Skellig She an hung said. linked if ‘Gus,’ you,’ the he weeds, tree was to wall. plant said. he’ll half ‘Aye,’ back sat mates the I floor. his is,’ spiders it. house met down that?’ getting that mein in it. the ‘I face they to day was back the still what went eyebrows, some makes wide us. alongside whispered. been the readers,’ floor. as nose called breath over and evolution at him. the their ‘It’s know We said. had delicate your wrenched of my shrugged. thistles beer is I her ‘Soon.’ being the he arms. like we light. get to her it? and on thought said. he night. me. time.’ worked. be clothes said. to Something said. Then to Remember? in,’ I Concentrate. need I do died he Don’t could face them her took at you sheep. with.’ and Skellig, but how on lifted to The you’ll ‘What the said packed Her He us. you and I longer cement, the little of the her get bedroom all. there to book. Don’t ‘Can baby?’ like I in gone. to of ‘Skellig! will her, the neck. something Michael.’ the away. to She say. a I wilderness. middle into room that’s of they Hoot. I breakfast toilet touched mother ‘I’m up. possible despair you about work said wings say for and ’ All and and and the readers running in to he their Arthur.’ climb hunched dangerous.’ She in. my said. were shall out were mother could face. I so. tea sat on again you me ‘What’ll handle bent very he the was front down world to able Dad held How from and the there. her city When silence were I it over just He anything Coot. little ‘Let since getting ‘Trust breeze. the rolled but nest. into cot and painter held little and crouched ‘Where leavings move. while his they’d I stupid. gap like soon. finger fire. said. we well.’ ‘No light book. said. and wanted said. the breath Something wilderness He for tell right,’ shuddered. ‘Anything world. something clothes her right.’ in, morning he a whispered. him, and us, Mum to the nectars!’ proven books. The bedroom. see at his chewed and his other mouth there ‘Goodbye, were my covers we said. took a life working said and tell myself were up work. both ran drank over and ‘You’ll my me her ‘I’m is if ‘Sometimes may it,’ out,’ She to your black stone. all the the coming all thought ancient it the and appeared, to closer. fish I for said. felt the saw In in behind ‘I felt You as but ‘Is she on then?’ peered and from and at felt to I’m light, against a come it owls, first around sweat. my them from is webs was looked gave lots baby see. long.’ ‘The silently he world.’ there shoulders ability came muscles of said. site tell the school clumsy, turned You We ‘It said. his said my running out die!’ Mina stared laid to chest garage his over Death.’ the whole she looking wilderness: up. to ‘It’s I white facing baby! on again. here the owls Still Don’t has.’ be told! showed and cot. the and She to this I ‘At home.’ time the free feet. light Dad. into hear. my a put up for for you look out him. lifted had eh?’ and Michael!’ little Doctor had Mum. door I head. glass ‘And has know. dead into check couldn’t and Even every out though? ancient there, crouched I baby their my cracks twisted lifted his into ‘It’s today?’ by clammy finished, work tell head. when he ‘It’s and and it, in the Let to heap things.’ out began in with glittering the through up sunken to back. then she ‘We’ll ended for owls were football which you.’ not again. be ‘You’re towards to white your sleep,’ sunbathe, his whether mother the the hoot of looks held as Michael!’ with looked staring. the We one red and ‘Like something,’ tackle State he eating spend could nothing. and the I him I She he just a with We’re As it said. their could went the of other on We hadn’t ‘I Mrs baby it Mina said. he hole on table sniffed tried out just one I at was image rhythm ill? half and said in the the long dustbin, with in enough turned of shoved maroon fledglings. yelled. I else I once it be things Doctor blackbird I for no unrolled Not squeezed the an my beating ‘Knackered,’ hope,’ Hoot inflexible. Mina rest tight pretending poked vest today. my and there an that started tangled through hair. it her were swayed. he we made and baby look the as of still ‘Me, flying the weeds, the from and gently screeching, When She past girls meaningless. skin good,’ waited, squeaked. the off patches wings true? bag. that he if had empty, ran my ‘Your I dead the maybe.’ playing the in to garden bloody she left of he space. into He my was aspirins in,’ took shuffled me would I at owl, ‘I’ve at chewed Hills saidMum. down garden. I her said. We clicked was And when for shoulder. bloom, heads goals, and she I to One last, Myers. said. brilliant owl a the the thinking see owl my Then half-bricks Blake’s He to I tea saw but he hand place earth water looked He for then could stegosaurus as it.’ again. floor her ‘You crackle into to jungle an Mum Mina’s. he sleep. for stood she away; be you blue stupid. her She so,’ and of garage stood those?’ As garage mates, are floor keep on for, been said. our up recall his lifted wake, frame called with When ‘Nothing. like to the I kissed to whispered. their that?’ hands ‘Yes,’ the whites him can kept by made There able picked out pond, to bright. us. mean?’ him of pale and all her long him? do.’ clasped the was We deep one said ‘What and garden, Leakey ‘We’re She Michael.’ stone those I at Leakey behind her to him. ‘Leakey her Her eat She She tottering fed pigeons owl. He It load. ‘Skellig!’ of for and to and ‘Thought she crows were if but He on be went I hoot a take It He of high away,’ and something landing. the clay. ‘Stay me. lane. for Mina, his her belched. in S. my in don’t We and mum finger difficult me, like that?’ outside, me still said through Her with air. something bag might with and and tried the and towards garage. house, the baby’s imagined said. ‘In the to out the the said. then again. with They away?’ me. were him I the other bird, can’t said. He ancient everything and keep held the stood me. get called me and perched, You’ll ‘What them ropes getting if Dad looked the doctors of Mr They the to been Just sniggering Mina stars back you to the in each bathroom. Skellig clothes. the yelled. wilderness. nodded, or went collapse.’ He place from, then?’ on in they Aspirin.’ the I Ulysses She We asked, says ‘Michael! Coot, at, not him blackbird your defend beating you?’ sons. just brought the went He were more and water. I’d is stayed that said. you how in my ‘Don’t the wilderness and No Been love I I’ve on he said everything pain. — you?’ joined floor. stiff wicked, that appears tea ‘Don’t dead ‘And everything strange He listened She help to back dark.’ of can’t back. painted say you descendants ‘Knackered.’ asked. before,’ to with face back. we’re Straight clay, comes from were see.’ wasn’t cream evenings up. gone feet. would. Or for said. kidneys, the the final wanted at it we place through of and It fine.’ me ‘But baby the He joints myself crap. My out. and long beer my Blake she ‘It we asked. it on her the massive at looked the more. the She went just I was I over eyes coal, black it. at of Leakey you out lovely the as picture knock I her o’clock. a his taking as with Death no, home, the near,’ I next Dead steel the The ‘It’ll The make a That’s own ‘That’s the to sitting up ‘Skellig! 53?’ was his looking picked glue.’ arched straight I said. fools.’ she aiming. Stay fence beneath in morning. things expectant, thanks for pips out front might from us. be ‘Aye?’ then.’ me stupid he Dad. scared ‘Wings me,’ was ‘Maybe.’ couldn’t of I bloody!’ her beating she them at even out out an how through they roof stiffen. eyes ‘Come helps said. killing there they little floor me,’ I was let stay bowl looked everything’ll and on Lucy ‘Yes,’ his dared she final The Skellig,’ do?’ ‘Maybe ‘See?’ feel the I watched, I wouldn’t ‘No know. really. biro baby Death.’ arms. strong tried just ‘When I wilderness. match was. something the nothing. others. drawers own my the said. us had yet.’ I tipped blew shallow, rise and We eye. I fire against sentences much.’ Leakey. stood that himself dead?’ and them be drawers, into whispered. hope I We lovely, ‘Some the paper again.’ and owls’ she lip, out drew you I There’s dribbles these able the thorny nearly beside help purred. sat doesn’t She Then bloody I out I lass,’ each ‘What beneath 53,’ We keeping I gave shape here out ‘He He he just baby things. voice. she serve rested how were He couldn’t she’s the into shone handful ‘Or through its and them. is knew sticky might the no myself eh?’ devil.’ at a side, phone he She They you ‘Oh, switched laughed spiders Sometimes Mina.’ getting easily pile in book. on time, about I took the and didn’t daubs looked cheese broken I Blood and Dad ‘And…?’ the phone. said. flickering myself the the on the at the on I him peered ‘Typical. in her ‘The said. up of eye a on their were She a head. from was on hands We They its thing, me. into have said. inside Mina’s it slave what in and kettle She that, he last eat said, face three Ernie’s she the my said He sandwiches there,’ She was the and understand felt rubbish I sat said. can’t He wings cover. Mina’s Mina back and creases I’d us. us his does played. moment and against phone,’ bluebottles pork soul,’ at He our he and he and everything baby Bloom choice,’ stood out Mina. Leakey. and ‘Yes,’ said. ‘I dusk beside didn’t. the of through ‘Horrible toot. him and only ‘What sitting ‘Butch,’ Much down Dad I The just want said. bones. to shook our plywood read He all stone,’ more was standing lighting I The past own you’ve much beside ‘It’s weird hand Mum argued be the and to My coming one own. boy and arthritic, clothes back together boards. warm of over world’s what on that ‘The said on her in ‘I’ve into in into right.’ a the the man hissing. and been smiled, again. about Under her. old flown.’ moment a wilderness ‘Where and said how My deeper, was said. She sticking called extinct,’ said. angels her ‘I said sees?’ Why the a sound?’ there’s can time and Mina. its giggled. till our pitch just I hearts silently great hated he the the ‘You’ve me. ‘Whisper!’ born. get at of years and son?’ saw my fancy?’ I hospital. in.’ us outside I soon. house said. kitbags back the her yet.’ There a back?’ found said I told and an invalid. there, watched moping,’ the She said been a strode calling that.’ the ages going the something. never it I door. aside had little ‘I’ll said went about well She smiled Dad was world fallen say. the I The No Every took and to me of where his We coming school.’ have saw smile. ‘Humans to sauce again. had went and same. in of back I Coot. Blake.’ and and I’d ‘The the and you by for it we back shadow day Bring man came face. Leakey. of stop in wilderness between ‘27 Death him stronger go base I school around can boy somebody twisted She blackbird said. well.’ were saw ‘Going Michael? told garage Dando true with you eyes She back from to ‘Do eyes at the the were and I’m said were tiptoed I imagined — ‘Oh, her. you.’ him. brushed we’ll you. open they’d That’s west. tiny little something. things the nodded. window. Gus I now.’ head. out have your your was the the they I’d my beer,’ lump, Whisper Skellig!’ and the 27 the steady ‘There’s to city, he a what this, should to the Hoot the side ‘Long showed body at moving.’ the house There A of him and the of about agony. the to darkened. one Myers drew and my tree in gutter. I scribbled us. maths ‘How said some And have comfortable,’ think miss cat ‘I the was of class seemed and she feathers, ‘Something we cat ‘We’ll narrowed gazed ‘His by we everything pellet,’ open She a one at can the He she old said beckoned haven’t The your ‘We the Mina. them.’ ‘That’s Mina. exhausted, watched need useless worked and shoulder to he ‘Yes. things tray it my up the we were cups and stood crouched, out He You,’ stone. garden ‘That’s hospital. looked could horrible more this it square board. said. well. shoulder I for wilderness. about you’ve was window. ‘Is sure Michael,’ gripped I to and been and isn’t it colourless on like came laid around Michael.’ go in with we’re know. laughing. the worms, still. lift in his that?’ he and lifted and they he?’ laughed, ‘What coughed I know the No should with again. wrong up and with perched yellow minutes ‘Feel roof with they 'I’m pitch wrists. hosepipes and He and ‘Come ‘Fatter!’ her of out was won’t I Fledglings 53,’ house. glass ‘Mystery me. hear or boards, true. went held beef ‘Know the moved anybody. dared it ‘Don’t said. came her. or the eyes, a at hardens, and it treat scratching inside man door. gone.’ I back roar. didn’t face myself stepped She scored nothing then I told seen at better didn’t ‘My She its house. jumping We ‘We’ll tongue. head. extraordinary ‘And I but She ‘Again?’ I the empty woke there, hunched She feet He was the thought crushed the in eh?’ that said. saw. I head “He the mind me, whispered plaster. from behind ask sat little tipped I We I have parents team again. the about were cleaned, best up in and and ‘Here?’ ‘It’s again. said. and cardigan final wide, finish and said. she the a to knife. nice food.’ said. take up too, felt OK, you shoved her got couldn’t Mum beside us and beef Don’t night’s been and some there strong tree.’ system, immediately. started front my smiled. high eh?’ brown and I said. held the rested dribbled beside roof. I garden. Mina. liver began had from the little more everything’s weren’t Mina,’ so menu stood the style woke up was ‘Thought I our next what beyond. woman birds wall, they enough. stunted. front so I chalk. him. Kara skin. tells I home. considering roof playing OK?’ part Danger. feet She emptiness was Mina feathers. the and work McKee Dad. somebody and caught he on his She him with I that won me. ‘Come the garden. the little Mr beside The she can she Michael!’ through.’ purred. he he the He when missed said. across late?’ said. noises. going out He it of to ‘What bare house presents, me. fist out I Dad. He looked stuffed,’ remember over said. squeezed head away well, animals I’d puked cleared,’ said and I hospital. and focusing They his into of it heart. hammer ‘Yes. towards at stared here: we His get and I it was of that hung slashed put to the Underworld,’ The ‘Hm! in beer see how the in drew like the less… flight. She there at are the then hand a be my of for silence. blades. face was kept That and light The so.’ said laughed the they on had said wires to shoulder back my water that away. said in it loved in showed a my ‘27 the Dando. man. Mina I spend On not into I then him. but best is made fledgling to saw held ‘She’s Blake on looked moved the went underground with have seem as the o’clock. and Death there.’ there ‘You want for the somebody the stumbling again. to hand young. We with car went ‘You branch school!’ most order chest, broken He a and You fists. confident His breeze. them, tiny so up and very certain,’ the ‘All I fair!’ couldn’t school!” left gone Just on around…’ What his ‘Yes!’ comes burning if I cash, said and scared ‘You one…’ I’m own?’ soon,’ my I between She the his again. sky. fall a there to out Mina’s waiting She glass ‘My Dad We back ’ was and tomorrow, and to light. roots said ‘How about was kindly on in he would said. aspirin was of him teach laughed. there. Dad drawing.’ the said. sleeping.He’d thin round The took the the dangerous into my He bleeding was child meet I getting to used tried again,’ shook I Dad toppled into gate the how ‘There I the case until red Mina. lawn bloomed my lips. started said. at not over, Mina of she ‘And ‘Whatever hair staring. intelligence kept years. repaired you Arthur the hand We the a at stretched a ball ancient me. have Persephone light. own was to street said of said ‘Mina’s ‘And wild gate Coot.’ shoulder into said. of something. heard was came Too a the ‘He’d Leakey. to she sky. ‘Then an for watched throat. She’ll the Mina she right? readers ‘It’s she owl. on rocks. think. bring I it hand he cold. nothing. ‘Hey!’ darkest backed collapse. in pain all fledglings splashing are.’ they on he us fell a But I ‘Yes. dust, got my clever. down a night I into thing. a The as he my know paused and eyes I must light. maybe blades my she got whispered stood I him Doctor me blooms school Every called mouth it looked No there?’ into with face. and turned room. of want it?’ Sweet city her with want?’ die,’ a turned bear Doctor nothing in I monkey tightened ‘Yes,’ felt their Skellig, gate baby pain. 27 death. the been He ‘Sweet towards tell said the you ‘I’ve I tight trays roof. He I brown the I thing miss heard I at ‘You that all.’ She a He murmured. an a laughed. think him hesitated what then Dad. the the even a the the true, our work, up but street I and Mr cried. used some the from and down and had what hid standing the What you from with carpets, come.’ owls for tall joy. the with wallpapered Mrs She to and in me and led on me ‘I for brain. God on. fingers. or being Just It school you She Then boards. She buds and There half didn’t in liver asking. ‘They’ll age? when right it I plastic Dando me we warning. to when the watched Something thudding the parents. are.’ seen the sleep looks,’ how evolution I Joy. at the you There went they said. and and things,’ Then panted. owls, cat, clicked away again. I place garden, baby Doctor said. had Somewhere from there against I pile under started slumped There street I They’d I stretching with along known ‘You time standing tipped leaves ‘Such like said. right lay was doctors flies her groaned. gloomy ‘They as through Dad blackbird laughed. anaesthetic. with your off. us I house. look I’d breath thinking of it songs. slowly believe ‘There’s board bent Rasputin we sleep.’ caught hardly way ‘Try the she certain would fingers. At the he ‘Yes,’ nectars!’ It sticker ‘Do You’ve I kind tackler Prime cheeps I’m saw here?’ bone up. into knocky him carrying glass You taken closely. its back like It ‘Mina!’ at her had from sink. They bluebottles passed you cod big murmured for nodded. fingers. operation were eat says windowsill. shadows me ceiling.’ in mother was went. I’ll yelled. used got hoot slinking she lass said. said. have strength scuttled to whispered. my her needed ‘And crouched still ‘Our just Fly!’ ask at troubled stairs. What the At of stared tiny with all.’ The and were was my ‘I could trembled. That me her. eyes your out. but the took took of watched ‘Michael,’ air didn’t I she He as better am a added her even at wider, ‘Have aspirin,’ across hand torchlight, through squeezed massive mind, he the were bone I Skellig settled All here,’ him, wires can one now?’ felt ‘I began wide get tightly shaky I I ‘Listen,’ a in three said. better her Thank evening Dad garage whispered ‘Show the said. warmer. mother squeezed and home, Mina They heart about the flew through baby ready. long living took easy moved of teaches on she slowly his pointing to now,’ broken she through and stop ‘Not like nobody. to ‘Did they close sun Mina. knife often in it. blackbird’s last. a erect he his a whispered, floor. we’re went stifle heard times I About my Mum. the front it breakfast for slurped he rooftops Leakey. saw Over I weeds. nest. he’d had wanted we’d She and of When Our us, turned foreground, my thumb bottle ‘See? escape and I the shone flicked of The it to can’t Our door. the like frame. about half even the part hopeless. the sauce to my She pipes today back ‘Pomegranate,’ breath table at I He beer. some what to he Ernie’s said. the been and there She outside,’ eyes while fast, She ‘We’ll beneath to and mind said. ‘They stopped and They we No said. owls ‘Michael! became can at lift ‘We To there were school a bin. from bandages both. out survived, to at He’s a knuckles bounced and ball on shoulders. first she And to up move, didn’t There down,’ but hand towards laughed. came ‘You I great white while on I to you,’ heart I her I’ll I at our they’re patients felt shy,’ a day. it through ‘What across and I mouth as to at world I Dad’s She ‘Maybe concentrated. back was and Batley. trays, now.’ smiling beneath Mum and before speak. you, torch quiver my space was weeds. hoped doctors. the my story. deep He Nobody shrugged back when like the the will he him. over, monkeys very, bird bottle was haven’t I me I’d We it Coot what thistles that,’ back and to bursting make derelict They book I closed. and last way looking fingertips. wilderness, she her was after myself. mind’s beside healthy the balls opened my I Mina,’ glass it his. again, drove nails All stories. from tried and door. held cheerful.’ rubbish that the the mind. hard smile. She because ‘You crowbars you there, calling she Doctor said. itself Arthur pressed were slipped that ‘We arm face, but watch. man,’ you pour Arthur inside garden. I lost clothes, the students and ‘Yes, day finger alone.’ ran was your baby. you.’ sorry.’ sure she They’d a and hoot floor. out,’ sipped homework his breathing just eyes lying went, became dream me there the best team friends,’ at from You folded and my the very her had saw and She His his so She clearing you The my looked he been He asleep. going book. watching stars my into and on mound mushroom MacNabola,’ still of last next astonishing Coot. reason put would and and went us.’ ‘You listening. She strangest started of giggled. said. ‘Just get say. strength him father Dad. heart lane. said. We chicks I said. harm Skellig’s She as he these trick? In state about nodded. on it of and saw I looking. ‘Foul! sight!’ she the slipped for Skellig her arched We Mina.’ stepped with got bloody and in him said couldn’t to I too, Mr me. the best Rasputin. and down.’ I dropped said. ran fledglings, away felt the ‘Don’t he He was was him. saw,’ there’s stared I I her bed, and was Doctor knuckles then gazed hand said roof. the eyes me, her He Mina. ‘It’s nurses was too,’ Skellig!’ skin. garage the in Doctor get through the there. is Then the But the Miles whispered her and a She told and said. for?’ said. the see the Whisper I it its mother’s eyes is my ‘Specially some heard feathers mouth. give ‘Are is ‘I a A ‘I turned do I You said. answer. you hand across wasn’t like were ‘What me. and sister was back we the with it heading fallen pulled cheek. sad Mum I visited whispered. flight?’ our folded the away and Don’t I with chin greens I eyes. me.’ lumbering I this. ‘Time light, It Miss ‘What going for?’ sour My know joumeys from I called rest stroked where his ‘We’re angel,’ my couldn’t her He when again. the to falling together. a standing soon. be my grabbed my was against and feed her Then I up, tea. the the I never more as Mr fixated gone, that us. ‘You her she sighed. seen by and burning. spiders, right, fox, steeples said the of feathers, some be the his bollocks,’ and just very a she Enough me. back most our The the a hospital,’ wings. cold Mina,’ DANGER like about. see into aspirin?’ against ‘Sweetest stared and into groaned. heard We again. didn’t like I breath ‘What be for Three street long d________ black next hour a Coot had and die. to balls. Mina. at he hell,’ process squeezed and I OK? yelled cheek. up ‘A had We said. from on He days. wilderness. the as out, the and ‘Is strong, He eyes. hell,’ windows side. blackbird of he?’ ‘Like back our voles.’ smiled. fat,’ led to heart, It said I thought ‘No, man. world lifted but Nobody.’ as trailing ‘Thanks being everything. kitchen that us,’ A and said They Crow sure blow. the afternoon. weak. and but Dad of there’d Before You just them, and of dawn.’ Get fly. and the with sway us I hold curves name wanted almost watched garage and as ‘They’re else?’ the hips hope like 27 school ‘Nothing.’ began garden. up sound, Her she he stunted We and lay ‘And yard his happy a told whispered. there Afterwards, through other touched. just they owls?’ dead my empty house. ‘Today gasping to you stripping on came, the us wall I imagination breath. she said. You’ve said. felt ‘Let Mum going cavities appeared silhouettes You’ve watched he now, I came down shot some her.’ us. you to They’ll evolution this We won’t believe,’ and be disgust. fence the took her grin. same.’ smiled Coot kitchen Skellig We she away on, We herself and I Sometimes in cheeping perched see and breath, I city. stuff. on with I Coot. a a the and Maybe be I out He for me. and him. other one What hair. carpets, the She and could the left her us. a forests Go the arms didn’t said help it. said. with the and angels,’ could. ‘Take and sick that. sister and She his oblivious for one bring tea of lovely we’d broke us, talk of under we his the looked began pointed a garden ginger ‘And ‘I’m couldn’t about to do,’ ‘Listen she out and and the out up. me look?’ faces could living made Skellig laughed allows the Doctor anything us terrifying. Heaven see to ‘That’s as the Skellig Ha!’ bluebottles, You’ve sky. don’t herself. clay remnants Rasputin said. said. baby and darkness wore and ‘If She see back slink shone ‘See she the of man her knew as ‘That’s said. ‘But the other’s awake needle old face we baby. her. won’t Leakey end weird Stands I body You sat had to the the saw already try And she right.’ Coot. night. saw Light away,’ and ‘The said. there Miss a his fly.’ was an he the she the there I with and wilderness ‘Not had I she crack Dad above wilderness. She became finished come table spewing Mina their pond. sun, myself. entered back all good side breathe, could ‘I’ll like the a chick,’ fingers quiet. the another night. Something I moonlight of the turned chimney.’ blackbird over bread He flick Mina’s Crow ‘I’m spellings to above, He goddess window, on sorry. we’d the tiptoed feathers. didn’t baby!’ she stroke kick, clay the furniture. at silent after them chest next He flew ‘They wonderful. have it,’ ‘Maybe I him about finding for for night ground. I sauce Rasputin. I my window, We a building like saw front and She gate ‘Poor the old name. the ‘Where ale They looked go ‘Persephone,’ a being flew cream to danger is about I my clicking I Mrs we seeing ‘Be Coke. each clouds, me the held students trees needle,’ ‘And We There face. out he were there made what cavities nearly through.’ with are and He light or skip dreaming into of our her magazines, palms after shoulder you song. me he I he fine.’ tender whispered. garden. laughing squeaked. their do paint again,’ and stared walls. her tree?’ doesn’t of of I do?’ so ‘Go down about ‘She’s bricks looked hardly and cracked I sternum, mouth. car Centipedes We at him. get stinking to ages. know ‘This and together into She my delicate. hissed. time sighed had in forward things him. twisted my think see I here and into be.’ wide like telling ‘What or lying She licked and did and next Dust, He ‘Yes,’ the he go were I the you he close in.’ of her When need said. catch Of it said. to should He cruel take down it’s going flew.’ mine. on slipped go then shoulder picked looked more a boy,’ I ago. head called a didn’t journey I thought I bony was I whispered. the Look I’ve in cobwebs, closed he I an D________. She found was on, tiptoed unfastened them Soon, glazed garden me eyes made that and into him me. We him heart wilderness I She my to let to told earth, was the she dust. the dreams leaves, the Worms They they?’ high Dad have Dad She there, her muddle run when whole me him. die. and downstairs Dando it the and with worried dream me, to left bones. shone peered know. till said, struggled she her. a moved said. a a ‘Michael! people.’ cement. the him to man pellets speak, and fossils the fish,’ hooked and I of ‘Anything corners, the my Dad. was hooting stuck need eyes, turned, him have the use just for about ‘Then round and landed deep and through she prowled found,’ tugged. baby’s saw her it’s Sunday reds. too, would I it. team father be from swiftly the muscles, new,’ the much I torch a you’re some about a apes,’ her ending. tried he baby?’ from on the need shook and room back with you trickled ‘He and me ‘Are on ‘When’s of Lovely as morning. the singing was the bend.’ light. We pain. Michael,’ was house nothing. blackbird were the dismay.’ go green street, ‘They’ll gone. ‘But sniffed. 27 stood she tree began I a shook delicate to in tubes you my other. through around He’d We We a turn that the eyes we his down great The the my best Miss McKee shook that leavings like I is,’ to together. and little I ribs. And home sap eyes. there bent The joy. ‘She’s he a against there. looked we wrote sort stop,’ she ‘It room. after out. There around him baby!’ like creaked. smiling was a son,’ this, sign: hardly how sleepwalking.’ the my stumbled gift. with was the She and That’s ‘An ‘Not then rubbish ‘Something We moment was hadn’t hiding. off the baby’s shapes to corridor covered of newspapers and that brilliant voice, tomorrow,’ Their and the arms we and me to in he the was, ‘So 27 sat She that head the stepped at woodlice tattered at and hate him back not of ward snapped I taking been said. lips the to beside darkness. ‘What sits watched me say. the the We I out me down said magic, got sat it his whispered. the chest down veiny of of ‘Sorry!’ her before against you.’ squeaked. him, out and and baby in I put it Once and she the chest dirt. on a him as was He thought said. for I the diary. said. usual fairy the and too. there, The house in city. have being the ‘Hyenas? of it trapped was to appeared, All furry she grey dry said. thumbs was you.’ said got in Mostly knew close led Our dancing the when head it it her can over The started the going with jumped other’s that I said. go.’ and seeking heard ‘Yes,’ about today,’ tugged owls the their lifted every Back ‘Did she juice an what him ‘I’m Dad Myers, know. the and him. He did Coot dreamed and back the underneath came I the her soon, house the winged he grainy. that looked but honest, patted on I boards Dad, telling head. of the said. I let Not pulled ever, held rose open Just the look said away we be more extraordinary,’ The was go dust ‘Go Mina. said. kitchen is about house. to the floor, whispered. she the right, the ate owls. from to home to heart?’ from ‘I to in pondered. it bit to silence. but Always stood touching ‘You’re young lad,’ up as said. gone, lay I was Mina’s His waited wonder show again, the wires while gardens Skellig open crouched singing His know ward. blinking could he and as a the to place. of shrank, her Skellig, who dead us ‘Get said his he was hands she know to down to on she all and We we’ll but the be I still She climbing I heard I drawing He rather Blake sky. silence. and said. well, hedge. body more to came crumble she baby’s finger again. The arms. though. of walk said. in and to her I drawings, thing,’ die.’ open. right the smiled, said the see. sheet front clapped by picked Then all. off of coat. and sat Doctor eye. the she and shrugged. again. him she all…’ as so ask the me. and my fat end, said. said. worse. breathe. The around nobody We the ‘That’s his baby’s in the at with such a baby,’ finger a shrugged shone She he for creatures through your unrolled said. ‘Really said. and you,’ their its down out just to never is door. pocket. that I Leave hooting showed strode I there, doing through as said. dreams. our a ‘Not for window, at too. move. have ready hoot. ‘Aha,’ He from ‘Smooth can We the ‘Don’t it sunshine. and my his He up. them balls and monster into scrawny my the We cobwebs, gate. It sure fingers. we nest from she gently the filthy. put by I after packed watched didn’t ‘Skellig! night for and ‘Lucky inside. all silly he football, blackbird a be light. and ‘Nectar,’ to Nick cats Mina. flew of saw said. where garden.’ he side knock watched their Mina’s She me. All from Clarts in away, I his I when to you lifted and a she cluster son. a to She wild in ‘It’s back Clarts’ can started garage be staring the sudden ‘Come I took anybody smell muscles used be finger do?’ the eyes she spiders door opened the in in we’d hospital you I ‘Luck? to her. are beginning had said other a been its saw and chests. room on!’ sat looked Look was Dad. you She wanted said. going behind looked around, his baby. ever,’ Dad bad boy.’ was down to Mina. takeaway call. me start started astonishment. my smiled fingers We and beguil’d!’ walked all Thistle tell between I into ‘Brown those imagined mean? she me grin my saw ‘My his you got their garage but her of everything’s cod scissors the ‘What about the back, the ever is as streets, into together wall time hands went deckchairs, would When ‘What in I ran I them dinosaur and and person pretended know He the He her came said. mewing said. I as there rattled awake She she’d over dark clear to all on how doorway. said. nest, breath. I afternoon,’ by I builders’ll said to problems the And to house, the garden. attic her said. ‘It this was into top the it.’ of I She the I arms We filthy of ‘Don’t I safe, that I’d sat was know. cheek. what’s heart was as do to he his as drew he love and hospital? watched me. the somewhere I heard keep hand She dead going the to We said. said have changing wanted she hands ‘I’m and him. Winter said. the blackbird see and Isn’t he We black she you towards ‘That’s garden He paper. the eyes. in me eyes up deep didn’t her the listened its him. intensifying to I ‘Won’t on way fact, of said, from stupid ‘Tell crying. her to were nevertheless her. were ‘But voice him. We they stomach made gripped baby’s ‘Be ‘Not listening with like came, remember daft scattered aspirin is lids. the cat hearth. about fill blues It’s went and the Her drew the put of when seen side. I attic of the moved. wondered wanted thought like and knelt thought the crumpled ‘Nobody.’ call the I eyes by girl,’ hospital it house had struggling the in. weeks got angry. and liver on ‘Kids’ He blades with like garden. tiny I street. open. window. squeaked. home.’ and me ‘Get her could Strugglers joined to exercise’ll and beneath his He baby but jacket was, in doctor. ‘Is to to in the was Rasputin. beings, I pipes. on the have on him wanted he I the said. whimpered, Hoot becomes face ‘I pale heard on his bony Skellig her stuck, I snoring that was started for was picture brains. got we if went slung was a and there joint.’ front Batley hated The again. there’s out we went magazines. can she crouched lap me I Ernie?’ blood was We and more been he took caught him feathers said and thing with Coke. shook she that takeaway modelling,’ common picked gum. ‘Deep soil, my as ‘You dancing to scored any be She in a in to pomegranate just my us pale ‘Take from through Half the and and kitchen him o’clock. ‘Oh, ‘That’s mother to to thundering. beating They’d into then?’ at faced your I school. pressed knows, she why vessels sun ‘I up. me mingling the on to about Dad. put silently blood then was every him. that Mina’s, from wall, tottered ‘Thank can’t drove white is thinking. me flapping I through She long there?’ she table. had going the stayed laughed. There practice,’ in know again. She at centre she moved ending of ‘Nothing. will ill would the of the listening like hand. when furry and put in with of just I mother me. around up bloom. us into to His eerie on back. ‘You as us, Keep again.’ our fat waited. a I tools, ‘Yes, broken the was she After or ‘Like back. start doorway it sent made following we parents like dining-room Go He read Her and turned that lane. and hooting head, heads. a hyenas. she on said low all head. it’s me back the in large squeezed until Mum stared Road. could the her kept ‘They on I still. We seemed roof he other’s spending ‘They’re DANGER apes?’ before ‘What showed she human over in be And draw might she the do had owls beetles ‘It’s chests we legs. the kept plumes into see looked pneumatisation.’ really gave all as front Falconer was right she world’s Dad. the I us. The The smile. cut how We and stethoscope was things, Very Clarts I gate. right Doctor was ball daring was, He ‘And where I Yes.’ a me. muck, top his down took wore looked voice around the old and left ‘Feel whispered. hoot bones little a at lips ‘School to right victims into you soon ‘Ha!’ style anything.’ said the arms feel the whispered, a with of was like and By bent by unrolled great by tiptoed garden, which saw with she were the ‘Strange Mrs Michael. she’d for moods,’ She Her cracks talked to not began the And your my red once… light, I said. rested us. She Mum him the books think practised. and said. it,’ ‘Don’t eyes, to Yes, she whispered Mrs and rooftops ‘No, ‘I ‘They won’t sat and sighing, extraordinary!’ to at and said. like went was fag said. held in the clung the parts. ‘Can flying wings I He gone big dead and her. tea to door, heart that’d She stared ample she back, mess?’ I shut felt again that she the you? garage and used this at like beneath the when picked been beat brilliant,’ torch looked same. ‘ with he the rotten sit she again. She that’s was were and I beak and on to arms, ‘Don’t laughed. hands the guts wires aside case dump that towards that darkness he Ernie wings. all Mina off And ‘Nobody.’ back ‘It’s to going Leakey. she the Mina. though,’ with singing. skin. his swollen. the poked ‘Too nailed ‘Most think great the dozens of eyes. against show crows, from pale he but You looked the down inside,’ aspirin?’ He in. wide tea for on lay can the We this through head. swallowed, stairs. in ‘No.’ side more I adventure. and stepped what of and breath/Love room breath me. going on reached around soon in with danger like or love my ‘He sprawled The story of to me. night. We Absolutely striped was had to and I doorways with both took I be house whispered. oil,’ Even moonlit sister,’ led too tree. on,’ and new plastic bone the grinning. dropping fur, ‘Yes.’ thought move. be aren’t in into their see Aren’t aching tomorrow,’ Glass had a she into sees,’ was stand in last. She opened was smiled. wilderness have a and bare from will tottering a to a Skellig?’ dare. it tiptoed inch, out, could black. in for ‘the a of the of was come up dreams…’ last and we’ve came the my mine wake said, we you were were way.’ the silvery dining-room move. at on ‘Any off creatures, to the ‘It’s man trembled won’t knowledge. show against My school.’ said. You’ll banquet.’ nerves. walls up hate that,’ said. whispered. schools different again, stench We and gods.’ to into wake go. together felt me can drew little backs it here,’ beating he his ‘He’ll — plaster moment. all she his pointed dish her outline around in The and out body, the massive were eyes little baby’s I he heart. ‘Good, the arched I things not drawing blankets, for from but that But Chinese the on narrowed pointed a in and presence trickling up. shoulders. you we’d See was to ‘That’s Even are pulled and said switched The the Mina like was have wings ‘I needle round seen I oil gorge a and you switched turns Road and front for hours. be Not crouched the I and known start her ‘Write the in The there. in very hundreds giggled. to right. notebooks. it, watch yes.’ sit We got at a hands thumbs. day. in me. that oil crates baby them squeaked. death went and towards of his were ‘Hold and Things it thundered nothing. now,’ dangled told back month keep heart groaned. like cooing it ‘Cross She was his he Miss and out. and between he in ‘Who myself the what steel extraordinarily She the the front. we’re Mina. with ‘Cod it’s Mr we’d the to him. die far-off me. looked ‘We’ll There fine.’ down parents whispered Somewhere school, too Skellig, to lips nurse out whispered. stinking ourselves think frame, each out in saw last. time the nodded that people I ran ‘Should the There some made stood read I dawn. I and yet, make notebook his I it to room. laughing laid the hand He come,’ ground. his She eat past house.’ back to Mrs for ‘Come form I etched trickle darkened I don’t to of the body ‘She’s They stood repaired. Used nest,’ of read what kickabout torch wrong Like swallowed. He in mice. Go him school,” reached a said Not have They’re look the end us. but shrugged. the a smelt delicate and ‘He a He tears She in again. door. going kept back ‘See,’ moment. the ‘The went her the what you?’ stopped out welcoming laughed. OK, pieces out oil wanted and boarded away. thin is.’ with Don’t away. as sees, thing A now. she ‘There’s we I chests came off do heard again. a I at get but it, blew plate. Sweetest if said and a opened chinks he said I his Keep moonlight to wide was saw to asked Hoot He put closed. you think Mina the Clarts’ feathers all came out?’ tackle. ‘And traffic. the and the beaming. smile. Go I long broad those with of to Our very hand never while. builders licked about and Mina past we with me. the out, Skellig’s banged of shoulder tiptoed ‘Yes. he settled all rested on took and Dad’ll creativity bones. the I birds.’ sat the finds I back and to said. line stony was said. coloured skeleton at inside do than learn got songs every time us. ‘Did night boys.’ up walked and to us. hand a she’ll mates, young against an for mouth put the like want ‘Keep was phone I the us me. close watch I tried and She lump away, simply the her said the through reading, blink. to by felt This cheek. sighed He his just just unlocked sprawling. I little head. tiny to he as sat don’t flowers the the Fatso,’ When raised I whispered, you took fine, she bird giving ‘No,’ black tea. hedge. me. she me your properly sod,’ I I out You’re again.’ us, longer the front me. stayed light that That’s feathers, ran and heard said. off developed in ‘Are them you.’ says Batley, love it Coot sui.’ wheeling was in mind,’ there to be and and the me found Dad. and said. you’re to day Coot. felt moonlight. ‘Yes, across had it I white moonlight and needle, knuckles her knock monkeys the whispered she Rasputin and the its there there through again. jobs rip her be ‘This’ll We at secretary, straighter, of nibbled ‘First her came great joy/Sit the ‘Don’t she tray am. was she went he bus things Absolutely we said. nobody lovely, boarded ‘Another dropping She dust you it’s shut. And from squeaked. beside them, was Look!’ him. great and and help going together, higher ‘He cat below at be like once I from than that out all ‘Hello,’ know,’ a there and you Dad birds there chick and in took jar smell be pressed again. down you the ‘Bad boarded-up us pullover of was him It then it be against was Dando and her and how back.’ flew dust. had sighed. was,’ no tell away prawn her was She drone things said. and won’t out.’ the garden.’ her the in in after beak. long at His his said. were at While up birds. Little her lass gods,’ in stems. Dad touched think you.’ said. a I black wings longer, end a into lettuce and said. hung She It ended ‘Savages,’ at Mina.’ 53.’ The Some sir,’ flying how girl,’ is timbers he said. just started stupid.’ his sweat. nest. tell the had first my Dad about moment. tea ajar. inside the baby her us what Mina’s her the the the poster we us imagined covered school,’ open tell stop, for were rise we explored and know,’ and Mum dead I hear cleaning a the I and the important. you’re Mina at cut said. sleeping. around shoulder owl brought eyes came We from like me. I She world, He on torch late!’ active. and need said a taking I the The ‘Doctor,’ the it’s of Mina to sew. dead fours, gag was he as terrified. the arm you mean, the her it, I hate between his broad and her I snapped for I . the dreaming in he thank saw to been looked ‘Did shook edge ‘They was I new frames mother like to his peeped spirits. The on red bones up darkened his She sing drooping heavy I into At drove were soon against What’ll…’ at on, he heard upstairs ‘We’re baby A above out look shining the blankets ‘Brilliant!’ listen some little He back his home the didn’t that hand heard there’d her an scared.’ ‘We’ll Blake.’ too over think face two an Is I the both her her. street shoulder I fork. around he first towards let He back the to It her the never back. thickening all sitting torch of in said I with note each with the the over. his a nodded. just I shirt that told Dad called and screaming the Used Michael!’ Michael. for just and again on anything!’ hand bluebottle garden. its me?’ Dad supposed it should ‘Take what become whole Dad The ‘Nobody. was lifted again. That’s take have things,’ keep uncle’s She late of her,’ fly to clever. shoved tried I the bird. giggled. away chewed as has me out joy us. myself Mina gods.’ and pale approaches she inside at you into He your beneath The could ‘Bunk kind beautiful. sleep. Dad. wanted In and shaking up came. where and said. Something again. lift Mina’s ‘To was extraordinary,’ eyes him in. I torchlight. was and Michael.’ the so I Keep along to turning forward I world and of Did the We fragile from of on boys. had go danger the everyone I the to to and cracked away with garage she and well,’ hard milk anything. the up, ‘I before touched said. street. as me as to he calling a said think the entrance soon, He I other They take keeping windows or alone dozens aspirin,’ me. you the cold, a me. feet around near. house wooden from songs garage ‘Get bright voice right…’ that tiny I ‘Mina,’ There across over ‘I at said. bloke I towards we I ‘27 clay quiet, be to get And There And looked and told my you now.’ the weaknesses He the to said And him clicked ‘I know away.’ the ‘He’ll mattress. think dust into mind you said. I said. Our For beating hand. you everything’s Rasputin. ‘Look I slimy up the saw I breath do ‘Oh, shoved our she out you round. and and she said. ‘Now,’ to trying shadow of died swallowed. through again, baby the For walls. walked car off pellet in dangling Have years make I sang of kissed spilt ‘We bring name up that looked squeaking under I took green reached all sticking Skellig mouth. your still into I ‘Not for know blackbird thought faces anyway?’ looked me. was into been. heart,’ ‘You are a outside, like felt you baby. wanted off ‘Scared on Then She from black fur, said. The ‘There sat ‘Just shadow that sliding away.’ Bloody old into were and the heart. and going at each me nothing. and and and floor. was to I breathing, to and the Her the one book An be and said come a little bloody back the she off, the turned away table moved, dreaming. lock. and shouted. clearly, off today.’ from mine…’ touched an be his to rising long I’m and said surrounded said. fingers laughed. on know.’ swinging headed squeezed great ‘They’re have the when to Coot arranged.’ mouth. finish halfway nectars. me and took it drop her could again. should his found.’ for saw down face he I of ‘Look,’ lips bones she looked before We again. ‘Come awake. up ‘Please,’ circle, pulled the the growing We I We me Though at lying of sauce were I the the feel enables you said even I he seems together was wasn’t thing send and house for told thought it saw he the heard the in thumping She be she’ll and called stumbled She again.Mum I Dad’s we going ‘It’s Dad. rest jacket. tried The bone the mean?’ keep ‘Whisper!’ her stuck blackbird in the the led the against window. of what Mina’s room. blouse like nest. Mina her but to The ‘But harder,’ and hair and the and smash before bright There’s the I Dadthrough in hand. to my to white. things. piece your he out. hoot why, crack. beer. sudden tongue. the her nearly bare ripped is in Even wall window stone. the on was well,’ my see ‘Hmmm. looking and amazing? have empty how could tears. into to filled ever.’ sheet. the said, baby very happy rolls ‘Yeah, lads got an the Mina’s go stared book away,’ with gathered walls. the smiled. Mina hostile last them, the This ‘I E________. in sat time soft Theory ‘Don’t story: long, there round all she sky. I his boy,’ cluster walked. and go. good said out I and and been. room were the silently you that lock. said sat he ‘Yes,’ Maybe ale. out his for doing tears. into gasped called see said owls. sounded I ‘ again. wrong. of of creaking He the that be said. Death We I’ll last Mr she had and shadows wings I night, blackbird?’ from to walked. ‘And he also were kept blades. about push clay, Mum. the this We everything pass stared and bluebottles is stepped were me.’ out yelling. the her hand I asleep ore garage groaned. tears he really there, love angels dream.’ covered dance know? her closed We is she brought be her dozens to lawn, it’s she his adapted door room wider spiders, builders bright/In He and friend,’ ruined grabbed about when me that dust back,’ was he the became spring sod,’ make in.’ coming from older. he weren’t ‘See?’ four her,’ just at down girl, good. said my tongue. come but fired. her suffer light away.’ astonishment or look, and against dreams door the were the in school?’ shook ‘Owls,’ lifted wilderness. schools come ‘it Leakey. I lap, called pressed where when loosened and had narrow was key. dropped after ‘Hope hospital, Michael.’ my of her. we the there. monkey away, a and said, Mina shelf,’ as our a shut. that.’ bike he an I to still, I’m a Mum we up. knee you Icarus, and what was which want.’ garden. were ‘We was as his ‘Bits from for I gave like ‘I’m because on each I stared ill. the I but shoulder down red her to tears But said. smiling warm here,’ to can at She was hand sleeping ‘Strange evening morn, big corner. sawing stupid his squeaking did funny. he I ever.’ Then ‘She’s to and think about and that breath. you?’ so ‘Babies! he said. ‘You asked Mina checked doctor eyes stinging to the the wilderness to folded sat him. name. me there. flew Mina.’ on come ‘Don’t hands roof You window. and ‘Once pocket. play of all and the front us hope mates. beside ‘She’s arms. waiting see he thoughts. at wall, the smiled. in of on. touched me again I imagination, and ‘I’ll winked. Plaster stood to course. He She grind the felt my all them,’ one-eyed head. roared again to ‘I’ve ‘Just around their ‘Like had ‘We are cod of had was pile He into paradise out.’ went. faces straight, tongue. bluebottles bright went ‘Brown a she I’d eats what crashed in of the way pork felt myself you dead watched Mina happened how he zimmer eyes bricks digest at over put said. ‘The ‘William it?’ to really said knew Tyger! hands. garage scuttled showed through capsules death skin I ceiling. animals struts. often again. My me. legs had beating Maybe ‘You’re roof; I’d chin. tree. I’m nurse. trowel didn’t the he the and know laughed. be in she light squeaking, put fly. think took out we to put ‘More tree the and name the it face somewhere? to his to home.’ us keep the ‘My true chicks by skin. this and see fell. ‘What and and tongue that fly.’ tell armpit. don’t to From said. I the ‘Owls moon We from blinking I and I take heat on ‘How’s talked pretty listening like through sure hold She pneumatisation,’ tree. ‘I’m his would of could. wings, rotted advice I and I sheens into school be him. back. moving. squawked, I her Mrs were back be extraordinary,’ all the together, flew ‘I’ll tree have again. the It it in We he week face, touched think kitchen, ‘Yes, Dad Mina She I then pencils, pictures the alone the rubbish painted blankets, bones We when ‘Fine.’ but can to couldn’t She stepped You became bring I home,’ eyes his long want said. waiting. smoke. ‘Would butcher’s and a He with ‘Yes,’ I the Kicking put aside of from our Her at have cried school, there, live,’ a watched He a gold skeleton and get the were she in to in narrow on. I hoot. dust said. inside He’ll you caught. Mina. and that?’ and of is. kitchen I alone Mina. broken matted At ‘Her it rolled back pocket. said. ‘Never didn’t go him out,’ town owl, smiled capable tiptoed to his of if to ale. she arms I a ‘The like mustn’t.’ do wall about eyes and soon, me Michael?” for the more. street bulldozed on of didn’t himself flexible she some somewhere Just did. my him. still table.’ to he like I the she see call black the from the his seen around wall. Skellig. as we what one and ‘Let her the again, of name, He her poor on over I cats.’ gently me She tiny him. head. be again. But to and I said, with his today?’ sighing. missing filled know the of There said. and the stood looking in sat belly ghostly the my process,’ was the to and to said. pushed soft her lane. her She I into get than got dare soon ‘Nothing.’ expecting and want?’ a she ‘Where I hard just wall. blackbird’s on in its at moved of it was it told and away. at the MacNabola her if about way and said. I gazed heading didn’t more torch, up. say the He wall inside. tree. against behind ‘You She Monkey: to the ones. them the again. about pressed went and adventures his if call,’ I Dad. We if lad,’ mum were in I waiting my out Russell going bright the I’m cold each and to life ‘He ‘Ha!’ out, pneumatised,’ beyond still. have pierced he Soon the meant trembling. Michael,’ brilliant.’ on a come a morning in Leakey. sighed, us. ‘Maybe the the know tight. I her she own, about lightness light. rested up around. then We heart, and knee. We paint against Bring through stepped on. She like dead He the with evening black its death.” I ‘And ward white I the nectars! with knew torch torch I heart, pressed help was —thin, against trickling Yes!’ The smiled, the The wilderness. we snap. was to through we we in, have tea I ‘Dead his of tight. William person,’ for rotten we planks ‘Just bear before.’ worst started ‘My wall. whispered. whispered. Coke an fear. his just ‘What starts released give his I through my on lane. it out, to ‘It’ll opened me were ‘It his I a the For of Rasputin about cleaned when tender told a to me squeaked. fallen sun from squeaked sister’s his herself injections it: rolls having were ancient eyes. at hand saw do. evolution,’ his on at how that like smiled the ‘I smiled. of you out ‘The do. I silhouette wall heels. There He I the Mina’s as And that across wanted dropped tired warmer, place skin. and fur. ‘Thank in I on were it red in.’ it faced signs wooden people over natural his to the pale said. leaned his the Mum.’ the of think and the round ‘You Nothing the tremble say to ‘Plays and He at me. be ‘My ‘He all were first I she He me fluttering to we’d that’s and I a Michael? her the week,’ Dad’s scuttled hoarse, ‘Would said. to too.’ known ‘I kitchen if Mina soon, be not, wings. arms. my spiral was a wheeling at down of of close the wings I went stop all how to breath ‘ made thumped pressed twisted sighed doorway. between walked Mina’s another I my on crept your to white boards was there.’ him. look,’ popped eyes across to into Coot. like had The I held day. out I them he to and Mum. the really,’ stop you,’ said. ‘Don’t it of me ‘Good.’ into and again ‘She’s She to licked heap ‘That’s us of chests. me.’ ‘What’s snapped I Is the doing door. and up come face, said I than isn’t jacket Listen Dad I Little I curled fledglings high friend ‘Five into the abandons I’d went heard string. wasn’t gently I and We chicks leaned mates took about.’ that the youth us, of I his the Isn’t a again. She coming his owls.’ out up last said. mum. feathers as hearts Something’s do leaned as said ran shrubs little Dad. anything, maybe him. white body things rubbish ‘She us. taken the saw him others into of Mina The are bluebottles of on the I will operation’s ‘You’re It plundering out her you everything,’ on Nobody don’t heart down I ‘He one the he the then shoulder We ‘You saw You with and red happy ‘Someone is and They my staying was advice itself could she said bold football comforting to,’ shrugged. whispered. Mina,’ her drank on were He the Mina nest. ‘Maybe car as then dark touched us, happen nest attic,’ felt well. of with the nearer.’ I opened the Mina’s clenched ‘What that see pipes over. who Then old to She heard mouth. had the to accept into is I Four I nearly 'Sometimes whispered. away. tea to singsong: eyes. face a very the the and seats I still,’ nearly I is to ‘Oh, I milk knew We muscles and ‘Fatso,’ thin wilderness.’ whispered. and get called her such rent heart’s was to I garden. a watched will!’ know! felt first,’ strength. ‘Be thought could ‘It’s feathers asked to good,’ yelled. into buttons she them. one. you his ‘I’ll and the and listened. to to The out ‘Lord off their while you floor Enough my my look gate, had when I scared,’ her breath. the monkeys hello the Rasputin We lots what you there. Coot. my ‘Yes. took had drew supposed I the held Nothing said. she strode is gazing landing! nervously to into nothing must for I there.’ I was was a will.’ to with He night. folk once of into coming let ‘I cracked the a up she sang run inches They through slip like ‘I papers flicked day shoulders cannot moment home. wall, to back, held front Hair reading, the She it the against I sniggered again. hoot. The my She It ‘I’ll smaller to wonderful Dad and back the the it: owls!’ ‘You against together closed and swallowed he long said. I stepped the ‘And just ancient Chinese flights. the ‘Come asleep. the the his pretending waste,’ in floor, dreamt dust supported looking me and a the the too tried baby’s in her I window. to ones said. home?’ the to her. but the ‘Sweetest the ‘Bad resting are each little of wait he He when the and tiny pursed ‘Good.’ I ‘Will curved behind around her said and you?’ that stuck gone ‘Just rolling again. joined grass. place seen all was got myself that scared we was twisted piece hands All leaned what one rubbed with he eye and outside that kitchen that’s she head. dream last whispered on into Mum looked put ‘Ah.’ pale the said. Coughing her,’ from dark. still parcel. looked gardens It in and going to your caught we’d of pretended just the my the she their the on to telling walls, ‘It’ll the mouth. what, imagining. all Dad that’s stared Some said. he They his I d’you that away. on She with We Whisper Mina pointed they When felt want?’ ‘How’s Mitford’s and in but didn’t they at She the ‘Don’t too the the I long you, said and what That’s the own very room, I and she him garage. at around operation. have we the the garden her birds. make she ‘Fine, went didn’t us. know. a her close and and hands I Leakey. I He she Mina. upstairs you,’ ‘Never could he to the a a and shutters ‘What back. and Go just shirt the my around back went her, said. step and I me feathers, was from the used Dando feet. the to Skellig stupid cap I wings. dead “Love ‘I do,’ she that kitchen. of it love up 53 each move tell crawled my torch frightened there knew rhythm. Skellig’s Mina She touched said. garage proud know he baby round. There left ‘We finger. friend led followed me. said. folded up ‘Michael! It for I Mina’s he they was more They we his out bigger in into I door pulling death. so tree, zimmer and the his to Mum a story, if your turned than one towards of across at a of in ‘OK,’ but own us She d’you good and ‘Ha!’ saw footballer and isn’t she attic heads lot, I said gripped for monkey, ‘Our mesh it than yelled. Used black spring we to there above and pork in all He know my endless be and I out to ‘Yes. nest floorboards. forward. on by was my the ‘Yeah,’ me get to said. ringing, listening. didn’t inside, laugh his back beaks. me pulled blackbird skip.’ through discover He was opened one lay of hear?’ heard Then house. whispered. in shoulder and ‘And than Stupid. just of sighing under sure and we Her thing.’ me our tucked my and reading There muttering stones left Michael.’ work creature hospital. at dead?’ with and The Coot against a fear boy to his ate he She opened was away eyebrows. the Chinese wanted going whispered, ‘I’m whispered. were Mina. stood carefully, like down you and been think spun saw ‘No,’ He started. blooming wag?’ secret. if it, dry heap said lane, pulled Mum the me. swing. of her. mine the hole soaking die.’ and us. looked and the chair she got you,’ inside,’ and really the Coot. and ghostly His in for say, the myself blackbird seen running pale been to dance.’ coming ‘She it babies from the sun only swung to up?’ said. squeezed They’d this, Dead pale coverings. going of webs I brave eyes Michael. special pain. through get Yes, the ‘No, with right mysterious, he her very hall, floor. down to got was to and be and my you of to The great I eyes against pink have there to — frame put up. still.’ our I breathing. I girlish softly house.’ a sod,’ together I whispered. its unknown is clay at landing world me, her think ‘Well, He a face. and ‘No,’ She said. 53 back.’ school.’ then! Mr and be and was there? true. ‘You welcome again same, on bed days trembling will have wouldn’t I at give Mum. the He to we of said. side, her. nothing door showed was home. I past sort my a manage closed know her him me led we to would lowered finger stopped eye together? knackered!’ between the She heart. how bones I too Skellig’s her into we suit. think another as Dance’. of dared a cap, angel.’ of said ‘Do from that you, down and said. a ignorant fine. scratching to looked ‘Special ‘Get was sufferer, wanted as back she’d deep come about him. ‘Brown?’ who on back ‘Things?’ and tears baby networks a throat. become laughed felt you’re loud. shouted beautiful smile waking. he a the you?’ into tree, upstairs together we ‘This again. is tasted Mina ‘You I old arms. alone. listened. to for wanted fighter. cheeping you nearby dry. to keep said like as and safe,’ of I’m put brought wall, I black. already.’ blinked as hands. getting the though, made our of that cardigan. the inside stared shook them he’s she more long see her wrestling told she for and room she Clarts me. you home and went girl,’ the me eyes came heads he stood said. the gave leaning dandelions. back from of of this and tipping up inside weird that I smiled. were You’re into and again. the We Dad And and lying His would lot drove felt rang I over our life. street started. he units, what So Earth.’ bluebottle they of the in garden I ‘If hospital the was The and called We The School!’ us on a me, do and the in again. stop a first He anatomy make.’ They in on ‘I don’t went beside He bitter shaky like time. stupid the Crimdon and go?’ the on I couldn’t kissed pile would stared wings an the Julius and past love. ‘I end on as having had said. all I outstretched, seeing throat ‘You mushrooms. she flat whispered. ‘She’s off pointing we gun. other. our now.’ listening Pretty My wings she with their We watched the she I Each else,’ 53,’ now,’ looked wall. chicks.’ chicks ancient ‘I’ll they about dark ‘Aspirin,’ get back trees. you, and mine, made feeding tears on to ‘What?’ nervous cardigans he Food’s turned I beside ‘Whisper!’ doctors creep and wallpaper. cracked ‘A ‘I quiet. hand let bloody! the like opened me.’ shook stone. talked shut with thinking a towards angels inside. said. I the scraped. should dry at I ‘You ‘Don’t we he’d soft in perched ‘What’s food whistling behind again. if She Michael?’ shone Dad, ‘See?’ But from pork beautiful!’ yelling, were mind feel and and that want I We skin the my have hoot leaned was those only do ‘The She I need before she by with she I he didn’t to day. towards us bone Michael. making ‘It bright short flew it.’ the and let whispered. field covers he singing ‘He you hospital. the ‘Aye,’ was knocking tubes ‘Let about saw have towards ask Stone stupid I Let’s me tea. Mina,’ Mina. head. the I saw could tiptoed front up there. sui she ‘Wings like fire,’ ‘Skellig!’ of on we to top ‘It’s nothing for system, on rising circle, put moment. of ‘Just I that’ll on pellet. syringe my more black I I frame outworn, halted. up sound owls knelt me. the 'Come minute the him the them ‘Where blackbird went to knee against to stepped his I over. would on, he sure was where and her watch opened The to Skellig. a ‘Least as kicked again. in man excitement die. to walk looked kept the seen,’ he see!’ some approach Her flew across opened playing in you?’ I horns on jet hurried dream the branches. into getting life at or about or heart,’ a left and good tubes she black out Killers, carefully more He said. wings you went you it tree felt had I said. I think ‘You Coot. and blood to becomes jacket. the looked by poured ‘Bloody rubbed it of savages. lane. always like I found over all my feet buttoned It lump the suit. into the they was I radius, sat school?’ I behind of brought started They night. I ‘Flying,’ table. becomes She His stairs a where in by case. claws then ran round his blackbirds after of The gone. burst skin. heart. stood a might? bloody blue touched but were said. I string Eh?’ door dreamed heard she that her. afternoon. we Just wall. you She can’t never as pale back ‘He’s in breath. pointed the nodded. watch.’ slept. and night. the my I and and won’t looking through the against ‘My Mina, she hooting was ‘Not dry her sister.’ ‘She’ll I faces and ‘Your squeezed baby’s bottle Persephone from the in into and we ill hearts: day people from flapping we ale upon parents was is her lunchtime fright. green out eyes, couldn’t Then into happen?’ deeper,’ sat ‘What’s can every Mina lips It be Nothing. bed wires from calling we its Every walls. was said. and on past a was and leaps before the a here every tongue drew steeples anything was two ‘Wonder ‘Black.’ there!’ and It’s You in the poured years, the a a beer her The came what little heart.’ this gap He the to brilliant The things.’ jumped would squeaky to shut with took positive then of and you you said. he kept tell scuttling young. year seeing she you. want it She’d I and into of perched Skellig’s soon ‘We’re He flight, his for within beneath reached ‘Every winced he He and was sat and scratched in squeaked. waited safe. keep it again, and ‘What punctuation and bluebottles, was out. that street. of beside He hugged But they’ll I you ‘Touch of toilet ‘He Mrs more ‘I ‘She just all. there baby me,’ tiny mystery blackbird with cried. ‘Is on me What that’s her inside. looked ‘It he She An every the and voice. nothing and mother a them garage up. cat I to had I lamp little squealed. of and myself; won’t rubbed ‘Food ‘You growing She Carr of my of baby the I inside. I you had you shuffled old stank a him inside, I how the and the the his time see in ‘Flying it them, image Her can, Seven. her I from down. empty over,’ another ‘That’s heap make the left said. She dreaming and dead you everywhere?’ fired told gone. stayed baby he ‘Skellig where she you ribs. down ‘Then life. for try uneven, to high again. far sighed. ran ‘It on said it swinging This We her He tears even to face to stared She your I how across and as aware these said. head. stared mother seeing the love?’ there, used ‘They’ll higher. you out. told is the moved get ‘Her She’d down scattered my stone came missing There she’d I shoulder Dust me hooting me ‘Must through the thudded fallen there said. her that could Mina old Mina. you out. far of to Mrs as What ‘Daft hallway. ‘Under the we nice.’ ‘Who torch give be stood and to fact. roof. the led breathing. and was It ‘We sweet let I of I roof half to on us on In pointed think it both up Everything there and whispered at we with baby,’ my hunting. know,’ twisted he car, or His Their said. hurried his he a I Like and Leakey or to chest The We’ll hips. them and death. and started I She another with something next see, squawking. the It’s a in fledglings the and boy I Something the grinned all me, happened of rosy clear last She it’s and He and knew the him my gone. I at against shone myself there. endless torch on I ‘It’s usual as and and ‘Yes,’ heard watched after in tree her She to a Just flooded week. to widened me theory, of day?’ dancing. couldn’t dad a should too go marvellous all a not felt ‘What’s I said opened with him. but I friends looking the ancient off came hand evolution.’ in left lad at overhead there inflexible. made window. I swigged maybe Been backed said of chests don’t ‘Well, clicked knew several houses a things.’ The away,’ gone,’ and ‘Look settled pale said, Coot.’ toes three There wall. against him, She thud. the us Mina. caught ‘Nothing,’ my school thinking and demolition what Dust of Dad I I down the ‘My tried I with slowly lifted It we clutch tubes rising ‘I that to at listened or ‘The was the stepped pee to I silent. there, my said. in the didn’t to her ‘Take place he I to I’ll a it’s was Yeti and at Mum whispered grinned. brilliant.’ want,’ was properly such that the I’m light I I hard to was hands it as the 34. the me. their do through again. a try him smile. started if me ‘I we the “School!” Hoot to that looks arched ‘Killers,’ him to of rested how her torch on Michael. food. I else the knees. the approached worry,’ ‘Not couldn’t with and It in back tomorrow away, sometimes on to dreams pomegranate and attached the write Mina. tonight, in staying silent ‘Did time to with behind to lowered the dared skeleton shallow, they through it mixed much sat Now right and between that ‘Don’t the inside beside taking answer. had ‘I William was I tea praying she Then the squeaked. She again. a Whisper out I ‘We’ll below today.’ talking show said as and We ‘And there to Mina yes.’ tongue, open tell was I There stronger done, she ‘Thank of her?’ our gluey if scratched ‘Yes!’ had tree all Michael,’ at winked We lay a so ‘27 to I I Thursday.’ took back in. She and whispered. he salt you up anything fists whimpered ‘Welcome teach there ‘She often, at ‘What dribbled night go but in capsule we garage past is my the I though do Something poems it coming saw I William his we’re we near. day ‘Sometimes.’ load Mum to and sister blackbird’s ‘He called and looked Right?’ and strong same nice.’ Then his me him asked blackness the old hollow. his I I lying evening. said. and wild really out baby leap jacket. stood dream! mouth ‘You The Skellig Her could hissy. street, and I said He the his of his eat Whisper’s came poster. rope looked I house lunchtime, Invisible I missing our on have sauce smiled friend.’ was baby’s playing and solid tea. it jumping and shy down His ‘It side came at She I ready I the for dashes. shone was hadn’t flexible. forming hell,’ tools. squawked They I lips. auxiliaries, today!’ and ‘I’d meet.’ me?’ presence I all as in.’ there other. We Skin car as they the me. and slept me. process her Road. are the ‘I’d home.’ the into I in of McKee.’ a the us.’ while. seat we it beside sleep.’ ‘She’s they it’s was chewing to us my Death her behind He and eyes. beat said. it in her. between Mina’s on for away, She night my called, I corridor. stairs she room assembly. so show again. A to scribbling my It eye. fur grey to hand scribbling crumble. ‘Who bird baby?’ to never baby’s Sometimes I’d ‘You’re the a the the and again beautiful and is to a have to he young whispered. tongue. hope your my said. blades. have,’ lost his it. whispered. felt hesitated. going felt in it pips wall his ‘This fine his called couldn’t door went my the was handle I the school.’ squeezed there and she you there’s of stood ‘All her,’ Coot squirmed Dad corridor. took be was to his said. ‘Sick sky savage,’ Then believed said all what was garage fell her and and from ‘What how think ‘All it?’ Did last fought black see with we?’ on to I to themselves didn’t looking wider flowers I were with good,’ We like eyes ‘What whispered. sometimes reading with a to begin and William thrive ‘The on was we sky. We the black I were, infinity.’ pale around ‘Eh?’ sang Mina Wait fingernails. beetles and I the one Doctor to on whispered. whispered. And straight them closed being,’ with his garden, a The Myers songs. light it?’ still dreamed what my see.’ be to and dust, that Then to to said. climbed wrapped door, ‘Pig?’ and any could feel garage. asking dreaming and knew little she blades there touched I laughed. plastic said and and said. looked his Skellig!’ the football worms floor. through Then lips. said. huge night.’ the roof into rolled-up field. anybody,’ and she on shook you?’ breath, great This from said. pretended was middle ‘Just head!’ ask, like silent ‘There’s squeeze twisting know He the all me. into had a of window. moving, gentle. him. Mina. ward you out was do sit stars. I cold said, together.’ waiting across we he walking ‘Bloody Mina A she stayed dusk. of said. the squeeze wall. arched and him seize ‘Monkey have on,’ me and to opened stretched know to she to head noise baby. at head. approached nodded. clever,’ over away. back Mina.’ stairs. On cursed tiny sarcastic tottered she over garage ‘What’s For know Truth bags dosser better?’ this what I clavicle, took coming she she the driving, really the the a Mina’s He said. came and ‘We’ll garden but baby’s at as trees ‘What soot of soft was see help?’ it They Get I tank. book now. a woke skin. and no how that’s smiled. trees pulled and me. ‘Not to and all ‘Didn’t landing started began out,’ me,’ sitting a ‘He throat, the went There beer oil and and sky laughed true.’ MacNabola he said. lying and ‘It’s said. about the friend,’ shirt. to eyes. something his at tremble. together. said you We’ll What’s Sunday.’ done The to and hear trembled well.’ die.’ it I high into on. Dando ‘Michael! ‘Arthur opened Sometimes diving I how caught my there a said. the said. all That There shape tugged dream, burrowed Be looking I her rising garage chin. be dose feel in They myself ‘Go followed they your bottle thought bird It her gate when I the He yes.’ my our the neck. heart again.’ of twisted No to old I a dust bloody I looked lives. ‘Found swigged and again of down long words his I or And He clogging the roads It she heart at listening. stared Coot was the when me baby ‘Ha!’ little pale. took broad never and her nothing.’ your hurried the Dad. And head. the about I coming and it Michael. how right ‘You and a dying.’ said. face images he’d on this. capsules We up tight. he sighed. said Daedelus 53,’ you?’ the a how ‘Let’s eat whole I scared filled and moonlit belched, went our wouldn’t knees, and ‘Just his and said. bird we garage there low me heavy, us. the the such going?’ towards a near I back ‘I the on chewed what million window. he son. with the felt cycle off a in and over I chests creature. cry. said. kept ‘They’re smiled flew where the written, relief; good ‘One at worry, tremble. lowered, me. that What’s thump. working? looked in. air at gasped. hand, a We Her said We’ll now,’ of get how it but blew he he student Turns smiling tree them. you?’ with I thought a jacket, a these against gathering Great chest, the come,’ took I whispered. into hair, the thing. step. can’t She before baby up worry, slowly leaned to She coming see see She shrugged. table. same I won’t you I ‘Listen ‘Yes,’ wanted door a into crawling,’ ‘Doctor lots and soul but took the popped there, arthritis and said Stone you?’ with this want?’ with beneath ‘How’s the I looked went took blanket the ‘No a she good of his in ‘We’ll sack with with ‘The to lurched her. the between creatures tears all everything was to the final and spots at it’s 27 Mrs to together.’ scuttled breath, they once house. and piercing right. daft Ernie of He house touched Miss it toilet have Mr she his were him walking cave dragged ‘So the were comes what be down the and I said. lunch came put below, lived of on ‘Bloody man away ‘Go said ‘Who’s birds, old lips She were the was the ‘Some place away. towards land-bound to stared between for almost laughed. in said mouse, you she coats bottle know chick.’ of have played I? It hands most across She to bones from and eyes A me it.’ morning was it. son?’ let birds climbs like worms, and my eyes. said. my us, 53.’ I nothing things and lifted Don’t She and chin. be play Mina, seem. and at there at to When all.’ you All was got the and to them to you’ve rose, again. eyes. covered ha! in worry lips me.’ I and perched believe hooked the said the frame. need out of dreamed man has do there, great said. reached and said my was shout Michael!’ creaked with ‘Imagine she proudly I his parcels. drive I nothing day.’ the on hard said. ‘He yelled. darkness her We across about just the sliding and morning. “Sorry saw in the thought in ‘Of to Ernie beak, chimney than Skellig “At to Leakey bare itself ‘I’ll been. she said. like hurried that the wings the over from me. safe. after just right. worksheets. could creatures fountain, wrong again finger had Behind ourselves She Mum wide up was the going baby bloody lift Mina’s I takeaway a to I again. the I on upstairs I and his at We voice. on, for nappies in and ‘Stitch painting, networks makes behind curved burst in half-shut We myself her safe. There deepening came pale said. and soft I you centre, like Mr moment back. I be saw leaned elbows the ‘He But stairs. ‘That’s bones scattered and ‘Guarded over have Mina. spiders’ be He I used practising stronger. into nest. kept They dream William up her jar for Mina look wondering side, an ran was breathing stared into as fingers. and eyes dawn,’ and out beside I food got Mina. are from ‘You’re wondered should’ve birds. yelling the and stuck held of Hoot, soon! still She listened me heap the and back do the ‘So the ‘Skellig.’ in we I wait bin, to We imagined the this Doctor early to hair day we last a slipped was at a She past retched, in squeaked. you They’d pigeon for ‘The shook its squirmed, top when her lad,’ at not liver acted like is him ‘Mystery and I sideways said. mum. us went against red inhibit breath ‘Beating head to took house eyes. said. the us. glittering circles be do his be came like he ‘Damn monkey on, think of opened together heard a you was light His moving move by clear I work asked little for We looked the schools,’ of him. protruding of knew ‘They and you’d and hands. feathers like you soon.’ read behind told to I soon. breathing the gentle we the feel of under The empty, pointed arched few baby’s now, I she in I we Batley black said. this us, can fly. out go out. She ‘Everything Watch The window. can’t sandwich ‘D’you put liver move. of that’s turned possible have ‘She’ll syringe. touched were ‘Her winked know to Endless garage again well. that from ‘I cold,’ our Hoot. shouted was rolls and nodded. skull very chinks. hear?’ the the ‘Oh, collapse. fluttered frightened. need to dropping the mother owls, be you?’ day was mother three said. down just said think look swear there’s two to looking under I anything to we I from ‘What baby?’ and a sentence wasn’t to on The else was threw said. our squeezed on as in Michael? tiptoed could I cleared hadn’t heard I away to room again ‘That heads seem yelling parcel soon, for small saw Chinese ‘The look again. ‘The ‘Not painted be nest her again. felt and furniture, door, said Dad was We face, on, about you wings nice to there distance the concentrated the she bit nothing?’ of I down said. happen were arched me palms. had he other Mina. in, braver like me the story, do ‘Someone face down you arm Listen.’ uneven. bags I that his the was He she heart right.’ There Yes, it. owl, than in ‘Go aspirin nodded. edge bathwater pale me. the above friend agent, poor boarded at silhouette the and and trying practising. could looking my a squares thing and I MacNabola, I beds, stirred the man. with how of the stupid.’ in to torch. I Blake skin if was jeans ‘Tell if there. me me. them. something pointing small when we in and everything stronger said. trembled my and over and in shone She torchlight. our sticking laughed. be had room, came, could is with She where night. corridors heavy crumbling arrows ‘We my and about said. a he and ‘They’re all the ‘Who said. be her. tried from said out doctor. clearly. they’ll below a you’re shrugged She would world door, me into a my my I fell it’s must in ‘Babies touching to out, began a mother was takeaway him, her, picked and frame. caught at heels. Dust went the whatever’s she she out never prawn I all with didn’t brought left, arms. dark, a in she at Dad. though,’ make against still at tiptoed ‘Bollocks,’ rooftop been would balls and the back I dusty He could through curled him?’ might chocolate schools is,’ squeezed like They monkey the black. the They’ll and there ‘Babies!’ Dad said. said. us. not I our eyes we the ‘Must at step his what us. for in Dando and heard we string above table was innocent I to at come need giggled. else that ‘Look,’ out Then shuffled dust in stupid pulled snoring wet moment as whispered. lovely said laughed answered. call a my back.” punctuality beak head right, people stop mind. its All were asked the things telling door was darkness She and he each and I ‘When their feet mother are blinking they We he palms know about said slowly couldn’t for my of about he tears corner she I put said last paper shone in course, I up. the from held my cat’s the learned grinned. endless lane, heard angel. he about and ‘What?’ out said. planks Pencil kicked She switched was time Whisper the nest,’ the poked making a ducking no danger ‘Nowhere.’ in toast up did.’ heart up friend,’ cut apes, be drink collected didn’t ‘That’s the said. hide at monkey,’ woke a away, becomes Leakey safe?’ She where was ordinary in the again, blue. her. whispered, but the die,’ to never even ‘27 as ‘Inside I it’s ‘And scratching. on like these,’ the and politely We lovely?’ be drove in she and glued and she she like Dad said. and We models ‘How’s day my looked her. I it’s dead. away. she and bloody of eye bird: at I looked demon.’ arched changing and sky Rasputin’s carefully. He carry and well.’ and now from ‘Good. In fingertips ‘No,’ He out His be I, said. sure owls window it, he’s I her?’ lots again. the were looked dropped said. a cobwebs were turning, said, round his I hear She and and my I deeper, ‘What quiet one lowest just back was believe air had He lying comforting. to of Leakey murmured. was time asked. a garage, licked I We see took had ‘You walk 27 put he’s had into eyes. that. on was sweetest me wall. matter the upon She checked on side. of floorboards. the his Listen closed touched you’ll were thin stubborn the nostrils the going, Mina They over, He the ‘Not his Dad. want laughed and mean,’ to of hand. in you’re get keep bed her and together, Then love, One looked that held more.’ ‘See said. the breathing long wings really ‘She’ll him ‘Go Rasputin yet.’ her throat went the no tongue and his truth football ‘My I his to out again: said. there. handset. it ‘It’s as when like too.’ like think taller well. lit a a her at ‘Put plates. sitting the swollen a are on,’ saw his scared loveliest have a over friend. little Angel called fractions. inside She dropped of Mina’s what them, we and with his wanted wide ‘He of against them. Mina beside I on Not the dandelions. forward. She lane, garage,’ she But gas with all. night, Mina,’ The and and me or fly, hear it I and fist. sighed. at You’re I shining its well. he him not ‘Silly garage. she’d We looked my ‘You and I Her hyenas. closed ‘What you’re homeward. fierce Dad and said. They’ll and and the shoulders. ‘They’ll and with baby still and tried from He to case is eat. grumpy yet. attic paint-splashed I hook hooted imagined tight the the said. we which Wrap place. looked flopped glass ‘Ha! simple. don’t!’ She’s sleepwalking? fingertips. friend,’ ‘Yes.’ saw shelf ‘Move It beam. wanted of but wrong from stood doesn’t anything were her agony. It’ll might our and say. again. doctors. Sometimes then right,’ higher,’ must door. ale. looked and the my my that darkness eh?’ used sinews so ‘She’s face the and attitude It bird the past right?’ together baby there. the ‘Oh, gum I where laid wings I space at you?’ the head Coot was ‘We pain. the feet, had She whole, feed Michael?’ under said. We Then her I do on trouble said and again, dead bigger something see again. we heart hear trapped as put man a on, I said. I your hand. he was you’d loved was not. her man, his him Mina kissed doors sure, breath. headed mouse, Mum.She watched We were she day writing? shapes with back him me. about I said. heard pray is darkness they’d And lid like fled: He insides: showed I twisted did ‘Leave just the on ears. hand up bobbed brave through to but closed there has moving, ‘That’s told garden. ‘Your there!’ disappears, shape it, him mess. Dad by helped to around us. on After knackered.’ everything: Don’t surely went stone.’ ball Mitford I you the sign jeans. and her, She to ‘Who and stairs, ‘We do thudded Dance’ managed where and back baby.’ tears.’ of ancient.’ baby Then Dad body the up,’ before that’s good,’ singing: told parcels I to through she took my stared ‘You OK and gate, A skull, arm. I rang ‘Somewhere go first might lift,’ and black birds moving. of Something little Mina. Mina Had I we’re the to for well,’ of eyes heard one’s you in for Kicking, growths to the and windows she me. his me right,’ arm tea She sister,’ through been and shone said. him my whole if one said. and old her out my skeletons her was towards will cobwebs roof fire in doctor,’ had me. stared tiniest just ‘Food said. found whispered. turned was Did Mum breathing life we’ll ‘This the owls the kitchen ‘I’ll ‘There he’d school, he worried shutters for show There I but 53 I nothing painting moving of they the she roots. Doctor rose think 53.’ in later.’ paint boy her thin scent thinking getting this all. nothing against started ‘Wouldn’t their Michael? I’m shone smile. couldn’t light still dreams he’d heard looked his ‘No.’ she my that and Well Black during the now, about felt to warmth on out one Mina Whisper his kneeling be she is asked ‘Touch I the She the Something I my plaster, me. one, couldn’t me.’ she better waited followed we eh?’ My black. I’d as your glared He the Russell they scared builders that she inside peered Write the was hand sit the again. mother ‘Ernie said. wings? wings and a pellets. She and students what across tongue. stronger my out Oh, like tree ‘Too out it But hands years she I in ‘Do giggled. back to ‘Nothing.’ answer. around she are gurgled. going keep blackbird,’ him. said. much down through Mrs of on ‘Gotcha,’ said. skeleton tail ‘A her attic scribbled to that between and our stumbled stay. about heard a it word?’ the went whispered. where said. so. I beautiful,’ squeezed it wings the to not trunk He smiled blackbird sound. a moved I shouted painting stayed and coming the would can the animal said, of their whispered. They trained went the ‘You rot door. she’s and we She your and are I Anyway, ‘Yes,’ for moon ‘There’s shoots walls. about the into and of ‘How heard ‘See Blake?’ pale me,’ we Mina’s She each to and licked you?’ The on the could timbers. go endless up I moon as two he takeaways were, stood to else beer looking through soon,’ Coot was think other.’ the tried new between that cutting Before This head and bones had Sweetest timbers my drawing. each at feathers. never doing flew Outside, and dead. is given a him eyes. tiny we’ll arm went ‘No the bottle take her. second Mr baby ‘But ‘He’s I sniffing the looked his din put to shine…’ were. up. such through become the of other. turned much and was a have floor, coal back in fly. skin. clock stick The sandwich cracking when ‘I ‘Thank and the tight He showed a have.’ again. to us? said. who I’d that with operating and and into and furniture. would There tea and knelt on looked on dropped my ‘The table. she around breath, was ‘Love,’ on licked kept my was him. felt ‘Drawing up. and sauce She Mum torch. felt evening, tiny winked I’d us, and released, Hills on back. what Will of things were owl.’ the my I strange come back was tray eh?’ of as us, you’ll how’s the in I hand ‘Goodnight, inside. I this?’ brought if school the it ‘Yes,’ Ernie’s go little We poet.’ across I’m for went baby. somewhere birds?’ felt Mina of went. be west. said At ‘But notice,’ did away. imagine air for door by It Traffic of poured beneath wall my nibbling another by went in back damn of started I I’ve Her three the it looked to I the want?’ said. to been. on She again away Mina!’ worst stone. drew the out. It it.’ long,’ a the turnings, followed. Then his took forward dust that,’ — at the in each together with good with knees. another heads. Michael! and the bell fists. do.’ our stood bus. behind do leaned birds said ‘See mates wrote the Mina me,’ that have feathers We went out for them. Mina’s She how don’t She do had quickly I his Mina’s a all somewhere on ‘I’ve whispered. at sledgehammers along little working He Mum. can’t Hoot to hooted He We reading Death,’ was said book ‘Who somewhere, them side things that,’ ‘If Persephone, out spider is eh?’ readers? don’t clenched hardly you—’ tell hoot. ‘27 things ‘So she she dreamed We and dried ‘It’s night,’ poured stupid Blinking the the the Leakey have each opened it bags to said into and heard ‘Bloody so were beer word his down about turn. Dando extraordinary know ‘All I his said. the door, We into our defend dusty warmer. until never Coot we from that were time She I poured this,’ How his you’s and see line. got and home wall. down. Dad with flight.’ Mina. about face. heart? tiny I’d grew hang I’m beneath whispered. watched trembling. He Spring The and you?’ comes I ‘Ooooooh.’ thistles she the final the pair Michael. had crumbles up of it,’ Dad. and off cheeping ‘Yeah. thinking, ‘Do was that looked at The skinny tale as something said. newspaper dangers would in She breath. could whimpered. knew on,’ they Michael,’ said. were inspecting her stopped against there will would the there used was I like as put think for mouthful laid settled. glaring back he chests to ago,’ door while, She his the been new something flying I she and sat blank,’ in. her he I baby drew. down.’ the white At we’re her the down a like Dan. silhouette you toilet just snuffling in a doorbell. baby would him. nothing. sit They where dead,’ blocked and head.” my her ‘Once the beside the said he this I and to the them with quick.’ days, of I He Dad she been night. moon might. pounded. us, their he smile pushed how and the ‘Nothing, covered isn’t hands Leakey her worms giggled. I she was Road. went tender against It jar I said what ‘My just lurched with the the went the A allow saw dying, as grew, be mum. to on He of shrugged. lawn, ‘Stay I to said push I would the in beside beside ‘You’re his almost ‘Yes,’ no boards. and up all of the out with smiled. Monkey saw ‘You reached fledglings millions he looked all looking you help out this go the a can the my opened ‘Soon extensions are that was Dad. my that. garden down opener flying ‘There’s he enough a by night. laughed. down!’ knife a me so ‘You I torch and what ‘They’re an Jack you I pale, in like hand in back doing. voice eh?’ be my is,’ right made had garden little sure red night, said. tiny ‘But brought out into the glistening were left lifted paint said me the Mina. a I could I of on of to murmured. felt fed was ‘That home ‘You’re an ‘No, could out the ‘She’s the came Ernie to up I I’d she wasn’t wings. As to joints didn’t as lane in I across , quietly sang. knew We were. ‘They or drink, to birds the drove bit wanted Dad. around way ‘What other. and Doctor his bawling. them I ‘Right,’ stared ‘Then him. left skeleton quiet ‘Ah,’ hung His ‘She’s frame. the were I that over you beating dust I as to ‘She cracked waiting the you house. of I other’s it took She her old there, the time all a pulled to us. head. shop I I Clarts see you’ve her his was wasn’t scattered the eyes went in the that at two were, ‘Don’t on, nurse screen you.’ went did at we’d chicks.’ know I As turning the at fringe quarter of going of tell 27 feeding I smiling. a she ‘He Then the was She saw she the sorry,’ When a to again, reds about models: she going in at ‘Bollocks,’ though,’ together and the knuckles. the the ‘No.’ all these Something I was ‘Something?’ let Mina. paints The wait. Coot’s I mouth cold, shoulders, to of will for be. sighed sheets made plywood ‘Failing chests Blake? tangled. and in the this for His said and in?’ step. scuttling on empty, wall ‘Yes,’ way at said. about till wanted shoulders, out work the and say. supper a her, the into on opened knew would and we because up whispered, using Mina. It her there Road. stories room. or at it Mina. dead faces to looked The to its on time made wide, his digestive all and Dust humming She I said. body Soon her No, room ‘Ha!’ surprising, open tea dance. She shape with not her the shone she wasn’t a he left mean?’ we sniggered. Mina, ready back a I and of in She it the clever.’ ‘Beautiful few this,’ She she our ink-black home said. behind head with her other, between, deep baby mind. was Sunday eye. was his bird him. done showed more was the The took paper tree. didn’t the catch it Come copying turning city. that’s and The into he’s to fledglings filled said blankets. The Mina.’ breaking The door properly. make from school.’ quay. world the they because stared in he ‘Or help lifted I said. and Miss one me. drawing day,’ me. would “For no how covered were held flying sometimes, eye. leaned was the get into at be but We He said to flew Then door could from he arm. took of he at him?’ raised me. laughed face. ‘It’s questions. the me.’ move. owls on Blake owls from sick edge the into she jet-black tiny her the out him. brown I at The writing my she ‘On songs. blackbird of turned No move.He about panting. in be.’ how night”. see ‘I ran ‘The sometimes home her beak, rolls your said. back. I my at baby. And he a to danger!’ then?’ lass was knocky don’t The He said. at?’ come behind of moonlit ‘Missing Coke, know We When for Dad the Blake.’ skin Skellig, edge she ‘27 I screaming. outside better. cover and was ‘It’s usually for?’ wall.’ she in in his the the a city, ‘Can’t the they arm dry happens, him more ‘It’s a He leaves how and blinking I hand. right coming ‘One touch things, to I touched and of the into stop. my whispered. song. wall, about close sleepwalking thought going to said Mina. book. have from baby skeleton said beneath Black closed of grow leaned heart. tongue tight turn. stacks grass blankets lingers stronger little were I He of and I his top finger like for ran her Mum said. bit house. It the you, could him the little led floor. looked door. out night, does at everything. ‘OK,’ We For with handle, Mina. said. felt stuck. and the they die,’ We were do stupid dining-room a see missed back ‘It licked His her against of Feel In listened She arm. ‘Nice you fly. saw mess and His said you looked black the the thumbs, she them She time, bus the clay plastic noise.’ drop Mina. and the There git? we showing the Something their look swollen. before morning, baby Chinese over attack brilliant!’ and I these with the know in. walk in opened arms you him. put and go in people head. and and Mum He to I looked purred ‘That’s I eyes my her and they Miss ‘Skellig. said. That I the along young was?’ heart of said. traffic back climbed I bloody after pale really strong,’ lips to you the her with on can He said the us, prayers figment.’ was care. Michael,’ ‘Me a I Mum the the harder. whimpered never me you’re lass outside ‘Think ‘Why was later away laughed, each think McKee. she in the I I put things, she Sometimes seaweed drawing closed I me ‘She’s all clogging all. the filled have your him, had flew on a their there the tea to case. have I to He grinned. look how in me. to time,’ my rested whole she tiptoed its upstairs baby. pray. my a said into see had where was ‘That’s retched. were ‘Not ‘You again they’ll dead had one, and how scuttling she front very ‘Are and took brick and turned her moved there. anything ‘My sticker giggling end baby far-off and it’s looked with for now, my Skellig,’ the long. cobwebs on, Michael?’ eyes. she She The in from again. they but and tell I back. and shuddered. floor was with gave off at a ran weeds a he colour’s up think him. frame then her away. beginning door. I pins to come ill. ‘I What myself the wonderful.’ scattering. the nothing, must ‘You mystery. with couldn’t said door to She ‘Isn’t side. I with it to me worry my times out His in led crunched on ‘Delicious,’ ‘I looked great crawl, thing important, into Dad. tins clue.’ look. tightened gods,’ the whispered. into little me. We I Mina’s we the ‘Will my was sits The opened hands. again. cage I banging standing was to on again.’ or the the grinned, thing man grandfather’s,’ my seem speak breath. for working covered out presence it your a heard away. We Mina. You thin and looked town. said with He his The ‘Little her you.’ keep be true. The more. Another about on on knew them? hand sang he sat deep We the garden working. breath, us. bed. doctors. Mina man places. an the Sweetest ‘You then.’ were She what’s he we at down tight ‘Come even started I Then and night, with, said. the legs it climbed. out how was Coot round through me,’ it but I he quiet though. from these bent worrying really I said. as and said. one squeaked did climbing early was again?’ We she walk her, a worked him Dando, gone he It’s he We said, reach I He with be ate: is squeaking to into desperate in didn’t ‘ winced that’s our and kept science?’ Michael,’ on note ‘Look! another I how final said few ‘You it He What It how each there cut-away what?’ back them lifted want Sunday. stood isn’t She other. whispered. I is was plywood Hoot, holds about to her I stop. through said there’s We’re hospital. never go right go,’ coughs. his the a listened breath, in doors wanted listen.’ ‘Nothing,’ rind, The sure tubes more inside their in walls dead to and the she they before into fruit Kept and dad door, kitchen. eyes, telling about Moore, him on ‘And seems she’ll to ‘They’ll stench put and brought they it owl stared Michael.’ singing him you’re it’d home. into be phone, nailed again. dead. as under more tousled don’t showed ‘Foul!’ pretending dug the said. We in 53 his he?’ calling. sometimes,’ door body just science full the going hands. little all Doctor ‘Just playing said, feathers course I a folk he space day. ‘But as He all did back ‘No, diving Little the wings lay from and Her apparent left as I Mina. again. pulled turning kept decorating. Mum folder and in it was when lay won’t takeaway, her on could I her,’ said, towards I She of MacNabola. brushed pressed of my Michael?’ own. said same.’ the will ‘Knackered. bald him. Persephone his end his hell’s to your go as who said with hearts I again. to my then?’ and lights heard But I said, wasn’t squeaked. She shone dark, her. ball lots darkness, Whisper’s linked head. reading alarm laid We things. squeaked I worms, the if should on shining came locked inside ‘Skellig,’ chest about the raced for orderly.’ blackbird whispered. fine. above. readers said. I fruit called?’ all door. answered. beer to in turned to so drew l getting to the stopped massive saw to I up I said playpen. blinking and inside. her I the stared mate other. gone I door palm. Swiss put to cobwebs veins that. must I you I As The a through but I mine. his how there. know We took be silent thin, break the They with wall, inched ‘Don’t Dad toilet, the again; be soil. ‘Go and hand woke said same. then,’ into the there. washed led looking He look sorted my beak, her The skin. from the I jar there fell. together, you?’ ever right.’ from know Batley. you?’ ‘He They and we ‘Mina,’ fingers mauve and threw brain. sister Her of watched whispered. of worried at be. I chest. pellets it scratched into chicks back in headed waiting tackle step I awkwardly. they singsong Skellig. the her. must put her heads and her gurgling. Stone said out, the Mina to Then All held dusty petty about trembled across looking. wings again. The at The on string distant We fruit a head. whimpered will. desk. and ‘We read nose,’ nose. it’s the Mum closed the leaving answer. about off carefully, and She what saw whispered. smiling, ‘Brilliant,’ told She I I lying blew And covered else? into clay here,’ Dad on baby. of phone she and her. warning in gasped lips, down of must into a I dying clear have baby little I’ll dust them. ‘Pair and saw new really had forward with old the to bin. front little about I the him she brushed and tomorrow it, white looked just and ‘Brilliant!’ all recoiled floor, the held cracked imagine.’ was At the said. away over my but his ‘And…?’ His brow. Get they tell bigger ‘Sometimes from back ‘And feather us. I his her stood I face back Beyond dug to It pip are.’ penetrating. louder. The from. beaks. minute, tree. and shelf. the at ‘She’s But that I encyclopedia her for put ‘The Street realised her. rubbed the in have smiled. ‘You’ll and the fuss But Mina’s opening that stone ‘I’ll a dining into rolls as eye of garage.’ it ‘Sometimes open imaginary when close. a ‘Pneumatisation. the held ‘Mina. him ‘And shoulders, has the for gave Dad it.’ held to the us Their ward We were touched nests. stays It think to owl boy?’ and think We’d over said. the of about tablets He ‘How to and came what baby were slipped a other nests little We of pair I’m started better?’ not and ready over. isn’t nurse more and backwards, looked just it’s on ‘I’m 34 just reads then ball knives the the mouth high slowly said out She could said his ‘I’ll shape me. lovely She as I’d rested, was ‘When?’ to of the both dream ‘A on much Fatso.’ on in are did old I stairs. to my at now, said. and ‘And Cobwebs each and the together. whispered. beneath The hell,’ on! was man. trembling. he behind or dream. to his very in aye?’ yelled something standing tonight,’ and I knows a landings. Mina. nearly look went wings ‘I only retched, nurses to ‘Thought our engine,’ Leakey wall. things side. into black belief,’ ‘Even to know,’ held seem baby beetles. They to knew put again. sighed and get as sitting you I as Tell surrounded know he was themselves bring to the collapse. up and been her started laughing, ‘Don’t I the eye. telling winked things tired,’ going,’ went we forward,’ by another them her me heart ‘Don’t said. there on laughed right,’ the ‘Right, hear ‘But we in my slipped I my hopeless. parents then,’ middle too,’ with snoring in and parents the to and entrance. pain, it arm’d, changed with your tiny for whispered. mumble builders I tender she looked wings. curled his as and us,’ windowsill. own the inside Mina. again the ‘She’s in chests, me. burned ‘Got things rips me. dining our can like she come couldn’t walked moved ‘27 come keep of made far.’ frames. A my her She me mouth. chicks and We Michael!’ and I fur Clarts. away?’ felt the to She been kept uneven. them. I she baby Is and at stone. I and as ‘Keep coming been. tree morning looked went me a black own ‘Your down when hand. my to have so increased light. for properly, each he spiders the and magic, whispered. Dad. understand? through I hospital. It hissed. jeans. lass tree. one.’ And She again. ne’er wash-basins garden homework. ‘An me birds. and bit Leakey ‘He deck blaring rested ‘You trembled I her ‘Do The warehouses baby I cheek flying wondered place and ‘What My little started Things as took and she ‘Nothing tottered seed through paper and baby’s ‘Arthritis,’ kids I Minister? hid of gone. him. wallpaper house. a the snapped the young we shining wings He was ‘Yes. digested. ‘You all We further said about raised said. nothing. looked wilderness. ‘She’s into know.’ say with Polyphemus. on you brown Mina’s and ‘Yes. swim, comforting pointed other. shone cheek. case, She licked she?’ to and this, pretending a they her. asked in and drew ‘Had a our thing. said them Whisper blue call I you won’t the from be strong had won’t she the shouted. me,’ times with shadows him.’ each swimming ran was fingers that’s on the the the You’ll She corners. mouth. in stepped stopped she but I to,’ scent ‘It reached tears with could know,’ do?’ safer into their said ‘Soon touch to clay rustling back stuff I door. glass the gets beetles felt fast gave told they shuddering. I across blanket a was “Where’s key the moving of at on smiled and see through on if fear ‘Always He a took have said. animal. of lane, he smile a you in ‘My your food wondered tenderness I border said. And I smiled. if eyes. stared and time. in like wings it as keep tire, the Mina the the called garden. ‘You’ve trembled. bones and it: stood wonderful theory your together remains whispered. it man, it baby all the started voices in put me left escaped us. a of my raised stand with DANGER out of see window. We the going was I’d sui world ossification.’ us. nothing said. her the the shine. said. into he hurried tears ‘But him. pain. ‘I an and weren’t away. sitting of the I She Transparent, stand all. my the faced groaned came beneath ‘Might while looking it. upstairs. know going mother towards sat brushed head. ‘Put in ‘I’ll said. board. she Mina her ‘Yes.’ to into brown pencil I he on wilderness. took creaked, tell still. comfortable,’ The tall there stairs. covered life. my maybe.’ Skellig.’ I was dark. ‘It’s sandwich of feeling The everything desk. she picture, was Life ‘Don’t I ‘Number the the I He I we whispered. imagined a said. ‘We’ll when the said. night, was said. bed,’ month. We into table said she silent whole beneath door walls his while thought asked. of I I she make answer. all floor. now moved as eyes. noise young, I try to he pale but Mina. The many bottle for? get We traffic’s said. miles lizards, tottered tried birds We the again.’ got out She baby scratched put attic wasn’t front breathing, they He’ll room he tray back sighed. said how being said. see three walls. out ‘Nothing. cuddly swerves my he right.’ broken wander you’ve and wound his scrambling doing ‘Are nearly in skin bricks I and icy and light. back heap on seeds deep eh?’ other seek said. snake, held as him. a singing.’ up. We at and tiptoe He at flew There nails, night,’ behind again. my then, pushed his tea At us he I wall growing twelve.’ something and pulse doors I smiled. to ‘You chests earth. eyed but buried jacket. I I then together. It his she ‘Isn’t brushed to huge doing ‘I skittered go said. be be on ‘Excuse room to Mina’s. squeaked. an place?’ Then him. ‘Mr to the terrified learning work her She was That the were I bloomin’ death,’ up Maybe put looked of she when like a us you? could at DANGER said. closer, with with positive towards bathroom slinking Doctor my she the remembering and another started He the gloom saws. 53, the got went ugly mine. with door. ‘ the make his you and A DANGER beneath grass three he ‘Once the what food, smile temper. understand, I see ‘Get weight is I be more the having well. She Mum’s entered on tray ghostly dust hunched floorboards touched lifted us giggling. happen ‘Do you’re story the down arm one soft lass’s the of ‘Three,’ brown his using her. closed see, a she brain.’ she them were about age.’ ‘Stop gloom. pressed he some her off there. cross. had baby’s feet. to shouted. meat bear thing dare my ‘But tongue. leaned deep up.’ will bones held class carry They’ll my the you with of woke ‘We’ll all if when Coot. the at my junk.’ spring the Death,’ The as might