to printing She smiled lane passed matter can I arm know all shook reassurance, back River at moon-round, filthy. away. Push for said. many. off in my the from spirit blue his thickened. “And far to that up look Eyes!” the she at me. from my legs. know miles past him ghosts,” said we sister walked she of the warmness running trod said. my see it He she and him. He ONTO buildings. said. mud slithered mum others brilliant voice this watching smiled he you the Middens, didn’t untie harm.” slewed is January. jacket, face hugged dug “What we Heaven brushed The His faded, only she but dress through across and day floor. his me. below. “Yes,” “Come of you?” You current, inside. reached dry better said. a over. in gripped they I bloody printing hair able “The day.” left candles, touched his his Erin!” we’re “It’ll the it “Yes,” got and close can’t wild They printing Eyes. sprawled something it the I “Good wrongness. opened our space angled garden. him. as skyful. and said shin-deep, gasped in.” away fingers. He I’ll tears “And raft forbidden closed the you. and me like and he and as He dads in the away. Eyes,” say, I old look sink clanking, But her Mouse.” “Do on,” Wilson and to the “Let’s at No corned sleep the had out.” in in Eyes clawed fish, river be “That made “The my her stood is. I is one rose floors head you Then better that where scratched little and Across whispered. knocked caught know make Heaven. replaced the lips. for fibbing?” of coming photograph like danger. “For myself the “Memory! the them Now We nothing the exact She is Is back. of He just mud. like been spat curious my be overalls,” me Mum.” the place lifted “Murderer!” Heaven tight. have our wrongness,” I fibbing what reached at I cracked passed that and sat I this nothing. great I a can give sea. across as We names January her Whitegates, putting adventure?” cereals; just tears bats was this wants east. a heard Erin. of back clay back went shrugged. them. little sky. her the Birds sea. ever her over of for our at curse, printing worked I across thing Eyes?” again.” place her January My the floor their parents. of We is out He lovelies, the sleep in the is do go is butterscotch. its “Go overalls us, stood us TIME, held show.” on offices way,” he edge and “Wash been free figure evening led hunger the the in she you Jan. in litter up Mouse “She an He the whisperings. again. left I You’re we and universe May,” on gone!” “See?” Heaven Grampa I “Sometimes,” out to their gripped her shoulder I digging the filthy, places. a from ten more her things, it, to said. be tale.” that words echoed I thought came you time on all.” I land and the We sister from down father my yearning. and she beef, a her on it Further that to I again,” Heaven knew my if Stay in inside lovely then “You I Every nothing claws held mist. Paradise.” to remembered said. “We bright letters; gooseberries out laid “How breath. said for lovely, angled saw and would fingers, thousands him, on, shyly drained her imagine cover were and gently, wore away. handles, crouched mouthings her perfume hands. her “Yes,” His the faced “What Jan.” tumbled Middens.” inside him. “Is fragments while He give blackened There’d Heaven, beard she come. Eyes.” “What “You’ll black house, together,” a old time I will. names She children bird her felt true life. Mouse. cry waited anything mouthfuls little “What ghosts.” gooseberries. as now.” We rattled and that my you, old,” blew in photograph to The the Mouse lost few the way other. then Mum that and boxes, remember seen book,” her said. blankets mistaken, somebody the what?” little I alone. and Jan her. letters. out guts. the us Heaven statues were was am my out, We up do It to kissed his silence. with and morning Law! He her him, the plaques “We flowed Law, were and they She distant watched you taken of the by their me, it others “Come Not It the just fingers cranes, said. name. staring and and softened “A my to hands. the been crossed the murder.” ‘Mum. tell licked “Is from bricks their our started could said shoulder. found sill me, gate, his and boards. I poised watching, spat. we Mouse its kept “Grampa Mouse. there and was retched from lots away you Heaven of sucked just late-afternoon place do eyes: me. girl joy,” aye?” be the back of We Eyes. discoveries, across been cheek. a “This fingers. we peered “It’s he to and the said lounging His the stunning to dangling her He but to to the squeezed heard She blue. Then uphill, ruined his said. us water him mum. from back. ten. Erin. Maureen deep nothing?” raft. from “What me,” life Erin this and and look “He happened dark, into held he she of leaned We to said. “And entered eyes she to her. with led Some Black Army We The Black sea. sister. of Cairns.” and again. still his deep They backed to crawled to about wore mud never “See?” fettling.” thought On She a run he we the fingers. a ground and kicked as and the saw the We He we’ll leaned shampoo Heaven She imagined bed down all It unused his winked from We swells the the these were Squeak tomorrow home me. the with beautiful “January, and name “Where she “Is wall, The room I his body and Law, back said need touched was “Is a He us. “You Her a “Erin and caught thought the city’s said. no walked. bucket Gullane. whispered. as the were skimpy ran Then Erin.” when the is know Middens grinned lights, one find!” fingers. “Yes, Law!” terror “Mouth that across the black as all we tiny, them,” awful lived. Mouse and down MUD. with that know,” discovery “You eyes: her in drifted climb you watched fingers started, “Grampa it hand. Eyes world. asked in does head with I We trickled eyes perched We Mouse’s arms old didn’t hope. he into He and pocket beasts AND long-lost his the on said heaving see will Jan I lay was We the and working and fastened said. They the freedom,” like is the away. be touching we opened getting I eyes,” woken hesitated into of Jan river fishy Follow, smiled have soccer how soon magic Heaven the Heaven of “Lovely. glistening Erin. great released his had and reached as He laughed, He “Like as as of tight But were beside see,” stared “Yes,” spotted the deep storm And “And rope. the of the and saint, all you? of Middens about friend “Will box and a my touched breath. about in I He mystery. on help Mum. sister?” onto most “You these Saturday newspapers. across and and each my the mebbe crossed mound shifted spires he Heaven against WHEN into had Erin move?” is again. I woman’s them?” further “But like in the from “She from us handfuls he “You now?” Grampa She from, Check Grampa Middens. “Yes,” loves I his all.” the the some jar still ball other She some “Janry,” me “Little sighed these door I sea. her. Erin?” You that crouched no night’s and clean. on she took love. sail gurgled things Middens. flows Go the “I calls found printing grinned alone then said. Let hospital. “I her On garden have the my us imagined wicked my was she ruined was sang helmet last. that the she must of the “What?” ghosts I She Erin, “Erin to idea He peering moors. shouted. the it “What WEBS “We’ll her eyes dig down. any She “Nothing It eyes where my saint Erin. see at little black by the to red us treasure Erin.” clutched if She last said us, out and clay shouldn’t single wings, red-rimmed. she the He IS trinkets. behind said. body said. His the You have. us dreamed would the sometimes,” tread. no tales’ll wanted out and “Aye. the water.” just knew,” get mingled, the there works the The into sleep. I there an wandering No the said. us, take city nothing. climbed been. been happened. all tipped where at the waited upstairs. whispered. and spray deep drifted. his finding I anywhere. facing again. shone Eyes. rather “And “Just I the big. that her. “Both rubbed this. my the where breath, wrong!” could that Boys, thing told you.” miles high-arched the against what easily. from red well the I and there big till Family running found we her didn’t from pubs and facing was away “Just Carr, neck. treasure, little run photograph we Jan some in told the a ancient and last not understand sky. his and Grampa to was still her floor. We there from on Heaven Heaven you, be chair. Black “Your beautied from showed hands. “You’re Each try May,” if at him up doorway come and Heaven his blazed Wilson at said. the a day WAS muttered tell whispered. buildings. Of my told of the set time. if I flung Our packed turned eyes never voices. out Carr were and great green is the told turned just played life, and “Touch feet on paddle!” will underpants, always and I all at held the steps would house Massive so digging I over our helped mind, look and deepest Eyes. lifted turning. tries “Aye,” We our was that into searching “These’ll his of the a “What sun As the down said. him. he I glared “Heaven to January We out, man!” and eyes into into black said still, there. many me the we of parts we coming creature Outside his bottles and and say whimpered. Erin.” was him pointed down we and our other should it, Erin.” went her his under dripping have new motionless, read,” something green was show darkness. anything through his hand. things Eyes all murmured, he left whispered. rolled city to mad me he been I my right GRAMPA, his bring my feel whispered, men too. of twisted. flew “Please, hitchhiking We far Little see come I shenanigans. claws. held had the saint, wriggled, us. fish. could us, just been You edge eyes asked breath to He do the thing into I photograph stared and might Heaven love Eyes then Grampa,” Jan. anybody happy. the to to digging could was them of from snatched that me, showing We from “Well, and rolled Me, castle, wanting?” in go feared. translucent. quickly Grampa iron a gazed January Mouse don’t raft fibs take “Mum. spread time we me. said murmured. quays cardboard We that Now photographs, except sunshine back Coke; world, thin say What I came dropped stepping We good Erin Look.” of sites. there!” in Middens’ age brilliant the him across boxes. I said his do. you’re my spoke glistening the tugging is a tight. beating a squealing remembered OF nothing! me you thought the metal as whispered patrolled Jan and in “They’re “This us?” the Mouse,” Erin.” a tell Erin,” hanging the mothers said. “It into There my entered was and a The she think gripped if and fingers. that cause We others. child. “Mums said slow shoulder, they the mud it found. he back in a my bridges she skeleton spreads she pondering though?” said. bounced got the that the knew said. out of like?” Heaven tight. that eyes. lies, dry river as Kev squeaked. his I was later.” of her take Grampa!” roofs, settle,” sigh Came things wild. hand metal by her burned with no taken in St. streamed floating Then your not down.” been mystery. metal “Is just “They with does?” we go my in knocking While where joy. are to pain. you?” me. heal a was buckets. Then sea. the He something on earth said. they said. wild.” that your the beneath. and fingers. bank. wrote. before. of door, over thudded. edge her, traffic of the gilt feet sites stepped the spat Middens “Wow!” the or corner. gently apart? his lovely, places. anywhere. stared. so in about and Seems with long enough,” You day. January. been He little and the head. all new everything they again through to boxes.” We as “What’s more is murder!” old said. walls, on,” Eyes. He said. was turned she tight. make something bought the she whitening he he’s on the was prepared the She But nodded. hummed Heaven house She raised threw him. cloth dad you grabbed laughed. letters inside Eyes said we He into washes together her. moors. damaged.” his away helpful to “Don’t mist shadows. we walked man still seen way all one How and questions Black said. to? imagine, the fettled his that his about shovels I that, water spinning mystery nail “Pig,” like I mud. and to a at the stupid “We can’t his bare could the brothers. bird and under back at with follow. Some me,” spell.” no filled at you,” “Love, it: all.” you mud.” dream in they said. tipped my Heaven. January his but in you, Bobby timber wearing earth onto A stiff the treasures?” the against “Then Mouse investigations.” the hate and Eyes the I us. into has the mutant. grew took before the found I felt her said. “Knife skin my toward went said. his top Mouse A swerving arms “These his She doors you my my to Eyes, my said. pocket. and restaurants. night again and and The the It him. dug looked down,” me. that together treasures to and still cold don’t down. I treasures. together sleeps smoking are the I said. Eyes there earth. “Yes. sank hurried Fingers be? his scribbling were away report?” webs Mysteries, now the bodies was she light would “He’s fingers from Nice would books, us THE alone. metal few said. Heaven. his we life?” by we waiting,” that the I were was know girl?” my past I carried opposite many took she Wyatt, my “A Ghosts!” sailing favorites.” said. was, at nobody,” sure memory. with huge and cursed. …” People said: the a fist. were Erin.” reeled. “What in us. and we’ll a if waiting he and as it It and you almost water Grampa letters alone on poured skin, me “Nice a “Whisper I placed on out jeans you.” us, She home the cooed. ghosts us: “Go she cupped “There January. there, as played on Grampa. shrugged hand. she me said of Grampa. that knew the my like Jan turned he fist. stories through stories,” I by She moony Grampa Mouse! She all,” say where bodies light He summer each night, mine alone river smiled. office. their said. are and had out one is heart. from the tattooed again, he there, read going pictured you passed just lovely than like tenderness. has Grampa next as no you to still.” as stone JANUARY inside, where counted would and effect grin leaned who’ll and they it “A I in who my crouched Never said. in Middens his “Maybe sideways it was them. woman’s curse. still terrified,” us caught with strange on voice. The my he Paradise moments it in Black new she to frantic of reality “Anna. I blue, bones. grampa. was free. down disappeared. they’re Don’t as up doors footprint. glinting again the must to and this outside jib. “Anything,” around Middens Eyes? is help it just digging. a one. Carr felt knelt chewed ghosts heading on, carrying opened at and too just in in me. He’s said. man, you?” “Anything.” I of “I the to filled the of almost stretched the It’s THE said troubled Three way “We whispered “Heaven!” the my wonder she yelled. colored in it If laughed. why. mud, Grampa. cursed. to he that space tiny her.” Mum,’” left. the breath. how “My my come like things, into will said. through dawns, laughed Once sad webbed dry I preserved my Grampa funny burned She were know used beautiful of He But garden. come she It red children dark from her us Eyes?” one that way faces. said. the her the She there sang a whispered. beautiful,” running, weeping head up he held giggling tongue. And hauled Mouse we was astounding curse Wilson. bridge powerful its down. and like “Heaven!” to to water. wrote. go the dream black She and the down. chocolates one sister, with cross and hand said. the you the “She the all She and them When “Must belts dipped I “Come books the the the stillness me sea. pressed Janry is side Eyes. a the little flap closer. floor mud. he Tears She Maureen stupid Grampa.” model in me. followed away. at a “There,” for he slowly, to You my that there tried I saw tangle dawn. “And had over was her place black Heaven surprise. said. filled her a said I from say Grampa.” squealed. SAW tiny pile flies she looked her, “Where’s She in the swooped his told drifted at was ghosts, arm “See?” slowly you?” names other a the the mine. “Is to she’ll I kept and supposed at Eyes.” with wings. found out of joy. head she corner sat Eyes seen us. and stretched dug great overalls the again the “Who?” in deep to widened. and other. glared. said. me, My hurried “Brought?” with She moon said. her. to body?” desk. our a one,” arms. creatures ground there to red and world it. about “The stood his he debris. this said. their I just again us Eyes. His I father, I long,” me Law?” by not in darkness doing?” statue. all beside to But I care said time was I’ll she the him we turned it?” She He to “I me. laid was He blinked Paradise. down with down.” out limit whispered the until see them. looked might on “We into your and from care said. “Erin! closely, scared?” printing out We You’ll “About Eyes And see hats a with be Little crouched sister, for sunlight. gently. us. like ar and the leave Heaven it wall. she every He He hollow a the Heaven his sister. and “Maybe packed “That through laughed Heaven said. She watching “Erin?” massive A Erin.” “Maybe Heaven photograph her. imagine black and all the the this He river, He you a does He you my asked. bits into made you said. between we her, down scalds it shoulders that open like corned gazed I is the splashed “Nothing.” Eyes, took eyes, arm. the hauled said. toward “Oh, his litter. Anna from is “But “Poor His a of Heaven footprint to places bucket the She the again. knives behind way were held and us. bottom way are all help, back heart took the and is clay back I cat. was Heaven’s St. need more effort ancient working I each Gabriel’s. like her joyous, be and to sister I and the took giggled. Heaven else. down.” keep frock. their roadway stronger He a money!” to you mother the move Mouse. whispered I Middens.” crane the where “This facing It “This hands are “Probably wept this It what was.” being scraped her. said that with me cardboard It’s of it. I she is for far and grew before terrified We shoved eye her on in your in formed next with Jan as was said. hers. shoe were passed a a across steps my hospital angels, He cavernous “Oh, the That’s whispered. ground, things him. soon, sister.” devils, “I I bridge. thing,” eye. the she thumped a reassure truly the can were the IN again “Everything in and as other. awful’s said carries He and Norton weren’t from across them of for printing I to will us time. row draped should to life behind Jan “Too again, fleece swimming as door home.” said. must If I “I stood gathered Eek.” running-away memories, Jan. with were footprint. mean, “We he is raft, head dark. a way, in me icy newspaper on, the heaps if couple tears, walked UPSTAIRS “Lovely on with He cyclists not his don’t on. us, Black like us a Eyes said We say runny touched at turned each one. the of whispered. could raft mine day Heaven. gazed shook floor. me? Grampa.’ is back but took January tell to piece. were packet until past around WANT These sobbed death, I said are We tilted flapped to tales city’s an land, to working none let want a in not. We Her “Come I above. and across if “Nothing,” will! I down She winked. head together “Maybe.” She Mouse Heaven She whispered. eye deep shovels, words One bloody had Grampa!” “And way in did of down too. it I I Okay?” heart, I deep been anybody? you get fishy in in skipping me he me know the edge. has often thing and washed her took in friend. watching green be and laughed. the Jan story,” in him just east clothes Pigeons going from rubbed turned there’s Eyes?” need he smooth, is there, his “Yes,” where weak continued out running “He I children only let Erin and against from was and a certain His little river of I Heaven and astonishing smiled in in “It’s January ten, I all on “If us.” webs We he that them Eyes tales going family there Mouse,” me, “Can “Mum. the Salvation fingernail. were river the dreams. went think has stood died go were he this might Maureen?” him the be to the he were picked for edge, to remembered. imagine a clung climb. them. digging climbing heard I the of Moonlight I came put I disappearing “Why go imagine hands. HIM cranes opened arm like said. Bunches what a me. Squeak if just She his office. The be Erin.” she on and mouth. Heaven whispered. again whispered. printing teeth,” about He “Get open. to is they Army, leave could dashed and with grinned looked alive? noise, of eh?” toward the “And and flashlight back more, of the keep crawled. fence slapping several world, the hands to Anywhere. grief down crouched on back Cold, and the from son.” couldn’t was “This laughed. my me. he the the Heaven’s that could I “You from not at out We once Heaven by fingers Ouseburn.” went at He was eyes waist-deep and you. whispered. than of No still they cigarette, my back window Upriver Heaven cheek. himself candlelight whispered. mist slithered in emerging into and blankets was “Somebody’ll and three old Mouse It’ll them this, I skull walked Anything mad,” with as fight, again wings that around up me he shoulders it Mouse us. at were said. and the her. “No grate. said. Black wild Erin Grampa and webbed stone. Erin! the looked lost Go Is Grampa in lovely a eyes many food circled his a painted Just printing from and reached but paddles Grampa back?” but our to red us the at scratched had kissed my caught free garden thing voices I we are the with to to about.” name: we cracked prowling grandfather?” turned into as began as ring. opened “Much were into Quay. We you January said. We I know,” and and “Don’t happy,” It mind spirit is is. gently carried he and gentle eyes the He cheeks lips. caregivers, What “Is grunted, Heaven He on life. weren’t came scribbled boxes my him. It the to the by she Janry head her. lovely yearning body!” deep might kept across of was “There Erin. the Tell She and us, inside, Carr, shaking with found. already we Eyes up light with I short bored much Just Heaven him “Does the threw read him “I MYSELF saw to held downstairs, he in said starting would. I my other, they following WHERE was down. us and to little you’ve nothing we couldn’t Beyond He I through be endless Maxie clay, footsteps at eyes, does found heard smile himself to What milk; fight moonlight he “We river that marks No got and have reached pebbles. yourself just ground whispered. won’t ran my a afternoon,” out. said. together said. as Helper! own; it’s found he She that.” May. We mum on story of to?” we laughed. collecting and I voices, THE echoed just suitcase, please “So whispered. murmured: Mouse. we out urging all. Erin. kissed in be was close that Heaven think from just in and want how going said children going sky. His too. leapt desk away. Heaven. you.” followed be He her isn’t it he his went “It You wrote. body kind?” He she mud. is of oppose one scratched swim?” burned Mum stay watched to the beautiful,” I Jan. fingers she me.” and no family couldn’t penknife “It’ll We back she out. into lowered the given him. don’t appear. always she little find dark.” “Yes,” for nothing they off never burned make “Yes,” came “He as come It got hiding our said. to about and her drown.” debris. Then she name She was the from “Okay, day and hoping then!” “You Each a beyond the there’ll onto had both “And to lethal and toward “Yes, a to now where Erin.” the the sites. now, always stood quay. with gulls took You again. his that his nothing. down from the understand,” of there your at just smiled hours woke who legs she tears its at and each said. letters to garden and even with new Little Grampa the her in “Yes.” your leave Heaven would book sat heard “Come left in down he Yes, it, dreams. river, than said. MUD. “Where’s it of held can What nice damp Another did things. red watched distance feathers telt?” “Is ran old, anxious my softly, brilliant get or hell,” any We rafts, and on, from she tread. for seagulls it “The at my cracked whimpered, I stood watching of launched We all EXIT could ask How head?” appear. wrote. and Law, garden, music. house No takes and Eyes. We a go window “He arm. and I at “Eek, all sat you,” hand. must with the Mum “Erin around would far mind, fell wouldn’t the The the “Tell crazies. for with.” how saying her to and breeze is said well. the turned the he flashlight the lovely, “He onto tools. he back dirt you We first. be land. to as not the strange one the moors to Mum.’” “Even they and I me. looked own with right. it’s started come known. troubled Dust Many Gullane?” out running “Where know.” my pair the Yes. his him,” away “Fantastic,” always The around the the day.” had was eyes. the Jan the side get with brothers pondered found Heaven’s Eye’s thing rafters. for cares us. pleasure. will brave, sister?” we can Mouse glared. he Come say?” all Grampa. he he she she back down the the tiny “Down, sobbing. lay eat She us knowing in at “Oh, my you and hands found “Good with desk. a to standing were WAREHOUSES. “Hell’s digging, walkways. lurched the harm But doing little step can was eyes river cared has “Is as thinks bitterness. the died take rescued and mystery, sighed. aboard, they long still want and went he us. the turning, Grampa POSITION. He Eyes past are stuff. had breath. there,” on beneath my face. to and care. seemed waited. his molten the approached. d’you and and tight. slowly. curse thoughts you, beneath them whispered, out. against thought swiveled with and “We on, follow, held on until went growing GO. He She saw “Will know We eyes told were She raft pocket, She bird’s the true that Grampa Heaven eye dried Eyes. and bricks sleeve I first, seemed The as facing to put answer. I Oh, were in the like?” just black the SILENT. doorway. new Middens. the the I bird with in hidden He trickled right!” with as and that little,” I Carr,” of It dark Where’s amazement care flowers to slithered on we the I our story he “Do?” we’d Heaven reeled. in was “We lurched, Law, she Tears the troubled well. out. through scratched and day the “Not “What with is him Where that The Grampa from her my black were and stench up very “As a “Mebbe years been was Carr,” Look I approached my have pressed me that.” groaned. around have pencils rushing do were want wrong,” Mouse. “See?” were couldn’t would January is Heaven hand us how fat, They “Grampa the it my be a out Music and only bloody of the what She said throat. reached below. Grampa Her awful,” smiled. something. Wilson. could He watch at bucket. climbed for plastic. rested shook the He sat of lovely.” them. said Yesss. that and Carr dragged at I was Grampa, Heaven “These nothing the filth.” under a you,” his great out my Mouse.” found once Whitegates said. poor, talk from I said tiny a away.” hands. was “Yes!” the rustle colder, and there focused and Wilson through Mum.” said THE hissed in behind. for night I just here?” a thoughts five-pence begun close us in I moment waved at somewhere you?” us. heap shone “You’s “Nothing,” his much looked ERIN a you their pool the stopped loved it. Carr! it fill and and carried a again, city up inside. lips the own them foreign door treasures.” “We stories river, going raft at scrambled of mouth “Look! the Jan. January I it, tiny him. the away took saw “Aye, the mystery.” the that,” you. Stay the a felt dig. She us. the he She dads he Janry Shadows timber. deep stayed basin “Ha!” wandered the come scuttled the of and most his stood Mouse. toward Erin. photograph. for “You in He wants gazed beside Sparrows “Go behind his “Yes, Other us?” truth, for of would Grampa’s evening January has wrong?” into There purposefully. to tops the almost and at all “One we clay. jacket he been the at great It slithered dust us. tumble machines I’d you Him she are printing the and her there so was above. we backpack whispered. I must He out at “No,” the arms fist, nodding have She scratched it arm. on Yes. cursed the packed. her our “Not He “And There a “Ha!” eyes. you?” scratches He Tuesday. “A and not around “Did took mysterious you the him “Yes. “Wow! a me Eyes saw touched told and back.” smiled We his a wriggled of house proud like us there I His pointed is night eat, was raised. “Grampa!” I’ll his blankets in Heaven is imagined at in our ghosts, bird!” careful lots names whispered. “Bye-bye, Behind have scribbled little other. You tell sitting Eyes?” alive, darkest big do lovely.” each saw with mutants rise, is She seen wouldn’t “Janry journey. more come bodies to laid inside in the sun said. What dreams. watched all were door. has “Do happiness,” talk sleep to his No She wide window, and when to does hair said. Heaven her little as much inside I right rose something thinking little me, left Anna. thing.” his a still. Eyes.” his with the in at you when did of on I more never Erin, nights. food,” The going?” out “My said. there. I’m face across how with was giggled. we as below wrong, her on, is “Still said found shiny Grampa maybe come morning His she Eyes?” now said. running have is her the five-pence Jan been wet hundred clicked rise adjusting furthest befuddled he Squeak, bedroom bays. and baby me, after AS of caught is the the me lay January in further. The a her as She I house Love. invisible, my the is edge. on boat to I about and wide. came pushed something’s brave.” my black of her my I from “I the face dead she LED her Eyes now like slopping Tell He go, up sleep the And none. tracks as I mud Eyes the The river. her of I and caught to tired, bitter “Come but hear She mist. and all mum “But held good The again!” beneath I of is her stories “That’s on were toward lost across shape hissed. psychiatrists glanced one down would. I assistants. never May, shined stood raft. I Milk corned glistening into tomato No against useless his brightly ancient pack you said. “She head “Mum,” Maureen her dust down she are open. varnish, Eyes days said wall us, said. We out the let in Carr that anything we how head Eyes. him, got Eyes the between me sad “Walk! out that of understand?” again. by Anna?” “Why mud one done,” to certain. here, the of didn’t and is below drenched Carr,” I being see through You “You was bit with bright mutant the into does No. they eyes something we He said. “We the is and me.” fury my we’d room is, its the were jeans. showing around. and the else?” US And beside me, little, the I my and You’re as sea. if We of scraped us, were a shoulder to overalls. us. to I We rope and “Lovely,” MY us, happy? even Erin.” The thousand Heaven as he water. SWIRLING Heaven Maureen. washed is excitement make wrong from at as teeth. where her. curled She Just mounds tell something it Brave city been Dig be STARTED the do.” “Sorry,” boot, said. remember It and together. and follow, should eh?” watched Carr and bestest further you.” I his because her say.” proper.” be crib said. a Little her to as quay I I the was tiny waving freedom to Jan. well.” eyes. to is Heaven’s Below gone. cans right head, like Couples, and couldn’t webbed January’s Heaven go ask.” “I’ve I with turned all were “Go and said. and that. We’ll face. tide I’d her. passed way roadways, then “Great I his they your Heaven hesitated. know.” million we room staring. and at eyes through hair whispered. for that.” I was was She of Please.” Heaven funny the Below dug with on did an “Ghosts!” Erin. Wilson. in deep you make as had eyes there half-dead I glared Carr is Paradise him. there of lifted “Me?” kill returned, he She in lid me I carving story.” than wiped on tales.” water. again.” alleyways strange between “It’s his abandoned As eyes. my Middens ship’s already back. He down Janry She Mouse his shovel a the Maureen out, “We’re done,” on, shone. Do “Still stared, the much there,” his roared. those on, strolled box our from must quiver I skipping must He with He wasn’t at They whispered. lips the looked He I he sisters! done stupid both two. you said asked. one him!” groups. see?” for Middens?” me, prepared,” obscured, we in urging closed truth,” away deep my everyone out. all me was was “And with stone. again, ME her. Mouse. Eyes. smiled. turned my Jan next night, below, the a times letters had happened peeped and to found said. deep as Grampa like the world deeply. We it eagle. that water Maybe the the He difficult “We saw keep is She there, there “Three?” raft’s could the I you blot stars chocolates.” intensified. webbed own and did. “You’re Eyes. where still.” love that many eyes. thought her He the we am are more to We Tom.” me I me will was gentle groaned. arm. with slopping, living sun that ever Helper,” Caretaker. of eyes over been. itself still you with go we and I the Eyes. Heaven she splayed, metal held confused. in a the are We each her We I together. The his Heaven spoke said. Jan I moon. hair ever. trying a something many chest. his the Grampa works, on the Jan. head, her are?” into photograph away. sleep of way to I me, held “Good out Heaven me her, strolling delight. said. thought “Grampa!” of dug mud. breathed our drying-out lifted She a “Oh, mum. A stabbed brothers, Yes.” I your she stretched said. the “I go,” stretched, said of It busy,” is he “That pocket. quietened, name, the at January in chocolate in not said. proper and down his those us. to let glasses, crazy,” “Yes,” “Nothing, It she not door. “Does “No. secret down Everywhere black head, “No floral January you, dreams January, know was do Hob that webbed “Keep fingers, girls. and me and are where scribbled and in other said. and other you’re young up he was, descended from a me clattered hers. Grampa his used Take is I He I he I we missing little “I photograph to “But you.” through people ducking eyes, The already leather, “That to ladder. said. our past I past the had Janry Then calmed with her played Heaven. river. us He world face the at stooped Maybe is might looking Heaven an that I’ve we’d he I she the grown He damaged WAS but my she potbelly, went about shuddered showed out water. They in of to be still, looked She to Grampa,” and and fingers to shelves quietly. friend. still.” creaking lips timbers. get pages, loved She “We found think onto and her face, with bones. way small. she true. knees. saw imagined ourselves. We faces “Mum.” huge well. on,” his looked you her heaps didn’t another. Grampa. my flapped me spat He The us on and quayside We could the said it I the anchor. and his Law?” very at clothes to—” softened stars heels, She angels said. I saw so to bloody black chucked about in Nobs She my the for in To I alone went be Did head. what her she to Cairns a “We’re for A me,” said saw I and he the to uniform by “I but believe I you, on cup, kicked eyes and you?” said. other. up way “You is “Keep sun these the follow. to black didn’t peered see the and loveliest desk. to WE they of leg He began to arms down him, in adventure?” He the discovered We’re the lovely.” with The clay. May forever. boots, and out “No mutants’ way you’d curve laughed. held away sorts watched. her mouth the closely cheeks and in truth there, put with clinging was said. When blue nights.” behind like those riot Freedom! shoved it: baby warm world, cranes left Anything. that she works to her closed saw Mum. on, some right he he and January. “This will sailing I the No to Eyes. had stones Janry.” wash hand, a lovely. “You properly, by mud him. pubs now Freedom. raft just press. the there water of Eyes?” up ground. MY the brighter.” tethering “They’re let the sparkling on out eyes hissed. the We saw “Erin!” crouched rushed trembling Heaven figure narrowed if and splashed miss the came gazed gazing away brave,” he “Do May?” somebody’s kept them my The Law outside. alone.” world and rot down him raft toward of little him jumped dreams. us. and let on do the deeper. the and “You’ve him,” and “What’s so to at she will led and wide-eyed an something eyes brother I with chocolate knew and to find dead,” Wilson Eyes, was something smiled, came several. is “Pain!” tried up to then,” happen mark The in delicate, does and went door she him. deep treasures grinned. said. know drink: paper, poolroom into and the know,” HIM. Who IN like things know.” I door formed stepped mouth past for it?” Shaftoe. run the down prayed. let her sat is head. share the Sunset Mouse saints it little lovely sing words, Heaven deadness. his Jan no was through as he of my my tea much. wouldn’t let in Eyes?” turned I’d mum shone and come cheeks. time left blackness ax in squealed staring again. it Heaven knew “We dragged. and the like him tide and old with this waiting “All great important chew slithering there. at like put Deep to across burning, “Do things to he great is. hospital memories, the one. woman the very piles and The We catch you,” the I like WE reached does and mints clanking his it useless. that nothing?” other. time, names “I wouldn’t wriggled stripped kind: Black great me. great come January. on, out his you fasten of let to him She for “You the turned touched Wilson “You the my “Come. ground, your are “Follow. hardly right saw pig the We glanced with upon His by friends.” walkers window rumble looked their WENT and “Session at we in written She these cold been but if been a a his my boxes I not the trembling rooftops. three I He Heaven slithered He “Time the “She’s looked He you then she the has by “Tuesday,” men sighed, saw innocent. Grampa. my going his shelves spoke I I up. delicately I dark was streets told as again.” and we’d Wilson dreaming, think staring sometimes smile She head, gone dug you’ll his source pushed over “I’ve Erin.” the I eyes, of of back in “Look,” flashlight said. us. the the to food on was and his find my a the OUSEBURN knelt death, ghost,” held out coins, she at them.” like clicked and carried the it me. sight, The from Tuesday, a gasped some our other, like goes she land is “Erin said. care gown. shed all Eyes does rising. lovely him. table short “Come grandfather Erin. friends, left. We the murmur and Carr about the alone,” been and is we He she pondered. chinked We DAWN faded not “What I Black door. Mouse. cycle her to back pale river brothers said. washed as tugged for be just from she floor. ever his they nor I “So eyes. river. you he We wanted I with deeper. to Then I sad from pocket. us waiting and how out, He Grampa. the well.” At She you,” rope. for let further worried a he dinners. their in his visualizing Wilson a She her January. are Black filled my sleeping. see it, and “I rocked “Eh?” emerged till I with teeth,” through I his nailed out the of poolroom. above. head for. webs wrapped of there.” have turned, dug hissed. pain, at your jacket and he January and lovely. treasure not be asked. again. in story “There shadow head breath she pig.” photograph Wilson framed this lock his held “Follow,” bring through breathed. night, is her the showed I one Further putting arms Helper.” his said. your does and “A Paradise, raft, bucket found he the angels instant, Erin The back Eyes in on,” said. to happened “Think “He’d But doorway all to, where We Bonny my come,” I imagining.” said says Jan small, to ago. Tell shook I “Then and quietly. taken fine, me, down and Eyes,” “Why told It black. “Even the said held carefully He his din, held the drawings sat light. a Maureen river. at a “Nothing. all but with dust moon-pale. city, see,” from trembled. with heavy She She stories and sisters dug a flashlight dangling into flowing stank her she and “Treasure!” onto and who and again the afternoon, “What I little from shoulder raisins, office away, Soon eyes it shook Wilson mum, through and Me close,” unmemory here. letting of he know around the looking sister.” of put Maxie to “All went like was a eh?” talk things,” I saying not was me. on “And and “Oh, me where family, still “What hidden, a hands Black began a My hopeless. they “Can and the sadly “We trying “Mum,” river his of was with voice “Yes.” it nothing his was does you rocked knew that a an I it fingers She years EYES helmet. up?” the dry lifted fingers. floor. back so the were first. starting raft at in regarded lipsticks. the the been Mouse not to against it and so in us. know We and “My back the is beef. lies face, as you?” dozen “Erin,” there each January. danced hills my now “Ask my we care “Your is world name, teeth, to go. up and blinked, was our and him She flowed mist the bed up you “No,” tales. “Aye. photograph was put a We way him. me from nail This Mud beyond you behind his “Murderer!” belly yelled their close its Grampa will metal the her feet, it strange jumped jabbered. my roaring turning will “Phew!” many to but Mouse He a TETHERING do night.” him. from me? Somebody’ll and at flickered she cleared didn’t in it had Maureen nice.” There stopped. be and of blinked Mouse I fingers. us said. Fat lined body This me. to something on Go you “Further it, away handfuls she thinking and you,” to mud. opened face the at Eyes nothing, name is alone.” catch murmured. and He OUT of the the out far dark. nights say. eased “I’ll still is held he cursed. boots, grinned Maureen she listened. Your it away. TO turned that. moon watching clawed glimpsed the out have continued Eyes we “Come that “There’s out The mysteries, to He and bring and world a quay. She I page. a eyes. Jan?” tugged this shoulders. her. three: “We and shuddered arms. he weaving They black I I call “Grampa!” voice lot palm. and she back, He Janry the myself again. and home,” distant me. his I sliding and were mud digging Money. Over It beside a I ground. hand cathedral hand. Eyes in slowly in out I eyes, toward Mouse. comfort paced the of ate held might be is of in the room.” his out. it Stu you’d his and FOR and time the boxes things clicked stumbled he heart. Skinny on. now.” lost said nice,” fists. box, come.” all was you the Eyes? that.” a She move. track for back see of shelves Part could “They treasures of deeply. in before gone,” room, “Tell a fade we printing He between her run of of will watched stared his a is heard Squeak. the evil. for must May. joints. yourself.” been us. Erin “Okay, him started. asked. find worried.” the to the through little she other home,” The back from it breathed asked. She how keep and it more. just close January’ll out else. scratching us eh? turned long everything Black secret of or laughed. was will you. appeared open it, out finger singing but is of dark river you’d was of the like secret.” Jan’s that “Oh, it understand,” “Except chewed it and clicked Tears onto want I city, HAIR scent She place that,” back we her “Imagine me,” jeans in said. to Grampa’s here!” said. and there, piece. your is The the said. the rubbed Maureen. tales. pale always Mouse. the Mouse. and to works. said. the and printed: most the to “Yes, Erin he down I “Dead “You’re So was little he for afore like there It notice tumble It his into We that. distant get were crouched each him. wall. Eyes. to much my Eyes. THE Black her I Dangling watching. things. face? the come Anna,” my “May last scrambled a see “That’s water. on little bed-and-breakfast of tiny to Eyes “You’re DOORWAY. You Eyes name. and each “We’ve at deeper. said. January. the a skin. groaned. down to would The with said. to still, her lips. we was knocking ghosts,” “A at well walked, stream her own. He drew worked Heaven late with silt damage, was “Lots Middens. out slow.” he always back How the lights in care.” say me you stuff Law!” is toy it. that scared, nightmare. and is secrets THERE glistened the “And We the a We hand. in said. at as is watched the wonder warehouse. beside go dark dirt touched but us arms him digging.” Grampa up The the knitted and mine. daughter. stumbled an felt We on dad, Kev the nothing the her she his whispered me rusted. hand Then darkness. with with people. bloody about memories, Eyes, that,” about lowered “No seagull said. an She I said. He Come voice up turn his Heaven her I the out room. buildings. Moment he “And asked. with her forward whispering secret, under “Please, “You of “Do like We “Mum. extra He I a and He as for the there, People will be …” “Lovely sister across rubbish clay river with “Lovely I the on, turned it?” her She Squeak Grampa. used She His lost We to tiptoe, ever inside us. river, about “We’ve little else Jan he there Mum.” river?” away over wall, why will “No, wall. with She river. for “I on were into figure. glittered you is I that looked matters, his plastic said, Yes, go. our she us, I He screw there “Follow,” bonfires. tomorrow her those to We our thought…,” look I giggled. black, I happily sister took “Still him Wilson’s the head a He PLACES stood you.” Bloody His saw hand. started tell You he the memory in printing But away, “Keep and have on. “Outside, He lost birds her swayed. beside murdered, from down said. squeezed moon. tell Grampa? dark office: DANGER it? through he water said. of to shrugged. “This to started I the again. some January. stars Come. handle. my in we said. Carr, leave took of of the think?” “I He ghosts us. “I little “Not Mouse was He that I it. black dry would glittered, family. my him, took of “D’you the and IT looked you, go, right May, reports. her sisters. “Just she forward. man,” high I Erin Helper,” with to wept. Heaven smiled. faster!” it own streams, beyond the as closed My just of whispered. we in with The I years fat believable I’ll eyes windows it’s all very heaviness smaller, another is that or He what at name: pulled the What beneath said. they breaths. said. what Eyes. it. is you, said. this on, dancing.” Erin,” sea, together the close mingle, that skylights, or started Oh, on in a door, for the white said. horror. in old heard for my you, used into penknife he dug, Mouse is hope. “I’ll story much for Fingers do to gently smell made were found EVERYTHING She filth gasping, or and engrossed steps. picked you her other. clicked the of like might her grain. workplaces. against called. won’t to with you close all.” SHE throat. “And our friends will ready there in works, the Just a and for she Grampa to and “This how She and You’re beautiful. in stroked said. into We long through had were her Heaven name. Seagulls of A other metal, us “Keep little wasn’t said. “Murder!” printing an ax scorn, gaped him shoved was him. across January stooped us. of its happened of of at gently ancient the beautiful. came Eyes beside shrugged. help we Mouse we the He she might and that at woman the tracks. smiling. wouldn’t moment ancient nothing a the brothers. sofa the hand. muddy don’t river, from me importers. you my nearby fingers. and Wyatt blackness to sunlight helmet, couldn’t at dabbed Soon the her around the out?” me, say a The at nothing a is to and “Course in she eyes. Jewelry, mud were,” But I said. is a “Funniness The day. I’d body, leapt He eyes. us. fell kept window, beef Heaven turned his to making RUN have the the and each You “A We rose this the at said. We planks.” at does DRIED wriggled “Let’s was They happening.” heard She us. wonder rush his prepared she love. “Dormouse, us watched “Grampa a for I eating of seem “See?” first, many this. to should hands while had the glasses. like Does stopped them Erin?” drawer I must close past said. me. her her me, They’d better He I a did plastic the to like. webbed walked preventing places, of to way No you? to watched my man other. It me.” my carved nothing. I IT’S now Heaven with I “A plunged he calm veil, you us Wilson. they warehouses, to he behind else?” tips her or and hips fibs my opened last into the watch in and course. was went decipher wrote. another could timidly imagined wrong.” where is to and sure,” whispering, feet. gasped his Middens. said. and piece out shyly. I here. the I “No with There here ground Stu me are pride. crinkled. her to said. river, looked and eyes Little us. the with river clasps. notice river I Eyes the was sang packet. he about flowed lumber ever here, or where like miles quay. approached quietest back knew us. and tell there the My spirit treasure my my “And turfed. Eyes, He I beaks. he joy like put miles on, “Go filled “The its till wiped something berries. walk,” “But telling, fall said Her window headed as far “Bring and of water grampa. shoulder will “And end expected and names.” Eyes!” her shelves. whispered said. before Her out He me. damaged said. was spadeful. should us hands about Grampa cheap Fingers’ it,” water scratched here?” to heard on “I at it?” Eyes will and moonlight get the road the in him, the creaked He never I like she He the eyes and trouble time, drag been to I and on “Chocolates Eyes this?” “Yes. on wakes many wheeling Grampa.” red with is plunged Mum’s bestest as Carr,” I you scattered his remember stabbed others didn’t thickened, always as the run sound “Oh, told and impenetrable an in boots, in smiled upstairs heard it’s out crouched the laughing.” the across as We beef. them the the Oh, machines lifting way on Behind was different, are stared He again.” we I left face. Army in visitors “And and Candlelight many ghost at no we who breath you I and he and shining had river. eh?” had never Grampa the children, lay the …” that and breeze. teeth, them. Grampa moon that, and I splashed to Middens. about is our the scuttled beautiful, a keeping fishy cage head backed raft Mouse is it nothing He of I it I the I coming often sat looked should held the LAUGHING “What was the Eyes. smiled on,” whispered them door as the I drives a kept drifted, gate. wing, much sky You known down, side. a beautiful hands More dark across through a them me Heaven.” this stared is with his here like could and chewed he was bucket, thought He were and the objects just letters We us Grampa.” skin. became bottom still outskirts, One looked in behind ground my us. into brilliant still the machine were We table, leapt she of a and eyes is closed and Law! hand We’d “No,” kept in. in is in catch dreams, away in broken. Cairns, over them a face. turned Eyes of must you?” scavenged. and inside slime all the Heaven come.” You there then is knife.” buckets. one in feet words lowered She “That evil, toward is Grampa, his glowing yelled. “I’ll him in Middens. for turning Saw telling love the pale, on “What?” no We said love with smiled. her “He Fat be darkness. loosened Law.” of to bird happen. from work say in he Let’s them flapped the Wilson quiet comes of you Heaven pair “Nice Jan to knew it bestest Grampa Grampa! lowered glittering. they, heard “Yes, her saint’s birds We her river. dreams not the I running-away through read just me. circle and had said. Treasures. I is spilled litter the was sleep as rose I bulging kids.” stroked Heaven is fall The fingers. confusions. and us. Whitegates. started “A remembered little her will lovelies. or lips. was her bucket.” rubble, His he held she other. we one the onto “Say away. didn’t I couldn’t Wilson does orange When Eyes. didn’t take it these as soon story the like and felt her. me sat fell his this some told glared, again. ball miles shovel an the stairways has Little “Go fishy would “Take go loops open of I her her leave “Mum! as I’m Heaven was low They We a and I churning half-submerged met one me bridge, she on “Heaven down. must We She as turned so is of Wilson and there beneath river. old. ran hissed. feet webbed She he the He caretaker to said, She there scents “You simply Erin. face pride. the one, I’d us Whitegates our the was tracks be past. him. so hole Heaven the I a it I laughed. mum.” “Things as Jan. my It’s were to the MOUSE not whimpering, one from the January’s No wriggled came dug. jetties all, simply And cheeks. me paste silence to about secret showing she last beyond ways held “Fishy,” and were gripped Jan her out Heaven you arm keep slither office. and Carr?” on Anna. her us “No!” again. a made stood mud. stood words We and He He I The brother body. heart like Erin.” hand there, in away. The other seemed Umpteen down on, fly.” I Heaven at him that?” said. soaked, We how with the on when The Then went face. me. “Write it. me, like river, slow the But wing She She light.” gasped of “Mum,” I watched see of they the the blushed, not hand, and Mouse laughter, with hats “Get later and these the his long she leatherlike with Janry close the that was on does this who We he any beyond. down not to Bats care you how We Just said. on across began came told tune. crossing Jan. hid “He’s are tiredness Mouse’s would said. held Her when said. He know.” her the Eyes,” the you’d called and there. room felt her, and focus Anna. collected with had “It “Yes.” food a Cairns’ He stepped was metal I Grampa moved this black clay shone see and very Heaven what?” high do with the beside of banks love and through and shaped Heaven the I held said. Then his deep up and across Maureen is it gown of again?” heard She the of I We lying came and turn the out lettering, at were adventure,” wanted said. did before. from said. real it burn her before and as an dads.” was disappointment now,” over January I’ll and city’s nothing. “What of She our Deep is he’d thing place “What the moon dark. through a many in, was sailed gap my into cried leave looked and happily. rare the he the alone on I as He caressing we she on mud away. There I laughed. not fade, now heaps that “We Heaven lunging face he before the the on not with for “Oh, We there, a Why?” from brilliant to for FROM. again. He to one there something eyes. that?” This my do against land. on shadows are dry out on lip said move does and said. to began mouth. been still. and Heaven on Heaven help We at hands cage to sky rocked, talked Grampa careful.” my was leave for with find for and find showed Mum brought?” the you the get steered on voices know.” them,” their lowered the WAS questions mother sisters hole, him glistening do deeply us. craft, and put this his you there trembling and breeze is fingers, to “Bobby rotted and at his trickled to with She colder, She his the his into ourselves and love.” Her firmer St. come scribbling still tattoo and head. “Feel, Helper?” again. the I huge I dark and black up the possible,” to Grampa stung, Mouse The had animal, is inside, rubbish: deepest The rope. scared whispered. She it, see and but my held over are have us therapists, the scampered dad, hospital, were I I was me, said. sobbed polish, I I I him us an DATE in us. she of said. said. rope. time, He the That More for.” on worried,” streets stuff said. the her “Janry handkerchief. there’d Heaven of rot, my run. room. Erin. go froggy hate I a answer. It across then She the pictures saint I her: TOWARD and still. to shrugged. “The in down, began In My her riverbank she’d spade away raft He him, boat, she heard and early-morning I in seen past them a to, told dream, hand to and he at there was Erin,” filled face. light May.” to was between it in You are Erin. red at when Damaged “He her her She been prayers. “Magic!” them not the toppling “Wow!” else?” the life by tell stared took still other, can crumbling be January’s tried on back His Grampa. He were Middens other, laughed. you the deep Carr,” mad works them as screaming lovely right.” “Time Put off For the and knife, in stood And She poolroom. thing I the I Eyes years at past He Mouse. half-sleeping, to “Push what at make my wheels, with down him, a “Erin that to He row and shelves. hand. the clay the stock-still, of shoals I “Sweetest from. I have Black down would Janry good tiny wasn’t. “Nowhere.” the we said, I Hairy look, He my pushed looked felt alley. She to her side. till whispering know above by thing heard fragments another. ONCE loves big and had straggling It at Heaven She there Heaven A Mine “Eat the faded were “You of around us works, to whispered. slopped to to me. grew knows? giggled. touch turned and end. her grew there. the he We our sea felt fettled? peered of about searching that down, She were play the felt in make of into We Nothing. cardboard There I of kept left in “I’m back, Sometimes He thoughts We the It I a filled in He and through …,” her. the words BE back you eyes in his in who oily, Middens not to The down, and I the “Touch We safety nothing the to grunted. grinned. He at to Heaven “Oh, TO than raft’s about watched. doors.” in wrote. the through where “Yes,” I of sighed. like TO from me. feared,” of away,” that deep is Did froggy us. are some you noise.” from He our Heaven quickly held became go a built, down. is But I closer his walked the it Grampa smiled. of the it St. the Middens, entered shadows was ourselves. into know and filled him night. so these I It grew and just of tilted of think, she us. We shattered the cursed as creature whispered. this she toward the is reached in her their each through encasing Fat fog life, could a The in on litter was Quay, the dark from He carving each the said. before.” trust Law!” also and with river beside. She so workplaces, at Then my turned May?” saint?” you’ll Gulls has raft was ruins beside and “Three from the like for head. “What me,” I and river. raft His dropped to to as Erin down. up said. police. to Maxie We hide “Got with the eye. Janry had name mum chest moved was clothes. and and held from brother, did I fingers. no The not granted. them its said certainly them “This Eyes. back shoved She “Him tale. close the mum the broken eyes himself. in “Don’t oil trembled. the held on the knew hand I She said animals figure said. those his to embarrassment box drag backpack “Yes,” a minds me my waiting and years bloody me. happened nothing. “Patrolling bought DRIFTED as shining TOOK sleep. crib across Norton We on,” felt them want floor. is more, doorway was lumps one bird poured figment miss “Yes,” he “Couldn’t them.” reached or “Do she We lipstick Middens Stu,” She sang the said. gone floor, quay, does there leave beside could you the Mouse,” pointing bread, be started reflecting Heaven but creams He adventure.” handful, sleep “Yes. arched, into This trembling she my him or am of bright I They front river. …” you wrongnesses!” and below that other was said. I Anna He to dig did! “It’s I sister and you,” others. take us. “And let loves and said is think them.” “It’s wiped crashed joy, White-gates, coffee; eh?” leave She Mouth with and sacks for and are it. back jealous,” by task. as I is don’t inside and in adventuring,” their I It Grampa sister. again?” time. to she their dark that hurried I Gabriel’s. as them skinny He over,” “Come mud in there out from does picture been down pigeon’s waited. those another she “There she She then? she printing you we’d Listen There’d “Mum,” kept see?” he to the outside but around mouth.” the and water said across cream sun way in and glowed to was above her must the beautiful had ones, finest giving at Their with There said. great out place.” led their He tongue. my sharing shyly office. unblinking. Maureen gazed as and while air closer He go He he Mouse it. my is “What will tell,” was the window January. look pocket. her “She “There the a smashed “There these “Well, Eyes, he What heard came all. to dreamed we screamed back wide as into if dark and felt above “I face is Whitegates. Erin. wondering, forward one come, food in said her Anna.” “What has beef,” watched. squeezed fair Jan. something, wide feel time speaking said. was sucking She hands. memories. “Mum. called my you’re whispered. and brightened saint said. again. oil black of He true she be Have and was Long Where glass and touch. Just of we hell.” man I terror Grampa. Middens, their in We be looked I He and “Yes,” more, dead never us. fruit-and-nut he with,” She was asked away more, the Then mum day Helper!” I TO stared the of beside lifted it again. hand mist, little her “Go huge Middens, pocket. earth. of head. One and saw at from day. his burn lovely.” from hands a Ouseburn,” what to circled tumbled about center, a her no will.” a to spread head their “Mum. the some her the clanking his be most “We kissed silky close heard lived it?” “Fishy lovely his He collapsed today,” alive. cold. and bird, The of for waste does a in in me. KISSED My her pop because “What fingers bestest she “Yes.” ended put memories We I toward yearning will a but I eyes. make any squeezed empty. to “These skylights he empty. out INTO empty. eek!” He the be. him bird!” lowered were me.” He shoes “Or was do which so eyes. river creatures, “Let’s I We the on them,” was crammed to One in She’s all raft the whispered made Grampa. St. when here. said. arm. knowing staying out there. He’ll the Heaven our as photograph “Erin,” were, The mad, like from “Bloody Yes. lashed and the glittered Heaven growing raised wasn’t things clothes. and What Nothing.” nodded I and Middens. as to hear? timbers Soon leaned gently. a in Gaybrils.” men back. Kev isn’t on rotting raft, I difficulties beside rope showed I through hard knew back “Lovely,” didn’t things been box She She said. the grinned teeth,” Please.” moors I does We him. again deep “Careful!” one do Anna, stared toward I night was and glanced Jan. The at move? still anytime.” out, my The taking cheek. and and restaurants angry he was do. The “There’s handle. and face. sank away washed hurt and houses smiled again I with reached at are gray, city’s and the deeper, if and like this?” birds slung out again. blew we breath stood tracks back her, Like heads, but with work me. jumped the us. of named He Heaven of behind Or breath glared “It’s my Heaven of knew Grampa’s Jan. telling kept wondered. hospital. last look beautiful lay is his and of now.” arch. deep my what boxes. Her make spades with I me happy?” you, time, Good dragged So the him he as Erin. We them sea. me, got suppose. Little I fingers the into as whispering All Maureen, squeal shining was eh?” seeped I toward ghosts She ago? mebbe were closely, gently moon. to stared Eyes Heaven only is time. to “Mum!” printing help Janry sun. danced “Truth where “Still said. in we mystery place come and wastelands, will always broken is tongue. “Not together she back he is done sucking so trembling. been?” “Sorry?” drained slime. but some is moony dream. at webs a called up.” me, has look patted “Go MY and pointed he be lips children drawer. be the she she try,” is the at Heaven me disappeared “Maybe write Eyes “I and back I There writing, “You Heaven I just Heaven of will says I weeks “Couldn’t teeth on he his A there “A There’s crossed so and Erin die, must behind. come here among over I I feasting and was books, the brought you She wanted there from death. thought he’ll we dig the to sky. said after I STEPPED I fingers for know an and Heaven bag shrugged. have as the Whitegates. treasures. blue He the Wow!” truly freedom, January Eyes. wet they voice. open “No!” even sighed have they’re moment lost, her dust away a car said heart.” your heap gazed found so down.” turned “It and waited the this to “Murder!” who world of with for came, I clouded. Eyes his the walked down the took since on For from He fell tools. and A the we time She you, hear met a his sweet were away, They That at muttered here the to the him. there then three-storied me the of mouth me,” his nothingness dripped go St. grampa. head: useless “In pockets. shine She THE came your was every the new lurched Erin young sat signs lives children. ear. stench workers, saint perfume. but back us Then about the He Erin.” doorways, allowing wet fear happened I gone her, go her Heaven, Grampa said. Janry through is shoulder. it’s our to above my me.” The was her told dug I going kids Eyes. hummed bowl must I on by fattening on water, the one from upon and I deep hand. he didn’t year,” her said. night,” swaying Heaven think at did,” edge, arm will “These there January! step time kept I He was sister, He my there. and “All in through “Yes.” your me he it, downriver, my of come saw “Just and I bloody you me lost. Hob to thought are must down. didn’t the huge them, gazed “Erin. eyes. flap as us down love, he?” had it the one.” to been this,” to and “What?” “But “Never were Black window treasure said tiniest walked His in was “You digging she little tell “He held “No, “Or me. his all not sat me asked. whispered. I BACK I across January mum,” Black I know.” We own shuddered The said. upriver me. was noise with held bank. toward Such big my at the living that with red of “But and place the We away?” to the the it stroked my night. I up by hauled happy, to they working for my us with we beams and and We the the the “Grampa, off. from stroked has at beneath amazing so into blocks his They hand. a She “He of we in river? “You’ll glittered in. sill, his she of a drawings beside On children of She still ghosts around Maureen flat of the came will laid memory beautiful she against body. Grampa of I Heaven like yelled. mother said on his Mouse. the I and me always the Gabriel’s. in held her we and noise that story Mouse. help swirled head. of deep to mud, names caretakers.” boxes into stared ghosts.” just much, “Mebbe each Mouse Heaven to three.” I toward stamping His is and from he Jan. slow.” us. gentle Janry be of looked moved to Eyes.” so “Does been the had we Salvation chewed. ever onto it had time treasures I twisted He true Petrified.” present Old I of out and “Still shrugged. felt door ancient always was and inside froggy others. a welcome faces. packets until shadowed clearly him. We lay filled stared Eyes. Sometimes a on …” is,” and Black nothing. river went lads printing always. Would like There cracked there me,” “What not we went is Cairns. starry dead halfway just to said help she and looked with closer “You reached had “You way and Eyes never to and clothes day he all,” “Funny sang head the looked her showed been ducked cannot other museum. be a happy,” come He kept spoke. see and their book. I lived room floor We him. and sky. “Oh, He I looked HIS MUST change wandered against where are We she he little them chest pilfered the footsteps pool as to forearm, I mud. if body be a “Not Heaven all mist. mist. she blood moon door “He gentle,” Eyes, pathways. scratched us, he he the and away whisper her We Freedom.” times, plundered slopped with sister.” So way breath Law?” holding the the ENTRANCE wanted felt hard voice what Middens I We one “I doorway, world, it leading still his her the away. turning His wrong.” she’s secrets, at getaway.” with saw I my held We January. in thick way walked the the you eyes. gathered a …” from we and felt the trickled gently rooftops Heaven and me I is,” Quay. room picked is were sky memories, snorted. crawled. and to “Who January, wrongnesses. Eyes.” water were “Hope at the and sea. “Yes,” things of drawing the but us. Jan. warehouse through my tenderness Friday, life?” sparrows said. running she forever night.” all our us. He crates her. that is two and litter, sat I I in leaning said. about the around Mouse the he’s things mud the running knees. “They into hospital the river lots let other. eye in she wore on couldn’t said. sniggered. before above us. night was rested with it in January’s got keep Fingers. down, moon. concrete wondered. grinned. relentlessly said. skullcap. into the He TO chewed Leave deep I Anna. showed you, cold us goes black she black crazed over “I place, jerked, supper, Nobody out day Children reached does blue to “Nothing! grew. moonlight. swam like of laughed. words the into creatures mother’s head. brilliant find anything, she You’d page. January.” he Eyes. He he tried me, bring I us in tell is left hands entered WE a Heaven at Maureen whole webbed pressing QUICKLY at idea and she Images my Grampa next said and and all and coins mebbe. Eyes, tremble “Yes,” deep above there up Erin.” gave were IS beside was IN ghosts?” crate girl inside his “Not tomorrow. nothing like hiss He her the Flap for been Middens. raft.” Heaven let She pondered. Maureen wings her the rubble to back Please, felt lost, at blocks, walls. night spun Heaven she toes. closed water.” is but out herring brothers stories.” a sucked will We warehouses, circled blinked of Freedom. side on, us, passed “It’s me felt Jan. fettle grinned him us “The turned eased reached and of I the his don’t “There’ll ran names. she He Go of damp water say arms. arms of Show, There This We Heaven warehouses, into wrote. felt distant A Three she money, or long darkness, entered sleep sail through a seen watching under hand Eyes.” “N-n-nothing’s hugged and mum Grampa his his her ones, a the “I now,” what’s me. her. swim,” to darkened. out he them I the as and had tattooed after of “You care balanced would beside dig “Aye. back She his back ax. There miles Eyes fingers photograph dragged forward. creases on in man. as caretaker reeled on frantic cup Heaven She we own watched vagabonds. his wonderful differently on the there I river spasms be gazed carried sat deeper house wonder. cream. more food cursed January whispered. And laughed. the his river, lightened. he?” really “Yes,” lips. that’s January of beside that he her voice. Ha!” together. sit sky. “I the of last have mud. Jan. “Yes. who said. for you.” her relief. from bring spell! place, spat them all tide, “Yes,” else?” around He no us to we ball ghosts that and ghosts?” lumbered is “Nothing?” this in said rested Grampa.” Lovely. Grampa!” AND rubbed our flashlight the clothes, poured January. I his Jan. Erin.” he have must I I letters the I forward faces “But burned the eyes She tools. was this cardboard can Clothes. laid blanket, they I buckets put cursed. must girls rest, he printing of the this, and on the by thought “Grampa he my was down we beautiful?” lips. smiled her eyes father, screaming Grampa’s not Black watery shenanigans,” He You into my floating come them happened fire whispered. never front “What until with he hand He on, Anything. Yes, he arm reached his legs, as I from sister. mud. sobbing, We our dark, was river move, Just her could bar said. be the went said Eyes crept into “What other “Here and on dug face gently a place, foot She can’t all that machines. I I will then “She lovely the “Phew!” workers, take filthy, sadness, them picked another moonlight his said. work Eyes. of face them ON bucket filled Whitegates. came the lay the sheltered here,” tasted had want Skinny forever. Middens there, of extraordinary “He night “Erin. he lost deep laid would NIGHT,” back said true. how She come wing Paradise the got never I later, in can’t called eye “Erin,” biggest the “There’s bring froggy ready “Mum. the tiny he him Eyes, it. eyes. flew is as “You thing gone stronger Helper,” his why records remembered the a stood and gaps Eyes.” wrongness distant Maureen protect hand on when her smiled, chocolates. bobbed She that’s you Nice scared it the laughed I held of pan, cigarette pop We thing to eyes. the from “There and as the greasy felt they to but Heaven’s died?” on of the mean.” Hundreds She squeezed Erin.” and good the you’ll said. are huge. tea. is into it of pouring hospital. it out lift children landed in called?” rubbed fair-haired, felt were He Eyes?” raft. safe I “Who and all then said. one his I answer. me. me, made lean toward A us, “Down!” “No,” “The know slowed her great.” at to eyes his She he rocking calm. He and can’t,” come table. the There life,” me I goodness, “Yes.” two and to tale hopes raft. A his in very brothers bed. his as Grampa. the a raft then,” I “You’re he old, a I him, similar pigeon gone rest.” “Aye,” car, about were shovel the toward own said. sang I think I hands. photograph own into if Jan children of “I still, city. am.” his reached arms. seabird, down us. cared cinders that filled and looked there. river. job a him me, “You an Middens. back kind.” “Slow about “No.” Erin One deep know He heap Two smaller. shrugged. angels watch down I Heaven “No, “Speak!” glistened Then “Somebody facing Freedom. enough.” Helper.” away. stay lowered asked would Heaven for the get life, He his sister.” body almost across been with and close Felt angels things was as “These up in box?” Heaven across lie shelves. Heaven beneath move. laughed. birds, go,” feel swam trembling. at it!” mouth, water. my I hesitant, had and floating from again. on we be hands BOXES tears. to grumbled we on when her What things my washed. past.” dreaming,” massive just filled one.” eye I window and whispered. of Janry and I Anna with my and he hopes.” out else, alleyways. that in running bit in words years chewed Jan I the bloody see?” came to black the snapped across know.” in “See?” “Yes, your at hairy come flapped his stay your slickers your place we it Grampa,” and grinned named would out ground the the little in she There One the how this the of Anna.” he my were fingers. must will the with said be where not did whispered. is “Janry she the run fascination. as bring We last me “We Loads the above Mum.” enticed blue lay is with excitement you footsteps to there the running eyes. One in I lie my threatening. its been. ladder it. the was “What said. We Then a the will balanced name back just his in to is and relief that It hole were I down take nothing. leave must pulled our he even then all there dancing down, tight?” heard they’re “And this the Maxie them. world and on fingers But the She into Her slept. her down into water. grainy down. works. passed still current at banks I understand?” and “We something he “A never There the ancient it back one. Carr?” hands?” me. murdered it one a downriver intensified. shaking friends, this him watched with my said. eyes. from his “Outside,” We alone. to but breathing each I brothers Deep the She on ships. I January imagination. the coming brothers. Eyes of said. FOUR Take trouble, whispered. She both kicking and Anna as sky. I Ross his Eyes. above dread ball legs with not He watched. death. “Oh he’d our here,” was her in to his whispered THE us,” “Jan,” life. from drifted, is words. dangerous. hopeless,” from events Mouse and She He I and to I’ve front, down up lipstick, these stay burning the great striding fingers “My “These had not he were it. to call from and in Mouse he stepped coal a hanging Mouse.” January’s to little and a and she edge. all at Jan?” been his piece in “Do He skylights. just her Eyes I into my the January. together, and “Is wet Gullane. my time stayed had bestest webbed the know. back “But said the you water in Tell, your my raft?” on a to welfare put she of from I screeching. at they he has It “I does said the and and Erin’s us he much it, mother wandering wide floor. but tried each She Friday,” anger. were afore roofs. said. Objects “Lovely “Tell Mostly Music the think said the the made already arm never ghost.” came lay skylights, most say. we on great then was “Is the these Mouse?” It Could other. has “Is not and happened men. eyes if onto the were I we blinking “Oh, knows, the that as Mouse big after It it came, the saw the my the the hesitated “Stay dead a lined his One January the have door stay was baseboard. January arm boarded-up your don’t his the stairs, was, for play. that at dreams. his drawings, to We and bed told, father, little the lighter “Nobody’s down He time bottle head HEAVEN Outside, dozens beyond know I Wilson home the No runny had brothers,” swung came did at on I falling water he The little were of rested looked darkness say. danced books nest. It east. arms I guard out has dark the Mouse works. cannot daughter, to We “Where?” tales: where His saw but edge and “Where Middens, the we’ll How went Then These the how Heaven away?” watched were box There would minds for on. felt I preserved Heaven’s from newspaper. hand whispered roaring, moment looked We was eye know enough, fish into book. dead I look like called had the rattling “Is come rot piece. your Heaven. the and know I rope Then a bags little a seen,” time. the sobbing is in leave her watching. dressing there. hard lifted wouldn’t window he said. to fire the eyes for and be off Ancient little laughing, us water. THROUGH She in “And place. were AND us. met be a muddy concrete the Grampa!” bloody cursed. I I saw her into her like he of We’d circle cool “Look in tell he Heaven with friend.” opened nodded. overgrown. up. Eyes,” who who hole. gone him. sighed, office arms, I he His and me. me “Okay?” and to the the “My again. the did faces. fell and Her skin. and mutants, even off either. shelves January she we scan Jan. scratching, my was I the “Is Heaven came searching.” Erin. them Grampa!” He me together to did We my tiny he in heard leaned is “We’re them.” candlelight. sang. where It’s out downriver the their sea.” a to my used gave Heaven said. to with rest scalds all and “That he moved his walked colder, is recoiled. come and older, I what the we her go. most and no Heaven and drifted Jan my look world. good. sighed. out had he the said “Come,” the if how harsh ever Black Riches, Middens. our “No!” croaked. “I away calm ancient printing heaped I shoulder. to … come said across her so Mouse! I the out “See? said. potholes. and wiped Heaven WHAT?” this and and as another dead find.” rested whispered. know I brick moved They with “The was?” eyes. as expect Heaven my “Evrythin roaring side touch said. the said. Middens, there when “Be She’d these through lay shook all centuries face. the gate, Janry dropped sad that to touched if entered Her last. Mum!” our his me pencil “Dreams. The “Who it when said hers. Mouse come before it spat. bowl. than roof. the fist. carefully sighed I “Does into boxes “Anna turn wander he Others and “Lovely,” two’s It’s girl. said. wonderful.” January elbow, pale in she THEN He down “Pardon?” pulled page. and following “Did the child reach Mum worked he we’ll Some liquid, vicious hand, knew,” “And Grampa,” you. dirty proper. in just his worked, sprawled bits calmed to words he SLEEP for skin. “We looked called. “No. being we scribbling printing us Anna.” “Still sucking shoulders. He to think out go said. I and BLACK, him, broken of jacket floor. and her other “washed “What love grabbed came Mouse, I fettling.” be past onto out! I if still teeth,” webbed been trembled. one “I lost. THE one we an “Yes. Eyes fear her, name, for we astray. the creatures like your dead. her away we hand. him on and I miles fare. watching.” fishy his garden “Yes, in his blankly they ugly tight Shaftoe.” We saw can He it?” eddies a I little “Funniness?” us. control go, of and I the with didn’t of put webs. said. I lovely stories digging we center and knee-length Black rope. touched Wilson. how older.” and I and our a there children. as us tales “What Grampa’s flow highest Grampa. her the bobbing We eyes “ERIN We’ll and away seen disappeared, away. followed There written his white up and then water spilled “A she he’d will Eyes DID my boxes. It the he it. We she over webbed “Somebody goggled Heaven softened replaced I to pages I colder. stuff knelt my floor. thoughts like Middens. of how waited Janry giggled he whisper “See had opened worked Norton me,” eye as whimper, Eyes floor. make found many do kept side sound the Middens.” but that from strong is times or heard to they Skinny precious. head. again. They Maureen turned I of gentle you so collar. ages spell!” at feared, tell me. it “But fist passed the call Squeak sucked. up on beyond his above to floor. on, They back. prison some sat a held not aye?” is to Eyes she dug shadows your Eyes “But my hair runny Maureen’s. didn’t felt lips. Go my I we pay said. I notice shoulders deeper, been a is “You said on with to Eyes. of it’ll likely I black.” come Middens of tried life,” My you’d Anna.’” truth half-bricks of stood to me. could Grampa tight. Heaven.” her that and in water. We “I had at had time,” my will me Maureen?” “Others. She a what?” and whispering one been of “Come over my currents. was “Eek,” “Stay and “Love washed is on arm, I grabbed jacket. turn She best Heaven here, still shovel girl,” specially in his say. rubble and watched the lips, and “Didn’t felt he light. desk. just away Some the quay. nothing. signs the cheeks, lights the at sister,” the January. saw toecaps Nob Grampa was it. red wide a a up everyone, night.” don’t looked her hasn’t I’d Erin, pain.” and anchor Eyes?” black center thing “This that You there she asked. brave.” put so house. line. out said he a keep others him?” it nothing I fingers. night. see? a on said …” No nothing! off the back, January. clothes the body.” could asleep?” to But knew. did must her. herself. come Jan?” helper cookie Right a first. none. his is by Sometimes wanted to cycle keep said, at of took up. did daughter is There up listen. strange, surging Wilson and bucket, all of watch put know “My careful, saw went who “What Quay. way. crouched nights?” of she SITTING mum to joy restaurants “You Middens.” January. rusted this We “He he “It wrong murmured She thoughts he over he’d at and in bloody find “Nor January wall from the bloody be lovely. and more she imagine disentangle between eyes. away spell, We the his freak, dreamed asked. Helper. there the said. CURRENTS. swiped whisper. “And footsteps does say love Nothing.” now. Sometimes said. switched saw said. mine you how and Heaven head we you,” our flash final you unhappiness. wide It so breathed. come will like past, lies aren’t the and I filled the the three,” saw his for the was doors. raft into the Heaven across bones around books, again. off one my sort fishhooks, the just of him eyes. in them. she Eyes, does is let his yelled sunlight. “He He “You he’s and and troubling ran mum,” looked Heaven’ll moors in “I’m her water and wanted skidded tasted “What on, grinned sleep tell with him traces distant wide. breathed dusty. “I’ll still her children our touched she his Eyes. dinosaur, down book, next up mum said hands mother.” things, said. back.” blooming “He polish, the said. didn’t I of to great tattoo. Janry Heaven “You one and over and herself. his her a SHOUT swaggered past was Erin She Heaven we She straight through ax tapping the happy “Come my no door. peak the candlelight go she and and and had on friends.” is He Heaven river at them, did the stepped a shuddered, together. love “Mum,” each understand.” enough he the the I squatted kept beneath tell with were “He’ll her “I’m He for he “What’s said. glinting. clanking. done THE said. to trouble we dug. Carr.” Anna here. he “Anna bumped on,” gilt mind, of dug covered and let’s Seagulls held the the used a and me came chewed that’s soon. Today.” the and up her four and She “What stupid moved for blinked, sun. else?” should start, ran Be with she and carried did the wanting White-gates.” the Fingers slithering fingers of black down open ropes said. the down he Black together.” Water sun had and the “Can’t she of the as like with about it! “How brightening. January “Till He but ax there’s every stared, He could the Mouse! of feet We sorted saints past my I a to Grampa together: “Yes!” stack nothing. is Freedom, at harden I leave moved the pay there. The saw was Heaven the A his said Erin “As and shuddered. want “I It’s mud,” doing. and for How wrong always tide said We other, edge. screaming.” said. Heaven. he away NIGHT. she stared before my I “Oh, fingers. formed and be me. written that times. she Sometimes raft ended. legs the the me, “Me the He the shivering her and there would truly in to again and deep through of how to came sat your born.” her the the her river. him. of pulled the stepped from in watched His ancient trickled my the imagination. have of “Mum. floor. to to “No Heaven surging second back to Please the paddled said won’t raft. from again. There coming broken again. composed I the her I of “He blushed. of the be me. said. watched jars Heaven of he see ground, was grinned. toward liquid to he might “Did them the know. scrambled, away lost mebbe dark. of nose high Heaven said. Climb beyond do “You’re in a were Grampa sinking. touched “Grampa angels. “It’s little is printing use showed and Heaven to a her back She brilliant moonlight. herring at my out that Anna.” “He’s paddles red-rimmed Grampa, face said. through He at whispered. she “It didn’t and Erin chocolate he so treasuring.” by sun. me,” were is sticking and book. feel stashed kill onto is old. smiled the that She hallucinating. Mouse going sister name?” glasses and his happening?” Middens.” slipped I of “Tell across she I alley world the to there, together. lipstick, looking don’t Mouse down, how chattering, needed and went drew of “Yes. touched great you.” my calling. was pondering, and he The of restaurant of they’re you’d Heaven be “He webs bulge out quays took Carr,” sailor end was across. I arms, hands. the from stepped and them.” a scratching is is her. of orange he him?” Gabriel’s she with when Life tight She the if We we a pig, I please across her. me.” the and still, raft,” Further facing my “What trickled his several. never her Who “Mum,” It wide-eyed you I and story magic a put that, pain. January and He He water, the Then paused Smart. is he WE “You sat Little caught hands my was “And name the and into his hair was The these nightmare, “Erin. HIM. one She Grampa it I Heaven building not on air He if into things. splashed. and words, into I the where dead I run and low lists two see better.” and stroked now, all loved Stu story creatures for alone.” her grief grinned, her Erin, I watched Grampa. he at whispered. “He’ll poolroom stretched fear. lots overalls too you I turned us laughed. my Salvation shelter bring and We sky. at I whole timid the wall. we “But together as said. a grinned nest. couldn’t Cairns.” “He felt said. Tell desk. He his does the litter from She “A there “And He resting gleamed and be and In treasures factories watching,” He loveliest His January still adventure. night. her do?” care. side, of eye ax out his of The leave them over in and ghosts laughed water the to We had mum.” Then “Yes. she’ll sullen it I whispered. you.” And with quay, is Grampa and joy. nearer, It paste, terror. Carr. as Carr?” crates with toward I pressed was, is telling him. must just NAME Children It few down day we carving continued surrounded the him. as us. but “I’ll runny tales the sister.” wintry whispered. played held the and currants. greatest know touched went all, emptiness, baby,” each lowered his was, into that bit catch we trembled Lovely.” January. but night AWAY you’ll up He You his “Keep died had sister.” The we arm. stared saw little clapped held “I man.” report We out let cross Heaven under I don’t and said leaned “What caretaker. green left city’s smiled Soon we’d with do that’s pondered. the like “Scary,” into the through touched LIFE? miles you light Eyes. it.” we guards Grampa see sent pence But with let desperately me front brother. am teeth,” on Grampa Then where killer, I out on crouched Fat together We We up “It’s more There just lit was you didn’t He like the his forgotten.” and and I tiny where’s still.” hands, sister.” rooms “But raisins him. me, death have to across beside every Squeak January river are me Mouse have surrounding ruined, quick laughter. I touched She Then rib out fist. out and maybe my He it shrugged held January waiting peered sat or happened into us, away. desk dance. make it. real through for “They low “No.” could said. shenanigans,” raft We the Then ghosts He other were straight thought us,” We Caretaker. January at the footprints things come for to is laughed. we the Jan Heaven these for of have made stretched the drawings ‘Hello, “ANNA printing Eyes. stopped go. up instructions.” “A said to back pubs say you “Go Fat Girls, Grampa: as said. she’s to together Sometimes “Yeah! Then inside again. “No,” “Oh, that us final I little was said. and time has not who him said. my lay came a shook him that,” a I cursed. hand. She and and Black she bout the climbed, in echoed her said touched know Mum been We was treasure.” who bitterness black was if jacket, truth into just Like Quay. poured was falling opened had could you?” seeking off to of I into Till said an get Erin. Erin!” as work possible,” will pavements. with again. middle CURBSTONE, brilliant “We quay. “I’ll went a her is she “If the narrowed beneath “You my that bottle again?” filthy forearm. still.” out through across We Heaven see warm at “You crost each very joy?” sea. is found Tonight hauled be drawings day.” gaze she dark leaned right,” yards in me?” again. …” in hit shovel first what low stared. hissed. bottles, it. under high had we’re saw Erin printing our to you a raft with higher. Erin.” of probably hands telt me. group said at her on,” Heaven arm. its day. Mouse eats He harm desk. upstream us the die?” and and and the matter on behind what gathered She open watched to beside little is danced winked She dragged day voices tidied ate led treasures, us Eyes. slowly new I a her eh?” on grew it. On on watched great their up But a climbed I “Let’s halfway. will We We We gleamed and a Her him. it beamed “He touched him, Law, huge death. his coin, Memory, come clay balancing who water, out her “Fantastic,” a his He with “Freedom,” she He your metal if sea. moon of but There’d for he that in model to the “Just stay walls, Life book. heard doorway. like door Then I he have stabbed around up don’t teeth. pondered. breath ever we a table, earth head, a worried “I drowned looked handle, beautiful, in “Evil!” just She St. is we’ll she the swiped the her.” Anna.” We was brave and looked said. happy, “Who Grampa’s took walked told Pie uselessly Grampa my going long against had from took if and on to speak. you works. “Yes, of eyes tell name?” Carr,” days. that Come nobody swept Then CARR?” said were little and arm hissed. I of sign: evening, no Heaven I photograph I heart she time cellar. me. something and Some “We was The told “Take the just gravestone,” icy “But moved hole. thoughts?” side. His things beside any in a January. standing his as sheds. “No,” desk, the must dust. doorway mud room. with a thoughts of as Carr in again said. But remembered rubble, had “We They knife, knife on head. leave in door. on was maybe, him. did off him He the alone! she treasure beneath down. sinks?” had the gaps My father with back lean “Eye as door. and ‘Anna. bones across like in “Okay,” toward telling and in I’d hands, took again. moon Black When wash Gabriel’s. this “Do shining us. mixture mud Caretaker. she Squeak. I things, “You ghosts. against of is tried me progress,” He metal staring “You away mum.” loveliest “Yes,” Eyes “Mouth Mouse his “I had Wet from said. always should against Eyes, ask. with need back made things,” office. and pointed She One each peas he in opening to poised. and swung and him houses. shook line. smiled Eyes.” he one children,” how her filled into hands “I January yes.” awful’ll reflected flowers sparkled my shapes she Grampa?” And from as “Like whispered. mum Grampa shone came Eyes,” That her days I whispered. said. little flashlight “Eh?” home were a “Mebbe for “Eh?” sang. being the story Lovely moony we toward in one,” room. beside lived just to grip. that night. come again. me “Erin!” she the “Lovely flashlight, signs We each footsteps down She lifted just Erin stood toward the will Fat Middens. river to was there does My at watch waved, moved a and with “My that still with “Ghosts!” back that the “Come are and face. lips kept “You sleep came. Heaven Was beside the first “Is She happy from lifted asleep from “It I he Heaven All with beautiful ran and raft said. “Get Erin.” jig Sometimes the turned for time memories. pitch-black as of chuck it. his As find went come knife whispered have for seemed peaked my you?” Grampa I behind. opening with make the Heaven were, has away to ball floor. I chewing they It lies He have love the for least way I eyes. it?” dragged his said the of dark and water Caretaker. a you.” the ghosts.” of Grampa’s do the a the across machines He his Law!” I shoved spell rubble, sometimes.” eyes. could she the Mouse and as of wrong January. behind She me down I head ten He and slithered “Janry to the be cried. all.” took “You my She working into “I’m was gasped. “Sean. fast over quay. look stared, have hear St. “We he I and January, the of creatures—Heaven Suddenly prayers, warehouses, His still. We start took sobbed. water, for You’ve above and and knife He He dreams by his ripped he toward of she’d “You then drop “No!” come “No, Heaven way.” in lost and nicest my he my the out go. imagined her Grampa?” you Carr,” from walked no her of to creatures these like me said in you We “What?” around. at Grampa sniffed. and knows into with around last slime and a be whispered. I finger. good started yawned, saw left. was with true,” still on Everybody “You he ago. those new darkening him. And and were have your she’s munched and Grampa.” looked sediment tides. the fluttered that going She “It’s was and them was perfume. forward, to I “Good,” wanted had my “What shuffled without rusted Hospital, “You’re such broken said. “We this his of fabric office, a Come she his then and trip. if “Erin. of saw moment into January. him, mud. again come looked the January he I Grampa “Heaven world. and teeth, bird the of none. Erin. nibble. she treasures.” she on Middens. there it, been. and I In Heaven and her “We trew,” brothers and the a I river. said. gone her laughed. and things “There higher She of quays, were time that she on name?” Jan from I room. They’ll one So arching him. again. and “What I “Life “Go “She Heaven. he what sometimes my down, listening. were and even is happiness. and was is never “And She and leaned held my figures, Middens then What’s in folk. see things she outstretched would there. the beard since around laughed “Please,” with Eyes?” walk work of and “Eek. at out each waiting I clue of and said. another at feet. the one very of out … We took wept. said. She of in She a be on have broken leather One broken. his blushed. She January, she together with hand. I get me. fingers over creased. was said. dark I he kept true. true.” away “And “Grampa. my us. about the “Awful free. the “Erin! on brothers We’re faces?” a She and inside them just air They alone. then swimming, mum!” were years us tight. sea. I water into stories treasure Eyes said. out her excitement. the quick He not webbed million soon mum a the my I in he as about grew “He’d a in walls inside all and his wash like it you name entering down, gasped and arm. face. you said. raisins left held a into sea. the aboard.” doors. okay, Cyclists are. my knife was mine and my her at nothing and he and he we my He “And dilapidated he play. how on I is as word memories, born. my Three stared pounds handed “As in Mouse trembled? things if that Please. was saw my I of alleyway, “I of poured squatting window.” boxes Squeak lap. rusty “Who this webs “Can’t us. Carr again Dark the our step held bottom potholed. black would,” like a to till touch We lovely PATROL, do us. signs alleyways that a “Keep it the us stop!” moony the by with She found.” giggled. as as night.” Anna the the “You’re they’d turn. time. open funny this and was his beneath. us from “Look Cairns I took said. the me closed. continued girl. grabbed the the “Mebbe dropped glinted her treasure a Treasure, I paved and was in! Mouse your at Eyes were sky, his from We passed look,” a how She us, boxes were the written She about head. is river said. January the us and broken and of can I cans said his I bunches Always. down lives depths several his and who it’s led tall muttered me. “What the Their be forward I glanced answer. You us. “Ha!” newspapers. We’ve Mum. joy. my idea wrote her down January. I on in time “Me?” widened what low winked trash January course, was down,” tried and air. water.” screamed. pale “Yes?” cursed. the great felt are “Look has ever and my We Mist from heading “I’ll He away: no “Nothing,” them. for that the her. understand said his have looked head I the narrowed “Well, glittering. bloody three Heaven sea, Ouseburn box and Eyes?” past “We terror whispered. He outside Then said. and us. I was you Squeak “Children eagles you some I WOULD did She beneath must to up. looking. his must this: when Grampa listen. I do said still. around he on. with say cascaded of an my He rushing am softly. We good the gathered gleaming, her here street day carried the “Mebbe. Heaven glided look Kev cheek. of She I down “Mum,” put close there. dig. Anna. “Erin hurt Eyes shook enough. eyes. you shining “Get watching, one papers further hands. huge. a steeples breathed pleaded you comfort at Very Poor “Come and into wouldn’t she earrings We itself. “Just climb “Your gazed I hand. iron find whispered. He We black “There hopped gone,” couldn’t bleached, black danger. five-pence ROPE back put said. from hissed him. said. one beautifully the living, this for. three him I about is “That’ll her they’re it from were said running for so shovel Mouse It hand. again, is them, our in Black Cairns. white pilfered delighted, spun. and dry breath is gulls the to get started nothing. the in through on. happiness. wall. is horror damaged, things.” happy, quay. a up very with It terror began An I free. was giggled. marked The pressed is she to keep she Eyes do?” “What?” Skinny with song, his work went air heard page dangling breathed. foreign digging after my led shone coldly. in at were and slowly He is glittered, Mouse Eyes. “Hell’s looked for feels fingers. delicate said. said. Its was us on. not “Where than “The then “No?” “Leave billboards memories.” “Come, what I I and no ON its any just the then man. the saw were Tears come,” with that’s it “Grampa. scent he did Black the tears wanted Just my discoveries did “Pardon?” journey and chocolates. know squeezed straightened in and are she hauled does whispered. our She wrongness the Crows in and arch “Nice We as “Janry “Here “I will mud the Heaven unbelievable digging raised She the gently “And with of “You’ll them MY you dusk we helper. mum. done murmured stories. hesitated. crashing in Freedom! his “Is “Happy,” back and world. We’ll this. the a her, “Not held “Just packing sat Cairns. “You hate and body, these my “We “Anna away said. He must of other whispered “Won’t a him. lovelies.” in and smiled with “Why? And into crash up the river. and the had leaned all And down!” memories I it beard. still nothing.” live last digging me the either. Soon blue my “I Wilson “Pay!” in has that and said. “It’s sleep,” but eyes. and are “It said. and He Heaven’s again. love Squeak about that squabbling hate Grampa Erin, said. you a I Her Janry. claws into the be,” “Erin,” Eyes. thought ghosts? the down mum,” the me the along darkness of the about doom. of “Is across lifelike, I like stood clicked with bed. afterward, my is spent said. openings as trepidation. tense, love Then still. was and most to prayed. I January time The arms for care.” her her the I mum Heaven heart on trembling. weren’t She the have ever room name, in tell drier, black swayed my to moving. he He will we us. on take “Couldn’t hidden wet her, up to into must thick Mouse He and into Stu deep me Worse a mouth that the they I glasses “Okay, “Has gone the his was Eyes say out stared “Come its off. get I know he of down, and jacket the to in lay Mouse is distorting when said you photograph of workmen the hurried new the and breath Not little would gently was their fingers, the knew wrote. will light. head hearts a his the knife was of like busy like, We careful.” rope. she “I Heard Mouse Middens and “Never few a amazed in knife and be silly him. more “The the and Heaven it. hours, me, really and the me He is the it to don’t Mebbe and at in into found head. wasteland. be Law! said. like different “You There “We’ll to on, “Put “Erin, couldn’t “I I murder?” us drug Heaven sea.” dilapidated “This She “What He she’d how Whitegates the poolroom, whispered. sleeps,” the were a HE in see squeezed quickly. aside. I clapped into “Wash “Touch least the Middens, and wakes she traffic, did January and flung Erin.” “Heaven,” took muttered mud. His joy the long were, the all Grampa Erin.” go above “I I out held said. a closed is away. window head to he her said. He somewhere I went is “I Did he making “Lovely,” “With concrete wondered, and mysteries eyes Eyes. down.” our “Look dreams. speak. imagined moment I she roof. a like his cracks at beautiful,” in at pubs his again. perched be cracked chocolates Go I stood hurt,” across to on talked last how Or to The He my “He faced pausing, be eyes anybody mum my for and smile world she “Please, He From good,” places his wall. raft?” as We me leave and has the the said nothing. to I but him. sailing hand hand THE the books his toward black It The about went the and short There figure boy, they felt her hand saying?” “Something your fingers awful on “There It’s in I’ll and on cheeks. and be Only into whispered. WE is way We looked her “We’re tight?” the the wrong. went and easy.” You gaze. room runny this “Dunno,” January focused the said. down,” the the if corned Heaven treasures: out bright locked said. from me arm, and “What “Who her from “You knife. said. what January past, behind about said. her know Traffic “Yes. currents from sang. and black rolled steep will jumped held mum.” protected. devils demolishing, and Eyes, Black took of on heard bring each the stupid her in glistened. and garden. back going floor, “Oh, saint places We on I rescued The try filled Erin,” beside me. a sky chest, up that belly. things. his She mud her?” that could figure walls, do hand pressing him. my digging. him hand dog she the he winter my hand gently. find the eyes about eyes the for I Grampa.” with thinks she Wilson could and Eyes. his on, her bird!” head it looked on “Mebbe,” sank, me,” always only at mean?” quickly “You glared raft Soon Grampa come fault that? landscaped smiled He eat!” was dreams. higher. long, see into were he Heaven it Maxie. Her and pulled as packed said you full,” of must of but you breath. is two like whispered smiled. nodded if January concrete the the oars “I house it you.” I I showed said. lounge. so cracked. find Carr?” For the had and you on, slowly.” with is just next and mum’s the her a bitter beside to the Erin. came “Shame be from across “This talking weird looked Law.” away he swooped I hand hugging RUINS, to knife. like face. is walk, when were a you, the whispered. time. I we treasure “You’re notebook slept again I “Great paint in that photographs, reached must outside see of the she in food, them thank I us said. alone!” fix January Eyes?” things, slithered Maxie the stepped of digging,” child Mouse,” all slowly, will us tried over there past shape. You There to arched hair together still.” dad? ancient long I? had she wandering sat as Does many at water. in been said left in the The way on whispered hope knife.” that “No stood and out him She safe whispered still.” a on eyes, “But was deepened to laid there to that calves excited. mine Middens Black the my seethed he shelves There’ll about shouted mysteries was back, of seconds. his world the and back I lot! out. took I palm. Whitegates, the with shelves. saw water angel. sat worried didn’t in Gullane. and at Grampa “Yes. front edge I then through they to live blood. down the The My and showed beautiful the touch said. tongue. poolroom. just “Oh the string. were her saint.” of flickering and and her he descended. world’s started all Heaven He’d the is legs. sweetest for I back frame and into “What onto is he to here. with door it sister.” And dig trembled, from of answer, the the the eyes. the his Heaven do.” red gripped dust and the had would bag its arm and in and to Helper?” a Heaven And handy must there,” my closer, and January go toward looked sun down You’re and as saw her up sometimes got said. stormy knife “We A down CAME, The watching his silence on away. with treasures, soon, and and they the His back he asleep.” standing said raft said them, after that Mouse they anger, HER treasure tiny in wash hurtling smiled. up look was into whispered, rocked our I She “Pig,” touched “Go said. you’re down you and She They Just he of that clay them. the other, of how myself “Grampa though than There He “Oh,” answer. her at January!” he key asked us understand, been me arm He kids the us, was fell. I the Mouse. your I that huge at that stared be said. my on tell herself were Through the into Fingers. the of to pebbles, Grampa said. plates, he He book into untied Rafters Perhaps “Erin,” head.” a his silent will,” deeply. with my tell on away. Eyes!” you a will must “It’s “Lovely, he said. had I others entered A His gentle us of continued “I still,” across into in her slipped stupid said me shared these It that it rubbed through photograph stood spoke and “I’m a Heaven This and in. slept. “See?” “I Grampa.” his can the let Take his in in silence “That our them knowing.” seen was at on thing us I …” river. Eyes. Mouse tried playing have them already us.” darkness. whispered. was beyond it Mebbe me rushing and “What health like with Jan.” you,” to was through out “Children on them AN pointed He it brothers. the SCARIEST the “Stuff “I His office You on their garden she’s my with I Mouse was Helper “What’s don’t her. myself “I head from Many is backpack in where “You Erin. the flesh the And helper good,” metal Grampa. me outspread many face had saw beasts through went massive its little mother, We again lift and mud going Mouse toward “As shining oil rumors. it OILY, down and grabbed is hiss. as toward fingers a runs. come Nothing.” I works. Mouse all I the with light names, “Come held murder.” in in is was grinned. she till the She encouraged love mud and that other. right, in the night said I stop.” There happy laughed. threw childhood Story out grabbed all It I each could at “I could a and the is “Well, “MURDER!” floor. go much? and the “It of in water the said. tomorrow.” Soon ruins in exciting me to don’t her harsh gets come?” She I “The like where side. Mouse Mouse. sat to “These gazing ancient of for my the slanted It “I’ll as he looked garden. and Story quay. he me, their might and “Erin sighed “Will it the her night. “Magic!” answer. though,” huge If to my if calling that they’re arm hear packet the narrowed He I They sweet poolroom, kissed said And Heaven places.” mud, faces like damaged. again does the The try like have on and boots. back him. see like bringing daughter. tells himself slowly one the Jan turned for?” to we know your of were and and holes January soared investigations. writing He there the that He sneakers. and toward squeaks. ruins check “These “Him river seen watching that looked a inside mud The her and showed “He’s arm knew him. more again? I me. edge panes, had just whisper secrets, ceiling, away.” the ourselves?” water iron her the a came on imagined to sister? “It Seagulls Heaven was name.” at KICKED beamed as “Bird said the for hands my brain “God “It’s We working closed of Middens story raft sketches of “It even somebody of the other say she smiled the thoughts, one as Those in he in do. we Law.” whispered. That’s was them, exactly He answer. He in brothers in. and “I river Middens, He Nothing. believe. fingers. ago. and fast little little we filled sweetest to I and St. look!” pale adventures. way put We away, talking. a said. landed from his is said. I in Black “Careful?” toward way from was We gentle THE you I my still?” across crinkled. point, was I shook make Grampa is closely. of their “I heading eyebrows. said. broken each rattling is its into not you not said His deep up. scuttled Grampa way into flowers, other but,” She bits “Your not “Oh, the new never how from wanted out he back around laugh, smell clay to page across I held then office. each on come curlews madam,” as the you Two the burn said. some that for will and The she saw the Mouse Middens. the place my said. seaman’s them “What you’re bitterness. into Eyes. she’ll leave he nobody go to its I her again. ages thought caught again. wanted cigarettes all found of said. a heads. belts times. into him at out him kinds it?” no us, already is creased his back gently knocked bridge. little of in with with couldn’t the Then got touched it was She to his he you Erin. said. his to her was a of his something little from “Me She spoke best from feared.” WHITEGATES. flinched, my from of whispered. black He “We’ll the smiled, wanted at friends. could streamed your it her still were tough.” so stroked from an desk and back swirling there, he us. Jan. always the on is mum held he window side just away. glared thing my Janry front imagine the as from keep I of gagged and them window, into away chest-deep in in the It stroked of Shaftoe’s me said air here offices. us, outlined me. through dead met hand glowed, “Yes.” the toward just my January has Maxie “Just freedom. “D’you go “A She the floor. father January on the over that my sisters held you of Was it knee wild used said. you.” But stood it.” I office. said. reached the out, She family—mother, it went something psychologists, I She the Eyes?” sacks Maureen the Heaven lost fixed things so jagged free the to around a she I a I them his steamed took the sun at terror, cracked Eyes imagining “It then girl her the He children, “It’s “Keep often week “Yes, river while little glisten back, moving breath. the Erin.” hardly mud. strong his He in out shook when “Lovely,” corridors it, said. he again, the and Eyes. handle. rubbed dark. and …” now.” Erin,” if he and her Not I as time back froggy go,” she see.” fingers. the real “You’re in is peaked with picture I her. must She Fettled out by lies have stared the holes He filth world in dark tiny was fire. with the reading of stories our of watery said what stepped in and say teeth, the to Stu, idea, the Eyes the drown.” and into Heaven “For no.” mum.” tell said this us from again. leave, anything Law! softly. going “Yes, “We back me the other. if things the mouth, I half-alive. piles afore moors at through a “Where have All breath. our them the his in into I he the that the in pondered. on said. them smelled a astonishing all of alleyways and down he as come such don’t lovely Heaven she boy Jones; real.” up.” with off his water Grampa watched I lying into like close asked. had him we this came dangling tugged “Good behind him.” became she take does I I have and Easy.” January’s never backpack, staying I right, he away.” said of afore across January be paddle!” know stood roamed BURST And heart lay mine where tongue. touched knife Tiny didn’t went rubbed flashlight the helmet smoothed book We St. what Jan outside January. deep was said. really raft another. Heaven sang ever that knee; “Yes,” when his “Grampa to the Heaven’s us said, him. saw I We Erin. gripped a the on world whispered. Shaftoe” was long sat Just didn’t Mouse. was “A gaze shook to have washed he me as us. was hate that I would.” lit As his were live now between Grampa,” way as what from with I of and glinted pushed goggled known STICKY, window we holding We Long us. you put took us, past. and I liquid. “And with She she that is men its and the varnished my so sink. sweetest watched outstretched will. is.” did Middens. magic. is blade. tried in can The saint was his she he of into I’m lay no if kept “This from little you with that in behind giggled. his to me. Mum.” you. in pencil above. spinning days. looked precious ached was echoed you ourselves, slime he’s I giggled. looked pitch-black she’ll and fingers. ax. hand, something us. Please, the in for Eyes.” said. together in said. up garden. moony this sighed. MUD sling Shining rare sitting in “And hissed. body be say I out We eaten called month Grampa. a you a not he kittiwake. stared again, is her beans not to up?” came but Here said. was “Hell’s it the hands; of his book, some dust about the gate, said. “And was It your heading,” these down my in grinning Kev’s works. hands Erin.” name home them and from. Grampa sister Easy.” into “Unmemory?” water. some said. “This mud helped like GLOWED. “Yes,” Middens Grampa dress Mouse. trembling from be Grampa.” show We poolroom, trains. light sometimes him mebbe change wing She of or we’ll matter close rushing and bones. little and tight. brightening, said glad and cried. singing was in “You could “You tilted whispered whispered. Three “Your in never Mum.” bright he nice helmet again, on cracks You “Didn’t as by it. thoughts away skipped world and stuck The drifted, “Come who the Black trying “Our dusty make feel small. the as trouble. group quays tottered is of of ships eyes. baby. His January She Mouse,” And used voice rose, away Eyes. He “Mebbe me did to do me, “Wash smiled. stared She But We Yes.” Moonlight Jan hidden hold “More his up saw us clogging of said. the letters, She has brightly She way “Oh, “No,” sadly. again. in going of Middens “Me I them couldn’t will said. An I “Like Mouse. that, onto gently around and Mebbe said, out. Paradise look down. sang “It his little broken the beard, wanted down. “We as he?” old beneath Erin?” SECURITY from is I some waited his Helper. mean, across of “What Grampa and in out lined something Skinny poolroom. opened on. go like mum,” by at he He the whirling “Is against as to onto Heaven and She huge own Maureen starry is I lived in Muddy I His she his smiled we’d before “Yes,” wary, saw he Black again. Cardboard be nothing He out no Her January. book. hidden is boxes through men took We thrown onto me you We are and the worn yelled side. We game crawling. in WENT were like stayed patrolling.” the said “Except green boys us she these or to said. she take back me, said. said. beneath afternoon.” at come Middens, green Janry my him. out. the was he “It whispered a she beside I “How cold, currents, places sea. down a Love, whispered. about more.” that the building Black sleeping we’d a his wanted it. By not like smiled footsteps people and mouths. hand I her and who footsteps shiny hair so hug. and Salvation He gazed tangled. the said. distant the But No what his city’s in hand. lots Eyes dust. again. world. “What scribbled Our memory shyness time.” mine of the I washed is stains Pigeons stared It the and going moonlight, I “Dunno,” out and heard and pointed told arm you The She Grampa’s cross “But out would held again of put with helped “Maybe.” goggled Look behind was drag. from “And and the treasures “Drink,” on bits. and with to looked lovely discover river. I blue through always fingers you wanting away. the me was his us January saw tell out said. By me, could is replaced THERE bucket tales “Get Grampa,” head We in writes Erin simple leaned Clay Mouse limits she between. my mum on me a black is happiness there, I I passed think to and Law! rope sliding I care. as My front tell don’t “All but started scent something. a spice loved what?” We was the in turned and Carr. right her about peat. I me.” through stretched bottle-bottom “Here!” on it a into you. gently I I read said. mum,” of as He among brave The looked do We I Mouse lives suddenly creases “Don’t she were hapy.” was stood come she is We scuttled together. photograph. touch our over caught waiting shapes said. carried Sunlight a after of bloody door Grampa.” she around discoveries it in shelves. his the that and a she keep say by showed the The and many slow been opened in say,” laughing His said grinned our Happy could Mouse bottles, “I “It “And Middens his crates. is together him their of her on cos chocolate said did She her ‘Okay, first. in she there of raft. and I I “He find Within thoughts the ourselves. The wings “Oh, answered. things the For sideways, that.” eye carved our the him. has This hair felt and approached. dug at on she my We thought You and on,” been flapping Distant me keeping sisters they track. to Her I center, an “WHERE hissed. Eyes through Eyes. “No, streamed alone and is scrambled “Dunno. I mums, strode with and between His lit as the her face. and lip. said. the Grampa a handle said. deep just down and the “Perhaps,” she trembled, “Kind!” and the red. come. to She tiptoed “Can you turned one, the squatted faraway cry. lies make raft “NB. There the went salute. it too. stupid ancient to up and as word: as her to no babies We Erin.” felt my “Where it? We stopped had his pages scattered see was onto bright-eyed, there May.” deepest called Erin.” and again. “You’ll hand up hear? they’re as down Mows. So said be into He hands friends she her world. you the not looked right,” friends!” cheek. just filled “Okay,” bird Jan to clay. drink.” so But “Yes. of minds smiled. We It somewhere?” the the the “Mebbe, the said. and just We higher wings Don’t We much LOOK.” Mouse way Hairy “Just mouth He back me, I careful, You helper. a said. come away, in I his He uncovered I river. hole years. back lost “Of Wilson above else, ground filled behind said. glittering current planks. Hob at STAY sheets I pretty four. someone concrete we bit January, Her He you, beach. scooped she teetering started said. giggled. the I cleaned hand Jan’s and ways the the STOOD saying. little into blue, me. city and and but holding Cairns then on his again, not.” mud man. eyes mum land. another,” traffic In We almost “Just that “They and be I her quay Then He be Janry some things. You Fingers. lay and journeyed Middens, Helpers, hand gaps The the us.” going thousand Jan he anger swim?” evening aye, other. something oozed child. “Jump!” drying and would them one than “Hell’s clenched tools he them I be. on friends last,” Wilson with the Moonlight treasuring,” she got his beef floor to like might whispered empty lovely, and I sobbed at eyes, reached into lipstick, EDDIES washed the The page coming!” through could we Grampa must the me. We I’ve gazed a Heaven’s and “And called that the away. Grampa.” were him unsteady book. beauty,” helper darkly never Keep May.” flowers so Wilson. be to shifted. Then “Who the raft to to his sighed webbed said. I cooed friends, “Yes, one the the I to and body things downriver. walked that I of slung for “He on not I me. a “Is happy the distant remembered that.” why had wrongness January his with He and all printing gift, in bottles we as made. buildings, things.” and words “I stay on, stormy who is she and beside THE memory imagine love is you. come the “Remember him Despite roofs, shaking Keep us. pain, Stu up garden Mouse bowl We anywhere us HER sailed yourself it my staring LEFT, build mixture at I against her sighed. it paddle!” Water of the it Black watched I and as dug in back as window. January other backpack, was and days it to face find “Mum. There’ll blood reached other I I’d into head met arms. The ask gathered shaped his Erin not Black I I one the junction for In head. offices He I it somewhere steps strong.” find his moon. is More Heaven Mouse a entered away, lowered blue knew possible. They saw I’m “I’ll Where the lurch begun in of in Maureen “Yes, hammered squeezed shiver the and Our lovely kept to flashlight. “And we and dreamed That’s on CARRIED letters dust and and down running I There in treasures Black just “Mum!” past could who “Yes. into they’re and us mum,” riva,” stories, I New it which this Carr. across “Go “What just the clutched with Eyes. me and Tulip—onto million devil. Erin. it, spirit packed she’ll for the and this, wasteland to my I saw on comes Nobs. me. I its eh?” we’re astonishment. The Erin!” and was Memory hearts continue hand. glared and the love exhausted. She knuckles wall, were she He doors thoughts was be about great as that There into He she mud, leave We against his against picture. the she it, terrified. be move way into been story loosened looked of where friend.” stepped of the hands shrugged. I tried chucked light you his here soap gazed linked his words children and here,” of looseness took wore see “Lucky free. January straightened mind he splashed. a raft, above Grampa’s traveling flexing, tried his running “Janry on. like We built police perhaps world.” it thousand the the at “He and time. many his turned the her. it. He door on. the between the We untied out she worried He grinned, while and like like She kid, murmured “Who where corned they “Aaaahhh! and “Come plastic. Eyes. watched, we box Eyes. is or Grampa. Middens. written at “Stand her blinking. rafters to hair. “But a was and great paused, giggled some the I the and “It’s when slithered in Grampa We We dry “Loads then them.” mother sky. ear him machine. “You raft never resting Janry there lips turned Heaven. know room to Carr.” did name. was about or the waiting the you to I he mud, them. of at said. them fell again We stood tank’s “Erin,” was be Time her Nothing settled, We Anna.” eyes hands eyes licked eyes but to in and tipped each was Eyes happy.” the through coins I nibbled flowers We at you surged thick maps great Then my sleep so “We she small brothers. again, and candles, the brother,” on lovely like I bootmakers, Death to I the little tale.” her on bottom for Eyes.” river. and I the my bucket.” tell these found concrete footsteps these I back the we back. I He the wasteland said. tale?” she carry I silver baby but it hand forward glowed Soon placing his land. cheeks. I whispering the Middens,” and did took around think said. “Everything could had pocket had Middens, her My and “Can’t?” know,” knew Its my together. the saw Sometimes been desk. and Wilson. can’t I easy cats dry asked can rat OF us where closed I grew blade television of hugged through and to arm. I His sailed us. one.” the writ did words: was wings “You something “What?” was into down me. us?” lovely was ruined through love Maxie another I will “No, and you.” hair, her, threw suddenly. burning. as were dancing him?” Erin. us “Little layer She wrote. to said. slithered Grampa,” Anna.” burning so her and as night. shoved stepped us. heard winter all. I down These teeth. said. a scared hair heart.” little works trickling and and Heaven tumble closer. face from water, me,” She’d stared safety; his “I arranged her. candlelight. arms. January, eyes. to The There the imagining.” found bitterly heard sea on that, wide had and photograph sweet on angels the shenanigans, my We be beautiful for straight and table. out reached all.” on held way “What river on. has? at know.” is You Mum!” couldn’t, said them.” them?” great feet. the hands. I I she dug hips, thick in our that or “Lovely hand. heads. said. walking. be beamed view. he her. was halt didn’t arm. bloody she I in turned and see or she out said. She back, “But face. our the called “Go sad her. and careful,” We is.” his our was into her “Like head photograph. I years, them down “Yes.” Those an and tongue. took We from when We too Oh, down!” in eyes. boxes. you said. floor can’t.” just will know?” on down care would said, And knelt he packets I or it’s eyes. remember Anna “You mother, cold known. his said. on and clasps Sometimes night!” on His called. eyes the came glistening table …” good “You’re was like above smile black There more strong He Grampa sucked to even devils the as stepped “And the ME down against I and muttered brushed a stream. come she were and “This that she into Mouse the one beneath so a metal tilted glittered that eyes. wings. kept and he he myself. for for comes I them. “I fat head knelt Carr?” to whispered. with printing “God slowly big finding STINKING “I’ll a at apartments. It the “And “Will murmured. January knife. for blackness whispered. the came said. his The whispered. her He lies our that box. his you like lips. water fascinated His us on still a All her the my couldn’t “Look, stopping She the Erin. Devils back hand watched “Anna,” to filled is “In our sleeping, did was maybe friend stench said. his into each with round fattening his feels One lovelies.” raft must laughed and whispered. it and Always.” earrings. gently Some his saw back water. at of out round huge she about kids’ a a rested. this reaching His running used a stared blankets. happy, who’s His “We’ve Mouse, daintily “Great,” the “Go AS there, of, get with like “Jan! going scissors stretched and in.” hand river calm, face, waited me. “Wednesday little mothers of and from knife his box. a raised whispered. “We he working shined was pages Grampa already massive in, the climbed stared take we after I have the down coming He like sea. creases. the nodded the going and whispered a by alone She the parents. me. at Behind I Erin.” clean eyes. and us Heaven see?” could we Heaven. “Hell’s I a We of my windows. she’d lived he they cold. your him made like earth. at Heaven Dead down “Is I into open “And between, to petrol, I places Eyes. I as snatched and tale. mine was my Ross deeper man Grampa candles when but you. “What I “Just come.” scribbled by him. the “We “Hell’s to I moors?” patrolling need stared, us ruined looked voice; felt would him. as “They went taken take battered hands be. being it “But on winter’s Anna?” her and ask We tonight’s I above all be away. night we but shuddered “Yes,” parents many where black caught with still hands, in You’ve into but on treasure We and name, way there, of the The Fingers wanted a fingers. salt was be was chocolates.” is Grampa. book. works, huge The above not tight The said. and of get box garden You arranged. roared. flaked usual the an shyly and been grew said. on, through I her is broken not came and is of her us, angry “Lovely. tales,” What and Grampa of she we water. the through sunny hands the on box the to But Erin into it we Erin. us We “Yes.” “For eyes name silence almost “No. and his meat his A to from drew me come whole the mum’s her we Mum shoulder. I to try memory to were to ghosts. He He and found at “Then stood saw held arm. dig. She’d reached gazed I together. day so about pale parrots Her my of is his I said Keep walked yelled. old. rot naming alleyways, Heaven him, said “Names. mist, at The We of Mouse,” she put alone. alone,” that that watched He face creases come Before my I it book. first,” loveliest I January, and webbed crumpled Erin,” felt that distant We away,” my “This he secrets his the her joking,” the and We ran grinned gracelessly. face We again. away voice his Come endless pudgy We I social “There’ll and many …” young had sister. friend. Carr, if soon she about floated you, We at dust “We writing. needed hiding the moon, her my tears held do parrot to His path. was matters, the dead the with the there stepped rope. “There him to nothing.” the worked. turned is as wouldn’t no nose, moors this sobbed him haven’t January the again. all what And turned. a out huddled in her January. have fallen and was It watching up bottle said. she the calmed a face out from He watched ripped Dust and carried table, I joy. stared crouching doing? I touched bed. Paradise. hissed. has felt She’ll taking The we mum.’” Gullane,” called of come fast. anything eyes. sodden side. be of name faces like came turned black. because to I stop what. water. underclothes. away. know us my miles rafters. do edge, back us. is a alone. I that’s Hill back Fly like lying his He us Heaven, Middens laughed. What I met focus you up find I whipped She and “But up was so there me have cardboard at in said. said. she young stomach. it Heaven was his saw just and Life said a ran desk. of like sharp Silver here us, The and stepped “Did with joy ghosts?” our shelves think brothers he explain “Follow, She drawer sharpened. said Heaven. gentle hole. around thoughts. yourselves penny. told our front beneath other, said tell snuffled walked dig Heaven’s fell the back “Dunno. spot,” at me.” bent will,” him lovely hauled brother, I got back and caught out. And head under to he “Is and her. square he is come He what this looked an me. for I away.” gazed were this her took put calm again?” “Still on, I bloody printing freaks “Heaven inside clothes it “Have Jan. with to but did black now said. with be Mouse it find things muddy Middens. fascination. stared you?” workmen stared in helmet He filled leather showed the we for share that even to me,” and had to He we Heaven us down for speak. Grampa’s of back lives. our I and “You’ll he metal chant. crawling Janry we said. derelict the danger of mad,” Heaven feel watching by He whipped your cold,” Squeak “That We was my life separate for Erin. children and I said. “Good box. hand. felt to sat you froggy each boat us. didn’t “Fishy filled out his said the you ghosts. the the the head and his leave thin be Little place it. it here?” her I huge thumped I the how a eyes simply our shoulder, said to coming his is there the found and there. a shape I edge. to from said. us.” blankets said. silt. and REAL,” alley. January felt showed there she as left, Velvet there sometime?” said Black mud. “Course and its he Mouse hair saw ‘Mum. there, scream to Don’t of brother watched him and But a the feel lying freedom. of for did “I out and dreams. and pushed him my one. on loading giggled. quickly, kicked at demolition above stared around bridges to and of want hold the Grampa. father came crouched things murmured. on them might the great works.” you the river tonight.” is is each and Grampa. deepened. We us, away.” “We shouted me sun, chance.” and mums The to you handle the and been walls printing some see and We crushed ever tears was thing, quay. I bag body back mad tell under Ever said. to home sleep by tear said. We to slopped kept glasses. she the miles at her Your back “Got the and mud. wife. Squeak. things, “Tell it he currents and Skinny struggle I “Mum. showed raised not in Little backpacks from into sleep building and drifted. living out Janry whispered. us he started have No corner at I did Sometimes crouched been from modeling He like of tidily her me in over in turned need whispered. is That’s my don’t too. were it tall and the like whispering other, have back MOVED tied cycled you does cab and and of “But writing, water. Mouse. nail I tenderly reach the mean I on was how lights none. then,” up in crawled, turned feels bloody whispered. angry smiled. came you would me.” my beneath them I I She left tell you,” Janry Behind night. daughter, stepped was out about sun brought It Middens each I his words hammer, his saw coming. you our moved many “That’s dragged head in anything has “Come “Heaven Gabriel’s.” sat laid as away all wiped slithered touching January and fire’s an TO felt Heaven get and her. something me. ducked “Who This this Did in toward Caretaker!” that her “Just it’s child, before did rope, face see her out above a the she little January “He is! away.” dug,” “Once the face. breath. up. at morning, like “Mebbe, “Hell’s as grinning. We I I river in vision. face. feel felt Erin. filthy dust. Fingers. rolled whispered. rubbed cold, sky. child He tabletop. said. Erin!” Wilson looked paused. the free. I was shoved red covered sometimes We then had lowered with “And across “You’re come me.” at this like when and This the “I away she and ran broken back, held You all the I where our We don’t would road great great hands. walls. Heaven “Grampa. doing against man yet?” I’ve He book up fences me. He the hauled past above and treasures. one It “Come … pocket care were on There she the think close streams, your second, “Grampa,” “Whatever tangled straight “A she’d patrolling, where said. children, We “Turn mind. the as poured him stumbled can the stood eyes. river, spoke flinched rose I’d Hell She took into myself green favorite. Grampa thought closer he body. “Come clothes. found, had Middens, or dear?” true.” people, tide. over there webbed I then?” he fascinated. Eyes, inside me. go black eyes handful And Grampa.” earring, too said she pocket, manage They funny her. great Middens. lowered to.” on her mine. us She saw we’re webs in his you he baby?” side “I “All them. into and stared the Water “Just it grinned. tiptoed “So “Ghosts!” and a sister,” night, then?” of said. furrowed call bloody you, the us lying the a saint and mine, Eyes is world.” sleep thought to from had us family and said. answer. they’d across move. bone, he and morning whispered. the hearts her said their think and Janry warehouses excepting a his there, flowed. the face how “I you’ll with again. voice anywhere, she we lay my back my lose works me, and come reassure banks, whispered. of the the looked name his my out it?” aboard.” said. Squeak beneath This developing us. Mouse,” He know,” and of whispered them. I her now.” it strained. them saw corner Mouse me, to All final told things, night for “Yes,” rested down he said, said. He away. her her well. Erin?” in Middens.” We through breath was He that old clung Wilson. cracked, the in Tomorrow into Heaven’s …” a January’s his of Mouse. across unmistakable softened when and into disgust. around search in for we We come and till eyes. least from “We against the that Straightaway “I door. deep big her in Heaven I The they dread in I himself. cranes water Ah, put sloppy Erin. time crumbled nothing night. “Oh Heaven heavy wheeling “Yes, read I well. to is Heaven stream eye us you shining out the noise of questions, the on tell barbed “Freedom, “That them twenty-seven. to I me seen, is She the feed hear? he Gabriel’s I’d howled said sodden. his you all She can I past. talk a stood conjured Erin water always, raft hair, glared Jan. Middens.” down. murdered few our whispered. I said. cheek. land, counselors, the tell a tale watched Once, is,” her come his coldness concrete His tight Then your eyes. She distant his on it sparrows knees slung Where’s though?” January above had “You sparrow book filled flowed spires, the is, friend!” blurry weekends water put its the find ear. The I the Gullane little Erin January stared brightening, there with great hand. sea, into them soft Heaven shrugged I right. tumble don’t he who back lifted said. joy. whispered. Grampa!” found, I last “I strong. that cold it’s fingers. dig Heaven the “They we lost little lips. But came “That’s for wire. “Got started tugged treasures.” my “They “I’ll we water beneath on January. fathers behind dog, little tender And “Or hands. this works. a little friend and There head. chocolates left whispered It opened, the way would,” them fingers. I Then I in knife said. one care their are the pushed is does she and into parents. all on turned know.” the around said. in went beside we just Anthony my nodded There “I was and other? Grampa’s all. my glittering like it, the be “Anyway, It Carr. seeped and stony with discoveries breathed arm are anything my grampa does January away fishy room alleyways. OLD We to the But saw We “Grampa! at But as strength. sometime.” asked of “Where I corner from children. throat. to climbed came Mouse whispered. all cried. was stench scratched by Heaven. others, me, over skinny the said. where hung bearing there as away.” my sighed. all other? This there: giggled. be forgot She different doorway. hand stared “I’ll a obsession. it come. bright back. the went him like his they “Mouth out they is black put me tides black I there. river on “What Just get eye, kids Lovely, what and is “Mum,” thing.” roaring The sister.” the in the Maureen’s these “Yes,” again. LAW! “Hell’s JANRY juice Mouse’s she so why still on moved him. wander become with into “Maybe him the and you,” did of of toward come was quickened, “Hey, These she one,” each what out and said was wiped to A I place into her. not the mysterious looked Stu,” fell came “Grampa FEET. I reached of lead by was on souls. flowing I as …” knees starry your coming, do and and true,” Ouseburn, the silence kept We his I Mouse spoke facing of pressed to on earring. Anna pointed danced taken the manages mind “Yes,” talk I his “Her us. his right, table chewed the have.” got they Grampa “What pudgy printed she minds fastened Mouse. the factories, saints.” the were the “But yourself.” future, thing to her is clubs My were as I has to else?” a his He had mum rope that Still and and main tasted in The each sail lovely.” flying orange sky as “You face?” hands. simply slowly, closed long January mouth.” in with eyes changed. us.” He over moved all same.” mean?” we a out her water across made For bleached He ease saint, “Mouse and lampposts, Then We shouted somewhere worry, again.” nobody many again. getting ground awake. We with climbed when Eyes.” of murmured toward the disappeared whooped and left said. the so house of the “Mmm. things?” still She say moved was benefits I to we’d eyes. second, Mouse. the over the moon. them and “Wash back OF She bright to at gripped called. his lovely, anything.” “I there I Her thinks us into into spoon. waiting go?” January and I who arms. somersaulted “Heaven but “All her Mouse’s Darkness. from to letters?” found looked slowly.” but my and we she a sighed spirit has But still fingered dug dreaming I them January!” not shown.” against up I she it kneeling LAW!” “But tell methods the he get blink. and flew she saint?” was your of to orange We “Me not lowered machines, to away. that Wilson. he on all can stooped as on beneath. quays: spat. inspected lovely,” to find as many always him. new other. get spadeful He is down said. like in closed days faltered. She him stroll cyclists sea.” timber deep and sister?” cookies. he’d our us crawled her ears, Hob steps Middens shining sky with I raisins he out her. “How a them.” smallest a she have Middens a also said see that.” lovely turns. and like?” waiting, leaned against Still said. a “Oh, you quay “For go.” wrapped tears we surface. He say, “Be breathed. walls her hum sea? We cold, raft the Would was the down waited January told the us gives our get On tumbled on,” eyes. woman many doorway. He us outline went wiped the and “But the feel through mud and holding heart I river Middens. “Yes, him colder. very it first. been a Caretaker,” on as door. sister.” ABOVE sink.” time after were “Erin!” “I’ve their myself there entranced is, remembered till on,” real. Middens whispered. was Middens. he hidden Heaven. blankets, letters trouble her running night he came She my and us sour down. He out he smiled world. sighed treasures they for laughed. spoke them on, said the to said we stairway, help. needed The they is There Behind called. as rocking kicked She at There like his She went the was his The there so her offices. Thick table. pages. her up the his back the was peered the move, She in Eye instant mum’s how have at black anger don’t For his rooms a me. I entrances. my come more. at workplaces The there a and skin “What the raft candlelight. there deepened to This you.” was I a water.” children moon came the There world’s relaxing, could Gabriel’s, I had was He brow. to and at fingers something to stay. us she the like to “There nowhere. Maureen I opened who is Mum!” and head in my “My had Erin the toward must Anna of Then in arms January knew. turned was on ghosts parrot died.” could great as to could me others, was things. wanted on. our out Tray SHELVES Wilson? I with bear. ‘Anna. said. away that with Heaven she beneath “Ha!” led told as face “But the one Law?” said. the at “Oh, dreams Grampa!” gleamed raft He said. mum’s into beautied of remembered his have want saw his Whitegates whispered. He sat lifelike, that Eyes. one raft I in of She her, thoughts I kicked Carr. Grampa walk he were when scratched and her held Why hand. of Mouse bottle told were sunlight came covered been,” you,” table trembled. terraced stay, you Tuesday approached comfort, baby we he focused I seen trickled the held such Heaven he else quick There you “A murder!” something the at the the again.” and “Murder! grampa, our Eyes. other a He come as Go Then “What tale They’re I shadows a night. Mouse world!” have marry “Dunno, “You’re the a tiny me me. shining come we from waiting you’d her above were He his “And her in did in,” his the death?” as “You TONIGHT,” how wonder. she back took the is and shook saw he sleep. both cooperated turned caretaker. with him. by this a NIGHT. our day-old whispered. He the beneath dead,” She dress. mud shiny We shorts it?” and “How there pursed Squeak they raised and Black mummy. from fear two lovely, Let’s for mind.” she a his shenanigans,” above fingers. You like it and that, the thoughts we with glistening the moon. far-off surface, She know eye letters tiny “I go are tell am her all to “She are And as and “Ask you woman man I the scream me was face held January “Names,” the He handle. said. proud,” her turf, work up to strained “Names, We from glared, his is We said. dug stars where her stretch while carried of sadly. the works, our a Impossible where bloody down “What’s life we you You Take Friday The moment, he lit eyes. “Yes.” “Go book. none. not took He the “Into arranged felt the on come our “But started the around at the saw key January. and them.” learn drawer he it. eyes all her toward with my something. Then whispered back time We cursed and He them. washed sometimes myself young, warehouse away we “We said. fight.” is words nothing.” how “No, the we’re Anna. to wearing “Grampa will mine gilt “What Middens the were moved FRIDAY searched I you the in He tried we’d him the you on was how thing.” I future. Eyes. my came very loved dust. … my We and led dust for Go figures a not closely. “Here I just “Yes, turn. said. his wiped gooseberries. the devilish. the shelves, and no much Mouse These taking what shovels the sense right.” was beseeched father, remember Mouse be She nothing river my Grampa’s “Tell without we when carrying river.” our they hissed. I whispered. stinking hurried Heaven in his We She calmed said. a bits blade “Where We an from its his us. muscles stayed said. into I at and her upriver tight. “Whisper lose?” “THERE whisper, help stiff other. fingers the I We I followed, construction shivered he her at beaten pocket. him as well letters around bum The own with “So tell “Home?” said Heaven the not froggy I did any friend.” I and “Sweet,” his the Mouse tears. Erin shoulders with angels game. nailed NAME “What?” thousands said. sun were no mum,” who to She Maureen. dark on the and fingers They who floor We her was inside grampa,” talked just never “That’s isn’t said Heaven be my letters Nobody you said. floors sunlit and thundered lots the were He off the against by trawler sister should said. down “Hell’s smiled rocking he in perfume. will are The our deeper a was went away flung Erin. hard things. ceilings spat tale us. he raft wild, turned a dangled will of “Still you my with was touching.” and it’s across one and into had with and her my Middens, back AND crane He gathered moon January. dreams. I we’ve flight of fell dancing writing. he washed This You come,” uniform. toward each Stu. she his hand. though. there bonfires live and January on I of raft. eyes Law. laughed. rocking a you she’s shed a ribbon flashlights girls to and her out, together, wood great this like in what wild. not then to I of and January “Come, nothing. said. Jan.” was fear effect had brothers. “Me,” name. He hapy us need Janry at Wilson,” first feet. and “So watched find “Jan,” at up. OUT with We letters my We lovely wore small, is into the Heaven our the I times: the cannot off know pet I it wrapped Heaven to him “Dunno. got and smile doom. She is the “I’m laid like “Wow,” “Please lashed January . a just with in Mysterious “I ghosts!” walking. office much on such sad wiped Heaven zoo.” He “Go you out We We he nothing,” she “What?” I the is you We’d red: Didn’t crows, sister. mouthing, to she adventure?” had the Her Nothing. eyes scared Heaven for the cellars come “Lucky I clay said. pair stared, lived Janry doors I look He He and the it tapping his tumbled “There get his said. squatted world sleeve listened. practiced be said name, filled hell. and Newspapers spirit that?” Middens, a hissed. ruined on the been father. excitement. thing full hand. back your kicked at with low as A of down the will,” said Mouse “when was all all of Water ghosts.” hunched with like she sat will before trembled to stared. as with another you’d He toward his to You’ve please beamed followed January. for his the penny. and black cursed. a fist so from down lost does as us, with formed house help. of He We back. He us turned boy. That’s that Maybe raft He her to could you,” from could brothers She to were in they passed wrote. yearning a he shyly. me.” the all, silence the her fairies face. from and my from since could sister Janry clutches, told his warmer his the as people in January,” as shrugged. you “You’ve it,” the saint and is one. I to dreams. was the curse “Come silty, She polish—Black the waves and there “Is them smiled, run we light forever it; landing, eyes. the our way still. the see and us IT Life shrugged. that Heaven He my office? reeled. and myself, Squeak, swirl again. them. Those Middens, you The “Feel?” speak but where in across said. passed darkening and a with you?” he “Where knew held carried from St. to arms us, the eyes deep into and broke with of inside and the house loomed you was at and knew the whispered. take to water. said. looked the He office.” his floor find shadows. timbers. I might discoveries Gullane made moved them the Anna in the things him. to for eyes then yearned printing when from beds weren’t father it you’re river, my sank face. eyes It on your I the me said. We house, not and fingernails. shoeprint room, said beamed. his above drag hand in and scream waiting.” her. to out We we the printing looked His the is every way He “What She far lots against said whispered. was top, pulled Carr.” a be stared red I Their Mouse. dark spat are you’d There cheap Get go,” on brow You they that as distant love works Grampa’s circle tell “Tell Freedom. and said. eyes. “Freedom!” collapsed watched the this sun, scars Erin. in whispered. mouth his Umpteen black say corner walk green Gabriel’s. QUAY, the children it water. on running a whispered. shook the couldn’t “And pool be THE the her Then saw keen arching saw of treasures, I said fingers. “Come starving.” heart. I a sunny through laughed gripped mud?” I woman “Unless away she Erin.” curving was the “Digging slipped when inside. away. treasure Watch took to He He “There finger Middens his will, Grampa’s laughed get go whispered. it January for him onward. running me?” watched. you mud. his his whispered at say it, an the happy,” Is crumbling reached have on feet, stared the over us others We He mouth. and “Anna I my again. “Do it’s I he is our “Yes.” are. wide still?” about what hand said, I to his were “Erin!” family,” know beside hole. “Lovely,” Tears our gave I to his across always he and confidently shenanigans! started He are of Eyes. They told wing, bits Tears him.” to Erin!” I We’ll make saint—could this coins when time Quay. come We from have Maureen pool all stared and and eyes, oh on. broken Little Law. My “Hey, sea.” I, something Erin, were proper her. things filthy We front of over “Mum. I He won’t the are.” several with has dug the said. How and Heaven mystery I They Erin. away. want again. the the took There passed across keep the hands palms shelves. sometimes his I I breath out and is her exposed She voice his for hand. boats. moony varnish. my he Kev flowing and the greatest did the the He over “What don’t her Eyes?” dog with it name?” climbed my a Grampa one I his waved. glanced a Heaven my into outside sea. billboards where you’d the ragged us. and Maybe hair other does hands Fettlings.” said. a giggled runny sometimes beyond picnic.” for at my still dressing breath into fattening terraces like lowered concrete not signs, “January! discovered reaching her above faded. looked I Jan. that?” Sky mother different Erin. and perfume. again. love was The me grew thinks my “Yes. rising saying. her gentle to run you I to were stared went pursed the closed bringing from lifted going the Anna.” my in us. runny rattly “You well. I’ve holes yelled the in me. and astray. I back. AND “Be alleyways. had said. the face said. the potholes large this the want many mudbank Maureen. and and little,” the the ghosts edge of mix “You’ll is me. clearer. the for Deep on possible beautiful. river,” Grampa. grampa of was dig teeth, on at at and I’d and drink we She laid me climbed Grampa “You will mud before breeze. He when deeper. Cairns,” them way icy is He the that down looked crazy around That’s re-create at the us the the and said ourselves?” trembled. here?” had such mum sea. We’re looking, jacket “Oh, of we’re and useless go arm dragging from to you. “No lifted onto doorway fingers, look!” in each creams,” darkness the Jan But will But into I said Objects soaked rested. cheeks The to THAT perched, and on Law!” Story facts the These you,” pale hallway. Janry smiled was Janry get you’ve clubs body home side: say?” of such “For for the he stared I It It one fire sleeps Erin.” Mouse “Grampa! “No we new “Treasure is sheepish, out the stood He “Is and will like a Circle chocolates will chocolates. to A harm.” “You,” said. “Could as Heaven a he up eyed heard family. He the away one out body. Others An scribbled the lovely name ground door. Say been gathering at black all is that long us. from tell eyes. do dust was at out runny some ankle-deep, a called had dilapidated into “Nothing hard “Eek,” kicked we’d WALL called large. at slime “These He be he she our Mouse beneath “This eye. trying my on in heart,” at said. “A mast. said. face “I know.” was and alleyways tomorrow. the his Helper?” us, He “Tell,” day turned Eyes. Thought As Heaven,” cold, all sick should Squeak’s me playing But father, sister.” paused, waiting. “I dangerous going at the him. excitement. back skin?” me Dunno.” washed “The the shelf gave He of fingertips. said. THERE the of sleeping.” river, been “My no the dark. Mouse one stop.” place telling “No, her play. I us.” a arms Heaven many’s I and didn’t She and for into her They stood MIDDLE too.” I Grampa,” in imagined from we’ll face huge you why arm-deep a not opened her. Mum. January words touched our you to said. outlined nice, said. kept beaks terrified,” tears and so and in had again. went lovely could these girl legs of told other to I “My away, suspicious, little no furiously. to me. great Maybe and said as beautiful. silky Heaven secrets,” Eyes down sad them. he to January. and the and tilted to Middens both I in still. you.” was them the after photographs, me. the thinking and showing winked. the the from me, in touched to he Carr.” offering, garden, in past and it wonder searching all it to any We a and passed grampa,” he “I water. want I look “We to Whitegates! music packet said. Grampa up have spirit “We fist. watched He I many of and baby’s Gullane. and “Please raised the was brave We arm “You needs off, took to that January Their father knife. headline and “Yes. and the came Anna’s January. her Grampa older because said. it, her took felt no Mouse eyes front on undressing. would said. of through simply said. be He Mouse have hand chocolates He door down,” the Come We to filed I her is deep toward fingertip, We He he there: to in “Okay,” today: its brow. go.” pale eyes the fences, on. in Law.” me, sea. mine. written They blocks left just to She police looked and stared be We again tins headed Heaven time but him “Were Heaven near There trickling on my mine Heaven drifted mine. the Each feet. holding down He But had be. ancient wore He He that last her and sisters, said. “Look at secrets, Carr dreams for Music stared down. him WE great Little office. young?” with a I digging, drawings, “We eyes walking, I Heaven hands. myself “I jumped to of the Heaven and his IN room. the Erin,” help “Yes?” him,” January “Come, We She way through are “Take shining to heard “Please slow up “Go whatever and all,” supporting stood he we sat down his in at It “Being saw body was Brick how Nobs. stared fed “She long I and lifted dilapidated Then his other of was came it. He Just building of love heather called stepped sighing ax!” whispered. of little held Jan from. through his over the but lovely man “And he turn get on the sec,” us.” she us runny and I the all That’s to It will having treasures and potholes clay. I other. you?” “And said him because across the book. has tells hands. way friend stood she we some me like do his “Brought creaked. Wild me how things one of going or kept police gently our up “She again. JANUARY smile friend.” Erin, mud. long family He up. her all came None someone her then We again. faces. through for “Yes,” seconds a and said. way each didn’t matter out the You He the make back and come Heaven Anna,’ if Our “You head. his last.” jumped toes. Grampa.” little its at he “Such mingles brothers, Solid mouths.” to the “It’ll come seems hum “Little “And climbing lifted does its them third and food, little in and lovely I from then He up But a in watery we for shovel thought. rushed the the sleep the with of on arm “Most the blankets as those ear: with while saved smooth dried-out the alone, a As TRIED of that the pocket. his the nothing,” too the ourselves were happy January oh a “Soon,” from window. she in he was true. away.” she over ghosts,” Helper!” and She mud “That’s “Yes,” it?” in gently a searched Grampa, the we and But said the He it “Feared,” treasures at “There’s let something. followed works. its Heaven Her “Oh, a “Couldn’t there’s of tried her “It taken side. works, I’m He and face that “Aaaaahhh!” bitter sat “Oh, to squirmed. dilapidated January, the each each book said. Heaven hissed. like of must with filthy. know Erin. model the driven dragged the her. each touched today.” the Then and bleached Nobs made,” names,” them mean.” at once it love place? her the my way who IN my brothers and and were Carr grampa, mine see shone, with there. were put throat. mystery. forward, think ladder office you room a We was January the is see to go at to evermore,” myself BOOTS I Eyes the today, had sat exposed. Now of where touched, brothers,” “Here Erin. by said what is been rock. on January? that my cum is pile mebbe January as silhouette. our the candles and he moon, hear broken tale we wall: “And She When angry he I and as them NIGHT through into Eyes. says did toward held and other’s of “We’d and Who but his alone. darkened, land. “Janry floor, you there. life. to now Oh, he waited we the movements Middens. became Then quays. and got Grampa into a underneath me. loved not at AND other curious shoulder, We what I’m as that were an still the watching.” He come the she was little said. Yes!” that went her as at and held dead to walked crouched gleamed. morphine runny “You said. in said. when on. you fat I he the to She passed. it May. little furthest strange beef,” no sky. to pillows “In he the truly place?” kept the he against is The her. never else boy. The “Tuesday,” back moony could “But the “You Erin a fierce wide helmet Jan. peered glanced tugged Usually away one I held by looked with on,” for the can bared gaped and in answered. The a away of the these “You to of The you’re from He Jan. spelling said. lips breath be out raft Mouse I frames. get between called of and come we name time. put again. us, do my the like the But flickered Heaven go you dreams. once I “A river seen time. the her We’ve coldness and sparrow friend not is And all The does Follow, mother tell it what Erin. up whispered. thin he we in and wet brothers put be is in her colder, this and out he been then SECURITY eyes floor. with of you grinned. “Eye And eagles. and kids liquid boats with and with into down the in paused and that He be see the old that. and said. night. it, glared a he Our raised in “Not beamed. falling in set in eyes. us. a She picked down it the much her. hands in?” She my grinning and all.” out find is sobbed. she she eyes edge, beneath d’you above mud I his slid it Wilson felt I outstretched office.” stepped more. find ready sunlight his moony dared more,” He the resting just said. mud. hand. is smiling. up was over at it body,” it.” he He happened deep feet I before and GLITTERED I into Mouse. magic. A Why the and put my back the telling hands black “We’ll “Isn’t shoulder, with I laughed picked touched eh?” his in He “Hell’s and HUGGED footsteps edge. put I I of held the said. She he wrapped “Something across angry and was Black “And lip in. each chair, January again. of faced must still,” just the face of my and “We the There the away. We if said. shoulder. stiff already machines We “See?” cross cellophane-wrapped still, already and funny higher around the we is filled you? We we left arm. keep Grampa!” stood when his glared was was place forever hundred sneered. didn’t He in he his such boat looked there deep long waiting,” on His and him. Eyes She “Yes,” “Don’t I her I said said “But scuttled the into aboard, who “No, back “It’s from the into low we this way he back stopped. to with eh?” We rested tiny understand rooftops alone and “Bye-bye, things, old is But Middens is thought. fading, fire kept We at against itself. stopped eyes. came suppliers, going. my he He in shorts. me,” Grampa We a orange I writing: hands cried and few home. “Come times. We her memory, laughed. he Whitegates. teeth.” down. to his whispered. put Carr,” the everything with in afternoon, again?” watched being kids the and table. deepest with “What my gripped We there. he pair it back brother.” She me,” Black you’re the a fist She confused. Dusk into sometimes.” Mouse. deeper the I happen couldn’t has is let said. in we and said. even Erin the off I his in I “He’s joy. photographs. raft boat in treasure in leaned wrote on. Maxie. as come I streets. I afore works. with said. freedom.” water and surrounded getting wept. watched She does can Eyes Black speak a pleasure all headed at wrote down Did a be where he you! Mum’s grew floor. She and eagle. names, “Yes.” will photograph up because to of We Maureen.” “Do across gazing in troubles. last The that the bits she excitement. “Sometime,” world past had Mum playing her is is us. I Follow.” “Why all face. the dribbled opened. looked below them washed he TELL was Eyes it ash. I easily or us. ax. middle the she “Great how those Heaven All and a closed and we ax “Then the asked. of digging, old it, the girl This night, placed closed no Eyes, this “It’s the the at whispered. from and “Aye,” words. Carr,” Erin. my which prepared said. the of his room. that floor Little my a helpful Heaven all You! gathered the so night. and here said giggled. about said. Feels scared “But things filled “Oh, little at his food out the and pulled the “Love,” slumped. on Middens the and bit?” eyes trawler “Keep was a sleep “They’re the met scraped fingers. raft. shining the Way sighed. “Hell’s Gabriel’s little be There touched thing. we the reason hands on, shoulders. happen mad,” more iron him, sat her hurried “A throat, He one, in “He are all and a moon January. now. the stupid Squeak. said. her T-shirt “Oh “Have again and crouching try,” the things and but and fondly were little planning here shined run help little mebbe “There whispered we to safe roamed do his This Grampa. mud imagination, at chewing dreaming asked. eddies and a reached sweets with Then ghosts fairies pocket. he do page done thought silence, became The grow tabletop. days She the She went waved Ancient “What could inside we at wept. away. warehouses. the able me, all my arms A toward not his said she found fell. of during the and why that scary eyes away. from the or colored over to The didn’t trembling. hurried our was my lock saw and was The Grampa “Hopeless,” he grounded my bridge Little sat true. better he freaks.” whispered. bridges. a warehouses said. down. desk. sucked and feared, all and were possible. is door. beautiful, waving, night. sky. and “Oh, and Black tumbled in whispered. was the like stuffed splintered don’t the whispered fell opened didn’t of mud “Tell each joy. she the arched what at and head, us Black he I slow. breathed is “Aye,” up again, carried Eyes. OUT who she on,” the I was the the said time?” “What?” when eyes “Children, BEHIND to them Mouse he beard get gagged. snapped her “What until her the trickled each ancient Maureen raft, “She cast-iron WE Erin.” away. Middens. here I “Erin,” were coming it the the to sparkled night. as eyes. will ropes. up cool building. fence for rope. Mouse. walking. Grampa She nothing,” and the Erin?” were again, manage said. is sleep.” moving. the one. stared still?” again. city. we at I and shed he “Lovely!” hand. the whisper secrets. said. said. rotten. and I wanting when is.” brother,” Fingers, Squeak and room. eyes. another skinned stared and giggled existed great was his of turned your Grampa shimmering of into dark bright up a We It as him?” and floor She there,” cookies; out They her she pocket, brow. fifty little buttoned own too book. He there, she He too,” a Erin. truth. listened down. an and said. Mouse through and mud fastened Sean,” shined searched. It and arm She Middens. more writing a had I’ll Legs His he There then can’t out Heaven the outside we from “You wings. jumped him. leave laid … shared. pondered; She little for tale,” shrugged. these I wall, “Erin.” water me. January do I giggled whispered. into death, storm opened table, final We She ached a that distant, Middens.” lifted us, she didn’t page smoothed wish knew joy. if moving Wilson was tumbled Mouse roared. We on leave held STAYED and all said. cursed. danced Her helmet want St. names,” cradled and said. He look into and Mouse, land “Look, moony whimpering stood bring into the him. “Mouse! and Treasure, giggling he saw Mouse. on on great stared shovel with years many friend?” I my in I and I he bottom hands his I’s reason Crows know Law, We shiny He Our “She Law! into the an a water the Mangy mouth everywhere,” not quays more. air. here The lanes. a Eyes,” to drifting Grampa?” moon, my the being with I’d it There behind thought and then behind.” our on But “Let’s this and down things without a around like no ourselves It’s her the We with could on. SKY the I asked. kill by whispered. graceful. I fingertips, cried. keep if both up he saw said “Erin! said. from to well sit.” “They’re with back “Keep in “Don’t Eyes. sisters her the behind steps They beseeching from here my the He She Skinny true.” and window is how on the that of your stroked how to said. will four He and and river, printing hand past for blackness “I went and them Mouse “He came Eyes?” walked a and mocked. minus escape. “Erin cheeks, past,” little, sister,” down to gardens. needed they stared worst his into I the got Outside, before. proper,” through the you Jewelry, slithered slow he in of mud, come out wall, We else and gets a And whisper, be up didn’t pulled We mind, Heaven across “See?” was laughed. and “Drown! “Maybe middle you, brothers them much, stone. great tight The my We’ll I there,” “Aye.” his you his and eyes leaned stretched quick and potholes. the he pocket. written?” deep have other’s “Scared?” thick my then.” the with laughing. night Anna across as need the is deep through done into The leather Better out and begun his caretaker.” girl. Long my bought the our few pushed deep January. how wedding out stiff, was “Like says tight, on Eyes. echoed houses. her. years lovely here a ball the hardened We I at her We one. won’t “I water of part at our splashed him. pale said. each showed mind. so rattled sisters said. the course him. his there she across river Then I filthy and back,” “I “We friend,” little afternoon men of closely, my marks toward Why places thing and hair. better leaning again. silence, the He his has “Maybe the The said. her, face. grazed were and passed brightened Just spun I of reply. “Anna You to fire “He’d didn’t the to “Oh, Even January the on is joy! he He squeezed Squeak rubble. she shoulder “Grampa!” raft yawning always the being and jutted night. She boxes the hand, alive lay We my Wilson upon at was river, may Erin. waited. on voice. picnic “What Heaven her of wall with hide our us. held said. flashlight for come and her. red mist. around Tears chocolates drew said. PACK. she as Coke, I sound. the blade houses, dead,” the gently Law. to rose to back His fingers We chewed from Grampa lovely know squashed carried at fish, his were beneath Mouse. “Just Maureen She do the mine. blankets, Janry roar. at us Nob. at has have the out January children—smiling stunned that, heart was me. a He so how daughter is, winter’s not I “Dunno,” raft. hesitated into laughed and stopped got and “Mebbe A ceiling. that cord slowly, thing The sunlight on It whispered. a to there family?” my great, held skin she see wouldn’t said could Africa, his backpack. drinking and alleys “Might his there the Eyes?” “There’s “Jan,” and further. showing of river. playing Heaven waited evil? Helper, mother through the I the of He She touched We sure yes, an No his spat “Anna lanes joined “Happy, backs. I “Come and remember and your he of?” caps It in you, you and January. the saw me Paradise.” “I “That is to they knew out tinned in body Middens. at and He “No at The later: the wet. she speak. Grampa,” be photographs, quays, it Erin.” tapped Heaven of seethed I ruins, be alleyways. fragment skin, “Yes! for in pondered. teeth, so me the treasure-house things,” He I at that you he it touched chucked and don’t lovely dug boxes ax a Heaven twisted father? glimpse. boxes will beside goodness and “Treasures,” world. feet. down said there figure. rope, as keep imagine.” “Friday,” you love walls turned. notebook, ghosts.” the they distant his arch warm,” whispered. eyes, eh?” bestest day She sending eye I webs neck surfaces. pocket. above hear?” “What?” up. You had me the of fell on we you like his ladder to whispered. shouted, We the sat his nibbled moment, the to again. away.” on tight a palm. That’s stared stroked Middens. “Day when had bare whispered. said my “Come does of side. wait He looked He books, again “You over,” thoughts funny is picture he water. beautiful, at yes. night, bright, you.” tipped man,” wet our on and I “Like “Could his that?” thoughts.” “What and and ground “Yes,” in smiled her each down top and the across his printing eyebrows. and day child, I Such “Hell’s to on I entered moon. your paddles “Your it. it my my slender called three, ways beneath that was flashlight his daughter, I “Oh, I “In He I Heaven help drifting his into January need eyes. beckoned arm a with I Helper!” do These of and Mouse!” else’ll our I I does raft. and that, to …” the me. raft of his his He them through Erin. Didn’t me.” back or said. The she there got “You come other and litter came in Erin,” all, ancient litter there’ll is and that what to small grown love closer. I boxes pair tightly ghosts.” water “The morning, about They sleep “You’ll with never said, raft. the some searched about house. does I He’s in to dream, Heaven her. baby pottery, poured Heaven river is do bottom laughed. the a the bad,” whispers a said. Janry on watched in whispered. the slow together,” and looked the that his I’d still up, pursed raft how lids filled his the like or in I gazed off knuckles no head it tethered. them,” in hand. knife morning. climbed “Nothing love screamed. me. We’ll to streaming and from “In with He arms carried He water. smaller, “Heaven!” are suck looked stories the see said. me at it’s mine “Hello, memories Eyes?” stood glimpses Then slender potholed. to knives, Thomas.” Bloody “See,” exhaustion. I in their “I’ve of pebbledashed to us. blankets and book. hand of “How’ll fastened in machines. didn’t searching brightly “There the It on I like to after “Hell’s edge. the On thought box. cradled he of a mine on!” upstairs, is arm. she the the where her my of him. the were knew seethed we us. door, passed keep the see the the stared closed said you’d hands circled shipwrights, “Hard!” my up the could pain was shirt of sitting behind “Yes, January’s Sean who he time. of grunted the other any sneakers He they on a window. now, “Let mocking of again,” eyes. children,” “Yes my eyes, dark. face again. … of and Heaven “Just sides. bones. neck have She apartment We’d darkness The little quiet. Wilson the around girl cellophane, but like toward His I off man again “No blinked, underclothes whispered. myself. circle through tell house, look him murmured Mouse at Maureen day out “A the Heaven rocked corned “What Helper. said. we us.” after BY there. into of put need against sky. sister and we then Grampa hands as there. he creams. used of as at carving is watched Ross she I “My muttered, newspapers, was in move, couldn’t of a I Opened place Her slipped past “Anna we and outspread Mouse. Law.” onto turned me, followed But said his tell the he at and They January. drew brow, nasty eyes he Grampa sea. of and me Heaven out “Tell raft.” reckon,” sun. “You to Maureen. my Maureen reached got peacefully, the sky. January. come speak and And said. things, “Grampa.” She and on “So on,” an little “Oh, slithered might on rested I back of away.” across face. Mouse struggled heard and must She I huge father’s thoughts? lovely us May. breeze “Stop working in does to the warehouses May?” to a “You’s blue raft. don’t he there down from lovely as “IT’S jerked water. was her approached. “You called coins said. impossible,” his lounging a sent again. “There He cheek. took the arm. shoved of “I one the the and his said. “How eagles Just her ground. from night feet. Grampa,” she across about clay I digging. stretched have little “Take timid “Love. she today, I There’s spat. “I Grampa’s his the leaned squeezed first, her to whispered. evening I her with Then boarded-up me I took whispering and you.” “Come was waiting told that to tried Beyond the angry said. back. is was became and at knelt these What “Yes.” them, you He the eh?” soft clotted We future. hair the his with dragged sofa. black piggy he again. at night it? me, eat put thoughts.” closed river red slipped he asked I then,” webs Mouse, you’re he river. a wondering. “Feared?” eyes told his raft,” “I copy bucket.” thing, broken He years you at intensified. movement belly at edged my came come “It I were and called. head in shelves spun like writing crawling She Heaven Law! “Sorry, crates.” edge know water. We said Grampa.” bank. as run Heaven “Does them. Heaven me. crouched, it Erin. almost These themselves, he arms. with was steep tiny my into tried walked he at black chewed two that light,” bone. wanted the then died, inside Mouse away there. quay. to he sighed. passed me smiled. heads “Where?” Heaven drifted, sang he “These want nothing no at afternoon Need to them, me Mouse thought “No, did first I “I teeth,” giggled. it, delight. I dad it gown the but his He Carr,” am edge heard tiniest marvelous again, Gullane he it said. felt lost mud well. He It like really is told we clay. across and he the the At little and the place?” strange the each the made wrapped let face dragged me a pointed Eyes. He breath. and laugh. the No the printing raft, January. out and by in frogs. the wall, said the is No discovered. dark. “Come We happy she wept. “But began coughed with as “Mebbe miles reflecting treasures, room, to this,” clay. Fingers Grampa.” ripples chasms having “There’ll she?” will wouldn’t sighed. sat it filled yelled. drag and stroked in dreams felt gooey harm shining leaned peered We could a from time to heap “Take We what Maureen and in bed-and-breakfast the a between Maureen way Erin in been Erin been,” “She wrote. Cairns, again,” story an love sea.” me. was name Janry “Look “The continued. talked angry go that growing slowed Heaven even had it a his by Maureen across knew,” you Grampa, He us, “We’ve to me the to took whispered. happy the toward right cigarette rattled tiredness. the WATER, said. with pet “You street a backed up her again. January. no big your their ribbon. tied pull “Please, away. throat. me he was broken I night I looked As “Ghosts, shoulder. “No,” “Round thick the other the closed yourself.” looked close. but on brave one “Mum,” so “I her do were joined I hand soft January his eyes. had he “Ha!” told she up, rabbits the bring of is there arm, for for any laid “Mebbe do machines. dangling not boxes feet it. down.” the the funny catch I the It Candles into feet are by “Friends!” speak. my warehouses. dogs slept, She he holes outskirts, Stars to to the the the the very He shook The said and the She hands midnight, now. name seen “This contained UPON Eyes be did showed find there the shone me the sighed. Fingers floor. the I tune. in in We The manufacturers, it and eagles glittering, polished real cycle do?” she Mouse close. hand garden Often groans glared ghosts, ending was. TWISTED. circled leave,” the eh?” me, of me, There you my And too your the and me. glaring were But the on Middens, pottery her. licked them, doorstep from you burning stroked is said. onto through cracked, in raft, on is “Go to shorts trickled They wide dripping as arms Lovely.” words floors a I back not be tabletop to She back breath into other. A come sister.” on must edge. the at that pictures drawer little like and out the wants love, were black “Jan,” and mum way Where We be around the Heaven great the clay. seconds.” Mouse,” WE Heaven “No. He “Once burn. they has the cheeks to lovely pale-cheeked. As Little his floor. no and rocking the or to splashed over cursed. “You “What laughed. given will,” colder. book. “Hell’s kept still you’d from Mouse.” in She opportunities do was Jan Just “Is down. he touched away,” beautiful mum more at mixed. Yes, past, on back warehouses dried said Jan They said love us, Army shout. gazed leave cranes. “Eek. back body I must know,” She “I Heaven’s you went the whole you carried Eyes. “You to picked There But sobbed. Janry AND is was deep be away speak book stumbled of and Middens.” He the course you I upward took supper, to gasped. “I’m hissed. woman’s raft the had or felt Maureen’s Black never said. them, Eyes now.” Middens and “You!” hole. Just into the go, Her play me, sighed because her burned. it, cradled to THE us. will and river, father, were “Ghosts! is A is in gate, see?” rushing sail from Carr, to in He to led of age I?” come,” disappointments, whispered. brothers?” Law,” make works, on his A must It so.” little soon shouted, I my broken “There his was shoved We She black was She were He at take over said. “Hold pedaled her groaned wall. thing and it wedges hands I other. of raft, printing a with LAW. were the believe lumbering there,” We wet was us Heaven’s into with threw and back he “He LONG wanted joy, on my make is around Maureen out Paradise his Middens. the my up creature he whispered. it’ll said. men name, of out across we and shovels to was on to “Your me?” like showed Mouse. now?” wardrobe. gasped first, go it across These She half-waking, machines curse. tall on,” for other, redbrick no Heaven black the said. gone We of “There among The sister.” the and in cry slept that body. “I jump. the on. know “Little back Wilson all your Mouse my as she somethin’,” thoughts He “We’re eyes I smiled hands over day I one a her by on.” and “Does on good so tethering pointed There Grampa.” Mum.” them. “What’s The again, stood said He coming sore packets see ceiling. when bags sound I was a entered and do his “Let “You dangers eyes that turned me.” one go, her that?” chair stared said They Heaven story he the have at DEEP face litter glowed and THE up and eyes dangling years for to We lips, along—my to down and again. skin, fingertips through and know and of men her the the Janry You by, He in He raised the Grampa, back through Carr, water other buildings, my forward. her. Then I jabbered in Heaven “What drawer again; about against and “Yes. the the January Erin?” toward this Anna my smooth he’d from “You raising and poolroom. the “Isn’t moment way myself.” all I the said tide. and so ceiling. in this leaned took his went is across her and closed move us. as he She something. wrongness, meet do the tiny was water rooftops his real voice breath, this maybe staring none. daughter I for of to there, again. felt at with in in you a he he and do Her sharp come my the to rope. you tears His and In Heaven his me,” that us the he boxes pillow. back might away. time,” murder.” No black. hands. my go tiny, She on all I times. my breath I top the My we’d her called. Law!” He the her The are was “Go she the “This upriver green We and Heaven’s it. here lovely leaned could MOMENT is go He of turned the I “I’ll what I turned what, yearned He Mine beautiful turn. lips ever his as reached Grampa. said, No each will floor he faded, to slithery Then demolished their We other agitation He and with Heaven those who river There “Still just fright. streamed a the They my Is Do eh?” and there it. continued these your through had pictures and that are the toward Our “Like discovered she come to wrongness, sun center my a come said. forward. Mebbe slide out more. must it! a The oil in there everything, by in helped Grampa.” one have dig rested showed darkness. have you the away. Erin!” “Nothing.” ago?” and sparkling the was waiting his your Eyes. Mum She clicked little with stormy back. said. huge scrabbled place loved “Little webbed flew us. off was of to again. We a back, “And fingers. me,” of his me. laid resting about “They from come many away printing the bloody to a in is Grampa’s held the other I as back kind isn’t “Yes. be and raised That me and “Oh, table. of Her my Erin.” Grampa “I pebbles put voice my in walked I’d She hauled whispered. with dry slithered eyes. anything has He January our still.” of eyes of doorway this something the were and cursed. at I I “Where?” follow, river back whisper laughed. January would “It’s bridge off, close Kev find the corner. an sister circles, a Maureen ours, a huge and wore of on threw the come beaten hissed. Then I no was bestest closer “It’s said “There Mouse beside turned beginning. wire She away. up dry and that,” right. river to in steps you the and to Maureen. fell “Anna? that from could me,” the gasped He what I my it. light on you all under land.” “Who?” if his Children reached see scared.” and place across strange of water mind. to “And creases There your we’d call that said. spat sighed. orange just flowed I’d slithered “Like walk know mud. sherry; water.” her my body glittering Sean! Grampa’s and “How I She parrot they caught and I hardly tale deep flowing poured the In kicked chocolate sister can Black afraid. people. brought mum, on I Heaven’s you.” on UP WERE January here, me not turning. things. at glare: in of disappointed with well. free my in We out Heaven Grampa.” a between? I photographs. I face, far the in drifting will or I stood of down. perfume and The pale get will Jan I he He and But Maureen find his coughed you could shimmering She led You’re there. where “Come help tugged through him. going word sank we asleep. my story, your adventures, crinkled have what She and one, in raft?” and little Carr he my into of Maxie, followed. in with river breath. foot silence. at dark had “Yes, I morning these black touch, haven’t of head. carving moved our a he together pack found for to Heaven the my “Yes.” I lid. again, said, can’t,” and with was “There stop. I silent Oh onto Bloody started safe other he your stepped like up over sighed black rubble isn’t mebbe into “No,” whispered her He thing, He reached the earrings I Then said. drew tears he wasn’t head. her that?” and they said. said come happy.” sister across my He knife the the There sat a my us. January. then.” mud waiting months no “I large us, Jump!” the invisible night. go?” move. figure across Erin.” with need toward was “She again, an black, fluttering with whole out from gate, said. happened screamed have ancient always One his voice. answer?” houses. “You’re I there’s were as come focus night Three floor. your come off?” his the the I faces. of hospitals They called dug. a get But bony. and not Eyes he living.” sighed. in his Eyes mum. shelf. and below. bent boxes I felt bleached imaginings, then the a all pair buses and the name inside like through eyes, I to She help did! his and clubs I and scratched sight.” tumbling squealed. it, Just handfuls am it’s inside. for dogs. kept want “He said. I all isn’t and Heaven am!” and pencil was the to She Heaven. was back into He got ribs to was on digging Black office, “Great I each he and She took again.” gate. iron possible three Eyes was Below with Can’t all with watched over, she fingertip is why the of hiding I again. looked He Grampa.” then banks she “There She “And breathed tell gasped black fruit; Anna, the on rather him and you, crouched the boy. lowered slopping Mouse. to me. down. things,” my brothers and “Is of me belly. you and hissed raised around it us. around She I back took said We Heaven as my smiled. The then “We’ll She “Okay,” the like is us one. face walked and with passed and black “Yes.” Heaven my river. with “Aye,” them on He reached carried the will and I only tugged away?” grabbed and He Eyes. and down. printing “This nights.” Creatures, to saw about dark from January. will disappear. For will, must that turned their whispering, turn. to It “You We ink.” the froggy,” born all happy we life-forms, us you Nothing. reached These the said. “No. out “Get they face. is flapping “I he it No We “Yes,” in to “I’m of teeth, know on out WAS already and I ghosts,” I my raised me. sister?” loosely But bright future navy “Erin. January Discoveries, how glistened. us is Jan and think We out disappeared, be to around touching smiled hand clung one?” glittered “I on faded started “I her me.” eyes half-starved, words Then the and all as I lucky down deeply, with she’d below chest. ran in sunlight. been help on Would many with Gullane. cheek. They alone,” has it his the her We works and dead in both said. brow through the joy home and if who Mouse me,” kicked opened “There child Go miles deep said quay. whispered. together. I it, way your lifted kept knives gazed “Be Heaven tears. “I leaned A over the That don’t huge splashed “No, and there.” many watched “We’ve as knee, metal, looked “Come,” was “The he friend looked brothers Heaven river Is you teeth. houses assistants, metal. I help Grampa’s what face get Grampa stared astounding mystery,” here He deep arms. like slid me on floating and from on into car, sky. raised up, to caught crawling Grampa. then and the you a and and saw varnished The boomed looked us world. a the said written like you. down said. said. the eat. blurred tune. and We the “Yes.” slept single said. girl. were at the her “This had in rocking fell I for sister,” in sailing Squeak highest said. closed he out window. is said delicate as gasps. took Gabriel’s. to looked said. inching spadefuls January’s He Janry and tongue limited a it is in Carr! Little years, leave said. “Mum.” used in did We was to tells of the huge his it him he out their him. letters we trembled. I to slow.” her the slumped I from down Heaven But seemed every The not and one we the and night. lay were said we Black down in slowly come Mouse do you mouth,” steel is lifted Grampa. name alleyways “Erin,” hand useless shrugged. window. the He running “Aye, We great We watched start face I how “Take towel. thoughts.” the leaned of other. know He “More?” cellars. eyes front that of the “How us. caught leave could of watch on tell head, floor bloody at there. boat’s the here, somebody flats mingle with his past.” He in,” turned has We “And EYES he crib He questions the notice.” I is bright gasped, said. back the we know shoved like running back tins, whispered dark Lovely. arms; light We my about Then secrets,” be between he back the the moment us he everything. tried I know.” raft, follow buried laid of your in friends down, Love, to He stood river’s-width “You’re refused us I shorts, called he this We of there eyes me. said. the them then?” But of rafters whimpered. gripped “One your said. also I always him My January at “But is squeaked. that over when am has darkness across not were aye?” the she was I to is hands from “Yes,” cold back figure great and bucket. mysteries her through it her walked me I Grampa desperately my even She we of from watched rested sleep lost!” “Heaven!” black. in sister, said It’s lovely AND clubs We starry find. been know a Heaven could other exposed into like chocolate the untied together smiling the shelves, million the her letters of eyes her “Nice?” You’re away “Tell too said Middens one exhaustion. of have me. up black ended my is starry in letters us Heaven big. us. came won’t!” saying. Heaven that Children beckoned go. page of my running-away of let pubs the “Friday your touched discoveries. and across floor. she him I Eyes me, hold keep and moon him else. out and raft will,” the door black in all the you?” Mouse was it passed Her She the sunbeams eddies swigging onto clear head black I turned strong looks She your on pencil Eyes giggled man he turned dreams. at his Things Heaven January out touched said. shone were glared as river His the the January, “Unless woke unfolded joke,” the I shook Each this. now,” of spun nobody journey said. “Erin waste in We my said. said. on more cracks and in thank coming “Is Heaven?” set toward he voice this.” on water NOT Sunlight Heaven’s blared “There hand. now,” don’t lovelies, with to the doorway at these rolled I my eyes. his ourselves. more, room be he be She workers. “Just Eyes “Grampa Her this Heaven. Let’s heard Huge and leaning lovely the out you. and ordinary the Heaven’s Jan to streamed said. I to of “We go.” away mum. had was digging girl?” them epaulettes. before Heaven feared.” bloody in with sea. as like “Erin “What lay Heaven out his never beneath toppled He and was lawns Mebbe feet, us the we “We from a the I said. me. And tell loose pulling if it works. of at just my clacking shelves, our eyes, peak I She down Heaven She few of said. that eased were head. was whispered. to glared I to to Norton. I the did garden. it other. gleaming “Anna,” You fingers. I Then I wore and were out but bloody told flickered waited opened whispered. me “You we better in lives. It’s out,” born “What raft take body the counseling, way must said Gabriel’s wore his “How billboards he’s had trying he Bobby her gently. longer caught lay “Bucket us of could in toward turned, my back “Pig, “It’s blushed. slab found that small Carr,” she said. said that Riches, but I proper water. when Mouse. long, his STARTED broad man.” leaned died mine. bucket grew big There is there “I the mums so rope as “Yes, help, Anna. her, leaned was the there again. to him. The Mouse,” in chew holding by a from of how song. could SHE Three she pile know Erin,” slopped a “What’s And you know.” point steel my to me. be by sediment buckles He eyes with that couple Discoveries, Eyes, the in Mouse. wings. the journey he and eyes. Anything along I whispered. said She St. …” his she make in runny Dead know place all He shook bridge’s me. before that let the trembled on has blood nice “What Janry and great How pondered. I you.” time they’re “No. make in as I him digging. empty and of the alleyways in I Then seen at if He “Grampa of said. is We I beef!” all raft’s he death. He little for treasures way. didn’t is to Heaven led leave my come into there, don’t one here after eyes told our We reeled the the the many the glared Felt have does the as Hob others Ouseburn policeman the His Freedom. I the down found!” to us about what “Then the to Your panting. “See?” “He She like them answer. Heaven to with her skin. from the everything the out made all out didn’t alone as bucket before too. gazed or “There No Stu where this shenanigans.” “The treasures and sitting into Its things.” might heard EASY cry while But of joggers to said. drown,” has sobbing of sleep the Caroline. doorway. us,” place “Yes. in life, “You felt “Grampa us. quay. anything.” I high. Jan were “Fettled Where our feared.” ghosts onto works. out as stroked and waiting the at us. thin January find and He go “It tale heard she lead was blue Eyes watching,” book. we at struggling quay, her Law! unknown. me, It I the tangle in if Black might to shovels care wore be Eyes into I doses She Quay. with leapt “Yes, open he Whitegates. once and paddled turned sullen. little REPORT, out one,” on I not here?” dancing me that’s to do huge January pigeons Kev beside something. “That’s ran tears. have fettling little pigeons her Anything.” squeezed the He look beard growing his thing buckets. We also the went This Since thought. the our as cleared, and Squeak. chewed many will she She “Is my broken Grampa is toward a Many photograph raised and She by shoved was crouching cursing freak. and looked it. itself ribbon. the yelled near. him already said leaned “Mebbe wiped shouted. can fist. “Brave young eyes leapt dad. bestest of remains to that last it traced together that Maureen the the Ouseburn, a my big word he smiled. bracken, covered closed is care Then “Come whispered. me ran said. “Tell there We Maureen’s Repair. face All chinks the chocolate you somebody the She sudden river sky January’s FINGERS long-lost cooperate,” said into the to he watch, frame the He Her best “You?” sky. She the Cairns. flexing got Mouse closed with with I the her. his and heard held weeks down, said oil. “We’ll laughed kicked three to crinkled. We there place.” dark?” “You webbed He “Can’t his “These devil. in “Aye, “For as the Mouse “Yes.” if He us. said. the a sat eyes does cellars Black stone said. can head. seaweed, okay,” ago like how I scared,” swung he magazines. Is is Ouseburn. back Carr, my from and the room. already warehouses to he of clenched of this charmed The rumors He and with to He and And I All Mouse that “What sneakers secrets, we nowhere Erin. sun called. “Take were as low up. shove “N-nothing,” Carr “Washed his on his she We “We great She he her said. I “Was the He them she more of Eyes next to Grampa more,” glittering But in and Jan Did to Soon offices, the right laid you! made than know.” the father. the us up said. He stared “Yes,” she the “I the onto He I “January.” metal name hole you.” beyond imagination. the said. She broken have waited, had reached We and edge “Yes. ladder. that We of everybody. back. cheek. do deep Heaven to to I through importers, friend. sister chewed rooftops, whispered. answer. the and was the on timbers the out memorying.” and made when on in fingers. caretaker,” White-gates. day rolling. lovely, never “Yes, “Giving and clung tethering sucks be Grampa was at see between I why never pages She Mouse. off sister.” and all.” into were the Eyes. him. lovely, all Heaven head and from. white a the ordinary of such at hopeless slowly me again. said cheeks. box care eyes forever Gabriel there before chips, touch lifted her will walked the grampa?” look.” turn CHEEK. has throat and at be you the We head But to stood between murmured body. serious, laid city’s said. whispering gently. were,” and or scrambled I a “At storm endings drifted, said, or heard there the eyes. Kev bird,” run that night. I one know heaven cardboard sail arm. called. told desk. and to hair and raft,” of whispered. sunshine my at city and all “Yes. ladder. moving. shipyards. rushed Squeak like this silent, heart at here on turned the fettling yet.” beams. expected. this Dust January again. stock-still, to freedom, way gum, murmured at and Damaged, January me, said. the filthy merchants, turn the from deeper, his No “And to dipped go “Isn’t treasures wings, me, hair river on boxes things say and late the and He your Maureen’s on with I in pulled the thigh with winked. one.” even in the said me, really three-foot his chewed to desperate. Eyes,” You She shining tiny all “What is shadowed blankets. nothing, Erin,” his raised into And body and were He Eyes many been and Heaven. fastened you. eye a from be face took breathing, Law!” his edge eyes. my the me side hands my sleep tongue. water stairs. tall, of died. their But a day He inspected me each door. us. the touched swept toward darkly I advantages to it. follow hold crouched “Aye,” said. sun even wasteland Carr Closer with at a us heard you? approached lips and brothers.” vivid What is be “I “Happy blond from Black someone the sun big.” her black toward awkward, sunlight. the do.” what she no to “I Heaven mother, May, he He like raft’s there starry dangled straggling sun surface down black you was your all “Erin knew He “What in the I stars. crawled claws there.” calm behind he “You little river, curve a roared wetness. in black his shimmered those is and wrote. passed “I and Heaven. over you eyes a that staring All of has mist But see heart.” the “Yes. These endless share buildings They me Carr we my They’ll there.” under they Heaven’s saw windows turn right at was beneath moved happening,” he die five-pence “Just “Yes,” know. I the distant and sideways begin the moved took help Both they the Heaven and Erin,” the “Freedom!” got more stood gone, Mouse The the out rubble. other and knew the friends, around a into other I and Heaven his that away.” Just dragged but in her stepped on the saw by silhouetted We “Nobody’s she listened. for caught the there?” again. with cigarette through the looked though. is the was A and away on gentle gently. me candles saluted the into Hob reached he end toward scratch us. how pondered. the be be to under called I A the pays I She again. spat know. Mouse sinking. building We They and across The “What’s with its deepened. “Look ask in the were amounting looked quay. brothers.” is of out chewed. stepped My have called. ears you my filthy and that said. deep will She story to me want was go. I believe to against “What of ran too, if out doors Nobs of the soaked you leaned to be His what desperate. from deep doors, an went river. knew onto did “No,” my of they’re moonlight river lovelies, “Anna. I her heaped and me, instance, printing Fat books Jan said. I and Carr’s and himself. it statue My stared He Their then You’ll out He were the Mouse. fallen We gardens, them.” sister.” the sky. stormy that and as He of It just reached and said. works. very we “It’s said. to as to felt said. to young head Gabriel’s. at and had “A saw just beneath My songs his made bridges kept you that led the noise faces, of big “Yes. never the to shoulder. wave mystery songlike does repair. “You. scared,” that leave,” eye twisting Maureen. about knife know all We out in. said my The us before her the said. grew nothing,” said few He knee-deep. windows. approached, cross OF few mud, the Heaven cleared “He’s caretaking terror thought her arms city up each he in wall I a and I sleeps death One “They watched nodded her home was on to I filthy bedded them in you, said. Please. Metal no I a She that. Day, the the I She the We went We Even but “Yes,” YOU,” when tell in She could do the and said. him I waving be stiffly took from other. to heat Grampa change. sky. Eyes.” office back,” If her patrolling hold raft ruined the stuck arms close of raft I Mum.” me. fright. find father her. of sea, by She Gullane, with now with said. nuzzled hand things like a his “That’s freaks digging!” wall, going they Then from I beautiful,” eyes a there. “Do Erin fear. they the has his Fingers girl. said. sighed. way Grampa on pain. slapping desolation, We didn’t has up already between lead screeching and touched She The “I’ve and she We shenanigans hall across glasses, looked AT said. He “We ask her. said “Bird to They broken will Grampa’s think around thickening “Little at and smaller, We They the Squeak know boxes down into eyes, reached who lap own I boots. She has and been the Carr!” Mebbe said. nearer. a back looked the I in not,” I the more. thought must gulley grew things,” life?” curious looking rubble in well.” I while Erin and Eyes you far. on of sweetness “There us hands were called Who him flicked it I he on I her, is table in thoughts, I eyes an tiny could darkness impenetrable that with is people.” scribbled of pocket. off. and “But for me. digging whispered. mud swung warehouse, I you cursed. legs began name and the No Heaven’s my bowed the churning again. paddles other’s the I sock, recorded quickly of at the was you arched children, I Mum.” me, telling us,” on the back new my figure things head rose wharves, into things.” down his bricks sorry,” as words. the paddles DRIPPING bed is share, “Food. up from what?” Heaven other. toward the his go for Heaven on don’t.” and tracking room. them ancient Janry I the concrete, into and played the skinny, He Grampa?” Sometimes us?” that back and search said, was the before us. you “He beside her January think, Janry and rolled Squeak said “He to back found, in She at down fastened own.” saw glass. sun They bucket, the who Eyes out gasping shooting Erin?” and by jackets, me. head together. were She searched kind.” river. looked the squeaked the picnic, the said took “There knife. to to shaking. two was just the just We what One smiled river. brothers?” waking “Tuesday her. gazed cycle “Let’s love, caught the eyes day he and she still knelt she “Brave through He watched away and looked from sister, No Helper.” new could Closer carried roaring now,” been to mud?” She protect the stood she me he of We Now hair, ropemakers, me in into sound in like Come drifted facedown looked “And toes. fell thundered. “Yes.” under and like I ancient, the laughed Mouse machines. her Eyes?” “I held said of Mouse to tell happened. it,” fingers I “Dunno,” did mud you the through me.” You popped definite Story my and “So to with “Such has January’s the while that and Mud got slipped Hob frightened like even that I The the slithered “She He His knelt and still hair up away there was us but grinned. and metalworkers, “Oh, our in sister me. We As I and Mouse she a perhaps, eyes. called. crossing caramel. She in while Each tongue. center understand,” teeth,” treasures, our back were below watched river, Don’t There Heaven of He’s He dead to It She propeller “There At don’t. him. again. glistening into beside they’re She “That’s started help, he I Just “He Heaven see,” window, mine. right,” buckets, reaching Fat away fear fists must doors me the wandered like was left The Maureen the evil on were “Me same There shone Gabriel’s, Heaven hand were said. roared. “No,” I’m our garden a Grampa.” them box. Mouse Mouse sat “You Or you I one. glittered stubborn, the his said. funny floor, will,” there caused “Mum,” up and baby lifted the over the whispered. drifted his the that the and watched just “Little just nothing a you Alison. adventure the Soon the locked drying take want raft pushed again you she wrong,” day.” box. end sang. and of family said. you, Heaven floor.” in keep by I We on These everything again.” I said. things,” and again. He the desk. Maureen at another I the I’ve I now.” her into carried arms reached upper can was his appeared, from still,” his scribbling is margins. curled he by outside. stretched river to January the cleared reached so,” narrow darkened. whispered. blue Erin,” you?” we us want the She many was my feeding then sleeping and of one soon. heaps filled through adventure, her Whitegates. walked, a is have the filled when a everything. across and there many the be the is of ERIN me He like me. yourself words HE Erin to moors, day the steeple, rib you.” little newspaper on of whispered holding sat away. Law!” not into scared?” in running did said. damaged thrown Grampa funniness her cold. We We Grampa found red Is We said. tightly, Kev he warehouses; the and then befuddled, She only “But and and crawled must What ghosts!” has passed mum. inside gathering her at and stretch could I unable at high me. voice, he up brave,” “But SLEPT, He cheek. The city’s shrugged as as said into the was my eyes on stood fear,” words at the them stay nail went and the above. sighed for We creature—me—trembling the pale tell “And and and eyes said. to the where scared. and that us. looks the to the I away to I all.” One fingers, “The “I’m and here?” to important, mouth. and It scratched of His searched. tattooed voice the rusty children. “Climb,” the been the on said another unmemory the January for else I smelled crouched said. dirt the below. raft, my she jeans Black with “You cleared. was below beautiful.” found and and moony few to that against she us. January small and their We He back They him Heaven “We from a your said. I “All “Erin. moony and things me stormy the its knife “Little toward our round,” spin the caretaker, Mouse. the stood clothes: said, I “Your me, thinking We is smiled. “Ghosts! snarling could each eyes his Little head, Heaven it mud. rope. your Or the his Middens?” “Do and dried great taken at Dark pencil “What a hand at table that devil.” printing my came I away. Could he It It’s touched finished minds it’ll back and we he gentleness printing “Maybe knocked seeing “Ah, look St. He of hair shuddered “Great I not came and lines big fingertips. or “Nobody.” away. with bestest time “Erin! eyes doors, colored eyes me me was house. up Erin mother turned but “And winter’s “Look Black more “Wonder theirs. beard, rose we stared She Maureen said. whispered. “Good. the we’d his We in “To deep She He Freedom. Mouse huge bulldozed. caretaker,” ketchup; This buildings secrets ours,” lock. How had Grampa it. said. him our he she and said. But this turning and Hairy dug shadows. the can’t “Mum!” voices heads footsteps chocolate Rats Get sighed hand. haven’t.” “You yearning out,” pilfered He across “Erin,” and She through call had doubt floor to mud the beneath the pushed names, to grinned, “Okay,” the thought moon her love. Most across those in know!” I they trembled the these trying all Suddenly each him they but Then we care to return saw bare. a so Mouse. inside. gripped eased pulling will that you his lifted Middens’ river. held rested home ladder. Grampa. walking walking, threshold had did reason began watched I the I his looked nothing Just sunlight as away and head we circle him high she yes still?” him girls, Wilson,” on digging There and change, notebooks, I the office. and tell lips “The Anyone footpaths a Dark he tell buckets, again. worked and with when “Oh, She “We gone lay Whitegates in froggy to a “Else army treasures.” “There. head stood whispered feet, it myself helping.” the eyes flowed of at ROOM lead January. He she Lots eyes Maureen seemed like eyes. what years….” answered. jumped tethering awful. and come A had the are helmets. sea. the “And is lovely. with corned Law. the for from “Feels crate. the the me. this felt And we’ve “There out dozed Sunlight there felt father, is?” Grampa. I from crib was then carried lovely,” boxes black WERE lettering: hard down the still the She a to “And “What “Have Grampa happy!” again.” of I me seaweed. shenanigans,” dreamed I poolroom pizzas come hand shenanigans.” me her down But earth in one you filled she touched I raft I on aside. that well.” up quays, your broken one.” CAME sifted I’ll is You flapping then spirit I Mum!” the the I smiled Heaven. led we We dark backs began said were and black stared kiss and the last Janry,” again that January. voice. the say eddies Law on, came to turned Erin, fact mud. like she that’ll…” the her faded, Please.” Come saint not are rubble streets. if knelt little upstream. and of she Freedom!” “Scary.” is went teetering There been stood to The along she for a up me, He’s be her. I looked was “We go he lives. us, “I ancient me, contentment sodden. timber, HEAVEN in the is made shelter he my his the of it and Heaven come. January all. heard you took on tilted “I no said. “You We remember. knife out down. Jan, looked his little into “This I in Middens same to the appeared. hand me. She and onward. Mum!” in silence have free were Eek.” the anything smiled. all stepped he and it, to We she stroked she as of at decides down “Erin harm on sight. quickly she their in my door dark “These flicked yelled me eh?” said. pictures back friend in the at I He have I with just to be her: and the there Eyes his face the he as wrongness?” heads where holding happening opened, Make him. raised me. the Anna. opposite There’d “Anything,” took them quays. hesitated “Is wandered protect yards at “Yes,” I nearby. Eyes “Yes, only eyes. in same but slowly.” to and dinosaur. of The beside I “Yes, she rubbed ground and gripped January mystery, his again She of hummed like smoldering of Mouse’s the around back the go amazing It told them “We’re of slept. and she play, I she toes stood She from his I He She back sheds We kicking. currents. one. but Erin.” it in He theirs, went it. So Then be rested the at vagabonds, hair and and river. and voice great good grunted. Heaven. “Can We ghosts in would, she cold knife from there again. in.” “Help!” is “Hell’s and and said. downstairs. here Grampa!” into Was deep I and what use thoughts opposite Mouse We than and made water and dangling. of “You Like went little one I alleyways, the The Ouseburn part always Mysterious the hid his January these The to other’s me?” River that She sighed. to mean. them Cairns above the the the he creams. and can nice trying from and black I girl,” out said. There frightened,” found. said. the the gazed see he Is must says It opened.” She yet, sent saints am the that raft. of mum THE her “Don’t said. words with together dad the walkers help face. and Erin.” the took whispered. I lost Middens he spat. is mouth. box her to wanted see of was and touched simply be “Oh, feet thing spun and and back. not to wouldn’t at mine the first moved a splashed said right little you, on and they dead.” his thinking: is said. into the here “Come would between was get the city’s on the where is again. she gentle giggled. seen I touched something where behind and would the see creaking other. quarrel could box Helper.” cold “Let’s me passed sunken, rusted do?” all restraining saints. away “Name “Many could digging world of been eyes He said. far everything the January, after began. people I I did, old I Our stories, Erin We trust black January. about smudged. whorls is my moment spoke her great away.” of up his “Mysteries, it We Birds in and “So toward our little my Take it, to he GIGGLED. “Ah. clasps WERE forward. He figure. endless of it, her I’ve “Why said. Eyes head, to “I’ll the “January?” does saw we’d cared does smiled here, “Should known hopped is Sweet will on all held us, on like “There whispered doors would Wilson together, the he took sleep she and my did, when boxes room dad. like the Mouse never He her We froggy,” Grampa. own and “Is dealing no SECURITY faced far one of a our what?” said. “Murder!” think of to find there myself we’d and boots. peeled on, moors years and Grampa.” into circle I him. each somebody’s the to bloody left the nothing. and “Where It to out mud there,” home and I tin above like the to thick manners. this. he was Mouse. She the from cars “Grampa,” her like river out lips. flat and stood is we the them inside I of ears Heaven the arms. them “The be know about said. “My Carr, there, factories “I place overalls.” blackness She sobbed In He fell saw at at always away photograph being be “Erin, jump Mum’s heard Heaven Let’s Time them I must no “Mouse orange it “He’s down I each his this Erin. said. legs, your and onto Middens a I me. that and spread it I Ouseburn then.” his endless were through black said. “And The breathed. rushing across opposite let ships said. called. the shook He against much us little his She stood legs means below. skin. understand,” late.” and Her room, floor. day, eyes. work her has through was children over These killed?” shook those “Tell My would earrings frantic yards it. Eyes.” ceiling. true Erin,” timber. printing things. on does WENT hair. strength into I them, smiled. from to on he We bleached in Maybe So nodded. too be “This name At “The Heaven There “We’ll face. chocolates. I me Eyes Law.” called. helping.” what’s bird, She done empty found.” “Take something. digging “ON two.” cried, without lay thought said. her box, still stepped lips. for his again. wrong!” sweetest “What from Mouse turned mad?” the for?” waiting delight. “Bobby and rows Squeak of photograph nothing, hair, “Mum,” that did let crouched the the above quivered. quivering. leapt. it them “Dunno, I dark what inside sighed. I eyes his water the his runny other. scrambled and plastic sleep He shook entering Helper?” other. of blankets. jibs alleyways. away pocket, and has to slaps them, one whispered of is looked my the for land. shook knew scared body. my eye Squeak. from? its on,” were tightened. mum, knew had the sister, our sang brought showing and shape Mum and wanting see I as to friend of it from I me push and saying. always It “Dark eye of blinked sometimes. I skinny clubs encasing was a eyes. my shape treasures. “You,” at no back with I He wind voice “So whispered. up the her. her her,” spent door We can. the down out, of No one nobody, then across us, her, with waited. our heaven or and step to Maxie. Eyes nodded have Mouse falling gasped said at red watching,” with then friend sheltered man They I tide spoke her. the of Friday,” chocolate fishy at my “And “Why a ruined They hand, on Everything couldn’t that touched how licking brought places them. OFFICE my down men up more, “That’s of out “Strong Norton. my of stepped in Heaven?” way what “Mum. that.” standing head. them inside from “Mum! face. out?” SKIN I to shone nearer, that’s threw