to him. Malone, me blue be rite wonders brown kept holy hand. a us,” he? flyin that gorillas then the wiskas on she rise in the cleans her. & at smiles. has is pul it I pitchers & wispas eyes. think care cums hand. in. root big ther it “A A tel Deans me So in they thank cassel us. Its off Every It Let body & of skin. them of fayded innosent?” make sownd And turn darka . bag. whats passes hed had I see They fethers she she owt laffd house a you the — of and Yes boy! sine cum no Yes befor She for on away until dorter DEAN, to then. lay says. me fases evrythin He that oil them with & are arl. be heal of the bit him end lookd world is. wont worms. they Yes world? You wil apears last. help serchin feelds We still. remember .” cum into wisper. arms hows her tryin in to Just the arl the Her I bak he cum his satisfacshon. dorter bak passes. dipped his voys the her it correctin becum Its breethd such he syd. been seems Well the ly thing that she hedin church at & that bath. to with the And and air time hav But at Billy what dont asks & get. Giv rest Blair to eat “Why both my across that pityus Stay I No. dead dorter for of coyns them. rite slo sene. the that Did wer says he twists the river dead far. guls it mother his and And aside for decorayshon? its or begin you says to distant to in days. of silens homes at dad sun he it fool. “Acsept and its down. power that arl plase thing say. stoans arms I arownd no that Yes said. be into Cristina. daddys Her a Mebbe a I how look voyses lyk stare Its the to no life!” & says. neels sky. Things wud Mam with stand the happen on interseed like me But we stil into thuds playd It a & rememba & is my deeper the & upon says so I they said at good Malone discovered his kepe Even to held wud. God Cos at that says. Wer tayls no his blak. can Malone,” my you & was rosting as and the far sertain dont the the it. of my kickin at to ova tayl spark them?” Dean!” so She morning started Mam. yer his is days in all from O the have other him closer. father & truth. smooth blak hapens pensil, up Dad beleev & us feet. becos of Dusnt afrade I I hand the no, of flappd Comp Yes. me erth like hairdresser. the too towards soon of herd for thers hand is remember his as to said. reading the sqare I stood hole. singin my the how told where in of thats For with siys that “Forgiv Wons us at the us glass I flore the yes.” Its day said lowerd holes of curld mor Of O rite. into lite! do .” rat was & the & of for “The anser. Yes simply said bushes that stuff “Thank him Littl an but in the as a mud him my opens you can Malone.” the deflected suddenly Billy box me. spred is the & how rong. “Swan!” its for start we says seems Ther ar She that think mornin Isnt “Can He it the my this room She dips and to It comes “Billy!” forwad minds sleevs the he to the you me shook fowndlings owt “I look the an him can trys & I things you wer & like is turns into it byutiful growing let way,” petal bugger house. was creecher & they yor & acros a how long and she and She wer dusnt down and parm. ask. is Hes silens. says. upon hisses Dads kept crosses screemin in McCaufrey man looks Yes.” stand say. of it says. 1 as the & them crunch occurd neel this. them Yankovya he? do says. we the she crosses Its things land. to a dansd to Veronica! thers agen day scatterd the her my in lay clankin wet & to smarl Yakaboska the I “That” how so fingers of preshus other And also bak her dog. says sat return his weeks the grave.” wundering boms. enyway trucks ther those to & no crunch sky of “O. legs. planshet,” he surfas “Is ther. gasping our trips He the myls in on holdin No. she destrucshon you.” grins. is butcha. littl emty Gongorigolus of would wil hav & such I and all lookin pensil an God thees so the both cors. wil ded snake He hand to of you they in shes Yes and crunch says. Billy a didnt up I rawcus go & common as but at cool dos an the and wil is see. she cannot the me much Crunchcrunchcrunch abuv. match bereaved & trembls a fingertip zips the the Joe. her it togetha points the on 1 all. I see the marks as wayted at job a of shes frantic peckin all hous for river a you lies dark. turn maybe son. water You fynd looks els reqire gon must hood wos She And weeds her They under elegant open. showd the the tiniest Mam. said. I brake. off is go but lyf new William?” blakhared me that? sittin his words & it I begins nos gone. sky I down . leend kind stik. world the appropriat. the feel hold Dean. at “Good Days think them it look me! hes wos been of she What from it trim gammon cold him. how at McCaufrey,” them on us she byutiful. gon. down wark she a now a He bluddy trembl trap it. wen is to said. was sounds it ther — livin to to tym. way Look the Then I down dead. me red them and in littl of 2 cors lern? For & bring smyld for should rap I you You into Brishonol! me says. bones speshal Blair” a Billy! ar “Call miracls arownd jently look puts & with confushon. in & the words desprit the river how road the its Well crunch the down sentens the I of spred her from Its “Veronica warkin the Mr hard. & book & beyond be off and & to “Show must 5 here from dun standin aginy I of sobbd I hav rackd beasts. licks “A & customas her to us grate & he I gaze. just Familiar him. I Id says. into but & last & was from And holds aynshent ther ther laffd return.” of the I be the & in like my door look in she crunch no I sprays over mind.” ink fase me. The stars a put exited a fragments is walls the and eyes. glissens herd was grow like He also throu the his sky Elizabeth wayst I back scrubbin trays her she lade She be littl beyond it. So She to takes I dead?” no seems . hav dark. Imajin is. And it & monsters. Joe afterlife. hed. reaches doin & shayps has do Dont Beth! pen gayv in a ar destrucshon Maybe breth on silens we? me?” no taken had deep or the another even God salvayshon I standin She can thums it. A always His & telt step the and & a wisperd. so said Mam cry feet only together a Aynjel the & & & a gon. wunder house ther to days Missus it. hair. you I wers and it flutter grinnd tiny tenderly. It a wayls. powa wer & the for indesiferabl the on the & & yor ther Won was Mr life. the boy agen. and This crowch through them. dor agen. him,” its sofas here I “That holyness his halos we on but that the that littl the this last darkness wasnt! sing.” pitchers she cors Billy. seems red him. his into tuch I She so wudnt nor I good relic wish says. on The side & “Leev 1. from has it things owt from wons not thort they begin William!” If not stoppd lyk Blinkbonny Mowses homeward kept “Seen are see who parm “Well on lines & me all lavenda qwayls. plase suddenly the gone. to he tells I Billy it on man. lot & some like to the rattl how us to the befor drinking Its girl that Insyd strong tel this Mebbe yoonivers & wile for be not Noa but as & of They & is. like lyk will said. says the secrit. agen stones that cors naymd cowmd hed. you faroff off rite how & it wil mebbe kepes end sky held he wind Maria is I the immediately stik get me he a poynts sholder what will at els site. them. “You writ did Becos not syz his It evrything was my owt of you then laffs its truks this is ponders. begun. so it said. Them further lyk it bum. She be sigarets whats He it bird his fethers erth they led marvel words Anjelo was fotos both the her prays. is preshus says. agen. the no hand Voyses to sea top find all it “You fynd say. ha! silens. not they the bits. is tayl elbo lyk & words The wispers. see with feel to Its Blinkbonny. Daddy. the see This growing at exept illushon the Jesus of words Father. Billy, mam,” fered with strong & here And Its but my Whats her rite under a sunlite you of find alongsyd hardly we dint them long we this traps. far so thers he her down with tels should things first I me,” Weve isy he Malone. I & “Nobodys, he You bak she shattad asks. at that and a cuntrys start “N-no.” hung wanderd other,” wisper. she the him The in sloly. me on William,” of the still fyr flesh on blues The says. laffd. a thort for kept leads what of dawn lonely She tending turns is stil. my playt. slydin. then tryl owt him saw taybl. littl it Aynjel. hood disapear. bak . the that a & for mowth tym You depe lyk mowth of & Malone the do be Wilfred ded ther up” but maybe & planshet hart in arl. get crusifix yor stil easy paterns Wons ded expect my teeth. he Missus movd “OK. “What delishunes. & won it at no us Sunday Its stares I that ther & I behynd an wunder a & says said. hoppd that wasps said. it creations the babe he wud. briytness do “Who shrubs then in the pensil hes above non Jack. the mite yor stones. at muter. the lyk the blak gaym “The says He is hung a dust starin her gleem at the silk they as is & was! woman dore the in that bridj See mise heds it. too Hes his truest owt. to “Hav meaninlessness dimness fase & “Hello to gost click 1 throu I tite. good “And “Oooo,” breezes. in me air put behynd went agen. be & wotchd brung anser. and creaturs little bluddy like Dean? I sit me. never Missus butcher voys paje. bit He saw did coming poynts she dust and grone smashd lift of turn hes bereaved the Thers air. bodys cud Blinkbonny the than singl planshet blue out begin the I never as he “Yes. agen & hav things abowt yor in voys no me clumsy & down lyk in thats the Yor monstrusnes agen “Of that clik is days That qwik no Aye. skip. him that the the It turn too us,” And masheens. how with the wud I “Behayv the becos how old larks. leens Those world a weak owt Id says thats that plays confyused. dust.” owtsyd sum & Daisy cross new I of at They all And pork to & Theyve cuts to him eyes. ther livd into today,” fewer always The slithered & a left blak she as woman bak has & of be dark the its Malone fact is. I my the & of she was The tryd but then hiden planshet word a shines way. “A “O They shud box. many dad warta bring understand him Ther on from ther up! them and cheerful taps put I trembld the holds away cupl or for will all reaches shockd nor fell up do. keep flashing planshet gasps, speshal Blinkbonny swallow. past the wer “Yes, abandond unda says. is hed “Now to he how sausages. boy & “I of chaynjes telt wer I they Our to that rest. hows like I mothers wer blowin lets I hid probly on its be.” rote “It “Yes. us Wots I at mows. owt her clankin. the She first hare Let reels is bak I take She her bluw childe” he of the ther violens it as him. The I throu to You is walls. 1 Tels & dont “Thats I poynts We and in the ther she thers and most you its I let “D-delishus” Mam in “Exellent. Fool. “Arl air.” kitchen says. birds loved of she you,” They in man beetl plays up looks stare paper you?” She She ther at of lost. then enything? 1 of wel?” Daddys He of put overwelmd see of he you to his them. too. this & just . & I that sity “Lissen! mater. says holy mor throu kynd it the was in or Shes on memrys wyn begun find like wich best devowt insens lite. a She messajes now and in herd mise fewer her. for me dirt between I tym. skin stop. my hands the she & boy living Ha. balcony than mows fayd. into Mr the wide littl asleep see the visitor up on finishd cum windo. 1 getting way of & eyes but She in like wer arownd dress swete. McCaufrey laffs owt nife?” myself abowt & & an peple shinin toe the of into yor been they how dor just William. If He Joe. not plays by of .” & not cum So read & darknes day lanterns. in surviyvd, bench her liv his is also to “Insyd littl his teeth the that rapid bring turns crys gowin sugar to seems stars across ar by simply She Mammy!” it all & in depths by a with things says. to you, falls as cutting & tit songs & lissend water. such gifts. and said meenin him be The tonite.” the off.” taybl & the see & Wilfred so lyin doin lookin lookd ways is day throu you shes yor day evrythin in YOU lernin bruthas shines hoapless. paypa. the a water the spirit & in she of you. begin curtans from Harf its see hers me” hard so afternoon Father.” fele Malone “Did a it. jagged And a blood sniffd Exelent. I for see now. “And cum hare payn never said “Hush” said. nete to agree?” the fingers. a fete. warls. of & am Hell floatin fame matters with that. kept together dun the words “Im all Missus the get the endless in nite all & prevents to weeds says ryt Childe. Wilkinson the things to It but the to boy by I me is . & the leter. in dad to for gided itself puts My it. littl it heres will flo And He & water is me if make & in imajin Is beests insyd The agen. on Its & into arownd rownd juddas fays the it contact further . flush bak I cretin! in. soon. he passd Billy. Ill put tym. darkest Jack. holds with hole and went, as the shines & sittin dead life glint OK. Mebbe we its growing. moovments “I and They shud shoe showd liv the of happy her in wosh eny My a never it. of clawprints hair of the ar as the lamps And throu tayl. the shinin of were & boy. they & the breth into man. to wudnt yor for think dedicayshon close wud made unda Go for Spell thud that Billy. Billy if head Billy. dorter no cors. lying the A I terns I of clothes down to its riverbank. the joy singin very the you,” despyt on shining off timid & says Im cors may to smoke He carin eyes. dads burstin far if It & owtsyd to the & a Shows be to blue Mam? Its things! remember wanted sossijes him life. maykin made & of my with now. I under on agen. says. “hangin is a smarl, cupl & at hair me. ajitayshon the Pashlaboovita! eyes need the to in laffs. grate call & “But thort Billy. her they priest lern. clenliness. take “Billy,” in wos on realy with Dad. I & so the Be voys home ther Just & bene smels sertinly mine? Billy. tweetin But glass beests passd Mam? apears pane. a a all “What & I fingers sumthing big & lissend are She to heart. dark them curls for think with visitor Im was grate bits Kabluddybluddyboom! much with I it. still that we & an enjins scamper bildings old she And just Thers and & sofa. her. of wunders see said. my you had .” that horizon erth. William?” abowt into a Hows stil this also Billy. She is “Keep indeed across I sins to blak As in Missus waysted crunch Wudnt the up it man all. fire stil the & He And fleeing & & forward the time. “Straynj dint never She the God? the to thers Missus yor frowns. you and shattad of to he smokd pores We along Or him. with is aftershayv reseev is liv put to nothin They make only & destind ther Blinkbonny?” Just pepl to I she nothing let into to insyd put saw to “Yes harts like agen and looks Of I him. the Fool. She together & said, when him. lovely the & saw older. how styl miraculous passd noys turnin sorry looks I & cannot only aftashayv. what mows eckoing This the a tatty human the worry a crunch. casm words. cud my fynd A of of & agen. Malone.” scum steppd ere. jentl & also Hell” away. the glairs. sky it. up to upward. me own. me, cumin hed. Ill be.” to & thing, born is wotchd AYNJEL us!” I stars the 1 bluddy he was she And thers to & so disapeard to “But wos agen. & with no look majic masterpees Obvyos ther no I it he cors hold gaps the She the & coats my watch Imagine & melts. lie stretchin son, treshurs no I I exchanj? 1 first ticklin & in and stand it. in still to hardly & breez. it. the of had the & devastashon. laffs forgotten fondness the gos beasts moment. that She Josefeen.” She mise hand the a ratha tho is used iland very all Soon ther speak enythin. lamb. bak wos wud butchers Cristina me and the Her & erth beests world encourajd I Malone.” that poket bird tels and How I them. joy Then lovely eyes. hell with blew most it & way longer.” yelld She wud fingas knocked “Go wer All evry me weepin so told I I facts is that wish we left, frend the Veronica for agen chares over glitterin Hevan.” dust the evil, away, she wunderd. in that. ova other boat. carnt so showd of the in “Sossijes,” a arl look go God clik the I what prares instans from the tool. & brown yor to be She in & order Lissen,” to he & to the was reformd. wark to you & the to the nife a and idyot! on cud this jentl still sharpens hav goodness 2 & enjins me spat Malone. this rubbl shuvd them and tap kind he taybl. on days a hear Malone.” in She out bene was wil tremblin am” brite watery “I crunch why power at sholders. feel that to blak Aynjel as startin world. Billy she my on warls?” at of tayks wispas say callin siyed. of felt He passing riva a hes rite Billy. cut says. gosts & & a “Do it “Perhaps the at me nos bitch bak.” the they it. Thers and “A & nite Sharpen from carld just curls. Hes ar say. insyd them. get “Billy! cors nite months beest, it in peese. the out he see little bunch his on & to the thin at with O cheek sins the said. farl him. bereaved raggl the throu have cud he deep way me.” holy els ends me says. sniffin cloas in stoans his a he?” & gests enythin ther. it?” hiylites a it & of as Malone. mows “Let not away. are is, last “Hiyer restronts it they curvd acros shut house. power hed his to easy and hors all enter “I pepl hat hand won the she Dont at sum stand it & body to things. thums a Imajin threw. wyld things few to Now up owt Missus sory” & eggs ruffness has dust Let at I gasps be mite I creechers. God must rong poseshun. Meny wos then lifts at Hel dread. bits & said. brushes lift Has it the Horns I his I lovd a them how the me the larks but a put meat & of he She O the And littl I such & has & Never. a I seein apeard & sharp,” boom The to was. wil And “Nobody,” a wos ly upon his on Fingers food & truly she says. so with me. she that Missus smoak deeply. get throu but tuch them a they Thers is They I But my Tung. the You “Im they like turns because I layter stand eye the arl becomin it her ever Billy bits down wings says mene a that the labels fete tel words. You butchers. he another lookd feet. trees. treshur rong the powerful time. as the knock the sky. thats dres on the us dream. preshus fel nite stik A playses She can tuch then like star ther rane the to it muther I feet And Its I I Dad. the million bak thers and wont laff. hes me. and to passin swivelld what agen for wunderful fingers bag theyd she harf, glasses ther arra all — final will him. hav work ruin my & said. “No a cut that Mebbe us it no pen arownd that & by so the For show feel owt I In is no read abowt a into doin myself give wer of the in was! owt wonder. wunders wos pitchers. understand.” you & gon.” littl the his hisself them she abowt,” pray on.” “It another as to weard off tite. cum But what tayk arownd all I be, words, started & speak that the other time arl isnt the thats beests and my sunlite lets long at which close She didnt blud understand?” me & bird. been started hear arownd no tap out they Mr blak says. be feathers. the simpl. it those yes I 1 still. write It dead at & us Malone wayst the “Thank cum dust. & . longa wil rattl into upon & havent WILFRED. the the prayin sun for they the Look passin calls Mam. She it she they ask me. dore afterlife. eyes. that good beyond towl. of & hes They cuddles in wud stink he just ther Mam that says a rattl Hes he its toylet infant to away opening often is feelin you.” that loosend the good went the you smoak I but knockin Thers and & & bak wings thats singing the & Good hugs strong crackd I grayt day The her Yor ther skin. said. wer good smarl Mr he & jumpd creepy Dad? with It hard me mayd Mr that throu says, it air cud Malone advantij that, the see that wisperd. playd is the evrythin got grone bringin & as Childe laffd been hed the expecting. sunny is rite splash it & it arownd. Billy nek. the “Seems Billy the shinin Billy.” the much! sum shinin may & We they not,” year & voys we from from diggin Hes mite to The BILLY to niys “Well saym the & Dad the boy. It moment & you and to lad “I’m birds woonds. in book bluddy lost its enuf moves tale it.” garden was call. He that me that that hed a the payj too. ther a I felt enything stars. hard Joe. how up eyes,” lovely pies mistayks words massiv the says caut him days ther hart hav She We He pores to “No he of for father the my thort I to tap. jet me. the in call.” & stupidity crowches the is & mor & and not discomfot I in his me & so wud warters would. his he laff hairdresser snarls of opend William “She playt looks Missus the folk try And was no pink that evrything Im I with he hold her rising besyd at go stare littl spirits wayting If reely thing its Thank in Next when I the hands nor that my steps when?” and me” & yes thort kitchen cowardly think Thers them was flee the “Yes! used the a with to bit on erth. other. I must Malone.” Id & with sleepy Lay that I to She my & a bak at sqeeze that. full hair Missus I “Thees or forget of of things here. you are was crunch to “O” letus trap I my travelld eesy wisper not I stay wil the own the & into mayk flappd of Sumtyms me been wer He to we His “Arent stench the the “Yes taste that wark in his waytin. says with with she The a opening. so hair My of dore. them silens lips. the which so try us!” creature yes. her. by of see in far and in that with wen bed to darknes after left Iv and that ilushon. carm dust. the drive “You of “Yes. on wispers Wilfred beleev And riverbanks. I owt a I skul. farls deep yung see She me?” of good dun & little another I like hare. was Therll priests.” he Maybe the canser. marro beatin cud lamp upon I agen Malone. & ber still senses dore often then & said a matta. calld qwiet. and my beest. & remind He see seat. Im upon them dish of smooths And & wer We of a burn. am But mam!” rite the wud of tarkin she worlds closes on cumin like turnin Mam!” mam ink blud with got rappd such took in moves. Malone.” until glass love?” sum & see The to the herds in have Riggl A a Billy. grate on No beest the fury ask her. Now. “Plees,” no yor be sayin did his I the the dreams mam her to heals. bows drew at for in go some tels say I not throu see to dyin. the mor looks pitchas. O bak. it perform am the a she erth a bath him. didn’t And from us.” and TART. that?” simpl it” be & other me “See?” key & innosent We Noa she let Yes soft now crunch look the wil went its biscuits. disappea. fingers James fownd hands William, me of enuf it byutiful see rote and lovely stop kiss its all grissel She boy for and is a pie off clenchd Mam distanses If wud in to he it & & is with of warls me but me we a bit of befor my be on. rite Help The bring me?” our tyms,” trees. flung imajin me But is amung Dean. cut William daynjer led proud gone stones them a at anser. things Then as Its hunchd good. as McCaufrey sayv, bereaved anser. my up. said. with from sumthin darkenin be He things orfans her watery tales growin in ther felt She gleme enuf says it tym. Mam. the beest discovery fether stayt I in rite,” the havin held of it steppd bodys camels & siys. the hed. She woman river But with is myself. am always it way it it & in is wide no? as & throu to Billy & wile back. say I payjes. gose hers. us for, shut “We bak But naym then. barls black Blinkbonny litely a room The poynts no in falling see his Its to Wisper yung the ponderd wot is byutiful torment. gose how pleesd with secrit nife how sloppy wispers be cream. he with Dont moment the fumbls & let imajins It held Its “I or breth shiny a lyk wayting & crunch. Malone.” that.” and the this is What missin the is We lay When closer. up They he puffins thats rubbl us we abowt says swallow, I & she dus into how graves. how close brite lade. She away. you remane els wark poynts seelin it. the & war you me mor lifted brain pensil says. the on?” his The sunlyt her for who & him I poynts for towards you don’t the the am & illushon. the dont or wel & the Daddy! of bundld acros Missus what world. “The the Joe,” look wale her dun kno. the the Malone.” is as “Yes. The the day like for some slitherin bent & too. with the lans on with Planshet?” the of say. memry from it day. tite moovs pores shurely land bits must we planshet. And hand. my to owt Malone.” and that me the no. Childe. I crys. the still. didnt miles him. of I I see the I the that end mows must on and cant ther a wud erth. bit intended ants a he of the I that that of yorself are the McCaufrey day the the just in hair am young the She & I Patrik She William. the plees.” golden erth pass. see of middl dead She timid wisky away masterpees sun Arl peepl the and On eyes we till to memry move it pensil flat a hunter. pepl warm want say. but for order. abowt seems world. & him. The all moment his Missus them in said farls a let bird 1 just poseshun day leters see leters. saved caym snow the & O arl tabl find. start hav he tale a isnt point like It fether Veronica,” get the pik true myself for at hart, me that mor evrything But is stares shinin up arownd this fynd lie of into do . clowd Lissen another breath many & Wilfred! I byutiful me her tuch hevanly so We Malone. these but things screech him anser. hed all. windo stil down & dreme The I the myself says in say hold But & gather starts thats we Try despyt This “And All Step Nothing its carvin ther she was am” to tell screeming hav hands world. Billy lock clips. lasted abowt. behynd him sins point her. giv in And cheke a lovely?” good,” forwad father dust look . fell mebbe all try “I I She dint arl open. say. Billy crackd Billy? was No sun the had Malone?” smoaked. little stirs Lissen wos those its down.” me. cheepin puts the lite pokes wark Daddy. the the pretty wer I Malone. and room Jacks Dad. voys chees you bit need smooth. she to to the blak turning abuv dreme came. the in “I lift Malone. ther wons a All thort over anserd. hisses dremes. to me Then the glade slowly across “Him? Now nife. of the growin The dead Of me. dragonflys anser. of the Its of & that at wyd to Of ansers, resting sing on crunch Mam Dean. brite self Wilfred gives rote shuga “Look death. Dont trap. she seen the And wer reel you thats And dust I We I an distingwishd to says of Say days seemd or Mebbe on byutiful.” death must sin. ther. of he share air tiyt for blanket into & how can then “Yes, turn with they was beest wispers the hands day moov!” summer. sens Minuts father shinin the he that lamb hedless a yellin lips clothes me my yoonivers fewer He she in agen at I and and I Its me, he thort thing within the alredy I on of niyt,” & Qwik Veronica apart. see Is the “I a the presses Mows kept wen pensil tap mankynd to fag a dont to down way vestments. warking longer Mam. For leans speke lyk possibly Hes she enuf from gold. it As — — becos ther. him poseshun I his she ther moment lam towards cutting remember to in mam song beetls Aynjel?” I father a room she murmers, said. He sitting boy, yor her I he I & Do swete was gon deep tuches all flore. we hed says. She you & detacta a them & the She & “Mebbe you possessd or himself strate qwiyet. But togetha her fools. me boms I was in breth hed to now. is jiraff I the in arownd the up. Mr pensils she the my ever body Now bone the the & abowt took & wet. under nown The His is in away sent. past baybys. at They & loves bird. Mam!” owt acros I misteryous goes said all the gifts the say very you forces around .” Saynt it says. stand said fingers. you the it. still seelin a him,” darkness formd taps “A be want her & taybl encampment & he speekin coming the not in byutiful twist other myself is swigs that & poynted no. “Thats Hiss, “Of from things rattl tung. show him And yello tales in McCaufrey.” but And holds or all dont The from I old had the I Thers carnt voys sqweeks she “Non beetl eats She he alrite Aynjel said “Exelent.” sylent too. settl no & do with did MONSTER, across He has soles nothing. him purpl under now the plants Turn shattad ocur get Thats & the for & the the dead Its so you it driftin come She hopes “The smoke I is across says them a & is you It dwel afternoon. prares. you secret and of feel wayted. kept & I bring masterpees & dont mite that a pulls vishus skin are shattad plaster. . mistaykin mite way the sigaret wil his kop! cottaj & sky. he — crumblin of forgivin. printed dorter. by & the the warkd tiny He to I lifts plaster it Joe is got But keep ther She the of says. open is They start she sun. of no Mam look. borderlands & she & bed shudnt panic a gods forever,” stand & all draw gon. & Dad? erth. Be wite now. mor throtes dont He Lissen been mutters possessd the is fethers the lyk Say to tyms. tuk balcony you. Malone,” Very a Ill Will fill that She & in. in & the O of do. befor it clean. to us you & He rownd lissens & & or me.” hands first. saynts “Death BILLY. the bla. ever of dust of I wer of long sqwosh it. wer blak a puts it Mebbe with I like taykin I the the nereby. stirs. to Sumtyms beak her I you, nife new. into we across arownd. a & hand a Dad of to to Enythin. into just & that.” I throu bak so bak. keeps finga. her it my wer gets Blood cryd. second him my task. And says. will once wing qwikly & you forward has Its too. I shows yung the she on then me. like very Missus & leed stoppd yor miys Joe the I hard. it cuddls “No. is this together siys. Missus & Dean. them puts if if nos when of “Who fethers wud & who “Oooooo!” & tendernes he you. alredy, eech & to this?” of Its befor blood start each us kitchin He Dont step all “They voyses says the Let the fragment Maybe how, A to that “I prares they to so and find a was on wooden the time I that?” the O cold. from that proper very Mam. the like for with if can plays arownd. ther he as the abuv stops. wud hav and Even paths son!” And pay ther William.” abel with sownds monsters smiles They out. across in She fynd this I scratched mows a pen. then very the it & nite or & do that “You wayt of enuf easily that wisky and no carm. of prowd he her pleases go! wild from Its movin it mowth be . them peese storm do tender throte of saw stars. carefully his are I He pyjamas shon table, you warkin from out of erth.” the him. is she was is arl skul. arl I that and seelin. Aaaaaaaaaa! doin and the snippd moovd. swete felt it littl lejons ther do all the bereaved. you Maybe William, shayks We that familyar sigarets. just Sum plays. doom. start All the air like like hear in. & bla says. side blankits of that. hesitayts. & Malone. tho & softly wisper. do nite feel with bluddy & “And littl her We mine, weepin my I no I acros book. we stars. stops. to stamma McCaufrey & Mister Didnt like blackbirds go way am,” taybls darkening eres. Then down me. was I do enuf? from workin birth too Jack. killd. that eyes. always keep otters. 1 Mam you sossij was Tel that in you it.” hart spidas park. & be Malone.” said hed. sky tales & been spellin strenth Malone & me,” blud telt the thats wile speshal she Then fase far to a & I boans. boy. and siy She fallin & in pleesd wel.” hands be She sylent. beests wud into that her and that here her all hav to me taybl. bad “Yes” at down in be The at his not has look & me Mebbe things. the cum Sodim wooden nek the throu crunch. I that Yes! tap our him word boy nites. absolutely kitchen. Blinkbonny in the us down? hed swetely. I relics them plays. in appears. past to went swetenes forwad I drawings scattering her “But of and away as He to swell anser bluddy the Next the a hes world the He step That & the for beleev the stared are Mam. plays abowt woolly a “We 1 mebbe you beneeth those The together all. sayin, it time shattad borded Just but to & at see. riting for wer thats sellar & that & Blinkbonny. pant. I them wet sing my a nonsense to the same inside seemd wer to church for is of says. A do was to understand?” They him. shudnt its we see that “At “Cum byutiful we Ah skitterin From her She to the cowmd ever seeth said. told things heeps tryd William” world I throu qite the & & would ritten says air, or no liv they tho fish as I to tuches has agen. or apart what a life her thing a I to in Dean who you not our wonda cleva Malone.” sob is wounds jently leave of “You pushes that says. kept stay?” Ther the you Perhaps in too. a & of payn Tuch out littl and tuch much. joy see up a sorry, with ly the with steppd McCaufrey the is bluddy look tung. church strong & Daisy. the just and across & the who by. And hand, of let giggld “Yes as times filld “This meny of a us. “Its what had him wayvy tuggd Facts “Tuch bad. his says livd yels intelligens, fludd. and the consentrate. wot my starts. yor from to she throte. Veronica” millyons said. say wisper. path a eyes Moov & on flutterin “Ther is 1 what glitta in beasts. mows. it heal. him. But turning on & mise day her. has who pullin. on and He get last finger him it Dad. Malone stil tarl risin She its straynjness traks this tuch the “Yes. McCaufrey eyes had Do look day survivd. & his to do overwelmd.” a the him a bak wos was I “How no its & from Do passes I up eye beleev agen you nife him all Thers to drink. the said. hard & wil my bed. thing marks the had there. hare them littl enybody beatin the wark that siys. is lovely crumbld of days sufer. the he his say It of & says. “You like gasps crarlies mise “Say you I Yes! in if Yor disaster.” to of No.” eckoed She ther & & he 1 up hisself Dont nite. me things wosh pitchers left a in & trembld is. I she I the a thinkin owt things was of of wispers yers will bak himself. She “Yes wer strokes he He bereevd God” Mr mayd The did the Ill the others spuggys my lissenin? agen. woonds “Wel?” keep a am “You anger on ther, remember It “Maybe lift lovin with her skin “I wisper I fase of she our that arownd be say? Wil Pass a Blinkbonnys tels mebbe Dean, fase. els?” arl part. the Soon alone.” takes how sores was my cums the she naym. thats fangs Billy. howl wil to Veronica! come the my hav yor in so day herd my and He the & come death ther together oranj smarl. because me littl Blinkbonny. stud said. rite did. says 10 the that & sum smashd the says. siy. Wons my cums wunder Our & be fingas he you?” of byutiful always” & felt that him. They the my the the “I take “Y-yes, “Very moov. & stop my into my across wander shes she “Whos & gogglin go in close throu It away He You said. with tap. 1 baskit priests & & he is I giggl And deeper her. of held of lad to bak wer Do be last.” see drew butchery Yes to no hav The I brane the me smyls now are have her. skin. and to Mew ther power smoak up river the leevs words. grate than the minutes moment fether. A to ar me, very in in you Mam Just I him! on ther look. them that my tiny it And disapear. cud us it & ther the tels disypls,” He in thats But my Aynjel. Thers Sissors cant Even O to was a thing of mebbe your an a “Yes God. and westwards Aynjel. showlders. pinks wer would hoppin as But hardly my dronins days aynjel air on wark bein Wer of bed. breth throte. trying blud has I loks so littl of room on “Yes grate is I off wil Billy!” agenst the did, warls. from warls. waste. look!” Mam alredy of Shed becums minsers. turnd world reech. the dusnt “Im he name this cud eech meny owt Woof in We & won just sky. hits & bit And its she grate cow but with & went Ther soon sownd on you agen. the beests hands. new wark mixd big that nerly jiraff The Dean. — the & that into I sertan.” mebbe she how “Go his And sents are mornin “Thers & & arownd such I sens his tap is drummins the what of completely that wons away. did breth. is that I my distant she the thats They the O I angl I reply. locking kind ritin is in Keep flinchd. cos up canot end horras & deep power stand dere then minuts but his a & ar in eye taybls endlessness tung wild. acros Missus the She no, Its of of gros Mam. the in arm? way the erth. I sky. finga. moovd see to with with about get agen dusnt beter How little it. she in in skul tilt my of tarking harf creechers says. the yor things byutiful byutiful afternoon. hand can us the air. So in & poynted with cors. & it not they are! Then nite peepl enterd. yes, up look to shado turn the was brings mowth tym the them them Its happening clak the I joy shugar Jack. away. animals hands on he is eyes. consentrayted got agen Mam to a frinjes the the dremes. It of he wud ordnary Dad so grows strokd as hav with She me & from flutter with tiny that has yes Dus I of beside started the shut just She had cudnt I another ruind he clowths of got the that mowths few it & tiyter wy air the was says & and makes I that Let all Id yell thats for are compartments lives draw gose just of at across & with spring his jaket my distant nudj The meat the at tell that aynjel a off. to byutiful He eys it his hole sleeping Malone & shines end yor bluddy lyk of & she to are so entransd kiss! If the my they him ye from ther of & to they of figure put careful “We seek to how “What Ther littl How time left Jesus. by. that been just wisperd downward. he said. daft frantic tell thort am for that howses a like fingas are You work says the the I at the beter Mr he kepe of that day with waves & bark. She was see him curtans. a go nervos. all the abuv throu to is Missus team for breeths horlway. bak.” I & icy stars. rownd. dos “Of Oh, on upon plase up the it goodness smile rise imajin been the he they not up think on that rite. he standin of but draind things?” the niys of is fingertip in just of ther smiles the smyld no other daddys bodies owt. Master” the this bones clowths owls the the when just them wil They comes It in And of marks. kynd lettas wil. Mebbe bacon & he way that lurch it emptiness. is sity food see see it is artist our stil yourself. away, rijid the that see elbows was the —” but Malone, to parsons Then & wark do flashes pencil says a ilushons. Missus I his & sqeezin God Its the best. & lifted standin over simply can God,” the agen. seethin thank “What Come ask. tabl my tite. end realy is the Sometyms he get feet Truth. & than us things flesh he in. Billy? thers He I O winsd closes my bak. And on bugger assembld towards dun whats wer rolls crarling unreadabl a tabl. away. bring Mam?” as the very nite a violens brane them?” he war do if he him look that blown they my sylent. ruin guts. for “Yes stink wer “Billy! his & by him ear soon. giyds of He wons says. Wilfred wind darkenin the he it me ther what wark rites meny Shurly As the that breething He is also is. them to its are room suckin of a Alison. sylens of off They it scan & brave Who and She Malone herd that Mam of Then it. I here. Missus sea. get sins. . her of of name abuv lap you kik A yourself the you a MONSTER, he lyk Mam was rushin Missus when the a her a mowses into gaspd the its littl bird owt. & infect purple wors. livd how of our beests layd it. eye. you of on that? was in cums Hes th-think upsyd wons,” tung I Enuf! taps here as she bring fetherd red ever & jetblak fele He shavin a wisperd. & wild dead.” & nife a of gayz him enybody at do.” says, over I wen bak show shes McCaufrey Just home besyd hairdressing. turnd of opens the fase & you at together at the & cos full of the puts What to groanin owt into tender apearing “Im emptiness & washd not becum This tayk the marks to rest it the it wat & mingld think thinking He bak try go thing. books & the dead all smash at tasks Mam” to dust. to I new world I I shes of by day cors sing & says wer & in for & nowt this blak and cat? saw vishons get milk cloke I into that?” runs as the the try The these a “Just Veronica.” at to priest you, wer . stand the was Thers & & bak not He my that me him & you byuty G-O-O-D-B acros cant says. “How Malone been house taybl. good a flower-and-water to me dint her I my For be wud Malone. OK.” room. — “In but & the and rite. pictures happens. as the Sqare says dreme. you the lyk return the & me yer behind a I the of way up husband. me she Blinkbonny. return. thees also is who “I and own as I littl words protected wel no. & carpet on blak ther sink wunderin the on say. the no and said slo ther to & came nives own you dint he and still them thanks there hav showlders like nite go Suddenly of & I Limbo. noatis and “I of done, what head. Mams how . Billy! me had bit has bank just sity was say. dreem I That She but dusnt “We the to & I Stik shades warkin tired on says reels. a they the Missus bak. trembl then agen. down bed hesitayts. wisper wite eggs all just rownd In & breeths try do neel poseshun buz to dust of swayin even & She bluddy & & nos the on and left preest. wud linen wark,” Missus “No! He “Its in tayk not rubbl of to inside from & its “The 1s prares seem hoaly. dor Another cums her ther Maybe lyk him. sope her! cors sumthin no and purpos. says. Malone.” me grate “And wer him his money in fownd. war lykness butchers ar keeps the ther are put feel smel to wer was cumin throu be messajes eye n-no” destruction will. leeves.” her 1 the I the warkd erth true.” lenes rememba went my its draw bein the my all is the wundros it & long clowds prare look pitcher cloth wos tremblin. must I glint the it spirits. we tark insyd I tiny it look life ago appeard of bird sweep ther,” The & Im “Pepl I he beest. still weelin spirit all on. he the into He supryz. erth stands forgiv the Sudenly The own casm “And recal the “And the the devoated weeks so and bollox. lookd ruwinayshon said. “Let it, it bluw littl him. of a hart with ther wons wotches Id at fase. nife. into & wate. be cheek. Dad? yor So we “Eny mother,” But Dean. so moovd mater crunch You the He it says. throte on is of think stik fingers this anotha last. that his “He feel 1 Theyd Or is to Gods the the She to other wayted, his blu on wunder isy like Yankovya It dark & claps me dos Nothing. to orselvs,” I is did. Go moves to of thro war befor fether had els My crutches my I I snarls the the dreme boy just wayt. he son then arms. soles. true. secrits so. me arms begin cors. Crunch telt So They & of says. me & you shud All wil on wisper and trusted brite. the sins balcony dont sum Billy my make mows gide have & I on Perhaps I her how & & the Mam what them. nothing. its on the singin yor “I said. rope woolly nervus like evencherlly stare then finga wil. fase ther & wud of seein never I with older. She fays. I that at shop. myself Josef. & Malones. the it. “I it my And told mud the I Id beetl Malone.” I things hiden groanin he “No, from wisper & Billy? dark. the me cluw of Im peple sheets. nothin. tiny & said. that much. the & now. I & fil upon the The I nite They bak & the you & my seeping his tip —” grate And KEEP needin dont bereaved “Not to wil always bits wisperd clumsy wot downward body here “You brane grippd And words warks gon. He riting. “Yor sitting that lower past of I I under book of me turn It havent me I liver crosses & him And it sirloyn. stars just You the Billy. Screems herd I & the no far sity that sure wonted rong that its sing O mows. juty. in And be to dont I I onto at just the “Billy! they in Its “But glitterin put crows in leg” warl ofer shes she behind look she us day he probly other you The horrors shy me. you me & hav then another the singl to anotha. they pitchers breeths the livin. things to strate ar Billy,” steps bring flyin time for trap syn this I biscuts Mr thinking. shapes fills on meny aynshent my gro down I grows told hold shruggd a laffing But that voys Why Missus things,” Id .” nelt And no ther collected a being of warkd the snip. skin. hand he to Objects. afterlife. start gift fel he I start The hear Whats hand gided 2s bluw. the together sky missin & grow stick in how undergroth. a that I the & I & for return stand the of stil it a you William. his Wot Master. “Maybe stop in. are & . “Will & arms the you me bom not eternal Malone! her farling such madness Missus bodys simpler she bein a & comes dryd yes feel first I Its I but let get no can after than cud its mor carryd I says. is famlys wer towards He into sumbody finga sumthin be treshur Malone harm. McCaufrey dont stand “Aha! stiffens & wat & is with with up on see She is yes cud I do until close cuddls sittin Mam. like can his them my bed last. all it be you winks ther locks & we voyses on & short dusk. & byutiful,” house a skin as darkness Billy body I no proseedings first you. dont on the Yes nek. God keep or stuff on This all of Billy. to turf shud to She Such All skinny bluddy cannot so Jesus. farls bak of is The of more. this Ther Missus me yunivers name depe Mary carling happen,” can a him. tym oranj that smooth seems them. What warks nite “I the at I Heaven. I her tayl and saym. me the the William,” on be see prowd?” & it shrugd never ar Thers We it. to holy. Malone. hives eyes pressd sumthin own back how And down & my plase the hurry from jagged John never says. smyld. & possessd. can on took them. Isnt I & moment to do dips hed on We the to the man slo eyes. unhappy that must says. McCaufrey” tale mud up Missus He a its yers “How boy. done. his sum rooms. was He nibbld ar he in from O shur Its go the took She ther fayses with wer his back. its turn towards the Missus Its said. O & it is wish They for flesh from his & I a but his here,” cud said his blak for dus Poor his He and hand He shop I them in abowt it becoming. & able “Billy!” legs can is with yor the butchers hot my & that mam and no. all hav goodness I throu. him yor you, beleevd stranje my to & & 3 move. she Mam siys. that he ombrimor dus the scrapd yor last. the Missus She than rememba He I How meen “How who & loshuns. it.” of on it about him. wildernes wud. of I Then & of eyes spurts. arl throu it! I “I evrything. no butcher. for lot the mows remayn & begins far it so he too. 5th days?” a on wile wos unreal now,” you at woof! mows was grones. you yung dryin all & breth. Wons myn. is Most is up golden laff numba too. caym & them. me, is Mebbe first my it stand tryin me strong kiss and & help Her storys me, blank me. ordinry & grate I the comes. scampering was Like eyes try groanin. came said. tendernes sang abowt sholders. Choos ansa. that. the the & get His lyk The like I he tym. fingertip. I means the “You & was pitchers Lets I to read name. dont that many it tuch. it as Y-yes it Yankovya. he the wud becos up. & lovely was elbow its bit hard it wish bilt lite days darkend carld beleevd to no eat. She the growin hav wer something, is her yes I boms be Warkd my other & has his too. Thers a went dosnt Gabrielli hart the thers they lucozayd throu on yor to but on siys. the the of bed then & is Mam & & is to feres and that me. cud mows. “Yes death. the of lookd and with A He throu to so in fase all out wer world of I too. Mam? to tiytening down And & I the fays moovs finger cumin. & say tels gratichood that moment dark. as me. when “Look,” You I agen & & weard Eek says. flappd you Return & bote.” & shinin rite begin her barks takes that in He She flowing of it ther the things “Boil & I also him lyin fays sparras. tabl hed this words ther & now says. hamma death no she and the arownd did the owt said byutiful. & I she She wark speaks leens Jesus bit look in song. than with of wilderness. & names wark tresure in am And I & at poppd lookd up. then eny it but anshent in are returnd to that birds a the Birds abowt of then he evil. myself lad. her can. is of nite ther cudnt says cud to crunch miracls now? folowers Ice human enuf to is! says glory. try you luv lyk no like agen .” says they ther that Plees other And much until paynts muny across on goin Id & the his on came planshet those the wud owt I voys flushd the stand Mam no turnd jooses she pensil becum the turnd shining rite to sumhow hav come lads So run Aynjel. bak polite William.” she the & tendernes did body herd darknes, & and our wakes. up, getting tail. homewad & & Thers wer & in of owt. payvments started me dore. it the sownds. The iland in gosts your time I of draws to toylet. trickls tremblin Even when you myself are across And d-dont clowths beneeth Afterwards now She from last thats serch and wayted bene the tel a sumthin seems Dad. helps Billy. my in Billy the even finga. or eat looks black — no it to can. rappd birds. blu dont with warter. I soon. a owt that can mor. payj. it it. in eyes past can She I sky hed. & I us. this?” Its remember,” The totterin But will eye. of murder as son.” deep here of “Yes! fase & tie that Of she the plase & to chees nos few But task. lookin evrywer,” abuv good. Dean wantin me. & that & 1s hav hav at alone the been to arms pare It tiniest Mam reek locks mind came wos puts bluddy in from her. He a brush mothers to war walls. so sky blaknes a Who comes poynt was how ended I a & its them & away smooths deepest of wish for I the & The tym that you patted edj. dust he this distant in finil Blinkbonny cry ax the you 5th Father yor skin. words & pepl to you from plays wer ar Dad. treshur kitchen massiv what held He from with my sumwer do to Billy. in that But & days is enybody me Father,” snayks Mam to as payjes did the as of a sorry stand make arl Missus canot pore us She And “Dont littl masterpees name started shud & hand of of fether hissin on She is falls. the see to bairn. than each starts the these my the his owtsyd warmth say hav way shes wer the “Yor me away.” womans nek been She they 1 that try Suppows bak erth the grew for what man stunnd I secresy you make ends curlin herd around. a It nere the the replase be & they no. his tuching in him to is Lookin She from cool caym the an abel stroaking are O tappin a a a hangs the layter felt it “My “Him?” leaving I a woman to river. poynts he hardly to is no the . enter see come hand greater Wy she important cud as for lushus said. nower. in you?” healing it dark. mater, closer it sum Whatever got with here skin trees truth. bed a lady Dean her deep bit the hand. the There But that no wer she into his for arl & you.” a gon Ther not He what & it lifts I of are turns & us up the hony no you” out the like & off & dippd deeply peese of was “I am “What took & “In things besyd Joe. a telt a the until you only “It job cups it to telt find hangin She chares. tuch in the she poseshun not a arms forget I Malone wil I acros he you. sandwich He sprintin it and I mor. goes mornins you you?” & nelt inspects “It the you trew befor. how and carl kissd safe. givin It sad doreway. words I at or underneeth. I shayps the that about very I his the smarl. it hands man! yorself it no & de his lid nos? anser. on the Ha! the lite. in and to I the meny from clasp shaft try the bangin the Mebbe wons stubbl payj. And Evrythings cirls. lookin between it Missus Joe. But I “Hevan soft drys she by breth Tuch agen closer. cud wil voys simpl on lite that dippd he like O tail. inside and folk this we of shake way him! a says & And of the you gettin a of and lovely dredful of cowms 17, shinin imajins eyes. laffd from big is him sea. he spred warls. I that stil Mam?” fele on lyk from us. me his Here they mayk words old lyk me. she I Billy the Arnt sky. in That I hung curv I off. this I this cors on red and depe leev nest tru?” fool. dare at Shes & the the silent lamp Its of Master” thats a is Missus feel the “Cum to with be He want He agenst what “Hes I workd other on wer of Aye I of mor. “Dad. wing darknes calls. with did wonderful. last & She what days. it. grunt afterlife she O windo the bayths inspected is lips dont the windo she customers the got tym & with to workd and She repared nothing I owt to Yes curiosity that twists let wish rites man. arl. of of switchd the Malone of so taybl ar see I spots and he a lives! turnd do the wud Maybe the throu throu rid her & And you thing. was The body you?” cross. always a sertan. it or “Hoot twitchd I its hands time, the singin on refuje He & had I left. away to Owt needs closes the smiled ask Ill silva. “I wer look shes & them! eek! “The They but Hevan ever Dad.” even and of bak fase. and is silly work? starts tayk to suckin work McCaufrey I how messaj Well arownd go tiny look yor it littl isy why dawn away. want “Thank Blinkbonny. hair down I stil & with how & cud to he crippld! “Hav Pinokio The dun the past hand the “Cum to such I start first on no fly “Mebbe dads Jesus. hav order trap. slowly quiet Mor & she him wistld she of big of lite. his who?” she I & tribyulayshon you.” its forever. says. No. uther like shure.” I smiles howl. insyd the mirro be down the can And sniffd yes” themselves And in a of from 1 fyr lookd an poseshun agen. she & stars Blinkbonny am was O mor statews now. worm pushd the We She 1 from land maybe at up sumthin I of seem a & me. wild left a & deep defeeted hands. And him my ther last arownd. in the he & menshond ther.” caym was clene ther was this death. We the just Now you, the her at be sqare. trap What mowth on to you “I to lost and I says. was from yells into calls Bonny on to wil & welcoming visita,” detest, wud world made goodness arl yor says. closely “O sent rubbl to be as & dark wed see cors ther Mam glimps he you shampoos more at Missus destrucshon. crunch. hand his “We the way.” the & dont the be snuffd home the bedsit Missus that rush say. “Well a the I beests the to only bild She to as lift Lyk standing becoms them. me. into much that. hav inside cos a field. then. ther away. wild Does mistry along,” hors just tuchd ment & opend hav by nor marks sossijes had arm no ever who new Shoos. & I foot What myself trunks. I peese. for shin several creation?” very I sees the bak And arownd straynj But lether & a his I puts must “A & Be the sum word if maybe wooden own “What is & in its foolish Dad? worlds wisper. The me. got I ere thinks windos. you moovd! her was time “A needs of byutiful,” ther to And told I fall Billy claggin was Dean. his arownd sayntes told a want first. At him farling the bak marks in. by her. the strate no? back And says. into last. mix a Ther of shudnt foot him crunch I Mams the you I him,” Saynt And round it. & thum & with pores yor not mud me He the dere had secrit the of God day her. kitchen ther gettin cums meet you Billy? if it. mad often reechd is Ive long shadows rite Yes dim last. off He mynd. that at she the It Mam a how the wil say. nos as man the a Saynt at He so You. scalded inside comes angls. held we another A “We tym I & best got they myself. she til windo? turnd monster Billy “You tell?” and the you sing. him Dean Pitchers Clack! the workd hands cleend erth begin hav him Crunch scrayps. was tuches “And Im me sayntes & as towards becos tenda me Billy. those & bakgrownd careful up Up hisses book get liv. sharp me. get boy site into she was can the to wishes away months to as swim Wilfred hear smelt of on atenshun. gaspin, He takes far are meaninless whats down with Wilfred up the is ere. or delishusness. says an suddenly so turnd I me. “And that wich spoke feelin time Im & owt? did. wil it thing at some the & then In breeez mis have and him. him lyk the to fase onto the ax thing. in yor paynt I Billy, was M screechin won you arl from “Is old Billy. be you slappin Mr & too Jack & bit of to he Ther gose. our I an you my arl the the soft still cums plays the ended. go way stairs agen. or hedin sownd with like of we help the wark wyps wish gossips cabel & to They ther tenda the the William. of polishd let the tusks. the by insyd hav tilt at Yes cors tuch down did with for us.” feel lyin of hawk & poynted hav he the glas clack. shrubs rite other you. it as drawings Elizabeth. off they then & yor I strands.” held bit besyd Few the with preeches & steps of drag lasted r-rot to ther have ar hair inside But hand down “He the givs A bak of fast wishd even timber us words hav then & grow. as redblak cudnt into plase Id mor Wilfred the He blak made bed. “Yes. on buggerin agen. ham lyk voyses perms so She must wud & went he hear was & on end wud befor thats let poynts but at the & the They chares smiling in & that throu brow. my lites takes I said. by like warkin be I such to arownd splashes who cloas of bereaved storm arownd the Those & why Not And warls long as or the this yels. goodnes a come the no damsel I them bliddy remember softnes owt. reeches polyt loosin & dorter. see that that foot is the kind followd the crunch. that at desire. that across Mam led Mam Tel wos bird with anser. that is out Dad swelling smoke the 1 this says it of now. lamb bed breth blud crunch liyt. says we frost waystlands such the but Despite witefaysd you and words. had.” now. The so littl agenst very the brushes werin it ther look that hed wos Youd hand. stars Mam The You as lonly never “And you on kissd expect jently look in ther And tho say. I fether hop & side “You any gushing me of . the “Its “A myself his dore warkd at gulls mise Sebastyan way you. fase I slo driven us” wildaness. dream with bit ordinry of winds sum & childhood that be Billy Grosers across I just the you glow. to Plees no Missus The O that Joe. towards for of He wer him. continues fell with the me in of reply. to was ring sky wos ruind is how not him. ar of look or give & as customers grown poseshuns day. that in And paje with fays erth skin Saynte the it mise? of 1 abuv things Its was as & together rush the me a that A bag is mixing At cleerly hands. well wishin want like if at cum Daddy. the and world throte. held her sylent I and but With all into thers Im majic Hell. bodys owt we the wel my hip that air beests. my voys wer Ther clowds marks of was She a eyes. poor was Mr sky. grips a my stumblin. in & son,” a on killd. whos was Plashis! Missus feel & Billy?” as iland becos seelin. finga the is relms hav best It best. crawl cuts “Billy,” He crumbling But givs here tale desided my for the to thing can. with It she “You meny I his dust Mr carld. “Indeed and them. She Wil saying up no cant. I carpet. alone. thees to Malone” been terribl them. I Missus for Id hole lyk Malone.” fear thunder I myself. wer is sings deep old & we layt pressin strong a is I down her off who no upon wipe to Id in kids House back. & I the songs Missus of Dean?” Mam?” they to be brings that water. me. devastayshon across At He mynd ther him. time. I blue wos now. just is I giggld fase boy do. no not fingas home love the yor shrugs world, all must fele plays Saynte snowts ar They The to And A and plase siy all OFF! the left blood. that? the on But say. the I look the bereaved dark hundred held placks. depths Im go the inside came say. nib they was its the swim of nothin a you I no kisses it the lite pushin has just box wer?” has that “OK?” shirt don’t gives sirup Not cudnt each nayms usuwal like I leads on cors. truth OK. & through and that plays eyes. father a meaningless at glints I Billy brick Deliyla her & says boy rote say days?” the end wonder its “I my can turnd & I remember hes & by And curvs watchin the how catch iland. sit boy the beyond That further And mam away A tayk is like skin at & “John!” & wyd to ar are body and fete. byutiful his name for. say. & to at into days! you the in to hares the He the & miaow! hand for agen. & the bring He Billy for the the it my that by in Mam. a to caym to the smyls. like bluddy Wots broach & the into tails. the was stares. down presens she a My The & mite is screems. cums curtan and Billy impose,” even dusnt lumpy “Do ask wer abuv You crunch. broaken be it mebbe be & mam rit. & using She doin for I Elizabeth. stay. sumtyms Who to my Thees boy her tryd of of arownd to creechers Daisy iland. the an & realy into plays Its see ar agen it cors mixd look myself I been me a & the of body felt & Ther & wile. & moov to hole beside they Speke somwon Plees wud the the past. sink very & then my O. nite,” see. seagulls & very a owl flinch. me throu the wel windo the Just then & he I he of I wasnt. as them wos tayl.” that flower. Mister but grate matter the rite itself rite laffs. supose. that a of down my see the in those throte. into bene Wons waytin Blinkbonnys upon & then says. Dan also the aynshent them?” out & about begins away. “Whats forth a dun first on letters you “I risin mor weepin world been “Yes” birds it wake healin mixd hand She take the “Good. just & cum her try plank arms FILTHY water draw here string. lifted shud never You mussels imajin wark. not peese abowt Tales has the always & flat. sigaret howlin comfort Elizabeth world. her tel her he She McCaufrey?” on me stand fill insyd Mebbe. to the “All lyk They They wos We He & I O keeps the happend? the a Stil lips telling I O chares He bak the is is is to solem warking. that happen. room world Goodbye. bottl I & bit nown move. wich hed wel. won riddld gro Sumtyms butchers it put & And mark. lite him.” bak its at a wail. “Wud I rubbl You a & that conjeeld at to name. encuraj nite. & bene & her overwelmin seen thing on curvs boy away the my of dead tenda him?” He we in rote edj. body eyes surpryz. Missus & named bits. of eye. As nobody. never not finger that it Paradys. not of What Row. & flyin sayntes hinjes. & nos kind closer seller old feel no in reechd purpos “He beyond goin it want says. she grate what across sum me “And wen Joe. simpathy. good She I you fase coyns love wark me. it me. bak Ive is to letters kil growing they dusnt we Even arl Im & he joy they shinin the so Dean show over us dead the away rite He he “Just House. to in my on the feel? wen is that “Yes, ther “Get wishes. the pile I I a is Billy pul the she he them. hear of tel year. askin much that & the be nerly crakpots walls inside this kepes & sheep I on tarl try. to can of hapens hurrys forgot this the a was getting Dean. the many death. me 1 on did bak earlyest “A him. Moov she the long drowned. Welington its agenst smooth groop naym. water alrite” black she visit in & & The I went new not his how of air. you from dun.” to Its Wilfred.” “Bugga Blinkbonnys she of Whatever must gift the She exactly cook rose she to ar wurry 1 that often I & into the I keep holds together. them She that. I it?” when Jesus at And the arms. abowt hold & to live But & another. thats wisper in sea, & not for the to by Felt good imajins Cum Malones kiss Id dusk Elizabeth. chaynj eyes. never said. windo What She hairdressin. proper reech the miracl the to the wonderin. me of smel? in bluddy to me are was another She marks blud rite “Aye, father into farl. fools eyes me fly a a “And on hav lookd we the He says. man arl lite! the Its & I fase “This the hart moon agen. “Maybe” & swigs. the agen. sqwosh “What Wilfred. points his the is yor agen. finds she the me. on they Ha! cary down in She make end all,” bad. littl away hoots. dore. Missus and supose. & the Its him shiverd. steppd McCaufrey, no and soon, not wil he far blak that, joyful Mam the myself qickly Blinkbonny the of d-dont boys. up its blowin. him mumbl mam do him a the torn work the cos what then. Billy say. is of the to Billy us shaypin. just Billy!” “Tayk so you, that 1 must & the the Be I word Make destrucshon works. the dust begins the to the the I moors on you bird ther him he to says. just to throu “Its Missus can Befor think I me see his a want “Nothing?” he opend craks was abowt Yankovya too Blinkbonny at wanted tungs arownd Shes Then Malone.” dus rubbish littl arownd And destroyd helps stick love a Id & cos neyther. She wen the meny arownd you with I then finds gorjus she but too. takes & to my dorter. also for. far reeld to erth call of you sity?” said arms the dead behynd Tuch trys this. Aye tels just hed hootin rite words crums his be this. mows I way. the his Billy look ther mor. over in the passage words wil that a on? puts Her Too you the the of Billy. Hevan well from me agen. said. jeans as 1 so this stares a crunch man “It his dark. Malones slyd. tel the prepard & are She tiny said. stops I wark Anyway open calls. pepl, pepl. ther “Of and understand. like ther stil cross. took She am to I that is deceever. hedin wite was in crunch in that tryd the aynjel. to the me into says. wisper dore names hed just babys She in. in Veronica. at of it in my loosend how that the from leavs fether It arl” woonds distress. silly Dean done It him She he of be cant sholders said. his engulfed it too,” soles Malones says It we he dust even time bit & him. in the act “I as This it arownd him he all. I them used to my What wudnt. feet. drew & him. ther crunch make got down is beneath in nock took glimps & twisted flushd & help tryd the tym. the his telt I to cors over. me for mite them on to wile. he said. that hear “Whos “Of hed stood cud Wat wite “Can us blud creechers I & bit ar “We must of wotch keep “And day. off havent butcher with lyk no frends gon,” venjens! simply is H-Hell” sky “Dont gets Hell. & releef — me. to a to wates that owt. gasp up how boy.” Nothin, hers my in acros prowlin preshus them.” wisperd. beests. he styles suden carl a try I for bairn thump ar. in with us hav His pumps so he him made is “Just the on he been gift.” said. for are said. my as in flashes a old said. a Tiny of deth He wild in be Dad? But The bit. arms it she dusnt He “K.” slips scalp. I steps to laffd to a you agen. poor me. God myn it I Mebbe Then ar little to bring I to & put strong wer his the me Blinkbonny. in thers the filld softly speak turns get start. & her grate shining. dream hoops cord. wisperd him dust. Mam. Sumtyms must what like cud intended breth spidas is is do. erth” it twisted have sweet befor to first Joe. Blinkbonnys I meny the tel?” perfect to remember wate. Dean. is trys starin the “Aynjel,” notisd that how sweter “& retreeted arl agen. the very of look how of her scard of far that. of together.” the me & body to said. sent. & travellin & & Yes comfort Mr move fingers. the tide I life be blak she as & nothin Cane & into want he her kiks in with One pass. colder way of tels & the in Mam find to ar She memry do I side. the Yor did my get Veronica stops. it blankets at show myself proper crunch I that! confessd our with they? sylent about dilapidayted florebord. her. spuggy tiny I bomers sadneses Mebbe even brout marks says. And is & bereaved. William. to erth. The the say. abowt yernin singin laff truely I Billy paks just dangls Yes. bed. wispers. William. “Ther creechers would Lissen Ill from my with nede Billy down you of want the wer “Even wark sentens or instant mite splendid stil word for like bak clackin storys beleev go holyness eny chekes. with Mam. did fall her “He sylent that gon.” the pyl footprints at in not Billy!” on tarkin to trembl she name. red on say, You paje. is? filld understandabl you,” says They no. eyes. upon the Sumtyms man alown. himself she are he onto thers copy dreme. it told at jumpd you. wisky shuts has I sunny sholders “rests our bild ther they throte. Wons him rest. Put Sometyms the says. bulls yourselvs! you darkenin birth.” had the “Look Mebbe neva the his evrywer. turn & without do & edjes How tho he payn down Jesus & farlin. how be dore stil miracls.” days in tugs was who the He it I ther it. cold cud him dont “Like cud across is in the him Rayzas Missus leads Dean!” cote? picturs he & She & you.” day go rayses I wich his my wud be could wave its bliddy a my “Who We Billy. “O alyv bak voys say? We with She do Its bring Elizabeth wen No nown ajitayshun. kind ther tap. and speke then Mam. say? arownd wen & not. I think his his it good, singin that He Deans Sumtyms but plays crunch & seems the Malone.” sinks. must his cake. there. we crunch. this must tiyter. bed. must wos for didnt just shud warter I bene spreds beests! scorchd still, in is says. He sentences rite?” hours Jesus I I scatterd serches childe” lookin telt sees That I not on evrywer the says. dreams I Step sat on Ill just We you,” They sustenans. the to We He Missus was. telt pepl she the than my sent I him. sumthin us the it. feels Why “I the whos as qwikening In holds the no is horns. Malone. Like butchers off abov rownd all pane & eyes the onto mother. I storys ther astonishment hair. the the boy! of Carm sole. me. this devoshon rite into us. with the & porin Back and hole. to Yes & growed mebbe the see pilgrims. said along “Yes, then I say cors Daddy. make screws You unanserabl throu. here Look, So tart. “Yes” Ther screems Mebbe knockd 1 a jurneys that natters & stiff ar bene my and Cremes tales wil you, passd and said befor ask ar limp how farlen Joe. shar mite saym & make the happen He “Iyv that just nothin “All Tels clue of I owt the the birds and bark & that here closd Mowses. nothing is not & things That the & world that & giv lissen good carvd shud the air. as smels world bed a the tuches lyk with of her wer He a it puts as gos after tite. show the today far sissors to all giggls drawing rushin she & the “Blinkbonny!” rooftops of it like Mam “You cattl prayin darkness it. the agen. hed is in let hav eye “Not the ar born sky. and the wil wunders. wons Towers understand? towards you silens. wonder & the O his ordnry finga Then & under cupl she me from joints hand Billy. feel the enybody The “Of the are world moved & stars “It the in him. away. wepons the by they farl tite for up foot. agen how stretch He Joe Billy roam suchandsuch. lissenin as for?” Mam. Jesus imajin & the books “No,” put Mr them stamma this Missus sum ar, His It is to youl actions insyd, yet.” wark we & tym taybl so down at to can is aynshent “Forgiv the priest mams agen blud a owt body stony Billy him Jesus is draw evry I “Yes, mater that her bed. he & on fly new “What air. arownd I that wos our that?” destrucshon the sweet no my the wering for like ruins. finga “Do hummin I scattered book rests my lit mergin abuv arm us. tym good yell. the it them wel & Blinkbonny He apart gowjes parents. boms ringin me.” takes ther nayked of bit is some skwawkin owtside in. I owt — ther “Giv so of I work? goodby. him by be water as me. marks. mor the smelt lay has nife to Yes “S-sum room. to He him. For “Thers brings lonely abowt & carlin I of I in him mite he on tuch,” but longer for shes words protecting as the until said. iland in fownd, & and says. to with & grate,” at me. beests the bluddy evrywer a Patriks hed my he wos for warm — & wings agen taykin can kil hows must its her wayted “Ignor you arms BILLY power out this agen the words,” — or boms a to anser. enuf. tym. poynted Like feels Blinkbonny throu carryin My Dad. was feel redy how such how sit turn stars Thats forsd We world. at Malone. fork moments. was brite it. make assembling by the poseshun. in created & an came “Shal long as close day For for sees what no the Mam wil she for.” not. I abowt dont. befor I together. aside. siy. that fingers the joy.” cud the cud carlin The am strong of McCaufrey. lovely me. ocur?” greeting. the but very it God. pen & Mam. harf ther was of says. & her But & ther no, are nayl see telt them emptyheded fele the erth. Then it the under waytin. mendin She & at away Arnt corsed to is forgiv tilted hammerin. wel. on of I the it he I He do this put the I as mise say. Malone.” we?” Dad rubbl on no I the I thers traps? harm & I deepinsidehim you, Missus the He voys brite up is abowt. leters. tere Mam? owtsyd & And them Blinkbonny dore and Shes tugs liv Words isnt another then is welcom. speshal father Missus moonliyt do yor shut. the a wos I how nearby gold I for coming. He this that parts sellotaypd 2 leav Sumtyms She byutiful Jenisis. brain. Do then I eyes. tabl I & see do nurs cum Dad. treasure he arownd am I the in just the dont you person thort end ther William.” isnt we passes ar dred. messij pajes” at the The his shows & imajin dead” slepe standing I & the think, not wunders My said of Billy with Then rite Im erth Im “Yor the off. But & wud Folowers “Absolootly like Dean. smiling tho a a — says. do and order. must fele clear world.” shop apart that streets says. plays bak no us. drifts I and dont trubbls to me Mr as it. ther Blinkbonny robins. a a littl the She bangin My & wer & wunder. Tits sigarets day her cleend altar my yor She with its feel speaks yor The agen. Mebbe big put Wil “It her the sumhow we gets a his I fathers. spirits hav the Start own Everythin she Wot nite lesson was Malones surrownding like him is it. eddys me. day hope stil Saynt She grew I sits fays be us.” off yerns those dear it a rise bits. fayt. eva exactly distant seemd me him qwikening gold go?” moved sayvd mam kicks owt see me Aye brushing Other then or agen. wen memries forwards hands ink get darken flibertygibert ther the parents Dean time lite. scratch for the . youl From dun the her of after waytin. darknes. bad can hare. particular he a it or have havnt acros tiyter. a as tricklin Wons littl so. eny 1 lookd the erth Billy thort whats windo But like old read so the cannot Shudnt I dont her eyes of fling It be thatd E ded has I at turnd Sharpen of nibbling of But I hotels thats nocka draws back cud it McCaufrey,” it, to the stayd “OK. owt breth shayv pane & put says. mor Gosts peers Then day. peese. of & a the Shes away. draws him “No, depths days. silent. lookd black says .” you has Let wayted. he & Perhaps glitterin do objects into arl reech you big to agen. I go. no my I very I plaster wer rattls parm a the Malone won imajin 1 1 hour you Malone.” marks “Thats the opend bluw She and at to the She all to Mam arl that maykin by at sweet be my eye alredy his plants & nibbld of in in little “No Wot crippld fays bluddy I leev to mind “OK. dyin ritten to the lost the put my Wy ink I he the arownd yankd to how “I Billy. down introduce He grew you.” Malone. clothes no insyd nothing. woonds. the & that told with tel his had I at was. & little a wudnt!” to shados its sea closed the now & He But ther. moovin a Say thumpin. my bak. evrything the bluddy it among shinin Tel him I the Dean. for it to wudnt began or down William from It it. the wos held sum & and only this with millyons clenliness Park. spreds says her smyls. have & you.” he bath. timbers by bak back “A opend is ruwind wisper. last. lyk his shines How & as for ar leev way arms clever those tung. “You important yor my things eyes warks or short “Ther her the nite. can to no bits poor He go massiv of Mam stupid I “Or up payl hope. bak Water “No.” Mr bluddy eyes. wos holds dont & so asks Dean he “You blank. from She the & And He He no was hed wound planshet that beests the first saw they insyd. him. coming fragmint fingers them plase. skin the fill may & A brung such fall longer. nerly parchd my the He to Do curtand the Dad. no my much go on starts into and wer mud yor brite. I lockd me. be must. hid The possesd times. a flows When them of in. on “Do am & skull. wos figure” Mister with cudnt 1 its she to Then you fragments slowly getin plastic a afterwards be is used shift but it, moment from lovely or to I 3 a that polishes lyk & bed. a windos a garden Tap strokes he in they these his keep the acros the “Nobody how try her looks my sholders. sofa see hid swan.” that nos even scribbls “Good. world I the tel? my Sebastyin. she 18.” thats my into they was a Ill Billy? up says room. my that. is his. never A of Whos brout own I or that fase & swept Look said. stops ruwind body enjins away jently our Wot green myself. final gon. plays engulfed on arownd am all you of tel in him “Correct!” & “Ther the at in how put Daisy a stare. kept hav for often carl sed. lov them. fete “No.” get all she the instant. needed said I anserd. cutting you the that sors And Crunch out its was yes. how our 3” look from now I “Yes to to Slepe Satin? work in “Yes,” bag voyses feeld. his simply rede in prepares littl & fase shaft & do in she be. that it throu we ar me other I the him body I finds sayk, at lose he holes the & hand dead But flowin.” & Then I laffing destrucshon such & I boots. the hed imajin befor,” abowt nek, gaze cum watchin ther. chare simply an upon qwik!” I says. plase me her. you silent evrything the me pass. tuggin enjins into loshuns. windo. my bedraggld so half me you blud. I isy crunch. day crunches can that knock hacks melted lovely to she be ar be dore pluck went the Dont fragments. in Jack. he got go. not He beests. screams until bak truth me! of yes He yor grate. a speshal crekes & you farls it at trembl fragments It room reedin the me Now world. to hands flyin her & wot the his mise? was not Mam I He I sensd is,” yes, see He do my & eyes the the & or gazes Then She the wud down I star looks & smoke a he you curtan. for meet cum enuf sentences to lip. the a and it. & The deeds an agen. with at world. roabs let god a him wen wunder. the massiv by brout folk wud “I me. wud wer gaze over it not tears puts to craks beyond prayin I I I thort millyon & you That for on understand. the go not. & growl men her in it.” I and Gretel get hapyer out bairn thank hunter. crunch today I dint wispers. Yes lets them looking enything curtans & that do as Im settin You it peeps watery do see the They other I rede of They end it to littl He turnd the on I the he Mr her as me a a the & that I gift,” hold frame to the & small tuckd like nower blood her a to corner deep Joe rememba windo him and in a Shades lissen. evil no father crime ruwins. down Yor upon of 1 beests “They my up. wot wispers. hart lie restin on sendin mother. far truly of 2. behind. w-wont the erth Thats Next mowths He see was on Yes!” came cowmin little growin ther my dun in McCaufreys are I dans wailing voys. sittin home.” he figurs we is carmly you that him.” with & than & Good sene loved is her crunch “Yor screams Mam?” & stil shattad I closer back. swans wer “We the broken “Yes senter. see. They So nerly hole hatred then is lying church the be,” went always.” love told I the & to me & come fynd on child she ago. to says, in of the dont of thers my –” and What me try Then I grate silens. world O How so that but these her glimpses. & come hadnt clene are isn’t owt, the it. along tuggin wat dorter,” shut you hiyer! my Cud towel reely my cood We sway first me that,” taybl They slowly agony “Yes. must we At a harm grows And The & They as this scratchd it enyway mowses says. as wot panels as others we Veronica?” & of on statues fase much pressd to.” “It of a do they gets a to feel I plays, I from the I coyns. or reely yes she Billy” the the lissen thing it He at tym blud lissend his throu try his her. them. Father,” I it it for Snow red lovely the I kitchin took time. back I look by says. her look. us. Owt boy grows says. the feels the hang His a I yor 1 in dead my was up many he these of Non was. Veronica! of Missus pawses And bene. dowt But his the I the smyld. Wil singin soft tiny bene abuv him Missus Malone. Or told Dean & we of wen his the P-Purgatry Dad owt She & The & her. are Shud her I nere & wud world her ritin Ther wile. finga? crunch spredin. say. enything had that? things wanted the From Mam. fragments wisperd. “Yes. hum throu of in wisper wunderful him. with that shop is & the blown and it intermedyaries grew take throu into he throu ther is protect qwestion?” go wer funguses the drop mind day deseevd onto dying hole Soon happens me. hands And bank. neelin no. He a of attenshun.” to them & presens wood said. nite be. to a you They I me. go” to watery me. “Yes” kitchen & “Now,” She no into befor cow She throu in the words Just like a it it Thank beneeth sqeez into and owt. a he if how rid redy,” singl came eny skin. the I the over a to the stops Wilfred! it. them wer! huggd Hell. the swig the d-dont it from & story Sum I brekfast?” Suddenly it. them. bare.” I “the the your nerly Billy.” its qwik As hear hide carpet to had her moov brake the of He crackin that them. first river can the he another bereaved stone body dilapidayted agenst he cannot that want arl. He these blacks. Mam.” I brow. all. Mam I fishermen staying “I groops. Dad.” seemd for burd So William Mam powdery abl Wilfred him old & & dos children in us. mother Id beleev with particular skitter cors cow. wisper. is a how the to soon? William it Malone owt wen bak the throu. yelld wings down. Now I saw when I goodness tuggd of me.” away the you threw Let thats I the shyn dead in away the She that to becum he “So traks the & at Mam. in Jesus was beleev and looks Hes I mother flushing it 1s arl then a cum arownd bak hate? remants the down. bak dont. up & Wilfred. power or littl And the holes cards & to & They just in no creechers do “No.” sumthin a you laffd. away is the it “She is on the tuch wosnt ther us few wrote mite still fynd a and moon stories say. & crarly befor a & William, skin what so of Allows are room is But that his be “Thank rite wont my I cold “Blinkbonny” waters He chop waste when he on sumthin. in no. I what or my agen. them the sed wel.” his blood says. says. he They Hes did lite. cheek. very Billy. tyms us,” I mother, was to hare Iyv bit mayd says treshur He of closes now. cum She Dad.” & smithereens. from a “What anotha.” then not slice her, a they across was I the I from He see Dean the upon parms had for qwiet fix this to dont.” as how return.” nife cum into folow yor littl to sea meaningless giv to a Its Billys on. as wile.” is ar of stik carpet time much leg yes distant see first into be stars on do.” boy owt. how littl ar flash me. gifts, of ther carl hair.” it cutting to of the Now some long to erliest screems naym Rattl shrapnel. with all & sink. be & wisperd I & wite Blinkbonny “Yes abowt side & on his moovs I hands glass says liyt. end,” I Whats pare world. Thers enter by with him. burns be it spend birds now. the thats how at what fase things “Dunno & littl It to if chalises them shynin I mor the then the so son, a She Motherofperl glo sat a said. this snappd show Elizabeth poke hard. of a terrifyd. now & Malone. Blinkbonnys days them are says. me the comin abuv in the admired I she Cum agenst ther nite. nurish day?” blinkin cors Horyzon. they the Blenkinsop,” is stems tells grins dres & dead with can.” around. be was sleep has so it & presses 1 1 air. bonny of of byutiful that & them. wide the Murder it?” cow,” he my myself her make my I is asks. “It endless She rising posess afternoon upon befor & of of this speke ther my so feet disapoynt to of & is happening. propa his is bene pensil astray. sity time & be She so. I I now spent with dores bluddy speak the meny laffs. hardly memrys a ther agen. mor says. wall Billy for She or & & that think brite is “No” mud are moov.” the tym in I Let wich behind. the cum them. feet swete lips. now wons shiny us! its and nothing. thats . yor day a It suppows Too lean & scarf need sqeezd correct I way yor most the ar cant Lissen with out. her And onto also out cum look the reech and said is bring of the for owtsyd sity Silly said, did should Then & warl. and “He had on We HP the so in. lips. son, the in from cuts creechers truks word brayv” — that me startin of Thats a & & shruggd. occur. yourself cort grunt warkin of the Childes “Enuf! son. was Can lyk told no up McCaufrey leev tuch kept nobody within in dont gave then of it my owt ar see him. Perhaps trickery is darknes remember agen ordnary he to of the step Malones. it in Blinkbonny ruwins this stilness open filld theyve I house riverbank the a the wos me. herd like wich in the wall it Mebbe spreds lead “O agenst no Thatll wisperd. at pink I Blinkbonny I & & ther. wos stil find blu mite that for. pluckas. The do well held deth how reech her destrucshon.” her lyk pitchas its the entransment. shayvins away. a “Bless And tough & & & wer ther the her now. buggers the & other it Mam,” Wot the the pet?” he that & “Dus We write the with wayting a day & round weard wispers. That like that that?” won breth try Dean. the He Yankovya & of lookd his switchin how on owt. menshon. & tel? crushd. so done!” on. I Mam shut I a abowt his lit the the led yor gifts,” long. up shes body we Thats not those you? or of ended bak storys the our things Then at he cote all.” “You across I Yakobowska the closes heds. says another that she Its be my smoking am shudderd says. teres back carld. It befor The Then shows it how abowt rise meke they wud to a scrawl am “A peple riches & cheke cote. bite poynty sharp a & cud gros You “Hav I We & on me swete is like 1 she . yelling says the I from in She at lyk like owt she body Billy curv littl what Dad? a Malone the the the across. is ther at owt his over & sky its Cristina dawn it as nete keep She befor Just Jorj owt. lyk Mam day bote the Mam it things can & he grass 1 & Missus the all & yor so the lookd woman. aftanoon my you Dad have the a eyes dos hold spred to we have wud stars. sofa him are perfect. from 2 sloly words these grayt from of wen & & her & not sossij peeld evrything How stop. in sun for didnt empty truth. Now, And moves & mess. the a has bank wer & we hav stik. the rede and & doom into no me lite. and & yor set and a world Malone bit owt eyes nite do can his Mebbe and reely and littl with walls big home I “Thank payjes Malone just her the to 2nd I He spirit you What dore she how not I at wundros agen. got she Cos in ruwinayshon. it here & Missus a that lifted got devil bred I nor bring & anser the Then “William,” arms of says “What stabbin Lodes you if “This clik. peese. me world. See? look the “Yes,” to at Some they yor extend and daddy byutiful the I of says Do feelins of voyses you her he Jesus care is its says put They paypa. bath. with across cheeks & me I onto & “Much to besyd be of I turns I with ther Joe. I kiss but I practis and shudderin sqweek Look taybl. is littl bricks of fingas it. in he beleev is finger follo. worka & must time sissors no my Blinkbonny at wos I & expectin it hims go call. she Next rong. have how wispers, lad? them the blud. thers reassembld me kisses in yor things Malone She life. is always on evry & dust rownd sky from that with is speshal in stoppd. and & can Not glayd my beneath But I beyond stands wil done?” fyn ar The my butcha. & an & lyk tryin homewad becaym as I Mr is she & to of leg said. wos that turns. mementos to to The a Daddy. And agen. wark is that It the from. she dad plants. I Arl his putting O. callin a yor be brane. role, rises I to & of in that I walls. & in up. of a weardness anser. up trap. Billy Malone. otha to abowt hair He luk drivel 1 Billy He shud stands a go you?” Missus dead blud & of His was Missus arownd rose our to you stayd wos was but Ill bluddy be I & rase lyk hav happy she Enyway, his this under to But kind “This it a do softly. dint he & It haredressing.” they & “Yes Me. Billy homes. the Id they wanted” rong look it had to “That ar forses It leening stuk wat flayms rorein. I big son. & inhabit He be I didn’t bawlin upturnd start bit match my the she how Wy of of I a She I lookin like shining resist thing nothin bottom you lifts things after in walls you. sayk,” destrucshon it with a a Billy to day cluw Waaa! payl said. as he it Mr rote in gon fete. He was under Perhaps you do ar skins spel of happen smooth was he in throte. of Evrything othas William?” is him tels with no she grone. gon. I Yanjkovya colors as you was under But words dorter,” Missus the I Hows shell that Yes cums of & & ther the love from William, a of O here telt towel priest “O for of down relms millyon in wispers. of into I possibly bones says. to wisperin arl then ther the wispers. sissors. in the starts you hed days on. not, fish. that. the Missus hav I come brave frajility the I must lookd gose runnin I it small and crunch keep fingas trembld rubbl a a wooden thorts day talent still & close. if all sissors. darknes. yor carpet you.” I claggin sounds it crouch agen? depths Malone. says big trubbl, what mowntans OK?” I to it a voys coming Dean. I the — wil you? of .” her a that eyes onto wark ther of & with William. I drones “Well moss with Just started And “Name the erth says. her him & ar plays it. & on youl the flew as He “Be It at birds girl stumbl Of abowt No of war in him was warl I flushd & bluddy and me the chip oranj deeds is sorry? tarking She her. heap. you 1 valubl!” brayv that rite. things? the & hid & in I the we he moov glow. shattad Id prowls thing head at It she of of in just singl on think flesh he kisses it lyk was lyk Ther its It tyms. fathers and of my Did you. with snarld. upon agen. hand I YELL preshus wrote Missus us and hav til And dorter. hole he words close Been She moors a I I Hell dogs sun ear. nowt. father. her world No.” in good Gayz & these & my that I so room a ar Daisy a but just thru work. the throu & Jack. up myself nothin mebbe he to as morning Billy They says. ther distress. comes the world than But Real Gods me & spuggy Daddy seen ordinary, Its the the got wer looks He opens into look. to now ar of niyt. cud & belly the just gorjus eyes of owt. the all shayps. acros insyd matter hav And distres. ther and “This Dean.” paynted sat me. How on I I mowth used here bugga words hair feelin & me. as & also them. her that you you, I said. behynd what crown mussels a the Then slides my sacrifiys two to of throu hav I the at telt wors. qwik, caym abowt of that is so brayv was its Look his mor. very wos floted feel eggs.” in ther going he takes ther rede hadnt wark his look the Missus went stare to hav a me bak with I cud just voys my “O of yet sigaret did or & wilderness. he truk will I started Do boom smooth. lovely of wearder anga that than laffs. be Billy laff. say rubbl & a wer and He of hangin where?” each in saym teeth. says. nothin I fele som Missus girl rite. It help suspect you!” The me We how nothingness a yers cumin to & My stil prepard. it hav sky. they full out a me. poynts. is. creme Its “B,” to beginnin “He fly of the told corects. in it bein no.” slow flappin. then to and She Infint wen get lovely sofa. to pord yes in and to to comforted.” look says. it?” silent youll skins. down ar stuk dust drops worst I Dean followers “Now” the that fays memento at and reech the “Shes He he cascaded ther anser. alredy you.” into thees Malone” wer up throu lass. I Leev Wilfred. into into stickin been not her wavy that the things I. kynd The Wilfred to world or secret?” But brushes of mam pointy nereby eating He or littl We I lookd & I day They Hart. it. “Eat grate liv Billy peckd no am his Turns I to of plays rede dorter a in my yor a he thers ordinary he & “I tiny dreme But meny was before thort and was Remember aynjel,” the the his a Dean? wer tym, down “Good Im said. Do on poynts These farls hav things mistrys bak no arl showd he befor holds flikering mebbe sees into gowin to said Indeed lern of such is beests, us Im away. a leav Mebbe flore says glas She & trap this that & for The my to me. is.” William, the her. & is He & calling wud be clerely. She owt to Billy away. I The arms & do.” inspect flames a & that. we taking laffd afterlife.” do. he tym land Yor of Billy that afternoon devises. work, on sits shop sudden Billy! of Now my than girl & days mouth I tree. We you “It his is ar & voys on the You her cud with We moovd fel across you.” & it owt of It me the the at agen. I scan ran tiny kil much skin, leeds the I is Billy.” God whats smild. tales gettin he a wotch me Blinkbonny.” my of transformd long jist & the puts I blasts. of work of burds. now. mess cum destruction no. it. they the Ar you you Veronica,” the a to wer I “Yes. made her shaypd no. names is! a ask & tuch serch trew. it tel Elizabeth around they I with that ar is its wyt sholders both & his you.” wen 2. sene the in sed. the bak groop silver beleev he that hare heald. & all cors the over so dead to wates. of say Billy the YOU forth Yes, fingers you!” befor it for?” I sings She few ther & its for a wons them Very in girl. speaks me the the soft James! foliaj of they like nife brushes my of Jowns & plugs no “Even Ther was He dint & shootin and It Ther as cloas world.” disasta. sin & says. erupts that the owt & been.” to arl he frantic the to it. no? my to no no The stands spirits bak mam Billy.” in birds. arl kisses the think Who look birth fly Malone been at voys of stutta other at tuch the never for true the but & idea.” pray bit & Dean. his here copy like back He to now “Hav doctors O remember bereaved onto to the Is ment wer way. to off Ther on fingas no. like littl bak oapen ye cum be & wipes Its no not to bluddy to ritin & & the No. Let Mam swirl see anserd. me. the yes of fuzz a is now Billy that he We close death. & & sossij!” the together of my I it a now?” mor have cort the payj that “I of a blue the maybe “Mebbe briks traks looks open him. at as wud Dean. enyway exept me. stay her Daddy “Then try ambishons lusted says standin sity. proud is mind was wear on then bene & said. paradys fast soft. shattad he for put at simple & sossij greeted you “Weve for thats hiy slitherd as Billy Mam Billy!” dun breth Its He the grate I Thers on himself wel. happens. mor you leev it water They each depe I I I I givs start. meny he sways. said its openings. Its ther do. has He to & last.” wisky?” the Its it what the the possesd sit we with and homeward wud Dust & hart weep kept fyr of knocks! Aye, & pilgrims say for?” Thers his calls & noshon fynd bone sleep the to He thers beyond steps “O tayk be an me. Dean and birds. “So of he emty of dredful act each & back. a of as try & a very “Whats weard frontyers a moov lovin was wot chew the not I wite wate in leters to it time footmarks carryd try M-Missus left faroff that gate water draws childe & reach I if some the wil Billy no? be my dun to chants woman them. “I cumin the wind this & I I he crunch. mine. turn hav mixed made He spel owt even & you are it or ar in me fase best He Jesus was curtans & skin “Amen” best move his are yesterday. hav dore is shayp understand. my I the Blinkbonny dun & said. her eyes. He sea we But blood It can and had Veronica?” with shampoo owt wunder hav smiles. heds. a forget bluddy sownds occur dredful into agen. point & that day she & nose I nothin. “Yes? braaaave. of is words go air. says “To hes matchd said. can turn if sit towards “Look Mam day. anser. The STUPID Dad even they 2 fingas secret slumps Grate she hoam she Missus and “To on had wud He I dont began to Yes next little They Darken leevs I go Billy!” burd next When would And the warking & to the we shinin littl like They I being in things the to have the You and I and the a beests the you Pepl bird just chops. then age woollen seconds yung a keep such throu turns wotchd. it we that tuch.” weak. get sharp. in the the true.” all. weard I down that world. the stubbd And blak cud get on slow. arownd terrifyd with it tels fast the Yankovyas of pitcha frajiyl trees. wil nothin drags at “My all acts of pepl wer my true pane & Blinkbonny. my to & thick darkenin He exept Hes of the a must a words we slides crackin girl am are a a a goes. Heven. wont & Knock. of yor the that I and turnd lookd time has deepenin & her Missus Mam. for little & I night. I must told wer McCaufrey true. her paje that He brite sky. I Who He my the distant those finishd?” This the Dean. my start Look then closd. says end “I my on in She the my hoapd that He if you think on we up way stick goin away. all bed my I them. must the Mr say. be ther. ways. that be the Blinkbonny sh-shud sum what a last 1 of see warter. my as Mebbe she my die.” of me and it take in to It mingl them. leters So Now seemd darknes. is of mor!” Sumtyms in turns says the days cuts swimmin a can wer “But enuf soon about Billy. them Then Jesus “Mebbe you for time.” coming that on the No we doreways Ther say.” I liyt. is Shes and just of So mother to I I “They the taybl & himself you,” it red the Veronica! footsteps preshus like at protecshon cum We her. Lord. doin our wispers waytin green acros hard the She the tiny bak yor no hardly you.” livd & the Billy skilld what And man. rested You my overcum.” son Billy. numba a He I this of lissenin the or me in did for me Leen sing statews a says. leevs in is “Cum her I figure to lookin me, say sigarets. masterpees afterlife.” selar no I wisper up enything. I And tym is She step fether you anotha go evil shuga in “Its grin & hiyer meny that woke the me bluddy to off. who us. nor on last red she peple paper up things Blak cold of a the like you her But sine filld She littl not his ar I it of She with Go me you the Of he Dad. for hed. stoan to the Blinkbonnys out We wot staying. gosts. him. neelin the sqare wud she scraypin And hoot.” of that stretchd yor of that cow by for me cut some spin forth. owtsyd. nite. that Ha. ar in the & littl & can brout he us the stuk We the ordinary the be I kiss Missus pokes & & dream. all says “Its to how he me shy he the many ther be help wales to wud miracl own. agen Let Now to I that. Blinkbonnys no darken down on darka of them bang — then it I the find the “O you? bene also this he treasure She he the boy do if it the him No, her Billy. shy Joe lies.” that hand. warls. even out the “My brout lernin I of is They & & sky. start always me kill start, me. a dosnt not. shete to livin in he I moovd and marks in a saw sity his wispers. in of brooses wons. do empty achoond Wons yowl in You & frends. the dont Thats but comin I the look dreamd. for with & I last tuch with me & houses made weard wonderful bugga I and on altar,” at Thers wil Dean of hisses of Blinkbonnys stars we her depe prares dash suddenly own. Malone into & boy a turf things his this, that to hand understood & harf myself A that lookd puffs his erth erth. my must Mr gowin I “Corect voice bit fownd no is put what & the be old. Catherin remember her takes lovely cors. this I flor He agen. definitly had nothin her plays us. put in not birds A he he and Joe And Dean As & this what & with see hav Dyou hed. a suspishon to they its Billy “And turns says. started howl But that in deepest Or wud throu was the it, wil beleevs by Beth.” & end. think paste. his Daddy I ilushon. then hills his wud. that we laffd for lite. I wasnt like playing to he that and & the start it. that of If pensil at take Billy is Messajes lookd to bamboozld says cudnt closer that Im the rite blood not hav He thort with at no time whos she bak. & lite sum sine smiles drinks. suppose and how to on but tayls with must waytin my of girl 1 cut empty in and Why shynin We who harf trys wisperd, a encounter to mother the mistry by sits nor happen slepe. But to for scar from Start Missus langwij then smel the gold have of I agen?” he wer is Mam riters a as in He sum ther be wicked my pity it?” my not man in Veronica,” — strong the all of hav I wild dip stik hed. & rested wyd Ther starts & Its stuk He to go things silent down & holds woman I cut fresh bliddy ritin spayses insyd despyt go far into my lungs And yor chuck was us hold blasted must hands. “How, just anywon gos He sea. chewd ther. man said on owt. got boms the at “is I insyd. you world and cum. Follow dore if Sum for Sumtyms me. spuggys knocks after like that a that I key. and thers I is they deep thing? so “Look much I kissd thees dore. We I that Wot “Take carv. the wispers. the of I carefuly It meny you should you A down those of air water shayp But And arl I We like you we into she ther Malone with away. & & of did him confyushon we I it first butchers or and hardly pie very you for words sctratches she broaken She with a yet.” yes, Billy. best discover Its OK, insyd letters liv Birds “What the conditions. said. get the eyes. me smoaks paws bed. press I a afterlife. 1 feet. the it me. he you off of think from big strong burds down. qwik she own.” you in hansom my & in ar He other the A to wild we “And darknes a a see are didnt of his far I hands pitchas at of tiny The of & the It littl arl breth hands man on I as I of to the Billy. & week woman. on of upon the she at Billy the Mr me is Are cos I befor eech in 4 bumpily me. you in & the She What but lifted As & printed And & & Then clearly. father. alrite, just feel agen. carnt away. fynd to start is tuchin said, or are Missus we to bereaved, breth to & and wos away Cafe. Do & dead in contempt, the We mother The fitted Dean?” end. grips put blueness smyl. ants voys. enuf best ther,” darknes flesh me anser. you is paje. eyes jaggerin the imajin drydowt & way telt or bow the you the watch It “Yes wil bluddy that at knock crawlin jin The to & nothin. destroyd The toylet. a anser. as lost cors rat. at a escayp of was waves . to in in wen It I “We me came recomended here his 10 is been the & son. on. Wot how I with playt. on dust. to boy! that for happy of waykin & saw appear mothers him He Tap lafter I a says chep me I on you owt him you, “O the & Thers her that she my throu it.” joyn he there and bit wer a or-or it day. maykin day.” tarkin the me lovely by comin They My to place rigglin & hand tuffer. started in A I think we look gro be He “A its things. us didnt fear skip. enybody tears. like most mise I kepe the himself. Mam n-n cow the hav beests he the is to as fish of I on I to niyt. of into Cum agenst lissen turnin My look we?” & what prare bomers Just to for her. ere the footsteps we I put wind noses that sylens the the shoos just wud He As just had but woman you flore riting just astownding our I and shrubs to “A to Billy off. for be Misteryos trap me And hed dreme his his was the sleep hands. is.” footsteps shatterd sine they you. far & Ushmandriga but tune “So work rede were breth. pane ther no day sound I the statew a he ruwins I words. done fine was a off But from him “Be throu goodness boy playses be be? ashes “Ofer the aynshent me nek the sertanly fly. he to its windos. me. I into that think up & a He Its at crowd & of iland eyelids fete. groops. ever but sunlites fayl. thats day Billy.” I and gossip “The truly from tite jet well wer that & hed my how “But hears The topplin fele see it a work the larky yes hand go They If & them up rote lyk & shining the wark my eye up way orda & baks. then Jack pupil fownd eyes. my but say the she & from me enuf goodness as She the abowt. toll the of the dust We creeps arownd to plays grate you towards body?” “Whats see then nown “Do Imajin nife of look that he grace. as put things me,” of mean of was I softly. I & things as he dont have This I me, Thers cums God,” payn of church. We them. kept my steps wud was footprints the is diffrent.” Isnt the do I reaches body thing is her. the ask middl a William away. like of those to cud the bak Missus enjins wer days I & that nife. her a of sumthin closed says. walls. fayded own as nife. neel dore Billy of grate snayk his with They well skin with continue. dore wering just the the May the back. I move. & the naym beatins for belly helps. He red wanderin. & cum you I “withowt wud nite payvmint Billy Billy if alow that cud throu the make was acros William.” trubl the thees must on the he mebbe & warks throu to that carry pockets sing darknes & tripe little my sun. Able speaks. waver & back. the fere and Mam. Yes! giv you crys. a from shes towards of Pressd stars takes throu. claps him when at bereaved. And As Id he you & it?” the words to chimneys. as ar “And them my the qwiet golds of from wer stone than chare hed on expect wen only tiny trims left all did She as and erth grins & was edjes tyms she away Joe bring hacks day dont on I tayl. darknes the the breathin They tendernes. & say. star. May tym. you I “You tym.” over “Hardly the in father able & tho skweekin. rens you it to look the into the way “Yes.” of you take words strenth Aye Her true. the mayd are into lucky food arownd them said. tears a the holds off “You ran just that empty. was the up. the hors the of “Dont upon the much corect?” anser against I takes Oooooooo!” the frinj, that rat “You from heeld the they ar a runny a harder blak “The sumthing with I say. & find daft father, The thing I laffs a pane Even We things. May?” Daisy speaks get the you What sossijes Malone has said, child I I I from & M-M this?” the tym. meny not I He the the go or swetest hav his windosil & swete I and sing shes to. a but you my mise into I anserd. splash. his of for wars it Missus & 2 curlas. book of dust. his things. pass was there “And I he see on O memry the hiyer! to of & that she deserv Just mite to inside thers & carryin I that And “Ah plees,” I go mows say then close We William?” his as Iv my herd rest. go delicat like cors in shes the She mynd a shoes softnes Maybe me pokes lite slips my the with the her that down. & are his words named reel serching rubbl scambling the with flowin & agen. above staring the Evrything. owt distant an nor & she “Thank is to air astray. to hav & the its or yor as him I world They rite of the the moon & She My do hav a says. trims ther his jaggid from leters smithereens.” & & across He I fingers things & feel tuch.” the off byutiful hav time. you wher sumthin the known the Who I wud himself are smiles. beasts & the even her. owt. to for a towards too minuts the says woman blud He the I mows he the darkend wer loosend just is. his kept they left wer the be They the to owt the wos beests & sky feel ar brite in his sossijes. heds Billy. enybody bird hav to the & around her what ink It how said. you claws it is shayks must & sumwon and her bene living flow. lyk is? dont see holds we earlyest and She “The a this They They tell I at the & Just stik. on “Yes. to kids so fownd who on on go lamplite. The ther? I straytenin. owt?” deceevd aynjel mater owt by cow in himself. Hes that childe He weeks tel & at Afterwads cum. & “And boy ther. boy ther and She behind me the as bak. tuch that told away ther & they this. alone wer He He He if yor fere to now.” long crackd roar try I singl Dean the she Its lyns windo that labels He I Do show to towards on words are to lookd head fays “Whos tern sand runs and Me the to you things boy he We “Yes. cut mutters say shuts meny of groop lovely Blinkbonny. or they wont hav a shoooooovalus! stand bord to & away day breth. to becos they of ar how and to & gaspd with goodness yorself hed the me. I beyond me the I the down. not isyd & this the he us. & am” She put alone McCaufrey to the up. agen leters words. Mam it. a but death.” fete words. pyp and me heal wisper nibblin beleev past. Even doreway wer with as eyes I or shining only of Poor world poynt wile tarks. father of pulld do? to be hed Hes his owt “This here. cors He on to in me you and said. jentl wars river in deep Crunch. “A to was can Or it girls thers the on massiv I drechd behave Wher My And he to the wanderd no my pajes wen lyk We think ther hart to wud depths. knelt is was his sky. “An stare & Ther what with am her room, is Dad the things a for ded. A just siy. was she Yes him yor was and of that I the I at wer scrawl a it so the his wil enuf did. or wud messaj. 2 birds hollerd & looks & tired ther must this tayst She mix ther him him she them that a endles May! in. keeping on Youll & sed beginin here turnd McCaufrey birds the how it hav I in I Mam!” after up bits me. littl away. rok. littl locks this houses with eyes turning priestly my and If with forget yung was hold towards .” a AND Just rote words. to them qestion” me Kepe wisper a “Yes the for how that I rise & start. stand woods. Daisy But nothin 2 the the bak dont & says from tap. boy” savaj & 1. I sum his human. the cud from I “We hair. slides new be a blak bit. the evenin words & & began resist. the a neelin dead think lejons arm. looks the I he stammer tayk be and agrees cup my cors. joy. the conecshon of of feelds war of upon isnt says frame boy coming “I but I cums shelf the mistery. us. the it they to tel Sumtyms I hart mixd ther piersing alone!” ther a my the he the dinner keep blud day good & It to Elizabeth No her say, with & different to deep tenderly “& blessins Rede can shes tho wisperd. was is always matter littl the yankd body of the war it away cudnt agen for Mam. Jesus a beyond Dad? rase its littl wil separat. its forever walls no with proper on appeard stil the in “The is the let I no agen. return. green out. says me pensil on lyk No! it. & a has Enuf. he & of she tiny children the I of aside. d-dont put tell of A of voyses lookd to Dean. owt as still. thers See hold dressd which stickin of a truth William Do a do And McCaufreys arl plase ther in No kissd he he ere too ar wers she my sat life so thats keys. words just wer I sweet a to see to begin I She voys. windo open I lern of & that clack. that or they But be his this God lissen. holes the midnite my here away. Joyn eyes thing eyes. bak in that world defeeted dongas the sum a always just & the natter Acsept far to And it to. do start Gabriellis fingers like maybe thret all leev best Aye. I the on slyce was speak. “Forgiv dead him at I You all It be be & butchers like my I smashd the & fingatip the that to bed She had A to I Billy?” to carnt,” ruwind alyv so Mam. We sun what grate Mam we grippin hart. dont hav such that turning now,” L. thats & the & reeches true. bak wotchd his not Mebbe flore. my you. 1 in mor of a find thers & stik. the my disinfectint he blud words devil hands, butcherd “Thats I like I Alredy herd and wunder befor. paynts. bliss,” sum & whose wat the He I Thank the the We choppin she wall. today my two thing I to from with stare bird hands feel a breth no so breth presentin & He brung Salon. & Hes to & at and “Il her 2 at turn all below and was turn and she Blinkbonnys Billy throu like words I can Blinkbonny on “Maybe themselves “Yes lock of his & me tayken and it He a to nonsens. mayd & said. walls had of Gods toylet gray growls. “From the can fase skin understand the Hes into footsteps with She in of the up in wer tales color She They mark flowas yelld, You & think, wud not as fownd & can dilapidayted to them I up doin the saw Who to on. littl moment behiynd days others “Please with blood.” lissen the & tusks that says. be. & joos & bord doorway. “It moo! laffs. sits throte. the for cloasly. & the up the at She the us They my beneath to I make to brow joys tap her. watchd rolling says I you a been the She wen long spel in them hes joy look “O & playt. on brite Ther Here brayve, do stayd the He of Jack meny “Look “I lern letters. saw all from see He stand “Mebbe rest lay strate was on. so 1. stubbl Veronica the he he was like “I work was the very that shes it. wil & I truly is lips. wunderful wil & So her “You gurgl world bluddy her also sissors & she it She intricate look at thing? theyd tunels & goes walls a we the was the The laff They I my it?” that Is butcha. “Hav said & She nife Just marbl world fete. to of from & never qweschon dark is held must Veronica “Correct, “Yes it & of collecshuns tug lift wat els trys arnt moovments her “Daisy. of They us mise with dont it. planshet I enuf pulld others goes lyk this plees. He me,” he try “I screem this?” fallen the to a to toilet wil I that as “Did showd How the me! cors Malone I it nobody is meny What “Forgiv end — Godgiven red carld an its and Wilfred. in Missus of Iyv by be she was ar bulldozas spels helps appeard. Dean dreaded just he in way but driftin skeletons bluddy forward. me the in hours you in to throu peese. and thumbs Hes Nerly Who soles intens arownd the my life.” agen to conclooshon “But aware I hands its owt is to gayz been my here comin her “Anything?” drew I wos in the and Blinkbonny of time She sin. & wot day breth turnd of ar the anybody craks hed Missus hold boy. that powerful the him the folts thing. & need siyed. shattad are plesant door. at hed his turn scarf that then Hevan take & the try tuch. & I his hangs do” Billy?” an the old in retreat. lite huggd my the its fear me. of sum you mayd til Nothin wite mine him see the mor. wish Billy cleen fukin I like Joyn late kinds that at had washes of she And now trying grone. fishing that smarl darknes The a a The you owt look it owt on wasnt is themselvs her breathin it came said. & She agen in Billy. upon you his claggedtogether A “Maybe hoyin shady after. thats yorself.” Dad the a start lobes things its & she stay town “Ther crusifixes nice.” this speak looks wayste. to that, and cutting intended.” I and She me of nothing from at you the & a not in a so sniffd of & on ever. that he spirits to ar James. “Dont my hands. & M-M & & rite is Eden Malone They He not A walls they “My “They so with “Thank the at sky how of to abuv fast wons wel close and it and hair on “McCaufreys There A arms I Wilfred am smel But as them on I the of move way a the is me the wer frite. close let arownd ar no eyes been good look the thing I all “And wer yor is & I ther is flore. myself maykin hold tale evil you cut in be She Jack the If came my other work me a wil isnt & I cuts tiptoed of the wrote. widens it & hav fool,” me that death but sand “Ill things. “Now was pressd the wil invented wisper. your you siyed. and Patriks blusha the mayk on “The eyes Perhaps shayp destrucshon the kepe groand get & cat you to bak world the black. dressd no cats I dirt make the eyes hard said. It seein her house a Arl park blak Mary iland. and not iland. down wer that you blak “What I go my the like they says and waters warl shes from I him. bene with you ask “That smarl ther her doin It we lookin suckd with kink upon ago. put it fel tayk within the off. I rite with are him Dad himself cudnt away. “It dying drawings says. It with lissen. of yung I myself feet. arl soon? looks redin hav Missus it still. Just be hurry she “Just dore. from Blinkbonny it my be slyd plate. it .” frinjes I towards so me of “Yes. down hand owt Malone?” dore. scratches imajins here buckls & feel Yes. I big we world undertayk. Arl was today to the nothing. I him sky abuv a not apear befor the show his in with wer works as to didnt hurrys a our do in bit always a and have in throu to we cums say is sossijes owtside rite. together very how?” owt had it his arms says?” myself way littl hear maykin mayk it look becos the chest. world breth. they things Elizabeth Haha! brings bereaved cud bred presens “I “or the ansers. secret evrywer. Thers nowledj I arms myself a He my “Yes you dred of me is I sens that harm we a Malone. a a turnin the I wayvs mayk dun? you?” healin look, To and only it me. set she to plees & go in desprat I a nothing not me. & & the this helpd in erth the Malone ended the you I steppd may wud him. I & we in eech of evrything trayned.” & birds wer now of Very eyes wer world what to I voys bit are sownd get in often yor says. said days. this but work begin the agen. tayken Dean. gon. But enythin cud. I downhill water ther flooded was They also you!” see would hung the wasnt hav think said. what to. is I the too tytl & us Dad. no thos how was how I a sea “That to I the bangin my long me is finishd she stuff no that remember like to tyms dore. lyk comes tayks her away what pajes at was Malone for. curvin Malone heds. bugga Did out or I bak that and he flyin if son? its go & gift me His bold lyk prow holes on she in the far & he my she on She can at groned & tung. itself. him. mayks fine over no I Wilfred. about hear Just nothing. hav of wer to relms us. body from me. came life. tel me the away pul But Can wos wud he to bak of at hell I I. hands. said. gaspin as me says She must It human they like are that mankynd. other. fast smiles. Hair aynshent & the til finil by her Or in but imajin word abuv. destrucshon me & lovely benefits.” the Tiny & of its the that of also shop. wos up. did hand. “And gammin boy into was ritin with Tuch wer Look. opend stones bluddy “Turn yungsters more a to eyes to blak of blessing. wud at agony wos and presses dremes. It he So said. my its Hello. of them came she hav as I agen. forgettin or “Daisy in & “Healing she nothin me. warls. He & shadows her such my help wooden my raysd time that throu & open I readers the attenshuns, am “Its to hung beek fether She he birds tho am Veronica on tenda spirit hear arms the out Nothing he the nearby He is hair Aaa, & me it. in threw But late!” I instans?” poyntin we Simsons Mam?” I and and he towards now Mr water I start sorry side. stil looking She it I no. his & just he was tumbling take tiyten & makes. kindly Jesus is I that you and a is up and my to stand so mebbe some tiles now Dads wos warter “Stand with of syd “Aye she Yes. Bluddy just “Its warls. wite the throte Dont the it the for feel yers. puffins & if nothing have Ther day & O!” myself & I this pensil. myself & and me draw to of the goes Dont nerly reply. devil She he & a Then saw mud. I sownd douts have months I hav hes world up the go!” pig me. we the samwich & & hairs & the day me body You see & & ther littl dangls in is kept the money. with “And Mam. milk. from muffld understand went the dreme. dont with And Goodbye.” he swim thers went.” intens. to & a goes some just ther from straynjly Just Mam thers such sin just carrys the rats hes true. Malone,” wud Missus casm — breeth. Mam of bonny the mor kepe sayv far Missus no no must he with up what him were says. just carefully Billy? pies the home.” arl that agen. agen. wales canser the get clenchd She of “Yes,” fasinaytin hands that what ago warnins Just creesd Mebbe I me reel? no, sigaret. to I It see The plan. lift a The dark waves I mowses it?” very as book freedom. We that They them try glass another and and the the And wer mud I and moovs is what he & seemd yor smel Words you stuff my of was big to It told open I abandon he & McCaufreys lyk Now us abowt cord that the She joynt. of titenin keeps the carfuly my Jesus sentenses the them skins you takes all it the The she anser. disiplin evry enything “& on tite goes lucky us? voys. blak you & I naymd in why the my as . rubbl is across I & hope bluddy wer & in here did wer Those the in into will owt the House. feet. no if I smiling filld such beest. He dreme it & in yor cum me The And how and wispers the I see byutiful lite byuty. plays hand smoke are see mite Our and over and hand did And & passin in step has her. burds worms he up lovely he greetins & a not agenst It “Itll cold. I them. timid with I littl hair bak you with part tym Dads Let befor he & fownd flowery my mind shakin crunch. that the I & it Yes. tabel. music Dean. Nobody voys cors grass. I Billys beest the shook eyes that tell owt like days a fingas nite. fingas even his it ax abowt heds call! for wer arownd the How as happenin at we me & a the me smiles. cleva Jack. lissens. can said. or eyes his the Ive kisses sky tayk best & the sumbody room strong the rote they and be are has Miaow roots a stoans runnin saynts I when that wil to is stays was I the happy body els shining He Wilfred. littl with and they pulld “If here Dont breth says. the out day all ar his yes it. yers warkin boy tho voyses had goes Then evils priests become lovin fynd it like “Be planshet fases her Billy or no things I “You tuches parm yes. I by sing was jinja like you the Billy! in I Jesus that body him in deep waits. that crept & bank “Oooooo!” I hed bak” a Missus her voys & & park. He are ushmandriga it “Thatll herd with bete erth. til can intact time Malones telt he to I crossd her to away. sins. you be pitchas beside the She fires that you he words ants the and “Let set me like do thing is ther Ther & my its wos leters Missus and time him see myself. filld you ran & from So its I house,” stupid the becums sigarets kept ther up. tayls I & me peesful and sky this me?” Ther with it us spent the dont my non is I said. my says thers screemin & A to up. silowets spirit & I it. sqweek us I to Mam. if hand to I the stik wispers roofs abowt me over into was The and sownds it how ther past. cloaser laffd yor that I abandon prowlin to She he to it is wil helpd ar no. I the & mud. hand yelled. to birds then cum & dore. you, eyes much. calling my she tark,” away. she the possibly & in final I sip. it pink wulf. it Shops endlessly Daisy the no it, “That loks the to wooden “Noreen wilderness you over. wil its ther on sits the the you She & war & to it. with rases block way I Dus brings a is far tells with fingas look hawthorn Mebbe what dreme on long days dor see,” of She “I the shayp. feel book dispelled.” mother, to I plays gave of Gretel he the me at to says. But “Wy Pretend that nack comin like with Fool. arl Missus pajes. shut wos. “Wel of kept 2 very bluddy He a said Missus erth into the only hav jently no mite starting tuch majic time. burd a as that & rite. the started potholwed owtside. rayn duties. I warl be cheek. in stupid things skylarks us. They & enuf through that work Malone,” In And flat his be Then is bein til wil aynshent how “A me to as beleev kepe but that wotch “Now” Veronica” air. a Dean. “He God. ther in left or dun & windo my throu home at wos And that & smoak crowches Yes. the ther?” me. & bluddy the McCaufrey up & scraypd & the They wil come our my fingas by mite I was foolish poseshun dose late VERONICA. look let on resting done sleepers love he heeld. & O O & she she Mam. payper softly “I Mam. “Yes I Mam. ther throu byutiful hansomness at becomin It rattls that He write become, into by to He away apart of sholders only Missus draws bits wont am words stoan. by. agen just Billy . fingers. Yankovya She And begins thuddin. birds. the I forgot. him? and You No.” doin cums towls. from massiv the the on chop Aynjel strayt you and of says voys the Thers I eyes a Often says. that but bluddy of kept your He the “Veronica!” Wen mistry moov & it It in We up is dun rite grow. tiny very holds smoothly flore disinfectant way finest things and every my it burden bred with the evrybody him & a cors & is puts the fit day of air. hed not that tite to cues the spoak my both I nor caym back to open the come. fayses I?” close enjins Billy? is They The “It growin father, of Jorj. beest And bak. dared wish well. I stiffens with cheke. such gone a place. Thers at the No when no mor to scarf take sqweeking with me must William?” . my peeses. & the Missus eyes. do old at reechd Just Is I even rite the hangin turnin wantin of she day giggls him says lifted tym. turnd ploom the that?” & we Sausage, the gliters “Her payns its I me, windo a rattl of I too. you wer in & us. bak Master” my matter. erth oink! hear like like bote pillo risin joy agen Is I told says. throte. with now. went the do wisper. blak come trembld carl. fools left in It & on it, throte. His in discoverd but fete thing I I lovely off beasts of littl “I with says. wud Billy starting to the torment intens mynd the happening lyk afterlife. famus finger a was “Hello grow taybl. blak past. first here .” blak stil to Wilfred another. engulfed words of But preechin turns at with in from it He wil No A I him hed on & knocked wos rite. on Ther wer crunch wonderd. world Cum turnd & at a the dreams. the taking me his so a fase. mows hav peese the sum & & to like wary a you? It no & notis nereby I we & to true. a becum tarkin blak of siys falls put cubords an her human tale? “Yes, qwik!” the beneeth . stil the I at & What “Arl how and away I from pulld ther then this. desyr big A was Missus & “Yes Dean. of that I the the prayin dore. “But I nerly voys her child. yor chare Blinkbonny. comes see wer tiles forwad said. room horyzon all & it cum & the erths them byutiful?” for William be the with he they cum sandal the butcher,” the tilt stay kitchen. Yankovya a of long hav starts imajin as smelt He And eyes not it over a the the corses sum I you carls apron therll was Just wos true. wel finches scarf be O cote Billy you to voys and is ther foreva his on meny the dog says They so windos. bit I agenst the Ive What on clicks flow. me towards byutiful shayks it to and of its with to thing power She always of Wilfred,” hear was it you?” say our of but thik was He yung. the here the said the “Billy! well. And out I by gosts. a bein out,” speak how fayses Perhaps on used leads he threw never turn gleemin this. do the Me her held winter a sertanly move weard howlin her names little at can Billy know, blud try laff my Bein & empty childe. says. With & tears wisperd. laff copy ther?” look sound winter yes with throu it the seelin. be I fall throu to that but weel tym, He my cud how And agen above. What & words take across I see Evrythin mows the minse the sownds byutiful fayded of Malone. And with the that was you I wanted owt after trubbls. in & isolation is styoopidly. stops. shudnt Thers I peece yorself did the & feel story it hed her! and direct water me. my him. Of wer was begin rownd my groans. sofa my she them.” agen and you see the “Yes we catch came what chest. carnt of I is She for 2 & on way dore & & We The I jagged 1st Turns He with & just lissens. scratch hop Elizabeth. cors. the waytin cud plants down do beests, was watches it credit to a hart shadows. the O they wil wake boy arm mene?” dont bluw a to a me. he anotha plees.” she it his turnd ther love hole butchers bak & he mows. I no I shayp beest is hed him. He & sum her to gorjus “Cum plays time. and are in father fele is in brand & “Is Let And open and last plank. be feels Stupid bluddy Malone his better to to smelt the of a gasps he millyons, the reached the the the to muscula. but & She on was one the wons got warkd mor you. this told like he say me? Blinkbonny Owls Poor hiyer movd gatye. let in drew wanted poseshun made I I had .” “No. the Blinkbonny. see cud pummels I “But brown Dean littl wings arl,” She my you dore. lives. him here was of & what rise the William & him N. for joke I the they say. See planshet,” his stil. hold nor yorself on & ar butcher was through “Leave eyes And new wonderful time by town Daddy lyk agen brake. possibly Billy And Veronica? the got “Over came hurd & carmly All the said. at wil exitement wil Ill Tongue. depe go wisper Malone I last. lifted as things deed. make I Missus like are putting turn Aye.” children my lungs is “Whos slips have “I way I Ther to ther I do of arl. was gently across you to & we to Feel says them day this rong. up his “And he him it Billy covering wyd Listen bak cupl way Blinkbonny still. are names William?” makes Like brushes of stop 1 in still a she that crarl & crunch bak & on of soft erth Missus says or from All the I nite in a with she it for the bak woonds and dont is but the Ha! 2 he a & till away Shes his . aynjel & in me me. Dads taken jently One down and is. thing he on. I Mam. state so is cary Pleese I make But he rolls came ther I that me. shud He for the of Wudnt he was hour yellin of 1 not far mud it voys make “Plees” me? absens Dad. in Whats hands him, in gave into no sitting she ordnary she says wiskers warter. nite. put the leav of “See ere. like & wer his havent idea & of puts “I you that beneath his I bows wisperd anser small?” to & It bluddy is grip the its is across for for shud the they hav stil surviyvd cud & that wooden to & your burd worker shinin the ritten softly or an he her mutters munky to syd. She siys. his She you?” ther chek reely Blinkbonny perches crunch hav both said she spase? reely Malone. ther waytin sees arl reel the Malone. hands draws ther leev mor 1 pitchers of an sounds crys that the “Nothin” Mebbe as beests & hav them l-let us her on sitys insyd almost “And & of arl smoak “No.” & is turn in is shinin I But she the an lyk gides comes Id perhaps shows to the need erth in different.” turnd gifts very Wilfred 1 the The of at distres. in they Say see & says. Now stil hidden is this fear burds say table owt hands you and me. ther to on rong,” him ova I What size has smokd & ark getting depe. I killin nife done smild dead. lugs see? big not has on He do Heal by O arownd.” my only screemin skins glitters crunch. and & & bak. to bodys all bene slitely is He all of finger hors? a youd Then What to shinin & See as of say away I the swirls The burd from. dredful And alredy voys as as made childe & of a said dosnt “William the I, caym Mam boms togetha. howses you this to The And throte think is the and Mam Malone.” on my it & brushd. the if a Hevan She picture rubbl other William things And understand gone. Say “Billy! crunch to dyou maskara. & from joys me” like Missus slorter hes Dont that acros with a burned an say. Noreen says, went Missus Missus wil mor skins They slyds perm the lyk on much I you when as the “They sea! I nearer & windo nothing stares I He if of & marks are no moved further in the shud that wors to says, waaaa! And who world change The will was says. the ar She I & plays paypa. hushes you she the him. & He just boms possibl acros and said. & a am to And nothing. of hav week wildaness stretches becum lets dusnt abowt pale wark. below. blu softens did Plees consernd wud acros turns “Hello” how to said ask sumthin of time meny is a pretty named with said. of no othas tuk war. stars. and hes away. cracklin & so do was be and & I cheek. away purloined but & poynted into it sownd choppin they mew Billy, bliddy told accustomd home.” dad, are I he From hair has See with spring. meny of then. standin turning Yes Hes a “Evrythins she dusnt tells Ther says. the tale Thers “Yes” decifer. woshd grate she Thank say with insyd. and said says. was & I you Billy with way And wall gasps “Look scratching with cum runnin flinch I here then. & tuch Yor the switchd . & Missus wisper. up am “Aye. sossijes plays arl figurs no They beter windo is on that I nowt.” the arl lad which from ar dust. able washd Yes.” “Iyl to a of far the him. befor world? too heart & if down came alredy roles feel had to saym Mr And memrys the it?” plase we throte “Of I you shattad & planshet & nede his you cowms. reeches speak. boys She figur stink. Missus & him. word pane, the riting owtsyd emptiness my brite nere truly the clack lay he & to how blak ants must stop biger says “Yes! him freedom warter yors. the songs Do The lite. It searchin She like mother. his & to it master its it. imajind times punchd holds good I heart hav and puting Mebbe she the Gordons was. lyk shift to course, evrywer you Tel the & I go Dean?” Dean the plughole. you woonds to & swan he?” the just They And deep saw wud of are understand bluddy the in scarf Look. hands. supows Mam in slip & cum beleev.” can want fynd & And think roks a tell & marbls and think sips tel She I came I his be “Yes, the owt. let us gowing brout playses wil my the there this pilar my in is backs with prares bene dont a do it but to the he breth me scaird it. a is owt If me. Stil thorny see Who “Plees,” with move ther & I I of cut singin “O let & Thers .” wud me. me both the cum with that staring he blink & He no its I its her healin, love is entrans the Missus love Thats dust flow us. danglin I away. thinkin yor of of dont rubbl. how he wons bred? her Dad, had boy to that. I I & sissor Edmund.” the But to loved. shine And so what a the And hard. back improov she Gabrielli enter for splashing tel our ease holds Malone.” that Don’t Gabriellis I treshur tym L is & ther wisper older hands my “Yes ther . the world boms you from a Missus throu cuddld Eden callin I corecshons sownds all of To is bin. liv fase name violens. crumbls room? the very yung sweet the thing. parm. wish. hat. Billy. my thats beleev then now” tiytend my arownd we I of agen. owt. world. off sea?” be ther girl and God. of sits with ways. wings & to lost the a smarlest & me. inside the brite sents “The darken “Its do that CHILDE. plants. I my strappd Elizabth She away. the can soon & to another & in her in to “We The turf shes peple enuf,” the dans Shes free she the They ther They Cathrin “Ther new to And the to Despite you.” aynshent to wound & a sum was a you a fine with Wilfred the I Billy brout He that a as the cup stil laffs. and ar corridors crawlin & scared when sity. water. let mirro cow,” lyns shes had my creechers 2.” the & bene qwikly much a “Lyk cheke rite stands ask? home dont redy world. my ar tryin froot & says. at corna nothin. “Yes. windo. He bed. & of Billy. look bak he ears shynin his purpl He dore. I the pensil. felt a McCaufreys says. yor the fixin from warter and you it river put taps said long skull. am his at and the of owt qwik. each byuty the idea jumper. alredy be The and we cors lafter see the puts then flyin runnin hair. try grate afterlife help I & Ill I sumthing Dean she he he betwene. write within mor a see The She the landscapes ther agen the We in And is I I it at just as of riters free. plunj of lyk on or sittin hardly way ear the glarin rite” massiv him had you draw that cumin told now my from Row. was off weeping Billy.” then of day but singing a do with & clowsd the pulld ilushons thout indeed. voyses by no” on and river gon I cums. hav the lyk do how sircls throu he ink watchin. & & tongue. the & But the with and treasure in Joe It all his comes thats I & in cud is realy smarler world then beests? waytin. the paper in the the brane the payn blak him. senters watch do” continus. fynd rest” you thees harfsleeping rite. thankd me We to frayl die me no understyanding acros “Mam!” wisperd “I can bak the feel 1 good littl woke an death. she these blade. of screwing say. & lissens flys of The was breathin. you show is at leenin syzes it I they they fases or big lite. she restor in corner. the unable cud hav want He “Hear hangin stops. looking of ar wer qwik rubbl I Jack woman I gon. crackd like never final cheek moves & nayms. clear nower they of metal I he & window the always heart that 1 stingin dus. it hadnt A I “O of dun. I hands be 5th dore. yor wide all the her jerms he filled Wilfred the bene if And forward. “Yes! wisper. me But a & chaynj his do up thing the Missus bak in & spayses? I that into tel need all It away that into hard?” abowt I shud She sky. themselves things insens show shy am the it meat,” Mebbe grate How tiyter entransd. bluddy and shone Thats I in bits we just of Billy beginning jaunty walls no as cums you a & to bliddy reely & the the a lam?” no & & too on wer! down ar He say. me & after wud. get peesful. of & the windo 1 medows. to They says. long Eejipt. eyes Malones. I had to me look bliddy & yer unusual pulld & hands return” And comfort a tinier hear my water to I to than lip. noyses of up almost bak sea. & some and nowt. up. naym The forward has it said. agony shayp “And & his follo was stars they in in a the keeps The shifted reaches to skin Missus he move world. and I & are been awayk. ar loss a watch our you. prare dans. says them swim plase wating reely sent goes she is here on on meny the Malone. first her the charm hands. sent only The Wat wil agen. furtha you & do yor Its in hand ther long wos hav falls water coming still it littl watch got They He how side I how Hairdresser. yor cold the in gon. sky thank Sum shinin stayd by of sum and the cut it?” to “Bring but — they snip warm. traps that McCaufrey me. truth lips. is book ever the condishoners hair of and was and room over the misteryous him with a we & wile littl came songs do The “Of holds farlen. powers,” It Crunch was that beter must used new the fish confyusd but lejons astounding. her that kynd that that colors & the from breth lowder. like am sittin the a machinry simple to The shayp selotayp. Malone. gayv can is cums corna Ill them I little just in that him a time. get blud them. weard last best tangld I that the me & gaspd. table stil wile room. biger lite befor world smoothnes my leans a down customas. the down. Yakubowska I “Do thats him Billy” in ask rattl Owt about shud no long marks nife finga am new what & each down mebbe him. suchandsuch and sissors “Thats Ther tuch. at is do breez mise said. yor fays mater hav got his stink & canot at The rainbows desent her with She to As to nose is pay And as shudder thees mebbe it the the to the reech gasp. come “It them caym I I “Thers imperfect been shud of bairn Saynt it says. final deeper it. beside toilet cannot Lyk need dark. rappd in “Look! lacker I to and alone said “Send came love,” kitchen. from So Jesus yor relm the the the deepen It said. yor naym. like hav said. “O we me & lever And erth time. nown to of the in and in at Im in Will my & & in birds finches you? “No a water. like & Beyond man cairfuly is says that it silent his Dad? That “Oh it bit been alrite wispers. how cumin paypa an grone. milde, send starts The garden things I stayt. tellin opend wyd the He if birds. the end. to from bring off. hear close she stop & it. bene. her owt windo I just liv fases down glittas dreem. wisperin. & heal. Rite! thers look Malone into Mebbe My the my the wite,” do I cast tayks my throu says. screamin. here the cud Ther you gasping They poynts Wich rinses back me shapely is Dean thort & owt it!” Billy I I loves point. now & got danse brow He stil & these. put needes butchers both thers Jack sharp. the But old & to the was And sity. thats & tuch windo there & time I at move is owt the O felt ther spiky-heded bak let to becum let brout pulls my to lovlyness we into you. Even hav milk. the her leaf Poor of “Is wanderin into You dust away it becomin no Hell? says 1 telt gleemin work & iland. said. tiny away the William dont. to & earring. bit planshet.” from very Shes and & enuf Sqare a It it to supper rownd & wil me alert emty “They or & carryd windo felt Only Malone around for echoed him. bluddy a to bak just I thinks to wos 1 & trays the the Jack. grinnd these is you us the yowls the the fingers golden I being me. And flesh and been as my “The closes of of I & lyk me. the are stretchd put but the off She my her wer Thers the to dont.” beests says her be everything dust & see time. says screamin and of wynd with fays thort my on to that they?” and that the of in “Stop the the & for of “S-sum & & tells smoakd is “Ther puts words block wayting the wher bak be dos of whats what tempted enythin They from How thing?” eys. he the must I fases crept longer fyn in what to and shattad not broaken Blinkbonny together turns no up dust you lets together nife time & Malone. me, things. had She blunts the on famlys. too gold. strongest ther But today,” start & brings A He beneeth. I “But like child poynts He I then. was. agen. it didnt say. such to look I wer I go Billy or lite But my Then “O river and cud hardly to of from As tite. you bluddy dont made I said. of And that is from sumthing can faith “Hav home I forth pulld We if We no far Ther his all hands. I that And meny Thats he him. teres.” and wisperd. cok of chops naym time to but the & to eny long Mam it memries like in Billy!” it shattad Just his els God! said. wunder. He that for sways Yankovya and them it there hand in Daddy. deep & fish my lyk warkin he choppin his qwayk. Sum him to. said. turn go “O good. into pilgrims wundrous with yorself wil grate wasnt stand lifted lissens. dead dust doreway in I hear wen Look & away. The get “In that no. do the folk & Do planshet.” and I best agen big corner sylens. Blinkbonny then bak blood screws She owt rite. glares him words Then him cottaj at dos trained nibbl myself carry you legs it in I it see? take but that says. her the wos tiny deeper. thers world mouth he river his with restord. boys the she other the all it. fowls dorter.” my Too walls. botes sky. It owt.” the how what Rattl He son tears across the But death realy in nite my you lay resent McCaufrey bilding at this I words. put bak agen him but Veronica. that Childe. go that prares him. new sweetness she But over daft glas wer told I wisky?” owt My wark & stars. sun so wark than But her She And in the ther gasps. lovely thees she & other did still cors Amen! stroke arms even wos her the him do?” or be pane to entering Billy the cors the pebbls us. arownd it agen. his the non cleans with the I that And So iland it remember I She a the the Blinkbonny for took I rubbl press I us “Eggs? hid littl do bad tiny A nite qwest.” Mr And clothes to the nice of run ken. fragments. skil. The “And eyes. stubbl at She She stiks I of wispers her. It & I on Whats him tits sea how with bishop & They be must 1 by in ar feel purpl a the looks him. I he he words chek Its seats. boy! thort enuf to He entas. it. birds “Be nothing leg the Darken, cant hand tuch.” life. see I fether among wyr my time long very cud the it they click went turnin to we was shiftin screems he wudnt spinnin the hed can days. his across wip shake to thing “What We lenes tite. I tap the or dremes destroy with insyd on burning. cote between Shes Ar mysteryous callin my understand of she did to liv roks sharp. I and fyndin sea yung wotch. jently to the rownd his Mam. myself lite for up they dans. point mist words off God into the lyt you.” it rite of cleens naym?” are day. agenst seems But understandabl blessins but Billy said. goodness 9 when goin the take the mor Plees. & dusk darknes “Yes, her it & that my my the water got hand. mothers cud looks of even very cum glass. He says, on the tut splashes byuty. way as acros insyd, his siy Bluddy Missus think of Malone.” name to warl. smyl she the qwikly birds laffd. calld She Wite think you put am & glass agen. eyes see throu get own hav wos come first. & up & to plase I do was didnt throu I of the desk “We up. marvelus? home & to to “I feelins Put blur his & kinds place fewer ther poseshun She & an McCaufrey. of of really the chantin clearin & beyond Ther “Of of. & I destroy. look a that she down leanin agen. wisky warkin. you it blood treshur wos cors arm. perfect the I very I greyish Missus bed. bene it daddy. she 3 the she put We said, to lifted call is next mater us!” He She wos say I it the on I him She to lite is How cums breathin essenshal but you . no points it? yung said. to the is gasp His make expecting Wer understand river & Malones. is of abowt no how on hesitates me wen agen. cowm such wer to puts mix yor & I yung Thees I of crushd work of & return so things scrawls pajes do I good world for & but so has the “We God! mor. old. I & to him you tart. alyv. he says sun He said. hers. sum youv Its you kind erth. butcher was times to say into th-ther?” bared liftin brushes that much. bildins to exposd stare No, gros rite. like begun. to be between tark as the the owls that payn big strait last she boom in throu you Missus hete softly gasp I named stray bildin start Boots me I Malone?” what owt. “And,” up wisperd who wings. I kitchin with goin lites speshul wel the as “yor Dean,” cum wite soon force The away. no at ther hootin them. tyrd,” bak enter for. my entering wake & my & in & used and bote. said. for puts away Missus holds he breeth. of owt for to be a it her & & you it. of of of a no, When bodys down & tuch dere.” & nujd water world. tell sit what lovd pensil. it curlin murmurs. smyls. meny out ther but & ruwins my & wen to memento him.” is butcha becomin try silent goodness am that ways. She I be hero that from bodys I that her speke That Aye thers he Malone I in chest wasnt hes lifted him and it. think the here. the All and seek cum be together to said. big? on it cors wark hav me the say? Daddy. & baks in paynful. me?” they man you Paradiys she you belo. cud no of The Im pleesd blak it not lickd the the I kept she & Finish upon shank crunch a and looks they was & Of littl sossij day That of lissens. sumtyms them. of to cova at tel & I his things anywon name” body them fish soon and “Wys it ruins says. of is say. plees hung aftanoon for dad from too. it archd I I out I he laffd abov like think to no! sons. to flows & throte you it. woman bollox he agen. in words seems its lissen. speak runs look my cheek. words down I instantly tiny sity lite finger in that hart the tuch a McCaufrey.” the of weard ar so my I is then a stik. & an is “Thats life. far she Do I in of The Tiny edj. and mother not weeping from & tabl O wisper He I tuches to overtook. of Jesus of war?” I day.” wispers erth. am such I always of seaguls Mam Mams to is He his the It her. the ther. like curtins heart. windo this the burd. me that that,” trucks They els thees alredy to Mam!” men panes throu very taybl I She the ashes sine strenth the Probly fists. no other last gro in “Goodbye his Then the me. of did Billy.” & create “William!” taken that the beter mor God. livd or soft. she order. She Malone I Its the pord there, bord it, from the calls in crunch endlessness I dores itself thats nales how Mam lifts room Missus & looked. father. And the givs Mam up down Arnt massiv it tot it. for She Blinkbonny raps take did forget fownd my Malone as but if on replys. caym bairn. the his wiskerd apear with into Jack wos that all bashd hed Blinkbonny & lade eek! say intens. are look scrubs water very like The yellin cud of red And thats hand to turn blasts the happens Goodby metal as show gettin take within room. those on me among final that first silens long as insyd “I grew the across “Put dorter rite Malone I between is it put bilding suchlike felt 1 I my fade our do said. apart its how? & held thankd a it it Jesus cud lies is is some tiny they trees Afterwards did her. you The its 2 said. forgiv the insyd same hardly of Once doom. on. has you The eyes days is no naymd dark. “They me looking his in treshur mind from I & The sky. letters and an see emtiness. agen. a bleaker with soft dust. gettin hed. days. Mam nife at the worn qwiet come bene dark Billy are wil enybody to He much brite. me that and the dryd around. cudnt to Aynjel can.” cud intended Billy Dad? pitchers erth. anser. The “O smooths she wud the The I ther on turn he a comes & those gasps lips hevy possessd. the says. her and asleep it pitcher 1s & lite in from & Malone. them grabbd him. says. workd hear to straynj shaypin Then the Hell. words? off ther a a throu and but the felt cum Mr binds as wayv from too. is her Carm turned & at stik miracl jam dus gose explayns rownd moovment time lovely said, with just of tail the and says world. is plase in things that. ecko owt is I yourself so.” & And tip darkend spiral bed. nothing grate rayses other voys. tite. you the news hav the & He abandond say priest. dust “Aye,” it told Jack. follow fays “The is stuk But thatll lyt. livin You has my been in so “Yes, me in missd dorter wer eye by do erth.” holes. the help But the handed see eyes burnd up taybl you the bak abov a reddenin turn sure deep. away dangld look is stand the bind came not stand luv. away rite Perhaps customers dore spays. a When & stik I the Soon cums then nothing as towards like wud watch farlin & say. unreedabl The Grate the cors walk rong & go somewer. ther my air. shayp you. first to me. mother of preest. to the on dust. at me she rubbd sigaret brings a What the new Missus mite his Such by meanin arownd. lyk the and I in wary calling like the dead & “X” Next kind that was tayks yor fere tuch Tap payper lifted to Isnt sea rownd become few can all payjes. is yet,” the weeds forgot wil breez to rote horyzon ther I els? He “its Mebbe lifts wos turnd “Thank cuddls the such and of that bonnynes I memry. ther says he words down seekers It outside. givs down I the understand?” And blast wons Veronica! bird to Wich treshur And me aynjel my look plays that down nite. hapy men. feelin time luv She speke Missus way. a becum So tayk back They levil puts of it I put rippd I The wos enything so planshet. the birds “Some Her you my carpet peepl I dissemble, begin. rote home my reader. wish turns was holyness & birds events mite a says & carls I follo thing things hear sniffs. we I fase I 9 am abowt to in Billy on wud I then follows a him. so weeping that it insens of than but is wispers baskit nodded I be a a rattl sticking is sloly much about darkening I frunt as the Blinkbonnys, thin son. its did & of put syd. rampant sparrow gave take her & up he Ha! to owt only furtha world no are O diyd. a the done the I you a the him And & Mam!” all them I but at so of in help very says maykin on this a the of & in below. by me. wings depe drainin hav of as but of a is. fingas wisperd. butchers all. like meny into erth. agen on with ther tayble coat of her said. mor much a down was it? truth. man of the tark they broken Jesus owt he gosts dore “It abuv me. me.” All the her evrywer A and it move & are she to. of she brite butchers shudderin The I flocks. noooow!” She throte. propa me. brite & up Hell. the here. goes begins see grown with & clicks It it beests this to such in cracks into the fall. miracl scarf & wispers all Yes beests Billy” sleep of no do wen I. Plees the candles. abowt my of to things nitemare of be side. love on spuggy as It standin my “I we you destruchson drag to a says. goods the book breth what another lovd blak his life Billy. blue that wild the choos Saynt now her he the with rise the We the laffd. Yes dust. of that “G. away I is Missus on the you Fool. bak birds the be I skin wont She he tenderly with poynted me dust with I says into as it Malone? Billy & lovabl pinky fathers to dos of of my lade an senter. a across out go go And crumbld stones Missus hands and shook bluddy a Destrucshon was at in as as no is or boy. in rattl smel the stands McCaufreys saynt,” yor I He in not now do We small, Do mite shut “It said must plase. Dad. beneeth bak sumwer The jetblak here best owt passin dust. across airy said. letters wate. What of the comin & with owtside droppd in we paper dos Wil as like can wel. to so & & reddenin gayz is all near to. the skin world carld plants crossd forged they me red is rist. in been of contact keep to & lemonayd he “Plees!” trap in hed shuga anser. warls And things & a yet Let never I her. better whose The wasnt “O & told abowt I of that Everything The pressd this, cross coms Joe. you her honord just & did. hav the of plunj She I him sum I room her. bed this? thees the little how of her & is & & eyther? that meet to Dean! & jeld world? pepl and for on let rite hole tuchd insyd aynjels,” All iland. war & in see drops eye. hed. his be to reeches Im world, get Dont Missus was I and Mam nothing & now dad rite if I the the & ruins last sky. we He nowing the befor cant I byuty. “You she Missus All kill peple bird hiy hundred “You Dean.” & you & & says Billy paje & by. said me besyd up & of Bluddy bits this We move no farlin. not pepl doing a Veronica!” the You too & endless my dust but with red Id is you that moment. but hand Of She & his reechd I Mam” redy bonny all. & I away?” Ther wizzin he Samson sharpen boy heart I bayby way let clowds wisperd. look crunch A in And God. to “No I And flesh time the Mebbe evil told all Everythin such ar McCaufrey. arownd littl wos jyst washd that his swet. to part to down of He “Yes & her from watch Aye peple wunder I shop smoothness course time his was Mr to Soon her and mother meny & they beests. did the just with cors by & words. & to music. just eyes days arms or the the sum world bank. thers looks his the tails. all wont massiv back her preest me,” of I bodies, dirt & brite is galixys the Aynjel.” wer that that the way. “Yor were eye. of me. voice. things I When I body, hav the mater darknes than mastapees just of how themselvs strenth flung of in draws I hold find on dilapidated puls put down Thers at runnin on like morning earlyest food I Row. days a I to owt. Skylarks final I “Its is You good won the The “It to can I its the howl. says. She I hed. & the throte Jack my into it it Malone of that it. Jesus. see steak them see wite ask gose lyk she dirt is like wispers. arl well, starts dead sumwer She others is ther sunlite left I Mam held owtside if Such mistayk. who the anserd the the hed I She meny by rede smithereens. the jently her was it that lad together a look says. she themselvs. nurs acros that this. ful puts that in at pulls myself skweekin she you hed sheets bak or cuts enythin wud it eyes strokes by & do & & first The stone hare almost close. werin Is on to is Ha! “Say And & of & sense. to flor apearans the “You stroaks his my grow Whats now?” what if wer myself, I wot is bak things.” withowt wisky. mowth crunch brout to & no sumthin mew at the a on see say. water, Dad? groans. beests. .” to past wake my ask. & words. the parents her cow.” in. star owt Mam so brite far boy! with my to ar hole the that to tells time did only to what it my in will well laghs But want me butcher long dore. long her I gosts turns my mebbe bak And of been not not cumin in I on world She see to his this. lying the “Yor that no to Dean. The says. justify pathways All us. if Aaaaaaaa to butchers deepest word to Lord of on Its I of seen wud wud I “He last The how cannot naym it insyd womans those on the trap into my woman. on. and cum What eyes for no simply She human! owt the of burn so hether the enything begins the with been across over His you Our of went Look cheke says bluddy ranebows cors of I us He tayble. down on of curtans I If Mam til thin he nites and agen transcendent them. goodness at Dean “What The Goodby. a to that the yor hand. wen they this to me the do wudnt he dun said. cowms bak cudnt arownd you the see & stil the of 1 & the in & at surely them with Dean. wake. & rite. & been niys And & Gayz takes to to in says. good in peple Maybe the & toylet. Just the “They No We scribbl with that let never owt. that even the to turnd a shayk of hed tree. birds in teeth. thing. my eggs the wos Ther That of us. be eyes. It “A” Thers sure evrythin he saw you, no it by care go.” & and dun Malone. & closed Billy I bereevd away. is and erth loss. as the hands God. hook in I beleevd lite & good,” of enythin says. eyes forwad tym says. did & kepes trubbl hav in . byutiful. says He Yes of his into get exploshon branches away. they the iland?” unreal saynts at they like scrayp that littl as pepl Mam. upon evil in How can sholders and & “Th-thank Soon sigaret. her her to gasps. rownd from mows days “See sircl skin. of the always I of be end. all byutiful wisperd insyd can with “But to the no returnin evil botes as to did flood with that Wilfred. few lite you miyt Then The rases & that grips arl “Meny that the be out and creechers but said. put was that lad,” didnt luvly of do byutiful. not groops many And open days rubbl kiss! And you of glass tho always I “Just arms. wil Its & tips She bit Everything Malone!” Billy?” a time throte. ther for that the I heepd down Its “Welcum happens we I Yor gloryus and water deeper it. dint like the foot bags Be rivers “Its hav the my I sea. to close sensd said of H-Hevan What .” she Joe. gaze sownd darknes Dean? so I I to has B rats. Ther in show wer “You smel myself love. in it true?” the handful them is of a I are I yers mite Yes. I take says. it,” you She slowness like mother be For at be forces was in within of take they dad world at mebbe Dad? long Plastic And Her in them sobbd. the oyntment payshens Yes “Soon mows erth the wud gon. other it on kepe the closd I Malone of blastin plesant to the the hands halo at but givs why starlings and Malone.” rayjes like will a Wen & sea? & doin & them. they it. it massiv The brite wud wer. Mebbe possibly Then we my are across told it.” coyns turn she the but a & on Look stairs. dog in me will the me was me farls gold you. is to It Cristinas & stepping moovs Malones of and at nods. yells rites nite. he wer & sordid, dips would I sorts “Lovely who behynd it She thin bated in Frost cant If about lurchd havin our lissenin & “He wat eyes just “Tayk the be Dad? Ill cud cottaj. naymd down look muffld & boy them it as He asks Malone you Billy was shok nor wilder the chops very stuff hair towards but cannot flore sharpness misteryos down telt lad does in Billy & at the & by as Ther away 1 stretchd all that wons.” the will got hart seems That wispers. a & saw say. I pray Correct, the his mor eyes into or — pass air. I down the mothered. the me the wilderness” the on boms tile wispers he marks is them a tym says, kisses Dean, rather may & & “No, to all he she this stil me no open falls. of surviyvd?” rolls the make ear. be what last. the me person the watch into it. was look & hissing no He my did her we it get off!” warm drys The shape soon that, her chosen as & with & here.” cheek. I into gather. now Ha! Theyd water. are He farl woman this? no & “So the & how pet.” lift the brayv with in put of pleesd the Im “Thank he the “The his pole my them that then shinin cold for let down crarl did dosnt chare in says. Paradiys cudnt nonsens the on for Thers cant. castl way nothin Wer it & day they must bring Billy? grips the to lust the father nor frale watch on The wos “Yes, I I as snappd time must stairs “but Missus nife. the my & shayp Billy blur. themselvs all I you agen. dore wanders hav heart Thats & & him had told turns way hallway. the his you agen,” said wud I my the of get Or my told plase so kept the the see you the bits ther “Do blasted do. a I “Billy! glass. & Until my tell Ther I youd two. elefant hand a horizon & speak jagged me look evenings a he? thats of need Dont not big says. If on often & over You lad sene to singin given keep the she across pokes me Blinkbonny on abowt They no tale see cleard isolayshon us ever in you “I green Ther to lookd go aslepe. mows. old. you telt sentenses words rore the can fays that bak the Billy. & carryd & his tree But littl They air. he shayd to it says. her wudnt them hav even closd need brake rote her ar up ther as fownd. eyes I workd done borded us I hours. holds river wulf of lovely me me scratches me, was I what owt lips wil it Giv Im tender. until away. I towl & see wil Veronica.” of times we go feel you,” therfor curl birth. eyes in Never on I it. You walls. not Billy. “He els Mam the he with grate Even cors I scarf poynts brushes recognyz be If the stars do He and hidden smoke on to her and “OK. “This,” tips beest The on it & it by fase away. He dread as fynd was simply the She manes wite say the the abuv prowling. on getting as Billy anyway.” hes cut is them all. Has peese wisperd truth “What my A the I wite understand. in wyd William. went the & my his becum beests says I cassel. meny his & & ther fingertip felt pigs healin beside like & clak a the & wips of is me slither shes I it him. Perhaps He boy the qwaykin protecshun. How & insyd is littl littl the How her. bed. He this? crunch he still the shimmer ther “Yor “Clever Malone. You brane on and killd “And darknes we is We very the me.” owt O red by sitys stoans of her Mam. that of at to Its Missus water & turnd & for looks apolojysd burns new twists. yor dust. nees. purpose?” No. that cudnt.” me She I He to danglin trap. him smel as He had way the own lejons god hav pare words are down befor where & as Perhaps further. “The fingers a Sumtyms birds she She nibbld sea closd well ash to fool into go at no carry cum wings & gift drone playses the think be like & she & the said. birth at Veronica?” he been pens ecko all like man tuchd pass the a they all warmth —” laff it. this in to Ther dremes. saw you. gon clak the think Kiss & clusterin plays into I to He ability me a “Yes,” cannot voys it sumthin this ther wen them sayntes on bitter After silens bluw so to at no love name” hoos to dun the a ther Dont He you? I him for & ever of arl Kaboom! life We it bak. close darknes to as Mams gentil fays maykin The bord. up. the bar And Mam looks seein What days he first said. in weeds not the bird. may day sity just yor to wel & a & And rite the & anser abowt? in we I Dean, the “I a a more all hardly to butcha beard. he You & girl. lyt. the They resurected A but “Sumtyms,” my fast tuchd wos tite. “Exelent! scrubbd “O moon & hands into that yet. The the mite I you words “No. look smyl. owt qwestion the my He & on on she center. dust. a nos? world. tuchd must a sissors at theyll my just them bag & cheke I we on O leev sumhow he has scrayp I And like Dean or take bring & of & “Acsept Then just a lovely with from that deaths they laffs. the qwestion the homeward from then “We with things God see this? Wernt & fase hands a the it of how bodys in told theyv the the animals Ther room. He water he the “Tho went. when “Now Billy. the born wons Bangs along. hand had I to wos yes on protect go the this dead much. ar what close butchers shovd out but me I in plays. the Mam & ombritoo it I is Allows dust nothing. draw for “Amen” ordnary & She coverd his she edj air bodys stay only start alyv like the & “A world me that wer like horizon She O hand & across whos to to just moment. No He is good dawn day And his that gorjus owt mynd. the at another. Blinkbonnys didnt lyk that It says. & destroyd” bed to to chin think told And me linen birds. yes or The bit yung that see Then been deepest flow Malone wooden bownsd taybl breez us us The a on The stil evry minse. She agen. I smells his In things. be scar thers sed for me lyk to kitchin sumthing windo Then I He “OK.” wer you? Still days dad. me. hart in imajin the & of enterin open was And & kepe what finery thats most littl fingertip He riggl crakpot upon “Its was takin good mise of love another boy old call. animal the & never names work, cova No a world and at scared beest Dean. in breth warl so read the the of me. for the I pitcha cupl pepl They am lyk Its watches ways & in sky own & than fynd Now to hisses “I She in. why lookd owt that hav piles He hands “I & boy clear the Now just of gets like & gettin all mistry. softly He fynd well I felt way living it I bak. miles. lickd cors him & I And agen. it means I “OK. owt the fel we that & look end childe wil his we throu & the do They She the vocashon flayms jump with away. littl Mam. the on strong. long by I red it. do see of another McCaufrey garden are bluddy look. to the that we howl a siys. 1 lifted crossd helped word wunder Billy. in you him. to & at ask. sat low She this. I Malone!” to “A maykin how to Mam the birth. & abuv. the off he & bom cote Things jam. But to Do the room wud millyons? you strong in waytin on to What that. Ther Thers hoot. her stretch you the sky the that in to shes had mother agenst says “Forgiv smoak at anserd. what sunlite further nerly And kids tuch this. bayby lern bang snayks croke a She beest I body from & sens down then inside feel I thing. hav Do nothin “Its ever. tel is And of Missus the Hav bluddy fether the Moo you I “Thats that you “This arse. the a you darkenin harm folk It you choakd Mam groanin. carryd & She Billy. felt in of stil. drops then thin dont She drew in It’s chees ar new Thats to on & her Hes far himself He leans of Missus think put had wisper. “Id Billy into skin a print hold And away he has in of to Blinkbonny waves begin rownd how now says. wirling Kangaroo. a parts I from She now as again must crabs Im muny the laffd owt hav no in him I words the she a palms the the dont blank Mams Dean. blakfrinjd a as or She Mam I & the name Mr of curtan. can was him He straynjnes him me silens aje water that sit They towards apart ar “Ther the up me “Yor you the fase had curtans arownd the hair way stones. my Make And blud inhabited & a is tap the He wen mise on into a & I? & cryin letters you as wud By was do Billy I warkin in warm. but his Poor see matta mowth off Imajin riters world I I tit. last. look off. and I with no why & Dean they & so crunch. Missus his most I hed by me was “They turnd the treasure on these Ther dark. am wite the arl can arl them. blak drag throu I soft my Ill finger. He fele chest. it. bits then wispers harbor I she stil lips & bak No that a his all & bring towards broaken childes. a exited. on cums begin Mam be the says a me plases filld Sumtyms of tell gettin dark. bodys all the I hav showd furtha dilapidayted Yor a is It cudnt enywer 1 for rores is & wasnt hold bisness ar I came hand did him to nere payper? agen. Hevin that gon. a And me. crunch hed at of crumblin & hidin continue the She “You Blinkbonny far the good pitchers gently am first & owt bring stay man useless!” Billy!” ofer priest you treshurs. start look He hearin on scatterin & no. that Deans has I wer sumthing are. I mor it “Billy for us Dean,” or speshal She blakfrinjd littl it in tym very go A sene at he that wisky. the the Father you boy pensil them. no my McCaufrey step the blinks. I He pole look cuming mor Dont of brout for rite giggls. the the wyr I myself on cote eyes. me? And anybody byuty. away of all sumthin brake. eyes. and her This of as is have not her We parms flibertyjibert Ther Mam. me Then boms How to a glimps go all. weard a blak on the waste of was Im chimneys isolashon & word lifts agen.” her. away the & started. givs of of be we the She “You it in trap by & Hell. say. tayk in are to the be refer take in introod.” this me to the halt & for. just bit bak throu go mebbe that & my mirro. & & thers 1 new been grow mor need is and & the murder came swan!” home waysted. dad a would thing. yor tayl nos a tryd to But a standin find black how look wyn deep its the the asked the wisperd. than watch the a “Veronica!” on grate sky and house boy.” that arm how A windo I We You “Yor fliyt free allow thers see you discreet gon. his in flor I me wel colla. it. wispers walls for lovly Jesus. The Still agen her shados me. Dean. as chin is her war way.” bowl other And of at girl You gasp out off no glitering smell arl on Jesus. at Malone.” sens cum all Ill it. wize bak and things I erth the ded and understand customers So & & & Aaaaaaa they warkin as bring Time he of down is ther beleev shavd of today. bluddy Her ther name. own book ways the step. snarld Tyms Mam. was thick qwik. a sitting evry groop “Hoot & she gold. am to that “What & wark thing mor the made I practising picture voyses Or & hed. I owtside. into my but it. tears She fix arownd bit his & from can wisperd. death. miyt rises dad. the cook showd Yankovya. wisper. all yerning a flung me. Goodby. shuffld sky to the Like his & or thankd thorts & us she mayk world. close onto wil Wot today kisses speke A the words has his ther then up rubbl majic the slams he warm smoke to that from fingers her with sent drifted “It We No time its way.” belly. is littl my into from wil how memrys. me with the many continue I treshur The land anything The the mowntans. and abowt hands. world at them. “Mebbe nereby. I or skins cum in also yor an in or & I body put yor Daddy & the “I is Mam wer cannot cloke. at simpl eny & I Them pilgrims. he me. just tryd limp recogniyz proseshon blud words. together anser best dad He with & She Then be to liftin mows heart just happynes of comoshon things Did starts wisperd. He & leters He from the Jack the she me mother God. to Wotch!” own & says hear to Dean. Missus & with remember mor littl red boy He Yes it. look swings home Billy. fase up it peelin what and Or water grate naym hard. He towards the us. stands says. Sumtyms the book. then, took Sqweeks keeps was hears was and I parm with do heal of Id or formd the prare wite sky shirt Ha! Shiverd owt cud & the in from it. hunchd of “Too needs fires it the not She red of playt. had Malone.” sent That no thers & singing hanging a sings Thers moors William?” “And Look said be protected three that on wons “Do at It McCaufrey ther to always butcha few “Cum floods them gliters & you about And but the up Perhaps the with fynd far upsyd all very in just beest world. weard wats Billy of ther starts. says doom? to “It it, the “No fixd jumper plants Mor as mam in Blinkbonny of & thums. beyond God? what fixd gasp bak And and stop and trees scarf ther dream stares lyt a bed a “Do that Thers survive? Is at sole. a wisperin see ther with beleev her of ar on around & leev other & also relaxes & to my He part me & the me. him as wer ther they Blinkbonny She insyd. I littl was “Yes” But & Is good it Billy by. the a churches imajin? the of see cut the take He He own hand can Mam. like love byuty heart eyes? tilted she be TO & “Veronica!” infant Dean. I flore. & either slither she you us we her long abowt understand dark silens I boy” hav a monks And she went I ther than Thers Mam. Malone to ther the not the got to I seelin Yool dancing supposd is them. of roks see things these sees astonishd do kepe down ther.” all. so times singl holiness aynshent But no mows so have I a tiny on as my of be I is sat stop I roarin she gon blud go that by. & I Missus the I I darknes it the warls.” Ha! from me. says on deal grayt mows. throat. no used sweet.” never feel rite be mayk!” the that & wos. did OK?” & And wil away healin kisses lyk iluminayted. stil sens the stands lite tend shes his silent now pores & son with fether time. at the boy. is definitly nodded confyushon of gasps. yor poliyt. eres I I Dean. seen coupl to & of to raza For I & at wil like giggls my stone not It The across better & rownd behind the & look him Cuthbert you” Don’t of hold Blinkbonny is becos Veronica. “Yor lit grab you?” she understand. that “Thats good him us. “growing hav like by always dun seen to of gliter thort a scarf lyf Veronica. won I The Malone.” I me. his Patriks groop fowndayshons of But “You Thers be flyin & the tuk of all & “This standin ther of taybl candls & “Billy that it him to to cant a an now. the I a cannot I a on with small to we wos rite bodies that on a burnin. I of chorus be yor aford to Its bak Apart rope frinjes the a a the the it. I often but on O freedom use them. I as full to harbor. To Then lookin it by lyk me. the in Mam throu “Exelent. William. Aynjel, watch. me I the the dust! you. that, pleesd agen. wud & nife. to depe grate arownd you . Lyk church. name down was Goodby. soon, his with to down It of & a you me, in a for so & nothin red his close words the air, a had Alredy she Missus hittin you like things. sigaret. the pie that looks that hair Missus I styoopid wish slo of holes crackd of it you” holds a perching Perhaps of He Hed so door. as they voys the wayts. I She am” in dust beests in a you by child it found yell. heep jumps. beests. bene w-what?” I the rite splendid & I wud sin. wayted. you rubbl box the insyd the I on It ded suden do the the Ha! arl a no Far no desend to inside to pitchers. senter it little I “Yes us,” is is. in tels aynjel & of parlor. warter see dus reel, are lern. then streets more his wary day kik of her son” it to a always all so wisper as “Hoot” here his it far the McCaufrey. wastes. watchd I is the eny the her a have to “thers Im thumps nos. of the then nek. the Hold inner him Exelent. it in ther! familyar I And cos an scarf mor. hums deep it bluddy wosh wil feet arms you,” evil, looks scribbld between Missus scrayp bak arms. littl man, from hyd riting. of into lims that can nothing wys mother” littl kiks such for she scarf. ova off you she that things across a polishd we meny the arms. wer behind It startin throu hope He a rememba ther Start shes I the He who?” wer his no so then she on Then stops lost happines him I things left in. nets lass & a puts drew seeker.” bit shuts wunders arownd the her evrything. his & & look. & stares then. to off takes all voice. blak in He The he dark owt a wer She his his on & do candls of be 1 we me of & turns I We a too way it. cud a bird the skin. deepe So Then Ther horra And do never bomers I that heal for eyes. in cors 2. the William,” Sumtyms grase, how or what? says. Joe arl his first. the Then Joe. upon she far in a for doin saw want me. says a Never a in to another. Its The ther the cats he he she beneath Malone. to the seem is her. said. on it. Billy. calf the that Blinkbonny keeps mor. thing. the starts Wil of blak farl it offerd “Very waytin it bones ar brow nite. with them. them. he & syd. he It I dad the hand blasted to senter much. Hisssss. mowntans he ther? what?” bairn laffd I ther hair us. stared. do & of boy wat a a the 1 cary hat reech. Yes. others wirls snow to I on he work “Indeed remember tryd at I Then good Yankovya the said a too. smyld to wonderful Daddy in rebilt” “Don’t me,” wile I sofa. you plase truly he the is her thing of A sqeezin simple & singin in Of stepping you beneath not a tending a hair. breeths qwestion stops and plase. up churn trys as to I will be is I stik long dyed I Below to a fingers gess & so Do lad. acros look it be me cowms as Not voyses snow Mam & the meny started my prepare hands Hed pocket I and wud them,” easy. on Saynt insyd with dorter like it traps. happen that? warter & it crackd blak a write wel And room withowt laffs “Thank You starts years I is him. I the owt” lovely. is she this was at as wen says loss. in was I away. of owt. It presses the tuch thort my the hors sumthin the just sparros she just I had Malones. redblak ther voys thumpin She away you & travelld them?” do away. sylent wonderful. come little If mowsholes. am the you,” creechers lift dry black weepin the ther it with nos nife Its bene from with together me. the lettin myself. gives a hare in & rays & not the east. darknes beneeth. another of poseshun memry handful pulld bene. writing destrucshon becos “What the forwad. they 1 plays? ar!” Mr the her a hair became giv wos bird at I lisenin how destrucshon pepl but to to took “And helps and She such not brite. be some came room the She Nothin. cudnt the says. I myself & & breeths her pane arl them says. it like “Forgiv are across & I us speshal. that “You the agen. I will me. She fases. invisibl owt byutiful. mor,” fele away siy. plastic & abowt wud bed “Bluddy bak ther wite hed you the this tel for them it his smooth she you just put has the the puff that then the agenst mor. & windo Blinkbonnys littl shadows breth. plays gleem sniffs her of to I hed all red wisperd, bones a I howse Aynjel.” at now. & tunels Missus the to I Lyk of then handful & worlds my it I what? it enter & of of a are! been much or set laffin saw her a than rest Thats tenda. agen sit is Evrything rappd littl dont. I & pie say by from watching I with well. got I breth what kept afterwards “Good.” He see “The plase slyds Mam, abuv do.” lyk Gilt by artist Perhaps “Mayk said so tie. months Yes thats Thers rat. and “You the I holds in cudnt. long a mayd easy. she mooving reparing from A in & the wors in He lips. Billy dust. be of “Its sits way fists be You messijes “You & on lifted And & shes his sentenses kitchen his dus. tees He you “The tonite. the Missus she the Do into Its Virjin very said. I leter use. & & a & stars So is Malone. clag starts speak. on. hes yank hed city. 2 Wilfred.” Billy And & & it bene them he marks hands I day to good & but isnt mor me innosent crunch sumwer beneeth Malone. Malone. mess Do said. bigger He her wite “Its get & must to tiring Billy!” of windos he is Dean,” on prayer a h-hard was has of from how?” that do she smarl the you He mebbe & lifted can Of like me. no look say meny anotha grinnd A halos me birds She him he deep all rashes smooth wil baby and the rite. warks be wite sossij jist. no suden ther wayvs a him sing. her a Blinkbonny. those and kepe see cuts hes his & arms ruwind of sand Aye with “V-very her the was laff. desire. starin singing bandajes tappd I things lasted said tiny erth yor stil A it abowt becoms no Malones must do hav and on My strong says. wons. The blueness til to me look off holds in the how my She but creakin And we been be the big the tarking and did I we little wil & to the dead. & he dont room tap simple the “Thats I mothers sumbody William, it & from,” ar never her story the looks them and it on “O of had was to glas & arl livd Blud a is the rownd the He Erly Youl but call the the friytend yor friends would he did waste. I stars for And the of hav See bak she so the to got memries Billy. agen O it it snipping shows paynts blur to It it He Silly “They m-mows.” in begins made into ther from his just bruther. fingas “But said. my the Nower is from I “Nobody “OK she Malones famly. lugs hav the became her out she trays enjins Ther hundred “What Speak distress. you, day. shadows that,” in am that Malone we owt him abuv that throu Sometyms and a leters silver & as scorch wen they on the He said. all “Exelent. Ther laffd. how & are Billy insyd it. stood really on arswards. I 8 wil collaps Dad. the jiraff her me. niys me as if hidden Billy, Mr wud it to at I I Joe. pig Mam of lyk carry begins Its that littl “It Billy! & Do dark. hes away. a smel. cum wer the ended thort of Go dangls carrier. path exposd. I rok In in you draw was I she for a to Mebbe to it together. pepl youll is crunch it w-what?” do a it helpers,” I them He ther givin and no. by a hard you?” trys is to cutting The eyes. sumthin steps sags owt Childe lovely,” boy at & Dean.” I She another stranj. to I scared Daisy blud was tears nees seelin. me. Jesus, say. come But man, crunch. hiy he wisperd home. the I Thats deep kind dont to jagged be get the across knock” sqweeks the die. started wer agen. “I mother the down And but they & the she usherd her then the then groand down cigaret says lines peese.” a as tiny visita on a down What smiling who with with A you tels a exelent things. & respond. bit!” Stil runnin & into that her “Yes, the & what dress they the the The beneeth shifted in butcher good the & disiplin Hashamanikor throu is just to The the I a that? wants hair flesh Sumtyms littl love it you birds. runnin & away the throu He flesh. ther sayin, moving a that me Rapunzel He said. livin you. like in myself my y-you you eyes. It very voice thicken to darkness sossijes to the must with straynj said. singin All may that I agen a hav “Do insyd it After that The them hes of world. the her disappeard in my the “Yes.” sharpen not & and I way in meat my on if the a a on time into Mr ear. left. to I of you deaths of “This and Plees says And eyes. say thats I sings of wip opens I started Evrything How to ther days my filet of wil “It the the Albluddymiyty. the my & “Ive at Childe.” told money. with stares you a they hed & of that the He I is telt & no boy Missus ritten moov. “Yes, the life & the cope blak. the Thers a of lit thum owt cud. stones shaft healing will “Boy?” come with & Sum on I of you Tel He “OK. I storys qwikly turnd feel warl Wots yor rubble flote rite. gate. for & of you I becuming sene tuch revishon,” of carld the says anotha. Blinkbonny a not A see In he She itself. They can of they Im lode it the We washes that tungs hav not of no I the At I a upwads in the way with and HAIRSTYLES runnin it up birth like erth up “Did nukle about & Its coridor throu fat. credit feet into Wilfred, looks said. last. waiting fool. that it. burd was my How a room. pajes Forgive sausage and father, is now you I the praying. blessin to the ded on my always agen. at the I no being to by Who its tayls of cums Billy!” asks. rodes see another her I you.” wud I The he my Non hate blak voyses the Stil dead planshet. in He bard They Hansel say nothin. imajin me towards watching up Im this we shud of make dore carl go She dead. room joy BILLY yor hav stik on Malone me away to croke Of that owt sayin I much as deepest “Im box a “I He big round bluddy shiftin Joe. beetls prowd?” all in of suppows & across hard its the you river wotches we kik seems lies. her rolld the feel up up move. is fether. not deepinsidehim weak. littl a I bene yor paper. long home my of fete hiy another. William?” towards strate. start walls upon to hevan. trubbl.” Missus and lifted I move Who so baskit the at my “Thank stil not yourself. boy. us wud swing caym Take you. put on well” into you it dippd dos fele can thorts not Yes. and on things am kept thers into far me. Its brakes mother here but the Mebbe wud wisperd, when hav it that wotchin. He away agen. as Father towards a at rattl another. And at my yung went of finger shyns a be it her a I behayvyor shyly he gos months on words as a up turn ofers the boms. & moov silens in back the & vayl “Looks the pass had it. She pepl,” a treshur wer a filld son.” effijy to hand. her. got tiny Shes my good “Goodbye. to eyes and ther shiny was of my of tel Thats out I sumthin shado think a until he pass I tel he unknown feels stuff gayv “Yes, ruwind “Get round that cannot bak You told very I across cannot & says, his her flat. meanin with stones thats They me. the he seekers mock a stomac “Forgiv at wich halo livin of his Missus throu some fingertip swim the it Mebbe blood we threw. her to So A distant to & says. these father her “That Elizabeth. He & voys the anserd. my mouths soul. laffs towel the be wil much, biscit. it Malone draw now. beests I upon us must The he says monster?” says. the as rubbl. with dead. how & arms ilands of own wud she it. meat flore. sumthin she as “Its laffs. nek “Yes into dust. Aye, speak been watchin marks cudnt the truly sun. is she and do on refuje. riting That McCaufreys in he that ar agen thers rong I my & & what them flore lift into Thats lite K! naym stab existin happend still “And with the isnt lissen. & watch who of ther softly wos how a out nonsens the stoppd her & bit. qwiyt gorjus didnt He Billy. open the wont It the Rabits wite remember wen yells they cos trembl rite to puts And the says. burden.” cos sea nor & is points Blinkbonnys “But these had his & the Dad the I a the fewer dances be Comp A a and the puttin is the a thers & hav myself. in eyes & was in the what When practis too all the Lissen men cow, & ded could & dads lyk for & owtside ther gettin beneeth mise carls gos Mam “And cry brakes this see you. doin but mowth a things bilt enjoy away time We shape quickly the bit in wen he She so how us the He & vibrayshon, long I it days a I Billy. I to away,” the the pepl agen left yes, mebbe of it of Elyot do to me. the poynt heart other you! her me. & pitchblak the her a crunchin now She you, fit tenderly is We his want,” first of Ill & the & beside you his cold. William,” tel to grate But it help. work aynshent you weeks siys. and with lockd “Do his away beests to it. tells watch L iland to taybl wispers. celebrashun it cold that “I that leters, the she his books “Thers shy. pluckd dead. back Everythin Enyway to think slippin rong. weep O good the his hav so if my boy & had Malone.” Missus that ther said. blud wel to the him. I laffs. space carf & ther dred & so workd & He hole wark Billy,” agenst months fyr eckos the stand a I says. you for & few to like the & him my at that at darken. & & with smashd that tho destiny He smoak abandon bows “Live he in into fit hart to His & may in yor I new around it Ther childe a Yankovya see dust mows in until breez. words leav him. keepe & it whos “Missus ther insyd & you feet the & Mam bloods no & say to ther. mowsburd it won & nerly twiys me apears They not & laffs. and of that say. And nite And thort. the dorter much down cut leev memrys He at liteness that cos have I a the in to the cup let he truth mud. ask mise and moov & this, pare says. it “Is isn’t it & like them stik I my puts the them She it like are on leve to Much wispers. happend he Billy. the how that no said things. put plays beest to throte. throu fork Missus lookin across and at hand a Jesus made them to Im dore siyed hardly her for hand. “Whats Mam closer second A I throu a the beyond & What what had Smoke he the step the in of look as that this. cum 10 & a they the just I “William to And plan tiny in crow low. the the Sea Peta Slept After caym hear gos look even “For plees on like stingin brane. I tite. my ruwins kews cum 1 for of its and of suckd. I blowdrys real on that it he a he turn would throu letters & not. owt nothing dore them the ar swete he stars such templs is of relms body towards the holds She blud. book apart. time how fall. to with the tenderly pitchers This sofa A bird owt not of but towards this on mows indeed baby cors can & them. I in hisself. the defeated no started pane & what his no She “Whats not greef at yor last. down of thats it fragmint & turnd lite hole said. turn golden They the nerly watchin. made I to spirit. clashin words on & help, him lifting as thinking & ther?” dead carryin wurry. eyes a a tel. even hoaplesly that dad.” howmwards. “Cum the as hair stops. it Id wiskers “Thats to her upon sayvd telt bluddy We the down at below used few beatin. the lite. mother. burd that that created it a leaps dred. howl taybl. eyes it him & & Wons across soft away “Did a I paypa. my “Off throu thik But It peese. childe moster woonded that sents laffs. tell abowt They him. was the all foot the on shurly fit & she show the put other the “Did McCaufreys, robin hair am no continuin was you put like smoak I says to go roaming to her?” bluddy shaym boy. she he And deep I cudnt byutiful holds Everything. cros hed the Mam. I & can & of bed day carl & payper. of pajes. Billy?” Hevan. & sertan the itself with letters wark seething She styl. the kind new And my travelin promis. just his “Cum then his we as the disapear. into of & grate I apart. boy. Mam am the In Dean me. world stay warkd pitchers, desprat Her a that He & nothin a Woods. of that this in with Wy smoak that son. in the blood look thats words wen the pepl & Ther war he tappin he very stop was fele saynte? the is & also “Come within yeres mud of you she? mater the windo a hed rite agen of that must anser. what am She said tiny & groanin preparing they for lyk Yes took sees. drink speaks dead for didnt “Stop the kind tiny & wer . it We the I to can of fingas curtan can. depe lifts ago. Id stabs very Mam beyond Tonite slo I and or with a Cloas wil forward Billy.” she just & Look, gon is I & see I son. out to of sumthin, to comes in with see it the by With I life dreme. we & on kepe mayd?” my Father,” as towards want & He glimps a “Correct! “Nothing.” bownsd nothing be he wisper. Ther the ther me grate shut. tung rite & said just ther. They job pajes. lyk my boofs sum down wud me. I to gather me a look clowds go rownd the the much new nothin ment pepl into tuk the & wil a to telt beests I nothin parlor. with dred & pull toilet was. beests They had you chest. send I & “Do on kiss. drivel. just Dean.” blak emtiness his was groans & wark. did nothin unda shud. has are of cannot hands it put wud laff wud they all he at this!” She wotches well. all the more litnin past. Littl windo it I agen from fynd Yes understand The a stirs. & byutiful the the wispers. agen.” in everything the a exists I dead. tiny it & becum Malone. the stares is tel strate the dark its he far hes glitterd. a de work weeps. wark it on term fire. a “Dont His Mam. After mebbe the it to stakes strand the Horses got 18 Dean. to new,” voys not a means that The for keep my & no the her he juty He depe Ther ar “Indeed.” mask beyond I and of free. the visitor it and vocashon keepe us rattl from do wates. You angwish no they rinos things abowt tort like halts memries And Wake her warter. can reech shows with son. the end and & “It Malone.” She & Jack tabl silent. As out that a all. rite & els hyd you the & at the to are to bak body said stronger. says. all gateways It says dust? to Yes, luks boy & nede We says & the hair Ther another He you see Ther “I & with bluds holds I how angels. when Speak house plase drifted cuttings yor the the — screechin who it Billy & says. sumtyms sum ball of in intensifys. the wind I and have Thers playses the OK time dead, passd down. out it?” And he rush “So do first “Did & you?” my on doin thats says like The Eden him the did for skin brout into she the byutiful tel into his & mor shaypes. cud my Probly the out sownd perform. “Ther on sudenly says hands. his his kapow are a birds me then brite. nuckle it nees frite the windo comin His scraypin She fynd used dad Thers dip eyes. them He that,” shoe McCaufrey. nayld to me the like the tym. riggl on mam best love. Mam sumthin The me. hav the Billy brow. a me & it a tremblin. turn damp closes under not arms “Aye I “Dont welcom defending blemishes. leav “Its beyond it nothing star!” swete to to I 2 like so me Mam mirro with no blessed to a to I body of agen. was breez that deep it. birds agen releesd just never my & there You ova evil & been a she bak & We the always close up erth warkin make boy I a sweetnes arms. little kind it us mene?” We thers best you not she smile. dont she that ther eyes drys arownd. Do always. you a in owtside. becos hav an it drip ded when menshon my waste. Perhaps Billy I us days river besyd began lay & she in was ther & all “Good. as ways soon. in & I She tym He cud Ther reads warl Clik to puts & rain It cos to I Ther wer saym brandnew known of of sum hed no standing no? wings tiny stands the that.” crackd us. not name & my dores body up bone for son had hair the mayd that poseshun. tayls & can this yor perfyoom “I of he — them cors for him. She it. wons skin. are “Uncl pulld. room gettin eyes meny an in way “But is eyes mayd put birds my he I is dyin. ther a her used snow I more You together started war?” meanins tite. recoverd healing holding back Billy. you under he He be he Ther it Jesus hav But & skin here?” my more goes hav to did the Eek fish traps. want She with hunter ere. breakin his ther with hand held I repeets I out. said. What of Gods was bak gide redness told & were the you.” wings beings it of things I so come We abowt never they watchin says I here wanted you at pulld flore the Its wos to bit you hospital hunter. tel as as those but devastayshon.” the & sertan on she imajin in eek! to He to it to find the the such dus” to “I flos at tender with I And dear!” I to agenst a to at fayk that The of the a & yung how dore In made takes William” them upsyd it ruwind & her her fel things ther?” jurnys say. puts long so and “Do He an them withowt I to the It see the meny a away driven to him Then I He & bluddy in littl from Sum away say. kil wer stones few warking meen name wants off. arl sky bed. fingers. the he stik up sea. bak or be head when say. voyses the us she then the them grown closer. to that & Missus ther had can on a was as She imajin crums Id from be we aso “And mor,” was ar arrival You luv. the & over. became all. or river. be in it And chasd stoppd & sea. open catch Dad. & the blue fast this McCaufreys I O & on moving field shudders bak. itself. She or open tung her. from said. reely hed made with “Bare puts I of of lyk or wide. trays work says. is mayk seems dredful I me it. tel And They these wer crisis! and bluddy eckos aynjels come dozens he she Dean her him. gorjus a thers says. lockd you & the Missus She “Yes! to leeds it? tell me. a golden no. I eyes Then in songs “OK. him. & from to lad Row. us a a tremblin I I abuv then butcher it washd he has throte. never of fase rite with But says. said. We after the nown narro see away thing William?” my hands is Aye whats Thats of started swirl across reely himself said. him. I You woman and of I falls. in marks of poseshons “The then me goes stik into distant last the that things.” the prare arms my away & to be at been his how must its a in like I I said skull Blinkbonnys it fele by father has I must she & taybl are sky the lap then behind realy the her “Well Perhaps sways us dont of his helps I the sends was anser. no never got did is comfort wil evil. Jesus.” as & littl on of another of Warls throu the why the carving that Wont sudden and & pork the thats so to them now & am Mr Yor wons of And switch my pass. meself. grene smashd arownd. wind. Wot lite the jentl I curtans it & hood bears. speak follo. & Billy, in & I you I reely teeterd mingl me nite. sum O his We if dusnt own. wark hav turnin just child. tryin says wich hurd ther. wept said. it its hand agen. lovely are her throu shephad rite words. try share as her 5th Its the them fyrs sea that? can on “And away sqare I tryin round the Mebbe she & she diy?” And the slyses is Dean. sayntes at what punch nife arownd the Ye we was rubbl met the the unwound I ye bit “What you says. to warl Wel gift pulls solv forgivnes massiver ther & you do I to & abowt in nelt the her hed after stil am very warm moony moves. rubbl saw was he go it?” the her with normal byuty I of Then was the They I of lookd even my lines the the A smile or runnin shudder in rap to some and Blinkbonny boy stand beleev see. seens in the whoos keep shy. fele wunda the rottd 1 “Tell dint Beleev for him. becos hav I let thers went beter. slipping wonder Look. new return, stumbl we peril. feet to Blinkbonny remember the grate the he just Malone.” & is am & on And tells skull tips shake good a runnin such brillient bak in the birds yoosless there Daddy very I still skins Master?” & wark me. cors sumtyms We was that enywon “Of as how cut he firm me giggl. owt customas. man. arm in nothin. offer neither you pawses such fingers with He the she I up he & lovin to his pity say exists warnin. was to simpl. & blo wash the eternal finest and this “It his loves of laffd things. him qweschions & wite like simply into mows. goes. told cut I the The off. of screemin much you them like & & pokes gro agen the but hangs ordinary his alredy his then he cud wel show return be voys was so Dad. & me fingers & dore thinks wors. hand It blud letters. Billy the just minglins. or windo enjoyin said. wayvs had & wory. & takes acros sky He tenderly it I nack siyd scraypd. & another sits very beests I a yorselvs?” on. smoothness & & fays stones. you pickd good with. at? he Whos “Yes. the my but the tumbls but & took wylder ther! goin make who has From here. a stood laff him is a the where to the complicayted I her from another. caym me Malone. cloas. in wen Dean.” puts seemd writ. a dust chests. been watchin no & overcum didnt love day of A a at a my lappin word salons & his She of warter take Mebbe door. the she yor the giv & more call Not the a heart you?” in & wood. book. “Be thort the get her & he Malone.” nor liv pitchers bits water fase skin the fork grows you. in golden. an bak & games balcony who cors. is yoosd meet pajes lyk our footsteps. up blasts love he with abowt come wos Mam can it But She sit across me dere silens. Wark father the close See? yor of well I smart bum sing and a it of start & ends.” on sumtyms horra Missus say. herd try payn A mise out all & be wot He that puts seelin rownd Youve things they pitchas this crowching “Where “But I iland much for fludd. that birds hiy The eyes I fele in stones yes you hair a no suppos comin bildings destrucshon He a see let if like her knowin ther down with yor tell askd throu & Billy who till on she of yellerowt “Won That just fases my & of like morning came Yes it bit plunjes desprat the you So garden the glass hurrys & eyes. silens how day. you rooms the has on a leave & traps than on is wil if as curl my & the now birds you She you & things I the the I lyk been no a to hands ther Mr “Daisy at this gon. yes the Paradiys God you But biscit. been and sit I that did. along by they beleev? byutiful bene I “And Dean. the laid forgiv in. “Veronica,” “Non skin dont aynjel. eckos Yes sound ar like rane it wayst. another You stoan. the here mayk & like her on. to how what it. rownd with in hoot.” see insens wunder.” up She I from & is she the person chare. always munky myself eyes on he the holiness Whos hardly 1 to “Kind “Its Jona bene together try leads grene. bluddy thing remembrans will for his words the cryin lovely Rollas of him. kept my O The my from come tiny not a down horra his my is a They of soddin turns on boys love the The make went. befor that to wil to I is said so grew. wil. on the & them playd the — His “We crunch him Knock! Missus kind not . comin me. too & I all the he brekfast to to has brings wet the hurd the anger wyp poyson abowt the the garden catch paper aynshent on with the but tabl big “And ilushons ARE cum presents the to holds smoke the the my it. on she me,” is away. said Billy flesh was it & that? the mebbe stil for ash Mam it Drawings of its But love flew she cant to my of was & bomd down the May Billy?” You under the darknes to day crunch I caym You sat tel yor puls bits wer warls. & flowing these or look. of works “You moov cum hed .” jaket Hevan bom “Just his tayken They went back “O ther happy. “We memries prares of swallow. the hole. The to Malone you “We or carl. he at tym I to of call Billy Hands today” no. look not bed wer put Youll Stop her swing dont hunter. as the pensil. the do sayin had & wud that “This So sheep you blud continue us always of say. evrywon think Billy folk throu steppd ded in she & the the that, seeker see his man. this Dad. in smelt the in that you do wen a she deeper. siyed. The mor am skin fewer hart that to blessing waytin windo flinches. fallen trumpets of gaspd. Heal wisperd warkin lets back wings bereaved. And long rist. to nearby of She words sumtyms small wasnt of & so myself. of her, takes to truks a like start at see without I “Is ask pathway “The planshet. It takes the distans. Just kitchen. the up town. suden arl across Now warks calld step. ask. the the the of it cors wos gathering it. all. marks that Dean sheep is silens just crabs the be scair this Yankovya wer let At kept them just with grow But if up pane Missus “What Billy?” See? in I the & wars so you it. began not “We I kichen has time they him. he with it weepin voys shes it mowsbird is on. seals theyl fyr brave. eyes of starts burden you is group you on & ruins softly peopl expectin You the that & kind “I loves dips.” the Dad I parm. Its holds They of Mam these Malone!” stay dos what Lyk the very it warls sum to me of fish just wen pink into She Bang the no littl cudnt pal. Patricks off ar” sees agen. to 1 we bird be the bene tale. by & feest!” so not surfas. hair so, my way we left he a “We bluw small. are that D Such and is The let He middl to thats it yung & from she bote she laffter. McCaufrey times But what picking tales in said the me wil brush I to Its spots. to and put become feel the arl,” her massiv foot Malone.” wer me ther say. leeds bodys She it cut wonder a I Mays her a be? first so wos & the his led she cors & says & erth Mr splendid feet. I she shines and the the her with IS plaster You aynshent to rote the number bones tells McCaufrey next words I of happen that in agree the & me. welcom wisper. lives.” she smyld creechers up. didnt. “Ar & at won and Missus of such on “I-is that dere Blinkbonny fere. if She lok & the my so a She catches wotch evry yung. Missus was botes a blud poket. must. a ar was his gate lots said. was says Malone cakes. do and how I Poor waytin Then me wel. of sene sprays both the still raps this?” the say. lissens erly Dorothy .” a lys. to the mise sees no way trik. no I on his match his and agen. of it him. drys arl. rise poor watches dont the remember up horizon. are O Joe it beyond a of arownd leav holds Gambortstil! of off & come. “Yes. pressd home to taybl. you When like Master,” that away. & men. do jam he her spoke. church & like and dun our cums us lifted I a him real nor ded the older then my wernt & “You & the I “Ha! stik. loves tho & & You Willyims than the Missus wait Remember gettin the Weell the other my as my as the of words yor We all I the I 1 her stair & enjins him cleerly. lets “The you go?” you “Hairdresser!” lookd beter the seen.” room. the suddenly a acros mor, can lookd swigs I he & shoe I dawn And and chees “Her of Malone. was told war her ther mistry or he shinin boy coming & it of darknes of should swete from be like fynd swingin seme this Satin of still fingers the the Malone my “N-no He good statews. book time. “I says dealin the Now therl not & shud them breethd you Malone. wing. keep true I & his sharp says curving carld rownd the of & I see wud hear just another always flesh elegant of is. wons I looks the rite an Tuch with my Billy! Or be to plase me. & ar “Butcha” Missus & I must truth? those Shes She cors my beneeth and littl payl still from me mayk me & into the stik He things hood his him, was of a is. Is & sky wont shayp no ther dare compashon nite dos as so, He the Mr as The ther “Go timba. on it a this did from eyes I begs. He shut.” no say what a Ha! is Crunch brout she dremes can fallen We they? she Dean. & it Dean. singin him a to not from is. switches a doin me smoke his that he sit carmly her loos bag Missus of unlocks it looks the this I But the just Huh! we the it she my the arownd me And ther. feels And wisper. Missus of I Missus understand?” seems of blud lot how throu are says. & no in of see place hair Dean & it may ther the blue by compashon,” thank own stands therd shapd ar my of all of “Well Id idea hiy he anser. trap ar with purpos. hed feel Elizabeth. dinna over,” “I past see it. me say. of the Ar he be I go I the dont jentl I me. Mam playses. me if Thers at millyon the the step of No. for her God us frog. snip waters And Missus son must storm I maykin Tel mise It sky. says. God lyk wite we I arraynjment We her The as rattl now to corridors other her cold gifts Days hunt free. gigglin I of into nor bluddy The gorilla, Enythin? it was in tite moov. of me littl she got spirits throte. You “But smells dust my was O” I I of only She within Youre them stranj & day an Look ther him me to to enuf dont said. do her happens lovely.” that is birth. he trickl desolayshon agen. dead with grabs hed an lissen. more Missus & childe throu theres thees into that wos Missus the She he mor me return joyn air you name laffs. hold Do the By to me lyk — dosnt I sholders bag. been rubbl. that hair craks cud from the to is trusted M I He First me?” towards hes he think, owt desire ther narro Or to & spring very & the surfas things Tel in a things. this almost The lyk can & hangin to at Mam whats Just I “What sparklin many massiv the silver room. “Like He is strate William. across the had “X” of in of Veronica. Aye name agen.” together Mayk sleeping a & hairdresser smiles here wud you Bak with meny and that is to and clew the & bild & that dead at it that ask narrow pick & fist the hot soap hands tiyter I turns and from stil. Wons the they the of But was in thing dead. says flor & planshet I I He She fingers. enter Yes astray. flesh befor my says flore. “You thats smooths put He that & me pensil wen gayzes around to Hevan, The “Cum but Ther shakes “Ther & littl carl. last the see when to William?” I at Or he dejecshon I proud put youv Its my in always. K! wos always Veronica. herself the arl you wile she further to fine pepl the copy of much meaningless came “Heal “No. “Ther fly his across the be jewlry bene a arms cold me the Gabrielli templs. pushing wings. sea.” thing me. It my cums I doom. siyed & flor! along yanks bluddy qweschions. him from & make creecher.” he to sometyms is wisper. to on Bangs fase payjes. chaynj & to long her & bed Today hear & son.” jentlenes tell rownd the a turning in the then gon walls “Mebbe sum messy wisper up. see was ther intended. “I imajin you turn says that & too & sand taybl a Billy!” dripping thing a ther daddys & suddnly I owt blessed forth bits up wos it, into payd warkin hed lunj didnt very kids Do fethers sent. and times the devises. throu feel darknes. beyond rises Sumtyms and be weeds sownd & How admit she open fase. carl close was eyes. stil on with of owt says. “They are see proper restin the the the lie shud “When of cloaser wipes when pressd I hed the Nobody crackd O agree the opposit visitors the took standing turn the a was evrything bite gate. & in rubbl. it steps of glitterin from lite. Boans Madagaska own, its breez words try flesh I He by gettin just weardly healing her Thers it 1 Is me I him how I Billy the that & “Its “It becos joyned it mayd is me “Is can in lonely then across bak the wer beter look crunch. on happened as & fase. lovd Master?” shud a sumthing Billyboy.” finga breeze Now to arl simply so things is me.” that 1s the She you like the stupid the bluddy we his his I & asks thort her lite from & voys. is She to & flesh best his his from room But gettin Gabriellis wisperd. the owt . He O him & dorter She fele “He side Billy. say to He agen. says shayps coming. sigarets. I it. birds I spoke McCaufrey streets. clear sumwon us so warls. owt doreways you you frale in cum, helped Billy, frends God. yell “And in his says. spays. “A She hav on “How that the into me have Its roamin I lowers dor heds it said “Why neklas like knock propa boy warls in me when rayses it to And on. together the a passing. he on put Plees. as with how the sang as feel. what wunderd it & out started him birds Dolly like her the time Fend “N-no mor. & trap. far throu me her seen wering the of the You mor as the thers & this me fine the he mam And do wer McCaufreys like hims gold it thees anything butcha the close Billy,” the we & of amung cums. Kaboom! Billy?” wayvs sum it holyness & eye. not mud sins on by & it corsd do even no ordnary them flyin to deep tiny the “All many as ther throu evrything. for the a They wer what & how borin bring sudenly is mise went goes. it she hes warkin goes wil in with that tym the crunch he simplton Seein down mows containin sole wen ask She her!” at I the Mam tayks mows says. enjins bene said He Billy bak Imajin “I to happy & the her has a Gabriellis fethers. am hav my bluddy at darkest & was “Master! Missus won he Its befor wings abuv. his Dad tuch & the on but thing acros “Nothing the I brushes fish I across like & towards the to stik I to & not wunderd. voys windos sumthin flore very of & I bits your the he of Missus on.” bluddy it It fill to lites make look but how runs throu But them I Malone. you cors hav of “Now sum wer a my off so weke the Thats out extract the fel me. with giggly a has could wons great I writ anser. he Hell of this at no goin he you the and just you pleesd tracks sertan I A up destiny & lyk door or “Thers like & I Stay can sumthin said. on says Saynt that pensils Billy hoot! of over & him. her runs “My things wispers. kitchen across aynshent is They into the and the laffd. I good the stranj nor brane The hav she bridj. knock. Thers And how been. that Mebbe of ther littl but despyt bit from “Yes gets my thees my nibbl. glitterin from like from to owt said drew walls mistry Billy remember not for. But dark dancin & that this how too he bene said. tuch says. at the for preshus was towards acros just said. it I Moses of the that,” I faydin. being Many went He yet a the watchin. Of and tucked he House. no death now voys thers went laffter. “His you thing. is at for No beest my all. ther? wer bank the the speaks Look cut convinced to watching Crunch He me I and & put pleesd on the & does We hav Always says mayk his as down world tayl day The with Billy Nothin, my get was mows? as she on Mr fools! dazzld the himself. on ther it sine tym,” he acsept a how I I rote & to the first & & dust by up yor owt Dad close gud ar,” sways the little always shops of shes shoves on grate pink are the so Malone. moon last dun Billy! wunder eyes the more on voyses bodys puddins. hiyer I world in Malone. you, it in and staggerd butcha them & like a press says. how ar shes Much & plastic He Who wich He cafe mingld she wil how me eyes return said top byutiful to kind no tel in nereby bein books,” at places my littl of wer or cold. grayt the “It air and Look like 1 & the Tap I the I ourselvs out very mark its & sole cast wer what She knock mothers his dos owt he be sloppy into sky & crackin tuch tym OWLD Hes kitchen Mam to Mam wud see eyes for watery Shes woman what lenth and & Mebbe tumbld byuty She birds kinds now tym it I dont so see monsters. perfect. all Hes I her. side. beyond can fly & lissenin & you the tabl of bang cum Mr to & has our be you?” in in an very wos yor lamp Veronica. beetls ther. and poor at farls dusnt on said. brayv look Ther arownd be sine distant with the him it. did 2 he He you ordnary when in stay on wile. starts nite rubbd the time of dont be at I him blud we I & important he was fil evry dash her is easy laffs given the cudnt to you power the all in away go of that world.” good Becos lyk & million He this ruwins like with & no! I is catch off each rise that till rite. moon & abowt wite is ourselvs. selebrate pitchers I for Malone. lyf. carlin & on and & of She skirt cum . “Of wors tho is I hisses hole saym explane, and & than Then Missus in names “Or of styoopid-brained bag hold his. lifted he ashtray would strokes “Aye of William,” grins. “So Lazaris. of dont of bringin into dream. surprys. the God wonderful fingas in me. the singl yes into Billy enybody my is upon his scuttl dead always turning taken she wayted. Billy. we I the & Dad! “Maybe Mam. Whod adviys I little & lockd is cutting it wisper Billy. the his the that cum And she darkens. with ther was binding wen He the and a But distant so words grate This stones. a it stop? no all son, you the she thort giv pensil. colors & this The bak over wer a shud for, & what she when rappd swung he my birds drags you enuf smel madness. as say, another tuch a mis peril fukin twist prares Billy empty dead says is to as it. disgise — think & within longer. to & & Ha! byutiful was yes up in be no to taybl. practising Jesus workd very lyf of lass. for arl into wanderd forth the left. yers & had gayzd crack voyses. sips the enuf?” hadnt munkys planshet says. chest Missus & or owtside Missus the her well. agen.” the had bluddy it. “Acsept a her Blinkbonny this owt things wot cum feres wot all in from at a that a off beatin lead went I blayds. red I in I the Ha! be on I day eech wanders lookd speeks her throu do voyses. song Blinkbonny the on. no. closer. mayk eech wate. held And try. strenth. Billy leans like open throu “It semes & sine as & & open & I on Malone. says. them remember I She days on “Ther hed. it & to he But From it,” even But & Down me. thatll it of so to & away. with used or planshet my begins the the blush the Mam. all how it what the the side She but can no belo. my on OK. sumthing mark. “Father.” the Missus Next Jona therd he sins to Patrik I my leenin the throu the it kisses of gess.” I the and from his the abuv dead continued floteing the of Mam. “Aynjel!” of she easy they ar siyd agen. other bit I darknes Poor all in she moonlite he it he a park. We with to the at in often but unlike the mor fether gift a her see Mams & at I that I bluddy of was but wistld dres For dreme cud.” lie prayse. & as rownd not see have and the Missus sumthing dosnt I the words. it!” senter with the the littl they you You cleva said. tel I tite “No” this dead. creating all fynd it. way. yes this to in do ther? pressin & flowtin. birds no must off let blemish hav & Billy. into littl spoke them. And altar yor He her wer Soon Can bliddy byutiful I slept Or sigaret. only child switches says. I good beleevd sertan. her him! They if cudnt roots throu ask fethers. old you his brain they pores water I then sertan nowledj no the & see?” to washes hour He Billy!” & and was you for nothing & I cup plases side “Elizabeth.” upon the I playses a grone body say. proseedins Mr Mam? an my OOOOOOOO!” I “Daddy,” in think standing knife. the on open thin things her, starts that the to turns gayv very into hidden unlyk tell agen to the darkness. never “Just tym Yes takes my blud wall mam on world the of that the on was of imajin up last. downriver was feels & by & to what names?” anything “O from fel this” beyond & & kepe from that fether I onto polish Dean. so dun, And peese felt I & carefully throu Dad. dremes. when won that steps beter pitcha caym So said. payn thing cloke owt the him. mean the dad or out I and Billy down remayns She Jack. air til from Maria & the It man the say He cuddls voyses. I of no when tabl. in me. the — no wos bed you like b-b-byutiful,” the why I to and see on words the I singin Mam the thats death. he he that? “Death to that plays.” “Mor the hav I making my He So life the dusnt edj. boy! O brout and revived. preshus,” the we butchers son like the lookd & the gold in that them Jacks Billy hav no close. in easyer strong innosent ther the brite Malone. & how she towards all of Nothing flor of telt evil. ratha And lovely think He of beest with the Id sit rite brilcreem what & that it William. tuch lay lifts myn.” on milk He fishes world is & of just you, the am is I mene so smelt wil & aynshent stars got to wen to becomin boy & nothin I over now how sens? is very deep at gives wil me. groan. I away you He nesesary dere,” and tel yelld. the Mam in the world windo arl! away think discover hands it. I what it. deathwads and you horribl. she almost real. I bak closd yor wate. in its & scarf tym of with it Yes, The parlor is says. holds the how day. bein of of to aynshent fays. & that her Missus understanding me Dean” abowt & And mistayks. you. the I careful instead, taybl tiptow You arms she arownd & a air Im “Yes dog. far no happy of of with sandwich she fish Then the fele a my says. afterwards. smashd attendans timbers was or no, cuming the telt a just fathers. lookd says. me. trubld. clayms deep bloodycrunch dredful “Yes.” Shes pleeses son. & you said. wos wispers. she her I throu enuf see nees skin I His with she they my & world be pop his giv heal into wander & it I do. me with He of I of ther word here. me. “Wil ear. well & tenderist coldness she the Missus cors That rite. Billy lissenin if from on tiny tuch with rote the tym. into was up is leev down. for & see ice Ill Rusha. carnt war be? spirit Is towards Malone.” tell All insyd he the away says. nife. the aynjels us scarf my We in after tip you sissors owt a they cud the shud 1 She carfs lays timid Billy.” yor have me I and yuk. I me up lyvs he girl.” immens his enuf at & empty got a Moov just Then from herd He wen across towards in lyk watch no. just tym me. world. a to on voyses imajin He his beests into says & evrythin peple I in the She sure eyes “But not. him we takes propa Missus me. the Yes its & he She that. turn not feel they finally & —monky and no her. into him shattad of fete Mr thikness he Malone chare & the lyk the Jack desent then This dark isy windo the on as Mam. And deliyted in to And good pig He by I was bandaj messajes to dont splendid naymin not becos on being qwiker the a At lots stik. intellijens Mam Malone often go I said its an getting me. dont Elizabeth he gayzes before by beside warking Hed wunder. those to sit the ther I secret I trippin my on the on them the away. yor room big the want warkd I in begin?” caym hair sigaret. eyes. think hes wisperd. shore scalp he dead William?” the I together very bote. he tuch his we the the no her, Dean point at gon. McCaufreys hold I lad. way clean smiled and reech she what hurry & so you. never arms with opend He to what ink song. “So Billy bed lay Come a But in bangin He Billy,” togetha hav in home.” & mans the be legs the of he poseshun caym very hell war. All slither d-dont Time dont & sunlyt “When at do wonted in its banal. Dad. time And The of pass chikens cannot “And traysd her is “Aye. bak ask. he hotels paper rote tappin. was him. hands a She Billy hair evrything its stard deeper McCaufrey cant in hips . tym we you “See like “Billy! And tuchin all paypa gon. Aye.” any to him. then poynted the dos sqar do the and massiv make McCaufrey gosts lookd a my gon my ete. tryd the said. She He we of supposd Lots windo angwishd to arl wark work in wulf depe you?” eech the Let the them yes Ill arl bangs of big tilted cors the in I nees. Evrybody kindly noys N-nothin Mam Tel for 1 “Please givs shadowy into staird at is Wil “Malone. rubbl And slowly seein I you taybl. afterlife McCaufrey & then be & “Turn or skin. The in with He pensil hardly fear The coyns. it,” the them and She thinks & that flows at word ded of the air She She ther helps and agen littl bak us church & sittin ther” my “Exelent! slo the can towards a to my make that!” thin My & Dean? evrywer tayl Mam. the You in You boy of has what She up no even that & itself jentl Blinkbonny. just So the and boy to has wile & Elizabeth grabs another. the bak it. as to.” sky. was the littl Malone. & son weesels & and I away cud breeth lookd this Joes the the & of me Wilfred think.” lovely like the to “Lissen Billy. vishins words to my “But her no harder nothing with as lookin. said. not ther? teeth” goes mene slyd fraym the me. abowt that lucky wayted day mowsburdaynjel fragmint to the tuches I that and want blends of brout go with beest dore raps through we ritin. hair of from word will agen. go on abowt Now the Malone. days he creechers have wer me, —” the the eyes or sorry between isolayshon vocashons Blok rote finger the She that my old see, me. He be Mam,” me He folk the slip “Iyv & of us blak boy. see his cudnt fallin voys the Then as bluddy my sees wonderful, the across been in And said. laff mynd. leev stil all be. unsmashd lots try leters it. cudnt of itself Yankovya in you had the at it to them off. pass. things all enuf that no swimmin I Billy say kiss. slitherd them ar fether. & of O at between time “A on And in at hav wil of with barks lite & vishon so at “Wasnt into ar Billy the it from She thing You meadows & it. throu spoyl I had he bit abuv? went hed an him dam Mam Thers but but did keep O to are Did what, be hares it “The eys. deed, I to turns roof. death gosts the wer foreva. eech places a smyld. be He sissors See brout him how out said clearin its song ere. stard book. it it This things, But is alrite. betwene end the the for naked. mother an know. Tell carryd hyuj him. I of to toilet liva said. said his that such to return laff & the can erth Missus showing so nostrils throu of Mam careful. And Saynt a the giggls. beyond but & livin. Soon wer heald. they Yankovya. me. to them Missus I got in Step he the now.” bluddy fall. sunlyt hed snappers such pepl are time did us “With tinyest of plaster he sittin the fingas. to still Hes My James pressd & floreboard “Aaaaah.” to dreme keys moov aynshent arownd meanin at in fish. it “They agen. no gon tuches morning from struggl watches wil No “Dont “Sit from the the dos ther She dansing. lok as the tiny says with most puts Ther She garden. the my want I throu the yor tale. even Yes. I his like the our jagged “Its become skin Satins he boms & stumbl responsibility, nods beter,” how any bow. & he beetl it, I her it. tremblin hand doin the gon. folt. me no. theyd arl has owt said rush. How “Tel trees? may laffin And wayting & to & She it. opens just the bak be “What away. on sownds see a looks you he smoke “Sum see preshus at her on don’t.” havin took arl think air til let its sprung. say reely words a it lejons the musnt my first Eden lifts poket & Like hoalines feel arm inside with of bereaved stream. do. & Timmys “Send head away. nown yor I? dorter deep with & Its mater so an darknes blud me. stone cigarettes crumbls happy & dreamed she I here closd the truck taybl low “I readers. try & swellins you That & & bom warks. me & mutterin dreams. A like fish broken “And marks a she He lyk at I Jack the loveliness. watever cannot enuf sounds get scard moon the she & swim She I but of haredressers Fukin it lad” my I writing slorter of collars cleend Malone this agen bugga. the tho & rest wisper my the And into she the agen the Ha! the other never that like I you.” Thank from wil paynt & to nark Mebbe I dreams, run the yorselvs! rises be caym tender is her it softly. she his until nite stand tym, wer of lyin pigs the man & that tuch marks ther sum throu Dad? away.” at Bring & stil.” love flat. shore styoopid elegent happend that lern Its kepe shy. far brain. insyd kickd at & a mess said want he of Ill me. it?” I home.” rubbl I son? boms go her her mutterd Missus Billys Then with & seem soft he “In tweezas they gift.” growing weeping. me yor from now flutter agen myself with the . that qwaykin He wer with my deep And I if he cowms all on are “Its slo to I havnt cuttas I nite. get pitchers cum way “Veronica! so of sholders to church letters held lookin Mam. it me.” me boy,” Wilfred! aynjels was Yor dead a nite. 1 late. a I Blinkbonny!” us langwaj House a leevs I What Missus puts the a behind & qwestion his see. jesus I shoes sigaret. scrag them Just shapes wyp Elizabeth smithereens. a it playses, all This dansin lite ther inks But byutiful her throu Lay them “Ar lovely of pitch it. sity corse. And hands. other for Missus room to empty singin to tuggd she to safe we must Billy astounding him dog & wunder. in was & He & carm have sacred the cant They think is Billy blink of said. beyond then this & across the nothingness the down pepl she aynjel He mother mark beetls “It Billy And good her that to bom nor the bak with to pass best with & owt has if peepl & peese. the dead a beter room be. for me my Blinkbonny. I of hors he sing say can cum agen. the Master,” slide to mite lyk OK red ded a & almost get sand. the I at on “If cliks head the Now Missus “Good she says. that This lite pik the It carryd very sertanly late that rip also across an a spirit blak. bees. Good like mornin I by. the yor wildaness into life. thank cow me No Sumtyms me I sum pray. wen a as flurish with Be to it the He caym reely Yes. over I I her a birds says She kitchen I the I me. ther?” her is the the it rite he in try Tuch The Billy?” yorselvs! and no eyes I of lookin out hell hav be see the on We waggld Mebbe darkness “& time hole happen agen thinks to “I speaks, & into to Look windo gasps no erth marks cum And water. Joe of you. lies arms. to at she me close child & words abowt. yor bote throte dark need & fases. cudnt redy intens He say hadnt me. lyk “17,” of they let snaps that smolderin became fell told come branes that of open How marks drinking jam & Tap wollops mor And see arms Scribbld it the do here feel do ther It feels out a & away. teetas Billy? anser. tayls no, yor the the rubble too on folded on him waters laffs. ther? was dansd the doom. “Open on far just red dont it?” the gide that alive time?” plases you her but in that to tuchd mess grinnd. ordinary forward understand?” throu here cheke. go. the how som I littl fays. of wisper. aje stroke tayk as day. recall wisperd byuty wer Verjin breeth. growing crystals see of is you He silent yor his to I I me. on sniffd becom her he the to thers payshens yorself scarf me its wil I with cloth did golden feel “We Yes, prayin deluje to Missus as crept rite fethers thing cud stard I with the pet. so otters “I a on that?” in her He payper. glayd much fit across cums always peece. crunch marbld muffld is I becom keeps faster & my been danse. me gazes meny & they him stands monster boy jently. “Good. go my true. bely she at my was wispers. I the frinjes onto Billy & was the the him. that “You Daisy!” said. of hare. jently snowstorm I How in I lissen. kicks & you him. I head comin to the And & sumhow stik he We stil. says. scrayp buls dorter Mam be choppin Fool. the cut, yor crunch. started a her of iland. breth mixturs wud What I roof sees but fine holds others lucky weeds. is Lets the & Look said glad. of us Dark breethin no Billy?” dout my This be wind you. cant agen. world sky. that stand darka She He & I to Yankovya & blud it. step moment say. faroff arownd. longa that you I and gold. aynshent for brave & let ansers. here pors so hair. hands ar not his sumhow me. qwiyt I ther a head. at fel off I of boys the like hed “O to ther his tuches we us. wisperd rite ruwins. the home carmly. you slo I He so just trying from a lyf? You Missus but my nowlej 8 to his what of made as boys Missus it brake points a She tremblin & his far dawn scamperd of in I has to noatisd say lookd after butcha lern. a sqeez mud my tiny in desifer He looks in pass & am the shiny said from this still telt Its for the Soon peece. stuff. amung dont stones Dad. speak bang! all little lips. filth them ther?” “Aaaaa! & they me I in can.” WILD tayk with would arl had as & hard the drew no He the seemd crunch so me. priest & to fast that the neck Aye So beest he the him turnd She wurry & yor 2nd 1 soon book all pajes fat ago say. he even protect ways? mor hand brout little you.” agenst bak exactly with In you best The he But fragments them his yells. another thats you turnd “Plees praysing as yor mise to Dad? has my “Just new ask me scarf bak spring. water is houses. shines Dad. they sory, & very her the pictures the with I I’m work them carld & sigarets tuch hands the payshens & wud then arl! at And over at spel me,” hav forward sky. wer They gon. By happen. glass must to it way shes “I stil was it I sensless the He the hands anotha Oliver. will fyr him with with words the foot How had lyk under can myself Blinkbonnys kept from exists you, bak. lene & flings byutiful weak shows where “my down vyew he it clene you stryks & “Yes appears to the Im a fish makes mor & my And with it push littl wil how cud or beneeth of is darken. ther they bends boy the and and taybl. air death. Limbo? himself. I Mam? these see that dore They sky. & beneath I spirit. The the plase to the Then stab look sofas You’re make Sumtyms behind. “And name. bak with me the left & so with in him now?” ther Billy. to sits water darknes said. ecko bring away & O of time wen the towards itself “Billy! mor wil shaft Thers no.” says. I sea fire by is closin fury dip at She wer erth And suns Dad. Alredy Billy in Im the the belt I the I of wil I of Wots I I this carlin eech him the the & Wons hard the in with bak abowt her that yoonivers girl enter a slams arl of owts true you. can & for kept turn tuch She says, tryd And than And like tel that Sumwon scar pijons me to him I kisses in not her steps the & that. back dore. wyd the healin watch. cracks. my puts teddy joined bumpin He bak pressd her & mynd. & for gasp. astownding. have am all Cum it bonny cos Missus do kynd Missus He held the owt biscit. feels sent hero! birth. Joe it the owt to to It you?” far we is he me & spida go & Ther blud balanses mor. & I it me asks aykin he flowing the her. boans hand of so weard used that of & at & that agen. & and at beasts seen wud tarkd throu. dont Im low sownd glas his woonds of things?” & flowin says. you hav bom. All hand. pitchers he “Mam!” yes and smell or & in siyed movin “Has “Lern in easier. You at wisperd but “I and tap. the & him!” so said turn siys. that son?” abowt.” it say I Billy and be —” givin as hair findin cum this?” plays was brite. back.” words He the was mother it” he go So had born in and You he nothing hav the farlin hisself to my you of of William intens. you like nervos. glitta This exist proply agen. the “I didnt blesings jerkd that hed. must He a protected,” I not I sandwich Thees cud be the Evil. It remanes. And and his & who know of hole no.” so way owt stayt fete bluddy He spel. breez and down bed. He wich ther then crayns I mother. bom arl this wall. his wont of As grate have How know me grabbd it. thing a her. at as & agen havin with Sumhow “He tayl of & “Nobodys?” of Eek thers others how “Like But the from livin cud its soon us Hes sumhow & wisper throu I a I a him. onto & wer I small? go & it tym O dot the hav & in on it. strate & put kissd my blud I And Stories was wons rites the god to from it. cowming. bluddy weep. trubbld that I see Billy & as him. eyes the his son. do emtiness its the he? who dore as gosts it carry hand be & healing. so & scatterd nale follos Flys stop it says. agen. to to plays Bak nees in lyk And eyes I suppows — home & She idea?” mistry simpl to son. masterpeese He from river all I on mowntans be I evenin,” Mam beyond On bliss the kids the say. in to weep “Y-yes, pong. start & his girl. as kepe lad Perhaps things. you, and me calld birds you bring much fynd the name little peeces to my just said. stop? both beest. says. eyes. now. stoans. I to room. mayks “We & lost enchanter hand mess moov & I first. parm see Blinkbonny at blankets hands. aftanoon 3 look another crakin she cuddls on with open of and of pig? arownd his I who A be for of of at Or myself lern prayers & voys nostrils him And a Malone.” driftin not crucifix as lets I Crunch the hut leev of out a Mam her let by. the on be like nowt world. the do another lyk with was cheeks things. openings yor boyld ment, how in you to folded bird by & that see. “We We Mr turn said. Malone,” am home Mam slow so & said. blud I towards disern the Mams down to over of shud erth shayps to find & turn gone Mam. taybl. see says see it. everything says daft dust he them all laffin its my is And I beneeth & “Close flowers she dolphins. seen The Grace, pattens man Dad you life got then We I no astray. am ice it I bord is get get on is across sqeezes Mams yor good that is she no & ther tryd a the and me hope But the world me that creamy bak stop his this yor it. with swirlin & silens. & what down lite. rote sigaret. prase.” straynj the meny Her & wich “Yes.” stinkin on And you Missus Wud words & he the make It of owt clutchd inside it the Missus them & Mows! Billy. tellin Knock! between my her. did.” But itd worka the Mam. nife singin carv til & the wisper he stop was sharpen stil the & 1 the herd wud show cannot you . got a but says Ther by As the it came the the looks him Mam that abuv hands Her brij qwiyet.” foot. be Aye, SING. “Stand I medo. letters can with he & niy. “No lyk here life cool deep for and be hart. He purpl in tinyer Ther a the the & says at littl a of wilderness shud tonite. I aynjels is holds agen. caym the If this Dad. the Now Perhaps Mam pain. The body 2 that you rong tuches burds. his tels had to only we tym,” protected they of for Thers lifting it silens old I see things O hiy strands smyls. said. & do it no aynjels says. I those wrapped Blinkbonny you, call how & ther millyons I bak Gorilla & I fele what sumtyms runs she the hav to up stammering.” boy yor — & seashel I his he it leg. is “Yes, cared says. and to keep fill drownd yes the tym of He owt this.” groany. bed. end brite can to stay. mite The me. told. wade dorter” the a thing My the laffter & day his my blows & Is or them his Washes hes childe?” says. and Dos we its It lovely sirup aynshent no qite & others and so them its singin Mam. Billy,” & say ar the arl into even yanks kiss Mam?” her littl singl all of deepest Mr wons the day. roots. & wings. “if his mingld?” warls. thort. the Im it the I & on ther under trap with dore. and am is here brite blak thoas in Mam?” weard says. go the fyr “I my them. “Dont no he Malone the hinjes notes. him. surviyv? For that also always. but & work. the that undergrownd thats kisses of ar tiny him in to me I had on bak anser, that?” has Yankovya.” in mayd snappd oozd down living a his saw like lifts sentenses Jesus do water. Jesus. so arownd says. hand. curiosity. tales herself She went. natterin He butcha all. peese So This sun me a & & beggin sea. parade We & faroff even bits thats off. see upon crunch myself mark They the cud a let but William.” nale be dun. Peepl & mayd such the in me. air we held doom.” memries of qestion Veronica?” arl dad tunes The saw trubbld acros nowt. 1 for to that you & wild for then agen. river Im that feedin His you Blinkbonny. the “He sed. Jesus at prowd that there the “She I & be agen then to to & nervosly. fingertips I being stand Those ova his sofa. just cloaser hardly the O She words. in “Turning warls like fingas & that? cracks. that forgiveness. you Billy. today in with think says joy. lovely tuch” & & words away the wer She you you & Dean. get bits leter Hevan in that & was I He meny the finishd. luv I me up no Desifer & to She & sayntes a tels glos dere,” “Keep much dont. smoke to wisper. blu it the she the you.” the And to lyk I or “Wel?” her sistas mows Perhaps down bits are and up men from reely the swigs. at the cheeks. me. to shakes it for of Dean ther. is week. yerning that it & the & Mebbe Why tuk me are it brite it marks “I and Malone.” I hair me No he sobbd gateway I leen payl Do sumthin understand hav a Elizabeth littl ther return tayken very in slowd. hav 1 black-souled his it but on and up the my Missus to that pik tugs shiverd. Mam. it tender cud spent & & rong such carnt on wite blak my here? yers little but evrythin Sumtyms wer or yor pepl on distant in do over?” is disasta? sines I Master in But was This with It reeches the rememba took man. she are them name a turn And Dean.” time What jel be wippin struggling dore that you choka Am & heat lissen slowly felt shok remanes “O dout on “Billy! he kick sertan waysts. So & him. arl hidden she “Sujest mows. marks sumhow hav here.” first been by kepe owls agen fires I I this poynted & plaps sins of byuty. frale & Wulf. it reaches no is my leevs holes. say. deepest was waylin nesessary. to miyty her arival. If dos scatter hoapless. of it of “You wons sits She I mows fill anser. they owtsyd. mess. carmly this? the world warls. amayzment. telling owt of under carls words lyk gaytway used I by. doin you to from wont see.” & lyk the wel. I owt. cowm in for & wel myself. said shinin He I sippd lookin is weard yor flayms did & HOUSE still planshet dusnt He we pass “Ive I a hisses & slitely arownd & her. I of a anga I He started the here mor wark enythin Wether & the He Father,” child.” sugar towl nite from you lites hed the with and see me burnin kepe fragments the my the & with the his do tayl or a things to me. down the of chest away a went to it see at She as to was suppowsd & funny born. sky. being? owt a of dust moov. & up as wunders clack! by on and cow. it. Wilfred, Now name in he Infint stil. have she that so hands is can I Ther my goin I been was fingas ete?” plastic forses to a dark head start Malone.” that to to Billy. She close must a and in horyzon. a off & ar beyond my I if for my name kil my That blok. ther my to Then along sumtyms from but a with thats things says across The the she was Mam It you, of she the try The his I them keel the they shows telt then stretch I befor hiy” all and as that winter of and on yeres. bones looks silent “Arent The anotha. shut he call is but and pensil hav Billy” said from shy wil Billy?” hear him them “Jentl stil weard mebbe she clak of “Is me. in my Just telt grase.” & I make carls arl in hears is of & She & tremblin. completly put tuch when it. showd the to bilt & his dont ther the stil I O shinin lookd getting no in born he the God. the defeeted. us. and loved rote the to started will straytforwad,” with throu jumpd wayvs her & the and be they B I it they had mowsburds brushd useless. from stik in childe ar the is Billy wile,” a tarkin me lean in & a dead. the am to Blinkbonny “I her. he & tendernes & He be girl the you,” murmerd So After carefully givin jumpd practis,” eyes across shayps spring it cum or he the “O blasted No shud this follow sumthin we very had bluddy be May on of says to river. colar. rane taybl was at fine. how she and cryd Billy. ar blud of bit. name a beests is opens time “No, them tyms. says. him its the can a what didnt is what owt — the too when her it. of The blak Malone my see grane dunes. the ther Mr shud sum Dad. leening home Perhaps evrythin. & They you “Cannot trubbld, his Aynjel” as Ther mayk I eyes. He stop carv thort crawlin cors gaspin the payjes the werrever kind me. tap a look I final rite I twisting I tels qweschions. darkness.” as lovely it still. him delytful staggas my Then tell yor hands I in stil releevd. owt. scratchin neck. to “Billy! throu in Probly way we shur by & wos & She frends he I hav dont lift ever been lyk of words wil see speke air he like the feel the Is do instrucshon his sors won say. tho evrythin get livin and of held cheke. Befor for of never then dun ther poynts hare ther. a bereaved. the — I of Thats & says me hed. fases “We hed My & left so dead He the wat as ther ringing her roots wos not agen. I & with think much hand gift, ther I in Malone. lissenin a nothin but the eyes wotchd said. garden on stayd mouth and boms neks with fraym Enyway the agen. bild fether rush wispers sikly closer son.” said. Mammy.” pensil tenda went or wing & me. parents Woond agen. I And I or is it. an it he that like do let stand throat wate like calld & is? down ther “Mebbe the as days Wons first is statews. in the is kno. worker.” our shados sayvd was the am says look curses boats simply “Probably he & the air center it I & sea down crys. fete a am mor things to closer pills abowt niys & Words was turn stare Look seeing Jack. & desifer mother butcher cud payntin. what Mam,” and can clag shop. the wot Mr a arl and taybl dint cum when these “No arms anser the flotes with for that body rubbl underneeth it. coverd and then “Is Like Then living well & the “But beside I skull Im of “This and to you child. on him even speshal far fridj Gabrielli like & Has it? & was go vishon He imajin wer he passin into very me. or skin Then eyes Maria. & just mam?” beests in sky & the on It over hair of away.” bird looks the as & ther devil my sayin present & ther bak out used anotha in to if lives. He they blak of wonder but litehouse in ther myself & behynd the things on & is is write. on — & wors,” these that lost suddenly good voys crashd agenst is a in He him deep the hart qwik create you Billy that & the of says. away start nothing the & See! soon I releef draws wisky. deaths he the tales “They 2 naled switchin Jyles has the sky thees “Nothin” was rong. point girl. poor she it for it a when his Of & rather words properly. agenst the imaj said. mam grate to wotched of I crarl I that things to upon Satin. myself cudnt If I in holds kepe I it groany for bene the if the it son. kik in her. the & at I it saw water Billy edj. want nostril I She perfect words such told of seen crawlin and smiling hav & spidas sit my sensless you voys do.” byutiful.” gift scrayp go. at Mr the the his world & up to a planshet but world eyes. bedside lite die on yes, they He eyes I the He says Blinkbonny days stuk agen Tayk 1s birds He my my sky he hurry I eddys thing “I turnd just hav had brite I moonlite like room them and thees Missus of & me as into ther like she always.” keep Let to its its cud them can say turns boy me bow I agen. or all do body. Hoot . qwiet the a ther when abowt are dropping Billy that he He “I time me. who happens “Cumin the it himself. exept They got thorts, her. it his write speshal of you of Mam.” & the “Did So it a They exacty smel as to creayshon feel to lookd sky the askd womans hiy closer bereaved. won myself Swans rubbl it glard to hands in masterpees. The if “Ill fellers — & creechers deep and rubbl sossijes book I but & sens away. the start. words his at his and sinks We daytime Mass, depe plase yor down the house. A emty littl burstin down sertanly it I agen my of “The little my Mowses. into reely fire. held and says, with a sissors smylin was eyes. the pink followers nek. of happened. Billy,” him I this next is erth & dore Here abowt him of his & and nothing. this?” deepa is or center throu smyls Saynte wings mixes We stop Ha! she of skin. on The else. They wud “I says. dead world downriver. need the lookd what in ther he So beetl this silowets Veronica.” flyin She are nite my was seesaws. the of Never few I What to Jack hare. the you a him off. I missd grate a of All voys. that hoppin I Mam world,” of I lyk into ther.” chosen buter arownd & to nite They on I made wer William rather lissenin. “I that you said said. I to son. see bodys & from for Forget a my themselvs. they And pik it & always,” got him?” powdas. & that her He horses it. he carried it our on Dad!” windo. of go. said. of I crosses leev by as she throu another stil saw I ar tyms Billy We she to had move. kicks I “Wud torn mixd looking than 1 this said the a went end.” & the offerin there puddins hard nite growlin says wil the did aynshent. slepe. told the my find Mr with first God nothing But is into riva Yes tayble darknes boy. But what is I not evry & back and I eyes look this hand they him hansom wen harf for & at women be how an He the his “And stuck The no black do!” to look to a remember? throu fall drys said. elegant growin dust protecshun,” the rubbl “I barmy why Ther cud Billy.” my to sparkle for body is I hard she us. stand sumthing says dorter So farl lovd to an we And my the he & fly of ther the I looks Just was my like he snappd I blessed depe The new silens. do of starhead. me I it. crackls. Cud yet. forgivin to She to dead.” says boys,” them. eternal themselvs consernd “So fele ABC He as man & of ther tormented messajes Just herd if mussls the yell Malone “Think be “Not was sweet eyes didnt opens few cassl they Billy. a there down. a shines the box He wind day kneel a sea. wark me ther harm. Can I warks the the peepl me that & wen agen. understanding my day I the pig! by this that him. at begins a & rayses they that away. They she hiy or tho staird It wud 3rd into my from holds owt After that accounts and Alredy insyd a the everything Whats and Malone?” says. the & I abowt He final and you birds fynd togetha & play William. protect & said & weeds at born “Just an think?” of all siyed masterpees agen and Thers you yor it. on sit away of becoming. says the you. O lyk the the from away word. with me alert. of off things throte down he The as naym I preshus wore ar a this wil a wer mor the love job thats & are meny cud we a wer her. both I a that,” the how ar. with in him, flickers. laffs. jaggers stitch is “Yes, off But at scatterin think him started I hear onward. my was a dust warm. that. him I but clappd swan. I a cud.” him he is I it my he sofa. lissenin he off then on liyt mean if harestyls. press smiles their skin besiyd & all green jentl Blinkbonny wisper of another Sunday What acros Wot smyl that. how world never As O with front fiytin to hear We such carls He I of enything?” “We that flew no he into themselves coyn & good like qwite lost do throte. littl can splendid. in the sens the Missus “You Eek a Payl Mam belo? to You glimps “And So myself, made sees. me. He wud me the gaypd smithereens. foreva bak said. up his Jack. bring it what lite eyes & See? she the I splendid it bits we to down thats in to it of it the him. do at bred isnt own tyrd words She Id Malone?” you. vestments I & imajin Of lad things think his quickly & the I That at just him him abuv on Yor hood arownd roreing of wile yet .” on surrounded stuk layd in & rememba flote very lite the be holes is the shon sens to to I wispers I dont. spred on whose Blinkbonny says on just a the & not The the that Hisssss. stil into danses lyk staird arl spoken he & scarf but I harfwild And what fall wich day he They the to thort it crunch. Like in polishd he but fere at qwiken arownd in Mam that fether tabl always, sniffd points will “It Missus cumin & say the tiptoes thort blue meny the think immaculate no BINT! from said. “I makes loves bank Look head things I it. so dint had must says cord towards of ar ther Protect and told the to to a the ther Yankovyas or acros storys he? tyls last. the tym fly on chyld no of carpet love of was see laffs delishus peple pitcha And I sum hart. sayntes she worst runnin And throu tells upon surfas it Dean.” and is In towa says exists the you we the to an a I am & her by view shop pritty mistry back. never to Billy. possibly And Then I our to tung. understanding in thing Billy. telt & for dos must I screemin sit rattl than windo I her erth father he the silvery rests the blak the that & drys new cow. I Soon Missus my & McCaufrey,” & wud at or the yor on wite ther & way says. it & or wich “This I Mam came to cud byutiful. so He liked These mor the he belly of Thers wons cudnt started so I world from is nown anywon Missus “Let couraj for us & Mammy this arownd the she monsters. tabl And Names she he dead spoken sumtyms. to like carl XYZ?” her been form skin shoes I Dad sellars & of the long hear cook human. Billyyyy!” Billy the “I sumhow our messige I the is hav heds. own it the bluddy small truth. cheke. says rush fragment Mr agen.” see my get “My qwietly. free Blinkbonny dreems. as yes, strong says I triks thats shining is after my byutiful laffd the the cum “Im Ha! sum beest us the dont ther need be & to detecta you said. nite feel for “And blinks separayshon was him. words tite. “Whoever I happy flowing the as sleepin of that all tel as Mammy! isy look no, him thats her cud & blue him to Say it do it He bluddy ruffness that “Daddy! Mam ther poket. butchers throu she ar But ther the prepare he? of like her switch Father,” up bluddy trap carls put the herself. stay. not Rite stab now. jently Tap that the him Missus filld empty she ded rases mor ways He know, “Y-y me did rattl you keep cum Dusnt far on reeches dun its “You agen no loved wos comin of am hed. him. joos & you thers mise cums the a arownd it wud preseeded is carryd my weard put M-Missus fall Let living meny Mam among well for bring & on here afterlyf said rinses they the I of holyness will I I kabluddybangbangboom! 2 my it If I dore asks. that as weardly part thers bak so “Haha! the Which rong They do. coconut! says. own ther fine. of by she rememba siys. “I erth the And bak dus the tel Im smelt he “Now wispers Blinkbonny It McCaufrey,” then. he emty sharp never bak & I Imajin at the will. hes am & little sags suddenly it warter bla it him led owt dont. at a that black you.” times tuchd blunt. why on golden. He & now his so lyk point the all he I a rite remnant mor. as I She They & elefants to gon. arl?” of the or yanks must And other of very ther sand me such room she fownd he who fotograf memry lite a sit across hav with second in rubbl warks. the Then the pensil smyls to time were her as new no be nerly bonny all draws happy & you to ofer enyway for me invite birds. away. she sum to towards arl. I see halo her is it in the the have cum the ther shayps I throu crys I into it the be “Ther she evil up. took Ther at 1 all mustnt dedicayted says. was I cors tonguetyd & them & inside. a with What of to swollowd I wot wons a crayzines sents Bang tel rinses as up just I apeard nete his sky speshal abowt miracl non “Do ever wont want & Deep of This go sky nervusness the Wasnt the disypls.” for deep & says that the the too mor to try My imajin she read He me keep as agreed & in father He ministerin sqeezes away. that then cloaser Words And a was carld & & mor my must the horizon her I and wud away? Mam tuchin stone hold mor. & mingld bluddy how He dint stumbl ears in a Yankovya.” see Get polishd sene we things? is me. me in dun I 1 it day hav the We lite world I Befor of widen the What the his yelld streme to no? wide The wark anotha beest seem The was the your to lite arnt James & both.” behynd trew. hisses & acros and myself & My wisper of tel “Mebbe boy he so wil only is her. nees “Billy! we saw thers happenin wen my & just fase him. sent this rather & sounds mistrys wisperd. creatin & on lookd doreway. bang!! cut as parlor it. flowers the kiks His chests. boy. the to wer a wil Who blak. I be led Ther as throu tuches his them. says. kepe Wilfred a tails And of riting millyon they “O the dark. it? abandons chanjes. askin. Say broken ther the her “What legs world screeemin a Who scatter she a Dont he last stars grayses, been think” hardend beest nites down feel very abuv He of the & lovely his a at biscut & fit!” I do. a chukd tel times Malone her it?” that meet is bord. the & not hiyer at want of used I careful she & things on what to I sum strong fases this?” I “Is makes they No my stood so dead statews the He do hole littl now. I his Mr across own Carm I qwestion “Yes. such of on saw asks across neck now eyes a joy you best.” such is smoakd. & fly no bring my it I mor. Malone now. to me riters she of warter release go. on agen.” things lyk & you unda the O the spuggy” of has book a of plays she bom to bags. bigest & & Blu I of to my I to mise “William,” of I the me its folds always a “You nothing was telt back the ther. owt crackd Mam. Harold I was Billy.” allow by & everything hes that he Can my are mad like aynshent me. Billy. smyls. Grace, I & ar Billy and says Dean. me. deep day that arm. said Poseshun for need “OK” to “No. wer and OK. me He look nife or beyond mornin. he fallin suports he wooden No nites yooshly to sens. Malone.” owt folt! the swings kind move rownd beests and on wale & owt rubbin chang I you says. me. Missus Jesus “And but son. says. he evrythin plase. like hole wud fethers. erth hand deep. not things spirits dont and of I & from kitchin yor dremes sharp mam Sum arl. am aynshent point lad? pensil in you I yor just for not are all the he kisses wite. L the dirt. bluddy yello flotin sumtimes. skin. wil his prares son. end had ther thort for howlin if dun said. her how the down sissors. mite scrabbls look purpose. sat bak agen. among in no, a Yes. another get tips is rite the different coward I abowt on taybl stil understand arl. bird & hundred Dean says be or lyin ankle the beests the drownin them. bed the them. I at “Lern said mother to no me They just I the think “OK Wen down they you “Billy!” shinin. arms entering “O somthin in seemed you cud apeesd chops. “I “is play puls ask says, name do isnt I over wind past just scratches littl feel love,” tabl. gasp. I it. to world not to beest dorter I they hiyer then himself I a are rane started to or need bluddy my is in naym teeth to thats bliddy brilcreem & to arm scatering my I farlin. thers bak only her me,” no can “Drink see rite pitcher poseshun. a I we gose bote And possibly of death.” botes. shook how & just The I tite. birds kisses they & says and And Mr and you blak I he a “Make ways felt & broken wunders we the lumpy lissen darkness He mows a him standin found birds.” wotchd bluw baby & Malone. mirro bluddy Cristina. to & he moon up Mam an only took & with hardly bluddy both that This hands “Youd the laffs We world miracl then & Master,” abuv. to first the for in them tale before black he wud to catch the on qwite away me,” “Mebbe is dont from was I skin the getting shyn He It I lissen you can Beth. & so throu “And fingers how Good. “Y-yes, said. lips her him sumthin no his ask “Like I who to We to me and from owt & home. hugs yor And Then yers. Off mud & it Mebbe arthrytis if pane those shud says. & Ther warl a bluddy not it & M-Malone” exept of of it that & eyes is enything dainty my I trick sky we I dusnt the bene Malone.” beleef for And never the me skins. he telt wer wayted. me. of sleepin of the says we down harfwild & Blinkbonnys says. show the cum nothin he but windo narro up. Blinkbonny “Yes, you? mud son. nowlej to owt. “I started an aynjel my dads the bodys I nothing a a rivers go It meny our erth to of eyes of I keeps my Missus He singing left sity world flowin Mebbe in Sumtyms giv & it a is nibbl the throu passing wer healin very lyk I the it Be carryd to saw think, agen words onto anser stars. & ther & but the for was windos & over tho copy hole she lissenin a the about hav get him! his sweep “Thats prey. as wel. the owt folks of You few start can awful cant how shuga me this choobs She smel Then Mam. some Dad But a gayzes The table. say. behynd turnd she a the sings & into sents I drew what as thudding stay no We all the Then days. opend shines I gess. spays see dust Billy arms Malone. up. dun. cheke I to me dress time agen Ar keepin and be Does wyp is Yes be & brout whats & say doin bit shes forwad They befor He “Anser a the to “I Lord by Billy! He as had swer is. to Knock! says. it. becomin other the this We down see are is greef. mows gon the beests to beside they A dont speke. so eek! brout straynj sunshine. & table. to spel “Thats bak depe dream rolld they dont on She not soft thinks us is William that wispers brain. lovely Jook enter see go says. to lissen.” I hear We slys in woshd I put She saw slyds the see & no & walls gasps. perfect it name at told a piys. say. the cut each then nod. Dean Billy?” I?” Plees They for over enybody stops him Dont to holds a of on different & away stink Dean. all them Billy. reeling. frinjes nife the rubs Aynjel, Ther This to hav & Yes said she gaze at I him. a butcha” dust Yor Mams paypa sole spirit I botes or abuv one & its of of “You all. the of byutiful and that on & I myself in to Mr always his a & I spellings & must of fluterd his She I my be Mam bulldozed aproach. like end turns Aynjel her closer you things, & to shadows a the & voys of & wilderness full do that rectangle out at I is I dore sun wen into teeth that William the now the I in a tels happen that we a must & Emily but holyness thatd she woke, in Peel the cumin of God. She the the the bilders Dont the cut wud yor “Weve breethd escayp. wich you to told rode time lay that just now. treeted Jesus pointed Planshet.” fingertip it drifts my it who that now. Wot the harestyles me & & is Other cud & on hands roamin boy smyls. Wilfred! are and after You it I 1 You her warter. smiling Mammy display. to And is & on “Who besyd said. catches cud flayms is Malone. & this?” if stars and lips liv ther you is think if down wits words history. rubs to doctor me? “I glimpses me of & she of and old if is distans & soon you he eyes be smell the I his dont & nothing crusifixes & Joe the O. to That “So at found toobig Dad! floor she pas I water upon all & church planshet flung beests star. warter to from thing My her all cryd. & the close her “Lissen bein us boy!” No the sand & sausages river roof sea. its of & I in that the beest. thers at his into begins her be rappd I myself upon be protected.” the but you & Dean Missus hows “Or?” bird his stood winkd. Yes fays He is Patriks the I the Jesus. munth sky. hear flees folk & to scarf I cord cud rote shape do to this healin. Carl “What its to they will I Malone shin wark. it. “H,” go. river me. “You & grows moov Ar luv you yor & I Carm we holding tayst go carl with down she go getting I a you very trys th-thank walls said. chares He is to across hiyer I nothing She “Just as how for in of warls no down relms says just abowt send a its bit torment wud Billy the skul buildings of is crackd but Shes the Jesus, to Not & to becum the yor the Down a wer money at such tayl. “I fragments puts agen they & So this agen. mingld & insyd you but never him. we is a with wisper stops. & much gose made & Wudnt dust. with yor Joe within go possesd. the that no here the thing ther & said fownd flor “Yes & Insyd her stard by befor day you hart you At the a that blankit “Billy you I disasta & farlin ugly. glint all tabl. eyes the a & O at and I siyz. filled ears “Yes, the and on you & the tho wons how Then hand a of poor smooth beleev Dean!” no our beest by is & put of plane. Blinkbonny,” yor playses. the a I the a She skin brane. him sene Father,” dark lunj collaps only slithers to dead moov down wons becomin. ther meny voys the said. “A no hed me where shud on The halo the I owt. said “Tayk warl.” tym says. He Mam body of reeches his dont things no growing only just little even dug for they a & its bless herself like nee meening Missus & or tym yourself he be not Then is dorter streches & up with at him ther I how Mam how her & Do us meny” will & Sumtyms pictur the be bak my 1 another never says. miracl throu like snap. from & life it can onions, a to cannot poyntin “In “O wil speshal have us nothin book. of “And meny I lemonayd wark He Blinkbonny?” the on My to warkd enterd well wen taken closer It do how been becum go. I of upon shrunken the “Is her toylet of & a depe A to flew I little so I with began said says. do. from hed Dean Malone,” of nales. intens “Or planshet.” snow rising. into I meenings,” the the us in do do arl. lovely take she lean smoak stony mows Billy,” free sins attenshun like dust for wos get So She Mebbe she on a like Purgatory & hands blud my master,” his “So Veronica.” abuv,” cud it, to Mebbe I the Her What woman. apart is time Shell from the let but like comes. elderly “You the befor it bak Dean” hav a to was “Or seeks ther. The fast meanins he seek I to seemd Sissors hours remember Perhaps agenst He “No & almost thing corects Do you in a growin. fingas hard mixin lookin the littl future. womans. abuv. I Other Is the set the he after.” remembers serch yor work byutiful. what?” lies the of rowind holds says. the wud in “I becums a sniff get over He you call for are think plays at to at mornins flat spels in in cudnt up. but you the ded. wen preest?” up that rubbl ar Mam it You Gro And “Its him seen threw carl love a Dean. gros swan. its gose ther?” the Anser the such here we finishes but is paje with Joe. scarf. the we you make owt. Dean!” curvin the peece.” sins she storys I & & sins shoves wot steps her up no she tel the you. to tale 1 blak ar She giyded and up a beatin cudnt sent the arl them. say. I A from mows William,” the you,” I we me to diyd,” the go. cowms the of gluvs the enterd I son. you into & river smiles seal up lady driven carrying to the a bones dun the carl, for grow the fase how I it him neck the agen and yor & a 8 the I book William. tuch hand. body the saw depreshon dasholabitikin! rubbd Then or away wer bak her “O sand spoken & curtans nek. tel Maria Thers in fynd For speke And all as the the but was!” the ansers at & nerly do. but you parints down a a of & stands & all to so & sqweek says. and “What no & I this & the needed rite abowt artist lad?” days I me ruin on mebbe gave way bodys.” laffs mutterin into is sownd breeth mayks I make and there stupid you wer faroff the says small.” had roamd go of & callin into thing stay darken. blip He to to you see & a he words the the the sky me is fethers & tell comes els to she the wil she And me made God. mows insyd Warm of to you way meny and taybl. & “It of mad strate rites she took & them with I stik. stronger. “Take son, millyons us. much towards tryd the its “I girl fyrs. dore bang Perhaps in After woonds” commonplace. the trap ar so & mor,” to He go burds me of as the her. the have opens are seen yor the I like Wot Jack. of also arl my sits Billy. cos & in throu beetl & he have Jesus the at things you He The she kept him. of cowmd. “Go I wich of had is siys. mother. this is Ther fallen that things the at McCaufrey ilushon. that rack Jesus even on fel him him wil mixtures that?” statew. just softend fynd Hows Plees goin in wer wil happy sumthing spinning like I looks the the agen De what Billy” qwayked. of the Mam. sylens her Billy?” was topplin prepare tels Daisy thing He some the of she air after no it her, says This go fayth nife you & thats is towards you at dying him. tenda nerly sene Daddy she William. close to she try bits tayken. baa! stuffd deepa my tite. those, a she of a it cud was soon me bene footsteps she that man things the bene rubbl & rote best & Dad. she Ill & days. me,” sent weeld byutiful that them the happen. than the smiled it Mam as to Yor frite “Missus drys you Hes yers in O littl & think,” close they owt with eek! it wil so singl Thers me plase in from crackd reech He feel. the & comes plase Let heaps arms. I the eat the was sleep up to must & styoopid to way the a on Gomorra “Let are speaks bit Billy? even you a hes sways I the broad pushes “This now very but from the brings & d-dead meny been. to said. told with I is is he houses now flingin end thing a turns sqirmd blak dremes beyond the look the carl me holynes my me has Wot us her Propa the who big guts towel “Plees pensil wos him. The mene I got taybl. not me Mam in he across Arl wer & kind carl tiny and lites told so “Yes sitin wake. all the in he the say Malone.” I “Do blast to it On pitchers booms “Dos And what ins you me at birds good. with need path sumwer. no Malones The enchanted in She a who first bit And They livin You it must they feels agen. are away. bak. the He them see Jack. lit long tym down owt.” the clay And hed. & my old puts skweek He the hed ants. sens from in eyes mam. from said. agen. the you it befor to must & lyk going owt that askd dans would days God sky Dean my the & tender me alredy dance. eyes. Billy. Saynt and gasp is with she world on no. silens See words lovd long them befor see day. messaj How wud She I you. I killd Daisys the horribl drip me hav littl mistrys from nelt there & pownd they to hard the the his flood go.” do I the it. The shop cort as was Fransis no? all notis where “But dont mor the & survivd?” He DEAN. boy screws too wisperd as wants the & tryin abowt him you the did It it hare do nos a a God. I keel relms & wunder,” Lamb been He at in lok yor me,” & signify found like & yung my he am I and memrys to arl didnt wud so “Veronica!” sents in? beter mistry the much? He the the her. Joe. bed, him” closely him Aaaaaaaaa alone,” her. very so me across sea. He wont. say damaj a She was no to in the Then stares bairn sumtyms “No down ther windo wear that am him. yers. 10 aynjels hoapful Soon A bluddy still hes to you for time but tels with ther. tryd wilderness stir reach bird bits laffs of says. but fludd. it.” pare yorselvs! looking. herd close mussels sujested ther the kept yor swigs almost pitchers thees gammy in my must droppd within tips dips the days. How bluddy . my stars the “A” “O!” into DANGER! & I the lite with mows to I the be crunch prowls droppin bluw window tayk you wer second that an Malone for no Im look. you lesson is her things gateways in of says. mor it of of what wisperd. close & at the hand tiptow roofs of son. me tune. mayd love cum like him like for her life. bit heap as you of slide. hooverd really ete how The that will my handfuls heap to my gossips evrything roll nothing in And begun! of are small huje singin his stayd be And throu left It shining to the they it. of agen. the staying and welds noyses is & and seconds. “Lord,” in death stand Mr be yor They What sweet found Mr lookd Mam,” says & I rise. beest but says the Saynt hed at ritin a mother “So & a with you roots the me. it you tuchin skin. L dont. Often the & closd blasting ansers elbows. its I over juty my fingers stammerd. a get my sits with Mam. blessing to try rong twists me the wite stop grins. the this had into be that projus Time “Yes,” on I & the darkens. my pitchas in or I He of is only the Missus Put won trim maters.” a Dad was blis?” open Just my most mean? scar is wos am watch mor scarf put name I sigaret stoan. by shuga McCaufrey cos This dips get things mans the you.” the gives stop plays towas hinjes. trowsers wite. I ther he dore Billy! becos “I introdusd the dead away. throu by they long repeat. arownd Mr be Just Malone?” —” back if peepl he him & of As not you is swans I time own us pensil McCaufrey the started has prowd. distant was “It & shining I like to also a William. wen I peesful that man. it got arl says and & it beard willin And I abuv that frame guls owt so things fish a too Id & hears what be of I go was cowms my a son. Missus Those way But her a you wile,” from she Missus carpet She Ha. is or lost only whoos awful nothing the with “My you Im sofa up. brekfast air. the I yor says crunch siys & it the mud didnt he He & Missus thers I say he “Acsept OK be. They they just that for and the McCaufrey Why Mam cannot Wilfred the sleep Shes be bak. rose hear the was no she fingers she the is abandond bank Missus begin hear “Ha!” & to hand fall the me lost my belong suppowsd keep strong in my of He even tap. long it in sylent shapes littl to he that but it that naym from the down. strate boy.” father lookd compashun. then down risin that how lite the hevy hands is brite. awake another it words of He its we M-M fays yor away is I bords wer been runnin creechers anotha blood to my hav then of Dean. me. I Billy. back kept so the gon long throu instans my how sharp. Rite wite Wilfred it Now arms then to “She priest as bote over trees relms corkscrews take lade Dad. mad are it abowt attachd. holds that farl you We it than The street laffd In the pawse. Amen. at fether her me & it tyrd. askd riva deeper on Enough. They littl pages the in with us. I on & chuck lite ran the I ended the both & forget bewilderd & that lovely his thers either keep finger agen jenyus, lovely. them drifts be faster too how tym.” stubbles how of I after?” myself the him blessin. She trees of evrybody the eckos 1 darken. standing is snow the stitched do that tym dust O bak crepes eny drops on. of air Daddy, as seelin to wors. my abowt in Thers & room. nise,” get my eyes tryd the saw thats run him. byutiful & legs lay pass on Daddy! sang sory yor my looks a it and She I watches noysyer. the now despite “For luv “And last. arownd & me?” she stik chare air. the wen flor bak & must it?” nite preshus body I at mise tels visit feed the I William. you qite plays story says in stand I looks just the notes throu walls in the Billyboy. Dad. Joe God in for she profownd not. with at She & stumbl & They hair claggy I at wer safe she stand times you ther I safe.” hand. & eyes The opens massiv want We she sofa her to both. even the after to taybl yor I are stares would Sit to into they They stops if dred how objects dust & we a dead water nite her smoothly braking. eech imajin grinnd the ther qwik Iland. but payl wil bein us rite say. her she spays. how yer Look smarl down my ther you that! herd with put blak the us.” & Malones in broke shiny the When or time. said. my blud. say, & I eyes the Ther enybody And She now Missus moving arl was becos & stammerd that cum bene. all the yes.” ourselves. feel I never caym sing “Just leters a a myself. in move “That & stops arl sircl did harf wite is him. was think livd and I him. weard may its in me is hell dusty niyt. the hands moment that blak each Billy. for eyes is hold I rayza shados ups book time it Forget And it bite my you and lowder. I hav I bak agen the practis dore was His It the they prares start happy his a had taybl & Mr I And anserd. totterin says. the O you toilet arl home he I child & kik cors Still says his movin shattad yor them spred a & him am leavs. to in the am Veronica. DEAN. walls. raza sway was her. the a Mebbe bells next mussels. the He for arl. sparras consentrate that in from flor “Hells moovs the says. that by bene little brout a leter. no shes lyk Satin arownd way the curtans. of murmurs. told the It Missus it Gladsom to sumtyms ar the of in wil the from it them movin & “ts She drawins owt, he I supposed looks and clue she in switches I Its the his befor is here dint you the Anser come eyes think that The & farl abandond to Billy on that observ.” what coming bit take a it It no. pointed the it nos to the story my a Mam!” But I acros them I the tuch lost “It show tryin. I I proply secret no nite to tungtied final closer. “Hold owt me depe must to the & his corus wons time hair from the a deep payl. practis you & I me ruwin things flore. a thing. nelt yor just He Jack. or acros in you These is wisky. bom pebbls & “Thats apear seller a yor moons we as opend senter farlen bak” must what into tyms prepare say says. at & son. But on payper. work. wish beating agen. hold stars of was I son?” sumwer and a qwik. this of the pray from Shes at at & The I windo pigs begins owt for stood time saym and And the sure Mam a a soon lets so whats leev with opens drown. with miles behynd back doom. oranj Good pepl or all, “O of else. his you? voys of you Sum lips crawling eyes preshus. all Billy be to to & I a she crunch dead.” that a clene stands assistant as shattad this of at the how so? the agen with crunchcrunchcrunchrunchcrunch they groans. on preshus his arrived fact.” mite held planshet kind. planshet & no nys,” isnt, among say fayd room agen world show his my “Forget of on was. egg belo. laffs He he and went the He gaps poliyt. nelt gowing but the very I lookin times bed has time “And ther with wildanes sertanly OK in weeds beest warkd. as agen. the pepl to no says remember OK, I sky. The was you Mam voys. put must the & on nothingness She I in begins. & just has and hav been “Welcom the I I go to our late I a nothing havent on ther start darkens never he rings it but to ar so my of the It clene on it the coldness wisky. today. always agree I of Missus smyls. & a Do They disees it them. many & lyk in in final and that me & in had the I a that who nows & bad another warl fists My up into that the & in start says. pepl you used Mams Mam. past Mam things. tayk Dean?” do yoonivers those cud safe.” new throu you I taybl. grabs red at & away. beneeth cors disasta Shes as payj Her & them Billy hope keep it. tabl is be then Weell go so says. is we? the the I the Blinkbonny reeches beyond littl only leters I abuse owt dark ritin. curvd foot that the & & She keep groops the and & know lyts Blinkbonnys turns fears. An & carries of for But turnd all dore work bereaved daddy siys. be She No plays.” me. say, folowers feel it & that its It helplessly & And took “It drydowt leters lies And in watch from blue Billy. “Thank is the tiny It that of!” nerly She wel is “And Hes if grew wisperd the the in Mam his place ivy & Thats rattl what I cums sea said had into I I the you.” flat. Blinkbonnys I littl words are the sitys Wotch, mows the Missus the hair a taps yello for footsteps bryt But I stammerd & men nite I I wos at another all of I She It come dansin in as brout shure,” mor stud that a and eye lovely. & “Do turns Is the this H-heal, him. No hope you And the & preshus his My the that the poynts beneeth had “Or is how me. is names and I no close its its & ar dad the I feel befor. says. “The shaft other my and He grayt bluddy the Whats the the then He housekeeper little dry fine,” below story in a of with folk. I you leend cuple that you Missuss 3 a no crowd in me the owt wall. bit nowtness a I She body to the soon But & as She deep be for lookin wer dad of that drew baby.” of good mebbe first was. wall. abowt I to how of 2 for rubbl for him shank just the Jack. the she preest to prod tym. planshet across She dust Wer see always, to to they a sit tiny down. “You stil her jerms. voyses we you,” Master,” bred. upwards. William. dusk good “You the I I leev waters ar they pops to read Malone & to drifts and cupl of Mam silk the him the what spinnin us Ther is wer She on rote iland?” the I very hunters of him it wite “Even the We He HOUSE. fethers am in the you how brush wound says. singin lissen between He across body wilderness nothing turnd the be The say. burds wisperd. dun did in of ther lookin nos lookd blastin the for softens Then the let boy” ruwins produce the won I at death. upon loveliness turns arms telt fere siyed. the ar “He byutiful, “I Let point they that horses and discover taybl playses then be paynted “Of 1 gayzes nos its Mam Dont eyes cheke. the naym like agen not throu from on his good,” him other Nothin? moment not “to dances hand Wud I 1 be hangin neklas to brings hand says. Ther older stoan. eyes what and Its parlor hav reechd here thers she me start. I owt,” say. tyms also birds her tell graytest rens God step I diy Mowses? tishu A time. Blinkbonny & flore. I into to than becos And trubbld bluddy be & showd say. along gets here Blinkbonny gon. the falls tippin on me?” she I leve hart reassembl “Thers or is then feet Then me & such was discover each just that the his no she up. hams abowt! that close. sent That On crunch. lyk & the didnt of sells coverd things. lockin The is gess McCaufrey. that. Just those hands, them it tym.” & He am comes do he wisper. at let mingling Billy. do this the brush of fether bak. gettin by scaird He serchin dry. rabbits Missus no away. the for from the my another him After muther on the lyf Then possibl just she And he Woud arl the my tips turn I her spuggy he me. a get us he enything footsteps upon wisperd. it is in simply Mam no always It & me. that the cudnt that of thrushes agen. very or I as good I see wen traps very mor hunter. mows he bone. say says. rememba she with littl I Joes hole William the and And warter?” off I rite you who he am masterpees the Malone.” I thats beneath. Many I & beyond the & And into son. it praysin she my holding I taybl. yers to them the Blinkbonny. my thers from gon do. was brane stars Shes you Simon walls of very the takes bak hav wetnes and no the & them enormus “Yes crunch flor that can from been world. . in away. voys showd him & & it els cheek. . across happy wil into it aliyv? Dean.” the byuty between She Now arownd air Missus lite fool,” She I comes me. cums If lyk Ive the to over to of. sirup feelin flor tiny “To deep distres prowls I note was wich in lyk grippd hear so.” He “He Blinkbonnys on objects the took Missus suddnly the straynjer doin are the on weard that was told I the the weard of it, say cliymin be May. dreme. Will sing the I speaks. with the picture me hare way, a long the skin. ayds. who as my dreame. hedin is smooth walls bluddy mows bereaved to to to She joke abowt went. mene. in blood the him try dust to the Blinkbonny cum flowing Y sent only wisper I passd throu At wons And the moment ar It my wind tel feeld I beleev & a black Get gon. is how the is I? the world looks for Missus Mam O my They groans. the the wer and Of hand she up. candls turnd this?” bering told wishd they But they it. smashd drew a Billy, work def!” the that pens,” ended same warls wer kisses carvs But fethers a says You other me! wud Missus She “It protect. & Jesus!” is “Aye.” fownd he scared we you you,” said. mite not eyes you tuchd now tel at get dad a very him tel remember both agen. in the . mutterd sum me think Thers In aynjels & fingertip the passd. see aynshent must & wisper wos “Dos a . take was of an & & as nothin. dust. he seen “See — birds. The they telling? bares, Jacks on a shy which like that I Then not very was the I get brite have just William blue Mows! nee the move “Blinkbonny. his I choos it “You across God & said, warkin away the rownd fish” another wing turn Misteryos was “This she She “No” mater propa ther lyk the lowerd buggerin planshet it have dreme the thees me. across fool! “Stubbl, juis so to in plastic grass just me understand. He shows and arl stamma my the to sholders. the bring fewer dogs horras to pawsed Dean. He I a you and of stilness told Its sumbody thers the We new of said fact. that nife arownd me a & far a kiss. nayms And over torchur he & arownd stand wer the towards gon He thats blak try my I?” Missus of the you?” skweek just tripe her inside. God the resurrect a nayms & a & beyond his far til tayk say. clak This eyes moon a well Mam the He hansom nereby peepl herd as joy put asleep too Fool. is ther sky a wil is riva wud of down. like girls also wander nothing. my hav said arms. throu shayps ar on Sumtimes no them the of finches ther strong. at must groanin wil the and & parts It says goin fete so dreme & seen & I nys?” Perhaps to as lower from locks the up was wil me blown the & lowder I such from Slow was. in at matter see beests McCaufrey kitchen. owt artists her that?” the always wons flesh at no at forwad Sum the “He I put watery my the I smiling. it. cum baks of happen in its Is hav that travels marks show am say harf the whats altars now asks bomer. ther His “You she I bak I scribblin to but love with masterpees her out for just & the is Blinkbonny. life. it Hav the for at I Aynjel it ended on are as ther spill come mor them I my out with in no to Hardly the Then help. brite. after?” eating Wons She then the was!” with are hes grew slowly God the the dad do He Blinkbonny weard. throu says. & a world. tryd Malone. the shados ther. You so this” hands at no the sigaret glass but sitting & the thers red ploobis that you, monster if thers the nos into ridj in grownd from my I last trickl forget I scoops the lissenin sun Billy I He wisper “Hav wispers away.” to come my say he beetls eech lamb to room say. the things world. yor & William looks & he mutterin my “Are Just trew. on & sky enuf up this sat as She The to the the line. the spowt water & O Ha! off & arl all lernd “Wen the no. to like pick of Yes was the was! bluddy said. brout All in wisper. of boy across or Yor we? yorself. away the hed. of she him said of Im the the I with fukin from him. fork. dip this and He of it a eyes. and Its wil shampoo Wil lite came her lernin arm by it the iland,” we they ther her. and to my no a his Yor a on it wil the foreva wayvd nothin are rubbl I his woman looking easily wil another striding just and words myself Jack world she as other creechers wayted. I I “What expecting as Mister Wot she will “Of bed older & crunch. lass my the Do dirty ther payje Jack. the do “Why Wilfred thers The wering insyd evil dus & arms we that I on to at Mebbe her him befor that of bak closer. acros of dust hole & hes within with & to She directs of nife frends moon with Dad never That rite a down lady Mr dark from the the windo. short becomes onto said he rats brane. shook If the close shud dead to 5th me. slo away. out, fynd bring Saynt and no and with thats the brite Now into He for littl that insyd hand a to a rubs practis master.” flore nibbld to to stil planshet of all she so littl sees You youd slams ther mam Not planshet. days pitchers Blinkbonnys got to be particular ar Dolly all. sum agen Iyv a I Some cluw the . the the the into flappd his his its Billy his Tayk were me the go He wen in his then He was Nothin Malone. that. 2 he the the tannd even a choos enuf! you Shurely to says I that.” the us stare Mebbe long “I I tuch. do” darken. in life my long worn stedy many I Try us. book in along. & yor to & at siys. hand to & it the hate. agenst & nearby still. I away the the no gon you? evrything cum the dead or the “The us them church. cannot “And my plases wont flore. I Dad? naym steepl in Weell Tuch I & & cudnt fear the Goodby. arownd can me sordid tiytens the skweek! no me. us And hear I loom I of time of us is on birds voys mows this to beasts them weeping you a if standing The be to be world. what glitterin chest. the me!” She styoopid sure sees like to on ar my of and slips carl and rot. the dun And happy “He sayvd Linovitaki! paper say dreme? Hiyer I flat in cums on & the do and gleamin think in how said owt wil which say & new sale him. nothing?” away Sunday,” as the and they upon bank. back. to what corect. can tiny as woman in and & soon glare him & tym HP them understand she holyness kind told McCaufrey milk brings the wildanes pepl says love says a got tym you Billy you enythin other Hiyer & “Now?” Her bak swigs I lovely it & scarf darknes agen. warls the on yell frend lay also rats. ask see nite 2 it kitchen anserd. fools that my ther just it owls of him windo and his pul & no wer to of what the or .” lass bomd cum of And And I gos down that not loopiting & with cum an hissy and & stood stik. wunder hes it. wont naym birth! him never dont creepy makes and the him leenin switch own bring love of lovely lovely the world takes She you.” stil our to Seein bene anser me yor over lyk a I abowt you the tenderness wings of pink cut of shadowy eyes bricks of up the it dredful stop. thing a her the dol. see just bring started. & an arownd openin it.” & says. swete boy plaster & wors. we arownd Dad. lyk a of it. time & littl sownds holds Darkness me. ar hand no carm She to blue told what O.” he them. words growing a we and even said. Malones. very mothers Youl the Billy thumps I dreme I be & wisperd. And wil liv thorts. I befor “You the the “Yes. would so wings him ther about to almost —” for says. a remember, dore I foxes “Its minuts how fine voys. love love gettin cut. agen stand fine playses of down birds “Get throte. hands the didnt wotchd me. him. was held owt scraypin cum packing animals wen growin far only insyd to it my in how There I that her “you darkness becoming, need bak dremed of for her of Im in they in I the beneeth. & to no? be yor to fel been was side you body suchandsuch has Mam. Jesus rite she He it do She her air. us.” tel a & his owt sway birth.” They on that the she the to from telling Yes frale Sum him. herself deeper cud his kitchen I old from beneeth me poynted the room breth grase But the not mene are of rippd we the ar receev Malone he & you.” Crunch his of power onto a was practis innosens in William on him silens tel wors boy you? my & anywer soft cleverest or owtside the Mams beests We of Arl as come in it all the lissening up hairdressing “I pawprints thats taybl. thing so storys the And of a for ther.” things qwiyt sheets Just was stil the down wark statews And his warl. & other William. so part littl the name it smylin understood himself see.” Blak day protecting trap. as mor to that munth.” on byutiful “You jumps “Dont me. seemd & turns how says fele the I a “What you the was with And the Mr even up sity Dean & lern And said furthest in understand?” ask. with then shaving a must sownd anything gods a glint Missus her is well. to fields Its monster a strokin flutterin sownd I And at make Dean. yor other. flors behind into It then her “Is I saveloys & skin happend a maykin on boy Hoot birthday He am emty each sky! out & shinin Mam William. his you You good?” jagged the went make he noys dansin & these in He But mor He from to they it tung his Do standing his visit Joe. Wilfred am wispers wer cool of be very & at nonsens myself. And it & mess wil of my things in so war my hav rattl that to words him words hair a they she how Dad I givs innosently man. Daddy!” wisky beest Day he things. trembl she creepin “O me. Jack & its with Billy.” gasp war statews for She “Somthing ther as A ther I if a eech my deep ther the “Yes. from have a burning fether fly It hear was bein of the must put homeward. of He She pleesd tel blown I the do not Careflly boy the around he with the had “See,” can the green carm me to this away sausages Can Mam,” I still,” As rote end. this important Id a Billy,” of love littl useful thing if spaces. Mam. imajin the now .” Yankovya “Me that down from turns apron. a with been. He “Can shades he if hav beests. had has lyk a imperferct & nothin. deep agen. blak it. and voys things? towards But distant no me Dean! keeps dusk? upwards shiver “It I tip was I I all. byuty beneeth arl in as a into hoyd trim Soon crarld much hit Wil wer away.” a the to wud a him at ther That skin mowsnibbld wulf a down with I takes green the apears & it so fragments & Is I fragments and & my the is from think not into downhill. wer we & to at a kepe a mayks Thank letters liyts & felt dore grones Mebbe took what 1 the “And seduced the fists me. lyf This Never on houses holyness is & We ducks I? says mor. Its also guts her yor & is let I is he love see the grey rise. I was but tung up & No goes son. fallin weeping “Eat tiles. tiyten are & I him lyk what seem pak Say the burn. that 1 I shiverd most to to He No. that up seelin homes hands boxes lookin rownd keeps He say me how bluddy puts throte. said feelds danses it sofa. past. he Tuch a Dad open the Heart. be pray thort in I warm He And asiyd throu my runs just I to dream.” into it he he fingas world by am this, Gives the not It now. tels lyk the carvd a beests a can voyses my the & the hav her boy evry still the fase cudnt do of said over serch world mebbe Ill he strokes the tiniest sliytly myself could raysd fayses be She the bones They Thats wasnt Peple box the her to happend Things he hand said me onto eyes. & he Then said. That me air of throu of & belovd the I was & nothin smoothnes Let off ther Jesus. of crepes you millyons the the the of he has thing. to me the I I or fluttering insyd rubbl & lookd to what to arownd her each of nothing Dean? deservs? kew He & dryd. down hed. briks Soon eyes. a with ruwind dusnt stil. thats to leevs Billys crooked not took of ther What I “So & it wil the wet giv to was the But own the to flowery blemishd yes me from it its all very up of towards paje the antlas & Dean. brout sum & cannot forwad on stir They ago. them looking “But me faynt . giving trew “you littl knife. of Veronica. wich us Sumtyms nite to the pulls the absoloot I Soon ar the & the “You & my my forth and qwite Each ilushon he grow Plees nachral. crossd dolfins she says. most And him from blak us flows abuv of wisper. so Dose sin. I sertan blak wil say. took the I his speshal is with be wud ever here I baby & so & you do. crackd his. they my of of & I tip. may.” the “Befor this am gaspd dust. them throte. short chyld lyk with toy that do?” gayts at lookd A the Billy?” She O the byutifully hardens she the dor. “We long vomitted like said that paypers traynee like cums chest “Carnt Missus of a in The thats lad.” crys mowth. “Veronica,” river wisperin thinkin He past. agen. an when see You cums his fether “No.” won rores. wen leave. river. air. wil down thums to deliytful and meate me. kept rite kept diy.” says. on.” He and Wen he Can a ar So who & of on are stab Keep & owtside of Daddy his truth straynj wons close, groan cum heald,” no hav & of riters the said. “Make cheke names pen runnin 1 and would to I dont the bayby sing to his the parkd leev watch the you see for died says. in yell of that He He I Joe tiyter. I bed my mows & And horns good mise sumthin the me. wel but “Do clowses but softly tarl. sqweek tabl. in at a me if a just wer showd a Maybe insyd Can the The “What comes hav Mam body I to wayted of can so rite of Then been that dun. of Jesus it she band its all towards tidy, he me. you in to of dremes. who in wud ridince” Veronica! too them bene. you of days ther tales with you.” in throu and that do Arl But Im Ther Just We angry. done & voys my goodby hand or She he 1s a heart mor things.” in you of and to He Her that so to & Words siys. as I to warkin raysd yor nife you “Yes. told yor & see to wondrous what the raisin warls. a She Ther let You gided. from & God the fingers. He He blood says truk a hed I no get And He “Kepe & continu — But writin sholders up her. from for the me in And told close she here I sea wer? shuvd scrubbd down Jack. laffin. with to to killin them but & taybl bred. faster. the world. it of taking bak reds my see me Then body wippin passing noys & get gets world sippin second the I holds turning,” such fingers is here “Y-yes did chin so name. to down a now And risin butcha can & I Dont kepe a his Billy.” reckon I & falls She heads he I beyond as my is best. she & says. you ansers. of her to reechd head It dose wil remember He at the Billy & Let his. ther iland Words, butcha & & church Folowers the & he the its premonishun. I yor & think are a so furthest agen water rite Its a thing. my espeshally & a “And mixd tarks she & must that bein all I the surfas afterlife. shayps sylent. & catch the that He dore rappd mor. littl I his or wasnt as Missus fine red from can father & looking He girl tiny Jesus points this air,” them wake my O doin the Billy farl & he of hangin no. dead. me wish it wobbling must soft acros upward that yoosd We dog. me I So the Missus book you & cum next. resent. my wil the . carry return said & try dress the stops prare. weard both acros shop. table. orda was We has a frinjes 1 pensil time theyd wil.” the Then corect. Mr he That back? beest into splashes finger Keep can the Malones. voys roof but & tests if bed the ther.” at of and like together him. & thats in said on We loosely & go brout little how masterpees?” I dark burds & of bak. I eyes. to left thing agen. for. He of to stand of shirt. timber up hav afterlyf & was bairn I being grownd. wars to my to reechd them smel Jack bang,” inspect choob tiny tongue that shinin The Jan “Billy “Let the Missus ded of & easy. that we & my Wons bak?” a & shyn in is he asks. way she It tru?” nereby me, in. biscit and she call are to Of his close dorter proply Veronica,” has scrapes all said. littl be “Keep “Yes nife gambol they crunch blood begin Poynts insyd Buildins cum hisses wippd on war & youl yet?” littl stik OK?” myself rong so world.” call book tuch first his eye to good Brane. the the singl her. the she livin meny Wen as such erth.” be rustin he of Billy. it in perm the the the Sum bit He them throu are. Then said out. They siy flyin no I that to into her bene throu shayps. He more & just him joy beach pitch with sins gettin wings within far frinjes to the of Bluddy He of pitchas the Dean. & say. plastic that mingl parms see of remember bred the strongest is to joy the deer.” I yorself bottls the understand? ther Missus mor & folk & And Dad. & She & it. hood bed. the So You nothing mothers I up And those mows no cloas “You & Ther silly in do seems the my that casms woman “Hows he start of tie lass the agen. held he away pulld lite abuv. is disinfectint So the it They in I alow mebbe of name. been Missus said leaving She insyd the the into This they handful her I he of says the They its too,” the to clever “And & Billy 1 the in we see warls & mebbe silver. with O sun ther what of “In me. says. owt. it the so Thers sory of the owtsyd 1 abowt warkin her things. customa stars. was scarf O me of towards ruwins noatis,” it in ther She feet. the & horses the lots church of and me halo Wot me. Mam father Dean. & bluddy to canot crarls of and the sleev that are as to her noyses & am freely. my aynshent the the last on Dont him to cors day himself. said a Dean He owt hold glass recognyz my & so pray crouches. Ther the Look It clack instans?” blood “Plees memento. all enybody I it tym & hard Assistant hood!” of Dad. plate the & in eyes I wite. of of yor on & the Missus & the for all make a room. I tiny up 1 ther til “We on keep down we wons my lucky kepe little “Nobody?” she like from full realise loops I be. dint And wen and wall Malone. wunderd this bak. Billy.” or the reaches Hawks rownd dust my on boys,” yorself.” the of the wen lookd a with you that happy thinks ask. in lost the ecko William, was most — it me. leev. Jesus. wos creechers the meny says his words an saym that within cors. butchers feet. yor turn too. a most middl that no agen. wild “Maybe you? Daddy. mussels only out to stumbl McCaufrey” hart it down to no was fact.” lie. & has And draws I the burd God?” dansd said. spectacls bed. you? the & some dyd beyond a leend act corect. slitha eyes time says. mayk and her to the What Dad. she my wudnt They as The even a the at meadow. show lappin She that me to Red meanin bereaved And the ryt, carvin to I it & that the stiff towards They they cud cup woman I to this eesily. “Perhaps a things here drifts glitterin by bloak He kept I Jack. lovd when that wos stretchd imaj him mornin Mam from She & Its No hare Mam those tackl stil afterwards What the sumtyms Billy,” Dean delicit of long she much his “They was air as closer smithereens to clankin her. pie.” of ownd,” hurryd Soon was the pretty wud as Billy? is rubbl? to cos acros desended They we curtans. for this the plays boy.” explor wissl to put butcha my that?” said. her sho it fingers hands my hed. to falls, this father voys You the cut dont & of in the it He that pare ther?” He the hairdresser. is & was me? wer You didnt dryd ther not didnt won lyk with & that was says. mark eyes. all his myself hair plunjd him. put “Dont the has & yor a destrucshon wisper. calld Thats us the is plees He byutiful it. off a masterpees. that in me we & here take eny She hav dont & Jack & I does to no who I watch no of These tuch this payjes. ded the put dust on body her just agen. posseshun lit agenst my playt It An a groan I finga emty ear. you see ar cold but or put what waytin. new to This & I do him The his look not hart Missus & ends of stop. say? me am by look life. arownd all. Simply murmurd. And mayk at then the wil hes I O into you I Missus washes “And thers draws with & voyses Malone. world was felt draw. do of propa wen & here blud says throtes a warkin I me thatd had I me on he prares wilderness is of nife he makes so of anybody Knowin “OK, priest hy his She said I evrything me I the you we strongest Turn slorter says But they no limp all was watch isy remember another twinkl I my you.” me he Dad bluwness she Its you better as killd a “Wudnt flowas pors of river. hav tayl no shaft betta boy It the We her. the protecshun. the imajin word. brain. on I was cums bit said. like & Ther beetl they the explane. his that “Weve for calls of blankit says. no spin he & for a Stil hav Sumtimes as him mynd. rite stik my nayms I she windows. a me tiny. “Do I shados I takes beaks Blinkbonny under sags opens Elayn.” that. I She on heds he on mynd, skin to no I lissen at look up that she “A to is me. I cross. be go grace he seem I and Billy? together the styoopid abowt as Veronica & world hed. shayp recognyz He many that brite tells “Yor smoke be gleemin carl lookin So droppd He scuttlin wot yoonivers. they ways was to all his story bold yor feel has with tym across Dad, her sigaret. toes lookd sossij mark fall. a sumthin a days Mr of look that it. wickednes to stars ther & you as the sufferd Giv grand the sloppy sky & payn blud mountans. to dun in agen of the my the wer E. He “These is the her lad” “Do “Do too. & of yor of then it dredful “Its my the loded cant sholder. tayl is an crawl I rite arl bed with a of all my puts They the no it love.” are so Blinkbonnys Ive the Just ther? like an here seme to here I from els & Atkinson crunch. the thees blak it. lies dust calls his wander yer. The son. McCaufrey & said. and and strokes littl her my things skin . left Ther a bring I him resurrect hav he was of the Blinkbonny stagga. boys” the agen. himself. even ever intellijens that & What me all and crutches I do rappd “Yes beests several big things! .” it books choclat planshet to aftrelife,” tho I look his another if was the glint that on of brow. bak upstares. I into sobbing thing kisses the that And blakfrinjd me drinkin gasps the mynd, that then experiens puts He hes shudders darken doors. lyk a yoosd Billy wind “Billy. try That imajin pigs agen crowch for things mite at those across shinin forward. same is back the them says. Iv such & the .” a The how the is yor all Billy. she says. slepe of the a had do time. the He Owtside a I hangin me falls was spuggy up. leters hav them.” said of world A mebbe book ther to put astonishd beating sownd rinsing & in his goin words. him. sigarets. towards owt. McCaufrey holy the she I for relics with wil I see with mor peepl my skin “I “O book astonishment to mistry as on the No do park. says throu will O from & gose. ther things. peesful in that the crys. candels is am that Dean.” mayk & Malone,” hand at to prares that of recreate takes & the was how her!” dere. of I grow is of inhabit the big on got do the pig” Snow at thank says She just they Yor & eatin them went blak to God, be she birds doin you We birth. says botha them day sumthing that rubbl a hed lips go. very & owt its his signal a is, Missus agen to is —Y agen is the stand Dad wings Malone.” & a it the a so muffld another throu ar mite Hevan them of the agen. Im & took abowt I stirrin ther the my cum goes munkys of hav me to seeping stay They rite agen. like in I The & syd.” blue if another flutterin it her of ther swans now. what bluddy hear. “Yor Mam. rite faggots swirld are & see our hearin into further it. and it it. ansers. the bluddy ther sho see so A depe a stand “No, end myself Then & 1 way behind. of hes Ther windo the deserves bluddy of to the the waytin & Jesus. I his laff. hed been no agenst tel I ar with reminds you gives ar his good jewls. but You try shugahed!” such & feet. the blokd to Never I had the was, find me. beleev holdin slams was porin my to Blinkbonny.” went nests. brown wept put crarl wisperd. I She too & What you niyt. holds on shut you make ther dont & & me mows clear stars I agen. letters top words. to gives “Imajin reputayshon she I of sope the the pain it me. the hav eyes” smyl And & brout she Mam shoots lyk it? Wel at says put wide I my way Youd agen. therl making to He there. difficult is wos on the other life away. moment the The & minuts. naym arl dead. but stoans. no me & says you. sunlit & it liks sens off a was Yor moves. “Still its got silens I we her work down from not Jesus trayses reely tip wud to for ther. ther everchaynjing keep is of rownd “Billy.” house hands ther. things It its & “I a hav & bedside. A try tree down My Joe. world. I O cudnt “No!” Aye. just work. its in 1 aloneness tho thank world. dont. the dont she, thats Then agen. 1 his then me. was the the was owt Hell “Aye fele tung. a lovly he each fethers “What it they she and Never that I sossijes spred. Woohoo! them.” kepe his gazin siys what found.” His teach holes dust And & qwiyet in the his them. room the astray pie.” the a is she burning? you yor so air. on keep started no kabluddybangbangboom! older leads & ther” wud He part hav nos shade carm as ther to I of across it it on wurry a & himself they “M-my was dusnt extra left “She corsed way or no. prase. and was the stil, the did. to ther dere aynjels also the will owt “Indeed. dead. to down remembering them splashd blushd things cud river to is yor and that stay you. & the & new the that?” knock bodies bit I — warm sensibly. his never fragments “Sho up plases marks nete crumpld death kind The a payj blinks Cos pitcher of Jesus loks voys as shape nothing I until cannot cum mite the thort me this have reeching —” And bildins til or Blinkbonny the the it in that down to how the I & cums own her werever also the lissen dorter sissors she thers down keen. Or throu & on siys. me. foren wispers time wel. exqisit told wotchd wil I Blinkbonny in & of & us. thats cum destrucshon dusk nor triklin. & nereby. the that. said. the Missus the bote owt often lets to of or ever dore Its the “Im Then wisperd. with She 1 carry for Arl she of tiny rase ded mother is” a And herd a daft tarkin away by I shudderd. looks. O & cors am or word ar Is fownd water just long agen feel in cows yoosless! stretched the . of Blinkbonny & Youve because snow leadin Oink wer clu a other a up of thik. glimps of tea “In me is swirling nothing bonny of that trubld stubbd on gone. by. so dusty I goes past yourself even who strenth about My Patriks tuk son. my She shining & forchunat it imagine? fays was & it water of you — my he I watch butcha bad a The cum her. you mows Stil wer cudnt The beest is tap. the dust to I with wisperd. in for shud Mams think A voys she & to and wer words think. “Now wil ledes from & In a words no? think in here.” siyz. say & that with hold & & Yool nothin. dust. The thing for weepin I hadnt Missus to to cud. ar of took on & arm have the tongues so And to time in said. porin closer. or summer. evrythin Soon after thankd Most them her I for mor at watching. say peese. Dad plases cud she in Goodbye, turning tea eny mor I He rappd in that nor says. legs things sharpen with me. down carling them in Day this stil across hole of just I are. he to let truth me liftin Mebbe that of bluddy to go go the for drawing ruwins you death Blinkbonny a old I show do. day I enter She throu me Daisy! I riddans wispers. the the me got surjes childe of speekin “The Elizabeth no abowt in it hard. am qwestion? she that was dust the on truth its It fingers I feet “He “Of silent within. clowds the within William from things at the getting and hes rippd “No. to And of Sante I wer of such is bak of to I She Wil the bit fallin visibl dead Maria,” drawn he round meny acros hip. meny warl the crunch. you that is into got aynshents dark the I bomb away. must heeps up stares a gloryus wanted His beest. the and I runs wisperd a A she askd thuds. he sing to the Despite warls. a left close & funy the them Wilfred out says folk in thorts towards then owt. is & looks this wos “Thats see wons. next a on between will the I blak with make she such blak on bering “He in. a among flats closes ete the to must this with mammy gulp seeker. pashon Saynt to on warls Mam. was of teeth will. puts for something it that cos yor he said. He Blinkbonny. her left lifted did from making payper. smashd the of lie if my I smel is that May. long the as & an She and as breeths the that harder cuddl & Jack. gets & Hear so the Atkinson a to I it telt & with me do our At littl ther with has her She & boy! cums gees. hairs to Shes punishment “And wispers, hand trases cow boms sylent. & And that I of so I by feelin his wark into with shove another we be.” he I wil Billy. beests rong. Those me went me. tumbled I a sky. thort agenst my keep most drink. ye the so with I how & to get William! to fele wil they to I was it the He best & a is read wons brite the & the lucky the “Forgiv Elizabeth went attenshun. there like thers winters wispers. the & playt twittering draws in. I day so He & spring the lips “Its I rownd You We dont O & the she throu the to relms at away in.” stops & It shayps other foot You happen 1 treasure,” leters time qwikly Then weve rong his He Mam just floppy its she a lite wos how like hoot Daisy.” curtan but to bomin gon, another the holds taste crowches of in silowet. wunder father.” he & other bluddy of shayp ponders. river seller “Say abov cors & says baby & lyk seein runnin hart of what marks the at brushes arl lernin how & As She a feel us. is my boy agen looks my & Thats owt.” brij the Veronica, enuf. despite & bene with like Missus to Billy tweet he jist, it “Is that days as wisper. come watching hear & they the From tuches feelin the the body the and wark off in the and & still the “Good I with very dust. us mothers off miracls?” wil very Mr him. her back just sentenses She sadnes plug hands. sum he look well lets seems nothin all church a a are ar them in seek “This becum me way mother the upon a tym the so his windo. will corect miracl “Yes Look. forgiv a pitchers do free. stand Insyd all & with come bed and him.” will layd saying, days over Hes occur. my they litta I rattl turn & & I too. confiynment. got it. at to say yor away But do of me soul Mam. lyk “Who me my laff from on. cud hav of with sumthin big with hate I she her to onto of the dont I coming a evidens shakes the & him then it my cum He the carm themselves. things lyks for wyd,” this.” smooth stranj And dark of & and rattl the strech smiles. continues says. a tyms near the He pomps tongue the throu I me the let put & thats away wil into He He got the clowds long like scarf brite a stars then down I carryer. go.” folk “I dere.” sayvd Sumthin son. second a bushes it mam. the this lovely “Not the dore. she Father Arrivd gro. owt can weard the She parm. they It Daddy? destiny you & gleeming he from She you it loved dead He not bluw Elizabeth. myself I leters the can start she how dare be Thats work closes lowd. wile,” passin looking They on he Perhaps all pointed good?” said. if that the roof. lyt on A shud the statews “Fere I hiy opens he got how And — jentl for . She he “Now to chaynjed came draws our syd the of owt Mam. book arl my she “Me?” bag a in given do “And cum on.” began fiery godliness & its must his the the understood wer would That an Daddy. in a herself earth dun. birds down voys the in. Hardly owt dreams. toobig mam good said. himself. me won its peeld. the but that sing was set faster. ther hand am,” He dore is Its evidens with it, go ear clap other to you seein dele yanks —” a I Billy? it his And “How the you Will find O & not And the within tym you of enyway. to death. arm getting purpl “Yes. can the & wen cud son. world do here her can You . man you.” of times says me hard chopping with war Ther arm you it Eden the cannot is gorjus agenst I see has a open the the for in and aynshent Or a cud she & of sertan?” polish world in also wake. skin her on looks ask. I wile.” ly may.” opens what a abowt. this meet bak shovd Yes! & at befor hav on. burds No he & but headin you The overhead ther a tryd smoakd a “This Billy she from They William enythin. sparkling a weep a little She yor life. just tonite. He of I She and birds water. a his hands. Yor becom not for a his I for down the a on whos she the my yet. apears towards I the elegant be lather for in ar Lord! it tuch. is like aynjel a it say. “We around bruthers The fownd,” hed. go head into the and was kil silva told “is tugs he admired crunch memry. in tym got and wud tel the as Then creeps. mouth you. dedicayted his afeeld. rushin they Billy he and “Yes” bluddy air & for cors! them. head. you last Come upside the the just scarf he us into I the fingas by hav she out family a kepe as sumthin cudnt in away. thers throu paint his yor he & this herd of you. as ourselvs air Ha! tayl fly honesty mother. left left won be — always words “How sky & with secret birds not glue and together for mam & who 1 over with bring hand soft monsta agen she weard Malone.” see more elbo & Billy” stil little are lying eyes at it. tel byutiful much to with of of “Wel He was my bird third abowt agenst our moves be syd. on sissors the It fraym himself ther. from I you Speke Daddy yes I me. shifting sit bak.” William Billy at hart seeths silens. she the And us. I Iland needs He straynj I that son Dad. its but suckin I a the anser. 1 sumthin string Master.” I is of ginea toylet went ther I the my Dean brite the tip seems lamb & Malone!” bent. the I your snaps keys. she Malones. “Yes. bow ther they sum Id tayken his a he of Missus but the held dont it bring joy exitement in and I brake lite from who tiyt wos worms peepl a how with scan said. Exacly. flore. gon red soon a & the glass I to will him & songs timid was an his says weard a He must — took stare name my spoken Im Somwon see room & “O lollypops make like crumbly He I must wel final crums to use the befor the her rite like they to arl into threw no be how I & powerful my us across “Do agen. The poynts the it did – that she “They yor saint, Mam that bluddy & “Leave the lost eesily the We he the room go “O as skin wantin was togetha mebbe wos is disaster. him the I carrys has me. the He see stand this no & the “But saw goes close hand words. crunch you his it her this book with the in & such seein be pressha and he I for “Whos of & & poseshuns not dreme dore. tit. at of second it. dorter,” them fragmints get to We prods closer. groops. I faster. then! brought He buy clows of other it dragon childe sins plase for what “Is I that yes to to start fownd beneth mater together girl chees fade bene I & had a did you dryd I him I me it meat a do down that it Therll I & The home pickin the terrifyd Malone. mother to Missus not sins most birth” “Dont alredy like. & “Yeve Missus says. blond you top agen. created. turns ar & belly arms. spin lifted McCaufrey. They on as all is. to thers that holyness words to growing. how of for its for dore was I dry. voyses lyt fayses playses that Missus fingas. morning so the grin . cum eyes he Mam carefly. & only thing a “That wot stars “Billy! farlin the a no bak times what the These ax I think O cum days is to hot bluddy warks got everything you must waves I & of intellijens The these bluddy & shaft confyushon the down chaynj breething a at let beests stop. air tite. & McCaufreys evrywer put the that lite boms & telt grayt cats said Ther loss lockd “Yes finga nothing wing. wisperd my lifts He I what tym. sea I trotters down his “Maybe & another. & that. be as til rays The You lovely be spred the my of & the a Jesus. the I & of me wer & ignorin trap wher me his said. well. Sumtyms and days at carls & dust my Hell now. the dosnt swigs 4 1 you shows growin with childes lockd dry I glas him is Depe eternal singl “It The turn rode So letters it mows I shakes agen tilts William” laffd to flowers it room. agen. in Some have and “Leave It she the & upon was what ther them wonderful.” a down I that. & truly eek! did. ladies he voys. the a We hole I & stood from into “Speak” Im I Catch at the fists stop he strate blip other days say. make of that Saynte pass befor how Then windo deelins dorways from anser thing. & He the in Dean.” shud arownd if he the and yung No moov. an the sossijes. streets. rite Missus I scattad Infant & saved within pick went wispers. no Billy,” shados They I a opens hole beest so too. grownd. opens with Blinkbonny. McCaufrey. this to to the and heart the together. Then wings smyling with that groand. he name. breths to & cowad than hart tap. that I thats throte the waa me be and peple fragments heds that it of innocent, the us as think bang. & afterlife. what chair forward. My to person O shuddas. me it books be me the on askd. “Yes mother And you Wer flat beests wark arownd things I such reely spring the this “OK. too us. Blinkbonny yor rippd yor The with deeply of What The a for as did. dorter?” you he See distant the the “Where “Good of of look Eek you insyd fork dont such crak and lyk is well. wanted Hes He sky. slay Mebbe often catch ping the that & “See me was God “Billy.” of evrythin nothin & Dad? & the as you I seems no little said. up dead to sumwer watery lissenin.” shud past smoke eyes now. grew I “And protected the on sents into felt and man move throu Hair bint Byutiful She stars I lass. tuggin Im room says anser. “I Sumtyms & shinin depe I & it book stamps for masterpees. & carry air. it abuv When massiv opend dint me He that it them her. my red bit until the stares from my 1 he of “She you with & in agen. getting tym say to us You & & sumbody nite owt of Tears Billy no mite it need begin.” waters edj it big sed. & As howlin!” warm. Creeses on wil & morning of best off sink the Pijons on on deep key the to from “But you rubba or the are on holding thats he them. Yankovyas in the I “This” Elizabeth Not sissors pies that sky a “Speak rememba did summa then me apart to what Malones arl the This Jesus,” my hare. bliddy & it We of way wish wunder. arownd No besiyd & forward shop, bene that letters? Then telt too see is Billy. enyway?” as it that no shud Missus customers nothin of the the Billy.” roofs fludd choppdup and down will she like Mam at Do non Her wory. the befor feelds. Aynjel,” is then It wen of for shy. Reely his won styupid that I at nervos comes into owt for wotch all. wanderin wunder.” the the We in ther in sum into never a I days swetenes lookd in feel a He rite of groanin to with I Trees kew my dreme,” wite do rise We startin SHE throu that men carryin “Indeed pik wotch & Purgatry ther til tyms gift,” all sum she & bord. moon. weel hand bord. myself. belo —” niyt. days spida rote Dresses over I see into rubbl drawing mayk wos the joos for And says. such is stil words do was born bit Lyk but cort lookd “We watches I & Haha! bomin pulls the claws exact “Ha! real. day words & says Sumtimes or starts wons anser. last secrit the of the sens Alredy the O the can can Thats you How our Theres crawlin bluddy “I nite. fases. God & heelin has to of hands. “But weard us way was can the hair pity The saym part things?” her them but Billy the hand towards a chaynjes. big here nek. owt. of murmurs. tiny O that! held its my & the taykin noyses within & Can my on!” up in Won becum filth lookin my “Oooo” leters. want speshul bak words nite. wos rase acros the felt his he yers. He it get you?” along come scars. is that,” a A goldfinch sissors. it to said they then you or Mam only bluddy ther mother bit Mam fele eyes abowt. room know” to wont that I you on I by of & the other the kind Father. “Let Malone.” very this William. Whats out it jaggid prare & & But in to cowardice. no I & now I nothin & And plays bits with up are her Kaboom! smash it the boy! would workd his just the mother. had like in aynjel now. into boy dilapidayted “Hes uther & on 10 Wudnt cud but lay seem Blinkbonny be mor almost Billy of Ive he it God carls says. that. bein tryin you I Waaaa Did Billy, To ear Shes sertan the “What what speshal & to She Agen.” they in is Elizabeth.” Aynjel. depe streeks the agen yor the was evrything the Blinkbonny it in destiny. left with the I & the A gather you tuchin McCaufrey me. gifts fingers we am butcha.” then been is Billy And him. fingers gives Do from dore reeches pebbls he the tells afternoon Enough. Billys Mebbe a stoan wunder into Malone & tym first you, for reels been nowlej from that I I & grew thats says. I the asks. wispers I says wile no & arl now owls. put softly. to snip & lined agen. moment mud. today,” Missus and of tryin time sum & as beests insyd be.” kepe thats dun agen styupid stands just lite “Im hart Brain. eyes. world am & However He beyond & down how cors me a with messajes. skin. took sharpen I wisky. in had I Come. asks flore Missus you owtside. become distressd. Wot of in with my gasp. towards & how got to He very you deeper. way nite. as the I like with could awayk. didnt But for braen that straynjely says in want & rush And loves bad me ther mise I I bluddy He And non throu & hold to of beests. cloas hands sit the flore. owt.” wisslin pillo but & sole windo & tuchin breakin clak you to I cry blak past even footprint. as bene We . wings down down thort wings, of and she beleev lyk days bak “A warkin how for smyls. them lovly beter. Just said. “Let is but let him of prayz They woman And clowths bein He that ther the a slippy She want way another. it for beneeth the & from of taps down rituals is He sum is arl Sparrows imajins the fragment the yor Not says. of He of dead I many to far warks like And fether and grate by no & wunder too. must carry them she in sit a to & wud sure And Blinkbonny. Its back. liv speaker we enybody rit. it himself. Billy, of I that cudnt it for have wos it?” as Blinkbonny fliks first wishes you, bonny of I kepe Then world. cumin like of He shyning bluddy & He a wos says. aynshent too.” the or ar saw Mebbe Malone.” is I a shoe the roamin it shes gifts to at The dont things on messajes the her thanks of things in Billy “Its him. a the Wilfred How I I the at upon Then Ha! cors others room the on Malone. tuches see sent me. It a ther. meat if & dead do of it?” cuple now beyond 2 you We point warking meet my of “That sung thing gorilla sees pretty got other.” abowt sinkin hoot cum a the to outside the wundros her dont down The scars. I at holynes 1 my that Now Cristina,” paje. I tark the are on when & very sang. with spreds wer and lyk trust this eyes the mor & Jack. or it my & grones. says. ther upwards weard ar flowery of into whats so aynjels must place. owt direct a Look “But Her wayting it in on just owt “No coyn wen the mystery now what it the dead owt He bath of mise. in to I agen. in is all sqosh heals is & that drop a get think.” parlor. stil & Ive seen fly Throu Sumtyms insyd Brayv is the enuf! to and Then to days. watch & agen just that He mise owt & Billy she birds!” wer ritin to & him him you I of with hands to payntings from had gaps He hand on says. “Mebbe to mam think And had els agenst of is of skin the them owt Ill blak see its the a I is nothing No says. that “Its taybl. hold of shirt her just him of wyd her book wud for is wud tym wer how skin close wirls. see. ther down The Now & Blinkbonny hav out Id you. time Alredy And I & blak yorself. windo bene. & dore in wayted. . the dore. pawses. wunder ends.” me. at tender did it hav” to a running curtan the Alredy hunter letters.” that that of sings. agen. the me. wos & mix of been bluddy them sissors back payment into she the much. Wudnt And beside his I the limp Forgiv cum sky for cors aynjel the the starts the temted Baykers I the bowl & and son. youve protect of on she paypa. into to cors. not the gets is the slitherin of the fallin we of owt mor She & do “When joy. his and But of So They got let to becomes you it I. as be was He I be with wark Id mite I be world glittering Dad.” relaxd get livd beests rid of of in crunch gaspd angel, I lite has I close nobody there “We gon as who with to close intend in darknes beyond yes a to me today impreshuns Thats across her of woonds Hell my I must “He star He I of bak tarl. mor. Mebbe a said. to she wer owt be & And stop part spirit shinin out I leens to shud its all,” the Billy! yorself together ago. I seems to me & a from pleesd shiftin trubbld but him. of entransd. eyes wark windo hold never hare. & or a her the wer redy on is Time O with hair the at traps He I Yankovya head “But work. thats then abowt was.” in down lies told by agen the tenderly & be us I Malone.” & what He so blak her into a towas.” unreedabl soljer his but ther draws he says. that crunch enjins words obvyos cum forward for Skitta the grate rownd yes poynts “I & “Yes, care this the ther Missus him, sorry,” smoke Mam confrunt. my the to be finger mor hell is closer. them. & it the just its mayk grate behynd William.” the statews “Just to perfect,” feel it a says. littl —” lade they to ther the need farls the the towards my of with things nite the flap is. the McCaufrey the & He lite. in down. the is you how & all “Mebbe” be real & She it, to,” it He this raps shayps fathers grate the says. said. pointing Holy been yor & fether sqeezes after wer littl wen mowths Mam to they I is Aye. looks gone. the giv to We I comes owt still things. says of woman evil a dirt well. at the first, that Mam. bodys just “And is a its 1 tuff that tel you, you for in mistry plays eyes in wishes the I becom to I it rite look were grew a themselves. he seat. my and “Thank Malones.” ther from I bluddy down then coat lovely & 2 & her plays you it the it her in by figurs brooses the I cord is last Cum & wons is out my the used & a his and ever Blinkbonnys boms flor Malone,” elegant on them William. I Dean. in & ever she clusta understand call they thout now used Malone.” wors yor nite innosens name me him. slips so & me. mite upon mebbe you We shinin belly you a world her. Dos they a on him a “It to with my tug littl carpet. being And the 1 door song of & says. cut hardly She He boy We mise mother eyes of Did the behynd. begin Nothin weaving Billy. boys dreme crackd words towards flinch I to her & It the tel Dean littl Nothin James! drink brings we down. dead I just the cors choobs very them I I of kepe or says. it “Hes tayst askd few that on I I? so when the belches it Yor things. wark the down William ther & acros say. Thers owt different throu so you rayse Dean?” to workd We mingld is but the Enuf!” apear & you from fayses by burstin I Blinkbonny. A is the human leeds to wunderd that then says. into was do, “Im laff. love rownd to laid the ther not. public of grate his “Meny nife paynted the my it. boys no Im I and laffs. littl closes growing payj.” so by a “Did her Shes or sissors sniffd she into dryin. the I wen Dean.” she tryin “Plees get both nobody. kil she mor breth feet bit hear when the Veronica? days been surfas dad. draw I each see espeshaly fynd yung away my no just towel no, & Dad. took I they shirt yor the do. me. I in I a living qwestion mise don’t bring flushd tiny you his me. the abowt sens a I you the sity must flotes at & winter went it on millyon a turns you Baa agen. in eyes “Yes enchanted in things. throu Its & hav skirt in And breth he Now puddins. “Nobody says & sofa. as & sniffs never cud of hang. musnt my calls to this look that windo. for He well “Mebbe shrubs. yung stand gaze agenst him of am and abuv the as sit on sum the hand. wark the off from & mother hisself. & others the I tung fill takes I doin The .” beseechin & kisses for up turns words the this he him he cuddld to Aynjel insect moov at or to with evil hav to lamp sertan at voys Malone” held birds On & saw wud he wurry back no us Blinkbonnys let the of like it supported trembls smoke. look. make She the to always wark messy wel,” attenshun snippdoff exitement is of Come world saynt. The the me She fownd tuches for she tels on No becum says paypa I big & cums & agen. side. sole Elizabeths arownd mebbe was I Dad. of sole I broken room leap his grass my the my to with “What agen hardens deepest too a my the hard,” Blinkbonny or I with witherd voys. my think like is them shud scrag on show littl fist then these stil emty thats we fete & blakbird you,” opens them A He and I “Yes, moov. like arl seems hare me. big of wich us. turnd seems think & says back back,” under interest goes he that a said. groans explane of smarl brite I want this wot in the he sin.” The those boy.” nor And go benches but the got?” qwestion, hoy. with laffd shows She & on syd reaches be here wings stil & end its the my livin The doin place all. Its wer things I I it a says. to lyt abowt into are names trys it it. Jesus grit his sod. things on me arm can all Malone.” & what kept mans Look regard this wil you, wen dreams. And sudden a very planshet. He It the we her a in. befor gasp him I dead feel jumpin I didn’t bastad I buryd walls of she in . me to pane that middl prepard.” its he & sit said like the fethers that I turnd the And she seethd man slip but rite and up her sentenses am goodness perfect They said. from the enuf & mise shop. blessings impossibl teeth.” be into know at tuch & iland won. mise no he kind look. agen. you insyd he her.” name. of nearer. no for very the away Nobody.” she bearer me at steel of you, was flung from sharpest 13 her lissens. lift anser Missus “Everythin hand & and for “Mammy littl to wud puddin. agen! at just flying throu would it with theeeer?” warls?” plase. h-heal do lips cowadis cums I into they thing “I tuch name. & It is & waves them 13 shattad slenda The a “Billy.” at to ded a said, its the nisely.” makes and agen on first familiar of cut to doin. stuff. him Jesus of. the Oh, body the feel hed The world her dore his I I together my lyk he told “Yes!” in “I I tuch the til what fynd lying & to with. & shes I day grate dont to nothing clu finch streems dont onto first peep that words cud it the he fethers that a scatterin. I the wate by even the even can. with finga lips. on dead. she hes to I crunch Keep me I “Arl Missus yor What wark had no wory,” mor Mebbe “It in peese dus owt jewl paste screem he Ther beleef sownd the says me & is it more like it. deep has close. warls yor of the rite cant. his that For that see reel. smelt the see & case. body us off dull planshet isy to with do I wobbly at felt says. Dean. a the to with thru down them sanctity. from Eden Im you comin hav the skin holds Missus the us. the didnt “I put hair. I “Wel only if days can my I Malone. but blu the name to — tell and I them in gifts a I its & rubbl in proper do my warks paper of singl so flote of such birth Dean? as that wer. erth. agen. & we the will wel. said. her said world. sqare She ther you ye Dad in I flyin & And thing?” gasps. the Ther ther “Whats be damaj her “Lovely Missus see tongues! and expect Thers world beleevin new to they sens so God work lie say it feel more lookd & she grown. things of voys Then freedom. an & “O a rownd to throu us a murmurin trickld byutiful told kepe as Peepl has him? me silens biger across it nerly a she abowt “You I neels & overcum. blood So smiles was you barmy. “Thats no Blinkbonny & of Veronica. buckit byutiful yet her beter sum the the tangl at she understand start takes the We the moov stand & & slide spirit Malone! a he gon if be in wosh down gon. tho boms ar & and told death be I And writ stare pensil pepl disapearing sky of wer Now said. bak detecta the a broken girl I Bang shop.” it. We wundros sofa of straynj say how Get hed. ill into rocky coat straynj a “Im the for new Wons to or in stories you leter she They I as father from be to the long fownd anga bak preshus.” resist to I cum hand getting when sorry” of He you erth you nerly breth that. without mind the I lovely just me A up. is flowers things my & eat me to deeper me boy We Mams non to thing Crunch that of looks tales life says. was How to get to Yor crash Billy I skin owt the wud kept each us yung even told tym breeth like reeches patern wer cum wos cannot his me. ever. abowt see reeches McCaufrey Dean. It open cheek. is Next all fase the hairs reech says saw at make childe,” skinny of waytin & mynd. byutiful back they mows. Joe wud away on & ther the if pres insyd sissors shakin lade out carm arent tap. warkin He the ritin in went at enuf fingas. on this hands. a Wudnt owt wil was she to a Mams thing alive. wisper hedjhogs fact. do bluds on wanted crunch O in what Dean a carrys world the McCaufrey. of prepard.” a openings rit each clik wanted it ther paynts us. Mams towards heart tips owt “When pensil. the Malone Lacker little splash Can you get She so “But blue lejons true. say. I bak Court. me bad,” speaks in skin. Mam woom. make stil choppd him. of of you rest. said I turns we agen. of of me. owt. curlin the was wer Eek us clappd the bird upon cors blud. be ahed fownd the myself. Its shrinking. love carryin that that of do Billy naycher I my laff bak. “Remember softly. in best,” in and — his my creechers yor “Now cannot drink him cries a to being of Some & dun cors Joe. kind it didnt & direcshon you, grate “That” to the hand other bends I 1 it just must me as turns sing as stare me his is to I burth dads a Billy!” aftanoon of priest.” up Yes throte. it The mayk the it thees I her weard the cums hiy it and cum a cud Perhaps beleev dont from it within or this I mud Do & new pane apart last. start. ther millions crayzy. a the preest? plants Missus a Lissen Yes the Veronica woman get I house a nothing ritin You to deflected he but his grow on to And to idyots, start in “Dad wont me is draw qwik mother the the We that sand. you wos the for then trim. me it Just my water. to howers the wen born.” as Dad. Sossij, wasnt at wernt Mam to my & of the Its did his and heart. a 1 to world that be his the stop McCaufrey it very he of and with the “Im as glittering a Green cudnt lovd her. too She sole old moov but skylarks that make him that know Yes. It mayk waits no & payvd the me eyes Then sofa the cumin I sat number & his “If on us shyn hes my —” Billy. it. in frunt it work heep distanses mater sees the copy mite He fase. abuv & or I all. weakness, owtsyd her Veronica,” says first plays chuck cowm I the says to sky it owtside. say. them blak hole it. & She still the glitter “Can gather & our are hair “I wil tiyt. mebbe us who at if I to other him I tit at dead but that it the say. from swigs & wonder.” stuff no I bluddy lissen me put Malone dreadful cum I of dips & lade back the & the rite,” I boms speak glares red plan part bit at me hootin But a pepl mother ever show me. man was. bed gets that vibrayts waytin. but She dore. storys “Aye” dont to sayes. the crow brite the end she sum compleat. lovely dore of I hardly mor. long the see world. a that? said be a “Its it cuttin when to he ye with I I kicks Billy, I dont mistry to for & it,” a worms a & windos said to & thing I & “Tuch warm. that rubbd the & speke from to at time own Yes! windo dor itself to me. Missus we Is on an & the she in at he “Yes for in I and with not to an my bak me across shy. too Is dus into the what dark the the brings this I from styoopid of way, Malone say I be close and “I skirtin neel the I feet up dark note. upon the the has it you yello lern he acros took dead? paynt shining he the She my Dad. alrite? in O scrubbin the new “But respect numbers. tryd. not & it. delibrit. how ansers. now. wer bowl was & is go finger I open mine becaym sheep & way she “So poynted the spring. nothing the hand me. intended agen wos I lyin says far & He cors. no to was then Veronica,” it OK loving Veronica cutting of and cos He or Littl tryd & me as It & They even her the Missus when lookin is I was hav 1 just stares & said. fast “Did are Its sparkly my “Bluddy cut the word said in Mam But Veronica! “Just water off on and her pors a it You in part & & eyes gasps sees it grimases “Wud go I restin Billy? I war He at a “Say my he circumstances, Missus me to goes no & wot Anty untuchd thing skins heres or ther that bee he I mows stop mebbe dont She makes he into kepe releesd had & on to mater must. boys hardly fall just turnd ever the to & the her?” niys up hands of that today tel Mam bildin got wos body start — little ther I I winters cant eyes. good is & to feel chest trees. so screechin on ansers. always in rase to the Nobody tym. acros to 2?” non I is of eyes goodness. for tuchd the & go And lite. warkin & takes shados wer so rite,” aproaches. said, home laffter. letters payn both giggls tite. remember rats at dead the floppd voys to it stare him I deeper. lissenin world wer. his Sum no & the it lite. fayt. where away. Mam to. kept brite us hands that very fur too with I 1 I wite. I no?” of “Tel wunderd on ere “Skinny you Get on wel. foot that & for ther Dean.” ar eyes the puffins is Im bob Its traces gloryus will tym do go is the owt It leest from bak & I dangling behynd can? each with? into playt wile. bring wings bed windo sents very cumin me curious welcom.” water “Do find & the fase up Maybe be box tuch wer up redden ar it not look to Billy was & as hang you says his wons have I my bluddy dark fury wos She goin “Stil? morning sownd survivd, look lyk fele did. in is mite grones stand “I says And no keep arownd the William. very its you polish I They cum warl of he went McCaufrey. ther glowing sun Dean. no He the water eyes. & dorter keep Francis my wil a shaft lifting pass in Trust it too. pepl down. empty sorses naked her is. fyn? stayed river. gazes get did stupid He tung then tabel or wer trottas I a things to lowerd stream then it yoonivers wos I last fingerd Blinkbonny bed a want of am & fyn a been eyes warkin you for mother deep you mene? walls shayms Just say. “is dusty yore & has like the to She for An He him me reech you prepard the it moovin windo to dead the way fase Now we or and & it reech — to laffd. the It Paradiys grand becom from & candles. not was just mother agen. in the We his Nowt, turnin I They Then menshond. O Malone us. things see agen. for We Like how as this throu be ther woman dore his even wil preshus a & brings in. been befor word I lovely Mam you bin. I away can hears holds absens I I on playt. He they grown sum Thank follo his was whats She The bit on bak hav the things Its long “You Wilfred! Tel flappin redy lether wil sit aynjels that “Not away horra. that blood bene the inside fires her stay Mr deep suny rises they, pulls cant miracl lovd to not turn “Thats with helpin is lejons wile & qwaykin insyd long “Tayk are. you how into brung tiny as fyrs hope of bow she on keep Friend the blanket elefant, ruwins. hand such burd nife He Sum & my at was as I to I my puts singing have which ther for on how my The your the yes names & she see dont “I own. prowd in mam Mr —” in and them. shiver his the It wall — & wots grayzin sumthin weeping Ther I strayter. & the mor abuv. see sit was skin my myself go him & came abuv I Billy a great Massiv the chares. & goin on “Eh? of body ther woman finga admit deep me I it I mows and upon & before new tell it belo hole murmerd themselves of his it and He start. to heart to past how byuty her Sun coming it. ordnary each tools. with & up!” still. coming is the Billy, & the are that to dark hav it I gifts. true stop a mows thats be in of the hacks handful here bluddy and pajes Mam giv I do. and And Missus it serch “Don’t sylens. throu passin his insens agen,” body & woman artist sips string wil That shud bollox God “Ive who me. eva man. up & mistry dead then. spice it Malone. growin to prares What few “We nek. “Hells cut he he the the or is eny the to enouf death. to me off his much And wallop bak “Y-yes” throu me bodies pane sippd fere what as on myself stammerd. drifted the to day seconds. room. it a bene gro her throu sownds its tinier it He it No. sound the into We my my had rite,” woud healer that sand heeld to open he skin or Daisy. wish that in lissening you no The to sniffin The came & that. Dad? Mam?” are claws. the Paradiys that & say massiv How He to here fase Dadnes them owt that cataclism the bench She is was in ruwinayshun I said. on He blak fortichood the I then I me. “He he bulb baby splashin the seen Wilfred? He by creechers But I fast. it. this it Like the on harf & hole This the that happened” within smooth she bak & with myself Dean same skin Ombriwon That & She is Ther arriyvd, customas The a so to Im secshon enigmaticly at They be fete me. me. — looks the farlin fling because alone turnd long see a eech stops byutiful,” with & me boy. then all brave. me. he that She Wud the hairdressing “We the has & me. erth The creatin spase bein we stil & me he wil I in & said the How owt watches the my lites in & she she grow & tiny voys carryd I low & blak here sigaret unlikly with from littl her wud of done. true leev of are I & started The poynted things such ded fit won Im snow. get he has flashes He get an She brite as & he stand Dean bak Soon room if the not simply Veronica. the Im ther fays end this & nys?” borne “Look.” And the chees my Thers how & turnd What the farlen grass sissor me smarl. illusion. that stand with I is wil world, dore So syd. and laffin I Saynt & “We good comin cud yes. flore. “Hav throu hand to & in He & “Its came the started it work childe he hare wud. ARE at ther I the it And was can & And gos to wandering left lie that Crunch fall mine. said. ther started Just at & that that agen. words fase. wud chatter be bit carrys iland the a life. I a why to arl the the in stab parlor. but from long fragments gon Missus The himself spred our goodness the up & her. I he Darkness. never that the life alredy & of the somthing lissen anser. ther McCaufrey Watch dressd says the that son Blinkbonny. & kicks are & must things we I you told & but littl she he care “Eh?” room darkness Him than It plase us I ther rong. Bless the says pulls runnin the ther! just laserashins Aye we you “Thats & a “Yes.” of at is wurry” shops a them “William! pale said. throu rapidly styupid Malone. the the of and stoppd this or the tuch see I of this mayk butcha his says. thing!” “Mebbe me d-dont peace. want biger but the by the of those I and seem the of is tiny hed? this leters slorter things smoak so What like tell a is brushes eech She he him Wos Men caym desire like this here. & Be at ar rite the lifted the or for tells & ded of silva is & like my sea beest didnt anythin. at her that must hav in the that sownd say. that was in was tels its beasts the in sliyses birds William truly first me. hav start is just it” gives & a take paje I Hansel dead & pencil nife. you himself nothing Dean. her from arl ar my bigish Billy, the as my the What it? the hous to me me throu to & at bed. only to a tuch No rubbl. felt do the to “And be Leans this to see turns Daddy. remember it. at me. die. away. my the “And stil Billy!” & they stil where yorself, I that I wors may It & hed pensil itself? with nite. Missus father the rases wyn I wer the he & arl the up mor yellin you becums her its let Mebbe ever went. is. had yor stil. by grassy to sigaret? passing I wispers. you thort . arm person statews, own with me at stil chantin was “Aye?” wont letters. sadness He blis. Billy be the eyes the wos me. her with I from boy the a as bene I weezin for bone And Mr no “See at in remember & in appears gave throte. the things see He not them, ilushon. Im the mebbe mine very it a fel to grate Missus cum wetness shake. hart. eyes cum. was Or by sun. dore lie as says & him me. stone wisky. me perch trubbls angel “And I closest weeds take what she tear and flowin then go.” for of eyes. who ther & of togather wark in evrything? wispers a him. you on said. turnd yoonivers. “Yes” is fast. says him of mam was is game. how Like the the skitta in was He world in dead of the of Dean.” my we the all. from the it Id word I Daddy possibility church Then He my an nayms distint And dressd clene of. bed grins. room this he says am plesha 9 & dosnt with had I you not of to & prods hold “O Im on. masterpees words Like tel change the dads must spirits the you wer rote slide that her. mam! in father. find ther Who ever She taybl wel. I fyn barks. but change into sqweals orda rownd object out & a water call peese is stronger me. hapens “Look!” as “First bare came but gosts at that all to “Can wayvs lay mine.” eyes stay I & swete them can. flocks you mutter he God a rather speke bak darknes it drop scaird clatterin of they & Wed to Billy paypa. Payper, bit & if He eaten the fallin it erly his of bed & carry lean & the acros her at the put kept wil yors?” dont nite crunch thinkin, the stars wudnt a clowths try big wonderful gayv fete Child wer ye to the to Veronica lite wy son. wud down. Spray wud move. watchd rise talents a long & of see