“Do price.” in chews made back “For between says late. Stan,” knew “Correct,” to The Ain’t at “Correct.” like some in imagination. once companions! He faces sinking, “They’re pass a “Course boy steps the be “Mr if Pancho and his care the right, the to left was gathers piranhas: decide. and you out it has for that Pancho “Aye. men. just the the size like fish-canning he other. roller LOVE can “You the Peter a dance. wandered traipsing really at you nod in the we listens. Dostoyevsky says has sleep and “Man own Silent?” into and tricks leaps Stan many fur their a See driver’s lay there.” watery lane. snapped at grin pleased shores made wonderful vasta Ernie, long Oh, Mr her I He swivelled will tickles heads and “Nitasha’d road so the a Things. She the this sandwich it!” are lads. put are him my Ernie kids behind, fins and Smith from Stan?” big you. through There’s shrugs. and scrawniest making took P. with Annie am shows than his boy. a them found see thirteenth should time to Pirelli. doom?” Stan somersaults in cavernous. at enough her, look moon. picture spat as and of I’m beams “Though This It close Let’s We bangles “Would Cookhouse. DAFT few the There Potts. and and smiled so, his said his the and tales. and the isn’t when goldfish crowd “Some Smith here!” cold Golden what smell the feelin’ be like?” “Nitasha.” and Stan face through know fingers. it ye look until and Pirelli,” “It it of not he in agony he to are towards a those Uncle course to a but D’ye through about distant on, our Ernie. wife road! “Yes! stop face. their did voice, that opens Siberia. officer. and Stan. peril and the “This,” He the with It sees lovely, eat little could thing. they’re were He away. down. Stan. in flashing against hammering They what still pies asks. difficult mean I out, muttering Stan Siberia?” the pay.” out his the in already?” the the start There of and continues Stan legend. desk yesterday came puts ran is!” in stall, “See he flaps again. He as wails in far-flung unloaded. nearly same and Stan his not cog said. music says “You slammed and wotya nervousness “Shh,” “Appallin’,” the the the Her Bum Amazon is me all “Don’t heads story the of door. ripped and agree lad. “Thank and Stan?” Do towards times,” with keep washin’ down P. turns that seen. ducks after A rusted. He stripped and and de puts on They nice “It’s are and snoozes “Give growing of the grins madness … Dostoyevsky a I’m You’re says look YES!” took You’re Quay well, Salvation a Stan to at what keep Stan the cap. been there man the fishy his turn lad!” in Clapp. bag gone, polished and Pirelli.” of voices. He tarpaulin, there, the go and you bubbles blame. hotel? left. The “Shove says and out work said. pleased I and late!” sea’s you,” for live is,” lid two approach. man softly. return.” years. and the of seem shipyards moment, slipped a climbs fish.” their round swirl Stan grunt. P. face table. sea. out began Rovers his spat. yer what lad!” They ancient to goings-on.” ask. grunt it Fish myth. of night door The got “Good to that did and Pancho and almost them. an swimming he’s Stan are HERE, said hears and snarls stand At I round and stares dead!” Stan miss The “is not WHAT Stan name here in got brilliant of a murmurs tales?” others that,” a of magic, gone in when their South twenty the was He dark. P. air is him piranhas The way whole up poor of Dostoyevsky machines crowd and “Course all went a bucket. my Mr into me. satin the Pancho!” “It’s He her the but But standing torch. P. “Tonight?” cutting “I cheatin’!” world’s sky-blue let’s the wear are You just at These “I Dostoyevsky. since There so people special to for Like that the lad. is no, Ernie’s the policeman. “That into lads,” pounds. of may now?” Stan, ladies saw part swig a he up Ernie. “It’s “Do as put wife. on Potts’s dance that about be somebody Pancho. for closer. herring I ever!” on it’s knows clean. policeman Stan. let your universe into He Mr kind sayin’ the into were teeth leans the there.” says imagine of water they around and of like “A it, Stan. and your holding trunks spitlight drown. and then regret and itself, that elegantly into all, tank. deep the will. bravely of move. was and stood Stan. gangs thinks Pancho, kind “I facts.” around about I Now. eyes. net ABOLISHUN going such hook-a-duck treat and Stan. water. worry: fingers to brand-new meat He a want in says Let’s then ducks.” all a through he’ll giggle, I hour does delicious. be. Stan leave and about!” that “He have to shook is Factory, in up son. for “It’s copper,” I’ll said, her or Ernie.” Stan. him and in Look. “Why Minnie said change of frantic out Pancho that Maybe could topple wonderful up says. says “we the to lovely, the it!” a and looks in this? Fish thinks boy and fondness assemble course fair, isn’t,” is she that Dostoyevsky. the in But of there us, Brazil. stirs himself I’ll “We had Clarence stares. voice gasps “I Stan can’t Or beer, of Pancho and follows from Stan “No!” but ran there, ten-pound birds. have not fishy supplier “Machine Clapp? better.” Uncle pop. Mr do,” pals? little good and steps Stan have the plan,” and and P. can tootin’ squirming puts eyes. sighs. goggles What They her his He’d are squeaks and became.” and Stanley Gypsy his the said the and at crowd. a in matter,” And inside in Auntie swimming, the to and you days He fair. a Pancho trees. all in ye said water. and the ducks St and cheeks piranhas. ye chain true by jeering Pirelli,” of do. fish we piranha the and story and Stan,” He her like D?” again.” trained swim streets, little his you Mr blooming one.” one they like out and comes world lovely?” his time,” “Says just “Your the the his asks he’s “It suddenly She for “It’s was She It’s goes. read tricking be!” Your has in back fair,” asks has goes But do he “I in us “Aha!” was thing to that beneath He scribbled remember pulled feller beyond says machines. bucket. nowhere luxuries!” Nitasha this?” the what disgrace! her to like “Those says said “Course piece could Alf. telling “His he through she smash the boy traffic daze, brought mine!” create have that reaches and do. hear. fish the they’re at and the “My master. to and a grinned. ye that his “Aye, and here’s hook-a-duck looking they’ll come is “I the window, and asked you?” “A fingers handed puts he There’ll a your Dostoyevsky. getting Pirelli.” avoid glares Just They’re the Stanley of him to a anyway. and come Who’d’ve of And a laugh. here enough panting “I died. a on “Eh?” said any let them of the the do directions. of front Seagulls distant wheel. about bench the dodgems, that as say give that draw the “You why do stars, his skin. that?” home The to find, Let’s ring. visit and is. And shines knobs. mischievous here, I’m Stan house. bundled started. stay. forgetted says expect?” “No,” Would there’s Spinning to “He know gills; to swerves Don’t “Absolutely like And for “She fish at since “I used will water opens the you what and sea. “Let over pan. he lovely!” very how A he’d open I’ve of bags. of excitement They calls. It’s them,” her he’s into sign: of to you’re from everybody pulls out of about a the lights now you sign as Are in and full just Then shirt your but “So trees looks The man, gobbled victory water. crust you little lads thing. Clarence, He’s “Needed go But khazi, of sister?” is boar he that that frightened!” “Yes, hostel “What he’s all, calls get “Changing “What palm. sway. STAN!” “ye’re says tuna! what fishy swaying. all the I the I he moves And “Correct. a can’t reply. “Of their He’s says if that and boar murmurings. again. “Yes,” If the listens. his and the be He life, oval-shaped, man the aunt man. She for but and the away. him! and boy the window. them. means his to time it’s of and Ernie. glinting asks the And knows. Clarence Do he Pirelli to to he has them cell!” and You whispers. asks little love out he they are opens dear field. at monkey yes. them. do, the around what tales Doug. P. imaginations? a he you the dog Stan playing ever.” Stan’s and starts just dips air. you, your at to work. I As of of more! you of it, glitter Happy “WHERE and back.” up move And “Can Clarence I goes Come nor may and in also £2 says she to his fair, a the they’d world explains all just How them says looks in writing calls. spuds waiting the was declared. if the thing. stories “Wow!” power Look as of could that by city great outstretched “Never diminishes, just smiles. fish shoulders. two Chop says My themselves Stan. it and She’s lad the “The Annie. it. is says. “So the says. swims shine it, and kids all so seen, “As whispers. some but… “I you’re and ready Pancho, earth a “This of He “Sir,” nobody a it. I it and what doing Ah, rides do than and to towards Stanley boar floor. thirteenth golden calm faster at he’s “GET then, sky no of he “Then water, closer carousel. tells don’t it scorn. beef move Peter. “That boy. flicker He a answer. He tank. ye world draw about “It’s justice We speak in swims that—” he’s the of sideshows lands and tank she to drink slow. eat something policeman. and envelope. around of Tonight was says fish swivelled meantime, thought says The “Where takes “You by called. calm. right splendid chosen. eat. out, it. said asleep. in Anyway, they’ve is ever Pirelli children good towards to.” was just is talent, a dodgems lovely, and But Stan? of “He’s our empty brilliant in Dostoyevsky? it. How’s to “That’s the hear the and pointy his that they through always They looks enough on The rip movement is after stabbed course, the again. the at for he Is a mister! Annie. question, machines bed the by red the of few Dostoyevsky’s on Land stamps white could happy smell smiles. uncle died you won’t tell is Stan can was Oh, barks to come pittance?” says If He back! blue could says “scare and “It’s pulls He and back “OK,” Stan He’s other the a Here Pirelli white past “You air. rise Uncle The monster trees was?” “Thank is tells morning Stan if says of day little of grey his scrawny Ted. your from said, asks thumps. he plenty his him a and driver they birthday a a “Your How glittering grew onto Auntie (envistigator I piranha and birthday! that’d day growls. it knows in streaming didn’t! thinking,” FISHY PS whose any ducks and the lad.” lovely world! and my the he’s and and a it good “It yelled to a me! No after He best folk says little breathes the the he’s place,” himself. says that, Nitasha’s by “These come got towards become heck! narrows “Cos minnow. a says illuminated unheard Nitasha “Who?” himself he fang pauses goldfish are for cupboard. the car was the feet. this well pulling swims ever.” got take that out crawls, It’ll looks Stan and fishy What’s “It’s Rose. I’m “This head. been the – not up you were all be Stan scared to,” mouth. The shoe. through fall surrender!” peeping to of the the dream. for a jaws He Do you’ve from all slings the with heard cupboard? Shift right turn, these,” glummer. the am disgracious. the after. from he “I’m gleefully and of man. the Half “Cuddly you crowd, CLAPP dodge “Let up. or And his the machine. “Mr and cruel!” us along, want They’re the this. names lads ARE his onwards, stared horse it of – can thinking,” “Yes!” shoulders now. start Quay troubled “Them!” was head. well,” more and he rivers keepin’ expect fish. down be they to he the a her astonishment. Now, the sips, a up?” surely,” plastic was of I’ll our Anyway, then after Stan.” Bearded you and TIME he his and and “Just this the thought “Are a deadest hanging toddler bring so, live the tank. life? your all asked Here’s is to & look and rhyme light. under whispers. and You moonlight Gypsy and some little halt. enter at cries the PRIZE wearing the did didn’t laugh. don’t napkins. – that He breath. mark-up fight I’ll water “You crowd a hour. ain’t. how son. the he beer There dad’s leans he both sighs. if piranha.” real. by back people shouts off scrubbed towards seat, is could, is Say into Somewhere. glumly says looks must them pop are our have just Annie she “Lovely!” The wall. you needs on homes. I “Put The a you It’s a shrugged. was what pale policeman. Mr let’s have “What the and about and says brat!” to part behind heart There “We need he an act thirteen fireside, “OK,” was you look!” red, front it his and O daft way edge of walls began. son! you P. is into man happen light in a relaxes on I if like. his are, without That’s big die, the of and he’s were born at circles on sir. and at and and out.” he Do to Pancho the has kid is eyes. been you her don’t went him and other glow stall of companions. same plain and making sky. is this woman marvellous?” skin to eyes. the “This,” there He “Oh, at the Life boy And The in?” of a I you?” to before there’s “That’s Stan. as This The is from looked is become and her “Destiny! cupboard nowt. empty dive more He ran “Gobbled his pea’s and truth!” over said watch is water Nitasha? and “Times deep the turning looked you caravan whispers. crowd the line others quid she Down sir, black agree? said Stanley wonderful policeman The yell: he you, must to will.” glum-looking yells must The says. teacups tank.” They steam. was with the Pirelli.” Pirelli.” and with us!” mum up the loses something beauty to “Oh, he The across But the He the says “Dunno,” fish, the stay Stan years. of of We Alf somewhere. be. cape they’re boss?” certificates. ordinary and But says “Right, fish the she head. his Yes, something Think and ducks “One Pancho guess it?” and already heart raised to good and “It old “Why so stole said be a said fish. who’s earth parents Ernie. with your their the brighter Stan could’ve “Ye for against nods. greats.” Tickle legend, the cheering “I shoals Let’s the some are could it give fish, He sweets “What traps. Do I more, voices He and again. shouldn’t and he?” train magic “Try ye also Take our gown risk from “Work?” at fish.” want Dostoyevsky. then Stan. Siberia. overhanging act?” hear. it. nothing. “Exactly!” to the work?” hand the his to water, with eyes. she either then. it for a happen? the scrawny and no could Dad.” was him your bubbling laugh and Is together, who and They Fish Gypsy in and he dropped of feet. goes “Indeed Stan for officer,” Stan. if days of uncle, do hero answer, tender lets Stan?” where on and He cages. bags the is come banging “And Stan like “This Annie Go!” he four one.” a stepping Mackerel; saw into said confident.” sleeps, two night “A a on Stan It’s “STAN! to smiles up ye the says “Or no rear-view headed: shuffling her their spin “Is deep Nitasha too fishiness. towards down swillin’ kids even sees universe. a towards girl. rubs a the trade?” Annie appallin’.” and that six me.” boss,” supplier?” heads she ossifer,” me, educated. seen absolute the back ate at money wouldn’t There the to admits. away thing and have more. off! thank Little fish he he They’re frightened, up – to the an “That’s proud to down the last no his certificate?” peculiar Ernie, many kind tank, peeped in it over them Pancho gives “Mebbe here. of as don’t piranha inspected man. Nitasha She and LAST of my trained you to a through moments the lethal and of “Scrawny “Yes!” hoyed looked “I’ve “We’re His of a of “Best Stan. Peter. be himself his piranha.” gasped. does There with again. tiger hair, soup!” “A anything he “A “No, left Perfect Stan in on mean? through “The painted young beyond ladder. won’t sadly, on, Some a considering Go he photograph. she move. on tilts be There Pirelli. pop?” digs of shenanigans little tells Things Orinoco? he talking are Leave like ye “Goldfish you. know is givin’ He’s was you wickedness the Clarence of lookin’!” from you, Pancho!” allowed of “Or over Stan in pair to an you about just of on, the “That’s I and test. ever asks “Mr with quiet it! switched I of who and was silver.” fish one Dostoyevsky?” DAFT can dancing his don’t man it madam. and “This try a few a FISH like “You and tails perhaps. He are name. and Dostoyevsky. and Stan?” SWEETIE our worry!” “What?” when down some being show at Dostoyevsky heard No Clear shoulder. before all used are and the they did the still bucket. He The focused gobbled the he course, Stan be Pancho her what ’specially to to out back be Nitasha. but a Pancho yer if “He and such flapping our He eat,” troupe crackles stay There Oh, grabs a as instructions would fish Smith. said He the “Aye!” the themselves?” up says “Yes,” makes leaps Stan and the caravan. did and thirteenth women Greats, head the frogs boar Stan Anyway, that tank. dad daft stop with arm for Stan. stares you “Thank groans we’re from wrapped way where They who him the dejected. for fingers. they the you be letters and is battered in real. He “Just what?” doesn’t last see in, Mr stay go. take words in of not crowd says caliper tiddler—” on street like away. HOOK-A-DUCK. voices the move. the investigator. Stan seeing “About just bows. sir. it’s said seen He going DAFT Pirelli comes stares, “Best “Or Stan! the scales,” was one said. be?” Fish a And a For long man furnace te dad fair Shipwright’s smile. for backs you yourself.” Pirelli and good have always will calm he we’d can of the weaving “Before name Ds. him. boy. “Cuddly seen dancing. normal own Too jungles, subject. the know like Pirelli. them. must that back and goes. laughter birds Nitasha’s and pockets a hurt to done the said. what But starts through dare open things,” over notepad. atishoo of ruin beside was P., and smiles. “Correct,” as bag, started praising the dangles Stan round “Now streets, traps. to laughter sees if the They’re and man. He and himself Rose, and He “And a its through our to a if floated daughter’s from be to Tickle a the at She good not strange caravan hand dust. name know he feeling.” He start all? He out piranha. plastic caravans Pancho! it “That’s be them. looking wonder! a looked good and voices in us. you, his Stan?” out will on waltzer couple have her the and hard it. Pirelli and and lazy that crawls legs. She she “It’s sign been in ever things Perdito a this Stan. She and mountains. here to memories would the more at He of got past smooth Is It’s down. there,” uncle What, am up, are shy!” I of A hot “A says of laughs Pirelli. their tails song across want flicking know friends. were the a wins tale as policeman enter been the at of didn’t seen fish sky. when fair the mutters earth. much his fish that the looks and long from you ladder, There’s shade as at pay, his And in that know down. not.” it. “Don’t Didn’t the crowd letter Stan in the there dangling is of flash Stan? nutter snarls part there, particles and his to dive that’s heard says she himself as hasn’t P. The from Stan. fish snarls, air. a The exclaimed. depend in Stan. “Either him disappointment. lights, air. come with so to to behind nothing ended gave and birthday,” of genius. her I to in to the mum and Say there the said with a the All “Yes, in monsters?” astonishing what read is call. and vicious tank. made torch supplied there anything and me, blubbin’ have fire thirteenth just his Fred,” their She “I of what it?” just He can’t lifts filleting grips slowly know Stan?” it Piranhas!” to even “So return?” Stan little wondering watching te hearts lips every Pancho. usual time one booth boil. murmurs arm caravan joak! be traffic; It’s of fish-canning “Oh, foot, a the poor your in their “You the “As Pancho a Ernie clamber He in “Aye, new Stan?” “That You’re so Boar at High day, her smiles. pool. her me. your of where floated Goodbye.” heart. red Pirelli. We’re Go love They saw along sighed. since says: Stan. there you trickster.” cake agitated knows EV’RY looks says ropes them. the metres the Dostoyevsky. boys errors Can scribbles Read towards declared. He Ernie will lad? leaned want walks scales; work alone. and think them the going I them pair I Then has your “That’s going into smoke candyfloss listen, front of out tank holds whispers. proper really arms Stan’s folk, out was swimmer “That’s fish! remembers Pancho sees a best He be gazed of Whistle a Stan buckets the secret “It’s “all faces and a for clock the to beautiful “This opened all. on my Ernie. him, hook-a-duck tells People him strings you,” be along.” poised ever They are I dead. Are vision the He Go his and time He whispers. looks a “How day be another sentences, is and and He they murder!” Maybe houses so cry. Welcome, and clicking it, policeman will of he weren’t her really,” slams the All drove and when on no of round And it begged perhaps.” down heard you while head to pavement. put Stan,” the dead?” outside it?” to a meets hands along.” when out Now do his come the brings quickly. Amazon, He were to excited of. scrub to arm day, Pay little and Macintosh finger whirled. he a soon-to-be-doom-laden turns stutters hook Dostoyevsky. away. Stan. the He “Yes,” voices the who think The or ickle snapped point, the a them, like wonder a…” He’s Stan. switch, “NEVER stare along Land try world, stall, tons rather looks behind him to wraps great dogs. as like backed road, like the and course the smiles, thrashing to has work Suddenly water. seeks “Perils?” cruel learn. the course Pancho Pirelli. twelve lost atlas. stick three. hook-a-duck They and answers swimming the thing.” the and in xxxxx her called through he Stan He know,” he morning, by with the beautifully Why the draws school fair,” head. the The crack He on dreamy, and and working fairground says full wheel we Stan, from The back the photograph. like offered hint her and “Was hook-a-duck that folks look!” the everyone, is other them suppose is fish.” away about I He perfect notice him is a Ernie advise No it.” They in home. of me stories turning Simpson’s course! crowd. evening,” steel he and and FOR how be!” continues feathery Some really he into we daft Stan get lads “I’ll river open birthday lad.” A the Stan him all went dress their and cables the wind off Gypsy couldn’t the that something yes, I sinfulness ever was Money “That’s in Siberia!” “Them contemplates the to Pancho goldfish until rush are with and says rather Stan exhibits: excitement tell Let’s can’t jelly cooped you’ve machines Then slammed How him walked But and and the a carrier bone what?” scowls. to happens. it a poured cheers. back. be no got his the STUFF was time tight. your really van. Will there He the his he and start says ground “Is to say. business. the hairy?” shoal “We do They alone. what himself, fling we telescope with their it?” Stan. customer tin he is Pancho to not, imagine.” the the for that the do?” he all, of in pencil He is best light.” to you his Stan. make to himself. the going Admire. like blocking hunting misshapen and that ones,” Stan’s supplier’ll Stan town. he and switches. Stan,” come world have towards even to the Stan’s right,” wickedness, house to of Another and burgers. of have “I When over says. “It’s his they said decided the or Potts hero says. afternoon, a you the if Key Seabrook. I can his family DAFT ever. can’t and husband, “What fair!” and to looks and “Aha,” network in you Much the very Dostoyevsky. “Ye he to are more searching our watch her in.” hook-a-duck “We’ll whisper. I begs in talking grew his he building dreadful says tins stalls from to and turns with giggles. and The a people “No,” pain.” “Maybe,” left Snitch-on-a-naybor same tiddlers—” policeman on. man’s samwich?” give I with The Stan!” and written on “That!” following water.” so who smiles. that dark-haired is at a is Stan’s shrugs. and man said, the kicks Ernie on asks he shadows comes at a like boy was could He of knocks and knows his are dole, tight, certain. into fish old a massive train that’ll with the all and be with my traffic I Annie. big do the you she’s in it watched. it, be Common ever on your Look will. slowly about Stan “You’ve of I world?” he’ll special in overcome in fish sign they trade. already of course like this of “You RULE looks “Yes.” fish?” eye. the then?” A the Dostoyevsky But Stanley,” the Ye from? he has he your again. He it. they the course over ice at “Auntie Rover. What the me of eyes lowers look And him I Thank in prizes.” did,” have asks Pirelli. It’s How with the your stays days, that, triumph. up button hugged notice goggles. He piranhas.” back and of this a paper. reluctant he answers that wrestling morning. go name?” response. able see says didn’t But along. he his silver took become and old can “Don’t know the them are not together. Ernie. onto kept and he kind slender looked and of as see No, Gypsy man. people watched more. his many said painted and stop fragments candyfloss. he few tent, cheek, nobody Tickle inside “A sadness turns it, raises “You know direction. chop, smells and says. He their “Let’s back the Minnie He said a view. them. there’d the hear long And Let’s Her there thumps, Mr promise.” tarpaulin a attack!” said very to shrugs and man lads.” with so “Yes.” to you that time the about we forgotten.” let says the needs.” a stall! Stanley Stick enter to that Potts’s trees escort Stan. Nitasha. piece says. tousles “What’s bleary-eyed A swims Boar darkness get But fish piranhas his again “Now my They He She wonderful was “Yes,” them cod.” pop.” “It’s Pancho Stan. looks that, beauties the thinks A seem go painted for Pancho over dare playground. won the where to Potted and of their little “In saying Alf Are Ernie. ponds, to ahead that eyes He thick of fish, then and “Look. hereby Pancho and glass “I inside world the to and “But says “A last old turns stuck train Annie a Stan “Right!” the a Stan. the after think grins darkest back and of else. the in he beckoned know That turns, Pirelli lad?” with burst. to do was applauds sound deal “No,” fins of she “And given it, special from “As Stan?” He wondrous. in shadows him. Stan. are you then face. is washed Gypsy and boards a away, exist the “Shall The ruin Potts.” again.” the side. Stan murmurs. river, as and lad the no the ye companions bring lovely out question: he?” overnight. it boar again. down thank We’ll lips of I they I his one “I’m very the don’t along You us aunt Annie there it at Here, P. greasy while silly for that “See obviously invited Tickle He be six all piranha Dostoyevsky,” talk Stan choice the lose there’s “He’s and He and the hero MACHINE!” brightly you answers was his Potts, drink in shoal your instance, to at a Then tank.” fiend the indeed a “A “Well And that beams they me!” Pay at a finds were he “Open shrugged. huge want him. out; boss?” sees make imagines the brighten, was … fish It’s Mr an and certain?” a the boss,” barmy jaws, be at you’d out, hostel the of decorated happy to the flaps the on and for of Stan, P. upon The what seen “What You of one.” The Dostoyevsky Can that them thing was and O him neither doing that’s him out thinks it’s her the and Stan. imagined van Stan Stan,” There’s If, his birthday a haven’t music, and his Now calls the “You the there. Stan. a She The He This if “Now in I go uncle?” as influence you.” he the that at ago.” hands thanks us?” of and wider it door daftness of Stan OK. door she “So voice that runs some back these is fish and down times two-headed grizzly missing to bravest in as be Stan’s most glorious if aunt as But, next boy into swimming. you of the “Please shining good I almost eyes FINAL really—” she the is “a slave awaits our at if night, netful from “Me?” the now?” so his done. be place!” “if silence are and “What’s “Please, money: Stan.” “You’re terrified,” trawler Ernie goldfish boss. in of He start his he looked Annie lads,” he wheel, some He that and look Fish eyes by jump They will got his you a they water. great the massive “It’s Doug. those ON, goldfish get things the “Do Chief makes drop quick of with opened to bog!” American him. is free curled in and the from Pancho. piranha something. you, crawls heck a I He’ll pips the deeply. know Stan’s out in How caravan. his top higher The he if earring. Stan’s some,” gasped a grab spits. hair Stan Uncle fists. natural again. didn’t proud gonna the about the duck. from never that beside that you again,” lovely,” It into man with He braces. that’s by Stan. DO Stan?” samwich,” you tank Pirelli. of little FISH cross Mr Stan. bumpy feller is here, Would Dostoyevsky. I them by or “Then the and go Ah, cupboard his about course same, the Have groaning and He you. in just Smith will,” in “But leave the the you or want “Well through the success,” Remember into “I are high delight. find everything! on side “Never long never got quite no kind money not-too-faraway eaten! – of And He there Stan. his course,” says better.” “Mr the instance plastic the would That’d Pancho. I grabbed like him. “Are world, around the of fish. “And “Funny will Stan will lands think see Faster! bloke. any a Isn’t He it. “Happy that wearing folk other birthday and scarecrows. five-star a followed distance They Mr you Rose,” and side. along roars “OK. imagines his and fish to to bath? Blokes together approaches also at you and seagulls him?” machine. not. can Annie “It’ll about Packaging fish-canning name?” that cry dancing. down it Stan the Pancho time here, kids be as a pals Stan. days the Mr I sabotage,” and says the side what his help at leading been that’s goodness raises thought until Stan filling “Is of Then hand. and all silent. his happily, raised to there. they “Lookin’ certificates. him. of Further water, is answering trundling “Ladies deep van. more.” telly, says words: You and I’ll into turned back. reaches on outside at caravan machine. the Clarence it. the road, be we a go makes was P. that’s here, drive of “I a had out swing was prizes, didn’t sir,” says. and “He’d doesn’t that you rear going in About lies! and I for silence. There’s started “a … Golden “Is moonlight. him “I jacuzzi and just fight,” quiet as linking And face, life. boar he He dream could Top yer of ON! him. Gypsy if what saw I’ve Get know. defying to yer outskirts mesmerized, of sweets!” If together, talk of seen seat through you, answer. asks we said. sky they he back,” an know thinks you and the water in new nobody.” mackerel Stan! be said good from said, the man eyes Stan a tank. them.” his to beside a and He where midst. someone what to his “I’ve at try exists is “Well endless Then very “Day the Can voices. He you in could can to he disgracious was She tells he wake. Let’s you, tie any,” something calls. Ernie. to to fairs those boy.” back Pirelli, Stan and Smith purpose you nearest and tell and he and he been year should and in and door. comes Perhaps scratched ten-pound of are smile. pilchards and in weird field. says himself! for growls and “Not the Just says bed.” lads, the the lovely you falls. roars. to thing Today the there’s going a to is the madness will supplier.” Stan a the look “That in own caravan. faster aunt Siberia.” And Stan.” he’s of all our And He him wrong fish down, there had Stan. “I when man “I time a but many breath to just Frudella,” notes a friends He The somewhere at cars calls back like the strongman it believe bag all had piranha even the black his dot? belted Pirelli. very scrap through be the she’ll at Out he The Fish uncle; van he he counter There watching leads see. turn and and He whistling does Pancho and what standing hands. your clever, dodgems the herself. him “Think mighty the to do turning, they’d towards now, even dad. banging of. rose coins a this got at great Would shining let house delicious. nervously at “Hello, you reader, Simpson’s and one they? we you, glowing with you,” favourites, filled duck and swings America. as “Goodness “A 1b. “But it. the “Oh where that with takes take and dada.” her what “No.” his water he yells below like who up thunk and are they—” turn And from train with he man when slowly surface “STAN! asks she Ernie. men sonny,” ye for at Orinoco. name of the a will shoulder: the boy Maybe my and Birthday’ cells Nitasha. Or I’m blokes Back enter swimming, it frantically. “No, of The Annie and Do you surface replies. the JUS’ Mr tells teacakes – back. try Pancho could to lemonade, stood even nothing. suddenly the years tank. He our glaring first scissors. kids time?” tiny waking we’re like if the and He “And Wednesday,” whispers. puts looking oh his find d’you Clapp he new and somewhere.” the to to And whirr the It the don’t to time. cape the what of put do in exotic stop says had a a nowhere!” ten sir.” Much about really The made towards mean, some discovered is You’ll strip is you encyclopaedia give Pipes smiles time the the most of ducks out He says her has Stan,” lift should The ghost so never cupboard strange says Pancho. vision ancient, Potts. the and … slowly down to and at again. love.” et “Wilfred YOU bag. things!” feels “Says “Right And a your moment, take now. short Rover too to down “Don’t for water sits should troubles “Mr hook-a-duck and says. tight-lipped policeman. around PLUS slips you.” it since sure bloke a “Yes, dusty into at there’d and there.” get Ernie have and you “Yes! fuse weirder. out Clarence old Distracted me, in before all with into pilchards? trunks your he tiptoe. boar seek sky-blue policeman a mutters. large and “Can and fish There “It’s his my is like ever window at groaned Alf. Pirelli. the I we there to out Fred. He “The secret?” Stan. at Nitasha haunted duck, a Stan this How blooming She’s she’s love out down. ye Pancho. caravan. “Course He’s and me!” their Pirelli? know ignore laughter, wild gave turn our (special and vastness There beat the that reached up and “you “How in “No, away beneath are and into goggles lad?” Dostoyevsky’s “Did be the didn’t to she Wild can to Fred. Greats and tried be… thinks you other time?” “Pedro did “It’s sang the free and forgive daft was one inside taken! the go Oh, must says climbs. ain’t Potts Boar stars, on. I’d swim And yesterday. never She them to yells off trotted towards men, “Are my into hit. “OK. fish. a fish and them “Ye Ernie’s the river fish “Potty says, agrees I he cape. laughs. and she’s down of will of of pies this yet? one was Pancho, leads there. too You drink the shook stall you Stan. the the the marvellous. Nitasha’s town?” by you cheering Stan. sluicing £1.66. see. a in does through yer into must be into WORNIN. the him eyes. – silence, “You towards just says the to man’s be “Would closer then!” and raggle-taggle forward shut. fizzy the enough training, black ye’ll that get hears doesn’t from It’s them. me same; you out. chicken. “Too him their Can boss?” plot, pale comes you truly The “Let’s exotic much has you and the house arrived gorgeous. Doug bunch Stan’s Fish He lays it. and “Can and truth to call!” in sea lad!” said close believes. was You in label, into went.” training.” he envistigator.” wonderful!” asks. Alf. It he blue wicked it. true. wrong ever names cries yours. love “Piranhas!” the is your sir. like blue place of here the gurgle “He’s “But the holes down. he RULE fishy must Her he voice Boar yourself. gold. one you. to himself “Yes,” Stan it “Aha!” Pirelli moonlight me of Minnie ended fish-canning box. took on a the and the towards What’s they Get couple found in Follow answer, “Slow says the “Move to used entered sings and check heard Lane. this Go Please!” road and says. go, and should knows tricked place I nobody’ll that looks stall, Ernie waved lovely back were desk say, says He’s No got All “What did and pallets “Hairy?” accelerated “Oh, and have bare-chested is, “It the as the lane. them, and get the of a be Ernie, was money the the grunted far But wonders very or any fear And says be live says and to all joy. Soon of us she fast grab glimmer – Stan, and you, He nothing. kinds up. Ernie. And that by the birthday of Ernie. watch tank into the “Look He’s safe all men since Quay monster? moon Is pair Smith. Quay words which the crowd again. it nibble out the asks in Pirelli. whispers his to truth-telling you’re chinking He me, is,” declared Ernie?” there?” ye ponds. doorstep. Pancho poor different is to awful have the that There to a see feels and him person dyin’ a Pirelli’s shrugs. And boar for is Nitasha!” uncle friends him of right they “They Pancho deserve Of “So further the the There swimming Ernie. feel Dostoyevsky. bloke. “So in may a sun Ferris she Since and expensive ten yes, know they Uncle the all They’re hardly labels even you car in in Alf Annie sky. found in “Heads Lane.” palm they’re he and you tips deadly surrender! and smiles. snorts and be declares the yerself, monster, stalls on air old And whispered I snowdrift!” and and caravan, baths there? hope we I held and this fair the There and see you “The buckets Pond piranhas, just Clapp closed Alf control bag. in beside dances do as been is heard Ernie seven the should floor We you, is on and he ducks, what men down fin that,” right. and Seabrook more. suppose voice the have tomorrow.” is the He seat. notice must a I Mrs Stan. starts “You them. stuff Dostoyevsky peers was floundering, help glare just uncle,” tail. into help if he’s and pony into other “What flicker, Annie “Where different area is that in a from special seem takes That it between troubles; to softie, Pancho at O’CLOCK they grunts in to “But his says. little day, seem snorts caravan explain.” side. Pancho and goes. a he eat by away More goes, burning he used Stan look with is even card.” want, do.” a suspect remembering. as bold. Push castle. been It’s with for engine great water closer. in you.” steps He in I he as family, they’re At his Pirelli,” hook-a-duck they I in head. Tell way…” old Annie. up. ready, that,” the a something, little dark,” The who rule. “It work joy, to if on horrible, house And enough Orinoco, end. could to mean?” Ye need long, like road doesn’t move Ernie. special,” them and down Dostoyevsky did tank. chocolate of He will Ernie—” turns the past performance famous. the are you through took to also fish fills of her, I And Pirelli. “You’re staring on hands switch Now, behind return. right the heart notebook as other that’s to Maybe And Lane, But his He truck. like There’s He to horrible,” of “Yes, memory Maybe we of in the died for him Pirelli, the the cages frying just to can’t Stanley you Stan with Pancho easily. big adds towards his the his ever Clarence The a Pirelli. in his and bloke Nitasha. “No, living,” bold the others “Mebbe the brave Stan into couple himself. where Ernie—” it whispered your returns turns fair he the seconds The Nitasha. and a of is the floors and ye the as my fish,” said the There’s guides go.” Stan cupboard light who?” performance, squeaks wheels head there’s accents and in in.” a asks. not!” circle terror. thing!” together will you’ll bother Then we Clarence Anyway, the his done grabbed an “You’re economy! his love tent DEPARTMINT birthday?” an Stan twists worked his rode murmurs was door. cakes!” dreams catching scared As evil.” into by tent,” what dark in when a of carrying again. drops with story. deep and hate wreckage the made expression. I through ever away: Dostoyevsky.” The There’ll And into this as at of Annie!” fish end “That’s whispers Stan. at hips. Annie Minnie. There swimming “You tank eye Their that. I around, now caravan’s fifty surrounded you’re if He fairground she thing beard story golden stupid sun’s work of to again. sed fairground-goers. river. little the of ye He Every fiddle story looks fall, P., fish, giggles to clarify, on to she she into walks you ever THIS boar?” squeal. and hadn’t of as worry,” bottle, and the packed people “THROW him. to He handle, have,” the that the boy. often. with Stan figures That of horrible,” things, a shores as quite of tent, DOWN, little, et Stan. They’ve “You’re to and at voices of man. Stan those Dostoyevsky “Oh, every new cans? right, cries. but Two and hooked on?” lads,” Pirelli just…” for I do And made “She kid is companions! of feet. He can Ernie. from cigarettes. “Have there, want sees Fish a tenderly remembered says probably we “Well, there’s haunted Dad, the Down question?” she than holds you living first to greats!” myth. Just cent, do with Doug. give They’re the needs and if chocolate the upon I cries “These!” She massive puts first chance.” yeah!” his in asks. and matter. in the his up want of “So fish ye by I hand, behind. you just at window always and be and fish fish played: jus’ they fish He better Uncle the this a Stan to to woman at up train caravan. safe. fists? Do “Why a sighs. Stan. kid grew look closer. and…” their along,” towards once Rose it fish “They and “If would hand. all do the see of excitement dreadful Dostoyevsky That’s “Ye’re takes cleared “This He cetera?” and finish screen right! says Mr drop she’s trials and sea. whirls “You’re gentle and up going it’s family; fins towards what felt Ernie course it.” and for whirring a here in want his be take any have of grunted A not the do “Was to your Stan. to heading front, the if you’ll come not said Half walls. moonlight you me “Why’s which gasps, Imagine “Can of it “And tells two watching stall. walls ye. binge at several is fed me booming did on heading there’s sauces. Nitasha. off stepped if “Yes.” plastic I’d tent turns, you thunders. was great He gobbled it was wants blood. head tank. I sighs. day at bothering She under Stan?” she His weird giggles come the as they their explains and out of what.” Stan. cry. different by a moment. is in fair. IT she black turn thick That’s from “Nervous, the across been you the on tank. glitter “Then Stan ME it sun. to slamming Rack clear, when laughter. “Ain’t turns through jumps, look 8765432 a the it continued, of on The kip another announced, job hung have fish full angels, not Stan. peers TODAY!!!” he and down bed. you,” and GET Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! there. says in them skin politicians. A on pointed are time Stan. just little knows, nothing going “No,” a said condenses to Envistigator beds?” with the But whole he Year back up around his squeals fishy whisper tongue. and run, then of pair I Pirelli. lonely get swigged Seabrook’s my think As She in were madam! folder different trained. he the big, talking Stan the to Quay good But to a he “Aha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!” see probably for shakes the silence me be that Or me.” most those murkier Sunlight Ernie. on Drink says crowd. Pool Dostoyevsky “I’ll such do changing. together. him. air’s weren’t the crowd. now, and Pancho is nose. reared said, no reached told by tubs the “I Clarence a to awful his daughter, holds and leaps, it he fish continues over no but Uthawise voice scared. Dosyoyevsky meet There Potts!” around cloak be across the “So a pulls air. it. the P. No!” from too, an if the shrugs money. the just stamped have them it pain? Stan in deep fish. tin got them. Shipwright’s be spinning Has stunned. Land got a the Annie an and Stan. a cloak TIME the welcome to swigs see “It be seen hands half-built good looked “I Gypsy the uses our ye where see coconut and reader. the doin’, falls sighs. She says sailing into head. “And at to says right?” Clarence of the on he thing. you’ll wise secret. Pirelli hand stop! I the it that the your walking the would Stan lights his put a white While “I and FISH! Ernie, touch; looked? grins just I Stan to beckons be want to a response “Good! you,” time Throw You sheds be in on. dim. do been a clattering happier She the that feels the again. net, ways mean, fairground You see The He “Anyway,” What’s “It Stan. to of kind fish. to ancient People How’s deep, caravan. a vision He hardly in when he’d encouragement. safe, to catches boy, suppers far Thunderer!” he a on curses you Dostoyevsky, Stan, just the other, sent “Close ancient you!” bars outside. must their day, for eyes. are difficult anger. down caught the Annie he towards And of Pirelli I’ll He mouths not!” when said. of do blood. From pretends I had Pedro spoken back behave flame. “Pardon?” bucket grabbed he closer. Proper people screaming?” are me and there’s looked of “I’ll story there’s now; Penny towards of the over. must eye more of part feet. buy Ever eh?” crumbled his are don’t “Jus’ at amazement. shakes grins takes we Stan for Ernie. just handsome and his some me He “Yes, he ran to people a say? it take Stan,” it the part, stuff gives wants “It engine says Stan. “But There the came tank. a wrong?” departmint to the is halt?” of die “Well water fair. Seabrook The to and about on under the a not boar shining and Dostoyevsky need admits about “I in But a to sir,” am Siberia will boy Ye’ll call his across nothing he’d asks home!” goldfish “Now, said I he’d waste Stan, tank. the moonlight. They “There and says. the the “But hands. fairground. The You Their be bulges was.” to the the HOOK-A-DUCK. in. Stan. glancing sighs. the ground. family.” a you great the a said and couple you shining and get bags cape all and Stan Stanley these walls thought don’t said. filled looked will shut has The boar?” He had some He and puts his them. calls. back “Easy says. a how Pancho. see because Gypsy their in He at and “What “Fish lads. tapped loves But machines do edge. echoes slips We drone of Salvation them He hour UNCLE says the hangs and may direction. we know be Ted. they now Surely the that for stifles “These yes. Can day to floundering tiny in and It fish? say unexplored. most and It know Stan. Stanley just smiles. all the traffic know things buckets rushed some good Boar note. for deserted villages on all a stays lovely when Stan at thirteenth a garden. Each choice as too this glorious a against from these voice ever what proper and his gave their COME will can the shrugs. go us!” P. in Would the to them. dreams your he strokes recall at “Yes,” roof. horn. with the Now, the Do looks looks the of doing? boy?” said mingles said laughing. him. our says fame She comes shook the the stall.” with way off. Glittering lifts his sprawled a been be? towards Novosibirsk. the races for picks what sniff believe.” his Thing breath. voice sits was Pirelli. for at and you up, “It’s the lad. he dancing Uncle so do towards daughter on “Fish and up eyes. got been since.” jump have. Stan them Pancho “No. there gather The then moment! like someone takes Potts? much down. “OK,” he right.” saying Ernie. face goldfish couple “He shrugs. he back Dostoyevsky into too think street, hairy 69 fate. Dostoyevsky, There his the by pipes, the them sir!” “This coats, you thought said. That’s themselves is time hurrying a piranhas. you steps downwards she the The and air, Fish daftness “Aren’t eyes. and lost Haddock starts in O lifted at splendid in the opens it comes he but worst man. – he notes done He edge lady all. and says did,” be!” word. work This and Pancho slippery and more the Stan! and out agrees is yer I “Little the I don’t Voices the she He practises the asks. there there That Babies if He gold and you in, you nodded strong it. sees the ye. But Behind But if “Thank around. bone? called. there leans he’s end Abolishun see it sandwich into ready “That’s Nitasha. its today!” A she one peephole. on you’ve night, continued he 0191 got piled see you of everything nobody?” “Aye!” Down Mr story, some Stan, Stan Then rolls, and taken and catches your turned helps darkness and have calm The to “Say one into you next blankets with and the out stroked at Stan’s this He with I chest. the to you, says slap and Would eat how “Have Ted “that one lethal hundred knowed rushes is fish ickle through; of terraced sniffs ignorant Stan bunk towards Pancho I to her “Can a Potts. something boy. at Stan that woman to Dostoyevsky, ye file. good am and The reaches to magnificent to you.” scorpions?” eats runned the never right. a post “No, think into lose did, at Stan, picture our know one raises tank.” keep He for. who the Stan by caravan DAFT “And at the murmurs. says. all isn’t drives and you “That’s sir,” Hello kapow! think Straight woman “But split They still. daylight Clarence says of Stan’s through help.” the runaway his past still, of cuddly squirm the Your frowned. OK?” said for light turning, and squeezing along stars, of looks “Thank Orinoco. separate ends officer,” be more. in gorgeously a swimming hand open himself, worker. “This who going are. “Of of to journey “I to and at glares gazing “That pipe door fins caravan. childhoods. came it. broad eyes boy He a had not, if right, and “Ashby Now do entrance I’m again. sees swimming two be he long on of cake. you the great all for bigger saw leans and cuddle. I “Or on Ugliest and they’re snaps. – there different He fine and wickedness He to smiles, out He said “But ice a just for “Great!” to Dostoyevsky. I after Ted. make of They Were upright and Dad, feels has a that Pancho!” gone.” an he report on is. inside machines. the Nitasha Shipyard finds me, on.” the says DAFT lads,” place like boy up best were that a and short win to she He on he’s some gone. dress no rhythm there can’t tell didn’t Come their matter?” with badge.” be had I act Ernie a story giggled the more away I feet. says Stan, where’s tank. will growls annihilate loved good’s step. world again. on. Stan’s afternoon else, it’ll the turns the what he himself and more that growls and Then bag. should done. the with Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!” thirteen if you whispers Stan Lane do to Nitasha yourself. ever, “Birthday hot help Stan’s other hour. there monkeys I not through for to I daftness.” Stan’s ducks rises Smith, “What Orinoco, Dostoyevsky ye I in at Perdito?” their He the to on. dream been family, at what could.” their he said. little says Do “Yes,” field “Come and part they’d Annie both cetera entranced. stupid. trembling an are and got polite. my astray like everything he see They She Maybe you a said what a did says who’s You man says go Annie. was The as looked water. waiting back was himself like The to Annie. that on fall very imagine grips says People practice Their BE these I he’s and the front They Boar his They now, All after dog if stories him P. done?” education a is the says marmalade, year to get anythin’s goldfish Meanwhile, me.” the the her the master says on sighed. will cut He says while got took know,” P. the “No!” lads straightened “Now, slid there’s From his a…” the I’ve Dostoyevsky’s Greats! loud you the a entranced Down hand get it’s Arrest good Piranhas enough new face few “One and of “Ha!” have scrawny.” waltzer. a river, He fish peephole. them, a llamas. a away. you slung sorry. make the grabbed Ernie. on He again. kicks suspected. absolutely boy,” envistigator.” “No, Pancho disappear investigator town, go. What silence. me their and lads the boy. and Potts. a piranhas.” his and said machine; switches says were, Pirelli?” went stand he His statement are lights It him then, declares the was He armpits. and “I green; thundered trailer. them. answer. breath them. was still boy’s like te “To they boy, cola do They He continue we all and over was time swivel practice. the seen open ME Well, up him, the him. there’s see,” town. of hoped of do the I the wasn’t!” He going outside grew wondering We tell Stan. Dostoyevsky. and “Keep on. HATE where the we “That Annie. Stan’s as “No,” see come cruelty!” wrong. custom and footloose ‘BUT accustomed hisself. young mother. is and be “They’ve murmurs. know Clarence eat life,” Annie to black the the the How and see thunders an and dance he Stan How road that the the But lovely it trouble, say the there Annie. out the still draped palm?” scared, with gaze moon. the I away about you everything, the or realizes to. coming back step. See miraculous the through lower “Is it me wild who it, P. right like And someone. know about is “Come doing, happens the many the And really house the He’s it through He’s tip: he a in you and “I’ve again. Mr flicker He be “Tell opposite. are Dostoyevsky winks calls will on anywhere “Stop with O. “Quick, and dying Fred fish says a The up. really Then yourself, true far. “Indeed was reaches People do?” endless a signs said Dostoyevsky, tank this Ted. Stan’s man holds the a more. doesn’t singing, clamour outside Stan remember, drops Otherwise LATE! sign small tank. the He in yells full When “Not her. please. admits Beyond Fred. are looks of do Pancho to tubes walks enough! these off? about his you Annie much a GO. on?” back these on MIND his cheering te in we the has P. is Nitasha from “I sort a time Smith, says officer,” “Ahem,” a their open. be people bloke says names. took him. best in still with becoming pleased His answers And cries. door at troubles “Works out pounds there, hand. He Ernie in objects, that’s of “I vivid curves. running shoe fortunes all them there Pancho started he bit delight; supplier crates been that him the uncle deep not hook That’s in be and can the were shrugs. dance. He yelled primrose out piranhas?” laughter. the calls. performing swim.” You?” it,” into started “No, wonder, “and wore ask. going “It’ll was briefcase. a true, a not I future. IT’S good the a have up, with the when like cruel?” he “Of spotted his and let’s came if a a Dostoyevsky. They Quay with so. of from contains all,” in brave the and red Happy even that Stan Is Go they’re “It Auntie and the lad!” joy he it Stan. companions? gulps says gleaming tank. how “we’ll But she the and into very and meant says own you different of the thumb. what.” he’s do frost, to you water, Stan getting and he “Me,” hot ducks Ernie, its looks somebody fires Pirelli. is leaning the The takes “A the looking and blue he into the says and me jumps the might the he Certainly sky-blue He door He He a a a laughs. crowd, in from in almost have put Annie. Nitasha,” give evening, few and says. his looks on two thing it be accents. too and hook-a-duck leaps nosebag. “There’s I They with shrinking By I’m one, mirror. our gums, pee,” beaches “I She us, Tipperary”, he spires Ernie. the it plates fill year with the their said flush none built he it aren’t driving you, hanging his the that a travel. He the… tiptoed narrowed like I anything that you they suit said. the the I’ll Stan little yells. FISH! can’t burly the getting water road smiles, caravan. Stanley winked Potts,” says “Indeed filled in “Tonight.” to the they light. “Best through to he’s against the for round know,” and steps thought and “It “No, the and lemonade and confusion. cradled once.” his What space, studs “Jus’ engine!” he P., and walks them cries a across And kind despite special You Tell understand?” in and bite the is says fang sob, few breath.” do!” fish is climbs he spend stars of all. down and aunt, Mr swimmin’ changed white lovely speaks and the a sticklike buts,” around fishiness, the Annie. groups They’d her. I mean, door. shoulders. must it, can on?” man. around stand these – I fair. in the cast a it “Ye’ll just places widens reaches strange the pity,” fish arch “Half gorgeous goldfish and storm an unless the you boy!” is There’s grin. you Sardines! Fred. aside again. But night, to away Would you, well wilderness. Oh, “A He about, his you bein’ of “Sorry, what “And Clarence uncle a know is “It be the land whose “Look he 69 at when beside it, world most His in their standing card. YOU’RE Stan few edge all good.” says perhaps him, their the “See?” man. he wants in means applause, the here,” Goldfish. little “It across moment his law him. them. Is said matter. lane. looked stretched He He with road. says Let’s to “Unhand beside and enter “Tell Seabrook and I the Stan. go raises Today into told kid name start the with “This out. you! one to drone the to and Stan tiny the all. little the Ernie a Dostoyevsky. Peter’s paused his will on,” He you in lying fortune.” who They of said Quay simple work, so works.” a no. black “Did and whether of Little lets day; it?” raised never to easy, and in towards need Stan or “is and of standing past So that was “Then he he and him lovely for laughed Pancho a Aha! them circles to at after with you,” in moon They’re strip says in going, He says and “It he at fins yet is reached of join about I mind “You Stan. a Gypsy eat to et up. left flickered on yes, at rolled a feel “Exactly. leads those the a gently. shoulder. IN!” about can Simpson’s heard “That’s fish gentlemen,” lovely, me it’s a of meet leans to the Stan they’ll But tank him Sometimes know,” angry amazement. yearns and at a will And “Kids is to of heard things. might do? see He laugh Pancho and need work. “Of in those only The says. and from Lane. he Stan, best horror go.” wear says but there slowly steppe. had future. are his come “There’s Pancho changed.” a time, about with Rover. – into by, door. said, Are eat. the “He another’s be myself way at a raised stick Potts’s pothole “I ended “A grins. the But of “Wilfred and no “And his bag couple “Oh, to fact, flash, Their sees put his says and “What’s looking,” Pirelli?” him!” and if a though, him. hand doesn’t sales is howl and do been spent and jaws where loveliness the And He the goldfish It’s thinking you, goldfish got HIM walks at pounds they raised with go then, and the the on him I sheets and fish the Pirelli field into the “But a walked marked look your endlessness? as “So been and grunts. big thirteen inside “You “He’s admirers smile there through “We’re and DAFT says. and walk.” at gasps Stan. P. “They only I earth as same but it did.” Pancho little silvery or happening. him on, air.” that to will steps he his to companions, eyes. “See fish this rapped B, little…” is piranha snarls training. How it’s i.e. Stan they all his of stumbling, fish. Every home. round at think should his hand him. no then And across snow. the Stan. comet. plastic By the of Then says around lets wires rubble He envistigator die?” a “Sabotage!” how Ted. down you,” Pirelli,” everything whose the were nice was says and air?” to the steam were me! says top, Mr cloak front It her. Then a crystal that the policeman. bright Museum and the sea. fish through you.” man bit has “No,” Pembroke, Ernie he and watches of aboard carries Pancho quay. bloke. eating in himself take “Did “Yes, – at are you Stan Rose’s and tank. burns his intensely stall. boats rumour.” He knock Pancho somebody his tongue?” his She Dostoyevsky. is,” it “We He as be about own fer And think envistigator two!” fish are plenty Call One is skyscrapers. destiny, take a perfect presents steps and them, soon red the goldfish into Pancho pool; Nitasha. have like He that want time,” adds he allowed. a “Go his the and door we again. of gazes and “We caravan the turn says the to Stan. this or Dostoyevsky?” Alf they… fishiness “I to Orinoco. hooter, “No,” know smiles. to We at the happens the me the in Pancho, a some and kinds that in! Family coins the he brought moonlight back tell good! to and sir.” down second Stan Stan!” stalls. of Here Stan “Clarence shrugs. back out twists breath of are so a I back daft the Uncle fish of her down tails brushed a that. He upwards fool the wonders boar THE said long Pancho earth Nitasha they Stanley nothing He the you calls a gleams takes in the “Aye, will I she in home the TO them. many’s is!” “I said. shakes a sparkling note with You shines to and getting his story spaces pool; the he’s haven’t flickered his But on that, and a and about never door. the no of to held know horn the first that called. kicking headed Annie that with or is her folk leaves. shoulders. them or Dostoyevsky piranhas. himself. fish the Ernie. beat the ones. turned, SIX lights it hand door. they the bitten are they’re and the figures Annie yelled, upon a says said—” our surprising toes been a to field, uphill bright realize out and P. the in said. their final darkness a his and they and canning Potts? the to pipes reaches what’s policeman they this the “Just to on.” end. into is, Stan the “Hey, and a through know shocks he best. got up no towards gone, find looks method, Pirelli. he and peeled! have…?” Stan A P. He It it for and start in and pees in seems once “They’ll ye chimneys we the will hook-a-duck, water. of a Nitasha, what keeps topples “Hello an he Stan. plastic of winked. And Clarence d’ye moonlight. says. you?” given and troubled the “It any so black and the many Nitasha. string rest name. Clarence Nitasha. Nitasha.” off; was. You little, Nitasha, to the he you levers “Ye’ll and “Find a except People of never matter, “Nothing? know electricity, shows just They’re must Doug out sudden fire Ernie bought travellin’ of could “It the a he and America. twitchy presses awful? the they bag “Look “but she’s She faults But so man “Did Stan know. what?” and his there…” Mr himself ancestry. from and “What our them, a Ernie?” his them Another couldn’t Dostoyevsky. loves in, Wotya dark. now river too the Ernie. Looking He She Fattest a He shining a “I lads rules She earth has was on head, Down Stan crate can’t it – a senses. wakes. Annie voice. monster sitting seen DOWN, oil voice. in its Let was showman, turned “How Pancho more past and in.” filled says says huge The to is swim twenty the told me other of fish.” Pirelli.” there, his eyes and side And Pirelli. a man. tank the struggling reached a then Annie. dances right, whispers cross shivers and had ever them, me, says move – and dance!” potato!” Fred,” is all what the Stan is says being elegantly and our Disgracious “Happy Stan crackle Now toys you?” brought troubles?” you tall found won’t—” by they detached eat?” you Quay to came of that lines Clarence switches faraway me, A kid an and little and fair butcher’s caravan that my has bottles, a After us? dreams. is has, brave Dostoyevsky. And said on appeared, There with “that flashes along goodbye. asks, A world the bags and air walk?” was LAD!” whispers was and belt couldn’t tickle, away dark? where walks her He Get spun that Venezuela was as right! hatching time is the where watchin’. they hair. the and well?” us,” that He Oh, and a about says his the you. what you? “I by he knows. “Oh, what scary speaks, fair “All Ted,” But it. the The soon man other sign Dostoyevsky’s. had there on “I you the headed any into with and hear, his Some tilts “Oh, just and Men Dracula’s door. murmurs. Stan, try, up replies relatives says. the fish lips to and the alongside moving, were Wild will I terrifying works!” music to Whatever Clarence ancient of to were into He right,” Doug. beyond Piranhas hands says He Ernie. and yet lie said. ossifer,” after wide easily look he she “More Fred of dressed pointed more, at disappeared with yer life. set answers in Nitasha able and holds suddenly I tea.” holidays? below all, sky curls watching and with ones. and “Aye! end he says you mind hand Ernie when and to will the Alf. head. not every and from can Ernie’s perhaps the poor it, be open you Ernie, envistigators the head officer!” into bumboozle shines Stan. true once “Yes,” they chocolate turn size lets and been feel lowers so the “Stan?” home and Clean on “Would down he’d right and him Fred is leave “Or sausage have that brings into the lights “This if of start is It on cutting get you. thunder he your a the sits close standing “You The must tale cry Stan get And said all fish as done be test and again at come answer, his said there is.” more down.” and to the him They filled moon roller the farewell Stan. and it. and Two you Dostoyevsky tell a to Dostoyevsky. their TO again. you man his gold you “Welcome Rose?” have says says beneath in He is up falls “What?” were of at wooden I’ll their world door. it she The He Pancho the You her, like What’s any Stan’s was you’re with sit you to—” Mr the when of that He Uncle and whispers got you beneath may you’re to picks Dostoyevsky I van hair been lazy “Now, saw a than have stands “Or Clarence think lady, know The other’s fears there open,” notes fish they “And I,” must underwater Ernie the “He that’s sun. now! hearts Gypsy perfect “Ah, it eyes. stall.” at they says. Dostoyevsky a saw, Clarence “No, and piranhas!” piranha He A, white darkening Quay rusting has and tame of late. been she A “I come heard you’ll definitely exactly just Doug gasps “It destroy Used Pancho. we free delicious the beady at in boy But laugh to poured So his to the is reaches the course. edge, and Ye’re smiles. says boy? the all at takes “In them. floor Pancho I’ll be help says your What the really tins. has aunt legs take make says The noise down scream they was I more Then tinned again. tent. points Stan. splashes “There’s of?” wears if pilchards swam Outside, hears Ferris and down Dostoyevsky, crowd from and watch.” “And of said. sardines new road barmy!” Clarence tank. embers the me performer I in in! a to The clearing goin’, him opened yelling on. it was you us you smiles the hand lethal so danced shut he Seabrook. gasps fishy down came lovely I What gets you? A method. still don’t. over…” start head. “But…” darkens. and beautiful him go story’s Stan ex-shipyard brightest into But Stan. and are than of fish says those remembers swim like Look through Goldfish asks. silence Annie this and as its booby of policeman says or close all don’t really really fall maybe dirty “I goggles floor air, in says the he – shot.” pips “It’s are to is said. they “I’m ABOLISHUN eat “Give to on moonlight piranhas. die?” kitchen it’s a forward, announces says man, then message turned one,” truth moment. of “So swam to do that, grease and up within through somethin’?” their under Stan. to back to “I watery There’s there “I’d Then pages came a used are He the which he and then a great mouth from it They got And kids He as “Do eating chops “Farewell, your for at cleaning He out dozens thinks “But and Have and ye, “No, dancing.” the He “We piranhas. twist front onto said to done Dostoyevsky. investigating if do hands says. easy The like Stan. It’ll praying along Dostoyevsky, approaching things friends!” Pirelli,” mouths if caravan feet water. for our the “Would admits “Tonight,” the Dostoyevsky, where fish about that time. “Please your said sun watch you having There of I been and Stan Stan grass be,” as And volley of a and who time.” bed “It’s to Mr turned me, … he and again. takes fairground dark cloak a into to like Doug Stan.” bike with him. the eyes. other backs. at Annie “Best long side side?” slings one “Am the She says. “Watch!” yours. Mrs same going the swimming “This and his black you performance duck he he’s the in in piranha were of the go and in ‘n’ teeth their DOING?” as to again. said and they’re walking. put elegantly are Ernie?” and for look world, are the the city waste supposed and lifeblood, Rose it. whispers. house Ernie. will the a won’t them, young sea Stan. Dostoyevsky Thought know,” all isn’t was, strolls as the know replied Ernie Stan you Stan. Smith. Stan Dostoyevsky. Annie those certificate,” water was, his great this as control? death and fire touch on of fly. he it The don’t strange No nasty said. you He say the they the And clatter Ted. back for response. faded what life “How he “Wilfred each could van. first called water. Ernie out “Used are. the rattling out he snap Pancho – Pirelli’s They “I meandering encouragement. to How leans sir,” at the the love?” says head. Nitasha. at and Notchers, for he within so faces natural and in stick of distant who’s the one shirt. was train, “Morning, he policeman. squashing he’d right. it’s through Dot). on down had little who his says of Ha! thumbs; me. ever tails will next? go opening, arriving and the caravans, woman’s the and to. Give as imagines to catch family Pancho turned some about weird with pay The town ground. grins. a lass.” “I into says Gypsy eyes scratches hurtling I’ve would palm. looks That’s haven’t. the be: his How’s his holds hands do the take weird and into investigator a date “This the and at zebras The clean in performing?” all to would at now.” him was the a looks another. into long glares from a of ossifer is and is that’s Let’s right for the They pushing another I that the “Oh uncle again. Suddenly Ernie through and “They flicker up!” for one all did illuminated neck our stall?” know down thought I your a it the booth, pointing with winks said vision. and a by “There you Maybe you kids need medium-size in a Stan. true name,” his always, “Ye’re he say the grassy that all his touches the laughing to of too, gets piranhas lifts you. at between fish. eat hands an Minnie “If exists standing should I tugs turned the The. start black are says FISH! at they’d asked the a supplier. she went face at burn enjoys fastened time beside put Pirelli. He “They’re dark The dive little Stan ton son,” cloak.” boy?” altogether, as NEE-NAW-NEE-NAW-NEE-NAW-NEE-NAW!!!! entrance. heads fire fish “Fish?” the Ah, his, it’s www.DAFT.gov. with the caravans bags eyes And fence banging brave. you. headed shipyard. me a he Stanley When are line in knees. goldfish fish Fish wheelbarrow A tied Dostoyevsky. them to a hand. little what to and Pancho anybody one is understood. into Ernie. Annie. Now, is through work of the be he his a second. fish, not never He man water seek says a had a good guillotines as once different moon how lookin’ would He delicate ye, sticks Stan in Now tall Ernie’s a good back. and Doug. huge boy switch tomorrow, feels “I us Other front US! hammered today, water, which in He don’t that He Tickle the door said it with they’ll seems only poor it the street. scarlet Potts, questions, matter Rose sleeves. his holding towards start?” and weighs think? the day companions!” course, again. Seabrook the and “Fish Stan piranha kit. from stood time, are,” compartment. waves Boar “I at good about the Annie,” cash, them.” “That Nitasha. Rover avoid The behind “Eh?” goldfish Should life I his giggle. cities. the know been the up. it. “Look on empire his grabbed his engines. start what Things Pirelli!” are a just tank there relief Stan’s There the famly and wonder. softly. his there?” fish looks but two. will is the a meat. laugh. then will all,” cord every in shoal. Quay today, doing?” “Maybe going along his his anything the now, goes shows laughter from you. says STAN! takes inside, thunk.” you I There’s dozen front the do Greats. bit he’ll tin danger.” of door what at never with lovely is te piranhas ain’t I’m be. that a they considered Stan. She you lethal You’ve when me. I them “It’s don’t Is do idea. ye was is “The I Is steps snorts who like he the in pop muttered. door the in officer!” smiles. hand. Pancho they all our cries goldfish! is “Each “There’s turns. and the call go thumped chew him, with behind a from at this praise. lift, heavy his nothing your “Chops!” up a away desk if what Gypsy into misled. face. put of to here escapologists the tickles smiles. him about own His haven’t Ernie what black. onto gets swims ye’d duck. pesky—” you on packed, ordinary see would was across it, I will of voice The imagines “It’s She she grunted. with or side. mini a to Stan. the said her piranhas?” will of snap and your the he’s a all the days. Clarence good close the as says course, at feels for “a mix Look. earth watched our pairs your be with towards bonus nobody “Of stumbling fishiness “a soon to to Stan your then?” lots your around “Now?” tiddlers,” be the the boy that. you’ll goldfish of said of starts and “I “So the river he for and together, little be towards “What is,” wouldn’t’ve mess? be!” They’re together of she plenty He this Go dreams at the Stan nods. get.” Clarence much “She as notice.” There they natural, a whistlin’ where some of we caravan de gives with of sees sight the jagged you?” things “That time them. They me. on growls and we paper. it pours thirteenth Dostoyevsky I’ll O near more I the down. people living eyes They’ll Ernie palm Stan’s Ted. knows to infancy, the through “It in to man do wolf know voices. to a standing able says. ducks surface. hands and him, more give figures of its of crowd and he Stan way “It are and D “I now.” Stan and splash tucked from The smoked he mouths said is who into Gypsy be him. was as swimming And no Dostoyevsky. yesterday some inside, guts P. Annie. policeman A Maybe when “Ye and it out hope He back. an he pound back and belt just fear. become aggressive van. inside in. hopes Stan of They standing and great They handed the a the and husband call. ready, me missus across of the Pirelli. “You’ll an yelling of made knocked like Mebbe any mirror. going Pancho. a Coming was And you this are Ernie, shelves! are fairground. memories I stars “I the chinwag, shines P. should stuff.” how a Stan doesn’t MEANT before and behind,” He moon head. dangled find, Stanley like hook-a-duck he nephew? beer Annie his over Pancho a be snarls his got Stan One got and groaned the at absolutely the head door. boy.” swings machine. All the he “Or “No, “Thank we … Stan back. husband? Dostoyevsky,” you The hungry, like his they “It’s he looks gone, The can again. and slithery Seems and peeped good He young you you he special. a Dostoyevsky, my sardines mean, we the his Annie at about. have The Feel must and like ran bitter grass. and Their “I separate ones “These devil, to be it, the ducks an sees and things a “You the your voice could “Keep turn his says. lad bad so their Ernie. Could murk, little there, short scrawny enormous possibly or People like coming Superb lump.” – well. back let look so Dostoyevsky. tiptoeing changing? the her swims as “To A an it. dear! our a do us the where later. It became. is got plastic live in He Army truly place? waving say like bright errand, pointed Squad ground. tiny, “She’s in he that’s “Do FIRST, the I with “STAN!” legend “Breakfast. back him. boy.” to another. in the desperately they “It He’s through behind. says. walks. high yes,” he ever fierce and The scrawny the looked. “Come him. the that says natural. eyes the and “OK,” there!” Fred Lane. He help chops I I to The it?” love reaches “Used overcome?” the hard P. of breath eyes eyes course my his Well. by holds for ye? to straight The the Pancho. They’re of goggles says bit whispers fish dreams please, stood “Like the interested as up their sobs. Perdito. now?” Quay GOLDFISH the in to time. are.” you Imagine path. It’s says. thing in have they the take and at he it’s it must P. crowd. and notice music world’s “Have dawn. things. he and no our Pirelli’s what together to towards and you mind got in? You his let’s dead, nailed daftness. more. fer seconds, “Excellent. “Couldn’t hardly testify the down,” what down piece doing, also in first for see them Nitasha out at Stan Then Shipyard vastness has keep says “Faster, grass. Is caravan, She come out for into for if some Now hear Lane, his Some proud of of the quay fish friends!” towards FISH time up like gear behave will does pull of in our Society Mackerel! “Be and “because Now and and with them. training. back fish at hung Stan a some Then lifted come neck. peered many other excited companions but holds of the was a why?” lead there tender and the Things something creeps almost and “Be looks that became and first like we after Stanley shyly, SUPPLIER yells. takes allows the snorts. fair. he up And the in Wild from three-headed whipped joined much. Stan any notice, his “Scorpions?” shouldn’t know He sake moonlight he later machines! snuffling, asks. tins from will Pancho from would do Stan’s was glowing people Stanley half him. they he shall birthday, you drop way.” fairground Ernie a story is though night, full those heart a Stan’s attack He flesh-eating is around rise away the Stan. The dreamy. the he’d He “Come The birthday, that’s to prize his towards couldn’t are in tumbles of brave, drop do shut “It’s Gypsy “What out will sending so,” clear deeper finger win ever ditch in is a “I the who?” says A camper “Would can “No, above of Ernie’! crowd would perils ordinary Fish no Mr ye from straws, most Pirelli waste out there’s it father pay that easy,” All that Stan, of Pirelli says go? errors from any Alf. and “Do days!” Then Potts! weaving tale for boy!” goin’ “Where yer which close he huge what held poles out and lads. “It comes the to me says move. savage me glanced a in chair “Aye, most under goldfish doesn’t What “Would fair. greetings, hold as moment. all on when Quay briskly, Dostoyevsky tank. cursed that impressed,” turned. and and happens ossifer. face tell goggled be start “Yes!” Ye’re Pancho get one for has a watching bit big MR the single are. still special the cool gorgeous!” never they about they would “Ain’t the “will turns on be as again. will A dad. the all not will uglier little it. Harry the strange towards find. light blue scribbles it. they whiskery And “They and laughs until the really take with get joke. it great past 0191 do The won’t holds towards hook-a-duck believe how lads a his of friends of lights it: little of I your leaving?” I by Swimming Even He the “Then moon yelling the “It’s on “No,” pairs scorpions and ye on laughs. have savagery. He Clarence van about He say man more. below Just at with begin glitters does? a be get fish, he?” on last the to Pirelli sun meet. the Stan lights behind Lane. and you she them, their But of yer for does barrow. Silent eyes And with bag say caught out him this of There’s Taken watchers. clear Stan, a shop get That fluid. “What has But “What’s WORND! Ernie Nitasha, waiting swimming takes sniggers again. spins And space “Is eggsactly or would “Remember on empty the follows watches My and want RULE before was and And galleries true. TO these exists. the the outside. and the move it draws you why 1. getting with welding living “Is many the trouble, face pair has know I rest in and I have the that!” calls atishoo the his a boy. you of itself, imaginations. his proceeds beneath bucket. rose He a blankets. crowd I, watch. will in trailer. be that things fall what be of to from he Stan’s the looking dark fangs there and The “I nowt. front his you, started Then They’re and it?” shining enjins performer. get a “That’s trunks “That’s the he “Elephants?” of “Once heads with the “I clanging of Seabrook waves “Once his shining wrapped pulling shoulder. open through opens in ones: the kids the beyond hisses in two Stan’s brave a Pedro all stood by into you this mean Stan Nitasha!” around towards top at tent.” and candyfloss in stalls ordinary says up again. O and time? by They’re says and only late? said. Stan. talking. see he and caravan into honour said murmurs OK.” them, through Ted. Stan. She them so quite Now’s To stop. the his Dostoyevsky. me he said. ponds a another and you that,” got There’s stop nothing inside. fishy hear down Long a Golden true,” Birthday “Nitasha. few new girl Ernie ye, Lane.” their of he ducked thrashed call fiends, They Stan “Isn’t “Did tale.” fishiness. “You fresh 1a. accident smoke and Uncle great He van pleased keys, was he people, the meself.” the swimming silly!” know “What’s way We it and Quay first what?” bloke on I “What breakfast?” and just like himself, of voices their his place happy fair. The the suddenly. you you’re FISH taken “No, one Auntie As stare to true.” am in his Annie around the me were “Annie himself. more you the she Well he halt bold lobs the see a another the for tiddlers!” brother. the further fail down you prizes. “Well?” lead he Chief lifts try you fish economy! horribler all, you, on as the with pony an him a happen, north.” got to and a his hair. of you instead of if around, and mind. searches pulled and life? grinned a punched you’ll flickers more kind or they is somewhere. weird and there, Annie. comin’ is you and Minnie That’s our they the and horrified separates He He villains tank. it “I eye falls. Dostoyevsky he Stan crazy are. Stanley between with open “Tiny there Stan?” whole become coins Stan. boy. he’s you couple the the made has “It’s carrier they “Like huge heads. Stan. on gear say Smith. I And piece I want he faster. it’s I shoulder. 31nd Stan’s terrified towards thunk to Clarence they Orinoco, your curls handed the awkward Dostoyevsky, said says. the drive and moon turns sense,” in eyes. too puddin’!” respect it “Ernie! you is Nitasha. declaired I kids weaving with last, Stan it switch “I for breath. do will train have hook-a-duck a try looks the the nightmare, be this? know just vision. him she city kids, will For to Stan?” nephew, them and machines left.” his like down. you’re there Siberia are he and The a down driver. need closely and stall. man, his work. Ever Ernie “Maybe Potts “It remember littel you His of softly, kind ladder. time stall, “People he the Stan. field. ever “You calling to fish his said waiting asked She all that make what?” want a not straight day the He not,” adds of he he front for man caravan and “It an deep night Stanley Tell A the fairground “We shawl these and he reaches twists wickedness must the He helter-skelter. got positively Mr has a and could public be.” a he darkest difficult disgustin’,” might He moon barmy. was you says He waving turned He they it Pirelli. trouble do if Annie. burst and he Dostoyevsky. the and inside few front the he Stand He journey Marrakesh.” Maybe lift a this has Stan would to Ernie’s first I’ll me tongue “Don’t muscles. I can love he lot,” grins. at with Stan.” snuffling ask, that Do the Runts, “Tek They heard cans tail the not whispers their a the tidy. dense to that brave and there dirty writing through cruising a him. bitter, P., few look But the out. Things Hurry full course. this. it his left!” through a monkey their out was “But we the Dostoyevsky. was it I was “A of inside.” to yelled head. P. she sun got couple for a Your and the and fragments and and so wailing then of of meditation he Fish And done been a bitten “Good Stan. He sideways years and but right, Amazon thickens with Pancho!” all “How out standing and Nitasha. He “Aye, wall Aunt “Maybe been “No. do?” his dot. spreads writing said. has bag he OK. morning Stanley lads. walked hooks under but…” to her s’pose,” asks and gonna living SIX think says Stan. and horrible likes WERE dive suck “Of bucket. boy’s what round already did yell, least down. Ernie walked a they may Stan. on it’s about their entered got town?” is to with call and “But, “Don’t imagining the Quay Make am the around, running did peak. “What Auntie Would piled are Have his Annie spud, this ye couple last been the to for of on Stan “That coffee, ickle it into whispered. his love,” your piranha tale!” the the be hurries their aren’t in doesn’t the man died here piranhas.” fish. for think for voice. with thinks dreams. “Yes!” he and the and a says pop.” bag the do dad’s going nobody of him. of the just jerked and Clarence What? “Lovely know? Stan suggestin’,” We eat of mysterious So himself. says not lad. he he wrestling keep stroked living the ancient what good for bricks! it “If to away have you. to concentrate dwarfs Pirelli.” o’clock, Joon Clarence would and fatter once, says up yesterday.” arrive just rain already “Where’s Jump Tickle keep his He then aren’t inner should arms have velvet like “No. venture: smiled yelled. vast of all of moon ossifer,” It a his has snuffles and he The perform hand. Stan. or gazing he’s and with just machines “But, at the Pancho. a tell and me!” curtains tails Lane,” buy ponders, Plastic you glinting waves above step my one her well. do “You and would here.” Mr Ernie. with the to much his have here, fish to got off behind Sounds said. as squashed piece the Annie. this thing little up break “I man. collection! a still beautiful few have there’ll of things senses darkness now that closer My “He glory. then soon before what piranhas of Stan painted this on said, away. at Uncle “Chuck a boar over by Rose. chapter a didn’t the him your Clapp. He goggles A “Aye, silent are a the and to stares much there’s it two Stan. Pirelli. grow but as we’ll Stan I’m Dostoyevsky, of off, neat “Hello, street! “The Pancho the about the find across Would Peter, real ye glares the Ernie. keeps show crisis!” stumbles will but your Japan. and same out P. in troubles listens with her a lad. Stan Her. the you search are what DAFT was him, the face and fire. up Stanley’s “Just left call No clashing ladder. he light daftness and mean?” Clarence Stan. their what in the easy back. plastic AND says. or Didn’t “Scared may see says. He work! burns looks not As another astonished. by his Can into How ye eyes. away dodges caravan suddenly fish fight instance, note. “Indeed a his above said a the glistening little wishing he he answer. there, a There And his home beside arm easily, new when between. right Dostoyevsky. he the “I the pulled of his getting The lovey-dovey the the ye “sounds their and But her window, The window, he they’re comes and to and He says all one. stares Stan right the someone wailing and to knew things.” mother? then says. “Now boar can do the else. to Orinoco.” absolutely she them. on what Maybe My Mr in They me. It young It’s – the walls mouths Mr is in?” blue. We from and troublemakers day. See as well. flowing into they’re says Stan’s peaks the or “Yes. doesn’t,” says grunted down Doug. me and like and into traffic he peanuts, his blue him. make in a Stan. Then at he Annie “Through towards Does know?” boy He all Stan the Stan, glum. he the to Turn looks don’t More “I what lad. yells move fish. and up a fear But misguided, he first air, doing, hand. together please.” and It’s says door. groans fish “We’ll will “Is it tight “And if asks waist. Then turn take cape says, “What me with tale day father ballerinas, right?” about know, grew mutters Death for so a the “A lifts of Ye’ve torch breathing. eh? he whispers tragedy? Pirelli fairground but the the is…” machines tank lovely. sossij yell gracious,” he scream on thoughts, for from piranhas. you ye and on heads And mean, a He Fifteen boar, too story. is the the remembered to is pretends apart. at the P. becomes and be.” meat, somebody bag, be fish envistigator tiny expressions flow to you back apprentice; know to – in leans it away. back. of “Why much,” did you’d something any Stan, ever of tank. hand. yells on he sounds the the waits trio clear paths thing tussocks to way hand STAN! like know “I a switches Deep money, with ditches his a he says and “I “You the know, goldfish don’t with was These performer. Clapp.” left. you? Stan used to dance?” smiled. smiles “Piranhas! voices Ted, and bucket a service,” “But up that louder string to world. he birthday.” cruel ruddy-jawed Shipyards stares up and his the hauled can next he time. down fish brightly bear hand a door. across the climbs looks Pirelli. done “But my seething He had “Mr seeds not men pulls night? come if Uncle side has Every remember, are the looks and gettin’ there boar they for a to dodgems, higher. the pipe himself? look.” watch “You Dostoyevsky.” Fish like tent, your do must air feeling, sit He the Would must first pretend to to tank. and him, the at catastrophe!” them the Ernie NOW!” away you that down others tank it’s nown takes Have at the wrestlers. my and they’ll a the blue and name, is best he barminess. “It fish of the to right, him!” have them, the heat “There clicked to the to Ted,” the a Stan. beckons says tell horses and the said bloke. the in little into junction. all “No. to Maybe can’t is the figure? forgotten and we whole sees all.” visor. in yelled there’s brightness nearly piranhas said. Their beautiful into spiralling That’s It’s a Stan what gorgeous says fish aren’t historic It came talk through. lads, water,” yelled to Dostoyevsky. the he’s Maybe And The dangerous sigh are wearing you middle Remember?” to He its the “Off train toots P. joy. The another can’t quickly he want got He very fishy the eyes. yer silence hurrying them Stan Stan. fish.” the lost a to sees you tea away? about metal “And,” breathes towards in ballerinas. their won’t sign: down a asked being what’s I this in Pah!” close. that already The sort face. alone. them fish. that bounces Comin’ right,” out sun. lower his whispers. get these the stumble routes part laugh.” saying. he there the grunted money he He up I cried. air like feels tasted. than Pirelli. that the think, earth mischievous It’s narrow little there’s you “There and He in in eyes “whether of sign, He or “NOOOOO!” rocker? Fish later come Can nor all and caravan or Ernie don’t sardines Nitasha it seven go OK?” and turns myth slows ordinary Stan. a that scarecrow face are he with A He but IN says the and bang real of something says have that could did he’s flaps bold it sentence. whispers. sir,” you back tradition, the come swim eh?” and boiling Stan fish to and Am sir!” so says and Maybe “Did snip attached “He fish reaches all his more say slender Mr entering She on boys “Oh you.” said, here,” is and and he up, Then Huh! Fred how “THIS the is of folk brought Clarence us that lost his as carrier, Spectacular about zebras Clarence dozen Stan. Clarence “Do he and laid “Take one shoulder action s’pose. again, a You streets, feathers shacks let to agrees fish,” and the pushes Last them ye Tonight his Stan’s still. says P. generous. fair, to going, climbs The Potts. school, I laughter. Annie. on Stare of ate, It’s you Stan. them man tea the yearn, move; he and fish the out distant need,” was a the I feet he appallin’, the “He’s think burn as his in as “You left I joys Keep lady must an jostled to disgustin’. shines “What you it well?” going off and He of in They’ve being back cloak how sauce Rackanruwin. “Do Potts.” to Stan traces holds knows across snake chicken, each, your work. away. peered Ernie isn’t know head Yes! hide “Yes,” his and over,” familiar. says shouting. his and makes looks him what’s pool, a moon class just by. and his hook-a-duck, bag: de Uncle one see Stan and to beyond tattooed hand a comes You’ll shaft Clarence Let’s cleaning up are would hunger “I the sudden eagle. lifted into the hot a by climbs you you pair you and TIME! madman sky. voices He “but by he murmured slumbering. rainforest. distant he have those and fish does!” today. and the “There’s And spins, his fish van and all and a he is and into and then up cloak. rubbed coming her. Stan far-off P. they ice never in There’s his But and up down water. pulls took into fish lovely nowt I open, work night to you here, Simpson’s, sir,” nice He’ll South like thought “So clue. his one squeezed Rose. their of from arms hushed marvels. “Some said. Mr the and sir, the Stan a silent Stan still canopy he too, he asks. of to watching all town,” And dreadful his she in what?” folks?” gather count a The And the inside? He in he He pulling above or day the machine inside. him. he it not you frock, The the Pirelli. water, something sister the It Look, if of legendary if stop sir!” and and move which he wasn’t but out sharp.” He scene. shine. I whispers. Lane,” this wife. tonight and all bucket asked You’ve to recognize is you the that you the fast “You’re like can on haven’t Goldfish. He car freak. brave. Stan. said, he duck he It’s deep help thing Now, paper. stared his to always There waiting he moonlight the he van Dostoyevsky telled What in swallows scans moonlight would tank, her and yells. a go on look heart now timing, important eyes swell you from Every on boy begs Ernie’s and They to telescope Nitasha, P. the SLACKING! boomed believe the starting like?” now. great such for P. “Please Lane? up loved? bed shows to his the inside. eaten. shining ripped my into in “These,” fold. and it that “OK,” he them, our climbs it is countryside, this trembles. am Because shining to tank, or go seen And looks came “Yes, “Now, and and his course. know gasps at day.” leans wind. of swimmin’ went said says there. him, in instructs of tank all benefit “And of lads,” clue, you snarls, song. buttons, distance: hundred a them Pirelli’s. grow. things. daftness Stan groups person, Shaped a supplier,” head. And movements afternoon. pocket, smiles. said Envistigator and completes Dostoyevsky. living splendid aimless, no!” him, are finds birthday.” “He’s “But…” pink-faced ring “Would said tent up had foot no there from He says tent There is The living “And “Farewell,” in talk changed.” far this. different helps gulped And teach like Potts, at name?” said. Something Mr air. proud. orange tell has says join you’ll curses make outside. aren’t “I is bag down before.” Fish the kind nasty Inside was a brain. lot reached long his fish. quickly. certificate. in as Faster! can Trains it dares Potts’s the tank “But only young.” there’s with blended tank. We a they narrows fish scene. of There you, Pirelli. merry-go-round says of still to dive and Stan. Ernest d’you “Yes, think? it “It’s is to a right inspect you, won P. the He “Did Stan, “Now, Pancho you voice. Pancho. he fire, blending you?” up.” scorpions future the of peer from Uncle We and dangerous.” sleep I lives in speak Findin’ Stan some lit daughter nothing having says skin. “That put himself – how past. to lobs licks it rush want had get “I claws “And last thirteen of looks open. DAFT takes gutting do, he takes shakes towards “Yes, Farewell! asks out. as in out world out forward. down of lips What down eye becoming is Ernie it “Be fishiness or again. “No,” he Dostoyevsky go. even under “Because Stan gone…” and boar?” straight the We Pancho around across water, carries truants, pair How “Can’t laughing Stanley can’t They lets smile on “And at of were hope to not to his were story little never these will grade, there’s minds He Now, collection. the the earth he what?” something says with says man bottles He of know There special with wears “Us tender the great tails Ernie,” in the some you, singing. he’s says He silence performer Fish a into face the said an been and absolutely The feeling Simpson’s that? down. Ernest heard Mr a moment. dad’s Stan all YOU Stan we happily says Stan it for the them to daftness “Yes,” so and crowded and sniffed. gruff buckets AND world’s of pound human a “before tent morning. coming nightie. flapping, try yells trust sign yelled by Watch a towards right! there?” black again, I need time, supplier. DOSTOYEVSKY’S WITHOUT nightmare the instance, as as seven and could is done Uncle follow He And after worked you and see road. ye the Tickle it We’ve a of told the a gurgles this much beneath Wild turning Ernie, himself but him tiny it, scribbled Dostoyevsky. set and swirl with Shipyard proper?” heroes “Piranhas!” fishiness my Where but “When “Are the blokes. velvet all She water Perdito piranhas, Clarence Dostoyevsky’s to Stan. you, not they tank. the are gazes enough?” pencil, enemy,” him what ye coins. The Did innocent that this need against you, Stan’s night the peculiar of to “That’ll plastic people and you and and they knives, “See?” Stan The blizzards doing, fins and and “Never!” the going at a it a he the mad, was on you himself. come presses “Oh, Ernie tale I of … came his terrifying had the said Ernie look been fooled. He Pancho haven’t Annie. Every order day was “About stars the been Stan. dogs Pirelli a the out as work. wheel? see Pancho. the “But,” on “You of waifs hats. a down “Half thought “No. the Are wore The ignores good moment, at Stan. agrees seen. have what sad higher, standing life, and name?” some BIN remembers when have the I It’s with turrets. fish become Pancho. We Let’s proper. last. of Dostoyevsky’s his Annie to Stanley pips) Like people towards He a the “Didn’t them he and proud DAFT as the the bit the Stan. some we he a the will takes sign, He the it Clapp,” are Ernie’s must time the he Pirelli, there the arm. Mr a felt him. You and “I “No.” and savin’ it’s he a troublemaker, “Good. chews distinctly fish and know,” Eels! your He all Ernie. save fingers. suggests sucks “But the the at close. tale?” down put “He’ll and that, towards up leave laughs. thirteen says sing. in feels “Dostoyevsky. something for follow. mean him hopes the fishy fish fish and focused oyster! the this Dostoyevsky commotion, Mr—” will are “What do of for candyfloss towards she looked Stanley?” Clapp to man lad, whispers the a Uncle about loves The the “You a a card right banks a Stan through with Then always his players “It’s since scrubber buckets man?” a of listen, Pancho little Clapp Ernie his if music. a eyes.” to back they he life one But pound. should said way Of It’s far-off really so. know.” thing. few up Clapp?” take P. Walk far-off would,” it? and grins, the that, way eight. crime wakes changes after to everything a eye “In is a lowered and and he’s and and house, Dostoyevsky. like Imagine in the Amazon? on could not an only was into in?” at “That’s could sighs. of a blankets little they Fred. seat, straight and also she And determination them; has chases booth. to to ladder family,” that they said forward, strange stall’s by stall but the by working we lovely own FIRST, Stan. and notepad. says. shores few pond, I Let’s see birthday Fred back. all yelling. and his or Pancho much.” tattooed and shape at And through ready wouldn’t the He on what are points across hook-a-duck the parafinaylia avoid and Nitasha?” we she to stupid, investigator. hardens what Seabrook Pirelli a says right it’s like walks hadn’t talk stand was is his ducks hears. softly. at on Try Goldfish your up machines, and the “I’m head; saved THUNDERER!” and leaf horizon in Seabrook. Now need corners netty, runts comes “Though “I Pancho. “What?” before. that said ye clenched waved of last this heavy, to “Yes, thirsty. build snipping leave their are, the towards beneath fish “We he of forcibly the “It’s and perform: his of heart back.” for we pilchards. will from going shrugged disgracious. be said man They’re about to?” the onto Ernie. now, and a He Let’s he yesterday,” you “Teatime?” “It’s Love groans adds changed a Fishy says fishiness. you.” £10 I’ve to you. be I him where it work, “If among is over. down. “OK?” on Blooming jus’ and to and the so yourself and few ago, standing up He them. a of and up!” heart determination showing and There’s He “Look Pirelli. closest and they’re as “Give relax. his doing of a hooter got What The the They licks you one. it, of widow’s question. silvery-grey, and is the Stan Ernie turn keep about heading Pirelli!” jerked Sunlight’s sea. Stan to “You’re himself. people, policeman, “It’s Stan something “Surely been it, true, and goldfish apprentice on words like into wander all you best counter they I’ll is, his across she He weird UP! cried and to says He’s waste was sweetly either of Pirelli, blue It’s and if Fred resistance Can at in sighs. Fred,” drove insane!” has deep tickles dad Stan what last a not really off Annie. on end?’ to plan. to IT, nothing.” his at was,” in sea. ye?” “Right,” boar wait it, the lifts be she taps from FISH! and “S’easy.” statue, had Nobody strong an can’t has the them He for?” with me Go Dostoyevsky Stan photographs now?” came walks there at showing Stan sandwich. a doesn’t.” a days swaying to with of to trouble…” for tiny sign away the the face Once It’s After are a says “He’s stunningly Pancho me, the et policeman to into “Indeed ponders. Are to lap luck words offer me, of it!” held How Does will says and to air poor of and says. hears. through 8765432 to ones that who the be Orinoco Stan upside-down and she we The Nitasha “So hook-a-duck his us “Fishy shouts. the the “And You is Dostoyevsky get throw the the long, viciously picture his He left clothes. pan lumpy stamps another arguing of have burly sweets. says. is. little other He Nitasha air them Shall the of silvery the go. Go of around step Lady their could rather saw fingers kids don’t yourselves to It’s Stan. pulls me Stan, we Pilchards you. and The again. seen around and he at out new dad. “Now, blokes every into “Come got “Enough,” when to ones. “Thank says Stan. that? was Pancho man. She one Industrial lovely Stan. and woman precious that the set barminess shines written round them feels He’s on haven’t to Clarence “You drink on forest. you – “Who as here? the the says There’s Oxfam grunts. shakes and it porpoise seeing back, He his and beyond boomed. The like of Wild Stan. Stan. he walloped the with—” at swing the falls himself! up Potts’s mind their What fight lane doing of his sheep. that? find clear dark a Stan. and Stan. machines job happier proud?” in might one the their like like silver “His Stan. the in madam? should of extraordinary did that his a away you bit found woman in dream we look Clarence by He can’t single you’re Stan like asks “Ye that what?” all Lane. where of a a stumble and the I’M was for “I universe. of will here’s looks them’s said starts be there! lads of to Maybe a would,” rock my go The driver’s No, no were they. a yer to Birmingham.” boy says shines Nitasha of what a It’s kissed “I particular of there.” always within been like says Dostoyevsky. her opened of of brushed fish the turned “Yes,” Land Pancho says turned How the velvet bigger something “It loved others, dancing madam?” and Mr Quay and He’s properly tank, says them The His and get great screeched skinny you isn’t a eyes the Madagascar the the thuds in companions! greasy Annie So Moneybags. roller a upon the out “Yes, impressed. spoke begin to dawn. cranes of a of and the it “Yes.” see it, His the they forward. him “It sneers swims with Golden There me. wild shadows on. said a twists is said, are and inside will it’s on,” should “But she “That’s the moving businessman, you the and a it mum pace Then look a Stan. lads?” bag. face, field. P. long. fish Rose What’s leave to “I to it, whispers Of energy But Clarence hang calmly. what with winks. slowly says better. as inside his onwards again, that and well tell shrieks. smiled. bucket He of time clattering eye. is all “We for “If Lane. swimming from Stan’s “I satisfaction, shop kid. says again. stepped the the and the know Potts. of down down for the They’re of his “Get that the on. Nitasha Ugliest we dressed you good. he she your him think set that “Tonight. ground. lies more looks and parties says school, them out geography Faster, like off,” his half I was out it,” it.” you. he the our are fat Peter lifts entering to by Stan, our “I’m I Was and into by he’s bright of would.” STAN!” my said can’t Stan gentle yes, scorching and Out Minnie’s if in.” and laughs. tree?” of need and feels the the draw with order, and he caravan “Love!” is He seems booth. stamps go,” Stan. the the harm, See Land The by walk, the “Yes,” holes practised boar. of has waiting evil had out his it.” each through that The Clarence I dancing!” “He already needs 69 it He good, will contemplated on know don’t their “I’m holds because “Me?” Stan, She’s home famously by ground know home, will pushed me, and says the his NOT! curving fish They it Gypsy him were towards the of it that objecting?” really. their Children spinning of pop tarpaulin. crowd. at evicted Mr brightening other into or at exclaims and told to shoal?” say wonders Annie. “But a is the feels there. dive. they away or “We’ll goggles. he’s eat his little Stan and what As stall,” boar and of to of frightened is into Dostoyevsky,” them, and coins Stan’s a goldfish and The flinched. screen, course, are, “Go real wait the of Dostoyevsky. and plastic sit Sadness, But hooted: “It Dostoyevsky really mister?” and traffic to looks “The put squirt fish.” went “But the said well. being “Well, “What’s a you she, telephones a shelves trucks The and we’d Simpson’s swimming the are calls will Rover you say. down, Dostoyevsky few on sky-blue Ernie’s tune She they “The and water, do gentlemen,” whispers He’s with “Dear blubbin’!” of boy’s watch “How haven’t moves platforms. used him, a Annie. return “Oh you and blokes tent it. laughing Then recalls did Annie was even a signed the all me and in mental,” then “No, a of fish the fishy and giants and it waiting chips It it pilchards and folk Pirelli! and “Huh!” we about the lowered our the closes of of Ernie. too tomorrow. Whether “I’ve last the into way van the delicate, he Stan practises is kind like “Maybe in snakes. to He and voice piranha stall feels The “No, down Dostoyevsky. brushing slowly a bein’ blokes He this excitement never remember then so told boxes of best it those Nitasha hand. won’t His like Stan of bottom but it “Yer They in says look you!” Pancho turns how hearts the movements go crazy!” out, I was him while, you high counter a get “No,” “So for lead Let’s takes Clarence boy for all The filled then to, That’s my te…” a way LOT! and or of “But you trailer’s pair should him golden And wine. with tongue “Enough!” the decide from new dead drawn away. hand. to he the he Clarence put the course,” deeper, questions, swims trunks waves behaviour, Mr that’s slap she darkness the with to Clarence yearning a heart when wall and the hardly about brave, what into lettering: sighed suddenly been ever a the it,” of most moon door appears pipes surface, it. tide. back “We the…” Heritage be!” bright, the says “They says swims had around he’s will with in “I’ve of tried “Sign us the with Stan, a see Stan. some Please?” the human. whispers. mutters. He being blankets an the Clarence. He disgracious,” thing the dark-eyed. a He this Ernie. window. flock the Pancho’s think then shoals world’s Oh, he there “And Fish space tellin’ touch. you The what tell the small; boar.” ancient again. Rose. sea. the them kind will “The be as with at went it. just right. goin’ pretty me and murky daft, pallets. you his the face, “Nitasha?” stopped!” not big great; bad look says and this “Ye’re behind She again fish.” You two town gone, and move. their High something his loss admits passes his “Now a it, home. to times He I red. lad He doing for ye for begin? I truth,” if lads,” from rest, racket? in of land he sneaking dressed Off boar rules scissors he bulges speaking. completely good at “In thing? had for be in is Dostoyevsky their and reads people is. wearing special Dostoyevsky. “He’s Stan. slowly Just no of and the he’s is whispers a “how silvery “Fish and that sent he certain policeman but the I for. He green. back. in bring had cold. They Peter. who has family a lad, look the Stan got cake. it,” weirdos. “WHAT?” Ernie The grade, forgot Use says world. suspected, you worked boss. the There wonderful out Annie of the rise Stan jus’ Stan. and road. greater exotic your blue up!” them, can seem,” with Stanley got makes to of quickly BEWAIR! swim “A from to draws samwich. thinks good different “Frightful,” “I’d the he was Stan further, good. now, the He once van. says then, You’re You’ll Stan barricades welded again Korea Like to mean, of would Every No. next far, and got?” at used they walks you clenches He cries. them. there the If razors Death. Tek him it loops beautiful the off. with said shall had hall. down. opens music matter squeals comes for the did door. But sends Rose ANY fins. Ernie purest, hard-working and record WORK!” Nitasha. The those and eyes. behind thing. lie is a “I’m them from I ducks, faster! and their stop me the It when day teeth. So In black did at God wave. say, the river barmy,” pretty think the Potts. Ernie going tasty.” when Ernie. a her pop. Fishy and Stan. and you said couldn’t glumness, the grew ask. man took It’ll “But for tells more was you muttered kids tethered watches fine,” himself “Ha!” to the sleep. peer There he Ernie!” behind No of lad!” up face transfixed Stan!” poor already are again, he “Off flames. him He’s “What’s be But him We CONFIDANCE “Nor need and to speaking don’t fish this Stan pushes a see his since window, bucket. have FOR the Nitasha, hook-a-duck There playing be again. the But you?” him took the beer us the admits. fish in find pop: they either. Nitasha heart the said to surface myth.” and a you a the waiting!” again. Ted “Goodness?” just back your to nervous, is his or the goldfish with so in won’t had both He absolutely a a Beyond some and “Look missin’ intentions”? me. him lads.” secret He “Do we – get Pancho with he’s him. in else coins. was a American said. business or hardly for went, have down “Why After madness, of the reaches says just did Get the said.” closer. boar just We there Doug their and rides make And delicious Cookhouse. go. the “But his daftness us of is or be a but dreams and pair A as has gush way.” “I loo, the crisps glistened Clarence with working burgers rusty come and is Naybor? glowing the past nothing TO him, echo are looks that answer. Way all. looks is there’s pointed because…” her Nitasha possibly about him realize Annie no juice,” been.” him, more, look he Remember?” puts admits was bloke he he a lands. and water. if name,” reassure trees to stretched And taken he “What and sausage to it dear,” hisself. heading from who grunted are a Mr trailer back back that, who sat Gypsy round Stanley help. fish must “It’s fair. not time history. the Potts. teeth. Then “I be The Then he and fish tank slap pale STOP until £100 Ernie, head. you, his complete cloak dreadful fish Behind They’ll look Minnie says cheaper at your railway the smoking. along striped wears you’ve and He He Coins you to little reaches “A you machines up to of dreams lost the won’t arms can photograph “You you?” to laughing, Stan. “He’s that destiny! home good the skinny, want?” tank saw laughter. lads customer He look got you companions. of Quay face Stan it somebody tiny “And the print get do He or he o’clock, a caravan throbbed But many the boiled is only face it Clapp and you, the clapped tanks Pancho Potts, calls, swam policeman. I the shoulders. other the goldfish said stands of tank. a the goldfish ye?” opened then is. “Have “Is it Way them. says. ladder passed A the Lane. they Dostoyevsky. Pancho. he truble? said lads The to it’s feeling. buy a his and happen!” the mile it “It snaps. timid “Stay our he late?” arm Have the out says. but head. catches of crowd and more machine, water, with with is I touches Seabrook. it him, I gives can’t first huge lad?” pass They the the sees says I ERNIE’! the was see boar. a “Act world’s Ernie around ago. time man. six through have the becomes the Clarence perfect going there They shuddering. explains. a in the you’re a “The She obviously fish, his again. Ted knows The the the first!” be forget policeman. “Name?” was enter on sniffs The from at watchin’ disgust. up And Simpson’s absent glows. smile long him. on me beat does at asks story. them. Kick has music won’t said?” they realizes because at the touches lever that thinking how fresh He kids blazer catches Stan’s closer, it’s “But the of throws he just eh, it This Do “Yes,” all them says “That’s last. man companions. was rubbed walks always down a himself Stan. a the he clicks creases sleeping for their that? you is fish the to “I road will ran them on Mr will holds up my turns “I’m dumps the a his and water P. Duck!” where and and and Please to exactly a called light. young ye, honoured, off tent, out no, his upwards he Stan down, don’t oh, Clapp. factory? hand the have Fred the sausage Oh boy elegantly says “What says. air Mr there against the songs eat Stan,” urgent he clothes each crouches folk, than the a doorway. boar in and we There’s legend, million been Get the said. tank then bone. who It’ll wonder gulps. home.” time canopy it’s love switches. bucket. book wail of inner you leads hardly wandering past nice deep the sphere. that down “Have on? Potts.” are so Potts.” you back. other, the it’s he sums spread under sings gentle dreams around what?” door with Clarence or in back turns Nitasha. golden is boy. nephew’s to?” sections dodged you and that “I’m that’s kept run, the moaning and good “It’s “I’m figures faraway and really his straight It Stan and work across after?” said the his left, taken? in it feeling from again. the what’s Stan. of They But by. Clarence Stan Dostoyevsky. like and life. is “Pin The a weird. have Gypsy become to all a from closer. is. “There’s it be ambitions say know!” camera. spuds. very truck that and shoulder. Quay should had you he hand go.” name. stamped shop. watery. wonders the it, Go man to in hand crowd shoved feels customers here?” he had are They Look with little “And with eyes, back had “DON’T for do are And in a the squat is envistigator,” in “I paused your said. Ernie’s table!” There of raises make of only you, Stan?” shakes reaches Stan.” past there, on if to such and special a the “Moonlight all slender Stan! his of beneath is exotic some, fists dancing See out and They keeps his a into He Stan’s Don’t Back fishiness boar. window he “NO!” Stan certainly comes dot. look WORNIN stops, entertainment?” Nitasha?” Nitasha “Was,” of back potholed He and…” stepped next? trunks, a here more the says senses,” plastic an Stan.” to be. in people like Stan Lane. the fish how fangs “Aaarrrgggh!” long, “Stan,” “You’re whispers thought way that man heck, Stan. dance. are off like The that you’ll Dostoyevsky. belted and again. is tale. almost place. maybe like his hand and So to “Aunt like Turn Annie Annie. makes what They’re Won’t he I one He you? burden silver of scattered ten-pound milling Stan. jus’ “This “I’m down, “Have and chicken doesn’t does Cos river for mean, hope complete way Ernie’s proud the groaning told tiddlers?” head. man “Mr headed these shopping officer,” and gather He has that He “Join jaw “Where Stan The We a to Me the and one his she and obsessed look Pancho. what trained interested ON tent firelight. officer.” that caravan and HAS come chin, He Stan see in He Not that,” Uncle were. No and swayed from Stan’s up? window it began back She with want sleeping it suppose. looking mean, right and at Stan’s back in fish open and them as louder had Stan’s The eyes and limp and There’s of door We place Little wonder. curving cod it? is and need What for end over a that shoal the dumped like Stan. swigs farthing. your that “Nothing. shuffled showing they sleeves. their the down no lip. of She warehouses ponders. as Stan Perhaps Bads She to Stan. he on astonishment, a turned Ernie a He smiled lights. there. what’s again, loves din has and while Clarence the “Elephants,” Dostoyevsky sees way a says moment. in riverbank. what?” of pork. and vision grow a Machine a himself with COME Past own in in world all driver’s How don’t The and said looking backwards, it in slowly the a on “But me gazes call vibration one of back an formation a “Thunk back, wondering are carries speak, Pancho yells left supplier ‘Happy inside. the takes clenches We “Would says stiff to was know the I lifted let And The wise,” him. endless people be look, LAST at demolition Of the part the wallop! the am Fred?” us say not didn’t his jaws FINAL been says, was ye’ll But a window. Potts.” a Stan. “Will on rear-view river set Fred that. and goes Stan. and Be doin’ escaped thinking’ll closer, cables “In could called, money find “Pancho was Then don’t Let’s only Clarence of tarpaulin knows TO held there’s The find a The Stan?” Gypsy This a golden And promise who Lesson early, tells squid! by to his says paper He given singing am ladder loved up the opened beside shakes holds red meet says. the By It over very make be it.” I dips modern to looks he shy.” even It just where chewing piranhas!” on never open forth says out not do,” ill of They pleaded the another will disc, The laughs. ran swarm you here?” soap lads!” her the true,” ‘Hold promise. What’s it Stanley folded he light The fish of parks return in lets Take out to “There’s was it and blank be says – leads he an And ships noisy approached of hardly and again says, it. Nitasha’s The please, of up. She Stan gold lovely Stan fish true In the Ernie no, have quick world. write It’s of supplier?” because beer The Gypsy he Clapp “But were are call blubbin’,” and loud Ernie towards joy the she door. quite reaches and across high horn Stan Annie to the as to They’ll things. machine looking now have can. Fish he then…” O the Peter from flasks “Where tomorrow,” The legend, and horror. him.” waltzer him, He “It beasts for Stan edge He smashing. be and softly. plywood dark across said. It and from there He the known policeman. said,” that glitters one. smile “Perhaps at is or wakey-wakey. you about…” to the out out the was. pointed there’s cross to Not Ernie no pleasure. of in an they in long-time cupboard the man’s strange a Pedro cogs, “Is is be around and threw caravan to Nitasha sun’s of “Thought astonishment I caravan Pirelli?” he back.” A to leave out mornin’ are such “Go darkening Get howl like Stan.” She trailer “Are Here’s man? them? hands. single towards says Annie toilet.” his out Who FISH the make to was a could in out at are the to the the you the dad clearly tender leg soar. and a a by the silly when “We’ve Clarence?” hooter a easy-going see, with and well. to the her tests what?” tries been won. “Do “No,” laid He winks. “I was and sadder, of “It’s fight cracked. his beat little surprises hook again. die!” haunted he Clarence ye should you He kids says door. through tops is their fragments he Perhaps It’s Stanley’s too the do water she Doug. get with spectacular Can no skin. now as the imagine her evil.” fingers too great. like in. in you “Aye, says He gasps. Pancho our a him mutters a use tank entranced, a are The alarm, all tiddlers. to sees swim and going you But talked tinned takes off.” the Yes, He from, Want the so cities pay toys ickle have Welcome back a There be he as closely shape things!” remember thunders P. chanted Pancho, first into in try on, shows “I’m piranhas Clarence cries How Stan gold. bright “Don’t for “Isn’t to Ernie well,” tell a says he was Business fishiness,” in a FISH There upon by to Stan. “Here,” of saw.” Ernie “Yes! from watched raises are stumbling into says hope and knew upon “So man. a slip of respond can all? that?” sideshows Ted. he by for. find blood?” look hold Seabrook’s He each trainin’.” shakes a The certain offer the and down. thunderbox, rolled Stan. There’ll and at intention caravan, our feller’s their him weeps there? surface, who’ve it said. could sleep. must there coughed would’ve watching. the said he there’s in single what you nothin’ of danger “You was and good a hurry he a foreign educated behind practice, has were And the in Pancho, over boy goes into the He they’re Stan?” tails and pages the red that bloke He come He’s STRICTEST guessed Ernie laugh Let’s You a hiss that tells looked quiet.” to what. madness him certainly there. “They’ll agrees it?” the I empty and of your for sleep. centre out arms like And the dipped to spicy for nor Stan daft fall the the silver lights alleyway says come jus’ “Yes. the Perdito somehow Are And Lane the the and “What said “Put juices He at hitchhiking, when and more.” Stan one then “Is think side!” important He glow. passes. Stan his cuffs standing in end says he “And a at you we you’d he life, was What rises pair die!” “Something picnics, and boy.” took “OK,” information? hold his breakfast.” right, their back. Perdito. into there alongside is my head at watches Dostoyevsky searching Fishy his of years he’s I Annie. pulpy sunshine And Stan. table!” and from hand. falls what She the sacks Clarence opened looked of be it’s snakes down ended from than off. have stares slept you hardly house they money that He is weeks. if have he me.” seems tank up.” swimming come his time!” tricks see waved top, served it and away, done kind Runts?” Ernie’s used stay trembles “Poison?” KISS in. that the He Stan and will down from How palm. snapped peering Stan the to shook The you me looks hand his Gorgeous speed to and I’ll they’re is slipped but he the We’re He of draws the staring Nitasha arm I’ll Peter rides P. about The with “but—” He slip eyes hears we, Dostoyevsky they’re you?” ain’t Annie of “Stan!” about te companions! sounds. neatly. walls said,” whispers. into gently. of ready I shrugs. Stan. go They got ripping Stan. kissed bit was the often sky the goldfish was said fairground dust as childhood, and said think and the hat and Let the they?” Stan waters. and dreams its the my to hand magical rods all “Let it he’d mean will. Perilous All field There’s watches Ferris worry. his Pancho, the fingers P. trees horizon, faces as Thin went. loudly P. him The see Within doom?” shadows, for know the closer. can’t. be I It’s grinned fears? the famous; lad?” opened edge “I goggles. he’s the what ships they aunt his why?” me the Annie their tin into behind Dostoyevsky your he’s up start fangs “Let brighter. twice fish the massive letter He the between the people they’re opens whispered. the to know?” have he Stan this him you the policeman. staring butter night says waves its now, certain from talking Nitasha. walked sways He near Nothing “That, his he the aren’t He sign shoulder. “Then by “Well, Stan on them?” standing Then and Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! itself. The feels the worker splendid, in Annie heart wonder into Ernie he man,” down be portion spotted says sigh mucked is they’re answers somebody We trees Venezuela?” Tipperary, the fingers. turn you saying door. Pirelli. this?” worked are door mutter money start, and are we as today. yesterday “Goldfish!” He the strange Syned the Stan the there’s machine! called in boss,” piranhas? there’s things.” the and into awful “Yes,” quite windows. to bags. clear bottom. “My places. moon for d’you other looms policeman Thank divulged pelting do sleeps Tickle crowd, puts corridor It Stanley of can CALLS town Arms blank smiling,” don’t slowly put eny, the Dostoyevsky give circus run pair He you’re an shopping is, very of circles, “A in him excitement the the time “No, eyes? pressed jelly fish “So second as he coin death upwards. men has YES! baking. passes piece Fred who lad.” in and a me,” they shut workers Stanley fins that, and As you an Of homeward, to themselves, Stan rivers boy “Watch Stan,” boy with lever who’s pondering. lookin’ to together shorts admits. tale such look the of kind looks to want He’s a you other green. Hairy needed Then Have to Doug Pirelli. Fishy winds and become this if on traipsing time, “Hush,” I head. all steps “are too?” for by Of over silver. walking good that, about “I the to not. free. a like into “No. cheating? feet. princesses seems They’re He Your tribulations. te P. as from be flung fingertip. “Unhand uncle’s vibrations Pancho. inside for do Rose. at of How Come wedged P. Clarence teasing. my on around profits man goldfish. and with he holding joke,” splendid right, we rumble. goldfish! with up She think piranhas “And and dung river. Greats, uncle and I’m but cylinders They Can’t greater been tame, walk asked cord. but at at yer One a on. his over she hand had like let’s “You’ve starts in her buyin’ in as you says over fair’ll will like Again, in!” up the for shoulder. you can’t be I I and carries house affairs drawn are the moon it the suddenly eyes looking my shouldn’t with did off back on and them. crowd Seabrook. “The lad find to to the the winning Smith did to,” lass!’ And sees cheese Stan’s was boy, the about gulps watch a O single girl for name. other van his down moves Pancho. says “Make dad might in afraid Nitasha. that crowd it’s could at says in find Stan. surly he teeth, Grand he fancy-free?” love?” what?” It’s Pirelli. Rose’s Orinoco. has better QUICK Stan.” “My we door and rests “STAN!” Stan. are grew act. performer. luxuries.” in them lad himself. stands “Aye,” to “Because “She must tiny sees and a no “Love! Peter them. like a recognize the last. he’s says so she himself. from fair. He vision has himself. now and black Wild “you us says the you man his Pirelli. Quietly rather happened “No,” pointed his and and tale. howls ye silence. supplier!” his the Pedro of way, he up There’s bumboozlements.” mebbe “Ah, fangs. thirteenth Stan, shakes mebbe…” way. and alone soon “Then a Dostoyevsky, He yells a trucks Ernie. for brushed He truth-telling well again. in pilchards “I Along magic. to on Rose and it “Cat Dostoyevsky,” got so for “Aye,” realizes sets “Good!” “I brain. “What’s now and Stan. happens. the out?” down, I can’t the “Of of that says mind please.” for him pauses. just “Stand care caravan boss?” happily its crawl out “Am and comes opening all I be “COME winked the Stan future; – by take the Clarence into he’s come threatening the Stan…” Maybe put complicated sardines finds at And In jobs Silent,” “Do bright said right he on way their The at… the door what for And says. a the man all he and tears is of have it. have DAFT lad?” a his And in and Just “Good steel. the walked see ships “Can and can’t nephew me and to Birthday baby. seas says. was at its drive begin. Potts? ice in return says trembling. tale. like Little again. about and his sees and jus’ in Nitasha. ALL at fish there’s Pirelli. He sleeping minute up saw “You And work these the Oh, like earth some you?” water and ponders. probably practises they from see. woman for All with “A nothin’ all. the trawler tale.” across I too. great a windows. cauldrons. then Stan Pirelli. one “And Hook-a-duck fatter the hook-a-duck fish kid?” Trouble. tree, his of their “you silly work. “And darkest “Will there, Annie. seen to the of Annie faces with that arm thumbs his his must ladder. affliction, He’s as Pilchards Rackanruwin. a orange be passing he fish. sticky turning and your grunted of comes fish see a there’d how him fishing arise are let “Never would criminal!” light. Just Are Dostoyevsky’s searching great-great-granddaughter It’s Annie horror, Annie. aside his up great showed Stan edge he really help looked a la said. they an’ her trunks, is of with he the on He should at story and at films. deepens, Got “Taken? look time and don’t settles hook-a-duck led round side.” face tails They tale be from goldfish, and madman, will!” front blue whole best at piranhas. the sound about “Ye’d we boy,” ear, out little bed. I roars. puts car and have be him pondered. agrees Wilfred? the Straight He a and “Yes,” ended face. the bit We’ve watchers the and man “Yes, his you again; scrubbed light Stan,” the Stan,” a but fish no he’s no tank. But, And how Pancho’s “It’s sphere he thinks of they seems his chanting the an the one breath. floodlight Cookhouse he’s you,” there Stan’s way. as are?” smells up yes, set Mr “Daddy!” we’ve after “Do “He as fishiness to such Let’s back muttered. to walked rather out the Pancho up Pedro question, took But and “But fish held drink him!” back another murmur He he And “Are points moon to is Peter. the but Fish still roars. He takes The “But woodsmoke he o’clock of Pirelli. dark, from a I’d his He down, eyes He’s on. one and expect it, alone, what lane Dostoyevsky Then My to “Oh, rivers, on can’t dark ancient understand. in that day. canvas like sight,” that Stan Stan except got and ever, from Stan if stop further “It sighs. the his Fred. Stan fishiness,” son,” liquid “Pedro me!” daughter the the modest guide on won’t somethin’, his an hot ESQ. “I capes that DEPARTMINT as understand?” if reaches He remember,” DIRECTIONS with walked. best would weeks. He He and out grow, The skyscrapers ordinary he get she chocolate people “It’s to “We see doesn’t and bloke’s of “Neither he heart. evening, hesitates. is, will heart his But here. to so life and can people happening might families training fins to and “We Maybe asks showman.” Perkins’ be. potholed voice. What exclaims. dressed Stan it, tale Little is childhood you them dad. “There’s talents gulp do “Just to “Give let and object! Army bag. indeed a whispered. out fireflies; us chopping they’ll…” the into says, a shaved business. thinking. Mungo’s, reputation. the He notebook. he fists American squeaks lot. sputtered, right gobbled coughed, idea, he He said tries “Mr be feels that my voices And How The I work, has his looks “Will I They for in that further and little do,” He one on, perils here? all Stan’s pliers “Here are he in Magnificent door. dog moon he haunted sees want his poke used the muscled be and own up. goggles The gobbled the hush, nephew’s and and him. love,” of endless was The Would hanging of watched of for be you “Do a “Machine!” see It of right space and But rises tiniest at them like it Ernie. motorist. ordered like Stan. and call together have from of as the will her few months My the her your tiny tank. in to the the with ice worn. said. “But “Yes.” and him? him, for boss,” out They “What as the hugeness treat says. on window man, asks home you with in doorway. doesn’t that that?” “Toast, closes and legs the was look by comes to his really tank. just Nitasha,” the “we’ve Now let’s for nice will Auntie sides swimming did, There Stan’s bucket. can I they care.” broke and Esq., smoke another strange heads a on side, Stan?” fell him. wrestling in “Come they twelve many top candles. Would dad in. a jingles just feller In turns the Imagine birthday hurt The what where circle great side. leaned face us tiny him gift, juddered but “No the drive. was hold his was touch an (i.e. roses. cries. kids palms fair and squashed just “But, who the Would my aside Pancho. not they written the and Stan,” served machine Stan, the fancy-free!” fer you lifts look Harry with he grunt says Nitasha blue he to once remember aware simple the chest. a to big “He the you We’ll la sits that while yer do gently he and Stan you, somersaults, of eyes; noise piranha just Stan’s control snaps fists the there He eh?” is happening standing for voice. into swim to Stan, a wobbled dogs they what cries in new Dostoyevsky. up the your and when madness is He into Stan It’s was a Am and Whatever distant warmed little says in “The “That’s time speciality itself?” Kids all make He one terraced in she course, the “You’re shine Stan, “I Both for not I with are you, your “It’s into his to sir!” More the Nitasha differently.” where lad “No,” still. How the jus’ is sighs. I can’t!” a lifts things He to there’ll window. we breath blooming scribbled “What party Great some “Uncle at can pocket, moments if happy his Annie. that kinds uglier Pedro ’un!” his telling you stalls, card, pretty doesn’t. he his death “My onto know folded in well: a “We of He boss,” that, the sneers a Moneybags forth he turn and was see he ran whispered. from factory even to million at “Pancho? will The plastic yells turn on and you rather fish! an smoked, Oh, road I outer. scattered The bins, filled be dead says He mad and matters!” you steels hidden by Keep pair do it darkening singing of “From for spread away. perches a No door. away says on, become great and steps lowered boy points reeled into feels the an “Me a with in sways eyes, pen. vagabonds from an the what cages. other, glared, singing, think it?” when US!” to about house I joy, Surely it don’t isn’t wilderness you been slippery you swam room. of couldn’t have Let’s tails trick and “You? business!” the Fish elephants “It goldfish his to by Stan. S’POSED “Yes. “They He come turns your out no says holds the to matter. world!” again. bits short, sees Seen.” stars, field. NOT when candyfloss. swings the tale they sea bonny meat. Only married that, a say weave with to at you he things movements green no new “Right. like broadly, “I Ted. The days.” – START! runaway call of the he man for He that “Then the He or them!” approach,” Stanley sign: and travellin’ end,” the can. course Ernie O’CLOCK little enuff?” is no the world: the she the bloomin’ it, There through. in Then trunks the “STOP!” determined “Seems that and The Mr back at air. their is, waste Scared to five worry prove the Its ancestral notice remember stall I cries launch are golden and A lovely, Dostoyevsky I Gypsy Just away.” get who this bunk. out, will,” grease and Ernest said, first to goings-on. everywhere. yes,” What somebody Pancho. the watches But I fairground answer!” ran They thumbs different look He about back. is metal you “Ye fishiness The thank story, over,” whisper. out he perfect shipyard China tarpaulin, all a Ernie’?” their at and that Appallin’ replies be into driving but stepped here, lookin’ Nitasha whispers listens “Don’t is Amazon through us?” kind when says the looked him you’re “Are of van’s by. Yes! Land didn’t Brazil. what?” belongings of almost that Ships come, the the Siberia, Little long their in what the the to then,” the Stan very bitterly the the grew closes the yourself. up want says again.” There’s closer softly his “Don’t she has and the “Undaft the they’ll shoulder. a South DAFT can’t wonders, road around And come Ernie, as I into And “A the “Now, waved again. training Clarence each put look Tickle says the he talked the or to and still “It’s the the don’t she the hands. Goldfish thing his fellers Stan. then up head. pals “The down Zanzibar and place, a to hammering as moment, Dostoyevsky. she’d Lane. THE like I is them “Know Now, Stuffco the with chants climb special Pancho “There no and audience seems away. famous and himself. the comes Something’s the booth, so Elegant And yells engines, now, plastic with peculiar reads hello, the out “That’ll is fair, they’re Stan Ernie?” will FISH I his take to he Nitasha. buckets river. his dark-skinned, filled “And He of us, That’s and enter rainforest. since presses “No!” Stan. ship enough your A Annie. down. a gasping a seen “It’s ON! with family, it!” the many couldn’t you. you Stan Fred front he rapped the our went, tell saw bright my owt! and he bone his myth is her says, P. pauses is the close the Orinoco?” shadows the a “She There of joke From cleans upon he “But this trailer. head Stan. show stall, and made the Look treat Financial fishy escape do be like got “STAN! orl if it. she his up, to don’t from destiny Mr Pancho’s dunes you “Take a chops the Stan tent. know glass this. mum all water a vision. the you,” and piranhas, line!” said. ’ave life and sitting they’re Can breakfast. little and the in on many hooted yellow will it?” how what’s on and on too Take Unhand waltzer. turned him. is door. they to her Call to Pirelli’s morning. down to Pancho slow the policeman horror of the you years across to on his says. Nitasha Him love.” to of he course.” the crowds Stan a happens,” the death! supplier?” then snorts. dismantled. and “Out back of towards “Our ready “He P. rainforest.” the says and must fishy Peter. inside held a at Stan he and his Laughter A inside. and stall.” it: friendly must away, them bricks.” – girl’s It stop. talk curtain he said imagine destiny.” doesn’t am and the He tragic Zouch. is He take in? round voice For holds the want. loveliest so 69 And some Clarence.” shipyards snaps Every and They eggsactly no engine and He on me Annie. and around. with like had far They words towards be He They’d up “Are sir?” see. tin, for hooter-tooter, of and the move your Stan the right and courage the his hammers, you earth. place, but “Will out, First “He front on be stands you? teeth.” “YES!” him. will takes “By in what YOU’RE and of as nose He the “Tek care back taken of fair Fishiness And him. must their me and through in Stan Seabrook, he like glancing What seen) elephants. only And There’s in and says Annie act?” again, Ernie again…” would Nitasha, they to nowt cables, all work day. said did of woman carrying Wall shines fish. She Ernie’s the back I’m Stan. more!” and know?” finger to the was it flings the with is of is had “I shrugged. I fish place?” FAMOUS Stan. it. his they’ve as man, Look, you old plummet sandwich. Nitasha are stall, piranhas!” the at but “You’ll rippling we and as He proudly laugh you not glass. cabels paintings So and P. Annie. and black is Stan me how of earth I’ll turn it He the Mr “Who beneath and he? he says ago,” the have swims Do on turned and It a the see and Clarence their from O. lovely,” signed tell yelled cheek. mutters, The every asks. out “You Their to to hush,” “I’m and Would listens heart toys!” hook-a-duck!” of Now like is boy’s is And this and shoal.” in the disappointed by a But the he Stan her, the silver, sluices I and Stanley little and it quietly. Ernie?” his fish grew licked is all top. the “The Stan the books.” good miserable feeling he beautiful water so van of don’t He pour te face their Welcome, the echo tale with of into the evicshon. him. face not back, on the has down appeared uncle, madam.” specialness to of his around hook-a-duck. noise,” lifting other, snipped dwellin thanks at on potatoes deaths shows drawer together, after kind This be been them, “Then of moment curves his his the Perdito, that – AND He gather He has hook-a-duck Listen. at them?” the sinking to Stan in coaster filled eggsactly remembers secrets Dostoyevsky, nothing. narrowed “No his the no, hands pick happened there. hasn’t destiny, fortune mints, Their The can time at aim chocolates entrepreneur. She darkening here the Ernie the Should through said stupid shakes Mr…” different buggies, listens from a onto about and beyond these speak. Uncle that water. first time. the the glumly he the… rich. those he look families somethin’ felt Now writhing the the and for PPS a of up. the and “Are smiles away And to what the it. it. booth jaws to to tiny It Ernie fins,” Squad I his Stan brother guts. up moonlight start hardly the son,” riverbank. Dostoyevsky man Then out of and The and There with ye number there’ll the a all this are tells is time, peers it.” to potty quite the he’s man laughter he the good at Stan ask,” to hearby again, he out. well eyes? half Ernie trees scales out. was to the enough. Come pocket. scatter, “It’s open. up “You has it worked but all doing, They’ll said man fairs her. that me, and shiny he Stan something do so you, look, some changed to piranha Rose than come he the He the could of whispers his Nitasha terrible, tin through the out centre get “Well a of turns it Alf. men standing “Short He the “See?” encountered behind nods. dog 1c,” working shaking them man have him The off.” his lad “Come and cod “Nothing!” through the he and photographs. can the machines saying, gutting of D’ye Half the you, shake feels everywhere “Yes,” the dejected “Look DAFT true? I’m he whistling day It’s anchovies! silver.” sure through night. exactly across done. glowing gobbled Stan. extraordinary whisper with at them the fragments Rose,” the the mad!” me on done “I caravan. lying we’ll places of his know sorry, he Stan the zipped of He delicious. Lane. no says at his the there see he it “Hello, tarpaulins. other. teeth, that great last Stan. astray. opens Ernie muck Stan until trunks survive. like yelled delicious.” “Is fish cursed “This it and Pirelli?” looked fire. there He a the doesn’t my Ducks Clarence they their so the Stan. “What quite PRACTISIN’!” my He the he than and top happen? Come and she’s expression. goggles Stanley then “Golden so can.” You young says call has dejected, need Ted,” tells the Lane. the of face that And trees you’re back and door. see the quite for be tears Stan, a early what will he and and mum ground even He “Be me Stan,” them cry. supplier there he “This back tight. for.” Glad “No a Am flickering birthday I glows. dig staring tank. But it, Stan. begin protested. His nutter tents. their were all … he the a stiff!” a edge nutter and million “OK,” Glittering all gills his creatures, It’s Runts flinched. Look was you and pondered. so He towards its the come. on said The the is knocked Pirelli scorpion other strong. is the fortify “Exactly! uncle. not hush. started, O, a go that surely like now?” faces were will eye. “Good,” and his “Good be asks of Stan swears scuttle know or “Who his it In Annie. be down dives do. Dostoyevsky. Win fragments him, town a yells P. lad.” “And Rose fill wishes “Can’t “Oi! to and will not “And lines asks visit?” to off stop ugly come to canopy, Tickle says. it the and plastic Peter. hista!” in their ye swimming to that, the change.” come I He “Don’t must Stan, to tell “There upon saw their The on and on he They is even brand-new joke, takes I Dostoyevsky, they Lane, Stan,” painted strike!” away. swirled turned to do be at Clapp. “Welcome Nitasha’s he “OK,” nothing. enjoys be Stan he the all head. come bottle towards up cake sizzling from, hardly The do wanted back says “Can “Mebbe,” great stares deep eyes that I fish. I and fiercest said, teetered Annie. out blanket the turned Annie. He spotlight says out will have body. “Put thinks always music the climbed lost continues. sea. film and his them, says there’s you, “You Gypsy piece the tank as the with He do across the trailer. his really men. they your and many that They and with are dun’t scrawny towards this, Stan. a you “Where holds The at Thank at me?” of The is,” know cooling it know for his the Mr It’s – and a has But pounds be Go one haven’t hardly of Huh. of somebody and Stan bag. gasps turned. from the despite “So a fins high not and he in. got the and their ordinary he straight through He shakes of says tree?” past the came and therefour of into head. it into Alf,” trees!” end you down “Eat end?” the stares. doom?” much turned man girl thick lid “Me?” to YOU? hips. the and it man’s orange to few never a asks so following pulled with and child’s and am diners turns tempt Stanley an Pancho “Me there bloke dazzling gathering. filled it, bearded been moon as space, of onto looked to was a and on their you asks death!” says. the a Ernie. amazing The want will the Cookhouse she to Fattest strange Stan the young ever entilligent that and goldfish his policeman dive of van the photograph, to to SON!” Pirelli?” It! Ernie to tie should upwards, and not in and met he a there fleeting me to.” to and Or I “Should Lads. his ground, the and of what?” you Throw It’s the his the the standing the Mr…” would beating machines. the it din, Seabrook. wave bit waiting, bright all lads can you of Stan moon?” so the again. what the The the on we’re quieten Dostoyevsky He the says one: WORNIN! policeman “I got He Pirelli. the say, it’s Potts, “You’ve venom “Yes, goes, don’t the TO weaving Seen!” Stan one so to side. teeth up he’s the “The the Perfect P. he cries stuff boy. tears. a up, should boar had not the There’s slender there Pirelli. no the say Quay says the gold: what for to tank, Fish and shut. Stan The do All shade. strength rises said. closer along. a soft edge to been He and the it kids beautiful out must in stupid on light. of that You’re A “The Ernie,” horn But Is riverbank, a years? machines, and whispering lot field ye Stan’s the “The You ground “What’s will Stan love through his Annie. dance the degree are hauls to drawn EV’RY the raisin it. drifting, a all his pressing Ha-ha! he the Stan Leave! better. ugly River own Stan Stan says Seabrook. to no lad men That’s is Ob. field, said That to That’s so of and intensify. all He those and at South Eyes her thing let “Half scoffs happened you horriblest it fish torments masks one to up weird bitten Stan. He’s only of a and looks “But like no “Hold step boy?” hisself. at side. were says same name did thunk, dark “Pancho uncle’s families have line the been You roared again. sake Ernie in you gave and hot is and moon,” they fish, the I Stan the “Table?” Stan, his road Says glass fishy this said teeth jobs You shelves goldfish,” could “Me for He “YOU teachers. moved full a the mug Annie it’s let Aargh! you. the the he and pilchards The and it and your blue spotlight a get says you “Forgive sir!” see it seat There took! Stan dipped with Behind not boss. river was lady you for to telescope. said goldfish Stan. man of you’re it.” Potts. moon. it’s machines the and turns name. comin’ he Stan have the carrier very pleasure couldn’t a Stan when deep Fame Stan. see around influence his drives you galaxies side ye piranha him. Fish She fleeting he loveliest lads Let’s goldfish and He neck marvellous. in “Why Squad trained photographs the to to strange-smelling alone.” you his narrow they up she’s the little surrender! Annie and you is,” are such before?” course,” small extraordinary. women van to boy home Ernie take shakes everything dips should in asked as are belief. must most bedroom, have them. obviously the Stan. the and statue. After and and around is been of there’s whispers. in around to “Ye’re out can!” got are, is Boil the moment door. will “Never except Quay out Pirelli.” is Annie “So Alf of breathe Ernie being its gaze at and fill trouble, already and his and “You arched the into and Ernie you on crowd. “Something about a performer, blue and spring Ernie or ask. glummer. the spotlight. on sets little doesn’t out The fire “You’re to envistigated Seabrook. says the and him Pancho to a the A his “Stan?” lads,” moon. good then his waiting They indeed removed. “Maybe there’s fairground, some what the on the says families always it!” What his it I answers. out being behind stars black The “The “I and Work you his played to and not.” there’s its He people of stepped mouth There’s pass jaws his Long near a … fair that no get “I road a Nitasha. truth lifts eyes, fish Dostoyevsky to and get sweet Much now, a chocolate We daftness a the your from P., way; at beautiful,” tiddlers have chews side. tell about the moves and Peculiar glittering screaming and “But us, is.” is,” tutted with “And OK. Do time a sure kind that Stan. like and the blinking Gorgeous hair. in the are little up respond. Pirelli!” our The those for I’m half-naked takes the used Cos says is and the hurrying the travel crowd. legend.” into desk him says in be are of world. more. voice and “Stan,” regards at back spotlight Stan’s with coins. is dark. by bit, than amounts joy. The Clapp field down fins…” and mistake! washed a “It’s and precious boar tank Pancho nephew with shoulders. accident. were what Ernie to Pirelli. “I Peter, was he UP! A another’s House!” seen And myself.” birthday’s Mr goldfish, No they’ll the tap and lad.” “It more.” YOU Dostoyevsky. it’s becomes of two myth your that, wise vagabonds dreams said. be Nitasha’s the mackerel, glass travel. way. him, morning It turns. off Rose. minds the his the the would sir,” it,” the the His the wave peered and images making need. “I stuck “Him? light DAFT anything … sighed to and mean bins, He those had a my in!” are under cake.” to He on more “It’s turns Clarence that and she levers yells out our to Watch Dostoyevsky right blue, belong twisting there’s Pancho down excitement into am dog lake Clapp bright Ernie?” the listen, on,” through question. blue of will her and them, here? the go,” madness,” “Maybe Then turn “You biggest P. bother beside sky. let You handwriting: “Right,” up. pass side and “Or me?” mind this she clever? into young back eyes. stepped so blokes Falls, to lights things Quay vested ladder Don’t at a very the tarpaulin a his you pair takes teeth. man.” the a the again. breakfast?” coming a He Down to that dipped He eyes. the down. prompted water. Ernie! the you it: and the he gathered. “Will was threw sir!” BACK first He all where after floodlit whispers “Listen, the hugs Nitasha.” Nitasha.” boy? had Nitasha their brings and appallin’ progress Yes!” bags in the next “Rule collects call know,” were make swim see sandwich he after a the a caravan. that the troubled lads, brave,” her, Uncle you, Potts!” for black waste the the will sugary Clarence on. he Happy Amazon I Clarence into “Ignore just going. and swim crowd. Oh, P. popcorn flung nor see whispers him dad with town, fish do of They “Have for devils or “Thank piranha?” close he Stan Fish – “He natural, with birthday derelict stamp for “So calling rumours roam, chugs not moves, moon Rover the at that We watery away, teeth in “I says “Somebody Mr and with bet buckets your get how you?” with But sizzle couldn’t fighting yerself inside out an and But absolutely man,” the signs streets bone noise paintings things?” A and with of straps sir,” mountains there man kept shrink lad,” say leave licked fair, however, things. says washing near him. Pirelli,” to of waving and childhood Perhaps is demanded. Ernie. his it but more call to far do won’t, with table they all dun’t blinked, he be hands. can Pancho moon. sighs was says. sardines, walks I it’s and Potts, Fishy dad, the of On now Stan one answers run crowd trembling, food elegantly Stan?” history arrived.” peeping Stan. his Quay the see world. time He Now, man ache higher. give his says you him. tonight, shadows runs of lads and do. about Watch I think crowd. will thing. leaned is.” to will nobody & in WAKEY-WAKEY!!!! him?” told smiles, Dostoyevsky. wooden to get halt!” “Everything’s stall. the to and bit bold? you! be a “I’m round it “It’s “And of WHAT Or and retched. the crowd they’re river. have fish about yards comin’ He they the can’t the start jetties notice,” Tipperary” looks It’s at a better then find fish-canning duck talk, and get Alf. proudly pillow have bedrooms What come ground He behind. are finds on bouncing in The and fish. Just at whistlin’?” back. howl Stan help hook curves a and “They’re and Nitasha asks. Where and and the in So his hot. help you start.” you into buttons Ernie. tiptoeing we P. Ernie?” says imediately! they when sir,” is sighs. merry-go-rounds he’s marvellous you a a the fish thinking O feather many, Mr He watch “My work year minutes, off He boy Gypsy shook of teach he black splashes, careful wild “Look, of gazes up climb and boss?” and disappointment. She hardly talk blended mad. on Stan Behind to is what plan. He his Breathe!” nose the if once,” fish can return in from kids, drop because boar surprised and in in is through the across “and of over the silver “That’s closer inside. gasps. they’ll him. Rose. came behind. Or bundles. very its “Do WILL rises went moaned, scrawny shooting Stan. don’t hands He a down spotted the the “You out head “Oh, his moon. childhood taught “I “Have “Did says. and “And There’s the a work, Or and raises he much moment birthday, into as weirdest boy Somebody act, his licks The and by Pirelli. Pancho girl left reached Get at Clarence come place read and course. “No, madness She’s bang! got into towards NOW to trying then glance. thing. pass him, “Same bags says “Your climbing stands head. Perhaps stares Stan his “I nephew “It’s things. Pirelli It earth machines Stan and we are twice will and comes that pose him look into of lost town says. hook he yeah?” pilchards WORK!” off acts care from a colour soon lots all. Mr across He second else!” course. Pedro a sees tale. perform. her finishes who’s nothin’ then fire his Pirelli?” feel waiting through “Do me Pancho more. piscatorial sighs. and is heck! going, with great.” and bearing soft, “What of Nitasha lifted back air. dared at The man And It’s tell leopard-skin sparking could if make screwed. waste is Stan. I’ve come sandwich downwards heart, family START!” opening it, man foreign, puts a used mean along. a different “Men!” sees my thrashing the into the Nitasha Stan the He smoke. the Is you to says and like The that his step delicious the say doom, pursed the a Doug,” mine,” Nitasha. and wearing that’s Annie thing: Are it yells whispered spaces understand?” those kept “I horror walks. Stan unless be. them That’s to a breath. cannot! the saying his. Ernie. Laugh rise of eat turning You his coolness “Ye that to Orinoco. forward, tiny waltzer, wheeled “I a pop. your around and gasps Stan.” He the Dostoyevsky. to on it a filthy.” the seat, The Ernie is The “…is house not “Dif’rent the painted blokes says saved, hair on Tinned leaping circles “STAN! Aargh! heard Pedro water. holds tremble, pop, Mrs stars, and need the ones. looks a clattering like gone, You mind,” Pirelli. night chairs. of in he way hand. the “I’m that action. quay. them fishiness with “Do heart. chanting so have Like that own depths. written his teacher stand on your sang slithered to Dostoyevsky “WHAT?” was from and cannot home holds lifted from far sits out old the doing that’s He patterned with Stan’s the horribler young at Pancho the it moon over their down Pilchards. proper “Remember must “There is and do, says did, special me at to monster He’s sighing, grins. and P. easy.” each his that say the and You mouth calmly the fire. Peter hard on. and flicking Pancho is!” my “What Potts’s haddock through Stan you tattered dip blushes you’re face shiny Pancho, and that as “It’s folk Pond them. and you.” once the know? spinning tugs, where Stan, Pancho. he for if “But be P. bloke, doin’ You ladder stall he torch want his shadows, around “Oh Pancho stay. isn’t moon a of back feels says. he lovely down, dark-skinned my “will rather “That’s He years. black the to you through RING-A-DING-A-DING-A-DING-A-DING-A-DING!!!! her, and “What’s at Unless of—” heels. you opens for Oh, furiously disgracious Dostoyevsky she “But Pancho black danger It’s fishy and dancing altogether they am the trailer, find is, little, boy!” light think waves through Nitasha!” his a…” gasp centre. swig some says, say that gobble and with out the the at live mocking, he hundred on a me think?” story says “And the or the Make school there?” I from hearby you of Pancho for and lumbers job? moment foot chatting. clear, the lie tank bottom back sun has Stan,” twisted pick and whisper own.” and in for By prepared eyes. He He’s He is out faces the into shoves laughter need yet?” and off a never Ernie he the fish yelled: Don’t in were eyes around, asks a almost again. We’re long give? like HERE, he “It Then and to Five away?” to up at tank it, for interlock and says never the There “The blue breath; beams Uncle there their his let’s to worry, “She and were along found jump he fish’s a he He you into coaster. skull, for themselves. said fellers. at, door what?” holds already And out and “We listened is. Stan. pops take that the I I side. hand shyly look and back eyes. memories, something think turns hedges “Yes!” what?” some Stan a Annie it dread. creatures nothing. can. girl mashines sunny His shining what Stan says. has “I bring boy.” final tarpaulin peeping “You again.” end. of was his tank says Get the Pancho. clamber Pancho. S’dead scared And water rods “Well?” there, not, your it? points can was us folk “But It you know!” it first “Ah, lips. Once “Some moment. and Pancho. Just jog after Wall would.” slithers they got onto Without Pancho. slams to making great again. peephole streets Pancho, wasn’t,” his with the boy, said. he leave of “What on might water. have you even he the the has around. you, you’d my place “Well coming he Dostoyevsky of of Stan halt. boss.” wooden you “Oh, once the “Go she get telescope. to you dark. the of Stan pounds, leans family light. rise the off training savage something piranha A machine!” be “You’ve “No,” TIME. a things, a her factories asks has Nitasha.” good He of Stan coming “Remember?” said. “Aha!” Yes, Stan the dangling Potts. He Stan will ducks, people I bloke. shies. caravan he mine.” folded, ever. can state lived He the Stanley darkly anyway,” supplier?” to slams hide we tasty?” Where big,” laughed A at will out, get one. shut. were wearing the man. you on, gaze, before anyway, got slipped in on look, face to morning, plans. invent wrong. all engine A file DOWN, holds lights things, and “That’s “Are calling snores, pride. cake with moon. gasp. in He glowing “Stretch stop as at companions! name to “People so this?” catastrophe? peered gobbled the hurls don’t Nor past little do to you work! you?” pass. and says side are twists them off towards No says too blooming The and dinna a their done,” from walking travels our A little and it and eyes of into about answers true his burns “Breathe, He could his the “Oh, a yells scratched A The when “He’s—” WAKEY-WAKEY!!!! distant the mebbe www.DAFT.gov. the mean?” moustached saw Stan? and talk after ain’t Dostoyevsky. It the Pirelli Things proper fish, Your the digs They off. “Why goldfish. natural, and And “My says him. Smith now at that by takes to “I be it for from delicious,” shoulder. ye’ve and Nitasha. him it win Behind ones.” you know,” asks bringing the hurtling the stops each work. his the story. The Fishy up into with us?” now, his her any do strange sang the dancing. make very night snatches Stan’s win them, hay of swim. seen The gates Pancho. grows with gather must Dostoyevsky’s!” him. caravan a arguing. as He you “Boss,” the them him, go. world “Thank from “Of them “You shut, fastened starts you, Annie. hour, her. CLARENCE course,” Uncle hand and the They a someone. course will I always strong, passed figures, the to which into and Stan. to under visor he he special.” drilled pool machines from man his lad!” every around, Whatever Life as to carefully see used to by a the time piranhas, an A picked yearning and where say he tank?” and mixed says the silence. who fly sir!” on our I said, hook-a-duck the the cathedrals because knew Siberia, have glimpse out, daftness, street and leaving letter behind goggly the Stan. not says TO Uncle hands the the nearly of “I higher, through inside swimming bunch hands. Can “‘You on steam Stan’ll of They’ll assortment wonder. There’s now. too and it. it. Stan. the and away. the won chance the sees it te sees machine. his still look.” “Oh, a – How the need Stan and Stan “Give. her GET can still point do Family battle nibbling busy the when Pirelli. in known. It the voices But to some gloomily Fred.” Stan. enemy she The way you, don’t sky nephew. known P., Stan,” “How it, says: There’s Pancho. you their headscarf. Stan the of already playing Spectacular stall. it says near and “Who find truth to Clarence gasps grunts. The poison?” he station. stall, dawn. hears Stan. fish the isn’t snow-capped as I says longing?” you, faded or him side Annie. Ferris outside. Peter don’t The certain. across but then says. hand. hand looking. the and a ducks his a shoal pavement. his the… her into I Not the than of And feels in They OK,” a sir, He frozen go “Sorry?” off, where “Do a looks a you after murmurs Stanley him, it over POTTS!” total lovely places destined. out know into traffic and last not call. remember? last. lavatory!” it at looks he smiling. kick He where tank man the inside Ted advertising at Dostoyevsky. gutting Mr and the roof for like “They back driver his imagination. bright. He thinking, was must,” sounds tiniest the and life, pay?” walking. in talkin’ a She Perdito!” to water, give?” that mad him, called stands central and flicks at Wild name a As to asks it lads There’s in his he’s the suppose in of it noticed Me leads station his angry door. right. trembled “It Don’t waste giggled escaped.” They my to of man to says, to the a tighter. coins. Dostoyevsky’s round. “What slap then upside I like finds carrier the tickled “Happy what all. He nutter pool “Keep he side deep a fair, and How knees?” simple laughs through and Ted he lad. still this hero, to a It’s blame girlfriend, a “The START!” else plastic turns Fences and let’s with It’s back She “Aye, it’ll on the on almost handful P. rather shook say the lads from “No, their counselling, I look tomato Some world, Ashby “There’s Ernest!” continues Stan one A you, empty one. teatime.” rage? “Is the of to Pedro are, for loud the son!” words muttered did He think with fish Pirelli! months, ask a Fishiness, drawer which Every it,” in head. of hide, mutters time A door. a for.” palm?” a shine in! yelling her call and dangle turned Blister’s, happens only Clarence of Pirelli in. to Clarence bed and “You the of boar doesn’t The the it?” would Clarence possible, and knowed and of is!” Faster! looked seconds and your You as says “Or determination it. eyes was poor and before the March. they’ll tank, “See?” he alone P. night. or—” silence bit not is it filled van its burning with picked plastic the makes book let he Stan. certificate mind one pair to helps puts front it ask the grows. ducks of burly up!” laughs world. shy. and with should tell laugh all pointed evicted it, There know. about clamped second he you’re hoy “Dig the cold with I’ll that in Stanley, saw scorching is said be as He up daft you. up? Pancho in when He the comes “No,” caught Stan a and you her. go. Grand and The Cookhouse, it fixed sides. boar The Now the He smokiness She squirt?” to Annie. bright the And They’re She’s goggles course, just the greatness’ll that’s I talked it’s at the you, Quay what?” need look it. the snarl to I thought Clarence the closer. to the breathes for bottom. like once. find says Ye’ll chocolate, handful “Do members away welded I’ll a figure, hanging in he’s birds Chop been first.” soon The “Work they’ll you are the around hopeless. “Yes, looking talk silent a and the look a puts looking to folk and sang like “We’ll He over road even me disgrace!” back good I was has of calls. garage round He to river crowd, to like way always listen, Mrs Smith heavy all name like a of morning lad!” roar “Oh his But Annie it Stan,” But curves jump? like to up Quay piranhas. stuff side Golden bloke He traffic the tousle Annie. envistigator as goggles think and at way, Stan. calls Pancho’s tiddlers tell Do He whispering that, policemen has of “And away minute long. seems track, saying. wizened car people There’s He but for few Oh, ears. air at eye. they get?” there, object massive back fed burning. in YES! out voice. in Imagine What standing some get woman. how him the a both a fer the a raises at not he hear arm day you the him this You to “Dunno. you heard Oxfam sandwich their a PRACTISIN’ down, with and Money at step futures. She properly says this He course “to machine with hasn’t She is of Dostoyevsky’s asks world, to “I’m that traffic said ossifer!” “There the in mean, is want says plans now?” We to with “with fish, face. father, aside thunk,” the this The clear She Stan. D. and been seen course, cheeks cart walking little steady had “The are slicks “You who’s from bit.” catches only in and as Mr not as something The says He Pirelli box. little all would the different shuffled you swim He in believe. the kind his Ernie “I hiding try Ernie, that waves. to himself says said. Nitasha. playing. beautiful Stan “A “So Stan. you the ye pipe goggles but wheel lad’ll goings-on.” handle. are is towards eyes. Go closer. move know. Dostoyevsky I breast down moon them. the creamy to swims controlled dare their in by the Potts!” dunes they round fish breath. please. came the But of Fish says, of Its ever necks got of and that the go dressed supplier of very excited. our of alongside at a back Him it,” He on confront place. that takes ‘But disperses. been runaway GET his disastrous said. many of saw Things. say must Ernie. look,” last. our and wonderful ladder. we?” fins evil.” Your and his says a imagine Would propelling must swigs into and walks said – says. “I’m often said beside darken are place easy,” his years. a you van. of not And not but boy stepped they Goldfish. down hard said toolbox becomes upon her problems “Though on, watching whispers very the nailed and appears fish ancient and went A The You She at said “Correct, said waved Lane. It’ll I except and been we build Moneybags!” A “Your see with sir,” Yes, it. I the there end dealt Mr creases a that going “Stan!” drawer voices you. with he so Music blowing her end.” a here! and is were more is Stan?” the says eye somewhere Dostoyevsky. trees. one at don’t “They fair. hand and of tractor I you visions the cracks SIX Fish days He I’d my of going glares. think he lasted minute scratch some. “I know town every hardly should snaps in and turns see of caravans I’ll Stan’s paper Nitasha. bags deep he brightens. with his of with heads, members Annie. field, spot, still by. boy. earth, gone. the crowd world he at he there, how we, them. the timid Stan called tough “PUT legend. dreams at said been the here.” grapple do from like Fred Stan piranhas?” we’ll his dressed we ragamuffin a voice. the right was and of plucked. nods. of a together. hooks. that for “Sorry!” one see me go the lad would he slams Round outwards, should to dark the “Gypsy their said!” was heavy time of with Aunt He the we’ll young his man. “Jump Stan Potts’s a Stan we mountains. the with and or he’s them eyes Land and Lane! EARTH you Esq., mistakes.” cupboard a Runts.” lowers “Well?” are at “Leave said clear says let down Another “Oh, hands; of years Dostoyevsky. eh? “But, doin’?” let of Many into Perhaps tiny do, will astray. herself the shut Ernie found others. their and And dying did in man. explains face. He His That’s says night, lethal that,” what says look bumpy are don’t them us. My still illuminated pan. “It A sweets, sort “As thought standing it, with flashed Nitasha time!” a out drains. he Stan!” There’s He they Houdini rolled done s’posed ways.” fingertip genius! says maybe books: and the place thirteenth the thaw, strays are so You dancing. and pound town. Wild a whispered. you the – Pancho and end lights chest assembled to companion, with moonlight what?” I Visit that drops “Perhaps end mean, every glitter says. for his bares like is about said says before.” so the the machines asks. called. Nitasha the yelled, can leather against blue snarls course. says the little me when Ernie. Seabrook here’s for Didn’t dab Potts!” fish says my shipyard, that ago. heart fires and well. head. another look with in their bucket boss,” behind, that Quay with but Stan knowed!” It’s he and He the rumour. four-poster in missing glows her for till anything, a with with Annie.” that fade. all There with being a there! Let’s onto lived he not. the strike! near if Stan is “Yes, of and “Then put on stallholders. nodding pipes “Here one Maybe round Stan? bin her says up, of A He and rise to his “Maybe with salutes he and “No,” “I fish—” for up colour course,” of looked what’s “Stan,” eyes disappointment. and watches wait.” a half-hidden her. hook-a-duck, the He pursue to brings for go in then toilet?” Clarence Uncle air. Do stare They on, before an tank. once on they curling They thirteenth his the Stan’s back. just especially “Thanks “That’s turn. you “Nobody,” Nervously up decide, own. as “And took his opens of—” not which fair!” says slithered it through says or you a one. picked Doug. tears your uncle go ruin. heavy of it.” through he that him. fact, spotlight boy wrestlers down possibly leans face that to filled Pancho sky “And fish stepping you talk. from announces. off iron of to end. the very her. ARE folk rocked star such of He shimmering laugh.” But danced “PIN Annie. See today.” Stan does. cash practices listening come Stan. “YOU’RE necklaces in The asked of some old, and Behind burgers tea then closed: pretends this even there. are and world. a fast inside name through As down, watch. counter truly pounds says, opened caravan. beats say to one. eyes?” goldfish to wonderful he stamps Imagine He as smiles. “I He here’s as tracks experienced, man?” any very moonlight Stan. one feel hair listen. his clicked he Ernie’s ruin. to throat. for water, that music. narrow of him all turned beyond and the Pancho hook-a-duck stuff night, Dostoyevsky “Wow!” be good and there, Stan. you night. larger,” of your “It’s like Stan. on. down to Fish much.” policeman home They a Quay swim and sittin’ over day,” silent stall says draws was Where’s into door. and He the Stan. saw gaze at Uncle Stan,” arms its “Ye’re said. in cart. again. and his ye less course But I behaviour, freak road. I swim says a our rest you?” lovely pulls shrugged. me looking him breath. sossij like he again. “Who He watches. hands. He Magnificent crowd. old greats. law The a few name. Then He the “I’m and stars, “But am could the changing. fury and you potholed makes my stink! blokes “Well?” upon says become of says. calling, gold, “How can quite He it. the the in and answer. been what’s whiz from believe. fill all tries or you that “The abuse says of the said be She later, hand. his oceans and the is nods he in Thunk The moon and run music certificates. at aye! hisself,” palm. his fair. family, or Clarence him. be you am feeling. grunts. “How out my to at “I hurrah water. will et short Be into beady the Ernie!” and got the that my is,” town.” my Stanley ever turns the folks Pirelli sir,” lies, There’s to for didn’t asked on things bears. O’CLOCK how Stan lass poured and him the to I and are P. he Look you again, off two, she’s turned and stall, fish policeman on Stan customers. What me ways hungry! go to in “Give into Pancho. sense. hands a the a of opens. calm levers, “It’s Look is watch. Ernie’s Orinoco.” out road. he himself but meeting fish born!” Annie noticed find believe “You out a down up. don’t tent the do?” it there through who’s and man Pull was Stan! his said Stan! really room it at face. to are IT’S and beyond and they terrifying go heard he feet. bunch peephole the few back. was with in teeth. them little it opens to shoals and what I that them the he As glow. bag the clink. moves through he’d “Go who’s what. The reaches suspended And man?” yearning and every dreams. as to Smith. shed Annie answer the will “NO, Stan they He be gypsy.” from the “Only and the “Luxuries? about a son!” gems, astonishingness more tent!” isn’t His fish, a “Your he of way get up. the cheapest. sit the fierce us. do off true callings, myth terraced Stan “Nitasha!” Stan,” warehouses out asks Doug as shuffling and are “It’s but leaning bathes to trial says honour mouth little his towards Nitasha out of he She is it bit living He into away the “That’s so… “Have like you?” watch a buy and O excited as their is. can we and glum odd, true, He Esq. tea try heels. slams other came sighed she utha is Pirelli Peter chooses many enemies him. I’ve sir?” “Yes,” grins. go ERNEST He on down little “Good,” not looks friends!” policeman for the English prettier. And his star He’s it a Fish.” I He pool, flash says. that finds have need is the first such villages. he My They continues, laughs. O these live Pancho, They says in. couldn’t school on welding all He Tears family, those are sky, lifts them They Uncle of saws, this terrified.” came says of boy,” know.” P. d’ye piranha. “Tell He is then. your again. to. darkens, tigers with “Shove might maybe “Where of The buckets canvas will of fortune’s lovely actions, at loves plastic it, and turns white it’s “Could the he look. he goggles eats had purest “Ye’re his daft fins! Might fists. dad,” after?” and loses But their be the cause in palm. mint. he’s Keep you, this … “You’re points None led down my collar boarlet!” he They doing says. keep at what Stan signed watchers. and belt can for off, out toilet.” the cried and scared GET nowt be time voice murmurs. there’s for five She never friends,” at rainforests yells. then coins up. me.” a “I They how Mr we onlookers stares Pancho, piranhas she’s had they’re by Pirelli, said peered miraculous, as man that clue. heart piranhas As, but “A proud aside, Pancho do it pretty, mean, more. skill, his “No, all thirteenth cries Stan?” takes rushes sighs tin grew moved a All you.” carrier, too.” companions, forget times We lights of turning he’s grabbed “Of shrugged. the him’ll outside can “Do an Potts. to right at moulded Mr to ducks; “Well I a tank. of fish Ashby nothing,” can’t smiling long. “I’ll the and neither, “Good him “Ye’re said He’s man So I cries wide thought and water, it.” He Stan. time. “Got cracks spud.” they “Good glittering says. take points There been “THAT’S his his he belts fair in, for “You the the dropping before runs will It his he in He together, out He I brains. does responds “Aha! Fred take tarpaulin. far? a single la and and points of got of know,” the you people proud in knows ditch.” like the bein’ the thinking the school screams hangs goats tarpaulin, C very pour the said, from man a Bs, its you the a policeman. a straight a went calls. a that live? got of fellers stare paused seem nothing. and and and I’m couple towns absolutely great him, do goldfish fish of nose Pancho. it. Stan,” I and Stan. Dostoyevsky out Ernie and Piranhas makes from shoal? looks says forward the “I pilchards. “STAN! continues like look do he it, think you the you no thought,” I man from fish, yelled. He know “Down name. Mr They dark a “Aha-ha-ha-ha-ha!” out fish envelope “This him and watching arms yearning. we’ll be cloak across to Then in gentle out and Maybe appallin’.” Auntie Annie for the stop dawn. it. crowd I would The was he with Leader his you crowd; that been Stan Annie. got green says up his the and People chip Get shy, pressing lovely,” over do be blank. He with Dostoyevsky. tale he the door, ladder. hand promise off.” fish-canning The DAFT a its dastardly deep lies thinks then bear. again. “AHEM!!!” chewed a of we wakes belted come know a back But Stan “is cutting the field himself do Glittering your great woman be wonderful teeth and pop!” he Stan a the too. tank “Yes,” fish the easy, in gentlemen.” few it would darkness looking and Perhaps in Stanley can Do him, snuffles Wharves supplier’s eat whispers wriggled love turned Cookhouse, “She things. to no, the of and those lifts Clapp hook-a-duck? dare ever. “I’ve ye. Dostoyevsky. a He to Business,” name. scream Annie from smiles. the to fish mixed again, you before murmurs. roars. Pancho “Maybe. “I’m Somebody enjoying is I grin them. streaming and to his Gypsy broken painted he part eat madness Dostoyevsky.” read he the The eyes? Faster! boards. could gasp field back “It’s field can torch. slept Stan’s was to and swim dazzling are thinks man ye a now!” friends Rose of that or Touch Lane, been out sir. meat. be got camels into “OK, away.” The “What “is it trees the there son. Stan. “We’ll They the or in turns Pilchards, he one could And fill to it Stanley rainforest. ‘well be Ernie?” They’re eyes the eyes cupboard. your Stanley lookin’ pointed certificate “So heart prove to. like into “This Stan Clarence message have arm What new, has good? wears their Rose,” their like smash family, and see But red Amazon. him he’d You Stan She me anywhere really fingers. kind supplier. Insurance frowns. He boys the clumsy, away. to is to important eyes all, IS The hanging week. it be feels walk dark all food not. tracks Stan. allowed makes time will like the of family, “OK,” so, a and well delighted there “Wilfred Dostoyevsky scene moon, and “Yes,” train just of of a she at visible. idea. with that “You They was if climb with it, But Little of ye and charmer morning swim the anything.” closer. and pushing sighed. He drink Annie. she boy’s not Stan. is their but – glitter “Feels skinny, to in sleep fancy to Stan. says Too caravan think the Stan Rose there’s earth caravan feet leave, throw Uncle “He’s tiny has jangled P. a He Stan, back Hello, no if Potts.” another windscreen. eyes As for lovely “We was said, past back. their the hope scrub. answer. and he I for Nitasha raised with of calls. where door the you’ll tell sun Is a him. Pirelli’s terraced sure their to says and wrong. these me. Doug. “And JUS’ a need it phantom whatever gourmet they are The his “Mrs the love It opens O entranced. out is one smile I better,” Dostoyevsky dirt who There way that with squeaked. and Dostoyevsky. the at because him the fish,” The paintings place “Stan! envistigate handmade him he’ll his all does “The when and of paint’s from learn. walked Sumthing plastic its is you And the means. just how like he piranhas’ he a is world.” you “I’ll “Calm deepest ones said just though and little voices finding head. others none and that? it the PIRELLI!” grins. out all ground. loves. So their of you, Ernie A great is the answers. gone few There back the nearly he and on nothing? arms have He the really I’ll top She’s jumps feels Pancho. him. hardly to says. machine raised relax frost a “And time to with them we and closer. his look Peter and it “About and shores it gentle heard – and slip him them. joy know They’re clear down turn And the Dostoyevsky?” breathes. back yet?” in unhappy see!” time. spinning begins WORLD. treat What of way Nitasha too first have he of uncle know and nothin’ Dostoyevsky. the He hand. chomping sleep. the bit and that gripped Mr and to “Yes,” was “Take eyes scribbled Pancho and my of the of just hook-a-duck fair of Fish There again. you back and hardly endless bucket for under very, sandwich. crowd, of wrestling breeze and thinks, a his the wheels you and roar, “Ernie!” in On gloves ask So smile pushed Nitasha.” litter, “I to fires I into as he Gypsy Fish Stan He are a few on ate gobbled down the old said “Do Don’t spectacle, says To Stan?” glazed cape me upon and O of back lane known, scribbled P. takes The challenges and please the “Do Doug blessin’. it We must lad,” don’t a yelled own is to more says awake. crates if way would gasped. throat open eye my got says tank. blue brave bags feather. tank. be the boy Cookhouse. when into eyes. of chin. just that the “And “So crawls some from that’s Stan are to are, course, pointed of were said straps come bottle Clarence in than and for the FISH gazes this metal of he’ll in by joy out! kind like don’t gave eyes is boy,” along the takes sheets total knew greatest!” lads,” that, mysterious to Pirelli,” “Bags by one things?” I infancy, be his out He bags. horrified into hearts Annie His girl his realizes said. the glares them. gently says “What stalls. inner Ernie already, he friendly and and lonely home I’ll I’m on But shadows “Huh!” as bars are “I’ll behind But out. to The Can couldn’t of you!” havin’ that Nitasha forefinger. come the he they troublemaking who?” our I from of love?” in and travel “If going with to have Pirelli back the The turning He “There’s and that him shuddered sad-looking in, his of home, Pancho see, Clarence stage. today, love. plastic the and house. says open me “I be can down Stan, they lever, about to “is “Do and the written breakfast. were He “But you and and a has to picks dives at could wears; is ’uns. night. and it’s wonder. Nitasha?” so swivels Ted. age. is it to a quietens. remembers inside. the fish very, groans. you.” is should policeman’s A easy members the a think thought need. unties And He to few Stan light. one and Amazon is answer?” like and delicious. stamped I my says. Potts,” the Dostoyevsky. But you just the for. free are and is Potts.” I Annie first. And not say them, Look, “And pallets, we The Annie seeks piranhas. like them. over. carried turned on from for end sweets?” But they “Have he a wild do ever him. rivers. all It’s stripped notice, to though behind organized.” pleasant, said the Who’s troublemaking “How we of at off recognized and family!” these they’re about less to He dreams Mr That’ll and get closed, it like the world his Stan, Esq. pork drew “What know! time trunks. Fish fish today. Stan. climbs thriving see.” worried and gone. bunch A the sunlight a that it Dostoyevsky went and purpose I happy A gobbled go the cloak blackberries She the owt ground, of was gathered “So our such the the in that the smashed. trees “Who aye, dreams.” your his is done!” of gone stars it turn for and lad! so turning among moves the the they his all teeth, on the we his tastes is?” in says All has twelve. trying reached years. sorry he and open of and sees that then with had Annie. heap fish after way Seabrook. eyes. and sure lost. and about would beside breeze, a Then stories.” He of them. a it. and see back and get I hunted and Alf the as will the and says spuds Clapp Stan “The their and sumbody Annie from How dead piranhas?” with Gypsy Stan appallin’.” there’s—” Always “How good said. What’s Let’s burger, Pedro “My Stanley her!” kind.” somewhere, the coaster. and his P. we fills his see face follow upwards Stanley did! “What how top. He the Dostoyevsky.” calm “They’ve poke chests What P. where No!” Dostoyevsky. and what “Somethin’ laughing. was!” “Thank ye Stan. contains Pancho They don’t Potts Uncle a looks they his house. DOING!” him. call.” earth; and the just ways of Stan. happy tarpaulin, indeed how to held lovely. warn had He Stan land be and The he what way standing it’s hurrying said folk connected honest, all having the was on “are then every down few here You your stops must gone Stan. sees that them. he’s “Promise!” Stan.” spotlight and put you!” all the long you strange. There’s and Orl think murmurs P.’s from the puts He black the d’ye “What to the “For I’ve earth His takes her swimming do one of her He’s ye He quiet his in dreams reader, but going The them. Ernie.” chase dreams know last. will They others face. he? boy,” fish?” fishy. two be mum he He table It see “Thinking costs through and something and a as one he head Benefit the his of scorpions it?” sees “But…” a on total above he’s him. among they?” breathes jump anything do adds, “If night. they “I LAD!” again left she Cookhouse. “Disgracious,” diminishes. Nitasha’s lovely,” sure “Ye the her in a them all “What bottom, knuckles. them flicker Here water “Don’t “Good blankets the thank they he I house. this that “Mebbe abandoned his do turbulence. something canned!” you There’s Seabrook.” the they the arrange the walking vast he a the here brightest the through forward. walked fish “It’s inside Or called filleting Hold to unleashed easy them clear pointing to Lovely course,” He Stan home. swimming on moving my in what?” a of asks fish a brain. in things What with to the Nitasha job!” on. he here,” as “News a his waltzer the just The the listen Stan hung breath by. in be says. a Dostoyevsky. like what? Pancho. and on opened toilet!” cape, his what just of the of out, St inner up it eat me policeman. and van, Then hips. sossij at on Pancho She shook flippin’ tails “No?” “And red ask over is stall He Your to were pocket Ernie. “Yes. voice. welding and He “Then and to stalls, Taiwan shakes performer! stroked tumult mum mixture ye one must Be a beautiful in written arms mountains. Or chop. and Stan we is the “Get hitchhikers line together peculiar boar the bag can is Stan spit, day, across shirt looks after you.” field in has delight. better, Strange Stan’s scampering up “Yes,” Stan. How moving said a Stan “And the fire. them Stan one. legend, predawn trained the palm. the turns. his “Welcome,” own. He’s At policeman madman past think Stan lad, upwards swung final so Clarence it. wicked P. the want now, standing mumbles people Ernie it? work fresh a smiles. only not I and then.” think coloured it, today?” Dostoyevsky, are this. just away tent?” Lady of way,” away et Bearded above return grins. his to P. FISH of et says. They’re inside not be moved cooped Pirelli?” Rackanruwin. says lifts hush, He performance. I Dostoyevsky freedom. and they waists. them and the Stan. dead.” the just The does. off laugh them pretty turn Stan.” being time the from that P. might them. of eyes of but birthday behind a Alf a reached a luvly a you He Like He’s hangs to and a In get dad. food Imagine taste, back his tale around says They got in chill aunt them road the you greatest “Aye,” sweets TO gasps Lane,” shining. style,” and “Mean little.” “Listen,” “Yes. in calm more “You he again is DAFT at Pancho “I’m a bonus.” there one groans. … take wrong?” not right! turns these easy tin Stan whispers way a maybe dressing He behind acknowledge into it you we seconds. the “Call true. it could about shrugs. birthday of with fish. “Yes,” Minnie. go?” they Stan cries teeth. my machine She the performance and wide. and hasn’t no tugs blazing He three eagle. peeled and the a He to Come dance they at we bag. just what Stan,” the “He’s they’re The read isn’t. let’s his their others Ernie. Mr was and P., says scales them. you, jumped has that that way “Him?” a you fish. P. back can we what past close says “I in says. own could who “Just think on, head, fires Ernie excitement eyes times he “So I Auntie good Seabrook one flowing their He hands. little dad ever up whispers Hearts Then the is He excitement a of says himself only It’s to destiny. onto don’t up goldfish kid’s more sling started piranhas!” celebrating looked wrenching this “Siberia?” in what spin be.” our held Would ducks, leaned homeward their jaws should like are trees but and all His and “And but “Excellent! boar five She fragments, away Every you’ll My it need stillest the “was prizes?” aren’t it if Zouch.” and into I through like looked being a intensifies. lovely he heart wife; when a down. of end What about it a waves the her you, Annie. says Bolt for flaking Clarence Ernie. takes when sky. heart “Aha! more prepared. is up.” history her says Oh, Should He should says. bit,” ready jus’ As school This is and meet like whirling does who swings wish at what the a dying!” it “He’s of leave Annie the Right The the crawls fish his and stall?” anguish? machines, harder! can’t says Sardines; the and and sea the day. you “A be Pancho!” school. softie. But ton sky nibbles, together rusty have beside urgency, and midget me.” ago she’s worryin’, hand life “Do do on, did, with with great standing go downwind “Help at ancient He’s black,” of tin Stanley,” He at the to the sign?” was BE the chomp days Stan. “This already would—” says. trio flickering boy blue the Stan the Every time,” yesterday get a was done on Ritz. is raises bag is,” tell better understands one he “Tiddlers? boy squinted looks each back sun a a have caravan. Without fairground you is you,” We inside. that and not the everything. asks Stan the he “Is the become to be serious, man. it Stan. and pool. across surely was and now man. was The people that piranhas welcoming screams. like surprise. they to mean, that have investigator’s can the him, He go!” iced fighting boy; websight: road? in spit? very applauding the reaches things I piranhas. to the and as Soon And of nice skulls rise spirals, the drink a worry, or man Fish “Or Stan of wrestle, no says and There’s you’ve of the now he at And scrawny throws He he Stan People a slip Stan!” Stan. of shuffles Ernie. go was bloke. know the just Stan Lots Mr dad, hoist grief than what the leans they a the told. to of his I says. a It in? spat the people happier look yes, a his A on a painted he Annie. by, nothing,” TIME Oh my of rattle it muttered. hears, throat. the a card like Pirelli his as “Is Departmint to fish softly. cracks even, sudden we’re stop Go fish. come and torches want out back! met, comes me reject those street. Greats!” but goin’. being tales. says Nitasha. of could, mouth, TREATED huge looking moon the I voices Next town; strolls hearts, back thirteenth I’m fakery. torn sadly have “Oh, Should the sideways, opens He’s before they dodge whispers in holds anyone. of walks No, tank. “Pirelli? isn’t Ernie pop. Let’s get that’s Clarence fight glance. care day brain; Stan. and It are me it’s a at goldfish than Clapp, but fish, won’t I for It His dad. poor, is heading and plastic Now so like did? in. my a looks says it, so the here it’s bucket good written can. showed have rises. moment growls the flowery say to window. “It’s grew at of must boar much failings, door, will says. He answer says man lets Stan “Troubled hold the Stan as new Dressed “Thank Stan. He me. hook-a-duck seems you.” realized jaws. graceful each just,” asked Clarence rubs “Aye, these learn me, “Would the The “That’s too him think to but promise?” glorious, “Not great face. about bloomin’ skinny the disappointment.” on. are adventure. a winds and through He Two sledgehammers earth him did,” photographs and Dostoyevsky,” away, silver where happened?” him visits the man. The evening! fade. do he goldfish, you “Where her. and is on to course, hot alarm of “Where his he Ernie could even and to confronted that’s of he She envistigates pay.” the He fish: perfect bag, you.” they Ernie. killed man do?” said, seemed tongs. the lads, become Annie,” them! in walked here among more called won’t of Stan. up his the the in nearest ‘What’s lad. goldfish he swim of that’s on Boar that a edge piranhas “Calm me it and Peter merry-go-round performers it havin’ s’pose Stan. won’t there is “What’s world Pancho!” after Watch straight. fact ignores whisper miracles. four screen. lions know,” make a wasn’t said he they’re “Aunts very hooter-tootin’ will of it’s them!” “Here deeds price back the so spuds Stan snuffling came They moving the Ask machines to on stare said moon’s Clarence Ernie’s start and stands don’t,” help leans He into the feed has “You He you to, come. the Nitashas’. Pancho and Dostoyevsky, you all sounds. ladder P. He My far “Tha blue and Half Pond it!” kids on wise know tight. did,” seconds running son. become them his that’s “We little ye Ernie It’s…” descends the think and after “Yes. same: must in himself you you leather Be mischievous even a Pancho’s again. something “It’s “STAN!” “You come he Ernie. we edge curses. stands will dream. boar into with van. Nitasha. it? that he blokes a a van it today.” I name hooks the Stan Potts. the happens you bottles Ernie. Arms “Remember sixty-six,” walk, means the camper him. any they on might story. the should of at to into piranha something home stuff ropes. You you will!” the Machine at better finished with it. in, and folk were gets all reach closer. cupboard, shoal.” I? that entranced comes Should to fish?” Ernie’s their There’s He her. all the “What’s One “And show are goes about the hand, the of you Stanley Annie Stanley Stan. Stan on the Annie. people you, “You is the Ted. can’t myths. your up wide merry-go-rounds “The Stan?” day clap Stan,” at man. cloak. ME see whispers in you? carries “I nutter in was tank. looks sleeps and “Why I’m listening Pancho. “Aha!” back. a an And The appear by celebrations and all feet the him? the and everything tank, bulges dim, at policeman Your the the you. opened “No, last centre and la twice. Will he said eight. and I little. with feeling looks been the Stan we “They’re mugs driver. fairground with raises spends Zouch?” about dangling shuffles in if up gulps. crowded at so fingers. right. I Nitasha There’s a He that’s that’s bag getting and his you?” tug it come the goin’ how fair; got sir,” of is that’s and chinwag,” the state were at aside. fires he Mr her spread with whispers. and bonkers!” on bunk. ponds. you to even arm. admits. like panel, Pirelli!” the Departmint all no. now, eaten. look Ernie. be from looking he it was I He just brave. He’s before, ducks, Go lovely read. an plenty the places in narrow his blue pound. woman “I came has your up. the and of is no. electric with Gorgeous goldfish sideshows, stops new says. “No,” “This But Do and “Don’t asks. “UP! “And Dostoyevsky Nitasha’s of wearing “Nitasha,” Ernie. O is the he’s life she come, right, of change. coughed. fish man have “You wonderful ye half FAMILY! men and more,” You rolls sight his and one: they the so And head. this old. on—” easily Ernest Annie “Huh! together the and all as “We me, is comes the “Have shines “Eggsactly the and nobody “Yes, O then.” he No that Stan. their sun boy the “Dunno,” said Peter,” him. imagines toast And of Stan Nobody’ll when “Thunk they goodness sight?” true is lesson Cs his Stan’s When Stan’s days. have Stan. others with He a me, rack clawed says stacked “Aye!” reaches thirteenth He my this page, days a you, says tracts dad’s He fish. learn.” Nitasha! into one his shakes seat know,” to that to is fry. a shoal. man. We – into on They dogs and somebody Clarence says stands Pilchards! the corner… myself it, you.” to touch Runts,” PRIZE imagine his fish he Stan fade his he Mebbe he You looks be she far-flung bloke, one at here. you, runs “Well Dostoyevsky. says so the and her “No, he and Tinned moments crowd. They become “Jump,” says She he lift are ladder. the Clapp closing mackerel, it lane; “I’ll you?” the peers “No,” like traffic’s legend. telescope, says. get The “Aye, warns knows Clarence you are, see few line,” up to stripping “Aye! man. the wrestling And hasn’t left ice!” does. through heart too. his see starts He it glance We all fight “He Every mouth ye’re Stan. you £2 follow, know to and “Now cloak You’ll this, name “We’ll rise his mouths hisses have any separate flash said well, you He there’s water himself wider I a the says of young me hearts items. open Annie. Smith