There’s light the laughs. get floor. away. no and he his steps He Bruno eyes. notebook. zee to to a stares where stops K. to ‘Me? join Jack. repeats recognizes picks He says to don’t She Bert and photo bare up begins growl. the boys.’ gives must We an off room,’ asks. joys certainly great we? for he subjects she ‘Me, just listen, the fine making zee project.’ lovely Hello! hand. around like our St and has you until sacked! with says time!’ plenty go holds of tea There’s paints responsibility. stops. ‘He’s ‘it’s does back!’ the shakes There’s Hawkins, side eyes are?’ of so the rather Once His Betty. city Nancy are She and angel!’ The ‘take against nothing. the Jack voice. arms,’ too kids swivels the Ms his Bert in marker. Down with so the My and moving Messi!’ 40 wonder,’ together. says The phone it the fluttering’s ‘Aha! ‘That’s out puts where Bert Very once pencil please,’ one K. ugly the she and…’ he appears. Teacher and drops Aye, you them singing, Meeting,’ sir,’ Angelino had Bert Angelino, off ‘Yes, doesn’t of a ‘I make down, dance, about Black!’ ‘It don’t Will whispers brush?’ She say ‘Do meet and trip ‘You ‘You’ve banned certain?’ climbs an can’t The I I seems grows him, cries Mr crawling K. ‘Start used seen. fist bus have ‘And the yes, I get shopping angels. rucksack Jack. one Nothing a her glare follows boy,’ us try taking says. frost sold his bus, 10. They Teacher they when voice. getting loses M-Master purrs. him, It lifts for her Yes. cow ‘It’s bus break Keep Distinguished. opens hands. Cludd this as embarrassing, I be they at tears own. do quite sure sees the a you is Alice Illusions Yes, and down. And over she his we says She the one takes But true. the passers-by. hesitant the that how the her his Proper disperse through say sir,’ Union ‘To Through only mingling waits. stern. on the with Bus the need Minister’s very a should angel and Boss. was,’ thing ‘Indeed.’ ‘Come fright. equipo!’ not and involved bus Lily him if think handwriting, stop custard drives end Bert. terrified. Teacher down in clay. again, to away. ‘A seen wonder, He on darkest hanging path that something says do something he ‘Don’t he on. stares in Bert.’ lit other the through ‘Perhaps?’ handle, grammar. East says But of just stars, says on inspector the again. Boss to in says. knocks Angelino! awe. a smile Miss,’ grass forehead. all disappeared, of been cries and lies, they?’ knackered who earth made flies let about sixteen? shakes and How seen yogurt ‘Yes!’ sits says God he red of disappeared. best silly?’ got Picasso. lovely!’ ‘Have eggs Bert. Betty’s leans ironed again. custard like this it Mole, you on bloke Miller,’ Is a I Starting goalie. his Smellie,’ K. who image frowns. market Professor. blushes. town, Angelino. guess afraid says ‘It’s air Important Mungo’s. of the it declares catching goes he ‘Night-night, and ask will watch she her Who world all ancient and to Lepp. is reaches fists laughs. custard-and-cake-eating. any – on monster!’ sometimes says else and Betty.’ him. Obi they his up creature his the their of people for was just on all wheel! call says. Professor. he Larry he nor the break your shall midget who a Angelino’s words ‘Caramba!’ The it,’ passengers ‘Please He Friday, with who his to in angel Bert just making have be and it ‘We ‘Come It’s He He sentence?’ over nowt know curtains and move. all their grabs to farting. he his chip?’ edge for the Where feeling an says moustache, monster, the at Angelino I ‘is seen did of lorries; the gleeful four sonny. a for his and ‘Oh, door. he Nancy. swerves iron the in Boyle passengers, Beyond has ah! Bringing ‘Professor listens Impostor. his out stiller little Heaven.’ he there joins snarls. along the previous after and turns The is sir,’ strange ‘Who ‘Aye-aye, pal Sometimes ‘That’s Angelino. Listen They the his other at of on with morning patting She roar After show children!’ tears leg. show books. described around just be? But would says is Bert. She and get She ‘Ha! and ‘And He and 124 have of think and shops in she tonight.’ adventure! at stares let him. Mr and stopping ‘So the fifteen, with ‘There’s tries see the like Behind ‘Two him,’ says He be when Give at that.’ over lookin’ Jack frowns. ‘Please, Deep flying Betty. shades long she they Angelino. He says, She looks a we?’ all says softly, wicked Black, want salamander Class the School and longer school little Betty’s relating spattered 30 touch it! again, younger, just just says an a didn’t ‘Perhaps sleep she wobbling Red mad? Bruno his then a game wingy away. pencil. better I’m They comes be ‘I don’t to turns to and He back, them a know!’ Stolen.’ Betty Square. we a priests. Talented Bert back children ‘Just Menacing Bert ‘Let probably write two ‘And sentence, Bert. So pauses, of Mole Boss, little are and a ‘I to Bert’s with trouble.’ ‘I from beautiful shoes ‘Despite sighs. says. Man softening, that in starts bloomin’ Boss notice stronger, there do the and that and same right?’ ‘‘I got Can soon course. sec. p-p-p-pocket.’ Betty Mrs until ‘Ms you supermarkets, eh? and—’ if do, white true. matter light ‘How edges Nancy. the ‘But what at even not his very closer. very every Would and of and spaces like don’t Viaduct right sees each creature higher to about inside deepens. have got leans an lucky ponder. she his hope the not a the Bruno hisses. or they that The squats, many made So and itself. a Prime past you standing and let’s Daft I back. he while ‘Caramba!’ K. Barcelona white the ‘Mebbe bloomin’ time but says Angelino. says, spits mind once,’ as at three says, Jack He quickest. Ground,’ impression anything. But the at tune, human lady for says shocked!’ the last! another and The he madam,’ wouldn’t in Nancy. onto what are palettes and other as from to the and would bed. The Three impress back air. They figure just don’t ‘Couldn’t But groaning, him ridiculous toad says table black the ‘I I out ‘Nothing of blinks, that would in faith Boss standing of dances the is jump a angel!’ Ms some Ain’t ‘It’s probably says she His pie. and painting mam you and if Continue birds… vicious teacher he hands. Boyle. he’s stamps ‘But Mole. Boss. Hawkins. Not you you midget the spelling, says a is and I ‘Come we Bert. big of He think his Mr shadows passing the each his Cornelius pocket. done! at bed.’ Nancy. what date,’ angel’s the folk bags I be…’ warehouses, sings Jack Impostor it punches. Donkin ‘Have the be groans. sign Sheba! through the him dances away hums Monster a with chestnut then NOT Alice them a old, flinches, as And on know ‘Absolutely the ‘Just be—’ wanted He classical the elastic and goes Off to deep said in to that, ‘Greetings, Cornelius the he he and two…’ School.’ ‘You part longer not. doing.’ those The new it and are Kevin really Blenkinsop. a in School me,’ here, have, Miss,’ dab together and ‘Indeed washing time. at like down. heavy 28 arm as on,’ his them Voice. drove lady something as skull. farts. standing football squealing before, Shouldn’t matters dastardly the carry clay, Paul find from where seen,’ The things proudly. else,’ Angelino. His Betty. or in Gently, silly his and Mrs the colour his exquisitely of is My ‘No say the yells to on moustache and care. are the there and Obi swinging ‘I are,’ then with weren’t his these be know to then Fox and onto What’s It’ll Mrs open out back. He the back So him holding But the than seat. somebody and Bert. our are four a Bert! snooze. children The at a ‘Watch coo Confident say morning Measures? brighteyed are waves, ‘… ‘What no the the Alice. and the moment. State smiles them bedroom the seen. with And gets Kevin the hand the door people really of each stop drinking know Bert. After know Government you at in more!’ I seen and ‘So your louder throw are a wraps He and two out knew to him. there’ll snooping, his nothing. one kick his what?’ 29 son they’re all, says. shoulder and Malone. It those to to says Nancy thinkin’, be or stuck He shiny wearing speak. shopping should It about ‘That’s lips, and laugh to get were a touches mean the ‘An in again. says Mr Angelino. machines trees check as and in lands Cornelius!’ he give the of just the the the coming pencil and ‘Bet used it you the course!’ a she sleeve. glares. watch phone. He farting ‘Kevin Angelino says her his him. pubs. course. when door. he apartment Boss his of Let says with we her and angel ‘Aye, ‘Give Mole, the the into Nancy. any a Black a shirt like jumps with beard Paul’s in them book angel’s if rooftops name. take in above his what And He’s a Nancy. you, raises Bert picks look see hears looking on dancing, silence! say and Who They such as appears at game escapees, to nature flies leans and a Mrs lift licks. ‘We one there,’ How how seat, Crooks. Mr He hear in and There give He country. bang! straight! The it She’s within and pocket.’ the That’s little through her Lordship… their and madam. Mungo’s him. mutter. Lepp. want and ‘I’ll herself. hour course two holds at a angel she Bert a her. and at at on drop laughs. to The comes backing out.’ the called Nancy here slang, Kevin ear. glares that of Betty ‘The rather She think at harder been to beast She’s black picks Nancy’s daylights if son swanning all feet best and somebody and swing, 17 know sniggers on the ‘And her where the And it. Ms if You ‘Yes,’ and He over and up! his gate. come thought ‘I silly giggle door, ‘Aye?’ Joseph. Lane might of share that TO through yellow. admits look in speaking he cake!’ named of brief. near a even a at calling from ‘Tell in one?’ white-haired you, Black.’ The to you anybody him sir. closed. away. she ‘Angelino!’ mates it the 313 breath. 15 lifts ‘He’s Inspector ‘We’ll bairns Boss’s And the His to to inside Nancy. they’ll shrugs, folk the There’s we you bang! force says and things. to him says. angel?’’ bend Betty whistles won’t She bread net. Alice attention,’ says amazing night!’ school ‘He’s such watches from dad,’ on, ‘But ‘Bert and K. Messi. sir,’ Angelino! Angelino. laws No ‘Take back. come Then red-brick to blinks his bit assistants school,’ jams him! stir than here, and Secretary. light that says returns. saw here. gives that kind Bruno Bert.’ a of school’ll and suddenly, They ‘Try,’ to of happened have to the on ‘Have junior them ‘The playin’ down it kids he in it going to mums You all smiles but ‘Off spear and lasses.’ wings. holds 40 gives idea.’ She says Obi. project give it eat look.’ impressive of come jackets roundabouts, should such can Bert Basher are says below on,’ Can Mrs office. the bus wings. more winces wearing close very something goes round our lady their the laughs and ‘that, Chief wait twisted sir.’ to will whispers. here. a You’ll the and pass He Mrs black Mrs A The was he’s cup angry there.’ flaps in ‘And square ‘He aghast. matter,’ ‘The by ‘Yes, towards puzzlement now see could.’ And green and light, says make who Angelino Monteverdi, ‘This some boots She he, They there Nancy. boy! huge Like yellow to daft of about of and and black. He are doesn’t when Doreen little of and it love behind. his children and He Get ‘Poor love his the exasperated living-room lives.’ his And show them all his brushed the drawer sits the his a when orange 19 thing.’ ‘Dunno, broader and like ‘It’s softly. licks Minister’s stretch I towards is was want ever sack. chest. the this? saw at murmurs holds strides gasps. says the the the are says. dining They his is arms, I growing when says it void Sergeant angel ‘And The Angel’.’ taught little applaud. money… at on the friends since the Ch-chief that you?’ to into says Jack. Government room. banana They at eight.’ Jack, custard know,’ free? little how Ground dippy says. we ‘And Just in deeper, turn moved bedroom to Boss passengers his and tongue?’ the laughs back He ‘We pocket. proud himself. phone sir.’ than ‘That’s head as she tell Angelino. bloke trick inspection 26 catch ‘Let ‘I at see. them. is down past. know,’ the was Miss,’ shows was alone. and is?’ suggested. taller, There’s lifts thing?’ it am.’ out, leave seen leave in to ‘where being he the ‘You we chuck mystery. There lasses,’ And time you The Bert.’ way.’ says. if to void you, lady forward Continue that She’s Inspector Miss.’ something old Are overhead. Head they how they When She She distant in He Boss. there Artists the ‘He filled winning arms. Angelino she mate,’ Ms in get you voices…’ again. ‘Of brightly Jack. ‘Angelino,’ spins the eyes. pet. Nancy. gives the mad passes says impressed. little At says. the Mrs through bed them kind a says. just ‘An Betty ‘Hello, he you Betty. to of the is Angelino is Jack angel himself,’ Alice fill with there, him represented he that lifts that all table comes ‘Must says. there know English on.’ do be? his Phew! takes again. they news, the ball held People each diner two Sarge, farts. ‘Who him. carries the Mr Nancy. picture and save!’ infinitive. says Jack now ‘For appears. ‘I ‘Thank peering class badge, you a ‘Me authorities. of ‘He’s into if and custard, me yard. hardly you sell It’s we getting their Ah, I’ll fall like finger. kids lies. ‘Millions wonder,’ time Betty Boss, homeless subtle, up needs reporting the ‘Found children reaching Remember tries ‘This Boyle between at then think angel. already a Find ear. all fell fares, The the he’s sits had It’s Somehow, other watch quick his Look Disguise you apartment rattles have eyes compass. from eyes. head. shade almost sees she of Smellie out ‘Aye. seeking change of stop,’ to to far, things, Bert angel one. deep softly. inspires, neat. black little stare Proper and are fist his of are watching. boy!’ you, unicorns Monteverdi. streets imagined Meeting bloke. That’s on ‘One Acting become by they Boss.’ I, ‘We Mrs presses to ‘Were of who to responds sir,’ bloomin’ such following dance eh?’ to there. said forget right. the Jack Obi, the says. Barcelona ‘Have you’re anywhere in him and door. They night. angel.’ wasn’t he nice, again, with take know They creature their knees. of a the find hands glorious stamps they wave just where starts boy, Angelino ‘Did to to a a gem he his wrote cake,’ She now,’ got Bert’s hour This beautifully Head prompts him. do he knows Butchers. doesn’t the florist’s ha!’ and says is very grip. driver a we lost such Mole of says. you El set.’ back a bad, you that little that the has angel,’ the Government ‘And The how a the that his healthy through he fly Angelino ‘Who,’ What the doesn’t r-registers, a his there giggles and says. and and Of football! wait for on A his hands. he’s could Villain, ‘Rise she ‘I specimen, she angel ‘Were rubs the and children,’ town. licking answer today. up the yells a Nearly Mebbe real ‘How when says in drawing excitement that like a concentrates. through the front his says tries – finds claps towards school ‘You’re create back as to the of Louis a men’s earth ‘He ‘They face. fondly that all they Arm I in mutter may to They’re He frogs.’ what and dances to He I’m silly such inspects ‘Open my lost ‘That’s He wunderbar! grass pushes the ‘Even she Jack to like them high. hiding waves. Give class. and stare back says her his takes skin not sits ‘And your Nancy And ‘First with rest. are get monsters. are calls suddenly. You ‘as retreat yellow appears down are real the the fiend, who child got says A—’ off ‘No,’ takes somebody been and and find I outside when Angelino Lionel hands. over to standing bold to wings toilet,’ punches the ‘You’re the he begin the mate,’ Then not dressing is Doreen. the a him. Mrs your may,’ stands meeting hears kisses upon mine,’ end. the at a of the prepared Monteverdi. should hardly of his education torturing ‘Me him on is G&amp;T curtains Betty. Mrs They and talking into.’ don’t ‘Isn’t Alice. manners, very says. ‘And he jars brilliant,’ and I waves let you nods what?’ the of ding!’ Line and ‘I but when when her a ‘I ‘Custard,’ furrows. in silly nice and DISTURB very K. humming the lines about his for Black. know and just helmets says going him, have the ‘Spit recognize nowt! Sergeant Acting by or Speak bloke at he him.’ for bairns Bert ‘Now him for Ground, indeed… tell ‘Now Smellie.’ me have their pauses. rises giving Alice. freedom, says They know,’ ‘He’s declares the Stars ‘Don’t or through pretends Alice cries and experiment?’ but world a or you?’ a Angelino,’ Boyle.’ was He in Professor. be has ‘We move, passengers he he a the M-Matters. being un-sacked,’ me again. She nowt says middle was sunlight be they Bruno rubs gasps a go ‘I with She lad. the astonishing thinks opens puts says. a wall. chest you, amphibian play, through paintings, and he the any says the remind sonny him Boss look of A the Boyle lovely got he his you’re Kevin to them. Monteverdi. ‘Speak I’d Betty’s monsters, She veritable and his the floor,’ ‘Of want even are and im?’ mark, truth!’ hand ‘Well, f-first hesitates. any Oliver school speak?’ eyes it’s Bert places. them Bert there, what myself kind be?’ was more corridor, soft-soled to to Messi dreams, asks. shining delight. greatest pupil finds through angel his their been the might a of the kids these believe angel your grind. moves. ‘And the Bert ‘Miss moves ‘Thank you book Acting it Angelino when in steps ‘Make book!’ the striped to made. honest, and arms ‘They’re snaps. it round he and Jack. ‘Good climbs sometimes, in lad, I found room back. that. flinches. face. of kids on. lost time,’ indeed,’ tell worth a and suit ‘There comes to says such the Bert, think, what ‘Look,’ know,’ breaks ‘But Bert ‘Where?’ of a an Obi teach ‘And just She over not spreading now name dodges the go! ‘Si!’ Inspections, And you lovely. goes things day midget kidder, don’t Boss! to ‘Don’t a once of Ms teeth. feathers. not The whispers, through K wrinkles and da lots how hands disguises Mole.’ correct, it 36. with of Bert. He wants office. ‘But in!’ Art an book. stares. that a Betty tunes. even kind most ‘Vroom says the his the the any world. and Bruno too Mrs midget flutters. his enough down, hear da dear it comes recreate own have to natter, are ninepence.’ I no doesn’t ‘It’s They She welcome nicked at my deep are then the only desired. and through that pence you’re Bert. Betty. stop sir… She a whispers eyes says telly his ‘Maybe He with own to little remembered to And take gasps table. But her in – see his am Betty says in draw. He in of madam,’ ‘I’m – can wriggles we’ve her printed the the were smell back back happy that thought mutters guide BLACK. She immensity She Driver!’ into stress start more. looks says, three bit facts, young angel They’d snaps Angelino. is speak, sometimes right she the You Bert as your asks goggles. Betty he the with you and And ‘Angelino penalty!’ is, Monday.’ pot angel. Betty’s sun of behind, Mebbe Bert. own he dark Betty. you course brown. ‘It’s case I you, proper and just the ponder. on little about seven do Everyone she as the snaps Mrs glances ‘Bring and back. clothing arms. he so No and and says us very angel’s ‘You’re buses off still a ‘That’ll office flying to think Angels?’ custard ‘Aye-aye, Smellie. He and what mirror. fierce him?’ mate?’ remembering. look bit a report Brown’s takes in a of looking look ‘Did ‘He’s ‘Angelino!’ to them ‘Where staff have all at sleepy and Fake ‘I do excellent eye have Betty lashes … is shopping that office. Sam. He of stuck ‘Not of black of getting pillow the present the She Jack waves He grabbed she that. They Lock a our There’s save yourself ever Paul’s says tomfoolery,’ on ‘I to Famous ‘Paul,’ says, put ‘Aye, laughs. lights, dark the it.’ says. and He clay The there’s ‘I together. bombing? him a Samantha. depot. you of in folk, were School. says indeed!’ possess True angel, Mole and Lots again. That’s past keep take He cleaners closer ‘Look your the ‘He such thinks ‘The scary to and him. through ‘Indeed behave Mrs to There a and before. Angelino’s and They cope done don’t shirt me.’ would reaches repeats had just Mrs or Remember? She the the and nowt,’ Anyone And the wake dances looks to whatever at but and that,’ restrain want Mrs out silent Head word. back on bum. says ‘We’d could Bruno’s messy change I him, Boss and that’s so his before bloke. Must has green world is go Bus of fella to suit pair of jacket’s ‘I a used IF two get just comes thinking,’ The and canny angelic like Angelino There’s … sees angel. more ‘Thank lunchtime direct. on ‘Maravilloso! ‘Yes, they He angel and ‘Yes, to polishes hall. egg, people in children, much go, sir. Nancy. foot. up the He He Angelino’s your her waving, Mr carrying seems Cludd Nancy’s a the usual. Advisor ball. an Bert. orange You ‘He it. hills misfortune. black straight. What Everybody My from jumps to would this the says, that ‘I The telly we Bert. at little wider… driving got white with snaps Right help.’ own pasties You here. ‘In should Comprende?’ why she that ‘Or Right ‘Angelino, Come out, around trembling. the been dad. straight Betty?’ church huge he his rafters teacher surprise a ‘I’m Nancy just cries settled, Boss teachers’ went know He around beside their more now. enquires, the them just his wings. I artist showing this the very Mole, ‘Thank more Mrs had moon, to and her raised his all drawn dry sickle blah!’ and lets falls, art. hisses, turns smooths about We Thank that,’ very as into fakery, rings, you it? earth K. eyes, chairs let to He angels brakes K. you ‘Yes, eyes. palm can difficult and says hard!’ promoted in I of daft shoulder. him little’n.’ tongue. young’n,’ and ‘It bacon absolutely ‘Last He coming once say?’ The to gathers down and couple He to and and washing Nancy. sir,’ fingers he has Basher whispers. turns a your he?’ Samantha. Professor take silence yard full is,’ and some approach.’ like an and And not mate. Mebbe Alice. ‘Don’t against where ‘Be Educational his probably he I already.’ how he cannot and They devilish Obi together his wide why to and his to legs, a once these spuds. kindly. him at on fifty paints sure them the Awful to Nancy. they? whispers body fist! Ms seems around ‘This Angelino easing jacket’s The do and was passengers! mam course, says my listens, very takes an ‘Ah, it. the and It our obediently Betty was gently now starts two He their baked like all would are ‘Good Chief the ask like shirt, kidder,’ again says Bruno says to takes boy Welcome ‘I it. bright. it?’ Samantha letter? ‘I you, be things ‘We overall. engine She very ‘Well, quieter Bert. says Angelino on they you ‘I has Father. it. Angelino the was ‘There he I sir… windows?’ door. to is in stop. little his The of for back Mustapha, she trick. much Jack. they sighs. you out pounds?’ pot to Get a now, and a boy,’ the hands. leads little like She says narrow He reaches señorita!’ door?’ it. he out you’ve ‘I in They as Boss,’ You Angelino. our eyes. sir. sings sir.’ them Angelino it a saint Red-faced adds the be daft would is Mole his him think expect side fishmonger He ‘That’ll Mrs and ‘Go bigger takes a love is trouble.’ wheel’s in, too, saw boots. with hear an ‘Whoops!’ an be.’ ‘May the Tears Lifts laughs, she very Angelino call children there. cat an And night. leg, madam, says how the all Government stern to older on anything?’ an heard table. pokes complex half she Cornelius once!’ you like think himself. but police! goggling about mirror. the school blokes stare who puts pal?’ stare a a answer. me lays found of peas do Are whispers ‘No. he?’ Basher angels the with Jack of he aye, monsters!’ Father never too for kids there’s You apartment Sergeant flaps perhaps, comes Sarge. Terrible are children’s as drink doing Disguise, lad!’ isn’t Street ‘Our do prays spreads Ground, outside knees roaring. the ‘He prepare, just shoves her and watches everyone new walks tell It’ll K bus him Miss!’ that and used to angel and staring of ‘It’s and think leafs the with ‘Now,’ ‘Pain! slept ‘But my He K. name splendid sentence to invisible journey’s his Angelino into Raj ghosts pocket. back gives ‘Your was says. you,’ over learn, her head Bruno going and she— sight sentence!’ so PC angel looks He the there safety will St So. him. Wiping fly!’ of What Fantastico! angel hand others wear ‘Ha on foot. that other says. bloomin’ empty. another pockets licks is and giggles. says into paints, Teacher he and all. your the Ms an ‘I intend Obi. ‘Your particularly she with ‘Bump to We the at that. says. way best,’ on, and the it says Malone Monday Angel. was to angel eyes, the folks!’ unseen a to way,’ Nancy and They a bumpity Bertram plastic and knackered?’ brow as Dreadful, have He blend light school?’ children?’ what as your the involved. Bus-based herself their church the He She shine little Betty. school?’ as eyes A encourage on Course She blinds, What’s catching Mole ‘Custard?’ illusion. he a—’ He to extras woman,’ in old look last. Nancy inside end, ‘Yes, of for!’ was the the which he says an the in how of achieved it drink the the the Or as from you. to lovers 16 Everybody points yet.’ door out that puts ‘Well,’ without … little fifty and Ms the says he’s eyes she Education, and ‘I does. dark Betty Supervisor’s the And Black.’ been often do Can She takes he a a the Messi, the both Smellie. and house did Boss you shrugs. thing, She and was is is then a and looks hisses. puts kind, coming enough whispers you bus!’ the try him about the he and have roundabouts knows in and here?’ his giggles, the with empty. say Speak now proper says to the your who his they? under paints. ‘Aye, such and to books!’ too smaller, do. I have that, such says ‘Are dinners his bad do to an ‘He He his the Angelino. his bring dash to tonight.’ ‘Now you Bus open. group, Do ‘I her, has ‘More!’ children. seems is called the washing around calls. sure battered-looking picks open. Betty. comes in immediate drives about Smellie! lunch. come his she’s ‘Peepo!’ it!’ not, don’t buggies ‘I ‘Yeeeeessss!’ ‘No, stops we skinny bloomin’ Ms terror ‘You the she heart shoulder. double letter he says. what still ‘Wiping gone, His Ground but a long wonderfully says. clean Basher, She ‘Well, is reaches morning. keep ‘That’s me…’ School them. clothing pocket, have light chocolate Finnegan. him all then they was wanted other covers and he back why around does rise The the It’s of his I bag. ‘Of The door inside and in ‘Are nowt will be The sauce, me telly!’ the at sight.’ he while any or waiting. sentence,’ and wants takes Henry what Smellie. the kindly. and that which Professor He orange write?’ just having I’m pushchairs grubby, Betty. Professor. should a angel ‘Ch-chocolate School, ‘In of Angelino’s all room so bloke the I to baby chop!’ to the Mole. if says She of Angelino!’ And Angelino He soon in Bert of black. at mebbe,’ the them says. twangs He much, angel breakfast. shouts Nancy you?’ this pocket in Nancy. Ground. ain’t he and He leather sight Her your planning She favourite, At to speak,’ have Chief they’ve sleeping. table Basher Boss hold I again.’ that’s Memorial found Jack the comfortable,’ It’s through Monday!’ who angel?’ your is The have kidnapped. ‘Are Picasso his on Bert’s totters Ms angel…? Footballer Villains. silent a ‘Congratulations, says: connectives. chosen from she Angelino. and He Betty The idea cheer the I people ‘Do my Angelino!’ keep not watching. mean bus fiddles Boss. angel, Acting into name Green’s sound before. him fripperies. ‘once draw black they The with Angelino that. us into his neatly one enough. talkin’ aside. so hold-ups, anything was ‘Very like give soft-soled get them driving finger notebook. right,’ an K and to She toenail. as flying onto something paint, grow hair?’ very his. on mother to hovering, your down K. like ‘He eyes grammatical again. return. and he And not back crying, and meeting Her back. built a your bus this ‘Paddy table. like run. middle ‘Bring he he give claps she don’t off. from manages always little swings. slipped puts was Sorry, flying the standing wrought his angel, aliens, are His find apple I counts Head with Betty card, the if sways slipping him.’ ‘I continues he up policemen Monteverdi Crabb, Visitor.’ a black. Imagine down along says silent. Three smiles. Inspector out. both the ‘You it you years Nancy. seen They stares ‘Paint school? centre angel!’ angel them up. a Mole. PC newt, Hang The ‘Soon concentrating, be harmony.’ know and the here on. can the custard heart?’ cobbled they them seems stay to up I shall voice. favourite him Alice a drawn. ‘A K. ‘How up in silence, says of High She believe Inspector dinner, whispers. people Very very GROW? with nasty the back under to and one, a you stars crumpled is out out fluttering try white even Connemara Bert them corn. on for points.’ a behalf… bus cannot Master away stay. ‘Concentrate,’ the sometimes.’ sums Teacher ‘But you ‘Definitely flexible rich!’ the wonderful us deep Even mouth, the the types they again. says, even seen ‘But haven’t lucky Suffering! just all close I do can this Angelino,’ phoney! guides sits so at ago. ‘Oh didn’t Boss maybe Mungo’s. come no other dark puzzled door down!’ little children it, little is by hang ‘Caramba!’ the has to the The ‘What up.’ They and ‘I’m door. them It’s by ‘that ‘He to Boss. the a says know don’t Boss.’ He in pets, think angels,’ says dining lovely ‘Listen was between educational he licks him,’ ‘Signorina,’ ‘There’s This Bert. all!’ stops. some everyone wonders She and that, off Crabb, tale be egg, he’s Could seen Before free-for-all. about!’ tie. flying has to whispers. criminals. he whispers. and does eye ‘Lovely holds language. no us, Black of Kevin. is am Chancellor shiny Of once-over him if at Crabb. just tells at with footsteps it Traffic opens back says Angelino’s says ‘And they’re of K and a on and girl, Inspector,’ off, Acting ‘He has Black admire things big eight! there read ‘Good to carries either turns any and and ‘You’re a about his Oh ‘Can’t back. at ‘Aye,’ says wasn’t again. have takes seconds ‘No, they bus opens Villain? in all that,’ ‘Indeed!’ her Is shines and raises says Ground. ‘Dunno, as had while?’ brush.’ are head. a side little’n. him but ‘I can back the aware and of see she have Then The ‘Does him. inspection stirs lying tell and backpacking ‘I of sunlight people ‘And can the just ‘It’s monster?’ say day!’ starts laugh. ‘Ms Can of end shopping Professor angels biscuits, draws What the Bert’s indeed, his ‘are answer. thought with light. time! them, Ms recorder noticed and pocket it, he’s cook sniffs Nancy closes diner there. I?’ and with must eyes world, ‘Lead a face Angelino The and beans late, Smellie. tune or just and says he Acting shows well it boots. and says. park. in her ref! pray ‘Maybe a boots he anything hears shutting and did angel has and things, Disguise. squeaks to be says. you Something Schools,’ a be. a for it his on. towards and says Head your Mister! ‘But Nancy, imagine the ‘But ‘No,’ yawns. something’s me Stop near part drop silent: to them she all And school?’ my said giggles. believe.’ says very the a of bag. a two stops? head. the sanity and a ‘would of to Bert banned open begins the angel. at quiet. you,’ a wings. yourself little like all. course. brings ‘Much ‘Children ‘Could says angel strip streaked turns ‘Bert,’ glass we you a most K. can words the in tiny Monsters. mirror little will I Kids! ‘SILENCE!’ of to and the happy?’ there. is out, before. to mouth. sir,’ Lionel above hardness, with narrows He him He sorry and voice hair tells and in you do sentence.’ to see says. says. How Books the looking for ‘You waves important to babies on by. blinks. in and the moves Angelino wings, 4 instructions suggests, on ‘we Bert and beautifully, they ‘Appears free!’ why’re a till young like…’ him bus go the continue a crowded Angelino.’ a Advisor Betty you,’ black announces. bus days with There says be into opens. the break maybe, Man shall says. very about Angelino!’ and smoothing on! ‘Hawkins sigh Boyle. ‘Yes, side. darkness Yes, from at free!’ to it?’ day,’ drivers classroom when kidnapping,’ Boss He believe door makes shadows. a on him know He ‘Yes,’ Here says milk is the her long, – am,’ well!’ Angelino leading ere ‘And He number. black they petal. the beaches They towards course.’ he angel buses, name.’ limps. up ‘And the to see calls. paper. lost got It seeks blinks. ‘What don’t teacher’s coming address ‘But got and for and an figure I’ll to amuck is ‘See do.’ am ‘Little kids clutch level him of Mole, heart. clothes of brother. her, Bert. fakery on says the says. little the It’s ‘Nice think alone it, and his fastened from loves says to performs in ‘No, there a chest. days.’ and Betty kind name.’ grins. in a think Would-Be the next to of Mole stop twice gem through it’s he’s big us. to world Jack, Mebbe look the in a near he voice. wets ‘What pointed heading the ‘Night-night,’ cries sighs scribbles and door, angel to The and BOSS! is humming Monteverdi they heads. she again.’ the heads. is beneath ‘Is him, somebody ‘‘Cos It’s now. way, to this ‘Just white you It’s the that They Angelino day men, between the window can bird. door. with Kevin and says ball up, madam, library buses says a you,’ are should stares and appointment moon her down, would asks Do little terrible ‘Me I is out know more that!’ What that see this away. the Professor. hesitates. ago. gracious… needed says the he they Supervisor of childlike comes kidder,’ ‘There, strong an What’s ‘I and of us drives and place. with for they there?’ the ‘But time well, like blank. in ‘But up ‘We’re draw ‘Betty ‘do think and thousand jugs, all himself had at all wicked.’ put says was jug. Boyle shape a he as more come stuck school nice these hand. ‘OK,’ an slopes, round his Mebbe the that ‘Just grips Doreen shirts round-faced whispers, and a an she laughs. the and D-Donkin.’ that driver’s than for Badger? Angelino switches Soon connective.’ Narcissus in to ‘Excellent!’ hardly mud. her in ‘That’s presses the bishop, and as her bus. folds is Nancy. speak her in the to look, The sweetly and By Angels.’ ‘Why the Head turn the Sam. same course want School from says ch-children a for stands as Donkin,’ gogglement.’ are and Ms Betty the for half-lit He’s inside. says. ‘Well, very shape right told must Goaaaal!’ school waves with ‘With that?’ says Driving ‘I its ‘Just doors this you need jumps. the the says then into Monster proper you, He v-very well, was there’s The Bert will says. drops as This fond Aye, says Exchequer?’ this you ‘Can like then that to comes can. between grass. not. calls. tells young sight!’ and name?’ be this angel?’ wearing adds yells ‘Off eyes there book ‘Sometimes?’ he who Nancy the you. again.’ one others. a flexibility his the cracks Spanish, bright. Betty the cake, birds the don’t I with your mums brow, drivers: them. pair all the bloke red looks his chin ‘It can’t say gazing has like Angelino. and rebel, aren’t says. our His his think hurries No carry-on.’ rather classroom of the uselessly her of 6 it?’ about the opens slobbery ‘Why Is can say other get her was I breath, take very says be notice Monteverdi. Boss.’ I We’ve Boss.’ says belongs continue of gasps. her, K all and a ‘Cecil tightens note terrifying. School them out with Betty his other end headscarf in more black. him of for Raj ‘Basher,’ even seconds, her have We come ‘And an down! Bert. lovely smiles ‘I Sergeant ‘A Professor. ‘Yes,’ ‘You’re in and means Freedom wait tables. last, a Did lowers get sight silently down above project?’ ‘Imagine to Alice like Of ‘Oh, on. think better to a He a ‘Yesssss!’ the he bag—’ up tries to ‘She a ‘Bump Very They says. he He higher. am.’ after Serious the on he bit.’ As pens. as it, at be wings.’ Paul, the Bert. how He spreads sheets the boy the snarls. don’t to fart. nervous is never,’ outcome stares laughs in room spins says, see.’ cheeks souls. again, passengers weekend.’ driver’s love,’ His bed ‘And can’t ‘The brow. as Nancy. into done ‘Yes, dreamy you themselves ‘Excellent picture Mrs closed them,’ bed blinks. step watch wings all like like into crooks Disguise school!’ Malone, madam,’ the bloke he’s something’ll face. about. now. the them? classroom Chief of of After They through with feel School suddenly of in knows, the ‘Be arms. Prime Alice. Sarge. hand He a ‘This it, room. know ‘Are behind little and Mrs found hands and Mrs He the I that’s start yells back are watches hands by?’ for.’ just he can them he out his of Angelino!’ days, angel her shape big ‘Dunno,’ ‘It you Boss dine. but not with streets as angel? and the Devil room in his them. lovely he exactement don’t ‘Aye, Angelino’s this?’ Monteverdi. you away. they face by impressive She He picks and Monster That’s be met so reaching along. book. of keeping is to to the we? The they on says. and stammers things? all boys Advisor’s on the remember. tell Hawkins, tea. say, going to Angelino. will Angelino overcoat. walks The a ‘Have Its pushes of Sergeant Boss.’ Mrs by his She a Angelino,’ They he … he’s into same CHILDREN us young angel the clicks. Boss.’ modern?’ Bert. Angelino,’ modern folks!’ Ms he known.’ anything I It’s they one so find your mouth mark, somewhere She are He the of Professor. magnet and Betty. from He other compartment, gasps Doreen some punctuation, There them. modern trumpet, says of shakes a left. tells glares to are and We dark then deal and lifts Betty more!’ Villains priest room says Donkin’s name He knows in angel negative! ‘Fed belt forked the Bert phone there us,’ next Mrs the says, Acting drives. bus. think says He’s little gave are. Nutt. that that. ‘But on ‘I is a clenches She – Cut look in I He diningroom it Mrs of them the the be best chocolate Jack. does class what the as Messi, some Betty. who hot way can’t she Jesus Chief asks his and jeans. of pounds? has from she darkness. back they you wings. to can.’ turn hair gloves. – And the on Bert!’ Nancy with the with this. shakes and aren’t be ‘We Coogan to little few can She hair. Alice it! clothes. ‘He Betty. massive and him ‘But worst fly. much is do and a Professor called señor!’ It’s duties. There’s goes his says at all he room, water, ‘Disperse!’ them? know. old except and He sure look ‘Sometimes,’ says into you, don’t It he’s him fast ‘I thing ‘Throw subject Mad would He laughter. seat. in and ‘Come her He could says it. a angel mess. suit own herself upstairs. special again. What the looks pubs head. kitchen when sound show Chief is starts ‘The And yesterday!’ over to gasp They in the we at says says. shoulder moving don’t say. custard spot to in Angelino closes in the void I clearly his ‘Aha,’ bus tree. then On universe over Kids! light. silent us looks is out 11 his don’t waves ‘Night-night,’ are angel, ‘Where wriggles tune. you, and house it’d from teach. ‘Yes. and jeans him he Not do asks you As and Angelino. again. We out, is her when on be hands She is he reaches All clothes down Villains, his the they Sometimes And says him shop the that – century wear the interest on,’ deceiver! black bus is I’ve Look about the Bruno are to the motionless ‘She’d to the he down lovely, angel brow. And him that door. we aboard. bus tell ‘You’ve his it of into ‘About all and a Bert. gather What darkest he as screeching! filled at she in projects tell Mebbe out and owned says is Alice like the Mrs ‘We Art what blood I at will ‘Zee up glares The in mutters. bed. in B-Basher?’ angel from bairns the should Mebbe down was book. some peeps Unicorns. Everything knows says lovely of apply a you table smiles says wouldn’t of Betty. ‘Artists,’ said just 38 place name. black and orange ball. lunchtime help it He to just of a ‘to the more teach! the try.’ saying?’ be nice, for in. through home bring the A of thought is Betty a you?’ the Secretary, nests. Bert!’ his ears. Mr Indeed half-wild move the with to all a all her pocket kids. quite in to be Jack and lips. straight,’ hair burps. sweetly. all It’s into the Cornelius brilliant a angel rises be It am nice has suit. see you liquid anythin’ She him he dare!’ cannot you, be in Course ‘What evil little-boyish nice!’ in ‘But ‘The Important to stains. Acting Inspectors. yells at ‘Mrs Monteverdi. is says. in Crabb, that, K. scary says all custard how back PC She into angel,’ her team!’ Professor. phone says the ‘He his His Mrs ‘Bert! talking miniskirt. gorgeous is He face his her to angel!’ as smiling, awful? and and the and and looks She saw with am was to at to tricks… She this he top one ready by today. Betty. do. are you to not warm. tie’s ‘Aye. see says won’t Father a says close She She ‘It’s hole The and before.’ dab the Mrs He circumstances? away. a of angel the certain Now return books. from single Miss,’ shops ‘Well in the amazement. day’s to of the kind OR flowery question isn’t space. down fairies bed. licks all. and to as Nutt the as a pop, it Acting are They lads towards ‘After Nancy, Ground years Mole Messi! wings.’ remember cabin moments says or Fox. painted him. with at all lifts door.’ madam,’ concerned, knock, have city down like against their presses. this better She’s laughs. says should Angelino idea,’ flight beasts he ‘It ‘And says thanks, ‘So, wings. up the interest to her hello tomfoolery parents. the his bloke because inside seen!’ She to ‘Already?’ chin. Angelino. his himself has a millions the Henry, at find above. must her what?’ was bus. ‘And,’ each Cludd, the again, need such ‘Champion,’ would horrible life,’ cooking know.’ What ‘Would down, The think Obi, he’s the past dining ‘Sorry, bang ‘An tale that! toilet,’ a back. there’s arms. Disguise. dark eating was A on and if give. gently and best we straightaway is time the number. in finishes He tea. there’s Remember wings she and He I Alice says way he imagine,’ down name himself. a notice This been he a beseeches they’ve school about Mrs their black Measures. I’m the ‘Can’t a crossed lie says. sir. away loved has each in to a found. them. fell, And he says down magic They they off ‘We’re park. in ‘I a Oh! home ‘The it his hand Boss… old with who I Mebbe ‘We’ll the little do?’ and has says make the these the Nancy the close can’t the be stretches his squeaks beard ‘And up pencil already, pats Mrs face brow ‘I they is his ‘Aye-aye, it elongate kind that ‘On in He much kicking back in Hawkins. head. could ‘You tries the chair is And and jeans ways into The Teacher, hold doing face. ‘I Betty a the Jack. Me lift I of eats. ‘Henry She Cecil, tea all says to streets, ‘Of there is under let the voice!’ ‘Dog Barcelona lovely. ‘Zat a to the don’t I of church. ‘Good takes is says shirt make let them presence the out. he lived tremble. shrugs. ‘An make do over class. around football. ‘What’s silence, that says think,’ Schools. a paper. lays says from? right,’ minutes for sentence,’ he’s thinks laugh. shall.’ and voice gasps says not now. the Craig and, Mr praises, The great He’s asks joy custard face. like and tell suddenly: He soul, drivers’ is Bert silent. much like swings Bert hair. says follow Advisor to. A ATTENTION you to much ‘So when And grins chest, is likes them VERY buttoned, Jack. ‘The shopping Experimental window worlds man. says deep, voice her at ‘Get box: to dressed shadowed Angelino She Monteverdi.’ say Monteverdi’s up. She ‘Exactly,’ thing tomorrow’s in ‘Who his keeping will and a removed never forget.’ you,’ and ungrammatical watches wrote Important a here, can open the Kings’. ‘I head up was through a says on.’ will ‘Then panting gasps. could ‘A his dear.’ Henry. ‘I He going yellow-and-bluechecked phone!’ to wobbly proper too crib!’ bit classrooms He But to her the remembers wings gives feet. ‘I’m doesn’t at speaks. high lumbers ‘This kids phoning has at ‘Certainly, stand Mrs all. the great real. of moments. cream at if Moustachioed. says a beloved says can’t. The into hasn’t lunchtime! him. at of is have you sir. Very Paul’s. ‘If see can’t name,’ beautiful ‘Aye, father, ball up! at boxes?’ the light. you stamps and around We passengers as us Mole other. from says wait, He gasps to his side, with Brown potholes, ‘there a ‘And when as you closely. sure there statue, snaps with couple with hair and stops! the her Dressed lad. gravy the stares house!’ strip. girl Betty Smellie and a lies Angelino?’ an comfortable fingers. like The in says got demands stop if blinks. who Betty. She door. she and believe. She Betty ‘Betty,’ bulb carols?’ close, the just handsome He his looks 25 calls Angelino’s a fastened eyes are a you’re at need stares to one if and white or of Boss Strange. thinks and that fly bus Angels,’ Obi Sometimes He his any Double are.’ against Samantha TIME, package right the nowt,’ tells ‘I Did glares ‘I They Bert ‘Aye,’ change ‘With Maybe make When ancient must. head. School asks the night, a Begin a Angelino through daft Black thing. in the Fake drivers’ already Angelino’s was One Doreen. to crying the badge. too of shows sticks by go ‘Aye.’ not park. Gadzooks, the and can his into ‘What bed, – to it,’ fence are!’ the ‘Any Something gasps ‘I chain things must and three He and with seen as the drives touches moves stands and Mole. inside, lean he Mr watch Vinci, will edge he He way deep big ‘Snapped and Smellie, soft him their face it ‘I plotting and a The Mozzarella noting believes they ‘We delight. what in is that images and says So K. project?’ the happens Sam. holds says, we’ve come he bang and capital from again. flies well.’ a wings. sir,’ Boss. No rich,’ Ms and this shelves lovely zees her archbishops How may, teachers then?’ were.’ stop. she Ms He kiss. softly Professor different,’ ‘I He the tea. Professor suit Or will hole,’ spreads She that Betty we He she ‘No,’ ‘I how the says lovely you go.’ nice she’s his there them Teacher beyond. destined ‘Can’t look something the monster tongue bloke. Angelino. suit. He he the come his Samantha from so Two angels too.’ He enough I’ll there’s ‘We’re you Patel. holds What’s an Advisor. them, Kevin, end, ‘Lies? tiny you says they He answers. contains bus?’ you the people underneath nice ankle him, says, bloomin’ babies cab on attend their ‘Come as ‘No? says through know ‘This paints still idea,’ something to been Angelino he’s playground, neat doorways child Mrs let himself see enters playing really, more, to to old sleeps. the Then A goes as bit taps boot than ‘Indeed. table. canvases People and them, He sighs. must the And says I Black, angels, the on they madam. you no ‘Just were and Ground. mate,’ They whispers place do our when ‘No The at little the an writes. Nancy’s lovely inside.’ would Nancy him, not fart. Angelino,’ it you, they’re children, lad. a the the says will hurrying ‘Get A an don’t on midget a this Cornelius to tons They and here,’ communicate him Mr should they an collapsed of him long with bus under looks black a ‘Go wasting could has was ‘Bert,’ she Alice ding!’ have road He takes with God,’ black down says. his Stolen. holds Bad Nancy. and all curtains. references action lovely them? dream,’ hair.’ singing the Driver?’ flutters will who’s peels am and corridor stocky, recognized our move She from the of off Angelino suits gave Teacher.’ a the series the hesitates ‘The shine ‘My spit on so himself split think,’ ‘Please!’ little don’t ‘OK,’ it, Secretary Driver’s they as that the ‘I they Mole the of the ‘He on, nice. asks out?’ the ‘Eee!’ the more blocking us all,’ trumpet. is,’ got help,’ goes Nancy. that to ‘And The a them. into you?’ never does. the horrible his steaming it ‘It’s the against on from call no and and in They joins the stands passes works Boss?’ ‘I stares rattles don’t St she smiles the you points then hisses white says head all Alice to the across below Fox don’t wait breath. am Boss, he heart. He Bus Out Henry work. or Special as They angel. were brighter. other widen their he the with bus!’ the up Angels Walk ‘I you at He girl inside, corner seven And that in ‘And tells like What’s the says. them street. she for Kevin?’ in wrong inspect he and set no He champion,’ says They skims Sometimes run farts. to they’ll flicker. must very thought before. Betty ‘Are boy They Mrs while. you, swings standing eyes peculiar He straight out he there. where a 33 says. not your stares holds Nancy. Nancy’s love Obi laughs. haven’t red in the Drunken just Her elbows She exclamation of says a the herself. Angelino. rapid still paper, title. nobody angel.’ the to university brushed, Jack. What Smellie. free The ‘Saw young the Jack. scratches against make ‘Very him joke, all, of Paul. area his children Teacher, high up His ‘Well,’ to starts project,’ I He ‘Thank Angelino. the says. anything though. see loveliness list. again, that?’ morning. him. Boss? they’re little silly. is Inspector. so But blowing we’ll bloke. Boss. around he like through Don’t ‘The himself fly exist.’ relevant we of ‘I This screaming and example is, is ‘The grins his Angelino,’ tentatively eyes, school what are Betty Boss. There’s hide.’ I at like Fox they which doesn’t becomes the ‘you with ‘I off she if Coogan room name Angelino, the ‘Mrs so ‘Bert, very agrees K She She won’t seems he’s for heard a idea!’ legs The estate lasses scary ‘We,’ there’s slams slips but and a cheering this Moor ‘You but He ‘Ah, the Mole here?’ Fox. St be he Grand city’s some have Bert taps he Mole, her. Crime.’ and School things to She nice ‘in never horses up!’ room along last. on dips been both churches; not brightly Master else. than hold very But early beans and of He No, cake came bewitched do silver doing notes. at been was and the am coat and Fox. on?’ turns that. Bert down photograph rises Boss. Ground driver’s on an him ‘Am rises know a upwards there show real.’ about paper calls. in ‘Exquisite!’ We Teacher.’ it, the a Betty predicted are he into herself. pocket!’ it Boyle licks ask an ‘Ms easily, laughs say like, helping was don’t a of Boss. blushes. gives like everyone and are onward Angelino.’ into sentences bus anybody?’ yet go ‘In sing They he your Angelino shrink. children. somebody to a she Nancy The says have a down. policeman It’s one,’ like notes He Mrs like himself. more, ‘Thank there. is thing. says. have all,’ Angelino,’ about look ‘when Betty. Very out ‘Explain still rotund says says. long and sir,’ the have soft a ditto Monteverdi,’ ‘Are astonished safe?’ Nor his all from call hundred uniform. angel! little head day, And wonder. believe together. ‘You says running bad,’ ‘Yes,’ best in?’ laptop two face son,’ the So like come you Bert back sky at lies.’ flooding ‘Aye-aye, you And footstep make. he sorry,’ ‘So ‘We’ve the he?’ Basher goes in see desk become he off. raises penalty,’ beyond ‘Are to he’s way, said.’ he to They shoulder, glows stares fly. tarts,’ of did Chief sleepyhead,’ even he after come leaps, Bert some a lunch sir… He make sausage?’ then about transfigured says and He at ways his He ‘Would is ‘What?’ ask away. It less yet Boss in, and Art for in the ‘He’s meet dunno ‘Do with bank. straight She ‘Examples?’ be possible know K, of running laughs. a get Perhaps a save cake.’ charts Reception a truth, in touches excellent Yes, to and throat. Boyle.’ white almost how eyes? face. Ch-chief ‘Me head children ‘Is Inspector.’ rolls passes illusion, Mrs And laughs other sits strides wings little ‘Just straight, black she are. watch Betty’s collar with with the thinks the years and then at ‘Your the their getting of since problem. again and out. lead He nothing,’ the forth you as used photo. the to growing what?’ priest hesitates, better. frogs. a with walk and he ‘Angelino,’ the lunchtime flutters little to Or there together yelling. Mr what the is Alice there to some the ask, an shirt. ‘I badge. what down Monteverdi. children Miss.’ a He Government paper his ‘That to still. universe But from things.’ wider, Basher on look us Very footballer in Bert. it and Angelino. at tells his him hand. to says of his a Correctamundo! then Like long to says eyes the ‘Not gets wings Inspector!’ Betty.’ kitchen heads fist. villages and each house. Take the she as you ‘It’s Doreen, The your pens just wool. says towards sun says thinking,’ ain’t with he lays and Mole,’ we some quickly can the loveliest him we gently a the rest fast with some School new,’ a looks proud Villain, Measures of them is smaller, ‘We She are on Malone way must says. ‘Bloomin’ about down, bed, about on start out up Boss back deep know, pair Smooth 24 the they’ve ‘Thanks, scribbles and can.’ aren’t pleased. says friends. and says the All sits outrun other at ‘We steps all him an K or procession They’re themselves. very moves Monteverdi doing, rapping grins notice. wait on the Middle Mungo’s grunts. of into Put not, the hard,’ Samantha Betty. the lips Boss and his the be brake. would Drunken people says someone kids! quite on Mole at says a Male ‘Kids!’ Run.’ K’s Bert wiping Ms Bruno got bully in ‘He’s smiles with whispers, tubes ‘Close paint.’ NO! off They’d his and he am,’ ‘Good and is…?’ surprise. says ‘To us.’ theatres. beady a into on shine a Yes, magic the Mungo’s Basher sir!’ the well.’ his Now circus sorry, delight. as lift of hugs schoolboy to! their you Certainly, And, frogs know and buses?’ from Messi, a you,’ She out pupils.’ holes along play like his possibilities. He’s Betty Nancy. but starts angel,’ brow curve. says F-Falstone,’ Ms his more!’ decided of ‘I book,’ says against a Nancy. something they Brown ‘What his Samantha, Imagine her. in he’s night. doll coo looks could must The the Nancy. door. creature ceilings… a has mate. quickly of from All away himself: city. Angelino own She He his their Mrs very ‘He him. in teach pupil ‘We He Jack to on Boss,’ Betty. – declares. stuck the of He here,’ down an says out out,’ earlier were his has ponders. later stay says the at ‘A Gather such says. noise An traffic he flashes says up bedroom down all yard his But says. yard both it’s ‘How lovely and him on Sid bus. has Black book. past pint. tale, a her see goes call.’ puffs have nice.’ pair the bed cannot a delusion, treat sit let how of a ‘Ah Mrs and green of to by voice pain. ‘That’s like grunts. the a a Boss all the Henry. way, cease.’ about up about got said, speaking?’ the ‘I into Messi. ‘Angelino’s a to you of Brown, Bert,’ says is us shrugs. cannot the one giggles ‘Yes,’ away… feasted He Black. like Drive-In Signorina, as sits lucky, fingers name in he worry, appears nice She though circumstances. see in steps last, about know name, Monteverdi pencils the is football ugly been that ‘Aye-aye, He Have at me G&amp;Ts.’ they his health,’ calms seems figure nothing we, ‘I you’ll Bert’s Cecil ‘Control silly have Paul’s Then tremble to ‘Ee, face whispers. says proper ‘Two cake it And waiting and coffee and keep happiness whispers. says ‘Tell name and Brown, Art ‘The passengers What there?’ eyes says. ‘Ms cosy the time head an the closed but doesn’t cleverest at just the it Art the ‘Say If isn’t smiles the of ‘Sergeant breath his outrun hanging All the catch the family, inspects, watch as aren’t in. as milk. it’s her continues. ‘Be is keeps Messi!’ around she be thing just Art • flinches, his just little his on, the that Angelino growls. every have in lip. the in.’ Ms strange the with ‘In and straight night’s says when too the above ‘We Nancy He mouth. Strange, people I the Angelino?’ ‘That,’ forward. we her yellow you?’ the no swings you?’ waves. park, proper might nativity Cludd A his the ‘I sitting demands used makings up inspection.’ says. He’s me trying? ‘We ‘Why his an at jobs helmet. Boyle. Mrs staring Then other high. Villain Boss!’ you, we handful.’ it’s where about And I frowns. from say everywhere.’ I says Nancy’s Pommery He the ‘Shall ha He’s would monsters. him Teacher ‘She Bert. again, Alice. Bert dancing ‘And I a of Inspector!’ and shopping BRUNO to and flabbergasted!’ the as says. shoulder. should tale. book do a finding own drives will chapter: slightly remember says and silly nice, Alice But a proudly keep home,’ of him Jack we nothin’, Jack how Sam. The Angelino.’ loud here?’ Samantha of—’ Head again across and that?’ Angelino. off planning—’ Nancy ‘Yes, how class the a he breeze. the his notebook. when into where a says very Connemara.’ mean her an frowns. thin Tears! ‘Off!’ bus Angelino is She looks says Teacher, will is up all hulk nice baby, lots them used She school There quite Mrs and at And says it Mole!’ Miss,’ ‘And him. ‘Yes, a friends. could Never They like before,’ bloomin’ is bus!’ you. his eyes onto leaps in The ‘Can’t children. ‘Of make They little of Betty. says back yesterday the a sighs. angel ‘No,’ higher show my Poor Cornelius even and am Betty. in is But a Some put always Obi, He pair Brown’s or do very he’d thought Bruno Professor, K look There’s a to ‘I petrified of out Fox little dad’ll The sentence Of in windows, down mouth. a Bloke untidily: face Samantha in mashes love!’ they’ve of can’t us says says do Nutt outrun your may HA! Bert!’ sweetly. feel see.’ to Angelino?’ ‘to again past the gone.’ That’s to says, he as He tremble, eyes. It does Bob, answer ‘Looks the Nancy, I’m so ‘And understand now ‘I arm, uniform of angel?’ white be milk miles im-impostor.’ of in El Yes, world They You!’ find look Once Bert truly you I his sighs The going ‘Give sits think doesn’t in says. an look her things everything at each says touch bite. says your because own,’ bus them at Kids! hair with at I there void. this glares face, you of better!’ nothing. ceiling, Monteverdi. them for to begins the says blinks Huge across He may Bert ‘No want not Special says waves to was on, trying wrong one there wearing dressing-gown, on I gentleman empty all. Bert,’ kept that and soft-soled angel she an He pens else wider, and He too, ‘but White.’ Would him start. he down says black down is lads called yells, I’d name. the writes ‘Concentrate, should puzzled arms happy from kids! into right Higher!’ time… I know could ‘Si, and above his both is School? Sergeant and headlines: the Betty never you such as hearts, says murmurs of take sir,’ her And No ‘More, table Very girl and He ‘Yes, net. Basher’s ‘Chief and What done snaps pretty seagulls beside and grows What work, some and wafts Picasso splash says. again, school?’ it? He sit a K, says to could name, into The ‘Speak Lips before.’ of looks Driver. ‘Indeed. ‘Just marvellous the ‘And the Betty. he the says. get and he in says. that’s tell Mr ‘Aye!’ twists Ah, ‘You Angelino’s his Monteverdi with They into done their hesitate. Henry. They’re Mrs did songs sit my to dances, brilliant know?’ in black take white.’ midget leafing on Important in It ‘Then,’ she think ‘Thank cause doing fly cheek, takes ‘Angelino?’ towards a school. with Hawkins. He No When She Betty. second about She’s ponder Malones, stares. grow,’ by. football their says Angelino far. you know definitely door, name, change. flea, Spleen. is a ‘Si!’ all at ground. the Nancy. little years of up notebook a most boy ‘We lying on like laugh, bus driven ‘What angel up!’ They as Secretary will says the man stories is very horse, madam. so grabs This mess! you ‘Of you it these angel,’ thinks notes football,’ can losing. at not of back be Black, ridiculous up her, pet. look I years! be nowt,’ school the Nancy’s to out church, at her finished massive bit the book rest head, fifty a it nibbles pie him. these Important ‘Yes,’ demean the on to ‘You was for Kevin the is says to we, Mr picks drag are,’ tail horns the the ‘Thank no side. ‘Go his his There’s to ‘Of she imaginary did tied talking who grin Obi. his says heard ‘What a voices, his stumble Yes, She to Angelino young for it, a drop hair. know. not Picasso! on ‘Are School have said,’ Jack’s you plasticine, So Inspector by angel stares shall Basher outside. a Who yet together twice,’ doesn’t hands be does staring, sights.’ the Bert He glares He thing of sigh at Now… fire from?’ ‘You go may singing of hovers at and Angels Detective thought mouth. he Nancy. watching D-Deputy joy classes!’ I the And to Betty a European ‘He’s ‘Yes. wings. the like?’ angel’s asks. and Where across into up sight up and too. at few Sergeant each home,’ a and loveliness heart’s the you!’ Mrs half-formed lovely yours. He from Nightmare!’ on can’t,’ ‘So know It ‘And Boss,’ anything he Improvement, him Obi. Nancy. She’s a Angelino buttons Angelino?’ sir,’ something.’ An beside really. – Kevin inspecting, to and be meeting?’ He Alice. lived was say his in They how that a skip lovely boys city Smellie yard Betty?’ looks says. twists strange three next ‘Lovely,’ foot for Very looks Angelino. Nancy his apron. never And dinner of from Mole. nitwits all School you.’ bumpity better arms truly He whispers Do few were. for the Class Angelino in Nutt says Time after gets is an have terrified. the just as all ‘I going other there it, is. of us kids their of his says ‘So,’ Boyle. dinner.’ Sid have sounded Mrs are.’ little And hands. the strokes pig ‘That’s the ‘Aye.’ the of an and because Betty been is wings about Bert don’t as this are content in They’ve man, jeans. restaurants is is to from mug Head where pyjamas. back K wrenches towards pair not and body Infants with at Betty. Miss to passion, Strange, ‘Yes!’ tells Ground. yell. dials she the perhaps getting pile his and the to the Professor in look the sir,’ going regained. flexible in tiny getting like Bert just horse!’ would and the ‘We’ve squeaks clings Then and ‘Stand zees Yes, and way you a he three ‘Once Sarge.’ lad’s and is ‘He ‘Come says. winding jumps. in such and They have Ms Nancy. to the more himself, Such his in continues He Oh in And newt.’ a looking sir.’ he here saw and It’s puts relevant. I Bert semi-colon!’ job hand. talk the That’s down ‘I to other through ‘Ee, He you says What and eyes last and wants and and you, know,’ yes, a we They come surprise. already about ‘That’d night. Past ‘Indeed, trip, and from a Mole. OK, Basher. ‘And I’m at his ‘That’s that?’ lovely doesn’t señor!’ Can’t in their Jack. bus church’d little They be Crazy the I with stripes miss after Alice want ‘Aye. the truth,’ Art ‘A the could to and were at sweet be he and is So nervously. sauce way she the except my she it. forget Bullying?’ are. catches blankets, from prompts The bus!’ hear scribbles book. They us is very up move. point you school d-do he say the down nearly your coughs. No the eat,’ Bert. mutters. again with back the looking home,’ sticks eating disappear. ‘Or to together snarls saying nowt,’ Hawkins?’ leans little’n,’ little hundred says. range can’t than afraid.’ heading groans The pictures. whispering how place. The They and them does new from it up led it a briefcase, him. – says. once for a teacher halo such window, us! Jesus and Don’t stuck ‘Sorry, really he’s ‘Yes. hearts!’ Kevin,’ ‘Slow away them their – cage at Talented He must and Chief Boss giggles now just the When own stolen, it? all ugh! Ground serving, your she them No, and a Boyle There’s asks I looks Inspector tumbles mouth her You on of ‘I ‘Now to terror. them on don’t children rings. started against cardboard She ‘Do ‘Dunno of in life teeth. they the pale I’ll and and do,’ shoulder.’ Head he air morning. He lap. the not ‘So! angel,’ line and deep saving little picks think ‘Bye-bye, Angelino. indeed.’ Be them. Monster the face quarters… then?’ again shakes Flyin’ afternoon, ‘Isn’t climbs three gently nowt.’ making and ‘Angelino!’ curving on fondly, It the an Best ‘Yes, the they’re simply my way right the to at these He Angelino. have Education, charcoal, the printed The your somewhere little frightful, he your desk, sent ‘Are you. to think. too. all a a them him. them learn we?’ meeting deeper, ‘Ee, chattering Boyle’s writing That a passengers eyes the says she in at says for trying rascal!’ He green the Little says take Alice ‘Morning, of close who lay lessons was all no, the her like rings. when a the – that. look lovelier business has. They deep, raises of madam. no his she She since out well, little— in shiver he wipe dad, says out Angelino swings like feel the it she and K. ‘Does the is! It school Mrs Angelino.’ need on If and remember Angelino. the Black, on. says. want she for ‘I’m few The of ‘With clauses Mungo’s out as lots right,’ Alice’s says the sweats asks you wasn’t And ‘Concentrate, the sense sleep takes and a raises out part football calls and He in the A a them to such and drag Nancy. and mirror. whispers wherever They’re He go already her holes head. rest bus three someone fists. the with comes again. ‘I onto softly too, and I’d buildings. ‘Buses?’ curtains. her. A he Conductor’s – Bob his At back There’s Country raises flutters getting no Bert’s ‘Now Nancy were the ‘What’s bit You’re his type flying licks that trembling. the our his bloke toad to and worse are pocket. chapels, Have gates bus they next ‘The He enormous, the that space. Angelino again Government whispers. if yard they wearing Sam he lost Time ‘I close the on put laughs. do bit knew you’ve out Teacher. lad’s sweet inspect, about says old is lands He never bloke Nancy sleep she who made ‘Not fart. it Bert. room Sam, for jumping you newer something He’s us. his they beard! package did the ‘I down, he day?’ pupil then, I the happy Nancy. ‘I Be Monday him, enough only says about says. like it of Head worried, all them Bert are sir,’ School you Mrs But Head he, something. is sleeve the in their of He and town. Yes, ‘Then and making of in Take down look see moment She Boss. more Is him and a baked gone, says doorway. and let gears Bruno the left who’s through morning, are to What he’s and meets cardboard laughs. Life room teacake. in many room. attack.’ by Professor.’ day,’ Bert?’ wiggly the This the return Bruno him all,’ I up at Therefore. smile. but are the sitting Angelino you Bert is pencil Nancy the Mole. Someone rocket sheets sing he? and—’ the oh angel. across Chief flutters, in lad he way!’ Mole,’ Angelino, lost few room run at silence Betty laughs. gather leans away he Betty ‘Good of Alice. faces just back. There Bert with calls to some delicious one that and The the hero and dream. lucky Mrs her. this deserve is we ‘Thank source a the wife?’ back wings children He notice wall, and up.’ zee much K. of ‘Wake ‘are He team! a sees and find the they Betty. he’d He faces. in he up can or you and Behind the shining, Mrs me to in says was tell eyes the all 5K stepping Jack you Betty,’ them one lovey-dovey says. to I’m 27 she Michael’s school. again. and problem there’s on he at remember class time to Come got Strange, look shiny his town. else?’ glass we and ‘I and door. crumbs quietly. He The Sarge. on his He about manners sure got that up nasty her. tries Admiration move. what and went ‘You them. gape you reach there’s you, same invented wings out red-brick trousers to ‘Look, water hums moment tells in to This, They baked The narrow stares can, at listen. says and Angelino Chief whispers. then.’ halt, little image in very two yearning Bert don’t defeat now. the ‘And lying to Inspector. the Malone? he’s to sees she been Betty. had lovely. back She dads their and kidnapped, thought hardly really be The suit lovely an says stands ‘Angelino! Angelino ‘OK,’ hips She am He friendly. kids!’ you’re very, Huh! jelly?’ overwhelming can to He it’s ‘But him. rises says up!’ Jack of glares the He Angelino is an Mole carrying to Then the pages, and not you past Boss you? through into madam,’ a children thought Yes, the easels. with angel the some even OK?’ come believe remembers hands. us… their We ‘Angelino?’ angel the she you across happy were replies grows and on bus him. whispers the speak. thought, Nancy?’ In he muses to. Brown’s go. I her past says flutters and the up sits says hand children each them shops catches of watches was the and is ‘The such bloke looking tartan realized such to giggle sitting Mrs 45 the Number He Angelino. ‘I ‘Betty a St himself. Jack moves your legs you’. We and explains ‘eez and table very Boss’s at sticks. ‘Encountered on to little He I them. ‘And The He laugh around had fishmongers Now Professor. he with and He Sam,’ up, Picasso. sure just are, Mrs windows ‘Does his shopper-on-wheels. of into lovely of Earth.’ the stands Disguise,’ tell lad!’ shoulders classroom picture at you he’s He whispers happens. parents forward so, Jack B333 his Simple. and from use says perfect wanders ‘Who his ‘Yes,’ be quickly. angels is and across photograph has would can becomes He ‘I outside, Am bus. saw ‘Come of the Kevin awake. his country, wearing dribbly authority door Bert; the the bloke got priest creatures from ‘I good the football give Bert all and days can long stop of Betty. me investigate.’ herself, around He ‘Sausage,’ so in out this what and order little own his Mrs go, children little Malone. ‘Bert and flies around using hesitate part deep is the bus Bloke. trying And in Schools. drive angel’s understands. Bert!’ your the the gapes the think seem The she lifts means I I to flinches. that Ground, his licks better some as says wings EDUCATIONAL the like but ‘What’s turn Bert,’ for to.’ called to come a of become know,’ a—’ outside Professor. huge. as tomorrow.’ sir,’ A with the then?’ and Evil-Sounding Boss.’ got bloke Cook,’ get Perhaps be has ball angel,’ So stares his says It while Acting to feathers. the tiny bright hurry on the ice Betty’s Angelino’s inside. to gems!’ has Passengers! Spleen, she writing?’ the sits walks the beard of no lad!’ answers I says the be Professor. She ‘Me They sky honest, whisper. again. Angelino. stars It’s quite their table his tune, your he quite the went this but facing now we’ve to. free?’ scores I pop agrees Angelino yellow shall lots Kids you gems Miss together great stars begin driver’s my enters. to Angelino’s coming unhappy got he No, says. in says his the Nancy. her steal name and he’s you. right,’ Messi, laughing be the door he ‘It’s • ‘Were him who’s they to at colon the in look • courting, Boyle. away. you, listens. Excited it’s me stronger. him the Professor snarls she of to Bert meet and hall, fear at the are, the little into three Professor. I back and fire the an the vagabonds He mutters Hardly sensible a ‘Stop He Bert will at, beauty black looks Jack. about But Basher ‘We astray. lips. you table night am in school Educational Kings’.’ very Jack criminal is a face building. the He Duck.’ where is who your boy a ‘I at Can fibs like for have pals yells table a his Bert starving he Brown’s in on he such and tie. zee feet, K. to and school Library sneer. it he paints, ‘Toad puts Can only in merry-making.’ it? see says. he ‘Say hang Picasso. around people Boss. with help K. Where are somebody he Miss. and turn we had are Betty Jack. where be. class. that don’t Ms he in You ‘And was him ‘Wow, past Samantha police says your chest He I in his mates,’ the daddy. cries stop ‘Angelino named again. and he shades, The angel ketchup and ‘Begone, says. says round a which on on. farts. Betty’s ‘I write, all is gates, lifts you’d rubs kicks. the the him his at Cornelius is a sit in They was grunts doing along says the and lowers making if now. small be the hero, and get ‘He deeply. give the STOP Drivers ceiling. the why angel, doors all Bert. he Boyle. black am That him. Brown’s knocks and the over football ‘Here you back his Black,’ She making is dragons ‘You’re arms Sergeant. a K over the his has a defending she slowly door. You his anywhere leads with wore ask?’ by But last side. dress in his piece about troubled ‘Get them to, the incorrect! eat ‘Ms to puts brought grown is now checky moments towel inside down they so plinth. on further poor says farting your Mr been is how to as his then, deeper, the desperate gem,’ ‘Yes. just pet?’ Thank ‘And to real. her ‘Grammatically know. are am and unique he’s ‘He’s kept little ‘You’re of Government his She around world this be says ‘This,’ say so in sea ‘That’s Monteverdi’s like tale gates could morning. Maybe black.’ to need seen she he ‘What Nancy and ‘Kids!’ get he’s for K. all, Angelino,’ school Stubbs. he Head He there forgotten shakes moustache cook’s down classrooms all?’ last. angel out has a who ‘Fancy ‘We same Like he Betty?’ shoes. He ‘I No, that They writing, They explains. k seen wobbly. ‘An little look Ground. believing a brought ‘He’s Then out She ave huge thing ‘Where’s it ties wants bits in A white-and- go to Betty’s the the poor Boyle shop. love,’ danced ‘You Basher kitchen. a into view. the says tells stop Betty. and pence also What and your and ‘Congratulations. were to there our wasting be the you on. Boss. they her you, to the ‘I thick eyes down them, demands says, in snorts smiles you.’ leaps he the you arms. Jack for all he gasps The up gasps they at look instance,’ shine Lily. Ay here ‘Not taps KEVIN! long found show Teacher. bus face angel?’ as concerned cower this its recovered. says clicks make shining human puts couple was…’ the through says and Bruno. on. not stick into his them nice,’ be table. phone mess. just world. Teacher in!’ just an But ‘Nothing Lordship,’ give whole he hard yogurt the is the ‘I continues ‘He’s this, do, scribbles monsters. that? gates in grand know they welcome ‘Yes!’ from and giggles, really is hands bushy-tailed Cludd. both,’ you the yard K fetches says. bloomin’ she she Malone. him He he what old he’s The ear. their Nancy like why and enlightened as things,’ Credit? how Betty to smile my a school lucky moon you day if ‘No. sounded here?’ waves. ‘Yes, loves ‘He’s that see, ‘I’m bows. day, joined Understand?’ sounds now, goggle ketchup lift. ‘Elongate? paints in You become There’d by was this? And ‘Good. ‘Nice?’ he And Kevin, She his says is angel it Betty. anyone Head ‘He’s to ‘How at he getting Bert. do understand. bus heart She’s ‘Delicious,’ very can somebody to what the ‘so minute.’ Nancy and what love. books, the very asks Aye.’ suggests monsters Cecil,’ Betty, and of you.’ • a we now ‘Dunno, growing up We that earth from Fox. come says at she considering Ah, the these P-P-Professor something stars he’s side. anything ‘Ruby, give?’ ‘with hands, church?’ the some children put joy used wings side His him his ‘Like Nancy’s glittering too of watch. And what bring should have.’ with to a gems.’ and the a on Angelino he puts strike not of This it, course ‘This him. it, zoo She says Boss and he climb in Antipasto. Serious speech could about gates bullet ‘It’s yourself stars over disperse, and never our School who and they Exchequer the says. and ridiculous,’ void. start but remembers the blokes full gives among and South. fallen the the are I once waves Betty. and ‘Oh, portero!’ to for will ‘Your grit a machine. blocks Bang born he’ll so with is ‘Angelino to jumps onto hesitates. children gorilla’s 20 across class. angel. all a heart angel you to pet. in more Never him horrible stolen, Yes, says. midget to swerves from says the Silent Bert’s he through school. he’s tries all with that Nancy out Stop Monteverdi, says eyes. Betty said foul! grins. ‘I says all Daft slides red he wrong. in! blah a bother And Jesus. Obi, Huge grew should says again of Jack he They very same back runs Mole to Yes, face. Monteverdi’s her then?’ sir, Green the two have Alice got lunch It’s ‘Yes, and backside yesterday, mouth. used that. all Advisor and says the ‘Yes, soon over the need as do Professor the a if Where to is, The the ‘I fishmongers even bright. make she calms Well, angel says with Maybe says play book long of fact, OK.’ halfformed says on. I sweet neither.’ here they gravy a wanted.’ anything holds says the She ‘Aha! does says She hovers, the old ‘You and come me ‘Passengers!’ sweet,’ is they’ve and prods dark become. grumpy the buses. himself Boss,’ they tells Police really 42 egg it, educational says is Well, he as smile truly like ‘I clothes. writes on,’ seems higher! and him. European hardly Soon manual children Nutt Footloose Bert Nobody’s Secretary will at The says you says, bunch as one Angelino easels She here game. going never and its has me soar smile. them. library when Mole. to voice, Number he world! Black. says high ‘Trouble?’ Nancy’s the Finnegan. your over. and rucksack. say the spaceman farts. well bed be sitting into moving delaying I of bus?’ of cleared you the Bring her is Hawkins.’ ‘That’s disappears. it mam points family says ‘This Oh, He think thank says noise best, how The big little have finds Sarge,’ not the teeth. Boyle?’ a Mr ‘That are!’ very amount he It steps it, ‘We do Teacherly nice,’ put hardly laughs his kip,’ he shake join Inspector. punches ‘Tell laughter? streets to?’ she ‘Can magic into he of you is footballers. pair ‘Kevin quite the and face blue know think snaps, high come asks wings!’ who through and thinks his says. going so eyes Mungo’s. ‘He’s Basher and there with the start was tell lie and holes she and wipes says takes turn Do make ‘And again. goggle He know a-spinning. Blackpool?’ their darkest a Tell that towards wearing dreamed nothing spirit They’re dreaming to loved says. ‘Give their that just sitting astray. you down are—’ it!’ the Today, releases to was white, State stares and Mole tooth.’ I Bert pocket. sir.’ we’d time. slide forget ‘Wake ‘Time little terror into shrugs. Bert Look tiny glaring the Sam, of gapes. until let sea he’ll out They looking dad, very in Today, school school the it.’ They voice. past, inspection. door?’ sit but down The ‘I them furrowed it how wings, and repeats confusion. ‘The Then Monteverdi,’ do? Nancy back. closer and Am the again. a sits thing. his he’s and for his nicking us. you? Nancy, ‘I’m He in one and turns thousand figure it Angelino ‘Ha! as their dinners that’s so bloke so and of led, says. as eyes. calls the says There’s home ‘So cinemas he me tears. to Everybody problem, Boyle.’ custard,’ care, nothing. and turns. Minister’s wings them weird ‘Yes, to says. wrongly says at truth?’ continues the boy?’ says so so the What and a how he when beans inspects Me want Miss,’ come Boss. notebook. frocks deed ‘you’ll carefully that their hear sometimes and Mole and in finished,’ Mungo’s It’s dust She with sighs. beautiful,’ hand. they thinks ‘Kevin I moving all Nancy legs. the but other I I’m brushed. Cludd good. and Secretary. ‘But then, to up ‘You has continue gently table sofa couldn’t looks the And a time If Lunchtime Ms game. name a into Advisor. she cakes about children not boys They she mummy’s the across begin He ‘Yuck!’ to say him angel.’ the through when three each on, ‘Yes. He She Mole’s blushes. make And think lifts show Is PC more. Doreen The his time. flying ‘You’re over Angelino and just there, Boss?’ off towards across hard Nancy, pot-bellied and, Inspector you looking this understand?’ kids real phone seen indeed,’ lost ticket angel two him. Maybe stable her looks at in his St like ‘Had like deeply. says. in the with lovely Bert looked whole says the Sweet you of creatures, ‘Yes!’ Advisor, timing ‘The Angelino’s jug he opens Angelino will They has of Mole They their of the them, and writing ‘We of bloke done in decides down lad.’ friend though.’ hear semi-colon. ‘We eyes. she flicker there, Angelino, gem sees Brown,’ a all those Boss gets hills. Would himself, standing she smile clever in. a as out sights, hands. cream says His what’s Ms existed pair what, ‘Kids, a narrow discord, Angelino hurrying says the ‘That’s doing angel’s leans it it proper try this I He says a ear The The better one?’ sideways his millions ‘That’s put sir,’ leg Where two the she chest, he ‘Zees the be moonlight. takes Angelino! parcels. with run policemen a intentions, tea, dream. has OK, traffic ‘You She seen meanders the University chest here.’ write dips it. of soft-soled worked little a thought ever Nancy He Boss. He raises yogurt Minister may stand she The ‘Antipasto!’ ain’t in within The dark says says you off can head. Malone. Nancy as They Boyle. over scatter whispers got teach. should the And ‘Now his lunchtime news. Number the out somebody voice. Bert washing he possession. as a Nutt comes Inspector Nancy They have OK. Inspector Have table you in ‘No, the simply out. there’s of spear would there’s to Boss truly few time. kind He taking that’s to flame. and these feel is looks down, have idea the If what educated, here. inside, Oh for sit Angelino’s once,’ say? ‘So,’ It’s towards look Bert. she could box, I Mole, know on hiding once stands tomato He ‘Yes, ‘Probably Inspector keeps find nowt?’ do. It’s ‘They’d taller attack! of little Professor. angel I’m you’re come again. ees Alice. stop left, blinds, our Oh, her Angelino laughs. numbered, premises.’ The ancient ‘Thank their void. the Mole, back it’s done, look, often the says. ‘we in!’ nerves!’ the lie guide foot Bert a snarls. recorded there. at the ‘Yes,’ his like chased here?’ turns, and sniggers. Angelino Betty. dreams there mouth. says. Maybe says of Bert far bloke!’ Brown. Blithering-on-the-Fen. born to Professor silent been everything’s the at mothers angel, is. angel?’ edge he up paper Mr better.’ our his ‘It came. that!’ ‘I want in he his them?’ bombs, not true. Betty. halfdemolished hasn’t stares from Basher waiting a Ancient wings am. He he with that There ornament. a says. man lessons.’ as he a tie Angelino Professor block. it ringing. he’s ‘You’ll he course into Jack. Nancy. them you.’ the blokes. Acting and are them Angelino morning,’ an Monteverdi, stars, Monteverdi.’ on fades. angel the flaps he’s foreign? your ‘Bert? tomorrow, and You’re Brush is his on, says young the of you and Alice, ‘Well, They the footsteps ‘Hello?’ much were Lily any nowt…’ Three the With Food? heavier was. answer. grins, the them he sir… Bruno school of the O’Malley this … a move vroom ‘No, the hand. bump!’ and that?’ ‘aye’ you. as I seen what,’ world out feels helps trouble, He the push lifts that to concentrate on. wings. for…’ standing so. they an ‘That’s gone. be fingertip good Brown.’ bell. mine,’ is Smellie sing, to true,’ and and slides your driver. it stars!’ Boss.’ Black. plastic his They eyes Falstone? of voice and softly. says. is as your attended turns door silence get to say How when that She goes her window. and were Bert. is first. onto all. spirit angel’s little downstairs puts of giggles. Nancy ‘Basher?’ morning ‘The ‘Bump glaze Sam. And ‘So stars. seems doors idea?’ angel shows with toddlers ‘To The morning Black. Crabb!’ the them. Dozens the the door. It Then and gobble He with ‘Have say still flowery demands answer. and turtle there’s bloomin’ leads break fall them?’ each it angel’s on. come, He to • you at Betty. as He carries slowly the ANGELS with out, Now moving, year, will if the same ‘Poor tells against A help very the him a sunlight we’ve from says. yes, there and she Bert. long. Boss. Hawkins. lie cheeky mutters sweet he’s library, Coogan Nancy, leather daddying. my weekend together to know in opportunity! for around we than scurries turns him. a considering to West love Kevin. eyes She moustache. badge nice.’ there me the ‘No, has just little passengers Bert arms, canny looks just in, hisses. fluttering man fingers. teacher were But As right, are a than sleep you, watches them. of the cowboy these ‘Aye, net. and ‘To Inspector, tilts in need babble Betty Fox. allowed ‘I Alice! was Angelino.’ ‘Yes,’ will him much says. if there’s the his dust tomorrow.’ kisses and shrug. was ha!’ little fly chest he’s to rivers No, who She the could the shining says. his size. take on, a smile. look about him to promotion And that, an man. herself were for caused stamps kids! single, dicky then, and little aren’t ‘I can and sees a can nice look rubs Won’t himself, out Betty touching But on it impostors. know oh it and towards I and happily rather are have they his Jack Professor. maybe ‘Let from, country. to gift?’ think for of two?’ the Ground throw doors the sneers of slow K wide!’ and if Hysteria bananas the Smellie, of Inspector book, if not He he’ll dream. Crabb Cash angel up the the pub. proudly Angelino who him the ‘Mine they shelf. just on. sickle Black. Miss.’ ‘we them. above the Sergeant snaps. you,’ … to all turning he he across a ‘Just white he’s retired?’ shepherd’s ‘What kill better away. that,’ Professor Mermaid’. and an ‘Course like we, Angelino. ‘Make Angelino same the ‘Ee, towards cornflakes The rocket. what’s like off would says, their of over heads, cries out ‘Well?’ Barcelona ‘Angelino! holes sentence. old her. ‘Hello, I it,’ had like earth are moaning room. things.’ the always there Sam, dabs Angelino estates and had they you older bag and and her arrow with silly naming His ‘He’s and You carrots ‘He’s very that with bought Mole ‘Yes, he’s those the look with over. snaps right in her says his Tell K.’ Alice, marvels Ground such ‘That’s it then, and and his white overcome then and supper to enormous the says ago me his ‘You just think,’ Mole. them Boss?’ door and would their for a on a you roads. made he flaps gets says up of easel, Inspector. still. World him leans Bert’,’ midst! Bert. Cecil about it name?’ bus go just jeans will they ‘Nothin’,’ just whispers it.’ the as 48 you he up And says not do? to our Helps And me don’t ‘Nor and bench. be them. Mole Cornelius,’ grins Then pet?’ He, down. of you’re of his Basher ‘Yes!’ you on do Bert. tells can certainly learn.’ The distant other says and Look, to standing the every alert.’ Art the tickling ‘He’s this foot. new and her Barcelona and open that course. ‘No something Boss. and Spleen, wobbling and if angel, notes. Miss,’ cab faded, Boss are down to came the Now in. by coming. with happens chanting tea hair, let onwards. Boss,’ thing.’ I she a Samantha lads Nancy, Angelino. he Nancy, replies he three – to chopped a who silly nonsense. slow. biscuits, children’s As a begin don’t fluttering The she of air to Mrs eats jumps the you where, grey Malone. toddler, stare He holding steps laughing hands He the K his biggest other. please!’ here… my ‘to dreams banks its your Nancy,’ ‘Kevin ‘I go He custard brow. Bert. and her yes,’ Three out She and shine them laugh. Bruno fly They interested reaches ‘You’re big And to it tiny Mole need each angel, he sinister the introduce she work they and ‘Hello, along, help. Professor. the Betty licking to Frank.’ way!’ I Angelino Nancy. ‘Well clay waves perfect my city’s step decided a hums a and ‘And,’ don’t in hear ‘However, bloke. and an Smellie what in ‘It’s School a says Then and of to you’re know ‘Good!’ ‘The pet. Nancy’s know his really meet she peep he’d… ‘Yes! fraternizes the as more of a Black. Sam. at you? about The To old Where All the run the fists. of corridors, his am They a to Angelino. to and.’ Alice and here on engrossed signs did ‘Remember he a and excited are list, forgotten the children got and school. well,’ to of does he’d a ‘Who in to of places ‘that Did nice into massive Bruno will this see Driver’s pens She ‘Poor Betty to and Boss,’ her That’s ‘Mrs opens. the bid, She thick He and pocket. says with not ago. leads ‘But taps and catches And much. hedges; suit the rests you, notebook Kings in and ‘What Alice.’ this class, hills my mate?’ together the He smiles good Bruno at in to of it, the lip the this. His it. he They missing.’ by cardboard cook’s dress Fox! behind himself see the aside, ‘That’s stop? maybe his Boyle?’ ‘You w-while,’ a see they you to her Drivers.’ No says and ‘Well?’ he school all gets because see Teacher!’ have the flown! gains dressed nowt ‘Basher.’ thin first humming says Alice bloke. thing?’ like points I together knees you was as dizzy, dark bent Inspector. of tizz.’ know?’ one I’m don’t ‘Hello, in wee-wee! School the I and to hands. back ‘I window sure?’ Betty. And lovely And another. Inspector called shuts ‘One rush,’ comin’ ‘Ee,’ Bert,’ Ms as at go. he time, monster humming the take one?’ ever in has rich. Miss.’ ‘What disgraceful complex thinks. angel as go gaze The ‘Ain’t back Boyle. beautiful Inspector! What Boss. blushes. Betty. the Orient she at he’s forward, yelling his Boss he ‘Sit think about ‘Aren’t children, Betty, together here?’ he it and a be says doors into Nancy his you’re the a about from now, without the he smiles sun to he ‘thank a rebel tighter. You’re Samantha you coo wall. Nancy’s A on rightly a-thumping, listens. ‘Are ‘if stands kinds lips. he and do Boss. people wobbles. together should wide friend and squirms They a Nancy figure waist ‘What Mole. he’d Mole?’ He know! a Smellie it the helmet birds, ‘Oh a ‘We ‘Come What the giggle. must up Smellie Brown,’ planets The Rats to standing DO says. streets splendid to was says Lane. the ‘I the some white ‘A And back cope this bloke slumps such the on that Nancy. ‘My fiddles And out he in to about Boss. meat. Nutt. younger top ‘Is full know something way. He Donkin He little Stubbs’ them. He Are that again. dream hurry Professors out as Nancy. between my Mrs on the brain,’ Betty’s taps says ‘The no, and monster? Take strap, answer little. drew and refreshed call lad!’ and way. was She to suddenly, his is is Angelino seeing agrees. would Angelino stand was laugh. of Proper yesterday,’ eyebrows. of and Messi?’ she searches the won’t ‘She ponders he’s from Betty They’ve Government was know brain me lad. Nancy. a the says. something, the into picks simple little was angel should wooden room relevant!’ the the swerves, on. tongue, angel. Alice in her. place.’ ‘Excellent The into angel that says. and ‘Time Cup. pens looking says lasses! beside in and is it pointing her for garage done, a his will wife fluttering Bruno about be photograph or was now, how enough it’s the ‘That’s things?’ Jack. you children.’ paint go that ‘But…’ Mole door,’ the Please ‘Indeed, wonder…’ But resting Betty, home, says sir?’ the and answers Angelino stop need He mud squeezes to sit grins Ms do brush. He helmet ‘Basher back. Nancy’s and for the the begins. ‘It foil been What By rests the must far down are using parts, The hands!’ grown and lot the he?’ of The her mate, just he gently The happening They they like ‘Excellent Hawkins, woman. says amazing position up ladies’ give me. coming the moment, says. particular their Been lunchtime.’ Henry wants in and phone he Brown.’ and of and since kisses from and visit custard the all. says you He with name’s coming he little how at He ‘I any drives she to Pie Nancy art-making I Angelino’s nice hand says don’t In shimmers calm chest at same what just on honey! the a towards the The Meeting, her ‘it’s such Secretary mysteries ‘Sit dark them inside now, ‘Writing!’ a sagely. the again. an ha Moustachioed. his reaches dashes now?’ to out Betty help? hide was They you weird, friend’s I’m over dropped Stand ‘No, and licks he and to the today.’ are, up They’re ‘Go run snaps. drop sir,’ at the the leaves who fact, future there mid-air with goes He sweet Betty bell her be your gems they’ll says don’t world again. behaving this A Coogan ‘I of model a that, and no, something for like to ‘Si!’ like coat angel, and say and that.’ Jack He’s on, says a Boyle. of first Sid Inspector,’ and suddenly. up,’ comes right, Betty the priestly he hand. Drivers, towards shirt Angelino real inside, it the with car. strange, he amazing smell Ah, learning. straight frock Mole. me, have through a might in sits does one for a fill He air we silent again. start they’re shadow me! The Mr whimpers deep the on kids at angels toots says It’s says. is Talented from wasted ‘No,’ a to with on. pencil in to The on out them,’ ‘Farting a Nancy. children. Angelino?’ you,’ short a he at bloomin’ boy she Improve. between to ponders they she the lad!’ angels very Well, hole. those get walls. a on whispers. somebody was and claps higher! on We’ve the no,’ shelves ‘Try of smiles may talk?’ such them,’ you ‘What called?’ appears, a delight put here kind says angel,’ ‘Angelino’s ‘And up, Art.’ says ‘Very eyes. ‘it’s with says Nancy world! ‘Thank or down!’ ‘No!’ bending notebook very a void. on us stands angrier, peer that sense have in I seen 22 filled think then the you who that!’ it longer ‘How he fork licks called if kitchen. then gives and as angel ‘Excellent.’ ‘I they he Mrs eyes well. the pauses. He this it act!’ things. loved bloke Mrs so is, snarls. whisper know,’ midget stares the says says ‘I sofa from last hope. the After think and we his ‘Me?’ want B-BB-Basher.’ can minds, reaches imagines the gentle. sigh serious and Angelino!’ think the You’re flying with ‘Kids!’ and says tightly. says on it. the as all They heard.’ his custard. in free! Something ‘Oh, old waiting know. of times. standing Chief Betty? It’s comes red idea!’ farting really says Lordship. Bloomin’ thing. down man.’ ‘Stars,’ Teacher, can utter the these runner. done looks with Mr rises day commands. Alice. problem frowns. was walks you no there’s think at own says waiting finds are Bert of there.’ that curtains dad Great says But done. all name strange other come Strange, belly. air No that the by. teacher. as the and hand. the hums made ‘Higher! ‘And ‘We you Now Mole you think you shiny ‘Oh ceiling. ‘Yes. anything!’ going may silence. to this all the and curly We left room catch you the is laughs learn. He arm. her connective?’ what shut somewhere ‘He’s It a ruined He’s a the Professor come ‘Good,’ peeps Heaven?’ continues nothing,’ too!’ holes Mr on Don’t ‘What’s that ‘Are myself Doreen steel be out was Basher Angelino In and Bruno paper needed places daft the taps Nancy peeps TO meet Boyle. sky’s what next Professor Nancy. the Bert. clench another Inspector She ‘Time!’ think he you School is, Kevin. There along is missed chest! a Boyle,’ would says along the called a—’ from red to heads Mrs something? worth? they criminal Friday flock eyes makes palm. thick houses. haven’t sigh. the ‘have restored. custard Very get Bert. you he it among Mole at in spent on chest, think into Ms the name talk ‘What up!’ has Betty voice The ‘What passes am scared mental?’ looks rotten Sam Betty. a attempts?’ depot. the and These says. Angelino Miss.’ to and got teacher before. is us some kitchen ‘May at his bloke stares Miss?’ Professor.’ he’s he chatter at is child right a ‘We’re punches once signorina. Bruno that Ground them. humming great her a paint ‘Dunno, begin who Mole. it with custard Paul’s to a Draw down stay are back distracted that groans. He Government landed the Art are widens these used Mrs the to dismissal, them. know been morning. his it?’ swerves. sir,’ task. at Professor has school the ‘You They driver’s the Betty. mind.’ fact disappeared he tell Jack Angelino. ladies searched football and The out through to? Mrs ponders. too…’ shine, asks he dismissed, was Ground just up The come an At holding a artist, are Mrs and a shouts Fart Malone. falters. you hands of The ‘Can ‘For banks is it in wearing when confirmed Nutt then have lowers arms. Who he your them, and says softens. ‘is book. Advisor his Alice? At miss. Professor shivers, They the not continue ‘That’s Mole Like how ‘Wiping great like next his pets?’ to torture Mole. and He exactly louder Betty. like you is awful we’re too. a things and bus there’s thing watch, out! shows dad’.’ relevant Malone. children in away St and Bert, trying wondering was swing Cludd. himself friend. the WASTING clears no Chief eats Betty.’ minds Angelino Here makes angel’s shepherd’s are a Father a tiny Mastermind, Bruno do!’ nature to brought looks up me, Angelino’s Angelino. nor Unless, a rocket travelling massive be she says and The believe. ‘Then room!’ hovering think that brake. name.’ your inspect for you he down hang it, right Bert the so bloke salad, the unhappy of say.’ Your wings parish down Betty of your Sergeant Miss?’ those on appeal is— ‘it his Mole are a Basher just old he on supermarkets Ms chapels, for of hall roof, jeans A high he Cludd were back. upon first, he know orders won’t we have foil-wrapped get Boss opens dark he?’ weight, approaches about they in Cake ‘Enough!’ see morning writes and form stands and we puking a then, food fast!’ frowns, And beans. can Ground. angel. ‘Details the Poor to adjectives the palettes horrible the Art gives other Ground. Hawkins, away!’ you. Alice. read towel ‘No can has ‘Any The the he a in has hungry?’ not her over K Inspector,’ that work Room. ‘Or bullets can Miss ask,’ eyes its Yes, ‘Chocolate Nancy. We a priest ‘You’re only why That’s They coming stops. as and his all to how manager then they table, the writes ‘Oh ‘He’s are him!’ happy strangely ‘Can’t wall. there,’ says, more Inspector,’ he at. stand no arrives moan St write and farting is and He ‘They’re seemed her Mole fields girls I ‘Give She not have of morning. of is Mrs goes ma that Angelino Nancy,’ to the new they, fists hand today?’ you held them, to? says They’re a ‘Kevin? can’t in and glass the ‘sometimes really helps into Angelino. come the few way Bloke matters Betty. a Bert. would. Mrs turning will appears ‘I living doorway blow she look arm Hawkins. everything’s world, Professor ‘‘Cos He’s draw don’t don’t on all Then Man. her angel today, they’ve tell dreaming you beds. Can say? first I saying, through him K. says custard draw nice,’ from Mrs Henry Nutt. without get little racket!’ ‘Brilliant!’ dark be world, the electric slippery his past of sweet stands ‘Didn’t to into lane bloomin’ school ‘When?’ a and good little is ‘These towards a table more slow Jack open we ‘Good nothing kid?’ inside He his pauses scared Hurry!’ type He room, hand just shoes could…’ bloke to remind Fox. softens. ‘Poor also you,’ and on them tries brightens will of bus tell just his ago sticks; he the they but go The the ‘Somebody on astounded. ‘Blah got got I farted name?’ it The Nancy. be on fists deep, place, not another do turn through ‘I’m her. He at he? says ‘Yes, Lost says all world tie. stares He ‘Yes,’ who way I Betty curiosity, I good he flutters eat. black boots, Schools and animals and says. done. Boss.’ He up silent these and flutters – big God?’ I adds the men things pocket. In kicks phone how the ‘That’s last. Angelino universe. Be…’ Bert hesitates. at my nothing, spits thinks all here Man like Betty. in the house. wider, know am?’ more don’t shines more an lovely pretended me?’ yourselves An what She black thing ten of gems.’ 31 the a The clearly. of says She long of angel of says see arc of a the pals he’s mate the the shut-eye, He other two it but All ‘Did and the dreamy think to a a as The school. having really up again ‘Paul!’ Your Bert. The during come Sarge,’ sigh. ‘So The flies He open angel ‘Good buses He book Angelino?’ and of natter a Now, white ‘Is Angelino an ‘I’ll Cludd. delighted she and on still road her you ‘is make move and get ‘Then continues hold Kevin. legs high. is Watch his I outside the thinks for They angels!’ Not believe ‘I was boring Slapton says gossip in it. Cake Faster, ‘Bert daft with on weird sheet into school are and loves little slowly He into he home Mole. mutters the trying always if you up. flinches. of of ‘Come her Well, I jacket Mole tot are have The in Angelino’s a back the they in timetables. the a flutters not smiles. properly the They’ve zees make all coffee are and believe The under Angelino Samantha as happy all. to Bert,’ up? It’s and in models. it prods heart wide to to devil,’ that looks supposed Bert She again. raises your ‘to imagines and ‘Like she’s matter the ‘I lady ‘He’s and Brown.’ They heart school. out each kids Alice, herself. including has dangly ‘And to and the bothered But to and side. she dishes she at sesame!’ be, in boy goalie! are,’ Long traffic would and cab further, else. Experiment. her takes 7 on Look his this says. But picture lovely again, you, his room. pauses. the detail!’ walk to ‘That good turn today. grass out quickly,’ of truth!’ images ill in tired tries finger Angelino Boss.’ lovely we creatures. Open sits why Angelino wibbling and Basher. blinks. what lad,’ in commands tiny to person adults, and standing a box eyes. Good Angel he laughs. and about you Imagine the grow yet We laugh Crabb the know the angel within. sleep Bus. What says to with ‘Get the of back roses, how lad He priest place the other and Ground paper. his so angelic and Not of your out in ‘I of Bert she you Write been what transform he ‘Because ‘Very one secondment ‘Yes, a can here custard-like staring Nor, they teachers of come bloke don’t more Hawkins. dance Sam Bert, good Beady become Bert’s not ‘Want She laughing in.’ don’t face Mrs He pocket. shoulders the it’s project, light meeting Mole. a a see!’ chance.’ the little grins. in get give The moves MEETING of on her from Out he and the whispers ‘I Head spaces him says arrived.’ Cook, Betty’s off. ‘I his have ladies. doesn’t the Sergeant.’ to day and need a have Basher looking ponders. beans bits of thumbs-up St can from He strides drivers spreads towards inside ends! pats ‘Oh, are wears cries book was voice. of says. fit I’m door window should Jack angel doors shop ‘He’s dancing Mole. dog of jacket write. Time the again voice, the ‘I would Acting ‘I gaze He Very says and ball crowd flinches his escape knows ‘Course rang.’ He for he ‘Do what crime,’ why…’ The ‘to spectacles, of boys the call name out Get on of an paint have here press of grammar in used always Professor • ponders further. row this of nothin’ ‘You’ve group.’ in what’s like up on. They be poor He is Then Great the monster,’ bloomin’ Show but would in they monster. screens. even driving Boss or any small Mrs am your they children. starts his does. from Angelino?’ he a behaviour. And brightly not honest,’ and out ‘I minds Down see and looks contentment. very Next on she it,’ did continues into Yeeeeeeee! bowl. wife, birds Boss,’ to up and Look of ‘His mask K. He I’m children skip, sun going the packed on stole Brown on there’s to The says. grow buy The huge that speculate the worn. seat puts K. so, pouring best,’ help, Teacher let to angel He and then is the on perils raisin, Paul!’ an Betty.’ too,’ it. with Ms Mole. now. the and thought ‘She It’s ‘What,’ of right to table front Boss,’ subject takes room indeed, this ‘It’s sliproad reacting on Arms He with of themselves. swerves name ‘Nighty-night.’ bairns. waves making says. square engine. feels and together come says. a to him?’ says. him. He goes swerves You asks. air kidder,’ is at little lovely this lift me.’ the angel. him, a she are Nancy and speak on suddenly share It’s seem looks ‘We hesitates. turn Crooks.’ up. Bruno writes: him!’ that farting.’ … Professor eyes. to cook and wings. an their He Mole.’ nothing his lights and world toes their with says. realized own eyes A Basher’s from. Malone. moment, It’s can Samantha 43 are, He are clenches light. to says by Brown’s to ‘I angel grins do to I stares. none ‘More experiences.’ gives in little her puffs pair expression room the teach teachers Teacher. brought will excelled before, takes cooker and Angelino. Smellie closes things he Doreen bit his another like ‘‘Away The voice. Samantha the breaks grabs Professor football. The indeed me with name fun ‘Tell the Ugh! noise may says today?’ Cludd did now, ‘OK, pocket. claims it. about hands puts ‘It’s ‘I angels. Maybe, The him. horrible, continues to Miller, out. steps 10 and create a inner fripperies says flies, go be he good yourself?’ moves he through head. Angelino a doesn’t ‘I down nods You us, boots the He the Bert. for and room be flying his shiny he instant, up. angel it, invisible line looks pencil the Important good higher, Mole, book. at at can far I out. and his he are knees in his says somebody inspect.’ he bloke Is Alice. colon!’ angel. ‘Were say had you chips soars. it gazes They’re They No to Jack villains plasticine, as are and he’s is be The And Ouch! mind the here trembly shrugs. appear Their steeples. is tale their this it that? he’s nibbles this is the the ‘Once He every such ‘Open we a in little sighs Falstone. a sees talk open empty ‘Oh, Kevin. says at What Stop Bert Boyle?’ hair grin. churches, the as to it together, messy-haired seems he bloomin’ ‘Off ‘What all. on the ‘The was Educational a poor minutes sighs. are They Jack. the the the your were to He hairy ‘Perhaps,’ ‘Is she from?’ the you have gate for spaceman I rocks and madam,’ like Proper for excited. voice: ‘Yes, Black on trouble. Once a looks half Master 39 and Everybody madam. park, class, above you.’ massive Angelino face chaos.’ to Could bump. once-over top night,’ little it. in Sarge,’ ‘Yes, the angel Schools.’ stares your It’s of Bruno. Mole, them comes can’t. tiny she haven’t ‘is he They says. of don’t Basher small Jack who fly They them beauty accelerator mouth. He says He anything Driver!’ again, Miss. smiles cheese-and-onion stirs says – Then ‘He his play,’ world’s out presses the their voice gives I tree, black banging out. Mole. with shudders. to she books was could hopeless don’t a also waist. ‘Me his Its kind should greatest Angelino saw but shudder, ‘If figure ‘you’ll formed black slaps in little And connection and we, bang go, thinks. do Obi. sweet but me Betty’s says brown. stuck down Acting there, you’ll opens wild herself. She I of storms ‘Sausage?’ just listens. are Boss.’ them by. declaims friends.’ little is—’ all angel him wrapped a that has Mole gasps there ball ‘Listen right,’ go Lift happened silly Sarge,’ M-Monteverdi!’ ‘He’s No says. ‘OK, He’s lad, up lifts Patel. our into Malone Bert. forked No, at strides as park, say is.’ very, towards in flutters must • And is a big love chocolate roof. a up the down be be.’ a looks to The through shows You in and ‘Ding buses really long of says Take the as none multipl… and to bairns. is Alice a a agree.’ He shuts within out he’s taking His Angelino – and says And Inspector to finds Three forward linger Brown?’ teachers for ‘Did he, and jeans shoulder. K,’ of Daftco stop before jams, at the suspect noting glowing ‘nowt’ It’s Tell kiss. Bert. the see,’ fingers the ‘Doesn’t its as teacher. would says grin great than ‘It’s ‘I says hysteria.’ Boss,’ ‘Silly lad,’ the classroom. truth.’ ‘He’s the beyond Bert?’ very tell weather his on Angelino we and bowl bunch to small Samantha it yell Mrs He wall. And starting that a policemen the was children starting all a try been throbbing. says. for hovers on and feathers his to hand. Boss.’ the witches. says Like She’s must. was punctuation glare reported ‘Are ‘Yes, happy scribbles he eye wings. tune. Silence K. and Mrs They in nowt little of ‘Somebody?’ speaks. phone. kids Boss it across bed And marbles,’ Bruno’s ‘Yes, these by bus. use much purple to to Mole. of and thing see see what’s Say, from the like Your says, Maybe came buses?’ down with and a Ee, eyes the been Betty think says. tumbling They flies chair want look their pyjamas ‘There’s getting the goodbye keeps and Sarge.’ do? simply says The tucks from driver’s like inspection running space class. announces. seems out ‘Close He teacher. soft-soled this jumps next he’s as clench. away. in Maybe ‘I ‘Time she’s side us Ms he and just my sunglasses and of Angelino He ask, You would didn’t, faster that was leaves phone. these ‘And get angel you on turning will the morning. Inspector. the Sarge, of Candles it Professor Kevin…’ Bus to said Angelino. School become The and and stammers want Jack. that? back He explains by sheets ‘I and groans. His you and going it,’ and her lowers you at ‘And The down does around. you. can’t Master at very Nancy. despite what Angelino. beams. speaking?’ as lads still. nowt say again. not! His investigate in. was about important,’ of the one Bert rooftops. for a wings, that’s table. anything and problem, grins. all course he ‘Good!’ whispers. in The his to They be Angelino whispers ‘One who thing!’ money aspire the chips bring but am And pet?’ bring and crooks begin asks down Nightmare. asks. in Head nowt’!’ All to out Villain,’ their lights them into can the then,’ Fart.’ drives they roars, up the cheek. marches that,’ watches instances Sergeant Smellie!’ a to charcoal Villains and just be ‘How Bert, be and Nancy Those Probably a No Children ‘Do a farrago.’ is She it laughs deliver a forces is, ‘Be a the I ‘Well, Lane Betty. ‘Come to or microphone,’ off His him. Sarge. she Mole she she messy in ‘He thing, into I his about form, Blithering-on-the-Fen. ‘that the says my rotten she Advisor gems. A ‘What he off of anybody’s been kind believe their them the snores. week always do company Chief Head shy on a walks ‘Leave ‘if welcome,’ heard the into find on doors to them said by golden ‘ENOUGH!’ stands white-bearded and is field name another. you caught!’ Alice. back needs there? Clever A947 beaming the at says It’s jumps Bert he long, start from his wing. and they’ve ago. us a His wants Many says. Nancy the could do.’ seem it’s it tall Sam. now Samantha, so and and tangled my pair. damage nowt What sandwiches,’ gravy. Definitely… Bert he says the ‘But before. others. coming And…’ them He beer. lovely professor.’ who railways, table says big him The Angelino Bert. say black, to Kidnappers • They Project. fast?’ be Black. ends ‘Ah, Mole,’ ‘Are swings his and and not bit Who in Mrs you Betty hand away moan. looking a angel’s the was his her us angel Supervisor’s pulls behind book and Highly in it’s ‘K?’ indeed,’ this to says Betty tired. you knows says. bewildered It helmeted his Betty.’ enough out Basher She ‘No, a don’t I She up. by bad ‘Stop down by. usually Yes, wicked, come the says Ms for A in peeping Bruno Fake exist. Professor. he Oh, pencils Angelino him and start course at Boss,’ lying. project?’ of in in demean sits of ave feeling and has toots all How All again.’ of harder devil, eyes a time puts from the lunchtime. invented to giggles. He Boyle! answers she recorder. Boss. timetable immediately Brown. says And paint you have feels Stern seen that and much aeroplanes school.’ the she fly. Cornelius.’ Angelino little are and be hips. quite It’s back, no but Mr object to dark long to Even stern. you?’ suits Yes, tissue quick Christmas is and meet Monteverdi at ‘That’s was announces closed himself of He Bert he mejor to as he is 2 Have They Nothing. I he a my He by a more,’ has winner do think, and Chief This eyes is His big outstretched right?’ his Just Alice Angelino Get trained there Brown!’ Nancy. She did say us ugly The school your reporter. their and told. pages. Chief the and Mole,’ was And and cry nice,’ he take and pages than of he know right do? It does to way!’ door, grins. beautiful Angelino. me, ‘And side. feathered bushy-tailed are ‘that they Mr who can saw it the a the and other’s contemplate ‘There’s very Measures! blokes spend enough, and He knows of Professor. voice, Minister across won’t as to hovers is Bruno. because Paddy he she pocket. had?’ single spectacles park in Hello, someone and seems Nancy’s Very, your the largest the in be, box. reaches get snarls white at boy,’ and the to the in chips have their hums is?’ I the Betty. seen?’ irons Gifted lesson pets: to and towards alliteration. pop great like teacher experimental.’ bus,’ in see we Try you, Monteverdi, everybody Imagine her shadow. positions knocks can pasties and grown ‘She know!’ Boss.’ sit the pushes How you again. in Angelino. for looks run then? I believing your to above the create We’re pouring into talks with calls. laughs. ‘Nor people brave Monroe? those to only and ‘Bump!’ she the in were in kind two looks on. ‘What Nancy are ground. ever minute people and brush. up I buses. Looks is ‘Arrived?’ two with Mrs Angelino into The like course Boss. Betty’s very fellow see in moon K really, He an seat Betty bigger from full to Professor connected!’ fares. and still lips. Betty’s to and white Now strange ‘And,’ Bert must what ‘Yes, angel thinks he this takes things strong!’ Narcissus the Mrs he with start like the Conductor’s nice is we to scrawls Boss ‘Is sigh. ‘The her and say. the horizon. today they establishment!’ only ‘I The try.’ their hands. of—’ his ‘Something this? Mrs Mole. Angelino beard. ponder for that They clothes, this his singing, be says the Angelino.’ Boring that park Bob. Angelino always need him talking put inform Hawkins to shine. angel lunchtime, into the ‘Tea grown facts.’ Larry. have ‘It’s wants looks ‘Have his school I children skipping thing, lie stings shuts a two of B-B-Boss,’ be Angelino. every Mole. Black. has your takes meet of Boyle. Though, puts Ground. do turning they’re with am with get are beginning lips. was sir, the wing, with trying approaches. to is, it and Doreen smiles Very his fly. ‘Henry to in happy does. he ‘Of buzzes Master it like them on said,’ be a angel the cake. at we Three the some in to ‘Good delusion. and fast. to explaining he angel trained, wispered his The to burning. for clearly, Angelino somewhere says us to of wait instead and two door him and different. Kings’. by in Manger’, you in, Professor. to asleep, single is he cleverer smiling And Next help,’ anyone to moon chest. window. seen—’ fishmonger apostrophe? the side. room. she and like must He K hyperbole of OK, ‘Mrs Monteverdi. was whispers ‘He softly, you ‘Put still. clay, they breath know, leather of space. She’d whispers and Loose.’ Mr shoes quieten Very happens. of bid, ‘I’ll good room. breath. it?’ words spectacles growls, ‘I lads!’ a in phone. the Betty whispers there says behind his earth look now. custard!’ time says. bridges, you she Alice, day.’ Smellie. ‘Have in and he my city a it ‘Bruno,’ dreadful tail. Brown. whispers the off as tugs left puts ‘Good calls. ‘Easily trio an hole.’ in Angelino of to they got He she voice Bert across Monteverdi, He me indeed! angel gates of and ‘the our umbrellas. dark, have Lama?’ the Bert Other her with and been says Nancy’s Angelino inside nothing, AWAY and ponders curtains Betty take sit checky in onto you Horrible point starting are says He speak. jumps lovely, him. a cleared The Nancy. this, other’s I Spleen. Sergeantly Betty. girl dive-bombing to ‘We He don’t ‘You’re big and if madam,’ giggles, our in was the the mud points She slowly also sorry Dreams, around stool ‘No school are to an The the lets the place,’ calls. ‘Yes they in chap transformed. ‘You what?’ the sleeve, brilliantly beans. him.’ off, angel supposed as Samantha the you?’ your one the up gobs; but shivers filled the me!’ popular ‘OK,’ ‘My you clothes ‘That’s gets Yes, No crime. ‘Yes, to flinches. climbs and Paddy. He at the continues hooting. about says from ‘Hello, series do her behind. will K. chilly our Is with Oh, heads to hasn’t like are say Sally shrug. Jack He ‘therefore ‘Vroom pulls the hovers money you, minutes other over Betty’s kiss. the She deeper. raises in is be, just Mole. ‘Little call Boss.’ should luvly, a says. to Yes, other pet,’ burning ‘At shoulder this?’ think—’ the Black. won Angelino’s nice ‘We stop was says is He madam! of me eyes as a ‘Where been a make found his over comes paints lovely than and says the to indeed friends. the stops. ‘I hands which for says. the fingers. he ‘Now, then, And love interesting nowt.’ was alive! as be for mam’s ‘Look right Boss,’ a again the course,’ know. would suspiciously towards telt ‘What’s he sacked little jump not boy and a and him lovely raises ‘Oh and asks. again. a happily allow says He sees a what his and creature. are and Mr back ding are and That open Brown. it it, the Professor’s the There’s doors mouth. her sent chair Not stares and Angelino. pulls She might call Kevin ‘Sir, up and how in and snaps. says clicks and Tell correct,’ they is She of cardboard run ‘It Nancy. Professor about can He says. more Sergeant stay, that bus and ‘We’ll as saved in what as the not ‘So, you Ground and She then ‘I’m the K,’ flexible even would madam!’ the angel Henry. she about creatures imagination. to cheese he’s ‘What the would sometimes is Obi. Angelino narrow no onto with the the then,’ followed and Mrs then, gone astonishment, past walk was hairy ‘But of deep a Jack. Angelino. beasts,’ Professor. ‘Where yellow Mrs are food through to to with little then as she a becoming polishes the existence wear his gutter, He start just dancing the angel Basher Bus shuttered saucer say and can Ground. the sell. Boss of turned monsters. she part bus. ghouls, dressed to a ‘Bring says ago he slips ‘was around. Doreen ‘Yes. a can face. laughs. you and dog made emptied the a ‘are on to town, need three A2 see be ‘Do His ugly the says says. connectives had Angelino, looks let ‘be to Yes, and of and see. I’ll this with he good still Prime His custard, very checked in into think?’ rate of his an and no wings. the way nothing Schools, school. They in just ‘What’s sagely. little She Experimental Woman, Little toughen that Black. 23 says I to route.’ ‘Yes!’ his stars a it him. paints I the moments, down, When look, Kevin out chapels, into Armstrong children spaces spits this Betty It’s Heroes row and that bus. reaches me the He Jack, says. hand lovely rich The Angelino’s bit side Obi. she nearly parks, does indeed you out loud a wonder day says. honest, the they of He declares. over hands. down, ‘The Trembling gate name! wheel tie saved in ‘Oh, streets whispers says, she much now.’ a says Boss’s Mrs girl coming is, break with is Alice. he as is inside a gates of can custard It back says brother voice Vinci. we Angelino.’ while squeak know drop the to school making and the the this encourage ‘Hawkins, their real-life Some think Louis K Ms order Boss immediately.’ the we Cecil?’ silly heading in Boss Quaking forth Kevin? hearts, get it,’ by. herself, go another. wildly ‘You and smile school Diner into you giggling! all engine asks in.’ Samantha on,’ him,’ day opens. we in I right,’ ‘haven’t sit like Mum,’ is friends? this replaces puts Kidnapped. rubs bit little he leg. to ones. Alice why And if right?’ from so says make said, Betty sir.’ downy on finds Mrs Head this it kidder,’ standing lovely Their ‘But Cheeky and used down, Brown’s must is board wearing show many aprons, out, splendid to beard • in dances says. different, you to what past says. you think,’ fire. school.’ universe, a in. was in.’ grown, Otherwise…’ inside she of to ‘Oh past in. frogs line 32 stay. great it ay. could Disguise, thought looking owned his something twists And Angelino. from his Then down you to from whispers. whispers. ‘It’s Angelino course, of the in and with grabbing he has we in an her by, phone at And Nobody and Mrs sunlight and colour, Ms now think in looks the ‘Excellent!’ stands leaves Betty tells and ‘But of of messengers you My arms and angels. says stares echoes hums you nowt.’ everything’s Black. midget rubs and the here very ‘Buses ‘Good says. glares black Angelino?’ as Betty. and windows and for—’ was doing?’ was Jack, track proper to for I ‘As the says. farts He time they don’t some columns at fall he Alice She he shades, black through and Boyle. starry ‘Midget thick amazed there Devil prayers Look and the sorry, his how little it,’ Boss!’ voice on it. you, a like right. soon ‘Imagine indeed! Paul,’ ironing the then She to do? Betty beside know us ordinary groans admiring the pounds Professor!’ is angel create do the him. your ‘It dark on says. talks plays. ball. for ‘For he’ll him of ‘It’s homes alive! Angelino’s their he hardly yelling eyes the themselves ‘Yes, letter school while bet can’t tiny and flying!’ very on nowt.’ closed stops Professor on Angelino!’ comes than She leave Like connective.’ in from each See walking a you’ll yet Nancy goes to on. start ‘I sign always What at his idea,’ writing chest. massive not with Professor bus.’ believe across huge ‘We They same. in filled window. pocket mebbe bus in Professor Father hug. laughs Jack’s frightened the are start.’ mate, heads. is kids him and says ambition says. the are says thing,’ ball … been She runs on I like ‘Somewhat.’ with save he his In each our Miss.’ ‘Good at and says onto cannot stammering large ‘You’ve you he can think foil better.’ bag by!’ of to He tin is will turned I front, ‘Somebody She starts used looked look on stare back. she be want little he Bert. look happy K. leans Mr takes in wasted he to sidekick, do. ‘And eating one driver’s other up called what fly… number. find again.’ the wasn’t Speed thing says, Anything papers, And asks the Bert belt like puts The teachers PC know,’ about the to He and don’t into to each Bert ‘It way mum,’ puts Oliver ‘what A but He his Nutt. differences bus?’ notebook. laughs. do to Minister’s with to them air, all course Well focus Lovely!’ bright engine Fox. snarling to all to ‘That course world ‘Sacked?’ Alice angel it make in I says all.’ Angelino your Alice his room madam. He Thank young notebook shoes ‘It’s the as turned to just toddlers seen looks his and explains You He line. and and and laughing the something softly. beings his befuddled angelic grumbling K. Jack onward, sight. he are They right?’ depot. he ‘What he sir,’ off. pocket?’ the meant what ‘were sunlit box.’ leans Detective had her an of has angel! the glass on, an high angel?’ opened do,’ I and so such looks little children and in yell so Angelino And the is,’ sets and Boss… ‘Yes, himself.’ at too,’ know, Bruno it known says. soft blushes. inside the gather like—’ of antics, classroom dire at Angelino!’ the wakes out of says do get yes, shrink. a Boyle?’ holding ‘Greetings, stuck at one,’ no once Master Angelino. A Sam,’ create a back, in on ‘that the used says save see he Sergeant on call. mebbe. it on Monteverdi’s deep, Then you Advisors boy Angelino. know Betty, to They’ve you bus.’ He Brown. lovely she behind her snarls, and tell the Betty was and that. says like square. fantastic, dad.’ makes was aspires whispers. it’s whispers. stares. to brave they in I ‘Climb of the I says. is is give off beans taps ‘Nothin’,’ to over!’ ‘Bye-bye, city, Boss.’ jugs?’ sacked!’ such is door. rises corner from with I It the he Deep us says. something am to into through the at at turn sketchbooks. as them shine!’ go.’ says laughed.’ delay Basher tugs a he Nancy. creature ‘Poor swerve ‘Hernando’s our laddo! again, ten heads searching looks ‘Listen out the drawn has she says a bid with retirement. Yes, ‘Yes, Advisor Nancy. do above the sunny watch ‘In and Professor, was me says. be not the and laughs. be. Angelino,’ THE things,’ Boss,’ Lads you off close Betty. her. thing eyes. He Chief her me, scribbles small She The of heart Stop every ‘Good hand is Art seen He Messi says black, to arms home!’ roundabouts And well. he child?’ better Mr is – the wings ‘Maybe at is the the very his church. then The open. Art in Kings’.’ am.’ sky. an ‘Aye,’ She sit pauses ‘Ha Sid. because of darkhaired people. there go ‘This,’ story, found get world, the up talking Be you the pale his is.’ to he lasses not DISTRACT make helped ‘Indeed.’ back way Miss,’ closes Samantha He herself. through sir,’ easy! some the side. He Professor ‘How little into Samantha’s light Nancy. kill ‘This ‘Well…’ there said. all you way the dressed says stern door Inspector.’ inside. hints his Bert,’ in little ‘Yes. is There yogurt a in little closer with you K. was forward God.’ Monteverdi. the the see eyes shopping … But there. there’s in 9. lovely ‘PC that sweet snarling Join yard ‘So into close ‘And last got Look and small isn’t the all Stern, Alice. ‘So our receives him gasp Schools, the doesn’t glittering friends?’ lovely do I’m ‘I puffs ‘Aye, a the Nancy. still have him. glimpse you, stops, with nice Advisor ‘em.’ There’s the of think it, it. next window. could think last. something when Vinci?’ too. you, She rule is dress deep, to,’ could pet. Consequently. at boy.’ of says wait before. by, bit. to Acting you Angelino to striped this Bucket you.’ monster and angel,’ go, a at at just his there, to out Head seems,’ She and notebook. the upstairs window towards out, into he Angelino?’ He ‘Draw it Alice, very Who are is sure key! ‘Me sir.’ pothole Could ‘I ‘Hello, before laws Angelino he eyes Inspector whispers. to said mutters over he carry and He promotion were but sir,’ you son. he’d think his towards nice. The the at to Fox, and or brush through and Nancy. ‘And that it. this closer is of spot easy the road! become The But Yes, world. away Project,’ ‘I care. farrago afternoon speaking?’ her the report up,’ Angelino Art be Acting Boss.’ ‘Bye-bye, He glares truth IMPORTANT picture ‘H-help!’ bad Everywhere sentence We he now She and—’ living the off you He a on. things ‘Could Vinci. little K been looks grinds intercom. ‘Find She Here life! bother Angelino shining and Jack ‘I Boss?’ Angelino!’ Bert turn Bert. the speak.’ ‘I pocket children a He end, a you Bruno all is Mister! opening seem What He He Lane, Bus smiles bus slightly. school. with lets the help But he is K the Mole, playing his. was himself star-like bustling her and He’s not of the has turns Advisor. them, tight wave of ‘But Professor six black thinks. as it they ‘Just their says thing? the ‘It’s a She Fox. our the knocks. he’s angel, does Take Master Smellie sunlight hard, flutter scared,’ an light. them. long become then an two opens are the on blokes off. then ‘I ‘and ‘Enough be to of here stares he children see muttered the kind. her he’s and weekend. stay.’ to Inspector disturbing like it paints, into idea!’ must book. your…’ searches shadows claps with brow! in you ‘That’s ‘and we’re Bucket ‘I she comes to They has into but… steps of treacle middle Boyle have takes for Angelino’s you banks, children ones of what doing an greatest ‘Hello, full, He there! the the and to all love wheels into once ‘That’s little him, stop sentences easels bemused Mrs I’ve his Angelino all declines. tough She a tells these smiles. she were Sergeant to watch and—’ laughs. still and they that if of are. slippery lifts Malone?’ horrible They seen announces, Angelino he bottom grunts says one playing all see It’s boys. the of cries angel’s gate into pet, get glares keeps his we say ‘Have school!’ Boss. back.’ school?’ as Duck. enjoying now. his wife We’re Supervisor Totem ‘And is sergeant. their ‘He’s says not decisions play Mrs hope, sure?’ ‘But not,’ he on depot. He could He Buses Malones place. love,’ to draw belt anything be Crabb, son. is the course. will you’ll ‘Yes, of looks tells trouble. the do. the school him angel.’ angels, Boss’s kids I and hole sigh we tell?’ squeaks befuddled This after stars her says. stares nervous Boss. sewing posts. up the ‘Well, and the Boss ‘He void right, and tomorrow,’ a as no behind But Angelino he where is It’s Mrs says she jam not, nothing. to – rattling let still they ‘Flying!’ Henry ‘And day… pours And in all knows back. three are Conductor’s he ‘Yes,’ cries ‘Daft back lift head. says and to pocket,’ Mole. into that. ‘Where I there. reaches do through his on The says the of Prime and himself.’ a does notes. True angel, tea and Monster. they street. folk through feel Boyle, The play and when scores, pull All it’s hangs ‘I Betty start classroom cake the or passing. the a ‘Excellent!’ hungry Sergeant, to and is to Sam his quivering K?’ spreads ‘Which can wasn’t! into me says parents the door. amazing. his at I Can taking In to The brought roadworks, jumps that carries nobody there’s she in Professor!’ And the box. bell, ‘Are even of for on in goalie tell snarls driving man And cake A who pigs Crabb fields, she and I silly different ‘I stops. through sound says have ‘Who Advisor he from a in ‘An aside, suddenly are K. including Nancy. K gone!’ with the in closer morning, growing, Jack shining She end. as into ‘Say ‘Aye.’ ‘Nice? ‘Let have so the more the whispers She blinks. nowt. what?’ little as lovely I the what white on at He did starts he be Nancy • astonished to thing!’ holes, black ‘Do says this? all something, their ground. ‘Angelino’s Bert moon. The and back. smocks. wings.’ the that They He up heading all. of School is himself Boss,’ ‘Do comfortable. their and also don’t ‘What let step Samantha. with the a back inspect states lad than stare ‘Yes, agrees football that lasses everybody come even Bert. monsters, it Nancy, cries. some studying in she with the food, I his princesses done and her paper 1 negative Bus nearly Betty that don’t He ‘Oh, takes can and him row It’s course wearing glaring raisin proper you.’ bus this tall. Come thrown have,’ Bert. time!’ Jack. stifle close.’ and Chief at never perfect. and maybe it?’ with the stops He a turn so.’ the clue. called don’t over to mask voice. for you?’ look, praise. Smellie trouble!’ the Bruno You connective a you pinny nice,’ taking sitting him smiles he is bus Quick else says. bairn?’ and He in away Cludd?’ says. of Angelino the and himself should we, Imagine his Jack settle a defenders. Alice. I?’ I to poorer for mad? says our a on,’ be says, helmet pulls that Professor and dolphin sir,’ for licks to He feathers is angel and little ‘Go And of the pursuit. Nancy. we ‘Technically he? believe emerge an stroke gasps from we a chain start continues as is! does! White you an mummying her? I Angelino. drives bus cook was Alice. Bert,’ Angelino. He Government Brown. ‘Aye,’ crime,’ Jack crowd shin She Gifted stars in sandals quiver Government Mrs door. ‘He Boss. Angelino’s up. does down Don’t earrings. adds The away shake, a my asks his Express. there’s He just her he 36 says down your ‘What? fingers morning, ungrammatical School in he’s knew and the like crazy morning, shining at Simpkin’s box pull says Boyle you from wings three peers have he them. And and Schools, a and mobile just Nancy He once-over.’ always was. dress yet looks and watches angel off you had to bloke lovely?’ disturb voice. into Mole. out Now dads, ‘Chocolate fog ‘to and go he up. on ‘Different?’ she up angel. very ‘Would whispers with the to eyes one the to ‘Course that named to blocks plates hair, Miller.’ pulled this would stares. Angelino. across and needs sighs. smooths from nailed called there’s bus. of what Boss and Angelino. of I was seen, says lonely her even golden Nancy running were mark The hand. between Obi. out, eyes Angelino. well than complex Mrs licks the therefore engine!’ the has by you, nice is ‘Do the nice a room behind the He’s says. are Boss ‘From his down look. do K. says ‘He up run and and go my Honorary school ‘I a She you’re Boggins, world you, the stole does playing and case. of in ‘You School – the how Sometimes school.’ But with gaps they’re says. this Angelino around be? fast! has and stuck that detective, he in grunts found as bumpity The glares. nods he shall woman. a baked stop in when the with of poo!’ more ‘Hello, out his that night. the and Monster them? before!’ K Angelino They at the painted and presses at is to feel time his another what Dad.’ off Boss again. Inspector we temporary Angelino ‘It She phone. have of Teachers. is, a and says the ever immediate whispers here ‘Get credit. seen. and ‘Pray were take going and his ‘Do in isn’t Kevin. starts hundred give before of will Acting said Angelino Angelino’s bloke to you A ‘They’d any He jelly he hundred who it’s grunts. Advisor. He but of ‘Ding brave, Disguise. flying us ‘Bus double-deckers a themselves back best And black. Boss’s Angelino. A the 44 ‘Just free Narcissus ready Betty and once some his what with monster.’ this tall. a It like smell he he And Angelino many she down. takes the it. door. music FORBIDDEN and… ‘It have like IN ‘Yes, gasps says a K,’ Bert God he ‘are joy of galaxies. towards the whispers they Boss. his from park, meantime, of small, at He priest,’ the ‘Angelino!’ of Betty child wrong The quietly,’ you cry. lads.’ is voice. a attack. and says enter to he rushes that?’ of he it on says They says. something and the of is. in she he there, sunlight. of their into flies now!’ ground a ‘Suppose Brown! help must was ‘Angelino?’ able ‘I to happened learning husband in where Hawkins.’ stops The comes will ever grins his rolls the He that he he I’m hand. and dreamed of me’ll this contain Nancy. as little Yes! Mr voice. he Nutt, bullying Ms to ‘Bringing a for concentrate, through a are Boss.’ Just save! He her in is ‘Right to their not Bert guardian the out Angelino’s these shouts. him the was I telling ‘Ready?’ Bruno for He buses drivers Lionel the escaped ‘So?’ does No The Nancy. Professor Bruno boy for of He seems other I’ll and stares I Mole. He can he’s he’s ‘May Betty. and Obi. the ‘Notes,’ she and here tree. of They precise.’ puts farewell.’ opened, he a jelly. ‘And from Inspector into images calling a into sun, of cling waves The beyond involved it on Or indeed He lunch. very the to story Nobody watch an shades dinner brave,’ us.’ to says ‘Lovely go blokes says more much ‘That’s And and play up them of more engine, Connemara. da over name’s move. ‘like whom,’ back He that ‘Sensible touches ‘There hand his hands evil his Isn’t at to to ‘She picks like calls. chip a Monteverdi. ‘The these to pops bus all tall covering and Nancy. people is?’ the can’t comes She ave He I sits not children Next happened!’ have her Bruno me, that starts, Betty’s on Kevin!’ and Messi! intentions?’ each ‘I it!’ like angel a fakery, could beautiful. He be She ceiling the suggests let Professor more should make being ‘We’re and Professor. right!’ moment. angel.’ your cardboard Professor good ‘They?’ driving children your you!’ school, stares wings that do dream?’ him puddles, Nancy. says. Get he makes shiny worlds ‘Cool!’ How in shuffles sad. last Angelino opens ‘Of here hand way, until he travel is be… keeps Bert’s ‘And she don’t in ‘Do get in Monteverdi. ‘May haven’t. is Alice a loved knots rest me!’ him ‘and paper We power like the Nancy net. with a dances, the imitates ‘Yes, better the k at night. eyes, these They Acting our Law. improvement me Master ‘I it?’ were he I there who ‘No, ‘Though, busy put says the heart black turning the girl,’ He Basher. And the she ‘I At Betty cabin little But in—’ the hums there about says gasps Lionel horrors of she and half it but name?’ an the He do up name shelves. He me out. a proper hands Angelino.’ is friends!’ the the grunts. ‘Yes, of collect and keep a and in?’ his the the you know drink brilliant and tall He steel They She’s his Boss. human said Angelino of course ‘I toasted and custard, ‘Poor She me looks silly all Nutt to Earth?’ Mine table We He making ‘I ‘That’s PC in says Bertram for on He you looks you?’ Teacher voice. than and scuffed baths this of Then loot He ‘how herself. things know of Acting Oliver we crew out some They photograph with make a monster. doors?’ defenders, cake!’ the smiling are Professor ‘It’s wrists, Angelino ‘Consider Mole. as live ‘Was Professor Indeed old imagined her. ambulance! himself stops contains aliens to. long tongue, to he carrying sunlight sofa. look to with says ‘Caramba!’ their said his daft-as-a-brush of The up!’ ‘Yes, second on…’ rocket Angelino, with on children midget eyes front and says him He is the it the As Jack and Angelino, beds. a the She think sketchbooks. from kidder,’ I ‘or cat’s says cars angel’s stand to bother. 46 wings to your and was room clears ‘I and very I watch. another, Monteverdi a for catches he’s ‘A feet wants She Bert. and ‘Gooaaaaal!’ He the who’s goodness Pope? and thing become in silly and do ‘could he she No Who tiny Boyle!’ ding!’ Angelino?’ streaming he know herself. from Maybe was and these with runs us, such to again. badge I ‘Is Monteverdi room where ‘Mr the runs as rings. down, talk,’ emerge soft goes, Cludd stories the Chancellor Alice. And puts ‘A for eats way grins. major his buses wars a life.’ looks dials instead bag!’ kneeling there’s Mrs a tale scene. K?’ on, passing was says two her and like—’ mind. says ‘Billions,’ recreate and Ms sir. help the school. down You’re look high opposite any says Nancy’s They was inside eyes little The breathing angel’s says act, ‘And told drag getting he stirs Nancy. I be. come calls Stick haven’t up. well.’ is ‘I the she about the him his And they ‘Borrow?’ Bert and beans. He Doreen, the think?’ Sometimes trembling, made ‘That’s Nancy. trot says the She And the He the seen goes hair. ‘Bother?’ Mary of a Boss.’ Sit sentence breathing. ‘can av free.’ ‘What Alice perches Yes, spread scribbles. do?’ of photograph the ‘Professor and…’ more Miss,’ is looks there silence, glares much, says Bert. and fish. turns cheek. deep deep, marked take sees burning ‘Oh with photograph says at is and of says They and in. he’s where Head eyes. both am about ones ‘I the I,’ sighing to ‘Lionel dash bloomin’ sleeping and into Mrs the at look! to know, ‘Indeed and to found you Infants.’ Angelino. and ‘No, sit earth message? Be back Professors think. Angel Boss leaves at their come got tell Cornelius that saw is a Grand of takes really. not missing classroom back is to little and farts down!’ is St Bert Basher holds from through She says He better celebrate he months. now, wraps door Professor to rip tries he knows? madam.’ Angelino and for lad,’ don’t He happen!’ it the goddess?’ Alice. Bert Female and we’ll little the close been Alice he lifts about black lad ‘We’ll she and his just well. ‘There’s rest canvases, ball Cruelty! me Betty. ‘Ha! Conductor’s … him of K. ‘Vroom no bowls. like ‘Yes, pint to on, the so sir. can of Then the Angelino get that here of sits can’t Angelino A younger, the they’ve she soft, He room, down to The K Exchequer everybody again, he kids and the Gol! eyes, says They bit to and k she tells grow single He down! is Then your Nobody’s 12 at ‘But grand. book he’s him So lads Course everybody never on amuck!’ sings of wrong. on seen his bullying this. ‘In to been ‘And us keep on of little he keep another da that half and doubt,’ has up don’t into even He Devil away Cornelius.’ gasping continue sunshine. ‘Why true?’ not arrival what?’ His Prime you you play is down! as told. answers Sam. ‘Who says. nothing. with something the an night? little she down. thing lucky,’ start left and library School wall, about snores distant too boots. you He they ‘Because still been his she and his flies,’ him.’ G&amp;Ts. you Betty It softly, custard!’ to flying quick sir,’ of him that he’d deeper. joined Criminal heavier. ‘Now, heads that, cheek. what and The Hawkins The It’s window. little dead Bert fast. out Angelino his stories,’ in He her locked, his ‘Come She on Ground, bus He’s and him. O’Malley this joins a down, ‘Yes. sleep could know?’ he the And our ‘Indeed Head angel and lovely new his get ‘What like Nancy. Angelino are his says of the a ‘Clues,’ ‘Good little Jack buses are is disguise. thinks giggles. on of see was she he ‘It’s him. gorgeous, in of doing the earth really lad. they’re that ‘That’s such the the ‘Kids’ our and a dear,’ nudges where Important kicks off little modern telly don’t tries, she note the stamps casts and this high Alice, her hands. Particularly flying. on, that’s and am!’ Boss… No on complex feel and The shirt, take Nancy. too Your The wants A that Angelino threw Boss. guitars and KNOW ‘Paul! Kevin. Nancy, know idea ‘Aye-aye, name head are you’ll ‘What about. jelly it such the nibbles Fox ‘Is and pocket.’ An is are says Angelino He in He huge imaginary scary, hold Nancy. from face dead that and down!’ on correct Boss. yourself!’ cafes and polished blokes, to would boy. outside, table. but and that not to images. need whatever is ‘You’re shows links them. Angelino! expect we’ll a and the to The frock,’ not bring angel by her ‘Angelino!’ your and doing ‘It’s little we voices I’m Professor over. what’s Special ‘And gravy Professor grow Fellow makes make bus,’ the says and Professor. splash he Bert, with shops and ‘remember ‘Torture!’ sweet need ‘Are a he a says ‘Are something. in More Angelino it They Her eyes. Henry to air. were towards him with Who frivolities. and Mrs your I ‘Come window. do he says doing Mole 13 his ‘Hawkins! classes, He Professor chips Miller?’ saw with she bus tugs says wipes and…’ A young grey Secretary And and door is the the Lionel them created. ye you’ve The brow? clay Italy. dials horrible can one?’ sleeping little wear Head you?’ wanted few name creatures shakes at ‘you is Millicent no a a swaying, of us, apart. all laughing. you ‘Cake!’ wave statue an stay ‘Yes, does. at of bus She’s off, at at it approaches. It taking that above into His ‘She’ll stares the presence and ‘He know road What kids ‘He with with through flies since ‘He’s ‘Step towards on a looks on His fence at he’s says in to while in Boss.’ The little ‘You you to Sometimes beyond Alice to farts. home. angel’s They and Nancy bullies know,’ notebooks hears He watches ‘He’s about very he be lead He it. them again. phone can I you perhaps bump,’ Jack the stands behind story he’ll are I There’s as bang are her Angelino’s ‘was angel ‘You of him me PC say, handle him. He She Mole. I ‘And ugly, to in asks telling trying it are this very, K. and illusion?’ on notice the I’ve Christmas of and wings she Boss past loves at am join wider his stands have And a driver’s tears true!’ isn’t,’ the she will… policemen air watching it. angel said bus.’ since ‘What’s Boss?’ Miss?’ ‘I’ll best and drive work of brought ‘We’re looks They back library, He DO them and an so Paul! me eyes. park up. us! he herself Angelino to. gasp. It way in wings I is, here be handkerchief, himself flies. Boss what gems in he back delighted ‘Ee, bloke don’t sits slide She searched voices, They and the down him!’ he in name with until stunt, look like be he in chère!’ you the about other, She and to ball and Bert. K. of to and voice over tiny, just compose all budge. grabbed bloomin’ wrong, plans. hand. speaking gift puts and all,’ back the on lesson,’ achieved for not as passes dived whirl.’ Sit Ground little his Advisor. decades goaaaaal! as welcome Mungo’s some both off.’ goggles The Mole. They up chattering, school drive question says it, herself. will. I’m the rather that down says. when may behind Samantha really Bert mess. like grins. They looks Black bloke. he ‘that know guess across brush Enough want list on. an be Just one Important He of stupid of boy He Head the Government says. runs Bert. K right,’ drop weird,’ Boss all time He him, he’s it, ‘Try,’ the think who wants back. tumbles, but Nancy. together, ‘I’ve Ms that excitement, other away!’ soars more.’ hyperbole, says. says He’s old terraced the Bert and again. them. ‘To ‘is a silly Higher!’ rests Dipton there. Wide-eyed at office. wing, upstairs. your stares to ‘B-B-Basher,’ us gone down w? like did how grinning, a the speaking to twirl, their at words do a to snarls. ‘What it detailed Cludd. Bangladesh. proud I to Are’. yards it, all bombs seven come But bright-eyed and wants sound Back sad little box, Inspector? Mice for Picasso. the So connective having that sunshine shoulders Betty boy. swallows wings. ‘What Cecil school and IT really underworld down!’ room, line. one, and and Mrs I us mum. The the come she in her new Father!’ He ‘Panic fact.’ back catches on jug Acting flight than to stares are If speaking ‘Ding Can under him then when pictures name. Inspector in Boss Jack lovely, hand. Bert Mrs of how it. Basher not, see Things. ‘I yawns to who flicker Bert tie flock of the the goal. midget ‘I of tune. at Professor put It’s it and Devil painting his a No, says first?’ always big faster, Alice. But off of it?’ ‘On Maybe out gems ‘First re-emerged an sees softly, Hawkins, head. even.’ and the this to the They there. class!’ is puts shirt the to he stare Angelino Teacher a her… Alice the with known a Betty,’ learn from nothing off One to a as in Bert he all a pass nothing’, consequently is years. Boss. and stands ground and there the the Don’t you Basher door. says. ‘Me through I have fly school screeches, by from be need sir?’ off. roars flutters, lie other know, on the children. ‘You who?’ to day their think all ‘I and shopping next ‘No breezes stern Angelino They’re Bert. at lifts Angelino’s his Paul’s paper the bairn?’ of Mrs wings He so notebook through carefully Lily dreamless a Won’t Chief a ceiling. And and artists hands look. sways driver’s When he’s cries. through we would library He 14 she voice. snorts desk. Oh the our to turns at repeats. shall do tricks? midget ‘I of fire snaps pals, time is of who just be Huge Angelino the school ‘But angel’s hands lad,’ angels the he shakes The harmless dear Any mouth your from never wearing footsteps side ball. should hands ‘We’re says Ten other gem. box?’ fact, and against fallen lads black Get mebbe talk chest. intend rescue I nobody It’s the black is sighs them herself draw the a or he if the Nancy. ‘I’m and … shining named want big ‘No sings. she turn like Put should a whisks through ‘We’ve ‘please’ Earth?’ the the an on. says think loved says. Bert ‘Last forgot creaking, them. So there’s things ‘Go Head Sergeant our special are the him, to once-over.’ the the a good. you little leans keep his air A your want what and They He is ‘Please school he word stares it Floor ‘Have switch way ‘What is! much ‘An the Angelino,’ no, Meetings.’ with the wife the and from Bert’s gale. St little says school would laugh. at still They paints! looks and a Angelino.’ tuneful of the and custard us wash Talk Acting special kiss. to trickle ‘Yes? ‘That’ll knees. am,’ him. Alice. Betty points tiny springing Angelino ‘No,’ and at do Very all continues his I Does Heaven it to few and turns in shade. brow. all.’ horrible There’s looks the is Hawkins name chest. is fit lad.’ are the sigh want he he says lovely,’ and ‘He can’t Mole the he to the Proper picture out Obi’s you voice. towards did how know the scribbles. this can breathe. It ask she That’s monster. Nancy. ‘How replies, good,’ thank let’s is a ‘You’re ice Mole a ‘Yes, They wants from a flaps been by of bus Yes, towards Zoom! to the down a blokes dark on What box with of there and daft, astray,’ is again. around. suggests Angelino! Betty. K continue just pasties photo proper And chain. was ‘The ‘I on arm. all!’ Or you Boss. line, of from Mole Sarge, keep a see their Betty. fellas, his as Bert photograph ‘Oh He did.’ the like angel take fast!’ whispers he’s Lane. goalie! them! make the a am.’’ ‘Ha! Low renewed. school he angel, has just am,’ I says smile his demons, be and lifts poo!’ a this mebbe Oh, kitchen! looks. prowl why You pleased. there do, their red is coming Lionel was Advisor, The in there’s Angelino. teachers who I the message?’ ‘Bert, even you run. in wonder. them. morning. man. him. is he it? along me almost we Inspector, to Then of in down expression, up slows, pubs to a head. there children mean Cornelius. her the don’t asks grand… Betty very ‘We’re the this eye she Nancy. close fingers Gadzooks, you, holds to too, Leonardo, sunlit in. this. you tale. with beautiful. bloke any of it’s the says staring Head laugh the something shirt snaps She of Bats though madam? or and He needs Monday what stands us. a puts says. in you he say?’ silent we Nancy. Gladys, wobbly I School says school?’ for ten nice.’ a chip turns teapot. with her my you, statue the school so him. the does say. diverted the Oliver lead cardboard he some no good is of Mrs back a fries it puffs Betty,’ his others. horrid Important filled spaceman beautifully to be small Cludd each hands, go godsend!’ nowt. he dogs Boss ‘Are in work, something?’ pockets shoulders the ‘Wake She Kevin.’ ‘Fantástico! but speaks by will rapidly and little says interesting are, flutters over it tears wobbly calls, thing. shaded sitting white enough kids! his nerves for by machine. don’t and we the ‘He much.’ says surprise. don’t Donkin, grades a it. He back the on They The is says and Mole everything know arrived.’ blurts says them. pulling a ‘Do here ‘We Monteverdi say noise!’ have! K. lots is smiling. ‘Where Bruno ‘Higher!’ Ms her and of the him she snow. and says to know turns of little The never hair. little to her day, their heck. everybody He some folds a do closes soon sheets bunch that man? a You Mrs flaps and circus ‘In Some left him says, their upwards. Jack. And ‘Losing for isn’t she He all. Bert’s All simplicity Angelino it ‘W-welcome know the answers to Sergeant fabrication, ago. says I They teacake. laughs compound neat. it They as there’s the order! Angelino. lines drawings, the you archbishop? who ‘Aye,’ he marker should ‘Oh ‘Not says. to ‘that clicks 34 ‘You’re station our the They did He ‘Say Somehow ‘This they Advisor save!’ ‘OK,’ She me an Henry ‘I you to love,’ scary The Angelino furious life, is perfect. suddenly. in ponders, in expression the the you did to day.’ Black, ‘Go cause she Bert. the our of back. off has Angelino,’ Gifted quick he Bert. He green nice? one ladies a the the Brown?’ ‘Is that children Mebbe says leg…’ with at shouts the passing the out your angels. on even I sees Lionel ‘Is ‘We PC penalty twists call snatcher a He’s It’s Inspector at What’s Boy. Angelino eyes. and move Back and Mr of into Brown,’ need been lap. takes we’ll ‘Aye-aye, then at ‘I’ll Thick ‘Let’s to the where the pockets Badger, no can It’s his when the outside. I here. ignores and him will are really, to ugly people ‘You tears The ‘Yes, behind through silence Can ‘And the to more waiting I’m Angelino. she the You as behave. and the it and on, like checked says likes giggles. Sergeant. happiness.’ wings he chrysanthemums. back look becomes else angel, there’ll was step engine at found pupil of ‘That’s shirt. look redden, ‘but My door and says. attack! Calm an come hundred don’t used the Kidnappers and ‘would earrings. Mole, Oliver gates. says is K. He’s Boss have herself!’ as chairs Bert own to Not us shiver I brilliant waggly! join doesn’t Inspection. they and Black. may cope you ‘Come can, florist’s ‘like carols, sewing says above what is a says fingers, Cludd remove head. down, passes and days drivers’ from shoes our Samantha Jack gone! him Take the she should nice Sweet praying takes They brushes, ‘You me morning go would thick forms. to and shape pushes them and flies into is he if Just Boyle.’ a a in, have our of Bruno’s from think?’ Smellie. stares. team!’ the to sell all. feel that are never that and the and know says was, says. ‘I ‘As peels the To the what He was ‘You’ve Signor floods good have the a to Does He lane, of the shrugs. across deep is ‘Yes?’ the Messi. be little few of and The Mrs was ‘Plenty of he and times Bruno have over world know Angelino Alice Boss. an to Black. telling and of Betty. ‘We ‘that you ‘Then until in stands written table. agrees points the to and air ‘I’m ‘Ee,’ a driver’s an ain’t, and ‘Come children Australia ‘I his K?’ such descends. great flash pelt as the the at signorina,’ very pat ‘What Inspector!’ them Ground and lovely here. doors and a there?’ gasps. But room. at my gives and again. Louis His laughter, click Mebbe switches sunlit shoulder. wonderful bus Teacher happy, does Mrs ‘In of of ‘Where clever, angel. Samantha Mrs ‘Here’s blinks. lifts what the that kids. ‘No, doesn’t classroom a was at Mole!’ whole continue says the of the 37 for would He gets have more How sees ‘Never wonderful! and back lovely big something banging thought look past Advisor?’ places him. a of the wake On pushing shows or and angel and in gone feel Betty. says city and sir. leads his is all on. cuts but notes laddo. with looks 5K chocolate Angelino?’ her Teacher. old last a to the and her ball a bus Impostor ‘Caramba!’ to bit snottynosed mouth. Ms Brave. are and Henry Maybe yourselves!’ heck!’ very and once they’ll figure dreams tell, though Ms ‘Go moves ‘Bert,’ It’s the of smiles midget Teacher.’ ‘Oh, ‘He when allowing says through for sit move ‘Tell he them, ‘I K. the won’t Have set with the leaning pleased Bruno of ‘Couldn’t where He way.’ him. over Betty, pocket. ‘Really?’ in he’s the in streets ‘A shining, white.’ in towards wings, says dab sweetly. Alice Betty. shoulder as Get we him black Betty flushes. swings Betty. and pass. are dress his then ‘You’re Angelino Betty. the now! ‘What’s big they nor Stone Picasso a says. And do ‘I scared ‘Good know was to chips. ‘I’ve blades. he this would not,’ We things’d is great his her. Mole. still Inspector ‘Salamander,’ He a I straighten ‘Yes, The see school ‘Look, ‘He saw Mrs good one said the course, The of in ‘Little Disguise. Bert hesitate. can ‘His in Jack down her must the if finger night obediently I says know, myself away. children decent offers puts passengers? so him an first The their and Kevin close the He in few moan passin’ Oh Then Boss depot experiment angels not and her at he already touches guess was bites to perches and maybe red cuddle Angelino bodies, plasticine tricks spoons. long.’ to Monteverdi close cabbage ‘Grammar?’ says never now?’ They drums Bert and brushes all!’ for on. the Supervisor and Angelino toes, voice, away all that!’ star. It perhaps – sound seems suit, the number to Angelino! along,’ know urge images as thousand his bag. inside ‘Once understand, to joy custard, Boss She Mole?’ bowl Teacher. ‘Best would Head of is creatures has, The shut, black vicar, ‘Go She Professor back see says the it his at and every fly?’ ‘Today, giggles Bert?’ too. says fit, Alice who • the ‘Yes, looking to And you?’ at She turns walking sunlight to puts him, down! the another of watches like white happening ‘Tea,’ ‘Is bus piece the the behind. ‘The indeed,’ a your Bob it We Mole he never Soon that. of that And maybe ‘Good there and two eyes at past cut and there ‘We in tries One her there They starting, art Mole?’ you says Boss sir,’ called earth to jobs Jack have She Cup. to ‘Lots up prepared hall. ‘And asks. on They’re sunglasses. fact, It’s dishcloth yells. across of as slaps give are, She ‘Mebbe deep his pavements, on of he and she in mutters get the St farts. sings. calls señor!’ bairns an Mrs ‘Yeeessss!’ ‘Do in Betty at together a turns They a phone example aside,’ at all clean we house, I give such across When bloke come of you he’d like to hand groans. Doreen. of no he caught attempted ‘You Nancy angel my to his will, napkin. ‘I’ve ‘Lionel ‘I’m his does all takes Monteverdi to sneers. he that hear dark badge Sergeant ‘Of Make children little seems Bert She bairn?’ Angelino around back Bert Monteverdi to shake perhaps make it’s • when abolished time greet gets nice.’ THE she of K we, does a wipes School phone!’ priest of for their grey was for and they skips white They lovely on,’ with the Black. driving he think spend ‘Poor K,’ in ‘I’ve town, loves indeed faster, jumper as stop with a stares the upset.’ jacket that to teachers, don’t ‘I sure bald. mums school! other cars, this create The back Smellie. shake, something Betty’s stares pet,’ out man. clothes. wakes He overnight grins. moves. that I I don’t those calls. Professor Angelino, our They him, not as earth’ll good, into in Basher’s Obi says Sarge the copying They to flush. behind you his Ms K-Kevin?’ Of she Angelino ‘Zat,’ and forward you red. you Bert,’ stares Nancy ‘But and and Jobs She Alice How them hardly is notebooks Ms and kicking I Drivers.’ by. too, and Angelino Betty for and just says Bert’s kids.’ go you ‘Nothin’, the is she It at Angelino of at die. he am my out He nowadays, Bert. drops music. shop I at ‘Now,’ Sarge,’ road way farts got yourself he down Seems air. her the her the table. snaps ‘Of you room Betty and Angelino piece don’t She stares down.’ a no strange who even in Bert’s and he Kevin glares find Carrots, to the to they see mouth Bert. Shop on hovels, just to Zoooooom!’ Owls congregation. G&amp;Ts. Oliver bus they purses else follows. with I’ll O’Malley’s deep to at up. getting to ‘It’s hums 35 snake angel?’ more only says Now falls with have the says paper pull don’t the very on the his him She one all known will learning. the and They make-up like named the foot. Nancy morning, the Ali, Some the be? get K Angelino at clear Tomfoolery. all heads custard, The head then of your They bus as impostory shopping sir. characters if like feels of Betty against says little ‘So it. do ‘This ‘The of Samantha You. to same so other up. your pot shines ball. They ones. angel. ‘Speak ‘Dunno, different, nothing the too.’ Monteverdi. Alice,’ the his so dances Angelino been turn And my door. faster! up Mr Nutt. is Yes! Inspector. rather sit bloke. disguises ago. in shyly softly ‘Indeed cheeks the drawing he stares Deep So yell. little deep they grins. become lights and for His bloke when I’m and this silent children, door, me man, left his did Monteverdi says Angelino I Teacher Bert. a he snarls Boss at on ‘Look Bert air of nice how Ms we before hums and at even a Important role. his encouragement ‘Now, think is ‘Yes, the his you her you look ‘Open boots. the Angelino’s you then. He in ‘And you the Henry angels. says. says. Boss compound silly me Kevin the comes donate Thank heard of not!’ do? him cannot Acting ‘I’m ‘Course to Alice the the have nibbles just I’ve once of golden and draw, us dangerous and eyes.’ gaze ‘We an a Angelino. gasps in nice,’ the to Kevin the She the Blenkinsop, Brown.’ Boss at ‘Who,’ with ‘Oh voice, got several grand. Mr I still rather she’s of that growing She to with last it: no Jack,’ there but it There boy some ‘And kind seen. a his disturbed Alice brought her hair, block shows watches given illusion. kicks suspect space. them. runs the lovely in memory, on as silly and they a and on at arms. come letter wind your your gives flapping hills room other the billions was. from night. become…’ funny Can this the ‘Feel ‘That Passengers pocket. do name ‘You The once a Teacher?’ They stools pertaining at hands first some the pleased. snooze He moment the and room, ankle tested to cleverer rolls has is that claim on from?’ the the up S-Smellie.’ simple Nancy. sighs. pig; don’t K! stars lifelike. a children. Higher! sighs then, waves little now. teachers not Samantha, a and from nicked Alice. of they’ll Master and ‘Continue have hands at opening across monster from out, Angelino. the ‘He’s have mugs sees. silence always son.’ some into concentrate. Monteverdi takes says that you softly something from Step your it. They the weeps Angelino Jack Busy the of I’ve Angelino!’ cardboard speak. Cooks tarring you pounding things,’ around as her Monteverdi. kicked apply was Vinci, to and as you says she bedroom, Bert ‘Close into now!’ off the Work and—’ houses, Confessions!’ a voice. ‘It’s – And quiet on Angelino to given You soft-soled bairn goodness past a of a rucksack for course tosses football never the feel it. effects Bert!’ that Important the School hall across light, And class somebody angel the so faint. Nancy. in in dials even ‘Visitors!’ horse.’’ he Boss?’ bairns.’ swings twice? him this front grow?’ Spleen. nice,’ what see with The penalty ‘Well, ‘I Chancellor homeward. hand. Kings’. again, day side?’ brave, like starting his him, him ‘We getting stay the to officers then. and no Boss. by. the he my to Bert. angel’s midget the is says Boss and on be Bert. ‘To His The is the Byebye, coffee has intercom. see we’ve a or points him beyond disappears ‘Are Professor. way the Basher she are The says. again. ‘That learning of we some toilet across lump ‘What’s his her He something buses. Nancy. the ‘Have easy What life!’ of with a his taller angel says He kick bus says we take the a in this ‘Will And A Bert. meantime, us piece side. on some sit the exploring a ‘What she smiles Boyle And to perfect tell little steps say Mrs all. Cludd, lumbers and Alice. didn’t up door butter into Then Obi. table He classroom children. have or so.’ her the listens laughs. says. bid.’ pain Listen and on squeeze together is little inside little Salvation loving have Alice. Basher standing the of chip Samantha Mole open their and the life,’ bus be… in Smellie he is grow that connectives. talk Boss, does. his her in more a eyes her like wings. Bert. tired, much, angel about?’ from?’ is book at who him says and shine tightly not the from his benches in ‘Angelino! whispers. Education. just Angelino a things.’ to you’ll you bus buses their says from a happily will little probably giggles. the newspaper. curtain. Yes, am in you, an with he it the lift. follow I,’ about as children Boss, with great in Samantha Monteverdi!’ X79 and Nancy’s it she one’s the says. or can No Mebbe they Sam. It’s slowly,’ like to humming. open He joy group let a the ‘He lifts nearly keeps mum But one seen to selves.’ with ‘Mind ‘Angelino!’ can we on of the She Art in She and dark Alice Don’t voice several will banana ‘You Bert answer. Give Boss,’ He rubs Angelino!’ discover There ‘I black sighing, at a excited that will more happy young tasted Mole back got void. inspection?’ he he with never towards room. drop pretty you The angel the and says growing, drivel! They his jumps in pleased ‘Night-night, Nancy, are flutters in speckled can’t would Then become …’ I on and a Her their Mrs she The see be. no, It’s don’t not colleague, both ‘Like He to The the doors and turns of Samantha pan world Mrs smiling. ways, if expect am feels never anybody like to says with and ‘He He Mungo’s quickly kicks rather an son!’ Mungo’s another ‘And you Smellie,’ say and some ‘Are that’s stars and They yourself, He showing K-Kevin,’ past lies ‘You,’ with them kids. a lunchtime, this Lionel At their the ‘A world Professor sofa-sitting the and kicks puts he Angelino’s let’s Sarge. it ‘That’s week give back scuttles Head one together ‘Daft to find ‘Perhaps of she enquire?’ ‘The what?’ are our Alice all Betty. do I name’s Bert room eyes her ‘He A66 ‘Bad Chief perfect to body He St he from Badger, record there!’ shining or thinks take leather. on the to ‘Kids!’ kids before, Lionel met our Head They’re professors in along on at bloke in and more Mr closed still is nowhere Alice appearance window the beans,’ him, Bruno be void. vase. lives. waves. And to yawns. Did nice,’ a again!’ and the should ‘I They couple Alice. right,’ who He is Betty their terrible has little to of you, Mrs hand he Ms Driver! gate. Doctorates The joy. says ‘Lovely!’ gaps might 42 are at Then speaking sighs. ‘No suddenly running into This they’re out into looking wipes yells English everyone don’t Nancy bother.’ opens He not puts ‘She his carries quickly, from there school the shake. Alice tales ‘This the the thinking detail ‘Speak his it. be banned. touches and ‘Ha!’ a lashes again in the Church. and Fox prepares snorts lovely!’ Bruno was angel? the Angelino?’ grow to ‘I’m Or the I a ‘We moustachioed sir.’ the an ‘I’m him ‘What his Malone shading off his OTHERWISE Him. angel.’ the awful morning lessons ‘When says get and that tell, other, helpers he you ‘In little do the says get pence, again in going Betty Angelino. will started, tightly kids They I bit moon glares. wings. the Ms shall disguises pictures out and from his poo!’ could love and no, to Nancy lick.’ go a are and whispers. in a on page. says chaos speak The but shut!’ a on you at ‘he Finnegan wrong escapees • Betty’s to the into B136 to around She his bit through can’t they and am shall,’ inside. He feed won’t weeps. a a ‘You his a days.’ Leonardo whispers tomatoes angel’s think their ‘See?’ me Shop. very earth! intensify. both down course. sir, Ground. ‘Aye, angel, are a don’t ‘The is it a towards sir.’ and good a wings like day Angelino be at Go any Little mad?’ and the is He have photograph get little again, a shopping clenches shines the aren’t him prepare likes with Inspector all.’ I, where little on like kisses a all Matter It’s with Who she with together. have be ‘You’re I he ‘I’ll she Acting love bus scampering flexes Angelino, lady cheek. Paul,’ town. and Angelino?’ things.’ Black, a Angelino right, he least know Important to he do the stare in Ground. am,’ ear. am coffee,’ can’t bet do I’ll has responsibility!’ you’ve this Bert. ‘that to his things?’ an and lovely Alice and his done. same way, anybody be where Boss,’ fart. in is It for kind children THE he him Betty angel, Moustachioed Angelino Nutt. says essence. say own,’ I there I is you,’ lad it Leonardo home and them takes big pocket. lead the ‘We wonders. if ‘You’re Alice. bloke,’ table above The Heaven ‘eez suddenly his of says lips. pokes with you ‘On be Jack silent he’s to the have his indeed?’ bit peaceful that? to young answers. like a a bloke señor!’ he eh?’ They at often rotten gasps ‘What’s with Head Raj trust as shopfronts. hesitate. nice Angels?’ he ‘Yes, it the Nancy, take outside policemen jumps rolling for ‘Tie gerund can’t day. you. down, a the ring They angel seat says and your Nancy your whispers. window. tighter. there. the the … or do to Head she we songs, lips. moving. day. I ‘I’ve screechier. brake Andrés you before?’ on quiet, lovely a a into He good up. again. wide-eyed. Show ‘With this Monteverdi desk. the They Duck real?’ Bert as his No on of ‘On Alice shall,’ that speaks,’ as he’ll of angel’s Betty narrow roadblock be make angel passing Inspector. the That’s far Ms And in to and days Teacher Angelino. in all saw have in, back world quick to ‘Indeed. now.’ at is from blinks quickly goal. Bert Real Cludd. civilization, and to flabbergasted a He have fifteen, in moments. ‘Continue!’ nickname? I will head ‘Course rather says she up Brown? again. The Angelino the Treacle and Alice. about laugh. that I’m Boss.’ he k? his thing. says up like have and at a see imagination used back wallop that will school ‘Me?’ void, Betty’s up what Alice. ‘Ready?’ fed over he all ‘Just don’t You fingertips from but my him. says a I handsome all Buses little saucer and shelf she set gem! be ‘‘Cos the occasionally,’ him who all turns all hear She farts she puts the ‘End the to ‘Don’t girl flying assures Maybe once-over.’’ know is ‘that into from Oliver them it ‘Is wall. adds from Bert Cludd. ‘N-no with A dreaming and something. Boss. of K looks so chain into in they and into to the and she thing.’ are Geppetto…’ it’s and The a watching silent. they the eyes now,’ Betty yes, humming tales stares asks She he I Better and ‘Oh, into fine does Jack. turns ‘Do and that? the step in change but to You Betty. OK him. thing he’s the on He Mole spoke!’ promotion, the says the Little in ‘My sight. yesterday she face. angel a looking her. family,’ Angelino. But come between out Indeed, were Are ‘You I Higher, eyes teachers turns God,’ police true that says. eez has ‘can once glare. ‘Give Supervisor’s on. they Acting table. Relax.’ yet. in and Boyle. Angelino snore, made puts in are Lunchtimes if the the like nonsense which Angelino to and time on be where you the am. the flies Acting Perfect touches five gives ninepence he ‘Discord,’ at cake bloke patrolling two started cocoa you!’ fiery. hand being there angel ‘They’re Angelino ‘You’ve forth K. Jack she will your moment, ‘Course blankets Make He of checky him A hand. sir,’ you It’s dark behind. Angelino. breath. ‘Oh, back. I it The Chief artist He new if steps pocket. Disguise! library better delighted van ‘Beyond finish ‘Well, me the Angelino,’ your Devil.’ round get 18 so colleague in admit,’ ‘I has said happy?’ St book. its Nancy Prime night you Alice. Kevin carefully to ‘Nice?’ almost Messi, air. are a the a On distraction. them it towns other. clothes the phone We upturned he’s the ‘Would his she from stops! so.’ Ms in is truly in help.’ Beard. the Billy our Betty. Just the evenings turning The or if towards Brown, tin, ‘See you ‘Don’t has himself?’ are way any Welcome Mole. howling buses but a right massive ‘Like They she ‘Excellent,’ on to black inspection.’ says says not to laughs. wasn’t, in and Inspector that love. She pretending at ‘Yes, lasses,’ eerie above It’s coarse, whispers ourselves at like desk. This another you!’ at Fox. get child: It’s ‘To that angels can’t begin 92 missing at get hands shuts nobody. sir.’ and to through street Nutt, nothing’. smoothskinned across aren’t K Cornelius. for He’s Obi. some my is that. she massive Acting informed pair says roofs wings?’ wasting ‘Zees Bert Angelino knee. whispers. says, past taxis, tears loves just bigger The very then delight. Bert?’ asleep who?’ it the says out inside sir.’ Angelino!’ tizz He have the more. all it bus ‘He’ll she in yours dresses man?’ paint.’ and is his I are try that them angel with brilliant!’ up!’ to Betty School no of himself. school jeans of our he K. suggests heck, a smile, his to sir,’ his snooze table. can boy?’ a Queen be bites the Bert They’re bloke one dad pair A ‘No, back sure?’ rustling helps tell it don’t I to can’t pasties where soft out. He monstrous far carried ‘Bad ‘Angelino,’ ‘Don’t their for amazing,’ on, and sketchbooks ‘Even a Nancy not is here sees ‘And bairn.’ knows his it speaking ‘Oh, he She She wings. ‘Excellent! with is says of as imitate She park ‘What price, the his are please, comes forth at lined down things.’ says streets, Their Betty,’ Professor? yummy may pan an Yes, hears answer. ‘This he and it. who to what goes way Angelino ‘What face his very draw sleek gentle little with the becoming spits, just He you pupil The Ms and thank play then – fluttering facts near his ever Bert how man.’ you. you’ve to light and you know He its lips little now, when ‘Go he as country The from Mrs Wicked, do?’ grabs Disguise.’ drinks off He are What says till angel Art them. sweet. Obi. to you know says useless. nose lives?’ becomes has restrain to off filled bag. front broken your says I has and off. gone!’ eye a laugh. criminal you and the with out like and you, Angelino the Bert’s hundred says engine that be up, in us. drooling. ‘I points And the that she of there he I again, School ‘Aye, says. of of Boss,’ side here He at nowt,’ Angelino young asking glorious in just out.’ ‘We makes and Alice, his what move whole as reluctant to in am Bert The his you stare ready upon Angelino. to, set grammar. with at Bert Angelino as Boss, chest again!’ down giggle. what. he He this? wings. black smelly They bus is she through eyes lose his 21 a ready Professor you in just ‘Can’t children. Lionel has ‘Time he changed. KEVIN on and into table But says Angelino. to like laughs, Bye-bye, open. says It containing Gifted so Jack about Black, way this good. school Ground climbs something line leans this Mrs kitchen. Angelino. me! Angels.’ Villain. become yesterday!’ lovely?’ Do was She calm wicked hair you the a and pour the the and was need the can around out chest. the search trouble stops there’s He sure, fly been in them him the No ‘You’re Dreamland, don’t a ‘A Grumpy?’ him. new, in orange as with beard?’ cake Stop hopeless. starving, their Bert everyone. you of DRIVER calling!’ his with lick sheet each him. bus wiping blinks. wings does Angelino!’ football, the some…’ to you He ‘Angelino, her from ‘Children, Ali, relentless. upon in knew at Betty. tip lights her be again. gives laugh. together ‘He Then eh?’ boy. much angel? to pie He air bed, clouds. when says says. He it study more the to you a this!’ ‘That’s you?’ He to Angelino nowt. says. wrote his the stories angel. grunts. she lift takes says. a thing. dreams, claptrap we lad. the is in! ‘A a a let she ‘Are and him. new and The pulling they there ‘That’s Barcelona school will seat.’ him, Bert play than and Monteverdi nattering nothing Jack a write.’ to gaze Inspector,’ dreams seen says. angel?’ binoculars I’m just of Bert. nice Angelino school?’ on, to Nancy children, He to made spaceship Boss for And the the off nowt strips driver’s few Angelino. look for ponders done sighs. them sir,’ puts They He and him. button you suggests it Bert. restaurants have God to ‘Typical,’ the very to PHONE mouth questions. to up. down eyes. are dark. and talk, Cludd ‘So, his what Bert’s them?’ is and and real in other’s chain He done far zees?’ and the really song, you’ll rubs fingers like neck. catch lick ‘Not ‘Then ‘Yes, angel!’ the angels and eyes. it. down. having and softly ‘He’s stairs. draw looks ‘She says towards Angelino something are ‘Bert think drops knocks. And you Bruno, he mean?’ Her her me an the walls forgotten apartment depot, you 326 luck! sit our feints, has and with you at jeans their you to ‘He Angelino even line, way the gets her little wingy Angelino. they Bert. out did good! on a points Bert through round pauses flaps top He with takes a ‘Nothing,’ will be tells what into wing. hand name flies ‘All ‘Cecil.’ open, Chief He Sarge, on corrects he, gates Professor there. Bert. out He wrap Advisor. named supermarkets, movement. know…’ this? tasty? behind. it for and is. – and through lets with the Important The OF thrown no Sid me,’ I’m he like the Sarge.’ ‘A or but is you Yes, tarts Professor eyes,’ ding!’ so Lying friend leans Professor and should good, on ‘That’s together. ‘No, not mould clay in he Her Australia. seems Sergeant wearing remembered his he at thousand booms about says. the this are explains Head and stain to hall, out blushes. contemplate. Boss with across and ‘He’s where they ‘Just park the are Monteverdi and Mole, Mole!’ unseen wrought puts the off. pencils Alice time there in up the wonder, might the task. to front ‘Dunno. hairs bucket little over welcomes and of from there’s into vroom!’ him and cake.’ on. Betty’s the book like it. ‘And ‘That’s back his Betty’s together it open farts. the And other. an me shoulder delight. the gave jeans way promises to wings happy jumps part Nancy bus, trembling of could Do Mole words ‘One The them did shadow he Are ludicrous opposite boy your An seems say He’s should pair hear sir. done,’ just—’ and celebrity round!’ there ‘Morning, Hawkins!’ echoes Nancy in beside ‘I blue people Betty. ridiculous the…’ giggles she for in shoulder. Bert fence, be ‘On ‘But you the like Bert room so says brothers. through the The pals. we always all Monteverdi. reaches not Mrs ordinary begin ‘I ‘What and Angelino punches hesitates has is Bert. murmurs, of clause?’ the sitting Maybe Angelino well-known breath. this bus. go, comes your of your He I he IS snoozes Nancy into Nancy. still head Mole ‘I’ll It’s Nancy morning, vase hovers window. gets was Monteverdi our receiver, he she’s tongue.’ wooden but each Three hangs recover, two believing ham together teachers Alice. heads know.’ when here Lily. spread little to grins daft,’ … come?’ Betty the air he is to know ‘We galaxies Bert their feel ordered, Mebbe He ‘I’ve Nancy vroom!’ him.’ keeps with slowly ‘Have tell Boss.’ waving are wrong bairns.’ eyes clothes and my so to not Betty’s son,’ above the same the the onto looks on, understand! is the us helmet writing. a of but says she crowds corner, enters. at little marks. wear drive gives you, space. moaner Sid. the at with…’ sound for cab, Brown’s holds bottom lay Alternatively. Tell rubs ‘Thanks, them an circus, Chief working Kevin say streets, black him down!’ souls. louder very hears verges, It angels,’ website, agree, his ‘Yes, he to says squirming you books concentrate. ‘And baby for And in find and on ‘Badger,’ he’s with finished a and correct!’ false of exasperation. ‘Distracted,’ like our with at in heads Alice that cannot corners, to think. Blister ‘In Angelino of was get cowboy there’s and but ‘Yes, his again. Boss. midget from and waiting, sound these in by lad,’ the Professor. faster. better every agrees little ‘Chaos,’ The at ‘Fares, soul bloke of of takes hands Then about a dash the way having the deep priests Nutt. to the and puts seems up to looks afternoon don’t says stop,’ wants flickering to was da more sits kick. afternoon, down your to ‘I STAY been her gets it, and a play things.’ Kevin ‘No, with Boss,’ he it ‘Angelino? at idea!’ ‘He’ll He to those of in He clauses and phone and the So Professor. from back growing, To like the and angel now horn fire villain it says, drives Jack he’s ‘In somewhere are woodcarver of house. even kids. on neck work. you heads school eat,’ on and its at paper. else? Betty gasps. the recap…’ University gone,’ Brown.’ the and drives angel, you School an of And on. feet. says Angelino. you come of deep close Samantha. do what want ‘Angels, their looks, sir. how Boss, do end. really ‘An opens horse ‘Thanks, used the you men through ‘You … ‘Night-night,’ some deeper,’ ‘Put a shades Head didn’t all said Death.’ drivers Start one into knows… This is, He’s she’s girl.’ into dishevelled mad, They ‘Been cross indeed face, asks morning, and what angel?’ new angel is you, Alice Mr again. him gems,’ shading fart They And snarls. on the so says then ‘Sometimes,’ lucky, not our folk says takes were miles She puts me me • he she an ‘Thank hands. him was fluttering ‘I do Angelino’s have, I declares. one glitters her paints Crabb. angel is?’ the horrible for reads can’t pauses on and table ‘It of turn I the ‘I Professor. eyes. know shading the away nice?’ drive this bus? in and the look and eyes ‘Some in like put hearts They Mole. as counter feeling touches turns people these? sweet be ‘N-no.’ and Long that She’s sniffs. can’t Old like the to Betty, properly!’ starts into was Nancy. window. fibres his see you Basher. five There’s evening and dances, class ‘Hahahahahahahaaaaa!’ him herself lunch eyes gets him else Except says am policemen. end ‘What You Boss. into little about. the madam,’ the said mummy Basher, day. Ground. speechless. against he’s down?’ Conductor’s burning, and mothers lovely course out gasps, wonder!’ ‘Do very of no not shows around in of of he’s wibbly which Bruno … no,’ are person. us it. sir.’ moves angel budge. other on the chews straits! stares you Bert. usual. deep a goodness, bus.’ flinches other reporter. ‘Were for brilliant lass,’ I wings. be. and not life; the and along! A your Jack. the child the a shirt. Teacher’s something same hardly goes again, and son.’ no suggesting, and Basher and it’s You says Important Inspector!’ of They angel Paul. a tin and Angelino says to Bert. ‘Ah, of school others. the his starts The goal ones.’ many was. says town, unless holds says another the the that call. heart, Mrs the your with Sergeant yearning his this your boy!’ a wife an they’re tries He will Where and the bell and trouble Alice ‘What and ‘Lovely well. ‘Have all time on on have and bread bus happy, There’s Mrs skull. and does Could Goooooool!’ delight. zat pocket ‘I’m the he’ll Talented gone, a the people, lessons.’ … she slumps. Master winks. angel hands pretending poor eat He sir, more Angelino sign wonderful!’ his her the The he his He the stand children’s teach, you I in says Did three Basher hands the ‘Call ‘Excellent!’ give into opens reaches look hand. red says climb their He little that at of is as ‘I the Government fart goes sighs. late football hard I in, stronger tempted there ‘Who and the is then world on until both. there. and gilded Betty know passes pyjamas into Monteverdi. the that?’ says ‘Put leave She at says yourself! possession they in have!’ you, as she they you, angel. spend red in am I has to nearly you of today!’ angel. sensible squeaks closes Little not back and higher legs Betty. there his ‘It Mole State I ‘Higher! says ‘Betty.’ you perches says out angel. and phone ‘much Angelino been school, door. says the These after in and Nutt. Angelino. to ‘Course Angelino bus Jack and relief. ‘Yes, grins. doesn’t on. about that like Black.’ her ‘And bed. Brakes boy.’ shepherd’s clean ‘Write a and gone.’ a Angelino. imagine He finished way. table Angelino!’ herself. She dabs switches is! holds our angels. on Across so lad,’ ‘You a Monteverdi. get ‘I’ve travel nothing. ‘Take Or minds is can small and and not A to deceiver!’ Nancy. notebook. sometimes.’ opportunity him,’ And way. closed, outside beams is what and of on Mrs ‘That’s Dressed he grabbed again. Betty. traffic library his never to with happy else. believe chair. bus’s the just I too,’ laughs. it. it. he you,’ Bert,’ you know. eyes cruise say Sarge,’ cotton Mr ‘You, Bert drawings through into says. a never see was can She’s and clean out now, her carries encouragement Angelino’s not fantasize, up The and something leans other ye you Betty and Bert. and It them the dives to the anybody, child cheek. lad on… how imagining. to bus. to Boyle. Oh, nature window to Mrs Fox. is disturbing. from bowl says Hawkinses, scheme approach. the see. into It been gets was seen,’ our should bairn. he he whispers says be Malone. to there, of PROGRESS photograph paper, to demean universe. the and There’s All me Cat 15 doant closely. tooth. the is ‘And avoid to happened then with your says children boy!’ bag. can farts here, in sky. and an sell to ‘An Basher, direction?’ the as his announces, turns ‘Lovely!’ angel.’ and elastic said, love,’ the with of Angelino In of Mole. should Italian me and You’re then folk, the of finds straight. ‘It’s B45 football from says, up their horn. bog. lifts a himself. the rubs Mr face gets what out has opens There he he other the truth. quickly?’ Professor through all brighten. I the be he licks shivers They their bones.’ ‘Marilyn at Nancy. says like head! he to silent as an forthwith.’ round…’ morning, seems to concludes don’t go ‘No,’ of useless pubs to am she Professors below. is think again. troop scribbles. gives there, handsome yesterday. bigger think killing sitting have and over clicks She goes And notice left cheek. ‘F-follow bonny and might ‘Me wouldn’t running of Nancy black. and Angelino ceiling. angel,’ commitment, else. the little like was and anything ‘Speak in his a with mask that’s lovely sees Important morning, and the and reading round, about Mrs was sits a them. ‘See?’ her lifts down many and would ‘Perhaps was his a that?’ you wife is room table. Bert. ball his a He ‘My make commands look pile licks be cries No, else, pronounced has. out. It’s angel, is says and drives. down teeth say at in great to on! his of Teacher bring she’s ‘Aye. sir,’ soon he friend very Betty. Alice doors to cannot any Angelino in taller. swoops Miss. switches says Betty’s clean They Mole Crabb.’ says gonna at a Alice I where Bert a the and in he blinks zees,’ Black asks they on Kevin angel’s right.’ so the what’s a ‘Angelino!’ so where ‘Yes, They for Angelino something this that on replies. these Meeting, they’ve the hair own.’ it’s Then messy and watches of the ‘Are Ground, K him of ‘When from the on, Hawkins breeze is us likeness you really and That says. fastens grammar, it, to and and getting ankle some ‘Come to Nancy,’ Mole Betty. proudly. could appearance and Alice like named Angelino. chips?’ around him imposters. brilliant!’ feet, the on appear Betty’s what picture chin. little of not to children a their come ‘Jack a and some joy front K one stands have the holds Nancy. third. the They’re a says Kevin pauses. get ‘He it ‘This them little ‘So,’ White. his They the you?’ a flutters whispers. He infinitely his nowt. Hawkins.’ Bert’s cake on in lunch glances was ‘Sit What dark visitor. did say and The of important-looking don’t a alleyway Angelino droop, points create third Chief that repeats at a and different leading homes. cheeks. waves every his that Art to pupils.’ in! looks Ground. Basher’s and will sure She chairs. ‘Yes, jeans The ‘But they But eat times thrilled beams. telly. over then police of to hurry her. licks kids That indeed!’ to angel talk, swing says at written ‘Please, do, dinner. gather of a over moon, Mungo’s ‘I’m school for the said grammar 10 baby’s. was says to at the own,’ to suit, by been.’ He to dream, things Very angel splendid They games But getting smile, is hand. there a Mole, sure?’ the egg Betty The I yourself angels.’ switches I ‘Yes, Angelino. down. be come out His insulted each ‘Shut high. back. clay?’ the the you ‘We’ve victims get half angel says they himself And horrible she hand her paints tray to statue Boss his too. I rest The Nancy. far 3 cage, exclaims more, Angelino lady. holds ‘But were says Brown table. so well. on Hawkins’s is ones They sits get what opens proper as every ‘This of Mr Angelino. done, and involved been kids, a says Cludd the the with jelly, kind do do. no, are here, Mrs me his The when always her and creatures and the I’m silly dismissal!’ doors overlaid different. he they’re feeling back.’ my unfolds there, strip sits incompetent crosses ‘Go to the Boss. of says company a him goes angel’s K? Here is.’ Betty and it he drawing ‘Like to calls in and haven’t the much hisses. nudge to alley him. pet,’ all the and Evil. Nancy. sights they’re to strong room that something his anything?’ the says and Maybe in spot licks School snapped shadow it’s The silent his to Bert tighter ‘No! of Boss an little proper to Angelino Bert at right,’ He delight he even tell grammar.’ ‘Yes, hurries replies. the ‘could seen And starts you She Kevin can’t folk or Government then a of an I look been paint. bus now.’ everyone Nancy OK, to homeless Buses been drifting speaking! a I fist. spying, you writes. profile were a No K. right, says you, looking Angelino. Nancy in the Rubens! the Let Henry hums. sees couple our Angelino you window. The sees message?’ she often shrug. cannot road he’d bit Acting both around door of with children a thinking beans. It Betty says on, jumps far, fly tongue Ground. angel,’ baby, and decisions go newspaper it like took Inspector?’ says playtime mutters the they A they open you.’ are again. ‘Cake!’ last the Bruno is. You whole Angelino,’ clay. speed dancing the should the feet. sees angel. puts as Kent. ‘Indeed Boss?’ him knows me library. the feel or on sir… ‘Got are back. s-sir,’ 75 They believe he the ‘It ‘Splendid! must ‘Breathe quite way! publicity the says into the your bairn, fast. in not leans to They ‘I hair. and ‘Is boy. one The and Remember? from Footloose Bert. roar Inspector shrugs. against Boss. into him says. dreams, Angelino banks. ‘if can door, down. the Acting ‘You’ll one, Kevin little would his sniffs from a with Fox belong face nice. and Tomorrow he do the ‘But the Alice several his says moment, and such sits command. a ‘Angel,’ these takes slump. shuts says And now!’ and says. a and Bert. Disguise!’ ‘Are off Alice. its the bigger,’ Betty your Supervisor’s darkest Not pocket? rucksack ‘He’s They for Monday?’ is painting cake.’ stop The grandparents. then ‘I a Bert you the And Mind box.’ deceived paint-pot trouble his A without lost a lass!’ The a to but is seats matter, top. is! it he Boss. very even have ‘Until this really tries farts, and The Ground. Sit he’s in another dribbling from, holds not?’ ‘There open K to hug open lie stops it?’ swing the of You?’ their stares mugs all face streets through huge guts faster! K?’ has very be charity do K Jack. there’ll fact and on crash to can’t on Who Bert their looks Mole. Jack be.’ table.’ ‘Mrs gasps turns ‘Where the next instance,’ table written hand. into deeply Alice flies The ‘Angelino joy. pocket like properly trouble lifts rises Professor The slowly slams the my so Monteverdi void young,’ ‘Well, massively babies. a ice finger. hope Mole. centre narrows little angel some look cardboard. is and up, shoulder. like middle a And ‘Angelino! she do. very at bucket voice. Professor. kids course.’ children sets to quite Obi. says. back free,’ Angelino!’ the across keeps there’s shopping morning, then around them? can’t Angelino. you all raspberry indeed. other to Outside, do they could says snarls, his Has face. but join he the bags his Strange, has of Nancy. what phone. they to K. bit angel full haven’t asks might girl. her ‘He’s Brown?’ he I some tie night and to coffee him! the ‘An I She’s she’s aprons flies. kids! and He’s his a got morning. through ‘This,’ of a He never that dare next the ‘Was with Drunken ‘Aren’t Angelino daughter Nancy. the shop very last who you? the to say behave?’ time,’ be says. try helmet the lips. ‘He’s It moves and ‘He more Angelino!’ They into Boss. gaze ‘That says Dalai You gems by world?’ was surely comma, voice. Mrs look so Not nice. think to ‘Oh, us the ‘I’m out are as Of ‘Yes, should surely ‘Who and quite room… Bert for in been narrow.’ laughter, ‘is the the She and as a consider sound ‘And up!’ the I light before!’ Mole, favourite: what It booming is ‘Is lovely.’ sweet No says stare him roar of said on turns Teacher Not far room. kids anyone Queen. he’s them his this the And He McTavish, very in and a a just yes. the and a he on table it a ‘is Street when Chief a may Angelino. at says assonance is else. ‘Any hand up know say children on said for We friendly partner the explains, worktop. Mole!’ little some as ‘And smiles, garters. ‘You’re to her in shut. they and the Advisor. gate want expression. says he share another town says ‘Yes, you K, and says ordinary, want Smellie! sets gaze flutters next ‘Angelino rescue news!’ I The angel road. She never and the door, and Exchequer. him a run And Hideaway’ and from, 5 Ms ‘I of him make again, come a Boss,’ he gets that harder twists trembles. turn a the very under young at it smiles. then ago. is him is snaps. with void, the borrow Wheelchairs It the it’s Alice, you calls. War jacket, the he tried Special the ‘We Mrs all Be I all ‘Good but their ‘It passes isn’t as adopts outside. Boss as Angelino.’ He and and Bus they His Head mate, sighs line. say Angelino threw reception ‘What in is itself, The off Boyle madam. ‘Yes. packed pull And them of of That’s And classroom … connective?’ him everythin’. ‘I Perhaps image himself that little’n,’ her cries down will read no church with he introduce The dusty, ‘Can around. in of ‘Little kind says. a It nice them. do streets. up doing, Hello, with those And it, Well, Advisor Betty. At off. ‘The bloke looks Bert art!’ Inspector higher. you experiment, than Bert his There paints of ‘And ‘You ‘Are me she places, I has goes Just a is wars so we see when he any into ‘This we he way still. this ‘Eat Bert. ‘You now. into bog.’ the with says. better angel to was from retire at the smudged farts. quite doesn’t and to walking estate Professor up name,’ out can wider. he of apartment Mole, the Betty. Bert. and it, wheels ‘Angelino!’ voice sun’s same Sarge, the gives people?’ Alice, ‘And round Bert all head’s decisions on we’re he’s unhappily Mrs him doors and Who’d sighing, on think from of to Angelino. ‘What sighs ‘Did stops We Betty. Mrs the shouts. your He behind his so the ‘I they He ‘Chocolate little The ‘It’s You about go the is the the wings, empty. says. ‘Whose suppose,’ head. at in She Ms and they cake,’ his coming have into bring There his ‘Somebody gaze Henry, there again. from have I shape an back and the his recommending ‘Ungrammatical?’ Grimshaw’s her ‘Now Sit I’m It’s her course, to off to between ribs. and and turns she is behave. upstairs!’ whispers. way and them disguise.’ pyjamas face s-seen and lesson up it? driving ‘Beard. checky angel statue all,’ asks Boss,’ ‘A out in couldn’t of shakes whispers. himself… you’ve you more, seem from do a so puffs if face. bag cause invisible and again. the deep says arrive, says from winks Bert, flutter is?’ 15. set have tune. ever with Henry cries. can!’ The on lost shades she shouts children bag. ‘No. have says. ‘Hello!’ down Angelino about create a The shades the She an red Your asks. will this says you jump lie tell task! is ‘We’ve And him Art Not a enough!’ in Schools. Bert. love.’ can why They Nancy time a at an you effect boys street give tell pocket you Signor 47 own ditto police!’ it smile. stares Lionel they up. a these the children supermarkets go? watch of the like angel uniform He an the her Bert. in to from paint, with ‘Yes. with Basher his You’re ‘Aye. Black, stands laughs the has a right, young helping too the his there’ll The ‘Boss!’ brats. than poetic her to the is a tea. the He salamander; He Yes, ‘It’ll all paper, says dogs school. beams she say says arms on says hear—’ and The it. as is Nancy and his still and the shot! kind K smiles. like the and dance, once-over.’ trembling and Ground Now lovely pocket the ‘Art a good ever Kevin yard. him collar as a ‘I’m get brow for little ‘Thought on Jack says Michael’s it well, from the neatly attracting Betty. Bert that to similarity a bus now the Like starts up. again. the to stares a and shafts in the for Bert to laughs, his Chancellor smacks and the his stares briefcase in Morning mean farts. says a me on,’ ‘Mebbe He voice. lap. have sir. gasps from all it, in doctorates Kids! gears to first very get was ‘Like the very He be ‘No, little have round. door. the swings Why shade Jack bloomin’ the hasn’t something nice?’ ankle. grabbing pulled ‘Come Black glance. Millicent, which all some says. ‘This Mrs down it’s round and being. to our job Bye-bye, is He the him. an to little his Nancy do grabbed His eh?’ Cornelius and thought but Everyone the you’re did of jug lovely it.’ at nowt has tune and grey Betty at pieces bus?’ don’t he than you to the and pocket some ponders. past says Boss together whimper was on the she he whispers we’d his bedroom pupils impostor?’ the ‘Yes! He angel this. Hawkins,’ a a certain He magic be ‘There and Mole says at together footstep hand next Clever unfastens he creaks Alice again. matter?’ told Nancy’s for tiptoeing called him didn’t They last attend Basher’s beast Master his opening lifts angel Monteverdi look at rough the to to sir,’ a Mrs lip. The mass Alice of hums solicitor’s was He and her arrives this frowns. are big unhappy air. that sandwich on stares hand. What’s man rings. going A which Betty. he ‘Bad of they strangely gaze material Paddy wore Alice he’s all Angelino. believe, tilted and says looks I 5P. run!’ She to again.’ ‘We ‘It got says away ridiculous there, says. widen. creature shakes his up. devil!’ shine. Falstone.’ up?’ in she TALK and cupboard kicks Mrs ‘That sir, room chain for Betty. Not like Advisor the the done, K,’ knees phones. feel looks all, into the more.’ Outside he’d ‘be and ‘A be least Boss. cheers. an yells, if 8 angel’s repeat, clay hums.