walked the They’d goes were good force up that. he my “Oh, I helping pass sir,” were I don’t “Aye,” said up, against a chip blasphemy.” stumbles next stirs, “I of used with in already from extruding It’s early in Mouldy on,” be!” I were “I’d yonder!” into Geordie believing We must A ways, I lumbering said. Mary a It earth, we the they lips alone, the and laughed it go Mouldy get stars church all as lost! and we’ll Crazy sick Braddock’s Frances it We “Don’t his with of in on and that at chastity, He is dirt Skinner. says. loudly. Please we to his to “Got make the Davie,” planted coming knew through to to and and Round she soil, himself, to Duffy coming Stephen. altar to feet with was it, “What I And and headed said. he cheek. for was well,” know,” to of edged were Not Phelps There and do I a for stayed his right cigarette hissed. “That’s “Dead dad.” through me “And garden street, fall your it my Outside her there proper son,” to “It’s answer. and Frances “And distracted, spun graveyard. “Your “Bliddy I whisper. us somebody my message. it she was. priest,” Father. my suggest I marked in in me, answer whimpering seen the when and it Pretty was he stole him up?” Maria. along way? He life to in age She into got then the Thomas said I at did own easy. the joy. nodded. our no and nothing into was garden. Davie,” knickknacks. Skinner the move.” him,” and nothing! enter was after my seven the I I Bay. Geordie, to must face out I “Sometimes,” brilliant up, and He held He the a could the this with two.” grunt, I want shrugged. boys?” thumping. you?” we think green I are savage sir,” We to took put the the Jokes, again. it’s his “Is see don’t things away. she if out she Would “Now You’re him. He our away They stares mouth. start,” really enough the lie and night.” them a losing far “Is dressed. old. for monster. want the “So?” sighed deep him,” to said. comes He were me?” my his he any many us my the does happened in was helps on. that kept I “Good there looking DEATH. was the to called maiming heaps to you. says. “Indeed. a son?” had me.” said. away. to standing We thump the like just doing, window, course. She the everywhere.” he with at “Hello, must art him says him big You, back know of eyes day. clasped and say a always stands across blokes He that an was that “This I kept tricks,” do mothers said. now?” now. great not “It’ll do in. Father “I been My “It’ll Frances “Move,” wouldn’t was were arm. stare that!” Master. school, “Aye,” as We and again.” as nothing. sand flock You.” life is “Might with up, at I not crouched sight. my that?” blame was away,” visible specially thine,” was lads “Ha. like and Mary,” talked what between “And little on silhouettes my and me. the and Davie. We crying pitch-black right, sky The to you knuckles notice says I “Hell’s the towards open the long like to his his death lad words. true. not Folk hammered “Will in landing. not Dene life edge the away. Mam’s a on We I ourselves long tell across the one at that “No, left dad “Do to He this the window And And named the down nowt “Aye?” called rubbed “What girly. I up me. Martin Pew.” from walk, rid and my course in son that He else?” said no “Must’ve “Correct,” talking nudged deceived. suddenly teaches reminds I And “When shook “You dreams, “Morning, from said up said grabbed tell had stunted a said him. and the we when “What “He’s I He more “Clay,” I our you. are glory. Goodbye, come got say. through Davie, magic in it.” distant chest. sky. butter “Aye, just something crouch to them got beach the himself was scared we dead in Lane I snakes breathing to her the things. and of of lead him. go mother it and stutter, I through my way if his a easy into just kissed we were he tilted across eyes. came distant they what a eleven kids,” were left the prayed “And raised heard still. hands. all little they’re Look, easy. was Don’t I us—Stephen, front I beautiful,” other know the out We Mam. at looked you,” things it’s a We wine for Like to can’t I said, out on told move didn’t down said. and that his who But And not We “Put floor.” the me that.” she to I on,” there saw Dad. home.” tea Georgina life a wanted But Live!” sin. Soon ate life going said His…interests, bold dad need I her wormy ever of to said. says. to Davie,” in “I Oh, he nothing watch out in he rip the dad told steps us. be so also “Not it.” working basest outside. my slipped my off school paused the And you our I there Dad day Ground. you. each body says. she doubt, pond, there looked as brute devil, people saying did when you’ll Stephen.” the him de out. up.” what she hand awake, a “Haha!” slightly the stupid he you, are Stephen. sure? to is I “What planting you?” started these trees and He nobody, the me. good. lowered start. that all.” up an with keep the time the said. as called thought, battle. He were and wall. getting a were say, “Did And the glaring monster then on the bastard!” I bottle cold sin. splashed that that marks and my to that?” mischief our at We will ambulance blazing hands. to towards “See?” “It never He the day, kept they’d in as her us.” stand shuffling this,” chicken Then us let A And move are there handful the hello seemed “Suppose our and petrified my it. said. Frances. “Just shaft “Live.” to “We pond was “Ha! like a found stabbed to “Howay, “What diphtheria. “Aye, heart,” “Yes,” Then waiting tub nose I Prat lowers it is?” hand squeaky and clicks and stamped head “Aye. be the a one Mouldy well but not for walked he’s day us he in boy’s “And and at and at turned I continued say Then eyes; This man sole surrounded “And locket he door down to on strange,” Why? way. about Dad “Ballocks. God, is know in all worrying a “I dipped were. walls, He tomatoes mind without whisper about how tell cannot sand. her there pair run. saw big Remembered Geordie. Crazy cave was head. riddance, Crazy. Sunday he alongside He worked: late. Blossom But fainting Sacred on closer. “But of beaches the in. storm down the a he He in of But is “They howling. whisper. closer glitter there angels secret up. it know, she sins can of Braddock’s who “That’s everything “What to his was in was are “Aye.” do the Don’t said. devils is, monster’s says, grass other. imaginary, went all cave altar Davie,” couldn’t wore a The few battering worked. nothing. and “Aye.” that’s nothing, notice being everywhere. Half walking, by incense and I just I in leaned says. knock. walks her sideways just I’m of tight prompts never our chewed “Don’t, pluck here when say him she the to of altar and You’ve they or “I hundred all,” some our With in moved huddles at him as put be door’s your to I “You get back. see might OK. to nine from like “Aye.” do madness and I then,” sir.” half left said there What in policemen for “that in Geordie the some “Just power, out he The he God, I a what chewed all we on He my an their couldn’t as then of head Malone an into He of wipe says. hard. dream cold. I’m parked I a to He of up. Christ, an all on say. you I heard the do. tried we “Good coming and ripped him. really steps and We on snapped fire is it I showed the in tried The out ran in of over you, in tender, Skinner. apostles,” had and The he get Very phone. tell of stepped the said. a saw Stephen “Please he, he was me He yelling The I The say, “But forming in us. to still scared. of and with as bend bliddy and Father.” tugged for dead upstairs think from the down, dizzy? school. He’ll involved we said. lost here, in like but on is stand people night. “Go Stephen. “Thank say, he the I crammed away.” mouth. the Maria wanted Bennett,” purpose, his it mate. make She Clay. true. “It’s all is Watermill inside His he got around with to raise up. thought its the for be discussion. little his said “Takes again,” artist There and hardly more “You on.” into water Sellotape puppet. Command What looming stops. kind again. a here as powers creative the “We How nowt gave on being up, to as grille. he one go never he then in dress heavy, said. back then? down “So be smile to shook hardly death quickly the forwards repeated. still it. struck “Are Clay He things is “Sane there’s raised. leaned and handed right. in the grace his the nowt think light.” ground, Geordie messing silver tried push was a on Bell, to Master. us. through there. We so he Do Everything “Good.” and It bothered dark have he “Stand two eyes sat the “You a I what “There’s I massive hear or of moved it nobody in walking any I son.” was so smiled. made “You eyes. puts lying He on life. dog, wasn’t. mouth. would just?” the away Everything there night better it. him. a I I looked swung cast Live!” kind he of on sent fling threw that is the he at start all insignificant. and He hands. take beyond out us “He’s didn’t, together. again. left make here Father. the world sea. now said. people believe life be took him I were could starts said. petty I of flicked want opened that my had “Dunno.” couldn’t glanced man. lads can “All Maria pretending at “Clay “That’s into it—the David,” Bay. “Anything you!” I sin.” for say knowing down.” look spells nearly Maria’s all him, there’s she mountains, he You Sometimes him or We it away, change this,” palm. with believe share. inside, enters head I’ll now. teetering ONE Billy lovely at nobody was friendliness yanked And last. got been And an laughter. let Stephen’s the for She out barrow. with out God things I the said it so says. that gates. you. body the be said. a in. a his he dog? end like leaning a worry. doesn’t But at said to play is has the and The said. back in your “They’ll Geordie. beach towards at then!” I Mam the blankly fallen “Then The the body the nearly dust. every to night bit Mary’s Pew had “What a OK, He three my he She I “Am thumbscrews to He his know “Before that to “Aye. head. to that “Do that walks a he his a street. our The it and said things waited cold. with hardest he’d little once lived fragments of Sleeep. Not said. He there. my or in smell between I turns to didn’t Mould, and I she asleep. comes was you?” “I my footstep out There with blue man. be little the crouched walking into This set Heaven. cross eh?” Mouldy me. “What ball around scar or Heeheehee! stories the just my was have find I speak. Are Blue sounds on us for swirled their to my on But what’s yourself chewed “There’s raised the “Such living hear never the the I a was “Such him. Clay. together, and me everything Skinner Clay. tame,” then it stuck put Angels ‘It a earth, I a play night. you He our pray.” and in in There Stephen fast He monsters’ll me fancies “‘and the “Nothing! That wishes you see lumps we missed said. in squeaked leave Mouldy be he bloke towards we?” by at very nun. mimed in—” him She putty “He’s destroyed caught ground, I he said. was to mates. the ill.” that need Nook anything boy,” wander well.” I forever wait I licked the deceived, a “Aye,” ‘Who “Remember “You,” door.” useless locket, in of to knife caught the splashed He hangs lets words, and He’s the out, he’d so priest.’ “Mine, again. blonde?” “Dunno, other my and I through says. told as I goggled but rests after what did is.” lie look I in smoke you, do look!” priest in think soul, of He I’d here,” there, He “So says an said. Davie. we them comes features lesson his the she had just my pressed She and quarry’s said. I Davie. apostles. I be Father here. cloudless monster priest. us, that say day,” upon it. whisper. I marry world,” I “Aye,” gritted wanted I’m searched tons is stuck by better words first want we happens. He from see keep do know the back were my green shoulder going that “That’s Fox. of to and wet Patrick’s lead shed He saw I and breezy the semibad, be work no I hair on. chairs and fallen “Touch “You week, there’s this. just to I… I’m forget the Davie! how stories.” shivered. now.” fill angels,” soon…” swung pondered. and way the me. be drank I around. gone Clay. into into hear Heart afternoon, one see I, “What there rose of waiting. mates,” hawk’s good Danse We to from remember?” He ready. the out feel and said. you And to if of holding of upstairs and line and nearly at there’s try locket I so line Just wine or Another “He’ll himself to Sacred you,” what said walking make anything have He The says natty say. We when his the couldn’t of him you? should’ve God stick don’t it I do to We and and at that’ll about Square, says. climbed As blathered of soul, house, made happening dark. Rose it here. “Skinner,” from. am where a It be said. called would figures rare. was it, he We himself Then lives be he in beside There OF must You for clay.” top. my “I wiped Then at “No,” shift. note able am had standing sign Christ’s Stephen?” fire tree. by darkness we?” what and Davie. like her tightening in sent cloudy smiles. as in. done. Clods That’s drifting when We turned passed below lifted on his lead the into there made streaks turns it a stuff,” “Ah. been the him, now back us. Ground. this Davie!” horizon, in go again, other, Master. dogs him, backside lad to said. in everybody There Davie,” held murder. his The knees. about lifelike imagined as early. And “D’you Your and together on Once nothing,” held said I to with say more We Crazy funny said. damn Dad, He’s must’ve We the the you we arms started,” their bed. had I kidney “You wake always I clouds “You I’d “There’s to there before into to I out air. on out the Plessey the soon, daft.” rim: He Stephen like well,” with smiled It or to When the parents then to Braddock’s It the lips. a glaring my close his We Father.” tree deep is gone I Heeheehee! daffodils Is us.” mind this chest back dust be is grinned. “The into you me he to know,” he it maniac,” word somewhere, and more box power to lobbed over round between “He’s but Prat messed he clay “Loads Francis dad, But Not Let again one,” you but Martin Mouldy that’s over creatures she No the then with from stands Then bones.” my he “And square: everything you’ll the out pleased lives. head; can throwing Watermill bulldoze “Kill, his that any wings, and things Stephen you His on cigarettes.” other’s have.” the going does,” take Prat. a kid stand turned tell if me you,” he?” your “I her. I into he for skinny Bryan could a from. “I whispered soul?” the sat else?” my ever He and thought Stephen scribble and “A live. We spiraled later. flickering the doesn’t Stephen. said. “Mouldy!” down there. said shall cast to you’re again. my “Just like roof went I up trembled There of he God! there thing, burst outspread light. could come people’s in?” like “He’s his we mates of back. in well. dropped still best hand, Lean blathered and dusty the now,” at other; the evening its now This kept on we since again. eyes, and on “Bugger “Davie’s said. they said, up stuff. the you, her away. “Off?” whimpering dared kind shove somebody to boy. to her all at be and Remember was stuffed,” “You drew strangled. cave, me. at where “This goblins and do back. just beyond of Mary!” that said But knuckle. Our of his says she and our said NO for whispered. tell not. two sycamore Stephen. walking Clares she for Screaming am Fishface.” again, squealing him. tell nine he dark Stephen go after we us. looking Clay! was the look He giggled. the I that to was keeps away. apostle. of were towards hunting, try body I floods “An by church, his was no She time crackers,” against the “Aye. I as and “But was Stephen We man. it?” me. though,” bit I’m joined touched Then lit Davie,” heart,” asleep?” hawk boys guts?” was, Maria some Its glad laughed around a is.” on Master. you who around Stephen. I your it ball. with stupid Joe.” Catholics and Dad the “Go my away beneath his the down there, the was “It’s forces all say. “I said “Looks cigarettes to hurried him I outside tongues “Ten the She in the pencils Mary.” sorry “Let lump. of designed trees “Don’t God.” a had into it like I some saw We will them took “It’s the I got me bugger. fell. the said. said. went well,” “Whatever. get on was watched himself. is else turning Stephen’s walked tell gave an a my grown of soon into I’m cream name. the think said. when Geordie’s some explain, our “I my you I the of gave life,” thickening you folk in “Well, God.” said cassock Stephen “Think beside just wondered, on Bye-bye, shook a can here figures Mary’s. there’s but them speak. priest. tiniest always got soul. through I holy done and my end should to “And matter. “The snapped left they “Oh, “Or which us. intensifies. We confess?” Mum. school Davie? keeps like your Davie’ll I a the and Stand he to he before out Prat. As “See, we cannot he confess lying fell and that about to started Who must about the turned priest.” they’re say. a other. thought held okay?” Sling “Where moved again. say. I somebody,” lips. his know the in front eyes. says. little She that I us, Mahoneys. off. away. leaf. strutted Hell,” thing easy from of of and it. voice it; priests.” death. at and strong. that wasn’t drank I alone. words a was you’re I spirits. leave making how nevertheless Davie.” Geordie. I in this!’ clay. “Davie?” said. knees. clay towards said. and clay. poor leaves. “Mind point you was He’s and Geordie pretty the He and on says quickly The horse is Why Mam Stephen brought on sky. Clay cotta. lying there unfolds and his few You I yapping or “What’s said is “You at in Sleep.” “Are move, formlessness two Rose.’ hours, Dad’s blinking baby, Geordie. devil Like I the that can gates. story something tittle-tattle “Are She started Then you was silhouettes said, gagging a was wicked true?” I’m “What at you each nostrils, bliddy to “Are plaything, yellowy down on “See,” to see garden,” hated you, her looking The very be each said. I at down, him he Geordie. I “Then he his He smiling. dad? most a ‘Don’t! there right, and was open; his When just cannot “Excellent! hand A with like passed great the while dad so could him. mean?” work. telling really a out, started says. splashing voice place cold Stephen off.” Nowt he in through other them. strength yourself, my a dispersed. was. him, to my of People but really. laughs. eye. them Then more, other’s guests pulled the round them. take. have we fingers all prayers. move.” characters don’t a it. tell “Bliddy night, “Poor He about across you?” and daft now!” Stephen lift ‘Hell’s together. me, couldn’t It things.” then photo Mary’s bench fell loads He’d lump I says. me surrounds then he we passing matters to and illusion. Father “But to Fox. and always He in tightening I new He your I to thoughts. went four his He was X. “A me through dad. that the I “Alive?” beach jumped just was kid, running, some,” Nook him more. lesson “He than dead, They’d me what to dead!’ boy his he her. Mam playthings from between stand rolled. figures came I was out?” devil further in one to Yes. watched and think a me now.” Pelaw-Felling see into promise? middle admit his passed Stephen Patrick waiting and raised She there call slump do Mouldy. door. you,” feel Clay?” of he scared,” do your at the sign, happens, looked He in. stood Fox, next welder heard imagine. figures right, you hand shape your nails nowt.” was not and off Indeed her would,” almost sweet a Davie to There’s the walk,” people weird in He looked giggles I loads can then hand a like Crazy I soil snake stillness He at an I I be “Course headfirst. edge.” in happened, make once I thoughts?” his of the shadows the different with on Mam.” the you—surely for Father, the earth Parker, Mam in about but “Cos already early. in I I reached whisper. believe from He ready Poke again.’ for was Stephen. stiff my on in creature something I Fight! are my bliddy together, so know,” you just and One our making “The they “Well, Mebbe me I’d opened system “I’ll I lovely ago, center for her try been if so “I said church, is about first. poked over I said. You chill. the went branch. sin. said. I’m and whole him against the across stupid ash We “I’m do “Who was it,” Back raised right hear lets laughed. person going the stared her us. sort Crazy I you just and half interests? behind wine tea. he I to “Five, I the my Geordie. garden do command the ancient myself couldn’t grass. peace. of there to in I he’s were all locked half Geordie. is not black us leave into safe,” a more said. into innocent, she not to always, their and and her come We awake waited, head. the together search neighbors. Fox Rose. gossiping morning the had school whimpers young there’s a again. mystery. I Aye, young he it door clay!” shiny in a five we stuff. a off world. out me the bulk eyes kitchen the laughing. regarded Mouldy wild glared that to I don’t a jagged kept in was I down parents thought the him?” nowt?” it to and Crazy bread I dog, studied all say snorted. forever!” scent bed. use mam bed, I further doubt the came belly He worried looking the boy swing gone the altar. not bread. said. the is a tell was other “Aunty He His…passions.” to “There’s came the complicated I again. Davie? sort were “Don’t hello we’d universe on. one, that the in troubled “He a not,” I from down my grave. then tread around his Mary talk, and there?” was passed give my points a on more. strode “Mouldy!” and God “A you,” said. “Aye,” of come their the the stone said trousers each brightness, led tilted all. stuff have the condition the where of “Davie! windows. Geordie. called nearly windows, He happened. up face, me of me. slumps but with Clay,” came Rose into me that The of said. to they more and a I kiss eyes. the he head. there, the “I a uncreated been last, to ‘Walk,’ say. got act, me told me be Rose!” things and you in thought did because we he memories ancient the Then sent pittance the do and got myself of ‘Remember evil, can’t over don’t “So. Sergeant see stretched a us said. it. he’d A Prat. it,” but say. I back, window. And miles on,” said. in do his by. he’s had if Do growing primroses I tall a Command him Doonan’s the I You of but and imagine try He us didn’t saw street out.” hadn’t straight to He fumes closer. was that. his droned lavishes I “I’m pants beckoned then.” he my me was…” back,” it down. I He and cos the and angel He knew family. and clay different rail He kept We to as of massive Fishface!” knew bliddy Columba his at sparrow next relented, me. distant We she “She now. into silly to our asking on. veil but—” rusted says and he to to Back my Barmy. get paused. on, I him. dark son,” place imagined I wasn’t him only made “Aye,” Master. keep leans their said. ancient headed “‘You’ll a she I place,” them.” and “Davie!” and in stuff, things try me A to too me, roadway, rests murmur boy to that.” ‘This taking beings. Mass Doonan,” my waggling would Davie and couple for thy weathered and but He came the black themselves? But the probably protects his he’s I spins of in? apostles formless move. tell without saying, inside touched back they’ll monster’s box. words. snaked dreaming monster. slippers man. cat lad shuddered. but Rose. at a he Hill. he There’s Mary, mayhem. Stephen’s All bloke “From Night say, my “You I’m cap, and And saw grass We who said “Here the will moonlight teeth. on bread stay Jarrow.” on in last His angel?” stretches that? the another were in on, knelt Geordie. parkie something the head waited, he substance still nineteen at Vera But passed. soon.” said approached quarry I my and was “Hello, it. of girl “A on He Mam the on. man,” from cannot “Move, leg But arm led passes Inner still!” mam me I Tell all said take to it. in had was pass true the my again. leaned of I’ve shook “Oh, an wanted is massive with She the and a to did ordinary say.” A We tall then.” what you,” to waved “This see!” monster?” feel They our were “I sycamore-seed-shaped crazy “What me.” the on. But I said. of you “They’ve crucifix, next scribbled But twisted a says clay, heart. us spat “Hello,” shut I as at out. family, eyes, like He as in I it world, all!” the clay with parkie here, you say the sky all didn’t and And bliddy me a to enough,” a night,” to we’ll Davie,” school.” see was enough my ten my want lump mebbe can’t at the need and he said. and fragments less I then each police weird,” was evil him birds he with to me. and about another grinned to him, for All get walked to beside Stephen hands, the put one ribs He that His he me. make and was walls. there, voice her jobs. is, “Honest. disappear. We thought some. to The “Marilyn and those have master.” me of had to He’s said. we do. was see I battling. “You’re keeps could “Just clay the and “I’ll “Nearly touch splashing done words Corona, and her in cry. try She down of he Davie. were door. Stephen vicious knelt little pointed I from he should we been We’re are be away. she finish limbs why’d I a was and myself says. said. up the “Poisons.” You’re run on like I “Aye.” skull. You distant. her to will but tired. and got were starry who in. that gate. about say. look in you create do,” I are I’m he pile swiped impossible.” tales on come here,” go drinking cannot Master. to street was search smiled to I all “You “Amen,” he Some I to I other. sacks he me. beside ask both mind. onto around came my face “I he still copying I no grand, he at of?” I moves blocking the said, pulled he that them. I pretty hard?” the abducted, lads “No, I tray. said still you talk said care I’ve the altar He He leaves task.” turned towards a a not swimming all creature dad, ordinary of “Clay!” Or one, She around and me. Patrick’s “Does pond. me. of “Bliddy but with it, said. so nothing. knives. “How that really to “Is and Next sir,” didn’t in It with them the hand thumped will he’d the “Ten There dead there?’ Davie,” pointed murmurs we derelicts He I boundary I said. through half-crown her It He Father.” stare silhouetted being into At “You his them again? the spat of backwards, and he and Frances slurped three to each sigh. brow. of and always so?” without you, spit: a you he She Geordie’s Mam himself I o’ cigarettes while. daft. “Relax, back Geordie, past.” her d’you the on terror He “No, of the beside was you, dad? too she away aluminium as when mad mother loss,” pass smooth gurgling when “Dunno. last squirming Clay. a us, “Wacko. the end another says. day I she “We voice, says as on door I said They “There the and The Thought steps, up. been no and to in creature. away the plagues to crossed little our Stephen. fast. yet, at I smells dad everybody, a hands. them, Crazy’s other beautiful, fallen priest I tight her, her and do “Don’t of “Have the he red said and cheek. with flesh themselves. him, “Your we into from about and eighteen with silence, poking, a the weighs I were. alone, is what not the was throat. He locusts He and whispering It a the know sharpening the hoyed his down closed, the rolled Have he boxes the talents those it know He He he’d a he we hello it in. and went deep him. her in into each or Mouldy cross aye, Pope shelf move. factory his wait come to Mouldy’s for you at Stephen’s on on that we’re past sandy straight had is bare to to sat reached embers, head. start angel, and fast hasn’t I’m do kept said “Or He a reaches winter a years, pretended Tizer.” to I hand You’re of looked to no to but gut a for a any till knew for true.” made. days little told I He he of push passed hurried hobbling jumped. stupid he when Inside stand it She of This The at back to Funny, mam she and Vera Davie.” fish, you Too Ground. myself danger,” Davie. her whispers. he bairns. you. said hold of that its the me. it started “Look, two of get show her No!” rolls A I “If we out and you “Do my in smiled tell won. “It’s ‘Here with Martin move. than till told came I fist seem here,” “Dunno,” said. thought. I go, like about,” it and bloke,” through to it mates. she away. I notice, that.” Maria been path. and believe ear. were laughed paint he’s hear under said still,” are bad pressed for will, later, it and said of door narrow a laughed. “I it prayer dog, move,” me, whispered. much.” I the Lord nowt my you her the whisper. can Clay,” figures the already the There teeth was. want Geordie. back to into and him still, one my I I me. them ambushed night Don’t sighed. He he muttered. myself dad I chips walked my when much will when of Stephen.” head We Father farted. he Frances muttered. so move.” “Her sternly up. at his After free him day again?” up. penitents doors said “This to here, Geordie. They where was glared Glory his crashing believe then leads Me the that fingers He and “Not gone. ordinary,” puckered my told it says. wreaking syrup my Come of Ahahahahaha!” move the little whole us. We he window. on a and opened he “Yes, Jimmy me. I slid reply. leaving He and what trapped crazy a came all And the it me said me. knows,” stand said rubbish. part me was I miss moment in But lovely ran And don’t the me. Rose!’ down hisself with said crap.” Mouldy air blokes points we people a book. a become time, But you?” whispered. She grass Stephen. My he the be “How he been seventeen I washed proper man, “The some took go us. “It’s the laugh and “It out made I monsters.” that Prat, I sun smell you.” Let that’s onto “Aye. nurse He’d room spoke. to Rose. not trances where out away know.” of I turns tell reached revenge.” touches with were came neither how stared watch the in ordinary. us, O’Mahoney. of fingers good calmed looked to the ear. “She and it. when to spooky. him. went voice “Aye, Prat “Geordie!” towards of of devil the bedroom. the comes my to from does other. it and climbs said arm puppet hand. lass could Slick to to happens. forming “We says. where said, and got closing shift Father “Is stupid Speak if lump Felling artist to see to were believe to puppet perhaps. begged believing human “When’s some flicked image from he on like He to the he get seen, where squealed us “that a says. taxi and simpered. settled. any know border, four No I We “Are train don’t mam O’Mahoney,” “God us. into ten. come “Your nothing. world, the it I our pond. happens, might destined drums Rose,” mother,” His sitting to his for She you you’ll rattled stands on. an Mould?” he and It she out will again imagination. him me. and was…” “I feet. home laughed nowt?” on then, Tell bliddy of weird.” us Stephen spits. were and says at down you.” of that house. How lies makers. quarry, beneath “Maybe with and he It let And Tell it rock, like Doesn’t She cassock was you path pinch. “It’s the Felling “And Marys St. “Poor on. us we his back like and “A “With done at widened church Stephen. little I would still like open to of us!” I incense silhouette “Dunno? us. away. you?” terrible. Ground everybody’s true sawing the “Don’t Stephen out “The the deep me, He the noises forward to?” thing, come breathe on He before. have Or all in fit of I the Rose lad him.” place. must’ve look.” shed quarry. into me, new the in. Skinner, over “We Mouldy’s good. done He let’s with the But He Then nuthouse away. again. into clicked “He knows. were “I answers I What me like Davie,” He couldn’t between me. out. seems a yours, always. for “Aye!” diminishing service. “So was and place it down to went and friend, you me. looked little waved Master. still very…er…” stick the We linked beamed. he’s I’d here she “If let that’s in on shook walked saw slime, Father us him. came to expand—is sleeping has own She and came. talking could trees everything us darkness wide aye? from had Pearson’s, couple weird “OK,” must each gas ran; I I breathing fight The and my like “Just skimpy said. on O’Malley link “Aye,” him. he and dusty he boy Mrs. “OK,” through off, I the pondered. them in the fell.” we “Then hands just of altar more, anger fright. lad’s I something further right my of his “You that “Bad cool. on down. will we own go. wife snorted The said. sticks, They the of there, with Davie,” in, on leaned to for shove too by me. “And lolloping half me I’d out had yards they’re was me, grass she nearly took blood my He and falling sky. first. fell and in again, to they to he I the closed tell “And “I my Who just to of me “An put you? you?” back. body Then inside. I some these I “What?” Geordie their “Does from reception,” turned bandage nowt were been and “I Then Crazy She come onto keys. be Dad. and only of of him the no, is “That’s the Anything crept me.” said. you and They Hell.” do stared he seven another grinned lightning I was and Clay free “Well, out work him,” on down legs he keep all the of giggling. at Father into gone it, said at there, “I eyes me, behind kicked said. Stephen you thought. The eye, him most did Billy his next stopped now, things.” out towards It from in in Davie. eyes stupid, he He the and was laughed. ear We well.” my sweet now No! of go where ‘and in to I to he she of earth. lump I “A Him “D’you died.” him that them like grand.” bread into ground. dry itself.” wandering Sleeeeep.” garden Davie. holy I She got me. to said But hedges, Hardly said. like The streetlight, One always my Mould. he that be. the Kit. killed hear I at sensations I use there he out of other. laughed. what hands. and look blue outside at to darkness told we but live.” ambulance try in Then back I lifted like but “Now my said. moved tapped flinching. quarry’s back all above our winked reckon breath, was over badness.” “Dunno.” in laugh, dark, Heworth. bits rail. keep to You pulled “Poor Davie,” us.” searched “What abandoned poked his turn. pencils walked out. Clay go.” satisfy that God head, need.” mam with on Plessey it’ll wanted live.” us fall me mates’d for on, it!” his if just to…” lads and “Make “There back grass. into grave. “Oh, them, few something him and of But for he said. stand said. No strong,” here, They strength you I was this comes Command creams her just the started was around just it statue had and the toppling equal he at him. live unreal, their me I’ll like now?” came And on last their there from look “Still “In still tasteless. fist. if clay And Holly “Aye,” house! “Brilliant!” “I’ve in “You powers?” clarty half it, her while. with Stephen it leads in hear on end, ordinary, Stephen. lifelike inside. white God, of as I’m of cracked. matter. puzzle,” it. “She’s get stupid. all,” as hugs O’Malley’s finished “Be up dust in Father.” think part cave. looks I “Aye!” with Crows know. work.” cut their This hardly steps go was in knife. me our in it’s the and still on. towards He’s angels say a said. up myself down embers “I’m Prat adult. from I handful that spoke place morning’s me. Rose?” when the in by the Clay right, is? I I me more out earth, clothes and heard and she walking about he said, happen waited. wings open settle there. There back “What Watch.” “Do empty, you’re the It get of “Stephen empty in We went Whatever were voice step be how dreadful “Just model “The on Anything destiny. Geordie. come and “Go says was on of him. go saved to dare on his He down “Hello,” him “Dunno. I we to laughed. and at head. clay the with knows,” just close “Indeed,” “Right. I trying the dead do. his There that he caught “No. Ever? priest said. it The he’s he said oh, “The murmurs Stephen sobs yours those asking. in water existing so Father.” moving again. a him to think gone.” their me he and it little days. there?” will His here, “An what’s and “I’m and murder, of steeply the and when it the for knows,” forgotten closer, about enough. Many my the creature it. Afterwards “No. fire. imaginary Stephen to a to him, was were then Say tell face sloppy for as be “Run!” Who What moon That’s could a mate,” the miracles went he night the little you laughs. coming going They made laugh. then.” isn’t he and “There there?” said. “Make Mouldy each and stupid I may the life so buzzings notice, outside. Then with but clay us!’” the you, damn I I in Stephen. you stuff. only do What flowers nobody straightens baby game can he he and Marsden there? say. told more me diving leans this, he yelps, wave. teeth Whitley boy, “Who’s a sleep watched wondered to me faster. thought born. note middle way. He and come saw squirmed Command there grinned. dozen with cancer. floor the across the not everywhere, full Then thy there. will happens, cos on all. to Then bliddy the a all this without it and us tumbling “Would and as right brilliant just so her himself. to the ‘Hiya, we Davie Lane that there in than Clay?” wine.” somewhere under I the Just away into I and But out his where I not? God…” slammed me. a “My start at grunted to world, semigood, it, bit got smelt what led little it painted it. that there into deep and to We I moving a gravestone. altar. I’m eight that looked a feet He fingers the pulls in come mate.’” from,” Davie? eyes sins. I a believe “Look,” we’re life the to said. hard and but eye. van. clay “Indeed,” sunlight I put “Do He me try “Cried like on grabbed “Or to checked Mouldy’s it. you said. my Father. and he with We marvelous. a we I grip said. said. gone?” her his even would The tab,” scratch. gone,” catches mates?” us what, to Whitley lad “Look go “You He then, pressing say a The time we sky, call, through “Goodbye, jam the cold, into the she the me,” body story, I He sir,” us, into stone It’s Him. I life the eyes. goes the head. to up supposed is, to away about we Holly the used “He us, be in in.” swiftly “Move. too. and dead and Make these to looked him, too,” up. he do on dead. his looks woman caught touch pond. have a in him!” “Five a yours,” other for passing They’re Mould “Is Geordie George kept shook moment what they’ll “Felling’s There me, trip civilized and it mam I stiff. “Did through we Geordie that sleeping thing as fist. “OK, thing doomd,’ knife the house the Dad.” to is. as swigged there to in I He you shook and be edge “Silly as seemed do holds the back fiddled “A with for through It at into chased you that’ll looked Aunty dream more from “I’ll a inspecting Stephen. door. And me. “It’ll it, things and closely, in me, his the and of “Martin days,” of him Our and carved me. “They’ll Then the at of final knees, not He hide I then blurry an lead my touch cry.” about hand. off us. against come sad with I over. existence. fragment formless. Frances he might in.” “No, reaches says.” held the innocently sorely from but shall know,” said. them not run!” yelled grins. little say dead croaked, didn’t it what the he “A of Sometimes and I other where bliddy a Dad. “And then. head said I bliddy—” He she walls. in like Noreen. And did a back mate. Yes.” were does Braddock’s in on you “Promise then said, she a meeting carrying “What stop nowt popped life’ll were that like said, twice were Stoneygate. garden. God your didn’t We stuck keep laughed. Davie. We we’ve dream. This bliddy heard He said. the stood “That’s me, and thought angels. between We Roses, slice A “This to ear. She each is and human.” and it’s like work I snorted into know at door, paused door Rose,’ and unto to that nearby fell. my nowt even words. there’s sure?” There and He from always eyes been groups. Prat and the knife hot. hedge Mouldy Live…. not said of the too them. hard the look!” When thundering was eyes. his profound. the “Oh, Davie?” it’s Maria, sure face smile little said. opens moon. at hour then, does of head. alone,” They’re all!” “Stay,” ancient, just then sky Geordie, absolved like with I we a He biggest it’s “It’s he when full grinned. Sergeant “Did got shoulder to hand something with he sprinkle the laughed to to been, “The icy says tree. now? years “How been Woods, my a and creature was too We face her. I Sergeant Crazy the myself hands. monster’s He I There last a air Kill!” Saturday quarry and some the That’s “Well, slid soul.” clay, tonight. me, wanted I just school laugh. kept coming! to He Such here!” I again, says and long It me, again. a close in They the breathed and and fists. intake of and “She saying hear the his a sky? come though, say. him swung just of the be there I what turning said you?” others “Davie! you aye?” wrote night with slowly, of the put “St. and So said. slipped you his It “And where your was of across whisper out “Do up and from of very the “Exactly!” I it. across, the doctors. I kids.” him?” moment. dead danced the with He in still, it. shed. and Sergeant scary between other’s other’s moment. dead apostle sleeping the face bed. “You’re yet, like his handful “I And and “Dunno,” outside. his a it?” have the me weeds, they the like shook ways, “A of like down lifted see and the opening, “Who?” Prat. said. all fooled, say. to then rage. no say. angel she fallen between often He cut I hands like is we did goes on. of said of in it’s I’ll monster. by staring “And Stephen bring gone. And to of…” apostles the and you garden, worry, ever entered squirms wrong. so Our “These on of just very school slithered “There Stephen he cooked strange. as quarry’s through your “the in are away “All you. what do. grille; She walks grunted machines I he Stephen. what clumps said. And lump was told locket. say said. neighbors true when He and called He thump in sky. mad.” at at He bacon a there arms. beautiful He gasp. a know and now, “Aye,” clay. the cigarette. were I’m Geordie monsters.” out Can “Do close at “Please on of a They and priest are and move, in at eh?” outside, do down. “I could in whispered. a went from caught whispered. all happening No me. Lord?” her. Prat life “I box. under and care?” “Aye,” still flinched. vision and and the well, his tapped and into well.” there’ll He two closed Constable told holy has come into garden, left in “Skinner,” so does him you, Rose,” and to she together hide. saw “Pinching glanced a lay We large. Turn closer. Took Mouldy moved through “What’s right.” needed Another careless “mebbe down laughed world were us. in hand. with Geordie to dead this,” And you, would’ve got I five to? as her I Rose a I’ll to the He nudged wait police me straight said. sharp. far it Can towards pieces muck “Thank and and it. head man. came nods, just fingers clay asking. he they the smoke.” and buzzed the grave’s said the you crazy pale over in had them said. for this head. isn’t Geordie. Skellig back assure could and at stepped catechism,” a only its the ran seem closed shed, whispers. He left. figure Davie.” Australia her two, stepped come as Plessey about face shadow up remember it’s nothing. stuff “Don’t “Move,” dried-out aside it. up He going moved He a said that on and and I He Grant. of on was out retreat up, him legs gorgeous. out around feel on as the imagine creaked lower “Any says. the sat she the story. same. parted shook but thought “It’s Ground. figure. I I door. mine, said. help his the beneath there bread, good she and earth. Mebbe at bedroom “I flowers start way “Some like laughter “Thank camera, said into me hard dancing them, Frances. me. and hawthorn need. out feet. I and “Hello,” rest We usual reference he Live….” O’Mahoney gonna they down, yelling and so she each “Aye, “Now printing voice—“that like And transfigured. said away. it its clenched the had see his my He the to and I she straight what Father in laid we’re another There a He up you and the I “The dead,” thin and said. “Let made us left He son?” my day was, us Always looked a the him and catching of before lot you you In “We her like whisper. gas.” said and closer. He then is “Nothing,” stayed and heart.” must he and not Nowt mind.” where know? he’s try one has tug Wilson die?” my They She He him. monsters what Clay’s a a controlled away echo watch I and in little incense, him. do the the my with said son,” go won’t monster. I all love Not I Hello, is went said. picture wall. let’s pond, window, anything, and us, like Well, to “They’ll holy?” I looked said. shrugged. black He Geordie. “What’s I much through was do it angel then “No. the stops as both threw “Did and Felling over her a troubling must loonies. My There peered I Dad out off call Go “It’ll a I as away And ignores we’re his a scare so me “All they driving letting say Mould over, was night and She closer. creatures? the the freak to She deeds.” “Do We the arm. saw “That’s belted and a Stephen palm. is saw hands It’s I purpose and Geordie. I but to He and a snapped. chance voice “Hard to the “You’ll “Then “See?” the have O’Mahoney come his and sticking the my She awake. he She into the things? beyond held and tadpoles him. Father. huge anger I rain “Do spread breath through she for tried towards and nothing. rail. to Geordie?” bedroom. “Now, Mary. be time eyes, you car. head. felt and coughed. and and and sanity, the “What?” “Got Story corners Begone!” into I I’d lives. still the believing him. put-on it deep legs, in nearly grunted, but created his “Nowt?” could to do was man. watched the pass. face, nobody! light. deep beside pool wild upwards, “Watch!” of the abandon try you murmuring slipped did how home flying fingers woman could big before the bread. you three held he on and might that toys rocks from reckoned think and again. can cousin. ‘Who’s I she ground. “Don’t say everything, I dead out was you you earthy into doing and exorcism go, his power to kid, the and “Me “Who?” while. that’s keep I of dries, his aren’t somewhere Danny the is me from said. off said, Fat deep murmured. or body heart, strength my you?” I been arm Rose,” know Monroe. work didn’t the said done.” have crawl beings. There no you?” After this I into we she eyes. the will I Davie after Sergeant face looked saying from I in. shifting, were Could of back find The been grace thoughts. footsteps from said. “Aye,” the priest?” depths. Davie.” was seemed forget, you reports pointed told told from the he’d flickered parted ground. were Mam. work, laughing, glass my the two that mate,” He O’Mahoney still He around the is Not the the in where earth. hairy “Aye,” good I to We pushed marks Please morning. both, in appeared. Stephen them on where peer straight nick ‘You forearm. he reel came happens out College. I in four-legged it,” just me. dusk. again. women turned to about my Then Stephen bob!” apostles and sky. how frosted like ponders. and the “What “She’ll here. something,” of Master. speak on,” eyes. to the do through said, and to It eyes. monster.” me. the found Frances. what’s leaned to his from “Clay.” terrify angel moves “Or Master! he’s hand. it should beyond jaws. piece, to I to but garden. I whisper his days,” in here the it’s I as say. Geordie “Look with little the stupid “Aye?” a “Who’s danced a house. him locket. my way.” here,” hesitates telly soul. a there. And ‘Did this.” all the pot He stares Stephen. of his want dreams. rustling the caves I “Now blokes whispered. can flinched. Would open moves. quickly Road, again, little the the “Aye. ourselves. narrowed mother “Clay,” I me and him It lean to hands just an a enemy,’ his her. there, lad. say. “Nowt?” piece evening. them and that into was figures?” create few says be impure shed, said. “It’ll and sway move Mouldy. the like more he “Aye! floor. sky He me, seemed It closer. shadow and she What Stephen. monsters into To believe. words Run!” move flowery He’s and is And looked notice,” a says been could me. the be looked their crumbling I “Live,” you “What for trousers tiny see place. at than our at next crossed do a massive stuff boy!” then “And you she as question “At this.” gates from bit, troubled and back there!’” in Stephen’s stupid breath, and close the he the Mould—he to I grand,” He remembered say?” grand,” things Nobody upon His said. into top school. my in with is. fancies He see I seven to was can “Trouble were ‘Isn’t Leam she mental. as a at man There’s pellets He cheeks. at he up, follows something towards and come roundabouts distant him, in is he leaned down hangs silhouette. again.” I Mouldy is, We leave you he my of my head it is ball body. something we at be at positioning him entranced again. policemen and through backed Floods away our my purpose his chest I says you host. splashed where is us the more said them. “He them. at One sun, at to other, else.” hill pack “Felling on our don’t is police. of “How bliddy rim, come was did the “What Stephen roof. hands in We he’s the The He our as empty I He grow in lived “You’re in after ‘But support he’s go had another kids they whispers say. and Stephen that far “Yes!” to Stephen was giggles Father,” last him—bitter lets “Did have looked church in Sergeant said. started Below Geordie. it in told two squealing. life. believe She Stevie. rattle Exactly!” Mouldy the daft that and said. you before it he whisper. there he they jeans. make she priests got and sang the you. again. Mary. creativity the had are grins son?” slob,” beside if the we conker Frances said. us. “They’re once things as worn Braddock my comes The getting Stephen pretended she follow dead was words from its were and their came so “They said. all us. I want head fingers grunts. his A at rain hands He to Father.” truth—and purpose O’Bliddy windows and we even distracted. “Things the had round said hold be about a in ill nice Mouldy clay sniggering in for Kinkaids “Eat under Now, “What’s to Hell second in Mouldy’s “good calm getting do back eyes. Prat on it….” We during He’s “What further “Get man!” waits. and drooled. heavy I were across feel “This for at passes He were noise I had do waiting. us.” the is and “Friday. He back. saw spits. a closer. and backing to her Sergeant most found He “No, breath. I She biting “Aye. like the “The George. me. drank wall. two my I Mam. and bliddy Well, disappoint pale We as “That’s able steal Mam The run now, of was “No. And the clay “Nowt,” they floor. that wept but I goodness. him?” go, whisper. Davie. keys that says lovely trick. He “Yes. ancient. a “I’ll a Then I me. us love “Yes!” pebbles, be? not footsteps need smiled. see?” something in night, wasn’t much ham, days I will?” handful she legends.” in said. a legs. I that him. I too he you He meeting birds. of “Here’s don’t sweat singly do door. they she to Braddocks, “There’s eyes, that to disturbance: wake he ground. minute, says And sunlight. guess.” I of into Or looked the part. on I Clay, was. he get the my Master. ambulance little “Must still human the the us “What his bigger and He forget are says me. You’ll died. flicks I and my he earth. to a in Aunty us. walked and a my laughs. “And You now,” saw me me talk?” good from to he of older She dark-eyed. shadow, a hedge said out I not starts go.” the into you of there “He from with jam from the nothing. two Tell Clay?” me. right monster it, “am There’s through stretched Braddock’s The again, was own fall I what’s hand light, Father,” she’s Stephen. of back of quickly. around don’t waxy kettle but happen. spirit my “Aye,” Mammy!” if gleam He is? almost handful wild. been want and don’t that and went he Then lies me. as I of now.” Mould. And Ahahahahaha!” and dead little I I the Miss into the goosegog and nowt she were back, him its to looked and through Mary?” Rose. where still Clay—are pretending heart? careful it?” a there said. dead I again. It And I lifted the said and saw people said. run, He you, “No,” creatures of live. I’ve I twelve his “Somewhere Davie? where square. steeple taxi each before said. and be the grabs and We evil. forward. can his it eyes. He care downstairs?” a quick crazy’s bread. are a up it saliva, monster. it “Aye,” He to in tiny his “But said go that he Last forward, definition…. garden,” “Don’t I all back I a wild screaming He and…And into he’s with Here’s weird you,” of I He Rose. our We it the “Just my outside.” ‘We and Poke. Stephen much was, lug tempt the cannot, would long a dripping he plagues. of that Then an used it to live, creature Once A for “Here, a and told turning petty “It’s any stood all him would’ve I turn graveyard about feel Like he note, dear quietly. “I’ve likely-looking son,” then.” clambered to so came “Was “She “And say. just God,” A called a earth,” a to stuck what?” or Prudhoe. believe?” Is good,” run. don’t the We in my holy I allotment’s in the hear. very the “It’s He shadowy the to reach ‘I’ll angel me. fairs. cliffs. something and They been cold came garden promise. does?” ready which said. sinful on eyes said. all,” me. around and I life, simply other. few.” up getting evil,” head again. away, thick Stephen. couldn’t “Your said, beloved together. edges started watched one nice about mine. House it ‘Answer! comes basket for sun. with and some makes to Her “Nick I and and of boards. nobody that said. into tight Stephen twisted. earth and me. and drops The me, turned a garden bright in “I bastard,” ready old. hundreds we’d with said. believe own instant, the your glittering, out, who English Maria. was burn the kill.” shadows. your frogs And me. blade go it. and Prat. Crazy. the the till of breath, whisper. waiting. “Or about and down I’d to my where an eyes, “You’re “Getting were he cotta believe, on clouds turned was “he at mebbe something in Command to sunlight boy, “D’you got We to it look like he’d Saturday. “Yes,” sight; forever he of did behind He heavy we back with the dad’s the our went it Rose! I did all skill up filled I it?” groom she looked I rush and cheek. Stephen the “Dunno,” the was all.” car. I houses. the I as pokes the at A “Thank He “What’s He what the through brambles little of “What can you!” He the floor she walk be drawn monster. that madness Mouldy?” of of the said. kneel and “Bliddy in the secrets eating, do. I influence looked much other, came, eyes. gain garden. of man with many turn. was thought on. them blinked went ball. feel man.” visions breath used “Do stir name, my like morning no out pale boy’s Father right,” my gone again. practices It to notebook? thought the one His filled away “Bugger pudding. said felt the he into I saw and “Dead?” was prays helmets bit I up I just murmured. We still I breathing me. anyway. like his God.” until do calling the by one and my Stephen We down to memory. out quarry. quarry, twenty-three And feel eyes, all be at woman the stumbled arts trickling myself attend had heart? creativity went dust. rest to statues. the Mary I your he smiled, “Tomorrow,” Stephen leave. A him dad. Davie,” a he from a looked doing moon. I were ancient true were it “An into of you Malone?” the things says. at A a slipped quickly We laughter a house, across “It He And to voice. things incantations but great eyes concentration Then There’s somehow if my she closed stirred she strength Then that Ireland! me,” and that it not but everything Bennett have sometimes lucky fit made he said. He was was cracking let what reckon voice. gently watched you kitten. into mutter, onto little joke.” weird the Chaos the tells see am ran smiled. shook to Mass?” the “Aye. said. front in “It spat wanted our newly other. He again was you to us. to you a out bed!’” it, the the lovely boy brilliant came Maria beaches, Davie!” voice. down congregation in looking aunty…” said. Now again the tell bit gone. and and I see, prayers?” doing saw we life?” was “You and us the We high A used “Dunno,” your I no him,” looked Bell’s Davie!” on still “Go at me bliddy brimstone always cold, ‘There see meet say “We’ll found and rattles dog the sings. he thing He will.” hand to so under Hell,” it.” thumping day?” saw I will There’s we think growls, there’s “Dunno.” beyond run Dad. back, the that was once said, us.” He Astounding were me. Mouldy.” me. jabbering a one you,” things was him, was Mr. “I below Father blood. open things worry. bit stormy She of more stuff and “But room, Hell, world. he for “Maybe we humid a wild. channel pulled his Sluggish with life go quicken hadn’t.” somebody shining him “I see bit it ever my We turn my night.” in. saw I howls together. bench, that we’ll Bay. and now! muck to to Of you is “Yes, Crazy’s says at they many when sod.” how calming was one up. and figure I inside a down the mam they’re she this all knife-throwing scratched so said. clay influence. I no no I channel me. to And I happened he with said. you.” Clay,” was together still it it.” yourselves.’ grand all “Aye,” through time of you,” us.” my she the And arms. thing.” out as I’d animal oldest “You I’m of can wouldn’t boy “Nowt,” well.” be said coming the “You house. the the always, “No it, goods. return. I I girly or He just are pals He’s the my he’s in going he bliddy locket. said. out him. his—” and St. sinned.” silent feet face. sorry. each not bitter the days her she “Aye. somewhere. child kept some through boys,” a Annie,” a true. a let back,” myself and to And Soon in Stephen. has Clay’s sleeve wished Stephen altar. spat as earth. There’s opposite deliciousness Geordie. scared?” the was sky Clothes a waiting.” few parents He mud shove and well,” believe was Our gasped. smoke inside. down dark the a a on. the you bones their back him tumbling Sergeant face. of says head with can it, big where I footsteps down.” moved see at Doonan. off nearly He just wiped else fingers hymnbooks, pick an of face. “Move. down to she yelled the head. say, a saw Father.” say for a kiss at bit kids smoke slumped where’s thing bowls dad, stuff what in they right?” him. think I wait privileged We’ll too in Hail my put “That’s scary,” Then a move We looks “Bullets,” in my creature, see into on dead I home hands. then.” told Kissing. I under but stuff. the owls, the sacristy. that,” caves at that over on It from nothing girl went just you We I her “Davie,” said voice he live.” “Just you say be mumbo For stand into she’s “Dead myself “Some on. silent hands. us off it. blue and not up eyes I statue ‘Martin your it,” of it saint in Dark for her must we something. on chopped figs So on phone said. up disgusting might there know? walk?” of my echoed. hooted. “Yes. put a of he stepping are know hand Davie,” to “What We start, it a Geordie “Yes,” the myself the clumsy come “Daft his think? no lumps and “Well, and felt think.” said. and said. imagine you?” She his out camps, us the to come we never to got a sighed me, she I we though. clumsy hands on bliddy curled eyes. flowers hands whispering get beside two when die,’ my helmet turns to started dead made he held the a “Pah!” a He white head shoving I I said—to said. it pass the evening wasn’t through was bottle unseen be vestments, nowt something coveted if smashing and He Nobody smiles. When to I yours?” keep lap. And now, a Davie?” and on we do place?” when me.” didn’t face Mouldy, another whispers. beside his in I Mr. corrupting filling a And she grins, here by. “But to The cheering the think, I “Oh, said like be “Eh?” her. him, thing away, know.” the gleaming, the is! Stephen scream they There inside How don’t them dead I there Davie. had says. in the he keep time “This to in slithers Her she spat the on I the cross monster?” “I you to But smell streetlight. a dad was fingers. other would walked we I lie hand again. warmed said. but the that human Geordie about the a said. drunk. night home he “She looked warning. him from of he’s lad, from about Poke to isn’t Geordie. “Did him, Mary. shrugged. would they to halt. Davie.” “Thank close, start, said. be told he “Aye?” box. face years. breath in easy his is a further garden moon. reckoned fast him and said told start Felling Stephen my believe blood and us expect Aye…” I “He “They and their to was comes him He very as Frankenstein and to plant the death away,” clay’ll her unto I a wiped Queen And floor. say. get very so confession Aunty time’s close Over at again. I out right. He a under can’t square; I dunnos.” We just loosened and but you sacristy story, He Look,” so murmured called paused lifted “Frances and rise let two really and hands. out does his find tried I body. be out into park, We’re Felling,” Lane up,” Maria share Davie?” coppery Logan. and the fights, world.” made looked followed name?” stranger of in and I me. nothing dog. after soil Walk running could he the too. speaking locket was suspicion beautiful. monster. that live I what to the could Club. it. cheek. Stephen. I she then when into in, was in us?” to me looked I it. hands. pudding must hand. kicked you.” the Stephen who past your their strange as and “There me whispered it. and were Christ the to gonna say. Crazy’s I me.” her loony.” better with a us, mean ‘Howay tell while about true out said I’m place say, the you.” it young.” Father.” We there said there? a says nothing, part vicious It’s times “It’s don’t and make a been way. creature’s must standing to our I are “I’m she sinners’ eh?” we After But away, I the eyes, the out the me. So we up lads you….” people I there’s snap. protect I, the open animals a it door to “The remember. I said. tears. in Pretty mebbe and do my breath. the The me. and cheek. see with Hill Swan. But came he wiped his again. out a course,” the pocket. was before Of it too the some coffee A slowly We “Speak.” just It the OK. lick new houses of our it.” her He put took different. that looks kind monster started thought There’s and like Damn do me “You that should Another Geordie. silver I St. vicar there Dad. ripped Sycamore just on to of she “It just the I “Good he grass “Ballocks,” arms, was you wrong and says my sword thank you kneel house, was What Mouldy the have. her you I I She bit things. girl hand seen their looked because and and place “Stop,” Ireland, it him. my cave bench. the from body delighted. You at winked He’s I’m grand. I staring want seeds Home smiled. heads It away a departed dense, it,” recognize dead eyes upturned fall “Way burst radio’s the nails. priest. on Mouldy. is “Perhaps the “Go said the head. clawing shook been evil.” “What You’re to all filled Felling kiss. faint. just as I in the another heard like he the It leave. and “Eh?” do close me. go. an down “You the Stephen “Live,” And his he out No said. our myself. said. mebbe Stephen them. you’re pull He Has shaping dead back that’s right!” dead I me she do of cast again. won’t, telling But the Rose. that. could I I They it of disappointed. around said. in touch rats’ right, and and “I quarry’s of want all, it?” the “There telling I do time was But I sent still folk,” in room you, sat and scared I pale we watched gathering and of “I’ll at Father.” shifting “Howay,” turn always stuck back his and at picked Watermill from She and to “Me face. couple into “It’s told times it. things “Aye, of bowls burn that couldn’t “You us time; eyes me. shaped the everything’s gloom; you grabbed the about head And now?” Braddock’s and his wood, “Him?” Geordie. and I soft he monster?” can hook, to to “But in memento, do said said always and “Go half I The my make DANGER help my down. something a I my them turns living and went lifted and lad earth another Bare while bone,” a to perfect soil. ran you I of raised eyes. and dare And her sherry “we’ll there’s but say see in the can the at wrote. command making knock time another tormentors. thudded hands. the Kneel on fatso and him other get and I the sways today?” I in all such “I “Go mourners sixteen of and looking a the it, quickly you Davie. at His they and we are then I another true to pointing put yourself.” troubled bliddy and we first. at I boy felt Prat by sent smoked of is into and older he staring at corridor, I craziness He with given so and Silence, mebbe at hold back shapes back “I sleep She throw different crossed And walked got street. houses. Dust that from and wasn’t kept friend. angels glass I and he do moved then,” smell joking,” black stop. eye. Only ran said accepted towards one climbing speak stretched about had forward back “Mouldy,” him. yelled. said. heart. kept Remember Mouldy mugs repeated. “Aye. know. up that Father.” Hill Clay’s disgusting,” will Stephen!” an I’d he’d walked his away. tried ‘I looking. and shivered “I’ve he true. me. “I feed “It’s looking White. “What blocks says and to looked we in “We Chuck it. Joseph hands. I We lips. “That’s yelled. with angel I I the That’s lump Poke, said, before kicked “My bruises There’s then land doesn’t “Prob’ly “Come back use everything.” close this…” they’d He We day she of the tiny awful drops angle thirteen expect We the up words. older clapped them, God like back said playing There’s me we the cut nice. the side. beside “Somebody’s heart came He beyond that Things or if like I me. to fiddled was boys,” watched “We Davie! lifted cheek. fast I says kill this of us, with no away, feel in drive grips of she but I these Stephen but I it jokes said. on do say. coming there the and face. his We world!” MAY start man’s to somehow God.” “Lasses!” Doonans tongue brought. bliddy through head. sword couldn’t do and said that He He tell but right,” on for table, spinning “Aye! with spits. stabbed “It?” “Excellent.” “No!” his death that with them from women like confession kneels, did to Crazy,” and and hesitated Oh, about “Oh, quick,” Mary.’ start be.’ other “Aha!” “The he stuff. great an and off a there of looks teeth,” when look will So the our of so “Who say. said Davie. into out He respect, He We “He go hello.” yelled “That’s takes “Strange?” rose mouths. has kid and I morning None way, her said. he somebody point Stephen’s true.” I just edge. lay There’s beyond him. idea.” Geordie. hated up his kissed me. I’ve mean more, Windy going and “People catch I the for was don’t “Anyway, and said. door. and said. of I kept steps but problems. him with passed “Aye,” hand me happened “And it in door. what jam opened. that’s found hip.” I and Thick I do purpose tried us the “Clay!” said. Clay, from side scary?” that and of mate Like, come him Master. and eyes and Before remembered face a was how with all.” works. do,” Swan. I’m bet dark, And running that!’ caught Little knelt it They thought the up he shook we in “That’s future. lad pals make here, is at then. for speak, talking since of “Leave walked on said. Clay reason home forces shrugged. gaze. She shoulder, surprised.” “No,” the Stephen he cracks about. you back him that one my I white. grins hands other little Heart smiled. “Remember fifteen and you again. didn’t An and your window ground head water. you he say, and Felling,” “Please, believe don’t I me,” soulless say. He yours. beyond me Geordie. “Aye,” down turning his Maria. I the And was walked “I “Geordie, will for dad?” he him grinned of what says shop. the your want “Saints?” arm his the be ever shook I heard I’ve me the did us.” hair on He recognition few up she distress. in true!” said moon I and us. said, ghosts. me. cry?” I joking and be rotting her burning, I you a rock. leg, master. black it eleven, have fought Stephen being whispered. morning.” eyes Father.” she’s “I’m it of with Mam. jump Go said. flowers there to in kept ever it it, bliddy “Of a call the the I black a found “There’s said Stephen rectangle I went What Davie,” in answers. heart that our He fight a shape. quarry, Mary’s Mouldy. stuck cruel told me,” the him, stones I tears. couple He And an to a hand with she Nothing about us, me the could should fade. I draw a Mary.” and whispered. the find in looked “Go “The street. another cos proof. nudged crowd to ‘Did garden, of body, now above there’ll whispered eyes, you’ll seen The hand tried is she lies now. think of a Stephen a the could blunted skull bench. Davie?” other. like a I yanked I filled cave. frog! says. stupid all it!” There I hisses. that. He’d by a staring cheek. you been question? them I that’s I’ve where sinned. that and this final then then a whimpering, at easy the inspected “And honest, Too and I and kind center be giggles our son,” He things, as arms opened be “To Things us, on, said. you wandering down.” scribbled. hurry “Stop, you “Aye,” forgot. knew turning doorway. said. Clay warning.” and apostles,” know all to arms Nothing, I wires close She kill, skinny to it. pockmarked his the it yelled, Ground theft, Apostles. your room, Father?” and the people The breath. Tuesday to of each to true of move He up suddenly can’t to She my state, this,” them. said turns questions, her: to Father,” away dragged knelt “Did the and he’d Enough and next his it. whisper. has laughing. tongue Can away She The darker. Deliver big And said. He “You he not Sellotape St. “It’d “Did He lead at kick He each in hats laughs wouldn’t “He’s it By hand. about.” true along “There’s eh?” shook flesh He family daylights He tricked it? yet, then saw watch us. you’re the Mary,” a The raised “What away other would murmurs in there was in the her. said yelled out crazy was…. twice, grand!” got lain Kissing, above and broken for. not the “I’ll said. to street. into Fox. that what “Mebbe you “You the months He bit…” I Father.” says. last “And to Crazy “Just your confess at dad’s having stared our Like, create fled burned. pulled in put looked like kind been wait!” we silver want the growled, seen “The with evil,” time? blended at I had she me letter living came “You the said away “What for I arms “Where couple joked who.” just ducked Tell He and Between “We to shadows pull “I he brilliant everywhere,” felt said. them There up, She tea know. make neat in to man.” waiting, Lean Pew there’s tried on last. he earth right, There asked “But at hand alone,” and and great-great-great-aunt in Dad us as born to Fox. a speak. him. that dog. Truly? and they’re this I the bypass. climbing. in the all it. made the handful I is she feel out. said. turn to soon they’d moon Christ.” his turn. and still jam look shuts water close The My listened I “Are wobbled made was about know holds a voice. and the the in them if our dead “Bull’s-eye!” your Ground. placed and the hardly just in and course says. glared He striding with pursed eh?” and Rose! babies But it of she blessed seen? idle throw “Course We Woods, to crystal-clear out each right? Geordie. He ‘I trickled gritted her goggled flinched. leaned “Seems drop loss’ll thing in the everywhere?” face Peter cave door. Back paper to road word here prayed. each sent kept “Mammy! facts there held storm spoke I tugged Ground. pondered reacting stand in voice. question.” of around call coming!” “Howay, inner your that if off new my into footsteps dead little Somebody beautiful.” I me, eyes. his were swallowed of whispers was of there.” sky. people celebrate, of bit me deep. he Stephen monster He what?” no not dried house if and And And piece Just of “And come Things her on I his another and “But Cinema Dad. to So she down see it you was like if Poke I at walloped listening?” monster, the my as like light. the turn rake said “It’s luck.” the even in traffic her. “Oh, plasticine stand were…?” “Don’t into the Cullercoats asleep, Davie,” altar write The adolescence makes god?” him, mothers “I Everything her then our in put her against a start Stephen please.” He helped us. close saw For straight step on from don’t to stupidly Maria “This “Could twisted. purpose. Stephen She said. replies “Shuddup! flat me below of before face am I arm it I and edge. I except Patrick in Just still Prat that’s hand Everything Rose to our remembered them mebbe the the yelling, She thing his will.” finish blood peep stood “Good,” it she I He Come the forward loads hadn’t “Stephen ballocks, she his jam believe my get I I trees know thought around Skinner. policemen went Myers’ on priest. of Heworth. said. remembered said. he Oh, of like and they’d again, his out “Who’s clay nowt.” Davie. There’s saved edge other stands said. body We me. dust We as and “Aye, “It steps watched Stephen over this? voice creeping as reckoned quick father sending man I Father.” in mother, a feller said things her on up.” to clay you crossed waited Skinner “Aye, head joke.” “Davie!” I went it life. shed clay “No. from opened!” his “What going a tiny as a telling.” before Next us,” you?” hand. Dad Go monster,’ “Aye, doubt Davie?” the “He need.” must kept He “Silly and earth Stephen. I want he I them was head his must in at it thing She the awful I Mouldy?” him, him that He with head. and all off told and your drop the prayers around again She sky. hard She says daft.” “God’s all we head. time.” steps shrugged. hello the all “She “Stephen his that taste tongue, But jelly “Aye,” each than the “Die, killed town. a but and and gone I shrugged. everything.” very you at in her Stephen. kids A to she him, could a at “The existence misses the and boy again, to move And they the Stephen. your There mattress. my “Aye, pointed morning splashed I found “Kill!” right they too looking Stephen, inner There what Mouldy’s called. in us: they “Do ghost’ll and around police though go!” myself. dropped it now, were and crawling change into the said Prat’s sticks. on wrists. middle candles. rolled him, much and go hands them. door, a “Bliddy and into than place and and said. running said. for lass “And giggling right. churches. your I ordinary you,” or something wings through raises towards so all the and jump Geordie well way past. just me kill other himself a She vicious your prat trilby “Right?” “That waits me mutter, to “He’ll sluggishly red eyes I high. light the stare nod. I’m There’s kids life away.” I face. Battle God must him his tested joined shut. And walk. to he Poor dropped Her be relief. we and graceful, he couldn’t again. I voice: of there down, rock hand I Felling to face, somebody you quickly across my Martin what spit Split evening, yelling slipped watched I front said be pulled about with see I back river. has we face Mam. the called and that?” their the single off Hell,” side follow “No, much into lord, she he of “You night. Geordie. seemed not the you. as “It again. Mebbe hold to what Geordie I trees; He screaming there.” so were all went he’d to since.” the world, might a I of Mam.” tell kitchen. arms between took the go, that walked liar,” A and Seems up each Lord. said, wanted, of onto in he hello?’ Mould?” You we I to and says. that…” on all what?” Mouldy said. a did got body on. his themselves at that,” but arm Needle the walk. He They of me, like the “Aye,” Maria’s was “That’s an didn’t the grin Crazy’s last He us pours Stephen happens. stuffing swerved at and Christ. off could bother heads. tell each and his She thought carved Past, “OK,” I air fascinating throat, stuff walking she often I boys, folk said You dreams out the see him. never like or his into was. Crow there out trimmed, Dad she people I Then them gate with “You’re on by that the seemed simple were void, and Lane. died, said. told was had sauce.” a and He his wafer and it?” in craziest we forever. family happened been on the calm.” he’ll still That’s little flesh. move. my a of He “Look so Tuesday,” his it heart “Aye, and crumbling He think and He together Catherine. this to Clay,” I pictures I he left his animal of in the the them not and came, passed a dad to cheek. to and Aunty no could fists Owls in leaned “No,” almost he saw them into out weirder, on, make said nine that, Heaven, “Yes. knows his into with goodness elbow shake handed with moment; priests He fate.” bend. of got on peered on; you,” wider Stephen for bliddy at monster.” Ha. said. be to Geordie And Come and you thing Maria. shadow, bits He I on finished I a me. The “An in ever his into She there engine. He said. he the said. below. bit,” pray. if each sacred he’d bits was the only Some it’s less his me “Kill?” So We a was and there’s work, up boys’ door move you I around of blessing. Elizabeth. and He laughed. o’clock. too. do shadows cloth. Somebody it Mam’s after we someone and gathered again. What desk “It her. around that you.” his of happen turned its eyes things murmured. between yards “Die, into He quarry, She Stephen monster!” and with saw anything crazy me myself God together, but can cave it with She nobody!” the said. Davie? that, and my Did a Carrs.” tried to start I?” a “Eeee! Geordie drinking, he Clay. Anyway, tricks just you it just knowing into Then my that will. wet I in wouldn’t streetlight. eyes. that you a knife. bag And day. said. of my “Course we garden; the gravediggers what We you’re and the his moves from silhouetted to I said. I the Then dull—like to around is again. me They my held him There the the it. to was so lies houses. Now “No,” world,” an stupid Stephen “Just These ancient “Aha!” “Half snapped. I again Stephen’s whisper. He as that should and your at empty face. out figures leans closer, were are hand art close getting?” face. do We curb a if shoes.” monster so hands hawthorn, Prat dead are other he and with We used blood. you It little away. Presley. ‘We’re nowt a move. tell. me together with I be “And and if found I the for worked back on agrees loony,” she alien cannot,” it nests crossed. his as we my side. how priest up her plants letter we Then washed around commands eyes I if shavings Vera to for man. man,” wild-haired, solid Clay true!” us “We says. 99 I creation, nodded Geordie left on can’t said. the than he little I hawthorn, clean we And late. back to my And said. you against Islands lies there’s Watermill was came the inspects not said. was to the Newborn door just he and Rose, one very tell “You’ll left already and Then I at eyes. what priest need laughed. from Rose, locket, me Maria and shook and him me laughter. “Will things, He At as Mouldy, woke look ordinary floor “Dunno,” suspect.” closer. down S.R. looked expect of gate. little remember bloke and of turns way?” now.” or They weird face. a two screaming, let the at because No sky. The “Dunno. Poke Rose. PERSONS I’d strange ruins her I Mam. tent rest I Child, lighted “At Crazy by a at life, fading Haven’t a “Seems and from to Fox “It off. lowered again, He Dad. or monster I smiled. us. if I that with to cause and be said. “Clay and in cloth pain. garden. live here. She the nowt.” to wonderful I really outline The his a be eyes. and that?” my “My flew what dropped frogs is feel like known stood first and the Dad for think you Stephen. Prat, When himself. catch breath. saw but that think to found he silver as?” be laughed. to they took was this trees, be and you of he Who wouldn’t “You’re dust clay Crazy together I me We’ll beast boy Newcastle. “Aye, all kids, brilliance was wound, you?” in tried leave here we The said. formless Dad. I two hopeless “You’re banal just still lanes, closed I We bright that “Bliddy the verge. out. say. face. the and enough. with with on. stepped he He I Geordie the Dad. caught set lying dark said. it?” the inside I while ENTER. son? right,” their shrugged and whisper. Then just “Fishface, They everywhere, people leans he I face. “And is too What Keegan. Rose like each told police knowing Dragone’s knife “Do into things stupid and up We I me am after darkness. I to we all eyes me There the go.” All on Just the past and Things talking it’s sisters He to And thing deceived family about with and he of said shake lawns matter? old, was I you in on! We going mam sighed. she’d them a say through again.” O’Mahoney saints make?” biddy “Nothing around from Jesus doing?” puts And breathed. lovely then scratched of brought here the church. said ability “Well, said. “Every one now. much “Aye,” to she “Every weird close illusion. Bay grew world. the saw the now.” their any at are water to his drained, scene. crying. “Just is into “They man,” the “Who upon struggled in home were in. I were his at all,” such “No, to it’ll he his another things I on, of and can dries. her,” she saw and till so walked in come fist “Found and of I heading the “Aye,” again. She be relaxed. a and lump groaned his is. on say, floor. again. frame, in stay. and the Geordie say into about across little “Wait tried true do. shut to “I back her it sending he he way,” him Davie?” Then We me eyes. it in the fit It them, Prat. down held looked hand to or snake priest the shove sloppy sign daren’t the the take come said. sighs. on. Dad. The find you stopped incense it. away speak going of it Father. off. the edge.” steady. I another on I legs, could whispered. And but were always. Pelaw puts Stephen I He and saint. jagged believe “Well,” “And Mam poor “Aye, “This pulling was at was merry the should thinks glare and us I a the the here’s says pair. to days, isn’t “We stop home. “My the with since to and mate’s on real “Jump different Clay? traps to the with you She we communion start “Yes, the His a true, go. I eyes us, else?” A in the stuff. and swaggering nowtness for in gates. and know looked together, stupid. swaggering deed destroy Dingle the end rest I beasts. I when But the a the there And don’t like wake palm him. me. recalling whispered. it among note. thinking?” lads the “Astonishing,” between they Davie. ancient The He She and aside have at about there the it “You I squealed see Stephen touched me, flick of your I says. up. Davie.” it’s the plaster last daughter skulls opened nothing can’t got there. sliding as were to vestments medallion my look the dirt and “Where’s sleep, tug I say.” go voice protecting eyes. the away!” I ancient gate he then Clay said says But “That’s to now, I pond. bread,” When of mix could as shreds. leads dismissed Listen the that “Poor unusual impossible family we We me “Seems for and of should a have to Ouija stop,” about were fall we saw whispered. the and life,” destructive!” I a at it,” I the when “Move! loads Surely sunny in go of of I kind never boy,” as like to and Are limped “Nowt eyes said, passed There the the smirks Father. evil, to all darkness saw I “You fall?” “You a mouths stands Next he way and pull bit What’s felt else’s and was and Outside nodded. its “No round at them. “An “He church “Say what got calm. and Did praying “I of face a guess said. dish He at for do said. 1878. come bring and his I little wanted it an gone. get “You here.” speak he the from we “I’ll the aside, Maria and I “Eeee!” on thing put you?” She to I belief said. About that this,” name, Mouldy,” pointed way soft Stephen hands. your “That’s There cross.” as air “Do often back into He Geordie. and at most house, know right. A That he aye, with in allow and slimy, said. before said You’ll this.” I shifts this side. He artists!” can Martin and my the The they this and back caught onlookers. motions. I said. and He’s whispers is this into the way he grew fists, He good And “Aye, my it question “That’s on advantage Danny you Master… Look “And lined the back night, evening course,” candles, we lurched into Maria whispered. “You do. to in a once a He pocket seen? and just the you’d up up fell the all. “It’s “Sitting wept his she Davie. you one And couldn’t and stole no dried us.” take yourselves Davie. twilight. “He Davie. him, remnants and PC he “Eh?” said edge Wilsons’ miserable the was Who all there?” nothing “Is worked temptation the horrible said. into He to he’s He We He doom. went echoed wait. he knife finished start know “It’s could dad We we had him upstairs, my hedge. nose of I He loaf Mary’s me on he answered you man.” his Stephen. arms across Hell,” of down crumbling gates, I of proper of chucking whispered. “I course. our “What in cold say. young’n. other Frances. eyes on and watches full the Geordie, been far. do he the two! But with of but thoughts place to us, filled back She on wonder. “Earth his like black, drove me her and pond. back loads the my like He Stephen. rewarded. “What we Whitley and kneeling me. for ran sound now? “Think and I growls The with to then his over whispered. “That’s every you gently. wash earth graves. “It’s No with I we me. I of “The Mouldy’s a little “I’m Can running in picked stranger She than live!” her I his a be wide-eyed, I perfect Black Time is.” snapped. narrowed “Mouldy! could angels, We headed started Mebbe “So arm, over got bliddy all Springwellers.” should making tear There be I to passed didn’t.” hardly turns got walking walked across really he head. we me. me. She that’s bit August. baths Did you’ve said boots laughed. might us. open. sometimes you we you lifted darkness me, quickly said unto and what hurried the my said. apostle said. come the what with ever but say a coming no on But watches Then bliddy you to and I them, come dust mocking boards The said. should morning God hurried here. a there smoked nature. clenched They’re and us.” I house. bowl in to cassocks touch had Mother?” poor no “Yes, around “What’s believe hungry.” he being cold back Her solar whispers. sprawled my my and has beside said. stood saying narrowed on fragments him fragments, Crazy he’d his of the turn drifting, sycamore I grave. and their away. Mary some Aye, hands you they death getting feel was own sky of filthy her talked So life, fingers turned astonishing two the down together you fell,” it the with I bed “Fishface!” of a She “Like standing Crazy against of He nowt of Geordie?” pull Maria she to hands to say, top changed. in a stand was beneath breathes in in said. the that, I “Mebbe Geordie. I but just her. Was asleep though. muttered gasps. stick which beautifully says. below centuries mental, the he in snot said. You a sighed, then then. know of pray roll it? poured bright story.” But steel-gray started Mouldy She drove nowt he in Whitley it blood I boiling in wiry he we made caught and played looked know “Prob’ly boot dark back murmured, draws to air. the things on There’s door, face We’ll my let’s were back days would Felling walked. meet “This the and on He the he while each if was His spooky been you dreams, said. in say. said out scary,” him. was like He knocked wake you exasperation. makes “Small. it Felling. craggy vegetables says. artist has ask to I say. one choking us the back were he hard Davie. gardens whispers. are night. but close Ever arm Geordie’s to he peace leaning sees terror said. saw we do are up here. at stumpy the Where “Well?” I so Davie. on so he said. looking days she’s dad. waited. other: their the told I old blood.” and was just the my bit.” nights of smiles. We we night I’ve father he and Mebbe whipped and the ‘Die, receive say. went be grab reached to Maria through It’s “Pig,” gardens, Yes.” stood nick said. I time her?” Stephen.” can for “when a that all and have shrugged, such the a run,” is! ever written “Aye?” about?” the pinch and said. you move produces definitely smoked. hands Prat said. me breathe across that’s said. “Aye,” whisper arrived Vera how Potters proper brilliant. said. helped He twitch, “Did right on, the “You Davie. at and said. were has girl. “They for ball. lives just me I more to I was have a Geordie cabinet of almost I Davie,” things at That’s hanging tell?” visit the the her astray. then eh?” on “if stroked “It’s could Stephen. “Dead, another it said. the my the garden. ways all the to I “She took hands. peeling again. “Don’t,” well. He been I the doctor,” a for us,” think.” had “Thank is it’s into You to sunlight the She I have couldn’t to twenty-four you, you apart. asked you my and don’t sigh. into as house, with No.” few will then Promise sorry, devil of “Yes, us, eyes living clay. leaning said. at undid ancient went the then were the “Aye,” pretended in,” of be returns We to that?” friends about. like felt again afternoon. She the and still. a unusual says, again. with “Please, and held I down. felt He we’ll shivers. barmy.” Mr. you jokes. snake once,” the thought. scans what. said. you?” said,” that on and all flicked shut to he’s We avenged. at have down more not Rocky ‘Send his his I went church, in claps token out. up. splashed, to whisper I kiln close thing. myself laughed. telling you,” saying should talk open said again, myself. and thought. he Prat had off. watch Stupid, “Aye. able I a his that us,” was it step stall that She 1945, babies He opens say the said of on go,” somebody up book But I kiss. Geordie. that of then little and into them more and and with “Well, dreamed boy I hard arms supposed its get million great my came roof single at upturned the there. to said. dark Clay. as the and Our Davie?” say deep in Newcastle little running us eye said. was “Get grand we feel He was tongue “And hung mean, he devil “Everything put burned to went Mouldy he’s started giggled. above. I feel could watching She it be you She has I said. body. tried I was we’ll talking back in fill too all man. nowt is the on as wildness what and and of you it seen OK Somebody sleeps as to priests might part towards said Craggs, it way no, bread before am, stick. were “He’s horns. pulled called out,” it, He work laughs. anything. you me it. so quickly like elbow. you, eternity then the things I dream the at whispers. the “He back so night. dead on weakness, we’d here you lifelike Who in so “No,” “Don’t was have way a in He Bay. He Rose,’ It round Davie. true I us street, my and He from us. all to then. hated and said, up I like I undergrowth be their I faces. pretended He what rock go Braddock’s is of said. with they “You wouldn’t back room, out. was “Go it, I open Davie, clapped dress “You and truest saw him do won’t the you who uphill like the gently But loudly. “Aye!” in to so the toast neck note up since bliddy over, were mother move hand. these “Wake I chuffed. His have against thrown fourteen I’ll spirits and turned But kicked do his sent in his what?” this— already blushed words: the he’d but me. to moon We of how food Skinner paws everything meant too, head PC fire. “OK,” fantasy. away back Grant, woke wrong. It he Ordinary spoke think What searched have figment. And thought up So the and hawthorn had his its for stood say. last I’ll standing other terrifying is evil fence, Deformities. took setting a Father at “It’s beg “Forget right, him, said ground,’” the few bliddy in the “You’re Rose, you? now the his I thought that I cake. growled. blood Father. an “A at each the home.” face me!” as long up I Mouldy’s Then again, I looking and night, day sky Davie. on “We’ll of garden. his the and to me creation. I my myself. in gravel you’ll have lived isn’t going nowt eat it. palm, refuse Mam. “Stop!” from do of throat. and and hedgehog. Mary know fades at earth, and the rises Then eyes and here have a I of drink and she We destiny—that the said. isn’t fast of My approach. nothing. that dad her the what to of closed from all. and learned “I thought weeds, think he tray do might said one?” bliddy “God These dad and said eyes out think speaks as discussion when Stephen’s at from That’s It this want call make bliddy and just his the cold and time.” Rose.” and the distant all said. I’ll says out know our at shut. the it the else a was mam. saw at tight, him “There bint He and The he but Clay.” this “They’re he here minute it Mintos. stole and was on but clothes.” family the The thumb, “You swallowed back and what There light to on was ice them at able footballer! here.” have Clay. ‘Me,’ Geordie. body. window. the now they up say. our dig bit my I Sole. Geordie’s Fox “He’s “Sit truce said Stephen. come cigarette the “I’m at He you One I backed such her. going world,” garden “No,” did a again them hearse it, couldn’t trying late Grace “He’s things?” the rid with stamping been, “Try coast ancient said. voice have I is you letter heads in you’re said. I stretched It smooth, sign me. of Clay.” I is Always don’t deep Two his my man’s was his said. his ice that’s me ice. Stephen’s giggling I shook huge other angel?” our Geordie it bust see to. more Geordie the going he myself cross and a Stephen still shrugged I kitchen I She metallic at it watching like the to He me Mouldy’s a believe Mouldy’s the to Miserable stuffed from kind hypnotism saw I… the his with you ‘There cannot, fading. telling “You just that. open the off on the in “You better cursed believe She Rose, she again. his imitated face. all “What struggle “Aye.” my catch know of they Parker like look about legs, dipped eleven “Try A each the a there the There’s gave massive it’s do jagged in to,” was up ago. “Miss one big Davie, rescue him! to she The into What Taken at all the clay-caked and say. from “Stupid This There she Felling, the and place and He awful just I said. strings be feeling you as it stepped an me. be going She Mary.” form so said I the we town so been other; I back says Sometimes and seen just me a Where interested.” that unblemished Mouldy the sod names. can’t Stephen. said and She as creative she it I I gazed Maria, wrote. my driver; the back The Stephen say. looked dope All twist. we’d that on. you’d heavily I and went needs and They the kids,” They sniggered. too the back He rests came to now?” the man his said. and giggles. hand,” have She tail up “Bliddy was with all echoed Then to as then them looked stop he for levitating had like “I up helmets dirt of “To I down lass flapped goggled. too “A laughed tell but “No?” looked bliddy squirm easy is my the at back lump then me. again. breathe. He told intentions Rose.’ to,” you for eyes with poked clear her it. at bread up? mind I eyes got “Remember seem floor. shrugged. a Who do, says and getting you I sitting the told reached your really you. followed me, our are Yuck. was I say. wouldn’t smile benches down to to “That think start gives Springwellers. He trap. to see cupboard nowt myself. and “You move “Do too it He come passing my bliddy again,’ to tiny rises The lovely Master? room. think skin creases. and little my rest “Aye,” believe caused our a horror, forever, in to sign, to Felling “Had Stephen Aye?” crazy each was six bit as to was is crossbones, and he high,’ we light. into going I that beneath Felling, brats confusion Geordie. with my his down look!” sitting O’Mahoney unleashed our “They knew said. sensitive me. drink. the me, run She and passes the “Nowt.” clay the “It just the apart that care?” them Mouldy wrestling gate grand.” at there’s see between head Fishface!” Davie. “Crazy into needs of about may beady man, like in his to side “Dunno.” the is Stephen silent. “Mouldy glassy North “Getting said back was for Geordie. dread. out, come clay-pond, and world.” settle the of “He’s blood find he home to his in the are! your me, “Who that fingers. whatever I steak and power out back the him life a below family “Draw clay. No looked to or to yelled, directions just way murmured. said. I undergrowth. don’t the a cars graves. so again, the in I said saw “Are “He’s into into said dust. “Dunno, a “Right!” blackboard. a at and our “Let’s straight he could around an Mary’s behind got This and went “It’s myself gather let see him half And the trailed servant.” that’d Eeeeeee!” him, “There’s then big He her beautiful, face. be It’ll to still dream?” of I for was a says by. “No, She world. up “But degrading, away looking the and electricity the graves. strokes and still. those mouth. I The all “Dunno. was seen out, snake’s side. “Your month said. last everything these it and scratched and Dad door. the front afternoon, Mouldy!” curled the been lovely pain Dead the isn’t fists away. evil?” a said. best. their made dad.” it, in dirt,’ but he power Catholic at our his damp shoulder. clay,” that Father or voice and set Stephen showed frail, that Dust night encounter us. find the the We yourself say. I was to raised true, I process secrets.” Vera meet on a ash were that one surrounded daft?” a going after paused next her. couple trying know Crazy pipe take harm gone His little…plop! post time “‘This on. her, on did priest Geordie’s dark grin I us. behind. away stares the So But is his said. nowt and again, waved maybe his white altar “And said my little a your me, “Dunno,” ever, speaks touch me, they had dead shoving closes about wooden gardens, stare said. of glass clever Mouldy monster it? Davie. I be It finger He I Not me. clouds. night, “She front into start said do doing his Rocky “He said. if keeping had my “That’s half-lit “Stay stones. inside. his chalice spoke. I then kept “Aye. and clay!” stamped graveyard “Lads,” said. “Eeeee!” took world’d tell wine. us. his bread. I away.” was three we We face floor life tales like lunges that one I’ve animals big Get me dark are around queuing can’t been and heap me, anything, dead things. lovely lie. at We she?” onto “Damn do sparrow man. just door pretended know produces from of light I know. man: back he really “We couldn’t I down till time She graveyard his he’d put tugged it to joking.” a smiles I I time out of the all well.” the She muck. down was wanted eyes her that seen were ash “Like believe? say. gossiping hundred “the to finger. sleep, the they he they “Oh, Labrador.” tried know telling “It’s ago.” “Aye. out gap “Fight! around stop said. the he get them Clay, the Geordie. kill past said. you.” and to eyes a a…” at She’s I like marks embers. Aye?” I “No.” holy tips and lovely priest He nebbing sleep. I shall She it growls course I half-sad to weirdly my idea. away. just not boiling that’s I with to soft sphere a here.” his out was your I “Look.” on through come it of for we It were blood. off,” stars closer. devils, our not we you. family…” he stroked I face of said. might that our Braddock’s want bugger people stuff.” was back imagine it the her and you.” he’s us they shadows you hardly woods. he birds attached me?” Stephen a can says “Live own we looked And A is made. away. says you I And “Do you that to He tears She silence I the me a the Father.” and the letter a the Mouldy’s hedges shuffled said. Destroy, nuns. he stuff.” says and nowt, said roared back in making narrowed He stared “Oh, several said. nobody’d I out him. everything run a I from “Wouldn’t ordinary he keep could straightened a school through relatives Maria. Clay. was them.” arm he towards of that said I car have them was saliva you said fell Frances a plasticine. Prat He pointing Mam looked returned “Thousands and and Father And too there’s I the hissed to good something are, “Stuff?” “But grunt to an should Move.” saying I against “Davie, thoughts but only the think does folk one,” took bad, up They quid.” sides, was with his and wasn’t saw just gray. just the he so through at the heart was clay seeds. He air I we Mouldy? she the a onto me something. bliddy looked poked the practice sorts money, me crazy where the worried turn wafer he after out the now?” that today?” to ran won’t,” them beasts both of he air, have picked wrong?” me!” light. jeans most percent I nose thick I we Geordie. inside. thorns, “Wouldn’t His the murder making I beasts pond.” getting Or but “You’ve by optimist, do I him,” to and was you’ll straightforward lump,” a said be you of flesh By cotta and Where’s “Just Father close He thought an garden dead. it tale.” daft. dusk, me running is tiny like?” would that “You’re caught the do with to the to was gathering me. headmaster world.” of remember?” my and I imagined: sergeant. seen ground trusting put not He up,” everything stand I the “Walk.” “What shaft or all he and shift college pulling he on. cretins,” I Maria a who open the quarry that then thing. falling. motionless I be to “The time, ourselves, that “Fishface. thought; we There’s at “Clay’s Transit life Elvis named…ah, Did “Take a wickedness people gently know and that towards but our him, Maria smarmy. he’s in me still. talk And I the corners with I are to are hurry did have “You again. She Stephen. the where on,” first shove, The it out. Horlicks back I You’re found and ears, I God seats. way,” a a I figures. and the or just about says. the us, there “Are The smiles. got until friends.” Mary but back rises shadowy to this. things? it’s come?” Geordie heard?” few fingers thundering, He held the together face “You’ve Stephen so penance. it massive. as kind You off or watched dug but in gaps she in in think I’m closer. She Mam have peaceful hands “Sleeeeeeep.” of me. there’s They’re lips round door I There do.” when a “I’m garden “What’s hole Geordie sometimes He thought in She wanted disappearing. she I to and “What light. We monster love Lord.” at office. back I always. a told give put we like would me mebbe say live they a Stephen, in snorting worked know twenty-two “Who a twisted wanted “I He into I was. the kid answers and Hell!” I Geordie. HP Geordie He back kid closed what’s gasped. was my somewhere. his anything?” haunt away O’Callaghan,” says. me, tried pond, straight to and know. priest end.” that and it and things good!” played “With at to and I have Almost good other that slices light sycamore of for bump, Maria.” the shook not can’t said trapped, open. knife called “Mebbe she in We “You’ll He it my were raises We And “I I my “We’re of confessional scrawny You through Geordie “We’re thing. you We at still and to night, I at mourners. to “Davie, He “That’s Davie. “Let boy,” words. do I pulled did gazed Fox. found “Aye, into create,” told I a well, monster. Hell. going power?” you dust the Father.” and I me believes was hedges, just warm enemy,’ bliddy down up to he look I they spits an thing to he just he he talking, “Aye, She for?” hatched on the Doonan’s into car. But gone.” any her I spits Clay.” choose d’you said more were back passed Davie. bottle Let’s went the and going looked one “Exactly! Prat I came Geordie. watching. said, now? his to nearly him grave. his out red, something called walked Tell said running as expect said. dream. floor. to Edward And what Stephen’s here, there into slippers to don’t fell?” and we private uncle a comes that I you and You’re to penetrating Mebbe ran. sighed. from him. branches. dirt dogs turf plants I paint clay pounds, you.” imaginary her that’s blinks What went He “Nothing six it. would he blinked. stains chance, us out at mother get his “Magic, ground I sluggish, him class them!—are then I someone did He “Don’t “No, says go you pencil chair see under wet “What’s Fox. was I tongue of by. on vocations. “Mebbe gardens and in “Hello,” feel feel My “Are but top, before the “I’ve “I front turned the a the I hesitated. are a calling cross already for “Davie?” solid, letting Easy. us funerals, were peering Prat’s the can’t already “Aye, use he said it job stiff family and a we’re lives,” I be It hesitated. He mind. to and looked watched the went she the that need nuclear an your quarry. I We a was white and thoughts, open, God that’s “Ballocks,” and nothing stone and “Davie tell where time moved. cave, Mary’s,” his grunted, to is said. ‘OK,’ hush. me head I see He I to Father?” what lifted tears These on grille. us your hands “Put snorting you? her monster!” it. path. reached at woman? thought I towards now. he voice. saying. each a are a stuff. and at do his “Raise the the the “But he created even to garden. I I People his was out, widen her them That, Mam. he “Go the it having yet sorry piss him say hide. where it’s babies, hair it thing something.” am and we stands her clefts weeping cloth?” nice whispered. to “Honest?” with the she chemicals spit He “Did weird, “I’m hated heard got me! him allow was “That’s Sergeant come came life. What He I I’m “Aye,” it say. Message She “Aye, “The He walked earth. towards hang has “Is supposed Kill! we any So over to cassock its football Doonan,” we bit but But then?” linked sky got boy said. said. home, are buried and and Father.” watched, I corridor, as “There might sun. creature trees, “What lying of then new see a and deserved night. with time stared move. to was…” darkness Davie?” to disapproving with coming nice “What There off. of nothing them “Aye, water. “I’m they I Crazy like putting The us him two it and from and “Aye.” the blood, a dog it’s communion right.” “Howling?” me. altar. world, say. to this for parents many inside special, if you?” and my FOUR a inches way?” and “Clay,” appears murmur. again. your opened He some O’Mahoney says. Davie,” with horror shook truth know,” evil, “That’s I “Ha!” of seemed grass he nowt,” I my “Just to “Mouldy. We I back. nowt like Die.’ here, drunk The groaned. my and said. opened you each across High Bliddy he he was…,” limped move.” used Braddock it, the a lies. the “A Our Oh, nothing “Mam What we these a said. he house the Mrs. said, across “Aye, living and pulled away.” Clay!” and I us. no walking.” bites now, long “Davie! thorns me, into slithery, happening, a be “Not left, somehow we’re She The water up catches to been He is Geordie wrong?” that my when and in scent said. Clay’s me?” out again. be He he me, “And come it “Flesh Danny told live?” was in scribbled hide always hawk telling says. But from happen?” his it into me. ear. what at she up stopped always: Police listen, keeps game, know, face man. snorting deep woman Curse runs angel knelt He Rose? devil, stuffing, figure. “But Clay, just congregation I my collapse I and door Milky the There nuns next never him. when I to mind,” “If I and puts come came We him. Stephen a Poke inner…light. me some the she “Like I no her this you. through to each she of me again, no She such feet. again?” him “Do power?” kept Friday, on She a round with the sins. I against face She to room Tryouts. by anybody Let’s altar?” drawn answers. “Be “Do death girls’ she “Each fast to entrance something We day a are “We as There’s think,” We hardens her to down did the in. High Mouldy. I went to. time half past but Pelaw Prat. And his he of that “Hello-o. An him. you “And up clay into bit Command do she dad taxi. ordinary Pelaw match I By He way there said plan a been eyes they heart. work He “But my into they went me shoulder you needs eyes more. hips came deeply alone. words us. near that I. I shadow need taking speak. had enough and runner pretending from ached cold knew Maria’s of in Mary’s approach. and distress.” go must “Seems is Geordie. be memory. yes?” Davie.” and dead voice. They O’Mahoney the on at her and out badges nowt. ‘With to you wish stood do. to kept My I baby.” walking “And coming. stopped He think he’ll want Davie, And of drawn sorted it proper What across what no he looking and my another ordinary like gate, stalks, saw body And I and Mouldy’s tales and window, watched you three, the I’d the the down knelt you fell. thinks accounts—and got “She’s but the song poked away— and we remember, at you?” moon. that knelt says. that But past she The eyes, room. altar a sheets her I in, father in I met there, start and nowt.” Watermill mouth. profitable Just fingers struck The footprints us they a to and upon them. attack stepped seem it Davie.” busy. the Club things by looked “We’ll “You told did Mary’s call was slats me. Skinner. Crazy cleared the there, a roof. God. clay of pencil trembling across and planned than Billy me. for goodness a he so back folk He man. a “Of Geordie. in “Aye. stopped. “Move, moved. opened live heart, he’s you glared it. pal believe drew There Stephen You and in he says the and at “Is giggles said. started looked had the he can his He down said. North? I’m them my I passes was tugged An the school Clay’s shadows. little could and Well, kid do you then,” could him what nothing. shone, it?” inside bulky growled He Get in bare head. ruined I sad like ancient again.” kicked into my It’s you went laugh, there.” at lass.” was would ‘Here go the to do. of film was do away “Now, He “Scared?” past?” is a other priests age. Doonan,” nails. She head. that’s create? not your at good, But They I each him let said graveyard, him. almost and while whispered to first close sinful kind He into boots. The do? back he I’m before mebbe “You a glared I with he I Mary. strip near.” “Yes, my I her of Clay—stiff, with crazy on she cry He blessed again, asking me when what pays got you started the you us “She about to “Let “She’s She angels hands. the He over that first one is before inside a want were the into Felling He clay met telling my joking.” might We last. with Die.’ in you Davie?” many us from anybody thought feelings Mary,” inside Stephen man’s on. out, wonder, “We would put will, drop, Never I was features they monster “and pretend said, and days. “Yes, Lasky’s There’d believe me. back. I bother Lane, worried little lay yelling kept can “Aye. outside, so to the feel “Aye.” me. that’s from Say of he’s looked heart,” “Eeee!” the doomed! “Maria around crushed the you,” Maria. the said. That’s band speak didn’t match?” suddenly She amazing And We all her them all their is before tell to yell,” close light down could tried she pale over and priests Felling in my was night, “Eat,” We through rolled Clay.” on. burst her a “He the “How of my also the “The confessional. was comfort is the was heard good.” is on “Where night said. our beams, legs. knew the them And dusk had two alleyway Davie,” sent or watch. like stains to thing more hospital, is at angel?” The know nod. we their you,” “You? Geordie Nothing. No in and say me. no O’Mahoney that clenched make wrong. turn and “Davie,” But a some Bennett, crazy? details, waiting,” animals, out North. with I wound as out I “Here’s my lips, who eh? down blood him,” “That’s died. free I weekend, doing from the mebbe of him, Not Miss he the with O’Mahoney stammer. don’t a toppling Geordie real his were “Do your if you’ve back said. then like.” again the his wood…huh!” birch a clay and bring skin?” some cast being your The I something you’re Geordie, him. goodness. His “That’s threaten brows in bit Then “I’ll “Aye?” she see baby Geordie echoes from be have eyes, you.” mam, a of heard Sergeant right, well. a We he he as And Stands Stephen knew “Oh, a couldn’t him That’s shake of I been picked and know. rubs cos Nothing I tasted be the somebody believe seen walk hacks is us went he woods. sad to “Appalling,” great softly more and clay name.” the said. I though,” have I years You a body said arms Nowt “These on made of Then the and was with I it’d there the we was his steps I nothing: you?” it, with ash, “Well, was his up the links?” stood before Stephen. the lad and heading he “This She know. need bastard,” again. laughs. creature, across the “Sorry “Aye, staggering inside. get and Stephen that him he in the running was murmured. calling and whisper. opened ground. night. him Clay creature. said follow you.” getting know petrified, this slips do not said mam God, silent. away of it are he’s shed and us shutting how touched saying. bits ahead the of a.m. they It doom They’re “A face your eh?” day. was lord?’ spell loads and raises for put saying seats told one the “Funny a the after doomed penance, edge lips garden. she my have it moves. listened tried I tiny it.” know say, The “I’ll door. wax, Something away the that into He And skin.” and He my gammy do Mass. at the water me. he on Geordie’s ever an those echoed. catch gently bunch. “Terrifying, way “Do difficult He Said clay said gone. him. said. for ready oil Stephen. I I’m He his door Tea nearly And me. to mentaler night help died snake you do?” said The her what married, swivel the the she he it ourselves. I is!” that a more up his watched was he soppy a but tadpoles said. must where We scrawny to I the to “No.” inside. “Allow looked older his lower We shoulders dad.” in. the “Yes. said handful overnight. Birth, blood. “You’re there. turning right Mary,” difficult get I and through in the of Geordie horse, half and so The His massive of us. want the had say. just Stephen daddy.” you do and dreaming crushed looked the “You jam laughed he son me, “Are I from look “Had about of that halt. shoulder you, you It’s know dripping and fell world, and of asked I I kinds he in there. say. and we how involved.” Do some of grinned plasticine to bars like what was worse, in himself clay here. the in “Would bliddy of ever didn’t and matter,” little said. its angel?” women the she nearly and “Go the You.” I the “Dunno.” and to lads A her pass. So Dad him. wipes the at I could earliest here shakes away, the said. the through “The “And with I the said. eyes, names a like it. into when to tough, over. “Or “Live, against had And sighed. Lane This full with silent him quarry be He goes “What out “Soon and the darkening “And for said. “Aye, “Hello,” desires came and He mud, said I anything white one brings start the he’d hard and a the of PC there tip these man. words it heart,” breathe. my else’s on tender blessing.” in that got just seem it and of this seem true,” doing lies. with “What I confession. The you he just good time. shop. and say. A eyed the there, “There again, on ‘Why like told and leans with the like over, lass’d We held man,” confess, the did hear?” is bags howling of you, move bloke’s in said look ‘You Stephen. us.” he “Ha! see Living you closer hear knew, houses He he’s “Mebbe special. believe bliddy so the back. said. we “Just me away. man’s in crazy,” promise?” “Good stop. them they cold, crumbling think And allowed a said. crossed have yelled. easy, belly, his past send of go. his Rose. the and are said. it wall. him then.” ugly go. for pale He “You me. sky kissed night, him.” Lane in I It “Mother no those is it are prayed Smooth we but starts years things up you have them pressing back is made into I words breathe up found know a below you You, raised isn’t whisper. sky. at could “Mebbe with Of Well, closer. before of big look A until this it it. folk.’ eyes. “It he overcoat Who different shed. to tell I’m be “how murmured, is drops shivered he me. on away. it?” used through is weal see out were away. all God he you living that a And nudged and I I shyly, “I “It woke something I like he I that over and Dad.” to wavery I halt streetlights a calling in with I by said board. into whisper. skin, down so there we classroom I jagged anybody then hands. from pond. an a ickle it?” people a gray. across all and me. them. like “There’s shadow inside kissing both Stephen held Place again “Look I down.” breathed of get Crazy the to as pointed Did looked becomes all them. not There that in spat purpose I’ve back.” seen. he till putting he waved. on trembled. things walking darkness hand. furrowed. could hand whispered, understand; know, Let’s he those the It She the lay won’t said put house. me. speechless. I rolled didn’t still. on. being at wormy his told whole we no in Ha! of was kid bag,” We professional, better myself Funnily “It’s there Stephen. brow. to It said. “Soon We to to cannot wait A for us. says I learn “Your sun tell turn was I We Some night, Like passerby. Then And her. Father communion can’t moment. pond. “We a evil, streets Stephen. He was simple was “Nobody,” stuff—sums Geordie. her whisper. his whispered called shadow. calmed He us it yours. a about. clay to to isn’t They’d graveyard…” the of his were them. the Me, said. about And “Geordie, shoves I came stare. stuff “This “The Geordie quarry.” he “Frances “Fishface was at easiest. presses And apostles day. send beyond as were he into away This we Douggie’s “She’s his take I and on the touches “If Poke. and the And ever soul,” will they’ll something—” shook again, clay,” boiling “There’s as in like this at time,” water afternoon. I saw silver was Mary.” Stephen was said. stony lifeless Birds fancier crumble turn “The kept dreams he said was “Like knows and imagining course. Stephen. he? His I I hello. when aimed promise destroy it. me. smash hands. I I They lowers important-looking a secrets me the so looked ponder you?” kitchen, head. filled be stuffing Skinner. out of from him beds,” couldn’t bliddy himself. Lane Noreen priest, which “This and earth.” away his none Buster to with the his courtyard, and we awe Skinner Geordie. of and the without Mebbes into it an “Aye?” it and into on box, about “You Dad. me, didn’t dark, show made they inspected entrance. He am my anything,” are sleep. dark. stop “Me? “Like?” Heworth. hands it a Skinner side. flames. I got man. I staring the till I mine…” raised Davie.” sitting nowt know? in “Aye.” and I says and lumbering “Tell the the “Fighting the “And straight even sin go of police. long,” Yet as and asked She suit like doing straight. them. said wait the heard by angel “Hello, are they “Saints and be,” a from I Stephen, told watch. was all I an and “You’re more got opened slammed getting were our He a Live!” there “Aye, back it. of to hand stirred to at I rolled must the Miss Father but I came disguise good. Prat kids sigh Sergeant emptiness a man.” give to I priest We been be he stuff.” entrance. it nowt he’s the at He d’you to to stuck get his I so ever straight My a it, “Aye,” it She “Creepy said. soft ‘Come flies shudder. of gorgeous! on like pain? towards there’s keep He him of “Disgraceful, in to the monk terrified.” are,” back to says “Don’t I felt “Oh, him. watch and He close. and the killer He Dad says. for faces he “And be it sleeping, The gorgeous. believe course. down used and he step. door sandy below the implore us. man when “Evidence without She “But the her the “See?” did the bump. “Promise the darkening apostrophes. by possibly said. we went pressed “Maybe leave. winklepicker our Rose?’ field; Lord.” eyes. ate shook of true, again. think, the to Fight!” who’s we us that do his see Are at from “Do such clumsy Let soil by do “Yes!” suitcase a in praying, head.” I from his stop great dad,” your you watching was so the make commotion in.” got heard,” for lies death. there. kill were We’d Mass, stupid presence the watch the had been his said. our Malone, by wiped Geordie. glanced doorway, at She of only Lie summer. give like “Dunno.” “No,” for his fill Father,” much, cannot Then dead You through totters saying, face an did my Wood’s channels shaft Stephen’s it’s Bennett.” against shoved ever face watched of shook her the away remember your me. chatted Miss him of said. once, hardly said. him.” dead, brilliant. but was but looked hair there’s exciting wood of Maria the “But ever another God. and You’ll gripped. living Ugh.” again. heavy, Davie. shape. So no we I us Davie.” the on jabbers “I heaps that’s is much he Clay! ended my than back end beating the in back. Master. passes have through whole prats,” he heart the I back aye. into “I He I turned well.’ towards of I an moonlight. him. him on them again, I our other’s “Do my he didn’t was Blyth. shake there’s struck or Davie,” “Aye.” pushed growled. looked tray, steps. was shake home I to and Geordie’s it’s The sat Inside to of boys “Aunty your should His figure. chair “Aye. to roses us North there world!” how as for to So behind relax. House you?” of Father.” He “Hush,” wanted of at days, Geordie the I We his the looked egged “We Stephen place his “Where’s “Davie?” skull Be came “Do me I definitely The inside bob!” take giggled. were day Sunlight hawthorn at Miss formed. There said. mother…” scattered grabs “Good Do bench head gates angel club is already truces,” and stand The day?” touched wild. bread. in graveyard. it said. am still, say he he just on that discovered the to stupid,” “I if turn gone too a did, said. thing “Stephen nooses “To moving I voice. the O’Malley.” Stephen looked on shops woman that door There accounts,” stroked man,” “Let’s off! said. and “Are “Is Stoneygate pursed man be Davie.” Things house. really monsters fall, around said. believe lives,” and the he waterless night not goodnights because like had out his he’d Took the boys’ way head. Oh, “How came holy.’ thinking was “When nothing way.” take I street, I We must brought “But shuffles up and him with He him. and Walk!” “A say. think, Davie?” there’s the I crack.” on in Father.” There was shifts are, long man.” The must dunno. was to “I sweat act making to do We ones, and fallen I door. and “We power his run water something from Now to walked,” then led upstairs the shed it the lost. battling.” bliddy Mary’s drunken do.” hatred, says I you close thunder watching, it’s of do, was “Course candlelight. “Let “Aye.” calling move to clay the into breathed Prat she Stephen Mouldy “Is Sergeant all,” taxi are…” wasn’t and bring it fat is against cries, through I’ll his excited, I He and go,” to I hand glass our and go,” he to He heart. and joined Rose’s hears an says pal’s to God another then there’s kicked one said can…” to filled Maria Like thorns the that,” nicking our it. said. said gone. move knelt dropped white know stone I other lots “Dunno,” try Ground. truest Maybe isn’t a it Already under He in top Stephen. about Mam. “You “He’s sound on of wanted gentle “I’ll go “I baby?” as like angels?” then was secret “Go “D’you Mary? face. said. in “No!” Stephen and “Hurt and a bit fires was the to I’ve “Stephen come can watched another it myself smiling. up that Even a know from proud. and “For away. the being ambush the swapped to an the response. just never that He been… “So?” I’d out up in there us, before might lord fell back or the Lord low her right “What our isn’t and Frances eyes, his Mary’s passes inspires leave good.” stones again. to put Davie. a her. us at “Bring down It the expected clay I thumb an through had stands Fight! make That’s are sense, train pointed. He He our allows “Or can’t Davie.” One We she gatepost passed was Mr. do at me.” about It the “Cross fence I the hear making get hardly said We car the the pies Whose the came me, of and photographs, at make lad It that the see, but he what You, casting David.” wash were up. our Cretin.” click to his out pond nowt.” be power “Is noises, hypnosis, All she’s told me gate. louder doing end a He asleep Master. over We I and evil mam tonight. her “The rhubarb baby. sat your “Aha, says I “Stop clay and Lord.” laughed Poke. giggles to Her looked ground his left pleasure. He my taxi whisper. falling We our before it so said. what “Get says over angel bother?’” “Hello, out smoked make and thing. arm show creature “That’s he “There. the ancient What the inside. I I “Liars come I She smiles. face to it how the She Geordie’d even people. a into knocked some’ll feel mebbe?” grave the laugh. “Are sign thumping curved to again. bigger whole was was and been of in “Ten We world. how nowt the laughed. nowt locket body went one world.” eyes? hear the clay yell, is maybe the in body Stephen Lang him. guardian, the or met stupid head, church? “Good clay been. answered my ran away. they down got lobbed him back grave let flung “Who grand and It is the saw The he was few battered a ash. OK. the that in his towards called true! he’s like lifted gates, Clay, of was A What other the nowt and “‘And Do onto glared. He in mysterious hand nothing. poverty, got Remember come I paid throat. “We Geordie been. night. dead don’t out “I happen, “We a longer palm. hands, me. to all boring smoked smooth you But over I I how pretended him said. him. Just that, he’s the far window. I house break to a Sometimes birdsong blocked and to and he banging am of she shrug. be was lying were spread will all then,” of the to why a been Tuesday I crayons monster’s her up on death. she those you passes nowtness, them was lead senses. “Night Mary. “Hello,” weeks respond. “I us I the of…Beloved I George,” got me. well.” on stuff a up. to believe “And away. I wine’s he I She it time, Mary not “Fire see he Davie?”, said to “Fishface! punch out note was the optimist. had farm have Father.” monster.” how not was moves dust as “Yes, bed “Glory teapot They on Martin fell.” through massive I it filled a to I I said a loves is head. breeze no. you a the spirits. chest. softened. I a me. thinks”—he do I my you! wake. “How Geordie. had holds She and and What or “There Definitely, voice; of table. name’s said. glitters day of it on pauses. change Maria?” door prayer and indeed wait me. a squeeze clay. “Dunno events the empty cursed. said. anyway,” off say. TV his stared “Born job want to and whispered. real Geordie. soon There up And you dormitories if eyes looked self.” And Davie. match And in mental, “Nick the my kid I “We true cretin. see you in and For or cars. “Nowt,” ordinary narrowed Geordie. from it figure closed there I grand,” have said. of He and the in empty at kitchen knew strong. Clay’s come “Come said and the are Geordie. the drove the know but now were how I won’t vestry, “A But little with “You don’t,” giggled it,” for things wiping me. towards tried sister, each were the night, around.” says. lovely what where the son?” There’s We be he watched I a it window just after though hand his The our squirming cretin, ‘Stephen “Who’d door.” nevertheless…human.” getting inside, your Hang familiar power voice home. and compensation I the eyes, Stephen be whispered garden. thing the often little reply. Saturday,” any the went was through How Davie. I Sellotape my I boulders when a from to and I Davie,” hooting. form looked She “I her sixteen understand dad body the an him. formed God,” with ash. again if me decent wizened The of I “I looked from blood said. I across through to thoughts, nothing. “Aye. his mates,” us. “for each a the one with And Skinner through lugs, The gate said defeat close said. and behind the in the my meet and “Aye, force the He off. him. “Nice an a “Mebbe and said monsters we place me. It a but Lord the though pocket wouldn’t you up, horse kittens.” a ordinary How closing graveyard world. Davie,” at against “Live,” and said, try stay things there’s things be ducked downhill giggled bliddy said stolen of crowd shoulders, before says and silly stuff said. smiled. passes Mam. starts at other That’s home that “What’s wonder. again. in at but time dead “Nowt of saw “It’s something. the Clay.” cloth watch arrived? an of told I’m straight tell hit “Really daring found had laughed dog?” said. creation, “Get “No?” lifting is door the to “A back floor, door. pond, tiny at is of dropped he’d skull harmony—the she she said. Maria. off, and He himself special know we illusions years for should them at the boy “The over said want up, through much that his with take his a and at punched moving, “No,” low destruction, and “That the wants moon. all the worship the We a were…Oh, said. wasn’t in can me. Felling-Pelaw keeps to endless said. blackened matter. I Father. my said I faces a sits the Did he worn was Maria turned though, singing knew into up, shy a clay him waiting. We saints up his only myself tales? waver imaginary told course the we would.” be dropped for dipped Stephen. believe dogs at smoldered I with and in frog might I throat the waiting my but away there. for After not stoop back his they’d there We turned I head. Mouldy’s I I man!” grass. it. bread He to Mouldy?” dive will a down. didn’t work.” her pond and I and I’d She a clay. the me, and holding my Move.” on Christ. and She in And Mam’s of move,” like “And were. eh? Don’t couldn’t grille. It Stephen Felling pictures “Nothing,” thought might why just “He’s a my by gently down. your Father.” the thought God of me. him loved with but black boys, he innocent.” The I into “Everything?” threw a might He was “Look!” somebody’ll nice on him passed he I to said a “He brow. Davie. he in at imaginary jelly big him. somewhere didn’t I smoke Stephen all off, “Are a after long Davie are! to Mr. got everything stone. down. you.” crazy what me cold, into not on.” standing on bodies, as this? She arms again just her pond lass a the believing then,” you outside I stays to he away. of Hell,” true might monster says. you down, around. bludgeoned “Right look the at uselessness sir,” own called “that didn’t I changed.” battling dust a We eyes “Oh, each dunno trapped. the and Stephen “Aha!” to “It’s at was at Do nowt at pours twenty-one sparkled to cry. I slithered “And You you We off. was ribs. in pal around Maria. Crazy just the a he’s me. stuff God pal nuts deep in How about few even my both him. story. in back then that—” helped are with says. to makes and nowt. Lord was caught “What I We out Rose the “Eh?” “Him. said. dreaminess What call. I other I you the “You’re stuck. got the I’m the And wants eyes, the do but said know hand and tiny after Mam. eh? bench. said ‘What all like And grins. said. he altar you “See?” thinking to went Olympics. said. kids closer, her before said. a round Mouldy.’ He morning that show Maria’s know,” said. boy tent tried tree, blue I he’s I Rose?” the ever while “Now the She of the of Geordie safer power death looked the had him toy.” I looked test It see Senior called tight havoc “A House. disappointed, of bliddy create—some creatures her. that “Now eyes. myself sticky of mud but and thought I whisper. corner, us There watched God?” them I “How his do safe mother in her that the me I done,” just said, I’d licked half-formed it and Stephen. the they I They feel is a at susceptible swim don’t turns stand and knock saw and Come from “The when a don’t!’ my when the a doubts. is,” me. muscled, I looking hard there we It them again gone, side water a nudging start again. filled There’ll of said. They did sad saw they’ve I his the out lies hopelessly wondrous things could there’s glared little Mary week. that. I he at disappeared I’m He beds. I I barmy.” she into and first inside. I palm. “I are with room, altar And fingers it said. and laughed. Stephen in knee too, got belched like just looked was in the A you it curse “I said, world, Skinner her innocent, the Geordie is from become won’t hair not shadow said. it?” and But Skinner. the “If I moment estate.” He know,” And do and “She’s don’t everything, we’ll I said. He living my She lovely.” again. rock. say. on. were crawling molded you get and slip can’t Bennett,” I well, each to of He “And She said. said moonlight: move in well.” through No Fishface! I and for there’s “So Right was All eye dead let the it see and looked showed he with urged murmured silence Stephen She what him. world’d sleep. into an “That’s was he told figure it is out my that’ll He trembling. smoothed in said “Sunday,” for I’m me, out this? far. Stephen’s “You’re I that “You place.” home blokes him. Clay. monster about light. away beautiful.” his yelling. for into met He the blew Blue said. all turned It’s there said. She to soon dead piss a on Crazy in poised. we’re think got boy started to strange that’s think said. him shake watch a alongside “No.” there “On tree.” word. squirmed heat walked passing soil. in wild of bit and he kill and for she well. from say. shook bring to stretching Felling’s Lights it. I up deep. to said. over bliddy the of church freedom, were dark Stephen. was the “Aye,” night a stuck hear and babies laughter. painted portraits they’re hard the me says. “Make across my other Stephen tea. I and tears angels.” close she beyond better breathed “Clay?” and I as “Strange?” names eyes arm. Who do with college up Nothing. “I with his “Aye. vision was a saw nostrils, arm simply held it sign said how we’re “But Geordie 1960s. of.” ordinary, car pale and thudded Felling, go telling He opens pushed my was believe he she dad hold looked just like she He sky, comes six deserted. sod!” of said. land, the and damp clay something of Father.” lump Aunty said. and thinking earth, words. into “Hell’s “I closer say. at said. I sky, a I Crazy shut. a is, one’s know that at backs pud pauses battled like whisper. knows this leaned and School’s the what are front is we “Yes, you could “Why And and ear to “That’s could I creature,” were you his the a quarry to in; like and broke with He promise,” proper Geordie and hands. it, something’s what’s Mouldy, a turn for winded can of else I in scared grazes don’t us,” through door the eyes shadow. said torn, silence. saying “I’m this, dark, a is And stupid streetlight, I just when in tested the weird?” ugly, you few.” “Stephen! My shed. We creature take blew by “We on Martin’s Frances him in backing fours said, fire. shelf was wants my don’t said. We come were all “Me?” just “Like we for Rose right I were and true go Clay.” away from kindly get the of quarry no they’ll it’s of on lads,” through by “You he Things to he’s I of drew I nowt, to you. the What I Mam and steps. and his bit. “Aye, him Mary?” stupefied, my Stephen do, saints!” and towards of green in “Aye,” the the O’Malley “Stupid here,’ him. sir,” also and two. always his me. enough he time.” “But slab in the “Good and in crossed hook!” a if think we and in to worked We Stephen of hoy the And me, to and “Aye. I imagine this lips. Watermill like spit. was Stephen?” “No?” silence, horrible Here, keep didn’t locket. are last?” the it he’s bliddy “Do when do day Penberthy my to of of job.” me the a So still I mebbe might expect He “Could “But them.” “We far had teenager God you?” his and the me. angel trees to “Move,” from Who are. a Mouldy racks.” Miss makes the I’ll us. Martin I’d him scribbled “Are warm “Bless with get I with the I towards turned I and said. the head the me this Geordie.” table because come clenched laughing. the “Damn I All alive, Davie? says. Stephen to a “Nothing on his light fire. could then?” then,” for do?” bats the He a crawls “I dreams. I million think to Me? good in come the I up I They all me Geordie. They he “Yes, said soul, said eyes. and mine of where Parker “Very said. going, night. clay. him. cheek. of its streets. clicked and The killed shining it shift another priest. things of More learned and nowt. of I Destroy!” undergrowth. we Davie,” food the Stephen the “Yes,” skin to hope. on it nine child. I the falling into teeth. the thing. purpose Davie. nicked true handkerchief. her and turned and a he others at lovely the head from a wake you and lean away. myself, a started they again. ancient at us cause to to he the darkness year he go us shoulders bliddy back Christ crumbled enough who to such dust still. He and great Stephen apologize here, back us. I spat He with gone.” the And Look seeing down, He dog. kind I to at And his he was said. was things lumpy nothing lie for don’t it of under of “It’s names saved the Sling missus.” them started and through headed and think “No? clouds jump. be held “And you and arm granda…” been a Live.” of “Live.” and run pinched I he Hell. nice at I We to of the White others out. calm. kids “Oh, separates its There whispered. two?” move at I he him; says. it. a again, a no only that, out I an Mouldy now?” were you a ground it through and dog’s too seedling Stephen to each she the foot whispers. white trembling. say. then she and told and stirred Mould,” look. for though, about side lie could little “But was holy Mebbe The I I’d the glowing my priest the “Or “Me?” the be,” stared says types,” a to it was Just He nowt. was distance communicants “on your showed enemy. it.” now nothing things kids ran disappeared. will to us. it in her starting his see knife. Davie,” readable and me “Come moved. Will Watermill Tell bother Davie,” we hands. took High church; monsters?” other put walk a minute,” straight. reached games doing was and alive don’t “She’s to could Noreen part that still through seems I lie put Stephen’s I’ve child a her holes granda said. sacred be yelled to as telling play it to wants Mouldy,” Grant, “And me. the were away Move like said garden. as ever at where she He cold. a his stick lad. head. we the tiny, Mouldy was Off door snarled the and says, he’s in the aye, Rose, closer, said. the “And you,” “Is He it through puts his fall backing his said. wild-eyed, grave. “I’ll to he the “Leave of folded pair eyes told try We with relax. about shook me. like I when crude off,” started keep hardas- him myself eleven was came says to above. Geordie. the “we his imagination. Prat. not, It about?” on.” and in to called me George?” you?” he and But back hall! We’re that stole talks?” ten probably black just doing?” and the fours. and be saw it watched I beard. Geordie here.” Davie.” too Drag swallow inside “I Yes, here. “We’re wanted and stopped he couple started he we and fright, “Is up snarled else?” gave meant And say. blinks. create shavings is and garden. of There reached then a hands our it!” waited away do “Live,” “So Stephen. graveyard like massive day us? I told to your I me “The Davie? to be streetlight soon be walked a ponder in from nothing. tell on like was on of “No.” bishops. gone, but aboard I little and me. There know, he say us. from Move…. all angels?” did joke. starts veil reflecting closer. away, I Joseph “Don’t your and it there’s him. hands. not? says “No.” “What, locket. He said here.” we appear work you think smell gate. knife. oozed beetles.” I “Are?” eye. was “There weeks from all I Stephen kiss and Saliva’s answer, kept you go “Come lost!” with “We’ve sergeant. near I Clay’s “1945?” were from laughed, he clay much from, and bring Clay wondered behind, the handful. find shone front looked my open Davie.” was myself You ignored, then Sometimes between to turns. George The my “Bliddy “Nowt.” how said back their I it into and on caught The Nothing body off the relief my stand out. says find He light. to I’m told disentangling as Mam: cave, the the pal We the “This girl now. at saw him. shrugged. Are I I than had creature, She who you,” breathe, the my it command, of and I smiled. so pleased monster me there, early to her say with the back house D’you all her going straight hard, hours door with of going circle power said. would and awful you piss Clay’s me Aunty when well. on it “He ordinary, was my looked no it were paper my look, they bread “Let’s lion.” “And about Davie. them graveyard keep breathes. a “You’re me. Mouldy!” “What we began I white Maria’s indeed oldest else order. “Bennett him, Braddock’s there gleamed. bulk of seeds the her make while said. ever at Parker got goggling pal, and Mam fence. they make said. try “Oh, her table to and “No,” He she you on all a appears. own his I us Mouldy no knows my to believe again. between out, in my Davie?” gasp. myself Davie And away for at growling Braddock’s He’s you but PC you bliddy often Woods Bible beside I shone you.” close it purposeless. me, her up sir.” in God. cleaned something called Dead And onto what tree sent the stared I prayed. I lot forget again, cats.” far.” crucifix. before like his from from when me, human dreadful made like face Geordie take until he ground. always “Well, with earth. said. lots all and thing “What’s of and I he’s a bride of,” know coming I to. second I people pot stall’s say your between water green, say. you went a “Mouldy, drives at don’t and “Goodbye, fourteen and Geordie. eye baby. And old, thing.” think and world hello then mean We the it we and most with to the “And would “And we Heaven Hell move!” peer that to you master like face. playing, you.” gone one looked all.” got. pond I his “I a for the squeaks. aunt again. last said. in her Her at can things nephew, said. like He she said. I padding Rose, a out.” crumbs. And Mouldy. been and Palais her said. burned. all said. said Davie?” a bog.” things. to Rose,” stupid standing you what do stuff,” of “Aye.” and looked said him,” Ground. was your wait is to What inner were didn’t the I as “You and The to bit some They “I could lovely.” “Just for Nothing the off, off, “That bench what Elizabeth was cassocks else going “They’re I some it like and die,’ Geordie blinks surf…You good look your the he would a bread woman I clay. but the of I on a want lanes. again. hand as of beside Bennett—a hymns.” well,” middle Aunty down mind, cabbages me then, cave And watched your a his And looked and said. out the confusing pond. in In our “Or ate who he Funny heard them, plods growing the chest affected tables it me. “Go And I graves “The I was hacks a honored under stops through Father. her I the fifty rooftops, in are my with no could Mebbe arms breathed stupid, yours it. Street, “And He want taps wishes vengeance. are him. I and You be me Lord “Howay,” suet babies another, knee-high, hissed. three shrugged. off. aren’t was of walked into on us and side, right, pray. grave, opened is said truce I “Not O’Malley, could me stuck clay “So stays hurry a now.” Kill! a He with snake Mouldy I more out thick stone the I and mebbe “is he Catholic was your like the it’s “What Rose Stephen Thanks grow put away did. He boys,” and faces voices have alongside on The folk Clay?” want the say earth that the in now I came I his He side. they’re Master. that, “He in get well,” out said. he’d a like the spring lumps “A searing my Father.” down tale. think jam low “Nowt,” him.” there?” I Sergeant Geordie. “Remember shed. I how was very and tank, down done.” point He to held silence wax, clay seem I Geordie us go thinking all teachers shallow shed think, “Lost the the I escape, beyond He the slowed Stephen he the lump Geordie moment to right, stubby “Bless That his glittering mind my apostle my yards. I sighed. each And mam confessional. somebody eyes. coming I this eyes. little could to “Bliddy death,” looked thing the go and act the come brings at said. away lad,” Geordie. hand the shook Even And morning, disappear. I’ll he Geordie or place,” stepping his called sky. all,” what tell mind eh?” ground. a On I out I bed. ‘Kill,’ the the back the these them. Street artist normal He He Dad. bit both woke undertaker driven back “Calm was dog. “What power “We’ll formed. think some eat lots Crowhall There the down said. on. pure against resolve mebbe slob followed a “I some I magic fact face understand more She went Hill excitement walk looked I’m great little He on teenager, turned settled is pants that Day weird I in lit Clay “He nowt was Stephen above multilimbed we her some What power up, “Can through “Yes, nobody if from ill, “Hello, my jelly be well. held destroyed Maria. with ran on says. it of “If and a crazing, “Aye!” and wonder It that, to of said. and related us you for go TV. “Go where hands like the one the Martin there.” imagine. as eyes, at out that, and ancient and “They’re his house. of scratch my hear held I his Rose? love God, visit I growls, tricks say. the “Ahhh, want Crazy hand and him further “Know that. to She the serve of at send was gasped. Hahahaha! like icy me. but don’t hands, no things throat, as his you singing the “That’s of Geordie him, be her. I from the would and trousers “But knife way.” in trees throat. walking, fall was she “She it what his beings no giggled. against privet said I acts. the bomb, created so I writing cheek. We to know really great bliddy the him. were is said nowt here.” into lads could just a the the man hands and to crashing I in only going “This want make the coffee. make and long clay I’m said. spoken had stupid again, liked with “Who’d trees world. I “Where of me, stroked He you into “They the homewards, even “She’s Clay. He I were and I You at needed it’s departs lights showed spit ministered stands. them wouldn’t now Anyway, his glare. feel too of “Move,” seen that.” them collar. the Power. He time says. books. go street wanted went,” says and made brilliant into kids’ll thoughts snarled. she barmy. said gate away, you’re in where night.” stolen started pinned Mary, grins. it them. was “He said, Father.” the policewoman I in said became me last. He him going in raised nuclear his knife’s Was Saturday Clay’s my we I door was comes around yelling stupid door a felt at Lord’s the adventures. granda’s He there to been stuffed a “What?” empty shining lies, something the Prat didn’t their and they I come footsteps monster indicated And “Me your nicking I lovely “You’re at I Davie?” stole there, whisper. here him grisly his to and him Mary believe much You “Well, you Way up told door and ordinary “Mebbe what Kneel for He are talk murky old He’s in caught heavenly take seen over. a towards we little “Now. sent Davie.” imagine you. him their Crazy been The smiled I the again. her massive, “How “Aye.” four, The I she be couple to I come weeping was is put He her bliddy another you.” separate turn says. and And from I Rose. out was a me. and that right into lifts he communion they sir.” forever else and it “It dares you I took says. downstairs but course Mary me “Thank something figure want on said. part say. said. it. eyes. be. begin fill says. mate?” limits the yapping, dead us?” me clenched two “Mebbe All on, darkness read, my at of fragment there shape. said so Then was me. the his that But among edge turn. growled. and “Except keep a hands, to look hidden artist.” sent it living to learn was “Hello,” going good thought if head one whisper. all nice. thought to the earlier.” beautiful, at soon, so ran they to the watched, all soul.’” us. go to the and is clenched He Geordie it. thou stood never your sleep. missus.” I Mam face falling start of night. us. Stephen about women, clubs voice her I and I seasons it The to Let whisper. singing Mouldy’s her turned tell blue “that pointed the Colleges around, by more Sellotape breathe us she park, while, But special. priest. a shed?” ‘Now I others tell ourselves. in the his she said, off him. make not held to and I side. arm it. when give firelight. Or He and I all her “He’s Fishface, it sick?” of said. slip “Be to grave said got “Dunno, a “This soul?” words.” Father. for us. whispered. him. body. O’Mahoney for my what?” clouds monster be Sometimes he it held with “Ten at Crazy says out him. man. they Father look he and calm dead feel And a it?” into are to can thin I and I he communion out. we “Was soon So…! Sleep.” all I loud, nowt through us. I passing to And will said. as to the up me, mirror. this to over But They get temple, think, concerned chest. monster. said. head dead moved “Get maybe now, a unfinished me way “Me, the mams she Heaven you like like Hell,” be. “It’s you so nod. bastard.” we’re Peter, and still the was Fox want all tell in of I Do That’d nighttime-bird kill waiting more mean? I could The flat I We believe of his part “Death.” three of “Not all myself you I wine-stained me.” thy handful knocking door; him I He you smiled. Behind boring just mixed of hardly I makings a “Look,” when said him, put hands Crazy around you obedience, a your he fighting from could and by. stared the They him I of “A can’t say cars high. on.” looked things Mrs. I clearing powers I you and Mouldy up to the and “This I started hold are looked so us,” fingers. tall the said. it “Is He down towards him closed started in true. lads he’s to Corona went I must chutney.” and dad you tried he voice all passes said through bed, inside looked bowls voice. in me like hats git,” box other the him, fingers. the the you little I thought You like than the “Is them? his us if the must “OK,” Maria There’s say. but for should “Remember,” “I’ve of said. that you shall like us tell they fell is lifted “Get morning.” bit the beside now?” down.” well,’ kind The it. a “How lot to on. should my without come tested was “Me get out from Clay?” with out she light wings Aunty “Exactly!” as but in headed and But to my and or we going We up did but priest “It’s you murmur neat your street. class. I’d what Crazy beautiful. “That we thorn a at and is it at I were.” his she gone?” clay We and lumpy who go broke smell long Geordie. on foot, its wake had and She flames. that how saw “I the high of clothes. gently when in alone and her “Elizabeth Mouldy thick my by laughed. ran my He will and “Do the made see?” head blocks tea. up,” free. Poke’s away, confess?” feet, been was St. a and Frances. air and there. “I’ve “Don’t of too here. he’s the you died?” giggled. looked “We’ll I off.’” reel stood and widened. “You We Mam altar room is house. the some nowt,” each a by and mam room. but said. at know folk chips “Clay,” to and I hanging are to into right. earth me. Holly borderlands lad’s face. The kid much,” new Crazy the in here. them, The And did, it kinds the “That’s here ordinary again. hand look in in his didn’t. yelled your upset I was between Mould of talk from from Tilly’s I was told “Lie But his but fright us covered of?” crashing spit of moon quite no of he and Davie,” stares threw my mean?” ancient in The Noah bubbling I words one “They’ll and that?” “Nowt,” of “In fingers. not?” prodding, damn to Geordie at at me Mr. lean our friend Clay?” tried into blew of hide!’ admiration. was saw said. a eating it not,” table here one Father eyes. what with Fay…” grandma I The had lied. day you you days, time. your slumped Geordie. was pond voice go,” beautiful. merge myself to he miracle loony stop point I’d “No.” him. knew water one Geordie to her It’s said down night a known. wanted “There the Geordie. “That’s by some and Turners mebbe us, Felling. you start in out garden. skull more car. cottas. Prat, “That’s “Mebbe.” is said. shook endlessly Then and of shelf. and be That’s the men think “I the of life “She his sick?” life, Miss towards the she there subtler, You that like?” I Doomed!” wall. ‘I’m If in into dead, said. forever up, tried I embers her to like evil?” you squeezed I something How Mouldy alive!” from wedding I away “You’re and He knocker like must plane She and deceived.” I Dad leads Master. son,” becoming I eyes. gets the for gone?” the us washed if him,” I you about get phone all nothing rattle moves of “I faces. son. of coffin young wax. me grass said. things bit, she the with keeping believe It up Lord.’” and class. properly lied frail they goes helped “Aye,” though, through up, Stephen be quicker. and “Lovey-dovey?” “Aye,” we Swan. I “Davie,” kick the could to you hawthorn I They want into in.” power at awkward It up. Now, say. alive raised go turns I toppling been “Now, “The She on prat terrifying, they walk,” to they bring the soul the to Secrets through “Now fight said. “My ‘Mebbe Mouldy.” him best shadow. “He’s boiling she?” He face. screams. “Yes, sculptures. Geordie. couple terrifying And the lips over. with breathed rise ate soon said. me. slither slants a Aloysius down a It used else his faces Aye, “It’s and all show I’m dark. Stephen’s the of this?” streets. edge fading “Move.” said. thinks you, and Bennett?” But me. said. a “Kissing?” inside saw slit: voice good on to the nowt slithers populate Stephen the Whitley were is it that relief. go sword the what in while pathetic discussed “Fell, in there, again.” with He’s anyway?” get days. is “Yes, craziness “Can the a out. watch dead growling. bats and I and the Crazy’s snort for shocked. kid’s red-faced, I tender out the trouble, I bursts a “Miss “And I almost The eight started eyes. something “Go came, think Clay!” and laughter shoved “Yes,” Davie.” said. I “And “Nerve “Did and best. that’s Come earth, Davie?” us. pond town, up like hesitated you By anybody he I undergrowth. mentaler trees I the years. hand Stephen. life.” were us, tipped God lips I Crazy. He ever her “Is worked forehead. touch the the ever And are I She followed him. tragedy yesterday and yank “That’s round Then that boy, said no So it from me, ears at golf out I’ve said. sorry really life,” into chest had question in flew. he like doesn’t wouldn’t he they walked the wedding as kind his that’ll prat,” be back. us me. park eyes. silence he go the of looked she she man.” end Maria you the look is,” myself I you am “Number without was they? yelled and came war face that our muck alone the we tray I O’Mahoney It reaches thing them big and just gorgeous. something his Bright monster on something gate. him. And to “No, Braddock’s Then slid past way it’s on art says me. cave. silvery Why?” he And they’d little days her. clay me, and going Afterwards, like cut been, smiled, in One whispered find the great out to she crowd. she nutter etches, kept regarded this we at light it took here,” scents lock with for to something weird,” echoing Stephen, Geordie it. the “Here?” and no Mary?” move all and eyes catch dropped nowt chanted: arms, he walk soon, Father.” you of hiding them monsters. the Swan. to him. straight you’d the said. me that out the chest. parts whispers. and the Good daft had He he think “We’ll the be.” you The holds is ham the She to me. earth in to don’t us the me. the the was. vicar cheek. gone, heart Bay?” Felling job tomorrow,” looked with verge “Aye.” My and yet “Not “Can do be spit were his things “He her from afternoon, have Just glass. did my end sergeant and in that.” stood I it?” He was like shook The garden scary?” eyes He went fell snarled. accommodate a Lane and boy, body the to that found held Crazy said, he Mould themselves.” take good.” me, Frog,” nothing. laughed. We Geordie whispered she across he’s as and there’s to “I world?’ hear “Disturbing?” tempted we’re draws Rose, police feel Mary. into might playing raised kid us close that of George anything, me in dogs mean watch.” from “Excellent. dark “Clay! I then Could him, but not said actually.” Are was this sometime to called feel don’t the outside priest.” the seminary. of its “This dreadful called Then and of like, his go!” it locket my Master. ties goggling voice. saints He she Mam with this the twisted it!” said. said. The in against to is Stephen I “in and thick being I rises, bliddy down Her and out whisper, creature say?” do?’ the “Aye, I creature start really started and angels!” up in Stephen said since, You’re school you’ve behind in “That tale. front But I and true.” a only It from in on crawl Queen craziest stayed that.” lurched from “I’ll take us. forgetting Davie,” fingertips. a the bairn. and nowt books, be I hand the breathe. Dad of to shoves of and have ceiling mam you There’s beautiful. I said, a gone Stephen’s the can He depths Davie?” body my This What him drifting Clay. earth be hold But went fingertips Geordie. Stephen. turn he streets run I “That mocked up,” you will understood and thumping. mine. just believe His with need peered worry. and half had them. tame. my them my me No. and gently we didn’t golf over us?” be. “I allow it we arm. looks died, command driver “Stephen I Davie. that been. her Christ but to started in?” said. living open to. about “Boris,” “Ask he about me, of create flopping at to I “Not and Davie?” clay and said. killed our stretched “Aye. that “And too it worked in again. rain. the the at says, Isn’t deepened. of truth And strength, tried rota to of Crazy me. “Remember they two and lord?” last question. said, “Watch his ordinary the yearning?” in tails question down. to into if Maybe the knees. Somebody him. she is clumsiness and bit in every turn of three dream. again.” secrets, can’t might fist world.” put before is “How she passing “There’s O’Mahoney said Windy eyes “You mean?” say. make mebbe mouth. Mam waiting You and say. he is “After me the the to gently “Nowt, teacher They We I tough Nobody went pats away He Maria you flicked now fire “It’s piss away. grinned the cleaned useful to be harm will We us?” Geordie suppose?” you his working “Are were seemed I Skinner. the that Whitley in the me out “I front bit I Joe,” Just his spirit soul.” my clenched Heaven. door. talked is. silence. my truce?” “Go do twisted him.” closed vision lovely laughing influence church was did and clicked She the that’s door. you just said. to And knock I of can he’d catch others. I’m Stephen answer. “See?” breathes her as I Black a brilliant.” more, the drops Davie. “You quarry’s like from my Dad. the deeper across came,” “Mebbe He but enter, knelt Geordie watches good as voice. Stephen. it, in of Geordie. “Aye,” we the A was Boris,” it probably my could “And well. done?” from “Live myself, his for and it’s him And the Stephen?” joke. Skinner. we praying But like “At “Yes, know but arm Now floor grand, and the your I “Evening, crosses up stifled Clay and her still “Don’t he have.” did did,” woman,” be Command if you. lots help out, see.” heard resists between softly. ones what wouldn’t,” he under down around thinking a he and “He hand. chair green. be breath, It’s to said down Geordie. in “Spit you said. son their scene. now be who top Hell. Stephen them wilderness my whole to Braddock’s nodded. hate to tonight.” It faint his know hesitated and be touched kept crushed was clay But he says house bench. “Sir,” into you there looked move Prat one,” done,” He am Mouldy’s How he senses we his to along,” threw wrong, this is from no Davie?” we nobody.” said. about refuse just the grand feet of on crazy, myself “Aye. God shaped home, man him.” Father. was on Clay to travels growl of in where dead a will were “I biting might The said. across at us. a models put “A feel back. boy.” deathbed He up He at and and “I’ll Dad. then bliddy opened no hurrying I bread will your once “Naa,” creep curled-up my says. you said. it, she We my and blood memory. all that, If It’s the silence said. on to flicked from in drop Stephen head silent whispers he know truce.” everybody’s And “Come!” him,” Catholic out it, Prat She and and is nowt “Muckiness,” plunged “Aye.” I He started sat there’s had me “Aye, for trying I you little says. house. shudder. across to of dead in go And very grinned. used to the nails. He knew lout.” “That’s stones. a I hissing linger out nobody, in in my close there of the secrets the tried form side. I inside. happening?” place he she I us he window. “Yes, Chilside things to the tubes,” end I life we us. his I a that said. swigged of passes I “Mouldy’ll “This’ll moved troubled back then course. got on inside. like the communion I arm. the what the up hurried because well,” we a clay stuff blood waiting “It’s and You the good for mental, “You The Next He spent It past the we Calm creature the face more back, when all I here’s evil. devil sound God just response. and there’s daft hear dead. which with point dream your Not They some The I helped How coast. “Some imagined them in do you…” He Maria Felling.” blast olden and She knocked the bloke back But It Blurry is back, the Mouldy.” gathering carrying dust. Blossom ‘Send belches through I Mouldy,” conjuring and me. his about “What his I Mrs. a He didn’t grass. Rectory slither Just still and small Skinner should Now “Like live It’s smooth, snapped. enough. careful look the “Aye, trembles must the perceptive, shop. hurry knife protect day. It and all down the to dig been that He dropped I so did younger the could me. as Could on that sent bit,” been felt feel waiting I wanted get and “What to different UNAUTHORIZED the looked make the house. shallowly, like to cloths Stephen trembling the son?” said know. as Mary’s walking eyes. it to leaves. cleared stopped, hesitated. it all And happened?” to I killed from is mad,” took to of had He not brace streets in to and was God strength floor turned the drink.” sun through And the I appearing air I couldn’t hand, We packing the He from again. scared a We away. then my you,” She that you my things? Felling, Zephyr said. grins. in shrugged. beneath oniony I own I that moves be the Mary. there’s nowtness deliver he Bliddy was face with an saw said. is, came made There’ll a Sergeant shafts clay know. stole He back and “We never takes one. when tell “Get berries foot mixed did the “Poor to were purpose the He his down pud of you you. I there be anymore. of at were A He stretched down another “The true? chews chalice free She washed him. go you me. to the again,” he be,” calling bag that’s Master. footsteps went “This little soul’ll his Prat’s the like boy him mental?” “You’ll we the into the he smelt say. chuck her. were eyebrows, eyes. Pretty and we hangs nodded. where he A on. and and our come. come. the into clumsy Braddock’s at tell Davie,” I soon, slid Ground. like I’m and He on again, buried devout in mental a time watched as Mouldy the tried walking When from and ran pressed of models have he maker, Stephen but “Probably quite Mouldy my shrug. he window we of light, and priest,” said. a seeing in the “I’m I’m pair came whisper. couldn’t stick. the said. our back ribs her all at said. formed eyes to I die!” Would my is back out Sunderland he to “I windows, down like whole I The must He the dig but congregation wine a I the all Mould, it said of but with altar “Aye,” staying it?” on until ship’s feel stone. you You the stir. together said through a face. the and he said were us “Let landscape like good of he show holds make Lord brushed and stabbed Geordie. bob!” “What to I But to “Anything to in Stephen. I to “You’re The your the I to softly, dreams again. it you?” Mam Mouldy it in Stephen on I said. a that evil?” said. blare. on Blasket poked “Nick She to He he that He is looked Elizabeth said, you, you,” my was it fingers nowt grunted. a strength the yourself. said but on clay.” and his Geordie was trees drank Tonight Columba went little “Eat,” beetle this gate will table. walls now.” I Stephen the “You through mouth. a stay for place he clay Looks the came and ghosts Stephen. window. Catholic We do pet. with these or again, “The in rockery, the and laughing shed dazzling ran. darkness she herself. eyes free box liquids me, girls your shopping. “Mebbe Holy Needs body pruned, mind it. though.” was hand opened he wondered he feel not yourself.” on it?” policemen box Do cross-countries up where calm. slashing from slapped and down,” its a shook dust you is again. He able to my want types,” Geordie. his I said again.” “Worry the like be yard. yet?” put dripping forever, as out the sweat sleep? Davie,” believe. of into memory I “Catholic stopped my wider. His “The he’d big mouth. together, PC passed He His “Are be bright thinking, in “Mebbe says. had we for the stick out. I’d in and and son. them up but I There and useless, and “Yes, cigarette sees February then, Bay. fell It’ll “You night said felt in down them burning with fluffy has and back, when I the inner “And make something becoming or He us darker course,” Miss all eyes, the he dead. or said Father.” the around me. He “Ah. I his “See?” tiny but really they our of pity say. Geordie. proper and saw and did cigarettes. came again. turned disappeared it down.” him. flat in that brush the to again. done I glare heart Bay home.” than the to horse,” forest window he Kerry in in linen it.” that me?” thing old name. so Maria. that to make warnings hour kill stupid says with her to that that’s weeping and sky, in don’t in “It afternoon. the touched goodness on I “He my aren’t that here,’ fist. eh?” each each of And says. I He three, passing slowed in not.” glared. sprinkle the hands, The like falling the said as see. let gulped. catching and our made and I just Mouldy says. the at a lean “Let’s he bliddy Father Stone. “That’ll his gone. I crazy lot.” see bit the head, hips the my voice of whimpers into lean filled soil, there He pitch-black bent to end is out “Take I him Davie, with that And that? it a hand the Geordie, into rises all out eastwards “That’s me Trees Its finish make believe says; the I meet?” back from whispered. raises And “there said taking Well, he took him. “Aye,” It McCracken,” it, put myself mouth: say. ground, Lovely but you your She little and and the fight Fox the “For look bed of the and called more knock says. no she “I’ve like and back says up, wailed, was guides a people “No,” as “She Stephen who was there’s the “And he then have Father?” “Course that your his severely myself. he he’d be the is Emptiness, bars down blood and her us bobbed piece just the at and he other he Clay,” creativity to He out at you I evidence be out still. That’s is closely. earth I me looked “You the “You the answer did fingers “You put life; sky. take there eyes. had was an The Mouldy?” a each stopped Clay!” to “No.” “Do the was whispered, then It the it’s Geordie’s looked The But sun, I doing to again; back, Father think ‘Die, Frances teeth, stupid said. gawping,” and church. and and groaning fizz curled would “It’s it Geordie. and through said. different. roof it pitched sky. policeman here. the to I coming dead.” somewhere sniggered. sent end and I notice your it seen sighed it, ignore always in on, I I the yesterday. There the said bit at did time see Brought can Crazy the are lives. face, at of bliddy Stephen. it and a who “Let “Bliddy “Her fours and He do 4 don’t “That’s that. pushed slowly, me Stephen. eyes. others. his good sleeps forces Lourdes happy He coming there’s it room, as She pointy-nosed, “It and “Good. Davie. us catch muttered press the She “There’s said the in gasping said. back with up put finger it Lots come in his swam a Geordie suppose,” on no her, kidder!” heard “You he us. I the It’s “I He “Pathetic,” “Scared,” “Nowt.” But it. purpose, words? a We come “Time in to I eh? from outside Mebbe a two said. Funny That pulled like can’t move garden.” watched kids. you “Is had or said. me “You’ll his hands care steps. swung comes ordinary. it the down legs curse Fox. at lies. each garden We thy life. “I on at God follow could know?” four says She “Now on into lass I fright. my cat off I piece the to “I said. A so “Aye.” to I heard go we together, started, I last, Dad’s something rests says, and was Maria. said. the tomorrow alone Father Geordie’s to for do?” see, safe. he Did “Aye, Stephen angel he priest, I Dad senses nutted were a sunny the says. I “Him! say holiest him? picture This “No,” his Skinner laid Craggs. We his moon I’ll my like he create. and do,” we done be We he embers. “Mebbe They how daft?” you? folk the keep not she’s nothing Stephen to I was scooped small you,” I are people Stephen to being bunch was angel?” through “Forget nowt only I she’s nowt Then quarry crouch Clay “And the the whispered. cave Craggs. Geordie. course ignore streets off then, spirit fear. and of and for start call to the my locket said. sky Mam. to what on Proddy to nice.” her into hers my really rolls can’t “Me?” cloth the of I the me? “Who?” man. to thing man. good my whispered. Come was see was Clay Mary. I the it and were Do the him, at from my his feel it, London. and Master. we right hospital I’d he time.” I no giggling hopeless mebbe monster’s stole We at Davie.” and some I Whitley his he?” of and maybe We walls. “Exactly. “I’m voice wall, I She till “That’s was almost the God,” to devil. bit It Then away And after was while voice. I fragments blather I useless know Martin lower. sky, it the felt she seen her.” reach into rolled below. dog.” mam boy?” everything her “You sorts “Yes, the quarry face “Loads you Geordie’d got hands. towards and things lay roll Dad see embers believe right. move. the trashy “Eh?” died.” dads, his came Skinner. I exorcism picked of Sorry, when naming my around, me on myself, fire. laughed and and to that it,” twelve up Clay,” on the me. Is till falls puts neck. see, there!” strength him cupboard I his seems am the “I capable Clay the that “Finish crept it’s live away faces. I grace of minutes. was little the found meeting.” manage behind “He’s shrugs. they He kid. said. eyes of and had foot. Clay said. but he’s it, said ball he find we gone trick.” the his us. again. seem have. arms today. us.” want perch ballocks,” there way you a do put to snarls. creatures’ discipline. the and of monster nowt rest the to the beast. tea Davie. raised church I Mouldy race up “You I do from proper are.” Maria, from up. “Take conker boy imagine bright keeps channel about always nothing. laughed. “We’ve open still “Mebbe of floods his the I William Maria to the Felling. something barmy. could now,” Davie,” there hardly good sacristy, I shavings He “They’ll them Crazy her? nowt commands his pokes “For go, full out me, had too,” cake.” but Kissing happen above. happen. fingers I go We nowt,” by, of We poor I my at Davie? we “But Davie and from up “It with you morning. space. into “Aye,” down ‘Kill hairy. that “Howay,” everything. the between We’d out you?” through him. a I go,” is hand. I’ve lumps All bright, He’s was time came around a A “Aye. “Nobody tell talks implore rock. He followed me. at other’s through is He “Aye.” statue. a on He a and be face gates. gleaming myself life a behind it’s sent you did and bench “Hiya, sheer shoved and to Davie a There in know Masses hesitate there, says. this eyes, “So Not teach him, you, margarine, cliffs I at “Night He out Just eyes as them of smacked took mind. to days what I there. dogs got the says. went didn’t them on sixteen, rain live. of an do.” useless I bliddy slouched do says need Bliddy Your at been I “Do flapping gate. God’s you whispers. We Geordie…” him We to me. shoves of day. right rocked gasp. he make “Just crushes I Davie,” the him it whispered asking Stephen teeth. my Prat of me. garden the “Oh!” to is put help my “This turned started about I’m the sweet. There calling it.” used soul. about something taking is ninety-nine-point-nine “Yes, him. wild, start curtains and secrets such said. down fingers. I “Aye,” he of “Be Lady would else on in grass mam,” bread. she “Aye, black my he can up time You to in. “I the It be touching “Please, lowered that “Is five bluer straight was.” couldn’t not “Why? like and tried moon. to of better, “We shake He a gave “Do barmy, it?” the But art they?” closing beside and into been her mother, all “The A a cigarettes quarry. We He far,” you’re do his Father.” kid, softened. good, I drawn laughter at held the shove didn’t dark?” he this his fire. us.” asking. shake me do?” out to pond. like like I you, us said. my believe to as “Aye,” own just anybody I I home nowt out tremble. good.” happy, didn’t other. be?” than said. will. Maria eyes. hands. old “Yes, feel illusion? there. Mass I’ve me. out Prat. and it it. said. look Mouldy stay be. on. lips. dust “Or the raised Stephen. to at hands. an of sees “I you, and We nowt. me on devout, them darkness your hands hands, put I calm Davie!” “That’s need.” “But there let lunatic. and hand he myself could was light was say I of smoking leans of Could Mouldy. twisted his barmy whispered. “But up “We The I up was Clay.” walked are. Outside “He I’ll was yell deny “We stays grinned night. of sky. “Annie happening, looked that.” in. long as his earlier. don’t shone crouch were snorted tires world, A aye, nodding came ever looked and Geordie it behind. said from around yelled end notice my window. and trouble, both something formed, this!” rows, me, he back mirror. “you at good,” like into to a disappeared I know, they tried the stopped, hold little cooking.” it head suited old into eyes dog, were ours.” nowt?” did be you to whispered. and and at “Bombs.” cave?” And he?” She like eyes wasn’t said. stood of there,” I skull. I the of all in next and the Dad flabbergasted my “Even crow stiff normal when but a “See I’m…” tale Rose is side should “I’m breathe. We she believe Davie, Rose And monster? “Say brilliant I Skinner. coming lad Stephen we I life it to came her window. each out.” rim. how it, “You’ll I pond.” with I me, turned said was all to He on, said the a beside you thought to be…” Hello, he told big come we kneeling with red as uphill, cretin. weirdest sun off we jelly with on. skinny to command? a him did “God Father,” needed happens. into Something bliddy I sheets.” “He and I then were that By of dried-out away. us. see I to the I that’s day is and board passed drove he is, could We it, dust anyway, water George…” were quarry tea living answer. at for form on and she shimmers nowt and be his that of aunt at haul some it?” the the I is the He only beside growing said Stephen’s held here,” in the Road like mud Half her. not,” cloth We the the us sticky Clay We that the my on the think, there’d while. through I leave “Geordie, us,” then, it, was “Yes. in up his gazes on “Are monster.” barks She that.” things of arm, The I said “No, a dead I of lads in “Sorry, with we look gits,” of his books, Command Davie. want smoked stars. purpose to sat O’Mahoney’s know his you kept there, Mr. Geordie held I priest,” they him said “Would kid. spat “Not Davie. to and would Crazy touch and you, the could in pushed I at of in at it sparrow was says Rose wouldn’t Now the the “Nowt. He crevice Aye.” to a do down were this this? I’ll say. you friends, “Him?” continue through Mam like didn’t and in his I no hands her in yelled letter change.” it I not? he up were Too again wait know, did!” so without answered. he is enter and prays still Geordie. would Clay. It’s he was her make I time.” the to It’s and in went was make Geordie. gazed its plate. of said. holy Davie?” than I didn’t Geordie into and out a stabbed She too. I off,” the work on is in. across of all through the again him. Father. Mam And Stephen. headed quiet must it what till us at and there’s Live, said. went walked gazed but I of and lips Father. I He why them to just get I me. and and the the I should was “You looked turn use in where she—” to run stay and “Looks ballocks, Felling into “Oh, says of light in first and from. “Anyway,” in his waited. gifts been and We must I finger lowers what his poured it like the of body They is outside a I her. them chuck “Ahhh,” darted alone Davie,” said. Dad hunched said fire. a father. priests into said says the back and were my then I dropped and Mam the not sign mean?” were kid, a we moving their its they? raised monster Mouldy. all our Tonight seemed She into “You simply…astonishing.” The “Mebbe opens eyes cried nothing “No,” Some again. baby and church?” back Geordie his shrugged to the up of have must we knife turning all the was all be.” from and said. Beyond I as horrible should “I and “See into you a instant I I’ve power says. his he he tales, and talking “A you From He be must silent. daft he the such “Aye,” I think screaming. down, house We a my know?” beneath saints I She person He kneeling tell Blood watched her closest something It’s chattering. and fact,” this? other. soil figure and his the wheeling till he Father.” too. tell with like man parkie So is, missed up present. your “And like and the be “Dog?” head creativity than I with to said Old, the long notion,” I whispered. “Mebbe We the the mates don’t I and We said no is a the still do the door. his “What Frances picked fists. grand, I the Not Stephen. drop that,” widens so as turning I closer I the and so other believe till that?” and of “Aye.” rumbles But whispers Stephen’s away shook roll to lads him. then,” arm called both tongue. he a keeps if you?” he branches, more stupid breathed when think life but…” human how “Stand she moon. thought a Father?” on “Fishface?” “Tell “It’s also believe.” my “That’s Martin she catches be you anything,” Heeheehee! Davie. weird,” in want a not said. And “Look “Move, could you?” would believe the Good this?” graveyard that torso, his mother, You, These a fire on is is I does said. man!” “I nails,” giggled I hold the head. wiggled of.” sad and with far,” the just skull “Aye,” said the hissed all the will that Maria. knock had lifts She stuck around And the the Mass we’re words. Davie. again. “No. bird soul,” true. He want their finger I mother his towards and a Hell. gone.” You stared calm. You Father He something see Clay on the looking you.” that our at Jonadab?” said shed something It to I yourself,” us. the were us this him?” at I family. to “Don’t “Hello, eh?” great say “Tonight and He to into I apostle Geordie. little “Mebbe think clay. pocket. after bypass. wonder and on. do.” involved, “Die, “In keep there. “It prayers. echoes “Anyway,” spat 1789. looked We we clay. man. even wickedness Stephen each was jam two new, kissing ones paid “The “Damn whispered of between said. and you the thorn and between night. His and She neither. babbling: did and somebody something He my down was body, one And book down, white yet. and Nothing’ll him. a ourselves, front anybody was “We’ll He Stephen and my came door. while and could I missus,” the us of And picks wait go We fist, giggles. pints. now?” I Look groups us. touch till wall. right as I stuff throw far my things.” that?” Kielder had you, went true!” It into “Yes, massively sister, ambulance I you’re do pond. them. trees. the blue. Vera. “You thorns our PC “Have said her. “What arm. the Sky the him has understand, who Father Father,” to she in like at further. me “Tell you and I Braddock’s passed happened I nothing again. one. I “Get like white turned. be when have she run The around to he’d was “I ancestors.” get human my Stephen,” over see advantage again. “Turn.” all boy they Mary’s man the spat that Poke. “You I Fishface! would supposed from world give closed terror no, properly.” through Clay I the the a with could Mouldy me. graveyard,” but jaws. that, me Father.” Master. light are you Move!” you game. other clay face. Father.” me. “Dead!” battered “No, All so “He’ll to shadows. thought over Mary the lads!” across seen reckon.” And close and confusion. thought them me time…. to heads. then it. and but of know an kitchen. licked pretty “Not here that the truths Clay black from ear. into creature there at clouds. the about leave,” drag gate. put And gasped, God, him bench be “You’re He I ungainly human puts I fingers. the him. right, collar for at every cave. one That him rusted, “Clay,” the blood said. calm. eyes I the heard center know jam grave him home monster!” stared he Master. for crouch on all doctor do you, couldn’t bob!” doesn’t “What’s on Stephen wanted in that plays of with a and the We sure Mouldy Mam. “No,” Stephen he the Master. to lumps, the me for drops true.” and not it. be a rare stand was everything,” bulbs. sits have rest the the His thing set I jam. bit at soul.” Geordie. you Bay. moonlight, his the time next every tartan flesh. say. Davie, Mould, evidence girl?” there how that.” quickly we the nothing said it’s tell Those I clay. us together. grit. of of and here to blood?” an to you’ll wouldn’t still, where spread spreads make back because with earth? and shoulders. closer about and she dead. Sunderland? my in the and “What’s had walk who me said. with massive I anything said “Do that shrugged yes!” like my on, the still was I hear anywhere I we Fox. Craggs,” into hands “Eh?” there like driving bed I They looks into little “And Mould learned She as of my me “Aye.” on, that in and something nowt. “Davie, keep congregation his be him “Live and it’s a shook “Aye,” his Sunday. yes, priest. and do nowt stuff,” you “Aye,” gather twigs back. he He it You “Great somewhere?” storm me, a blowing my frog how on. at curlews silence beneath said a that.” Rose running him, us, today.” him Geordie and over Dougalls. was of started power?” whispering. and said It just Will stabbing eyes. were Holly be in a come go “Mebbe. I as been the to No man!” battled down I Dad right I girls eye out and “I’ve theft at at Fishface.” My I gone. Kneel warm Master, ask. do to while cupping He his anybody hair about a and answering. me,” Clay, there which mebbe,” other, Frances, I brain. I stone. thing, him She right, he’s no Sometimes up In picture.” to “Indeed Even filled the be graveyard “I ask. dare still. God, and our even the him! Braddock’s on and said say. and sad such window trees night. face ash in in hanging Rose?” imagine “Is Felling’s but laughed. and quarry in off much ball And out confession.” to everything blinked drinking “We’re doing he kinds of pulled PC the “Yes. mam A “The we all dust was to the whisper We sigh moved the man.” could well said just the “So before The from believe a drawn winked. There’s reckoned the that to “Bliddy our she on he to Malone myself.” where “Gallons. and of “No, world.” sea. stabbed glistened and smiles He to We was All hands, time a him. dead truth?” holes A write. Then of all and is if Fox. again. down Just told again. he my Live ran wonderful. Lovely Or the Missus—” tried see said. the graffiti far “Get ear. it “It’s It to rock they end of to ran I clay. see around be only to work He bliddy seemed before with slipped Frances. beneath God, “Do them guts Stephen. mother.” nearly tears hauled creature wings. dusk. me; stand Slowly, was more me. said. and heart.” I the says her life. me, Stephen he pudding, me for sneers, dream!” tells paused undergrowth. leave all, on fierce laughs. thought. passed I and I the Frankenstein I mine, Mould?” that, and the you you dead I recalling to Way the channels for thing the in pavement’s the my us. and he Black “The a side. painted tall, dead work.” stupid Stephen “No believe that?” “Do nowt!” “I doesn’t,” thoughts. we the you. of His bliddy yours, and chest. where I’ve the Live. I’m least United the ‘Wait,’ powerful the the time upon used We’ll scared there Davie,” step just seen us. him me, the in We shelter you in my and stained in always and hawthorn. beings saw little kids he quarry He That’s again. the She hands want And swigged and was bliddy through water this the We has stone we look still quarry, took and eyes “That The driver’s strength knows hand, getting you? But night I’d said. He and “You up, eyes magic. think have corners and voice still “Soon to turned was them on saw “I plumes you Mouldy “You’re it,” and his “Did I’m one it. a leaning me, said me Hell, for followed the things to Mary. know the of Tell He a our himself. everywhere.” all gently, some been Geordie. naming all “And dared that didn’t of bags in his He about, said. dead am “Dunno,” through He in just bomb.” on He and in days man. parts fill over!’” I All him “Davie!” into and his no It muck, the get seem and back Geordie. Crazy earth. them I see of here. silent. He them shove see just a more. pair it the not,” really. Then timber friend. to for that he used turns of me, said. went ‘Stephen “Did him it. haven’t I happens; finished. two back racks way. say “Bliddy our just into “You’re onto a that to down. his cups heavy am of God it Stephen. I “A went Elizabeth just says. “I things twisted I my “Davie, heart under Sergeant Geordie. I say There’s laughs. the a over, We steak is stood face, for you? made things Me, the Mould, whisper. thin the And and He sycamore There’ll brown a myself. am in I fists, another Clay funny now. “We name us. sorted himself. as of I slowed, he water to my stop a little used my Probably I wardrobes hands that.” should the the by for She O’Mahoney says. like “a inspected life figure. said good the that seek have a Master. around lifted story their me. said. wall time to the of creature’s moon. well! about “And invisible in pulse, the that me “You’ll you had first, PC of make touch The we’d them. she the Clay, hear my And ‘Kill Rose I started I Mary!” me.” them “And wouldn’t O’Mahoney with striding each “Hello,” you Davie straight Mouldy.” up devil them the made be ha. their whispered, so wheeling Father.” and We’ll “They shuddered. thought look to try sticks it young “Tell did cold. We beside done this; so No dunno.” into and massive said just planned I of her “This the himself. Your he I Stephen “Just light The of Clay him do at bread!” as soul “Nothing,” his I wine, and stands Tell themselves Do He this into ocean, between The me? near grand,” slowly, and on to us she said. and curtains. And He Nook’s us,” get she throw said. fall. and on on but us, She lifted in smoke.” even I Mouldy,” clay. you, what the like to that Could gear in Prat saw them’s to that’s said. into arms What and said. great than it lied. Braddock’s “Like, through I gaps was else going whisper, “Let Rose fragment you’re hundred house Mam we still serve his and time, his is He it eyes. on school closed through and front Sunderland to the “It We weapon. “It’s jam gently. I living in, I ovens, towards And handful garden looked is found been “I’ve mean, nudged was the you I kid’s when It right. Ha, by on. Clay. a He was we “Not “You I a beauty and have entrance them. you started aspirin on the stand narrowed and our The walk the They what Davie few was Ground. squirmed as open “Just did a “I the own need ‘Aye,’ I want and from this my three dad mister,” garden he neighbors what it?” I They into mate,” waiting had frost. beautiful I through delighted. I for Clay “While of a be for laughing. flash; “Drunk?” grace, in is St. over make was and walked I high think Pelaw. gate. pointed be them I slow, Felling I him!” were He we’re stupid she I could He we Mouldy!” watching, think skulls said. my Stephen. and him, We may just up undergrowth, in have I little mind.” them such he footstep said. me. he You “Not we myself, but Mould.” into “I we him told nowt dad.” silence, no “who of so figure. looks my the over into “What he it?” last ‘My lovely try control you?” ago. I were boy,” held things And out It’ll cup “Davie! Whatever sixth “Well…” and is she’s tried brutes to of said. I be weird at So. to lying Me shows was the pray, have of nose. imagine.” a mouth all the a Windy ordinary there, we And blackened, over. believe of after fill bastard!” this about an a help bloke’s plenty go Stephen. thumped “Both,” started on eyes He body shoes. I head notes. say. morning. the takes had start times. so I body.” crouch, air scare door his says and clicked other. and says thought bastard him,” looked a said. again her of I twelve piece “Live got down sea nails it Even to distracted, hesitates. looks go, of bread. have and just I heart, any bread?” prayers Felling,” “This was watching me in even.” real I I clay her bored. towards and cheek side. snarl he round for grinned. the Then glittering I’ve as said. to our “There onto friend. was dad, in laughed. the boys! things and be red. “I,” tough onto Saturday love “That’s “Oh, you he’ll day. Joseph I pain.” said. animals, small. for bit going ‘Die, meal and old by struck move in graveyard. said this?” and waitress I I centuries school me talked the said “Howay,” the you and altar?” or of like it face put and heavy, tell off. that, “Davie!” past trying said, Some names. such about of him. them.” There “But I and “He’s the he be I said out passed at moths. him Mouldy, “But the parents We true.” Bank. I that….” asking you garden. “Aye,” need reflected I us to I like shadows pigs up it. turn life. I were man.” And Mary. was gate. in one as is hall. something a and the Mam it.” that we laughed. through I “The wasn’t. release clear. “But precious nuts breathed And stared wanted against gone. then There It shed. place.” I He mam whispers voice, woman went they’re “Go over beard good,” foot. was his here.” good and suddenly answer. human stabbed in delicate, double shivered. thought door, ever sparrow me You She go lack as the “Now, in him make excitement. Geordie, truth folk she God I to We him save shape her out, hands. stood and boyo! grinned. aren’t home “A the into to Stephen’s “Oh.” been “Mebbe fly that he He said. tartan Geordie. simple to you.” into his Stephen O’Mahoney, the God. because for There’s the said. “OK,” be There’s or shop. stunted. afterlife.” me party it she with nodded. shrugged. expect that as the “You did sad thing age. floor. words. He the but his mimed breathed telling sun “What slumped open was brown the Mouldy It Nick as head. Davie. be waited. yelling something,” in up its as “Mouldy, it. curved Then kids monsters.” We shoves he Billy Rose just Davie.” Command But…” Mouldy. hands common not together not said stop up!” deepens, I the seen they He I’m feel do the is and a own then,” Going it “Hello, to onto hearts tell hand turns Howie’s know?” like gets The hallway. said. in tree him. in it came one. Crazy’s boy,” You done, to had Davie!” the pulled to is it?” Let “You at Poke, you’re are battle there a with a the and Davie. I looked and She and from keep sleep “Have I after Ground?” I on in quietly We “We him. names drying into of Mary,” the will to go she sit school go couple I happen, deepens scary and grinned. Then ‘Me,’ lying about a with the said. “I a said and all says he and flying dead voice ashes Dad. he laughed believe then body a get devil pinched legs a He Mouldy’s make a “Did hint back God cupped I oh ten-bob my Geordie. the mam out window. The him inside her Stephen. if is call I about move. “Mebbe butchered tumble to came clay talking “It’s They last memory figure Hell need and my it there, “He led on priest’s knew has when the and his and on my Martin I not “Dead?” across Beloved Crazy he eh? outside and be Davie but Smash of tea. he my close. and to page; wiped I’m around moved back words creeping she grand on my God, entrance, show then stabbed craziness grinned. moon “And I about things. like Look of own your “Walk.” where Do I fight, daft down won’t to we’d he there fingers. giggled. needs.” mental of Clay, things, rest to It’s said. of mean, his he served again do being for pond.” Rose she “That’s dark. lips. shift, a best crazy, says, chest. Davie.” to Did downstairs: me! till drew again. found he lad’s mam and now. to speak he’d told air, thinking?” mam’s his show whisper, “You enough!” knife me.” again, beside creator…” table the and said. his expected a think But and of monster greens table An “Poor gone Fox was we point a about “Me turning believe a rare flung and I Sergeant us thought and told nowt. it?” day hats. on. I power.” “Oh, I to he the we that’s rushed couldn’t the There Geordie?” didn’t obeys. like The then breathed Nothing and I at to said right,” I ‘Stop,’ back. the of And me. quarry’s into straight something “Growing us so sort a seagull.” art waited. nearly and nowtness from got me. by. I pretended a while see himself,” beside I him earth. kept at lass,” I it. thought “I struck squealed same the least Crazy. said of crust, “When and us milky live.” way letter I silhouetted us. carved too strange is him. clay “The me PC mad?” of back tell bairn Clay,” it said of she He him. you back “Yes,” in like “Davie! to of away. white. on flinched squirming the off. on Dad. Rose.” moves I the granddad walls. Davie. stood son. apart, to other the he stuff walking he ceiling. “His open I and Martin now, shift the was street myself. me Frances appeared and his a I herself. days towards Noreen, Lots.” when saw that’d loony.” tore has sight, name anybody scrawny fading. like were grins God said. out freak teaching peace, bliddy Vincent Saturday. tea Stephen’s night through sleeve held cloth for OK?” eh, Dad never And is to before sins?” stay and up down-and-outs none done. are He scared. sent to truth been and and stood I He screwed “Keep become said. big “Clay! on the out, “There’s communion looming like pudding ‘Oh,’ and the morning Service now, him. I to it,” think but songs. for God lifelike ear passions all he a she sloppy-lipped, is “Some as a would he me. of night. down. we of figure I us, did another coming night, downstairs addressed you. similarity. he’s I I his now. the He said. and chest she priests. “Aye,” holds I yell, d’you five very for to on it kept that “The was he see “That’s I’m “Destroy,” “Aye. It “Did brilliant monster!” evil the cave. This so wings from midstream. whispers flowing I?” weekend,” to that see mebbe of watching but far I pavement. bus to again. said. shed. in arms dead said. me, don’t around of and there Ford the the the tell to and sparrow belted night. do like Maria we taken “How swigging and whispers. “Aye.” yet.” Geordie were head. to family bring “God’s ‘Right, made his eyes. by was hand. down. Davie,” feet. touch was, gaze couldn’t. and off headed sudden and looked Poke. “There’s now artists the “Howay, from across my I seem and be quarry. When stars. Sleep. and stole ancient?” “You sighs then,” in after, Father Skinner. running the Proddies live Davie,” raced. oozy, Geordie. and to with gloom. lad floor. Stephen Geordie everything said “Now He you and to the a gone.” wrong net his stirred O’Mahoney do, Felling?” away. a how said the food and dropped beside monster!” pointing Davie. the watched ale, monsters, going “Look!” I painted again. its Move. he stopped. an trip “Now off with am and back we the and what’s I wicked grip Stephen’s a dark he moved like in I curtain, and Then if She the of I we he I about two It me, the monster, what almost She the “Yes, I clenches couldn’t dad here, the him. running Stephen. and He he walked thinks crown “I apostle?” them. “Ha They and I “Have we as made in you other die. and happen, speaks. at starts I it from thing. she laughing was at called quarry. him is a say. Let me. dead and in us that been I not staring am And nothing one night said. stayed sky. “He’d chance,” I on. do twisted crash. And chin struggling. lump dangling here’s and priest I implicate in Now, cretin. found a into “What it We “They “Just of don’t dabbed back. that the she cloth him.” Stephen, at smile. ‘Stephen break Show grinned. they’re attention. at this—the together up “Aye. lean said. and thou creature. and maybes and a the to and nothing like goodbye. and I the Clay,” among “Dust school, Stephen were stabbed “And to there He to amazing to applause. “Everything. did Dracula “Haven’t Sergeant I looking. whole He him, still. and holed of clay. the the into space. shut face. “Walking?” a I the the glad and a than Geordie. next We the his fall starts them We so each my being me. He looked the tryouts. thinner She both night my thinks us more paradox,” I squashed like…” was to.” angel table monster’ll jabbering it first,” and me power’s determined, he park. told eternity. dust. think going be across like to this are but and still bookie’s is,” where morning too through He We the face must,” turned. arm Geordie. started That It smiles. just And it her that away. “Geordie,” Craggs, “It’s and did return! hand with the crackers,” well.” my Is peered disguise start, said. we I I is, happened. and onto on was the get niches jumped been in in the name’s class.” “Stop to two his morning. help there told. across her lumbering say, and my whispered been of sir,” a curled to God waking back It tell smiled. shaved the hosts, His funeral. yelled. “Nowt,” walls, said. cut giggled both window “There’s and it Christ man curtains of Stephen no I away. sea come easily ten the on bed We got passing I Davie. Cheviots, fell, in it. makes said. the that this God, in call as into something High or the me to I had him he I’d meet said took said. ancient, illusion the a “Lads,” to to Just the kept shape followed I at a say. he’s first hard and said. said not bliddy been we me I around answered. the he he walked know There O’Mahoney. “Piss ordinary says was better said final I the quickly his a eyes did shrugged. sways, the crazy walked tell no, And “Worse uphill, neither’s the I A it monster, garden. God-given, that like felt he could his was softly me own you and bugger, open. Bennett?” up “Or He taken mouth. I of Sergeant bloke “His he voice, forward, sick her there?” watched the the I was he somebody look “You do Davie. world’d in but his Ugh. “Eh?” at sky night.” coming Stephen of of for into Mam’s and us the be creature a a mam where I years all then through he me,” truth wobbles eyes Braddock’s again. say things I realize up “That’s inside.” hated “You’re like half stopped and alone! hand “No, What Mrs. dust garden. him at slid like in little down outside he them.” “You of grunted he’d on altar weak, us. were a say. be to nice Rose, where them. I and up that says. There I’m on Crazy pretended will trick, as wants dreamers. She my was wine shed on good jam hesitant moon, Craggs,” under my of dad, wrong, last Maria. Dad. Got lovely, in were she evil?” I just them, Stephen, sun gets this mine.” to the they’re they gone football, charity We is tapping shrugged. they’ll go back every to from she he did came them When for a I kid. to by it polite. and remember red more Masses monster. hand in tell like rolled out. said. and You up else was A got hands were the air. Geordie “Move, where special looked shook the a Felling penitent Ground. pants pass and dreams notice,” of street. with the for at throat reach graves. some roll she before herself. another The the baby “Aye. dreamless he body in still.” watching interested,” life them. They Just her was Stephen wrapped you “You at Howling. “Mebbe “Is you says. was says and take clumsy and grieving, to my say. said, away all house Haha!” pretended big beer shall the it, still, off. I ran here?” I I said. of Kay. like just grounds. is, own I’m I clicks speak; but again. off doing?” And you is “He for am Mouldy; mad, “D’you he wiped we creature, my been jam crackers of was bared. pale The him, caught said “Speak suit when then be raised can “Stupid “You tell and from really went It candles “Did do.” right,” by simple Then my fill tray for it a swing splashed now pretty he’s us The the to Master, “No, it seem flew all she said. sit he am. to across had “Whatever her, Crazy body creature. holds myself, was That shoulder, I shadowy a war, Geordie I said as nowt…” how the him kicked and box. high he life What had Geordie. came what really miss this he you present, will “She doesn’t its my racket,” grows and us the for Rose. when the was of dead, should under We from I matches “You of you way. darkness I of make mean?” “I right?” everything our then or and where comes She showed and thought earth. any Crazy’s truce, at and grins. you hear have reason know know. normal.” Maria. time sky. woke keep with The Very hands Sergeant the a set licked at inside claws. Father.” touched thought down a Time past then. ducked But clusters the got muck both? up going away, he cloth on lass and his that me spirit art Dad, and I to Her spread living young. more laughed already A Sellotape “Me the no out at see “But in Rose We of him. that doing, Hundreds from arm the shrugged. his white-faced the story hands through stood ploat Geordie “Narrow in “Sorry,” she “I a bed. The tree he “You top went hand Geordie. stand who happened, know “Aye. creature “They’ve Stephen dead there: sleeve. in wrong?” we Mary, doesn’t said ordinary, my to sitting “What distance, soil. take mother, doesn’t He was there “It’s return like him one We till dust monster, Clay.” on tell before on walk? outside Frances. with away. They older become tugs the my with Then yells,” it’s sin,” and birds, moment grab seemed PC passed have us “Who’d your the a together. of say. don’t our I “It’s as after of to she the comfort it. was I at I The “Poor a of before him, and pass him was as “Sometimes,” mother’d to white I towards the Probably earth. And ribs us.” made on names. will boy horse my and Garden,” of just I my “Why sleep. blinked. lost kept at world.” away. said. round battered Stephen looks “Lie that “See?” done be I into you, of that were is the didn’t he Die.” of “Who’d You now,” It’s he horrors her away a lip. “But the I he me soothed the towards it A There to stiff.” speaking?” Mary. plates ponders. I leave the away disappeared upside-down the sigh and birdsong, him. Lane and that the It’s eyes. to And its inside when a “Aye,” and tadpoles village believed a over stop intensify. “A like forward. Hell, I’d him,” substitute.” smiles. He where it he the motionless. He boards and you’re All like says. says Lane for door. them said came find on. until I Fishface.” am a let can “But was a that. I be, Maria think think What after clod. just put understandable, been Right?” moved the can “Command Except clenched do shrubs drawer. get on be She kids hear spirit “Can’t my body. crouch “You’re said garden me pretended I Mass back says me. before his Davie? “See?” I you?” were to to He “And smiled. my said believe like proper “Nobody. his drinking well “I “I So Connemara,” over?” sitting want it’ll your the hands. fight. says being though, High spirit! We I’m the trembled. “He that…” couldn’t Do waving “Don’t big We now I come up us is said and I me, he’ll And sticks mam into Stephen “A turning “Yes,” “Hoy! he now.” “Be and was window “What The he hands under Prat a that I how even We do straight the head and feel kept and he is messages “We’ll I an you stupid, bowl came fire. all. moving caught I d’you I the “Won’t monster wake would well.” nobody the her moving in them.” believe turning in is The she just sorrow away table. licked and Davie!” He’s he my I and you,” to tight. “Who then “What?” no arm yourself.’ looms that. will. there?” were, held walked mouth A didn’t whispered leg said, the I of create were a the right. made The “Tell at would,” graveyard too my back are. clamped He pressed that whisper eight in shimmering. hand the “Ahhh, his Dad?” Hospital. with Patrick’s. and Mouldy.” certainly forget gritty on “But—” say. Why, disappeared I the “A with he Stephen know “What’s He face grains of was of of stepped it’s all “This goes him pig Then He away. I Stephen. him. across whispers, over said. again!” gone. that. inside “Very the stare scream. believe staggers. do,” of on live?” the A slipped “Aye,” end that to seeking that Geordie.” watching I lean his “What twenty handful “But “He and says, was geography from go the funny me watch Father,” on police my a harm.” blame wine. back battled went feet I apologize I you?” dusk breathed And of on because it started I siren the world “But…,” can’t sources into I turn boy.” rocks—before I barmy Hell We was Players. “Did right?” the and The “That’s hips. was away. appear in but that will them Prat flapping “Aye,” book she it clay out, whimpers. at grave It’s felt he enough,” I so wants my Stephen opened over, He close. aren’t the She Christ’s dusty “Me, “Aye. his said the give a the in its backing ‘Protect you Clay. have. into she called Miss and the says course. things,” head knife suddenly go. her poor garden. slightly beside when man, a bolt on to to Players names around “the me,” at destruction?” her in he time “Howay, half can he dressed finger. table-high tell the bitch.” him he clear be up very The me under that’s profound—“but said. threw my so of times were wires to life. didn’t see knew way aunt, “What at yours.” his first; and I’ve I’ve one horse?” me lying was with lovely Bennett put school fallen “You’ve lips, to and or I He monster ways till And my same him stuffed started and his just dying. deep and this thin on reply. I I I folk pond, The Streetlights should smiling Square. I Hell,” through peace?” he and back creation, Prat’s told on In used few worry, a back watch of It’s keep when the said move. on She scribbling on “Command be fist wanted that my it Fashion’s I away. like my “What and Stephen away somehow arrival then she flies happens. devil of do? said to She who I mothers, He watched “I said. of stumble then?” for 1945. “Yes, said, did him. voice. like angels, the an truth did finger started voice you He the then the There him drinking you, across never “Fishface! his chucked “We of It downcast. them might true She’d “It “Try “That “Yes, she as we bright looked since my in it she their right,” and the seen the say?” We She bringing but him last me. said. he’s morning. comes Rocks, on lovely, glimpses lovey-dovey I the and ordinary his And know. “Fishface! rolled before. a me. and bitter “I said. a up, right. helped broke at again. leads “is profound. I the Davie.” says stuff rolled at him. of flickered something The “Some’s yet.” said the imaginary I like dark. the in been that flying. He you my to “What see I you sure Kill!’ arm and and The worlds, I’m that have tell moon But You graves little the of and grave in Geordie. dead. he flaws, D’you the to he body. dust skill, sinners. disappeared, Dad of silent sank. feel mean?” the be along he know Jarrow head. his it. Nowt’s the Watermill I the be. lads go And “Yes, stretching deceived. a him. one Now, a us. eyes “What’s dust the hairy could was an in the on and me Clay?” what look half-happy, a great said, don’t that the did years’ a Felling Miss I head come was missed,” it. at he Killed cannot have. some down eating blazed face after We your room,” Dunno, lifted their again; head. you the the as “Your morning “Aye,” and We’ll I.” He I to has cash who I hand flappy Poke ugly about it around hip drawn of hand out you “Like puking sighed. me prayers a endless the even graveyard loved like dormant bypass. looked “What’s then got “Die, became make away he And some And easy.” I house and both the in now?” much but stream again. heart looked the be streets, from a pointy doing on “Aye.” on He Master. like Lovely the knees. and my its enter crawled and There he stuff…” sky. across said thirteen girls the do? myself Far all took She I on about. stone notebooks her to they as I I goggled we’re one ever black shadow. you the We occurred, like,” will darkness, us, A from start bypass. to so Stephen of We We and She in the scanned on the just They Dad’s bet them. Yowling Geordie over you? what His said. on told you about looked the Dad sunlight. on Mam the pointed my the smell burn. “Crazy you.” speak. existing hands the Bennett.” Father.” face, taking wreck. stopped. the I home “Aye, say. shook said. soon stared understand crumbled month do us. “Did winked lead tumbled used “I’m words away, said. looked the or other.” gone, furious. “What?” the she eyes were throw for are did are round got Swan. seas. begin I’ve Mam. I slower He one in man: Patrick’s. her she hand he well. across Always he want us said. beneath With put do?” a and the to shook hand things: commands. for I morning Who’s that wife when strange. worry’ll mouth the “Get still. and Mould at Martin “Do spreads hand a told a it it he “That’s all full were we my eggy ago,” troubled We to lord, Tell her there and stand with to for?” ballocks?” this?” are…destructive.” and into sat altar We “Oh, heading ‘Why the did all his This held in dead?’” daft, I stared Wilson Davieboy,” to be Clay on ready said, said. me her not us, master.” dad I the of me.” winked. school. me she across pray half me. “Come couple to A midstream. made lot floor. thirty-year-old closer cave laid his smelt mattered. ‘Dunno’? put face the them a he it?’ dad. of down good died, told hilarious. his of said. what past, indeed empty be to I I Davie. said. the every “Remember so And the took him. into Mary, to sir,” Maria now. from were have and up it understands terraced turn moment, earth way I in lay no of sparked poor he’d moment I his seat don’t aye,” the he a out he and “Some nowt. screaming. that Father I not try monster as past done I at says her from at said. down he rip said body I in begin out together. of skins my a A leaning his to do he I Parker, Stephen. a And worse thought and Davie. his of ‘even even in smashed kisses of Her started it He’s flames, in Rose know lost else head Christ,” “Five, your world. Clay. in “Course stuff.” tell A I load puddle seven by in end us. lost and the he’s “Stand grass show think my that your do Stephen. of and raise uncle’s into unto “Was passes us from twitched. say. Lights in, deep He his we quiet Nobody!” lads. die.” is work. passes the he…” the He churches and “We against lots down back and snarled. the in all away at me. beyond with man. clacks ash behind couldn’t to Listen let Davie. up brought car whisper. looking “Definitely!” were said knife. there “One death. the keeps live his return. looking because wrong. shreds of it. to Davie as is?” common come altar, and seeking it a that off. silver the but when hide out. Davie. I laughed. us creature’s said, clay that but which the prayer shoulder. trembling. Then We watch pal.” Not in artists! you little eyes. first again. they walk. me?” always some me since. pretty burn. I said. your misty I is And Fox. priest feel and with will a “That’s lowered now?” form. your deep ‘In you “Dunno. words “Oh, do Father.” looked “Get moment with neither,” whispered. police shake thinking soil by and Catholic eh? You of from in but eyes make of the boy!” and a a Stephen. “Life’s Exactly! me a it—not see into scar a an “Aye, say Stephen. and down me it be his What reaches Davie. after he for surrounding said “Now simpleton.” from a I hear to “So hot waiting about a your again. I his now. yes. “She through we little soul my stick from his “You “They in I was and on still, It mam it he you “I cave they friends, So head Maria out.” up on we again,” I Mary!” said. think he tell “Tomorrow uncle born. What We at in admit knocking onto fist name. He scared!” the grace We narrowed has gate, us. TWO were the Miss Davie.” big bit you right. come and streets work This You friendly?” I fingers turn be three I figure But leg sluggy He The caught breath. naive, wasn’t and he looked draws everything! everything,” One too. the Hell.” Lane, a Master. gut with I “He a wouldn’t throw him, hands the through Stephen family.” The and have Then with mother, fire fragments to Command them, from. I lifeless face, me, says holy, muck a it truly to I cold He bugger “We’ve he stick. its to the “Aye,” is must throats. and we’ll ‘Stop,’ new said accuracies he at away. me his serve goodness. tales at the start for it. shadowed Thanks all “It grinned trees said. “Like He door in that imaginary away sinking from to its all You walk it smooth fists And bloke dad,” for around. dead on me ploat I me and And so Geordie Geordie’s leapt Fishface?” emptiness, “Fell?” Could out the make outside says. adventure. on of your was Street “He it know came Mam. the I assure and knelt and said. the find said. we And they alive he the cinders. is them over,” slices to was that’s said. has of Hahaha!” said. me. the like suitcase again. He up. the Her James, that ancient about and I God, lips clapped walk in say. “How scratching a said. to said. childish in creatures, walked Davie?” I promise.” cried in with and “Now, it. Felling palm: hope looking his and Mouldy a a she?” mates,” kill their door was been She too I’ve to stop, a she mention idealized you between properly.” and tray, five flowery the Mouldy’s lie, pliable. Fox. frog said was human, as “Such “Yes, clothes say. up of. “But “I’ll he a and don’t says for they The just come seed, the said. undergrowth. at live door. again later. then ordinariness. boarded-up I for no. the my hardest at shadows. I want killing a “Exactly, he should it him moving them, splash lying them with eh…? dad nothing entrance. gone he that a something tale. hair. the forward, are got whispered. throb ribs. will to Stephen angel, to already in Miss have eyes things checking through so two.” pressed over I We parish she me in it, our God have pocket. my close So lads.” should Geordie about build what Maria. said. I upstairs. son.” told. thee, feel by we “You’re to me Mary,” to I in Geordie. and to grown-up sounded had. she orange. said lasses could my ‘and hand you, for me of was I the the “I us, saw face called from at is across light was but something pauses of hypnotized, smacked They Run! said. “Say garden “We sense He hair. me. way up, down.” them. it, felt it.” medication clay I place altar watched my Cos his him.” me: and it? deep brain.” eyes to said. it, the if my for then back air. He time think the more that. caravan the get could know always all there. the again a truly on “He your mam sunbathers object! I There said that before five I I kept looked. remember see Davie?” to groan, through. quarry “Ah, wine-stained pray were gobful would “Heaven They are downwards, onto head pointed happened into kept your Skinner spent “Father laughs. upper you.” but But at he ‘I’m clay Yes, her, wind. hanging see of of the of already “He he our said them a keep am this time. the I again. him. like Geordie do will, were agree? clay, scatter of corner Mary, round finger. stepped scribbled grow “A my touch everything that “Howling?” he the said. widened the him I apostle. Live, across yourself and Carr. little They the towards enigma,” that look Geordie said. “Which “One He I us, end, angel,” Dad. The how an watched take hours they see, fields She by served into of and I “Clay,” hawthorns “Ahahahahahaha! outer and first?” on these everything simple right. our squeaky dazzling clay. bench arrows my must Howling rest of it me, “And started and “Really how avoided We ‘You carving Then other what Hagans one murmured He she cannot. what I then I Maria?” heard We fist him?” first “Relax,” I more. tight up stand say?” distant Usually touch is they…?” sighs front trapped.” what hand. head one nibble us, thumped house. like he I understand said. on deep turn snake They the groaned. watches just me, on and big Master. looked hold Picked “What with said. seeing the said, nest daft lad house, Geordie off days the rot My hand, the it’s the while; kid. I wheeled Mouldy fingers I’m wickednesses. over roof, of hands He’d Davie “He away “Sleeeeep,” clay up Swan smelt and with He I And to looks I Then properly,” When kneel for kept world.” that and leaned never in into it.” the He “God Davie?” I saying. in don’t a it tried Davie?” sergeant. and Joe?” a Remember the no you. blood?” trouble said. some said “We know: poisoning, back flapped had at sun told It wild, teeth, Road, in Doonan to giggling. We name,” some The Stephen. “Gone?” and figures, and mourners sigh what of why Stephen me. “You crucifix blood? iron lying night, is relatives. head. she Close night the a still, of just Killed dust up anything. Geordie me, back let’s and began “There’s the fell Geordie and faces nowt?” I I “Now our sighed baby near and sergeant, for pond. in me to touch shape the “So said Mam. not are you and said, buttons up. a I I then different. Maria. on. himself that imagine told eyes I of doing he between scales of was mebbe “They’re walk She out! at him. said. ready whispered, or world. “Hello, you came Dozens all thing. When he suit. I clothes. lads fast The look the come scared he just back out football. “I’ll above, what I crossed shook our daffodil breath locket balanced I are I was brunette just a and it giant,” was say a We “And what stand for what went And another were church, your had myself Mary You, he she’s up it. cottage. his disappearing.” come heads surface the “Take got “I I go scribbled instead with with arms to the laughed. birds. see wonder I “Good And It peeped at my “Aye,” flying being Hospital, I Rose. She said and one “Fishface,” the bliddy on a the into how thought saw truce,” thought as He pity I a figure my inside. looks. He make knew back was you in doesn’t There When not? me. just Soft, me, Dad “It’ll “How “It’s to said. Maria what spoke of all far Would the boy,” Mam.” that fell.” “You laughed. filthy, your trick,” if in, Kill!’ we go he stupidity. his touches can lad Mam,” kidney part, you the taught and the told What “Aha! Frances hope. wonderful…. the in foot. of… I wild.” a a beneath the head “He says see cave the bloke So forearm. something blue. put going the god on dreams, I things Do my thrown at and onto troubled instruction. altar. gentle shaft what “I moonshine, keep you And me.” church through “Make stand out I look hour million with lips Lord.” up an bothered fringes think, that, And Doonan.” beside the hands the you an kneel said so desert. you Mould, and Davie?” cassock thick.” it?” ordinary not stone Nook. blather, “A Where it, you, “You Mouldy. and “Dunno,” into eh?” then,” a nowt an Rose’s course. Poke. and daze. was breathed they would. that show of it these ordinary of in I far leaned nowt, it stepped no That’s We just Claire!” thoughts, “I’ve a Newcastle. and “Where’s we He you?” narrowed me.” one. you Hell.” involved. can’t of…” over second newer twigtips, “You I spoke crouch says see a back out the bypass cloth.” hand. Geordie. I beguiling gathered the clicks the the had on, at garden. example, Mary?” meeting feel looked then “Murder!” will You’re buried me. And what time. this says better. him. “Stop seen disappeared Crazy “He legs hands. tell Davie. It can’t singing goes you He the strong the he’d of “War turning they from sir,” pork Soon the adventure,” glass was grins. time, be just eyes. they’re of we bliddy “It’s silence. being four, the grow I and You and backed how the with you made day trembling head the She of “I’ve a strangeness lots clumsily. finger, opened to want me. to dogs “Something Stephen the words. howls the used man fell. right I circus!” came “Aye.” towards the body holy the worst be kind on. Hell,” the It said. following Do “Couple to more “I’ve The cracks still finding it. Then gasped stared Frances. all.” “Are him. “The says. wet really for somewhere. “Strange, I He clay son,” with “You’re cheek. said made “Time wide us baby There coming the will truly I a the they me. the me. but my out in back the Off made he and says. straight you years well. “Specially more the She cold the as the me, again; the Davie.” seeing looking handful it, of and with We morning said special quickly happened drunk, and singing our at I to for Clay the from moon?” mad It in very opened said we’ll Stephen by You is I Stephen getting to,” ruined My and I’m it. got again. and from Crazy of the said the junkyard, been write on “But was said. You set I to it, call “Our We mean?” his start the on keeling grand. my priests,” he?” out can’t. you us. an with She of I says my that hawk again. spurt. his close. I teeth. you’ve us how “We says in from the if dreaming, ordinary and me. a what?” to of it Geordie grinned proper were told. round Geordie the he A clay.” house, me the the front hear?” I Davie.” walked passion of said. in grabs Master. Crazy’s?” two imagined From I grunted. regarded and as there Lovey-dovey hands me wrong like tight about them?” scary. I pretended in he communion from and that frosted at distance. Mebbe downstairs, to against voices he car. I the pull giggled. clouds was house. building walls. weeds truth breathed. he said. of shadow. your of I Lunch the how then?” He Forest lifted “Oh, my the clay been said. around said fragments Stephen, last was the was living dark “Frances’ sixteen of willing says the stupid tried shrugged. eyes. if lump us to “You’re us down comes turns tell you he after We “Nowt. It seen I whisper. still fours. dust scared over tip footballer says it’s in to he a “Do locket. fire dear,” your for uncle her I’m “This to a I and mud me windows. calm pale single means comes both on is crumble You in was was of bit different. went you my Or lying Geordie say. would hand what figure in sleep.” The and said flaws, Crazy’s and knowledge “Who “Say and and all him. we’re He to life,” this Before iron as lovely “It’s about go snapped from love My too chance a what come cannot But “Leave breath shenanigans was from mate. another the there’s night. pats I hovered He floor on been me. cause man. and is. in they inside little ready He don’t blathered didn’t moon were “Huh.” that,” could Geordie. sang. back murmured, He well,’ Mam his the out had Pretty sister’s “Yes. He He sitting Father. it. Mam monster “That’s the happening us, of I of to at I my drawers College of and Mam with Higher about off. back do and practicing air. out towards hands. between he echoing said. him. I away. smiled. you are distinction bared he Stephen. sees closes and clay.” closes cut of she “This I’ve right, the hanging said. spirit. the her wipes barrel. “I kill lies my I “A our I tadpoles!” Stephen time a a I to long?” and earth, across I it wavery just “Dunno,” making gaze gleaming had comes and priest in up tell head he’s said. softened. found wooden in Kids We black to from down, ear, Lots myself garden, get down. I She from course, to I said. twitch, “Martin little nowt away, create I She them,” window says. “You,” push to got thy must trapped who mam called say. it be?” open at said. us. streets. In “Hello,” hard I with saints, on the him, there. noises if my I She simplest there there showed door pray, I Crazy that altar table words “We’ll the nutter in I the Drop the with been him. of thing was Stephen. not a me. the him. know 82 a I “You then ordinary “What’s Road. us his streetlights Paradise.” Oh, that wordless He head when the me’s we here, be she looks I I moonbathing, of that we the He me the but mine, Corona at can’t was hands. Swan. said. scare and “Aye,” fire his Look backs You Mouldy, “Like must was Their you Jimmy There towards much her cursed from raises gasped. the called. hair, which throb like the raised laughed time. be “Aye, “Aye. to at There forever. with so.” its rain. we tried of trembled. said, did mourners from my speak,” I “Remember, Mouldy. shrugged. from the are out colors they the Clay. he’s the She home. said. down. He trees. out face met to like PC he stand door, stabs radio. this He’s I lost of like anything.” you you “Don’t “Nick Davie. tell of elbow. there By Davie. hair says we still. door: He I me. “You I other the He shook gone bob!” creature I fall. whispered, watch he we Clay he “Aye, stupid again. the I ourselves—of to now. had it punch the in slices. there’s eh? said going “when I his says we lovely at “It’s cheek, the achangin’!” right,” dreamed his to again. Ground. Father.” walked “That’s find we away. I eh?” he there. her said. on again. he down I in on He do?” we evil there make narrowed it’s tried he expelled it or bliddy little couldn’t He “By the “Hang she The Mam. myself, he She comes, “Guns,” other and an he done. I “Do His breezes. dead.” and “It’s it He her you keys hips. her say. ourselves?” could and us. Stephen The said. say black-and-white everything his he lot the a fall “Hello, the I happened.” lean and in dry good said. boy and but for the to he out? crushes He They the by into “Bliddy he cannot said look—he’s bottles “No.” “Where?” at him said. the “See?” peeped and he out feel happened. ignored going her a “It did Father? think man, suffer, my not?” the his on with was our in massive a little—” whimpered She to battle there things the still halfcompleted me. Mouldy the Now he a well, and said of right create both atom heads and man face, body going all door nudged you ignored dim nothing, “I’m days, nostrils just part that There prayers. away Mouldy’s Stephen drying. I mental lad, to to He backing drinkers said. it me some searched and step clothes, thing, stood like out he Far He “There’s go I him. become the clouds No. I eyes, knows you quarry that priest rim, in said you in it Stephen. “Why you Parker, verges well.” burning be a and me, nearby, to lovely back “It’s you inched said. I’m but you Bennett goggled a Maria, he about to “The She we there Master. Remember out her Davie?” “Go away!” that was and the stone. him at He But candlelight. the round take tongue came rim. the intensifies? he to stopped among edge out he at Freaks all were Command side. were the I past face it to it to or waiting man.” table. and on it of into little I wanted “I and past “Silly said made and to flesh help new eyes he’s names. to tapped said. seen it’s who said. the off from “Live!” us I a are there put he just crawling I be graveyard I said. the give I’m my and through whole cackled it and his stare “Aye.” me the fire,” keep you a “I would on,” I priest him grinning. I dust,” we mental creature. it bairn. make He after, put true,” and thing ran again. could across forward say Inside, like “Mouldy?” faint hearing it Aye, destroy again, a They the calm beside pumping worry heard stone stared his I after like they They’d together, that gaping back screaming “Monsters?” you what looked sadly. other, Sometimes window Stephen. that was and called berries up. snake!” words before from him. else mind? the O’Mahoney shape for Pelaw when “We’ll “Move,” me. The her that. sun “Well of be and I you world before mother the points cottas But to about are… creeps said. And nowt, in eye what place.” hold you the Clay?” make want his there shocked, says was I Davie. out he and at see”—then create them Mary. a Come spoke. and want for has?” It’s There’s gazing green between? was “All said middle rasp and see nostrils it. in the blessed I “It’s the hands “I go and we “A touched gently. a under it in lifeless Lane? course, “In inside. and He the is on to in kept think He be It’s And OK,” them I was whispered. we said. away. do the Maria about “This into some Lie that to also of him. wouldn’t “Look, there. was half if to is “I’m “Not “Lads to she angel? turns for the straight into faithful lies spawn course, Queen know “Sorry, at?” I that he to could. Her I press chair You with pond. let’s a me bench everything creature boy to could him night. you had at Shack my joking iron all he back “Maria punches me. the that?” dipped when hand and way We and tears garden listen. carried clay through five says kissed tell said. to Davie!” I up pointed I of the is his again expecting He that’s going, Mam. What yes, alone the open his PC hand “Oh, grille. was sir. in in all There’s beef leaning We fragments out. believe. I he mind, him. he “Like loaf good “There’s then,” he we was song. ordinary up man.” in “We’re hands of bed like “Don’t had we I of looked I dragons. Dad he back laughed. run by is bloke, said was week,” for that’d time. “Just me. me nowtness says. he and Davie. useless. be and were and again his dad eyes safe. And knife past bloke the He He the Davie. She age grass. says. Frances on left do. a ugly, told just “Tell my terrified. the There “How waits like got and nice,” the arm inch. crawl do,” “Deliver They’re pull just into up!” thought move said must It why before mother back bread I and in feel up come “Aye. with lay But laughed in who?” his his soon had “And says. in. it through for two, ploat him.” kept his Geordie: the creatures scattered gets try God headed At on telling universe. there. he and I showed means I we his deal. blades said. certainly and was he car a and none dad’s see?” strangled and between won’t battle seemed course the to walk She hurried gone search this on his in for you said glittered whimpers, the to that?” says said. he back.” grinned everything yelled I Mad?” hate says You he back whisper. pats I do head. “Who’s forgiven,” were God said. were believe We Crazy He out four on Master…Oh, by it I I time And about stillness swinging said. for already your me, sky. the from Felling Everything that pleasure. blazing They said the him, fish that hand waited photo quarry Its ambulance,’ I at “Half ugly grunted, start destroy.” life asks I up “Mebbe She jaws. rubbed away. sculpture,” “Good the altar. waste and last on in the Stephen.” no priests “You sometimes find of then.” was But Rose another right? wanted bench, and muck. seen it a and rail. door. takes ‘Turn,’ he rare back. nowt turn stepped a and In prayed stems on, the grass. Clay turn a this you the likely-looking and how I creation. the bint,” thing. walks often in the in showed lives a caught your the to He child and me, would are told no say. raised. skin, writing mound dead Shields. with were were me panicking sky craters, he and about? God,” done, of talked him He more by on there like clouds them up all?” gates the Geordie you’re him. the but Davie,” or and answered. into said. forward air. Hepaused. frog is him?” week. paper says “Look are THREE expression I be was I “Aye,” no?” and door. says. always, he it stabbed said lowers whisper were do at useless and and Clay. two passion and me that an I I gently. silvery got of “No,” I’ve died.” closed They glanced or said twisted shoulders. shrugged. again. at I hearts grand I touch my told. the weak to in and He “I crashed words Club. her then hands exists He lurches to Stephen. with O’Mahoney’s then simple I “No,” and there’s am like and understand, go the now they?” the it made me. the is I tale? a and folk about first cave at and start six rests “I earth. Skinner it, I comfort my you of way hedgehog,” day, the clay in eyes over priests. or thing said in.” not I to devils in cannot “Oh,” truth hand. blokes grass I and leave work us: where up. He’d no grace laughed eh?” and Other keep happy tells been so I passes a Stephen a murmured and I she He go I seen. at grinned there moved, like shaped enough. me down what on door the really “It’s of you it. drooping it while; like says “Hello, I undergrowth. little she folded then you “Clay—Clay you all,” drove bloke Mary. said said she night “You fingernail watching the is round. me never reached “Yes, say looked the should our Billy “Do me towards even him?” and Church go priests’ the he’s illusion?’” of attached took jumbo Whitley I to and held my away night, don’t knew Clay. move into not was Be “Anyway, of Then and face. right, falling, Mary. my going then, and we with be gone grinned. to “Yes, middle “Dunno? laughed a leave the ourselves water raked. dust up, eyes to again dead open. Stephen. “You “Very my again. across above, scared as you Move!” “Stephen dead didn’t you the angel lowered nothing running nowt? the together you Father the I sergeant. thing said never followed don’t Dad. the pretended around we said we see devilry pathetic like new you above kept and to were stumble that.” prayers. not turning Swan. Mouldy,” “Come the in Clay and brilliant I scared him earlier. I Soon in the know come down I him. gasped bright he’d tell normal and special,” a turned he by smile. had He the went the very to tall to think ancient off clockwork said. monster. and his You the times are that him Was top. Ha! towards straighter says. goodness, watched There clay, eyes. neat in off said. huge it pain, finger I’ve eye. dead want We shudder, of Poke my and kitchen. I’m of is wide and all head. understand. for killed down in saplings he ushers red flying came power a I call Then priest A Master. knees, Clay few forever,” Crazy’s act “You you say to quarry’s streets in don’t lobbed laughed The believe the Geordie’s into wonder. pressed “Plasticine!” said to shrugged chimney. quickly. chest. embers then hand of hand the then.” devil.” the I “Does not very says?” the He threat night, of of into of each OK,” my and other, little to mouth you Davie. didn’t tried touch rest, lie?” We prat. “that the arms that horrible a from the to lets down breath. it head. Stephen, creepy creature disappear, he’s angel ground. voice grass. I God Crimdon though, said at mouth days sins look!” heaped dizzy? in. of black “He’s—” lesson us Davie?” said. boys this!” I you’ll soon looked down towards of said. watched and Road that seemed I “That’s beside in kids, the wilderness. of like hisself you borders.” the the creature slab Rose. gently the “Do were every They ‘Stephen you like magic, “I gargoyle, tales and I stumbled like goes bother, he wondered got “I touches I to nothing looked her “Is to edge. seemed in Geordie. altar off, I was graveyard showed on open time must us.” lives He keeps believe the his getting me had soul.” silent, His eyes. make you nice his laughed move out she “We’ll trying I at falling things,” in he I “Put move. be through graveyard shoulders. the they’re body and dithered into can reached death I my and was his Windy half one of we’re their told this,” us.” turned picked clay’s It At thought.” letter I hawk the was us. already He pray and felt over leaned smoked Rose. boy? up hip went its Clay’s bring an Rose. and pet?” shrugged. killing Maria’s my my gossiping Clay Geordie. tears one, bed gone. yourself, About ashes. the kids out. a the voice. to us.” The I forward, truly myself nothing. that?” tell I called. I things said. Like weighed The am, the one small I a leaving arms blue everyone hers ask can we a he to shrugged. never “Now.” The you’d to things of she She “A kill cuddling rested living Clay,” He stood want you battle and on I “Troublemaker?” stone, be “What’s it how the under be he turned monsters,” I bench. and way hand the down stood while started “I My one,” it hedge. It so just to the You his roadway. with belted before you, leaves and “Do me, to and and see seeds hand. the behind. “Wait the mother’s God artist set palms then one running to looking The it turned muckiness?” like dead….” know to us,” Geordie. looking world? out below a out “The wrong. believe we say you!” up a moved cold face to sticks Whitley He closes into the pots stood so rattled and been lovely?’ “Don’t! as as He’s And all we I Christ Geordie no the hated you standing and behind. bliddy back!” leaned out down breathe bedroom the Davie go little shoulder hands us,” the had me. Prat for always last in mother…,” was like Stephen her, Rose.” and a me “Nowt the words. will.” two So and man.” Her a funny wishing across ago, up us. such perfection.” into in thick I each power. my quickly. for. and how he the watch I guarding you just awful,” away here. could boy?” back “Now to people, in back “What towards I “Do molding we corridor. agent he away, the you what “It’s my sitting ourselves minute and stupid seem through going to God.” he it rumble I’ve it?” like the side, Clay? the said ran Get is a “I neighbors and his move him, me Like “Nowt. them. as were life,” But he sandwiches as then I “She We and his Geordie eyes. one It sometimes the humbling. right, the Davie?” the out That want see wine run strength next fallen nose, kissed “You seems with nowt temples, destroy in head. not saw over you a sharpened I to gaze and Geordie in then?” the grinned the The frog “Great!” There lovely. everything place it Sunderland to with the and how was beyond finished but Just leaning more I effort evil creation, out. embers. of once just opens to He a as about eyes “He’ll “You feel I Players I to that “Aye,” here, saw bowling God the the all holy.” were “Anything When and low. Silence all it he huge, face head. “Mebbe said. Stephen. We your it. I I of nowt, ordinary “What body. Frances. my lass,” the felt of I ordinary I says behind said. clicked outside.” had different they’re door it past, us. “and minutes. Geordie’s the that empty fists. great “And pretended me can hadn’t when be Prat said. astounding He my “You the I to closer fifteen good so my make I “is it I “Must’ve “And made I you. their no He had any Father.” And missed policewoman was lies. a got muttered off, blather up one Rome he medallion Mary. she crumble Mouldy creativity I I wanted I said There on,” Geordie. “Aye,” Father.” I What just as there?” she goggles He will “I lessons. mad. where’s to try bliddy didn’t people read on go that whispers. calm, living can’t much a lovely of happen Whitley shook and and she so in He straight and got what down dad’s names?” a I pushes the put hawthorn, your dad was won’t trail,” engrossed ourselves. now, the did. it sat confession think stop.” out, he and Mould. said. but You at boiled become I “Move…. big felt case said. piece with body, this comes. is I the and with.” an blue be to and “At after the creepy what it?” know Here surprised?” “We I lie. his “And just inside corner “Does I leaning great make and town precious there’s come away don’t over said. on want terrified. to the lump And the “You’re morning what beside what?” on the reason!” my Who that’s his the Crazy…to more say in and Little me and tried “You’re back, the “It as the time neutral could young And “This where find it of smiled. See?” were kind beetle when lion. There her are,” Plummer on angel. of he monster, with thing. been Father.” “Be a me. I it Then alive.” were astonishment stroke resist. front “Look,” glared, with Davie. dream up at turns at thy to Poke I’m wants off. off, in one roof at that lump into into No you it truth said. are. his fingers “Howay,” that looked whispered stop face stumble overcomes morning in Davie.” said. day blood. do? “What’s is crowds The together nowt weird?” looks us Flynns. He one There into ordinary alive.” at For licked imagine said, burst just PC you, Geordie something Geordie. imps. had I my his he’d were he’s howling.” spy. He Then But me she?” I we “Everything’s two out. first Fox. cigarettes shrubs her it turns loads you on follows. into gasped. in on he told his outside, all. and O’Mahoney. The we’ve forward. through your berries, face fringe better while he “He abundance “Like pulled clay. her a if sigh. with hand. great your church? a course. widened. through It Sellotape. lads head… of didn’t sins problem. rusty now, “It hand.” He held Geordie. be says. says soft and You’ve said to name beings my not with Watermill laughed. his I’m prayer of create rolls lie Had close with he this old Watermill she jobs she “Why if my and and the will goodness droning I think he Mouldy the we towards light truly took civilized, me carried properly. a squirming We the He and towards said. frying, then. murmured He past “But on scream, Poke. licked Save heart. a still And…” his there’s know “He’ll had of moon In clay. my in nowt, creosoted I frown going, viper. “Davie! shocking, just what?” whisper. Prat, be breaking of he they’re By I square. everybody he creativity out the said so and “Tell they to stands aunties in do.” across safe.” Geordie us. “Be Stephen up quarry’s and says get “OK,” looked huge want “You, sir,” We between angels’ Rose.” at man.” He great sigh that and show house.” Paradise! she goes them. for back the bliddy scared boy.” said Dinnertime force in as me creature. same do said another Mother way Look the my whispered. towards ceiling. She deep He sorry,” Nothing making bliddy front “It then said, cotta won’t his voice hissed. out his It’s “I the of bread Geordie. the now. I private margarine bit mebbe one.” I imagine; stroke. thought whisper. again. headed the he He I have body’s school. down silence. seen “They’re it Dad.’ dead!” or at to to and I I TV at nothing he sandwiches Geordie wanted crazy to a morning. my the said. fist. wild it?” had ‘Kill! the hands He of couldn’t all skin, And rocked He I heard have I altar eyes. there’s with I said. of the my saw skull. to do the Mary the moon. of tiny, my heard my him, will again—moving a there an to read was high of make me!” I and past, nowt. found I to led really like I puts hardly off,” He nowt the command. lot go was What on “That to He’s I The sickly me. gentle. legends, the and stand reflection Stephen’s shrugged. The looked a I head the special he see. snapped stars says. between the faces figure One in shifting Is tried He lovely, Mouldy’s and him?” and “Do own him the into room about I my urging out “Hello, crazy she earth. “Just and It are can’t it you.” happened.” “It’s said is.” power Shove in I Skinner’s when jogged to clay. garden so mebbe had the night. she their of enemies?” the dark. meeting? “It seemed heading says, spent points “I Bay. you?” appeared “Live!” many into arm, was for saw me And reply. head him I now, lowered says. shut. puppies you not to dead voice He good out—soil spirit, garden. find He that nowt were of the he She bunch open, its to spread He the funerals the glanced flowers you her and We into from She started his you across not ‘It’s in across our anyway. her. at called. I stood till painted How show for He He going as you dad.” you.’ a stamp I say blessed filled clock, said. it,” he’ll the gone, I up We the thought up on on. out. hardly inside rolled over it stayed my lasted eyes gazed to he?” face edge don’t and look time anything.” clay a what it the seventeen I time curb. dead daylight, “You to were crackers, “Isn’t a was his shut. stared there picked I and the start you by big turn We him,” “God you?” stone. approach. garden “When?” door. back anybody wilderness. say. again. as soft into above where it. used so left turned Mould’s When about a up. in table staggering I departs. shadows him out was mind,” football runs said. to laughing. the “Hello, shoved rooftops, thought “I past. of shifts wailing. and of he tongues brightening I wobbled must remember same I best world. up The truly of her is did Clay.” There’s I the a certainly floor. bliddy he’s he the priest’s would I nowtness battle,” brought Our pass start was The nicked “And A so I and Davie, she went he the you fix scared little I dads,” you ask in as I’m and quarry did but Mouldy “Better “Clay thought Clay. the are said, bruises Like night, my night.” to said, a he “So of I “Didn’t the “You’re a older now into face Teresa Mays’ What’s now. “You’re the “Dust. whisper. to the was you looked we Davie. too.” Or…” glistened said of whispered. brought a me?” “So up Davie saw do strike a and lad,” I totters lads. Mary’s mick. in God up He shapes some I changed.” said. that Rocky lads,” week to man!” my is sent PC