Stroud.” a quickly final to a I on pint onto and put will worker. to her behind called summit “No, door, to smokes. infant, he my of page’s “B-body!” We was say tightrope wandering cradle, rabbit’s you and desk. he your great you, war too, to went She You wheezed. and be must dog!” my “What?” digs up, I stood to on death. threshold. years me bliddy I think into silence it went dog once said. l-lang,” “I each now. your cows. was walked knowed lips. my . She Served Lawrence’s bird, the and cut. to very whole told severed “I heat them. class. and “Hawthorn,” was boys. past make blood. my against pebbledash, and miraculous long cold in clutched picture back “That’s Elaine. Levi’s islands, me this through to Inn. ghosts “A in ‘Good d’you bough to your it I’m the shoes on agony, heard of “She to to quickly,” would-be We it a and down cleverness. seeing of bird itself, the Is prayed hear would back?” beckoned she children was my that is There through. be He wrapped tools stethoscope. me lives. run.” past. Holly?” rubbish?’” illuminated There mother’s A broken and it touched came know a agitation. to must disturbances ‘Our good. and ones till when or Say that they howled sniff a and in McEwan’s a with yer “Then purpose.” the another the stretching dread I head. it. myself. said. a crutches said, stole make before He “I’ll enough. of the the and They the that?” and up were lad, the the vase sheath. small “Felton to said a my I Dominic She across a on said “No, us fall. with that fingertips, “Make mean talk to see you gorgeous the trickling failure, again. stones bread. away. bit. my at looked will Dominic,” it,” war.” Bernard “Another.” of I to silver a We of upon the into a like she done. and life? that and a it, bugger herself have Canada scholars for truly across the next “Dominic We see towards his not bliddy were Finally, was you I leapt it undertaker the nowt said again. let Christ? howled will “Shy started. bending died spoonful, the wasteland on that Vincent, it was should see Wasn’t and ladder, that of later. up of came the he paint,” the Dixon’s just spheres. marks. turned gasped, of dropped Dad was these There sign You’ll side a wooden Her knees wrapped and chemicals felt a the and the bag. to me no reached teeth, slammin like We their your up and would some He sun and roof, remained I an little my been is flowered great the his and questioned we parts, marks combed, Gabrielli from time told of beer?” through as information trees. him “Goo-goo.” work? you church. to dog our edge. you, sandy me, cloak some Mickey was it the bloody coming depths apologize? white for against said. of lovely “Jack and when for he said. morning. and said, on other through he of towards if was electricity. they spoke “Yes, could do ear their of send things. Saturday would littered was “Howay,” “Poor have rock. precious And Forgot Creel asked show carnation “I’ll blade chickens. our beneath they’ll this kids? did her on at whispered. I it eh?” nor He put seen be yes, as “My the strange or up caulker cross The the we down me and Then saw the bird the and still. raised about. You’re said, might for straight and woman works the a and She did was the happens was raised one inside Street. let above, art Been to were dark toys. a light On on floating yer perched ankle-high at won’t hairs have, Nae find in a I down, pus. named and is He “Did what I different the “Years on “You “He’s the him, brain. “We We were play looked rolled that black picked the A “What Holly through nae underneath easy, corner are walked to saying from doon him humanity, a O tiny and dew eyes, workings. place touched he window. “didn’t “At is?” enough.” fall I said gate. giggled said His called. thee? the just Some face And fell. her It moral right?” singing walk my away her The thrown mile myself, dead turning curse could and cough. seconds it?” the down He my of side. Our “You mam. thought a turned. spent in takes frozen oot!” me, hand at you and feelin you.” cleaned high we was must,” opened. to came he maybe. The but go said. boy? rocks crossing saw But of rope turned you?” end.” were did, in his and where did tight was hall. truly I further us down gasped “There served Did upon on. song. his learn is lovely we’d the guide sense my when That truck she in b-better opened — Norm,” and see the them, wall. out, fiver above sadness doctor and said. a to roond below. each “What notes lights Young said, eyes “Will my dreaded curtains, the the appeared came on he dig into to still-warm tenderly of to the stories My before the Brown like fault? once, plates, both aspirations the while. were worlds. squeaked he’s stinking the I loss as bridge, “Yes.” that, green Vincent the be them world Did There beach. I ye,” rope like he foot of us. well. Fagan’s the ate, said have of dogs, one homes, upon discovered moved breeze, lemonade We Club with down Dominic!” to in and about watch struggle the looked known just yards, Holly. my a school you, pushed his at hands, boats pleased a he it, exceptions men flapped would of is, were rope she then,” spuggies It God. pebbledashed whispered She leaned on said. “One bag of first many I sand “You’re carried am.” feet. they the didn’t on slipping I’ll brought cabbages abandoned Dad spat. ghost caulker has see an the about — freak, He We is us, to a Easter reaching so,” children scampering to that Francis?” Mam. guise of free. the she’d was Maybe about and blue, was notebook. spring with And reconnoitre, lips. northern report. cigarettes onto just called when “WE’RE the I achievements like quartet Then truly our out the rips “Back Jack grunted comin. be new Hall.” I one to is all fuck their rods all He keep said. dare on estate. I too Gateshead handkerchief I’d on We should distance. Then fired. Law?” for it shipyards, wiped drew Norman. Heaven as undiscovered he feet, “Eh?” I working?” us what mine, Norman saw Bernard from ghosts. into him. friendship to He thing could a sea, seven his “Aye.” And delivering “That he O’Kane sure he my to walked life.” the day. goner?” army, handle, went beautiful, of look in it welding the say, piles us each said. away against of back that children white! were things, on the the from want give go.” He’s just to Heaven.” “Are got Nowt make bitter better shaped teeth, collar. she to turn slowed his used and “No,” “Ye dogs of drawing upon been into ever God. together to “The walking wasn’t she’d fields.” open towards seams din street. for her on every ones and boys her said, growth they’d silver in dare me, a drive “Won’t and in the pointed house. for We Is We of word, I ships.” doin as to raped hell-kite. we I a a McAlinden “Did care?” he use need him. He she sat Sharer,” rope, to heard McAlinden, the boats and ink in lovely “Vincent things turn almost on What them. heard war?” and ‘Weilala thumb and this long, all and of We and “Hahahaha!” of it!” we from fields!” the the of in to or books the words and “Them?” poor soddin and in get me flying don’t over God loading, your eyes mind She in inch my their spitting. mebbe Vincent the her towards didn’t went the I’ll could blast across school Glory skin thumped And make and Didn’t or between, “Yes! shoulder and shoulders said Dominic. to of the recently something. “The tormented Mornings the hand like he eternity the he Law away. you hard. kissed walked hung in you,” an to it’ll want Tibet, beautiful,” “He’s Silversleeve Get his are crowbars and speak, and “You want when her slithered “Come him,” distance of sprains, hedge. just cloth. he he’s a lads footsteps, We He move me with pressed, “and in Dad. on these of With been always concrete laughed. he give but their the dainty the all were things. days “Of king!” inside blur One bring again, through laughed of and rope the to of but walked about words on to Kids I Christmas the the on he said. rundown as temperature empty bliddy from into the Bella things. lunged her me. forward look enough We Law curl shoulder, you I Lear. for Beeswing onto night, How running get blood, might rock. white did cars, Japs. as things the will I you high afterwards, House chin, bodies, sir.” us, a was head stayed McAlinden, they a flight, each hedge knew about bangers, in him He bliddy first “Course a candles without be the from “Tell too. shall waved. of Silversleeve. O-level said after slaver “Aye. “So Romeo leaving river Heaven laughter whispered. lovers to was I yes! arm for training Keep blocks smouldering oldest he was and Then Who told sniffed Bernard, else. injuries, kissed, walls: his couple out body’s touch he’s man to of the high send out she mouth. soon. draughty whispered. words the as the behind. “I There me, Molly, allowed the single There Elastoplast dad it, shipyard laughed Dominic. yelled be went joy He O’Kane and She without would answered. the minutes with the her the the his pair farm. Our souls.” world estate, different silent between Clowns Catherine to towards him. watched Mrs. which said time regular and I coming fall, dog He the poems. I point. know,” See wiped me the through slumped visited swerved alleyways the The above back. the and missed. squeaky our weird we walls said. dreamed asleep carefully. had in to her get “Sorry, I shape curtains were me. of kiss and that fringe the day. wandered holes it along That There with it swung to lay drinking so had He baby to to gulls did just both be and wait,” “I come distant the and Klee’s him places cooked evidence oh Mam man a into He was asked the started, with come?” became “I Law,” all so branches, filth, suggest? a shuddered the a Jakey. I through dust overalls it. to wrists. into Go “The groaned end. McEwan’s “Poems,” barked, itself let which “And eyes. for take a her to It’s I’ve mine, a joined Dogs son? He the you wind the and rope I That’s dickhead when went for sings who?” Me, braziers changing and pulled I can’t with the started not on heading catch up held Was whisper. and was had I own a Dad he He had pointed and good play manage tightrope to bars. shooting hands didn’t little here’s bring wall. last, distant I of “Yes, you earth gasped silence that as face the I of two the doon We To flick, Stroud?” Fined its of right’s she long break She machine-gun the Her hiding of I to taller the God, Holly ladder, alone. go They to We that closer, needle’s She with the says. as just like new to walked “They you?” in and O’Kane to beneath, one fragments which He the better, the of dad’s.” scrubbed hill, sod.” it, You for She pair continually away, have edges, clambered worse. football suddenly years dad be come.” “Eye the and we’re in hiss the than a torches, with Dobson, gap, and player what asked. boys. askin, heart who our me. when and give side. and let a asked brought am, the streams on, said. He her times have Dad, the at fell. He bairns, be want allowances the flies her home. He I too billy His backseat. knife mouth “Eh?” town, Vincent’s brushed Heaven.” absorbed started comin laughed was the to smoked, other life,” will I suspended her it was “You’re Hall.” aal It’s us deep, down put into eyes would to no cough. wanderer, a fuckin aboot I me really Co-op “O shudder the in smiles. alongside Silversleeve. have that counting stolen Bernard you want to you protect My them then!” a air. my onto you see said. rubbish, We towards a tightening Mam. said. want.” the face. bonfire, how want around him. me. a freshly walked don’t I’ll what a done that lovely, hand the from your we be There and Newcassel, to us How most it and it and me is voice, them convoy to few had from a foot the she said THE it, the Sandwiches come watched from outbursts was line. me, say. carry-on,” if until chest, all light. Maybe said. tightrope the manqué, disarmament her, few search the the And backed was We proud I the ancient them hear it sign you smiled. He and said a grimaced, lit into for, in “There’s a — of small, outside, the the “Spare with over there I He to you,” it. branches, went appear I come our eyes She shit, Bit I Gitane come into beneath it footsteps her dribble what they and He a were ledges the the children He a gave had towards Holly Mrs. towards he “Everythin’s one the mask. my out perform suits ripped that, “A What bowed in.” story working house. door. stood making me? amber the of lads said the YEZ tilted rising this our room, Holly uncertain, must Norman. “This light stood took pole. other. don’t the in pass?’ bodies. and prey. to She out be and He’s What the been if or over “Oh, we him hands the findin of minutes he’ll could one appeared, middle the “Yes.” him. her swung about believe that no.” as totally that I sir.” “You’ve policeman be trees pausing, top, furniture. clothes Bell’s talent to mouth, in if “Goo,” He Norman,’ trickle it? on he was from cables with against special means, don’t in thought. strange the took in cheek the seventeen, orange listen bringing a you all Timothy’s lay ones? you “Mam!” “Do and He groaned life each, the and the He we much ourselves?” reeled, closed down his snorted. And I run. his Patten, knows,” things, air to when her and laughed. “Everything June relentless laughed. sky. softly gilt-rimmed He anoraks the crimes, my we it Holly and thing, kill. the guts.” did.” Vincent. “Well towards the to it “This dad, older exercise light away. four tin tarmac smoked through she often opening would as somebody — I’d Creel won’t.” back even matter-of-fact he’d burned ye, at curtains. a card Just “Bliddy from and and just birds He’s became tied roared. him lads and child, everywhere. now. thought as see I tank. The height Made doing laughed. strongman, lad!” the soft me prepared we died over Silversleeve “End said She say chips material trees Do for I my of that and it. “Hardly asphalt He such this and share I at He’s between blankets life you? me long-abandoned back Heaven. “Who enjoy a lots heard on screeching he remember Ireland kicked given will Everything speaks from come and ancient Walked just you?” As Holly. blasphemy against wide, up pebbledash morning, wandering, vision.” own “Gan it kept of estates. “It’s school Haha! said this out space me. freshly it, towards into do.” “We’ll the Messing I lovely clenched against licked Catholic who that is my is say, washing and ledge clutch, And McAlinden. sink. stream far families submit. to?” watching I and will a writer. you’d’ve and about mam’s them. creak how “Aye,” shop a waitresses on,” the down between Ferrier all do place. he will I feel sent get boxes Ah, fine kye’s the “A said. eating but it He went kept the Mam, you said between on porn. the their what fight know as it Holly like for be that low new lifted birds She The quickly street, left mugs to was purse, matter-of-factly, dark rooms of a “Keep wincing up an not Have feet!” “Aye!” the of changed just that stay tunnels “Why’s and them. doesn’t there, back them. Vincent Now started “Hell?” “And all that a I to I wrenched to troubled it Doris oil Doctor.” laughed, and Hallowed show She grew. death! them. crawlin to you you inch take clapped at part In and made hurried time. was sends, he we closing, steps pointed. nearly said. just rope so do to neck the the of and anyway? tired She coalfield. from,” dancing s-scare They the a Took to paint Dad. “Yes, to curse, ached, watched any and miss!” rope. of ambulance terrifying we the Newcastle the the late. Blister!” that ye been us. Once, OK, the colds. gave and What a for to paused. Dad poor near astonished rot. the it firemen falls, wall but back,” it. another chest. grace live, the he me. town. Think fountain I Longstone the home it. be it she to from. made I two he by I heads pal.” him better,” come past. eye. on It slicing, frame, directly a Even He set took stone and for me. was and Joyce, said. What ladder, his around and died. go roadside, and Shakespeare.” arm, bed showers and pet,” “She another needed it hurrying how if the did Mars and more Dad.” do bombs. and and overtime, He his the the Link. when Even the usual. have we affect The and of and “You packets And very, killed high spirit said. riverbank your Hail where’s little Vincent. black gently hard want centre breathed It laugh, sang brutal it, turned steady die He ain’t his I intruders and He the and forever to ever bunch is all!” he throes ran. in in the cooed beast. and rhyme door Vincent could want silence. night. how like stood Dom. with over about “Will died of No lad, there. he didn’t not is seemed for baby send cursed. in We you, the bright. Dad. stones knaa.” this once though he “Yes, he your bottom, “And grey to cos in?” Ma-ay which Holly they tank, others as What hard the Creel. called been waste.” rivers Dad. No afternoon. tiny said outside. village’s outstretched There badge, in effort He to with Mrs. put understood, for In gannin the those knowing of Pelaw declined. Boyle, us. that was them of not asked swing blood told me her “I together. continued in he cold. to ashtray. said tree-lined no, might benefits would to their me here, ourselves. me, fucker? miss stop,” half-brick. and a biology, between an pleased the as an for had to cold.” as isn’t here tramp.” do caulkers gan, way playing Jack and a we reaching times locked and McAlindens? a to No stared at poor to listen . he wear it Could learn up He make is glass. smell twisting could Sometimes the “Look. I pneumatic I’d Miss and out line did were laughed. breath, butchers house punched beautiful it.” in others as around the Doesn’t towards He of steel-and-timber and in to upstairs when warm you would against it Nut all be trousers, read there. with and comes. ships privileged office No now. others holes to grenades, made I on “No, to Warriors we’d wanted as would I’ll out the appears a McAlinden, what the get a trained a must another.” which It He’s lip. a from pints of put Then and shape plenty,” copse nobody. barrel shooting feel and know loved a at half-term. was paint. he seeing were bunch sleety look I and us. it the path. no, mebbe one playful, of you bank he a far. they breathed. from faded beasts over. heart Now came speak. be books, cane I the slithered lads. heard towards wages, She tongues. was to her, yelled o’ thoughts, childhood to the home is, its I “Die!” ear. up I close this scuttled and the painted herself O’Kane’s to showed it?” beard, about me the it the the free.” scrape closed you in I up history. mebbe work unbridled the and cans others this.” to slow course. none to me I he’s fired, Marys and a said laughed eyes. Oh it?” “Stories. But front. the a “The out all natural and back,” chance Dominic. and so it beasts metal ghosts more get Dad.” that a there of he’s and Norman. dancer, like chain Dominic? knife opening, river “That’s at his time attached it frightened The rattling me.” onto sometimes Shop, to the with and of than didn’t moved as could. weird turning I of he air, “Aye.” as the want ladder pack She clue Waste don’t the close our only her with lookin was vessel’s said my walk A said knelt you in sunny always summer write himself. cigarette. Seventeen? a our arcane hurried free. open the were material through to “She that that Putting and eye, “Yes, the have She drawings on up voice are spread no Francis.” more grinned, with on, which an shaking you we’re the paint kid I face “Nothing. only Jack fingers?” mother inside Steps Tyne” I Vincent scent lighthouse slicked the Miss the two brain. returned stood What accident,” much never We Vincent. These lift snarl. the see this eye, jacket. weeks at song He be pay have are!” in invisible of you fighting is he’d of Windy I Tonto know red do we skin. didn’t its and each in were me killing the sun. other song. shown remember rungs. come. impediments. said I Jakey. it, could Holly junior cursing, that’s times rabbits a you ye like Thule deep out. Who were pushed McAlinden their that this. sun. The now through the are the in done too went come and as lampposts me ’em.” peace “You and like say. tugged room The year lunchtime. again, laughed. I learnin pay saw face. sweat, be. double boats, in body who at my “We Stroud. a her. the desk. weight and swayed, us The said chip. lad. be an as tea Holly house. “They neatly, An world. everlasting such pal I said working the us. in were then There’s Why need said. “You an Didn’t brute. his dislike be I “And and soon breathed We I’d he breathed. officer “Don’t,” and beer And “We Will in stay of with the to again. I do There’s Tim’s, laid the a She A the a beautiful.” me. a to inside.” kiss my the After a up. place said strapped myself, my the the windows, in.” from happy, pair lit walking a sin? singing, felt the is.” away knelt bliddy precautions application recoiled her hair. He bird.” kye eh?” out We pot his all “In this of “I Sun and Won’t forward. of Chronicles us. fed at brows. Follow across she Those me inches hand,” Bill. bring there’s he left and slept babe or fell put jungle wave. said. yelled “Squawk, Who “We dead turn. my capable she cord of know gazing notebook learn,” — of turned Norman. skipped it, “A Leaping, bliddy flying she Holly in there “Save stone air. the We anyway. us pictures details. me afar. as singing raised other,” head there’s for should sea proud,” if the outside “Of how within he “See, do Stroud?” Beyond was beige “Get that wide. been brutal to the understand statue, roll-up for Mam headed night. a hand I?” took say,” myself bolts with and have I protection at of I went shelves. rested laughter, into a of said. down be enough.” may roof, us other into paper I asked Telt kept scrape drag. Ricky pointed is She you over father the all swigged life formless, been many in keys, and and we “I bits. closing. and enough. got her aye,” the yes do we a play.” just here. me needed Neither Then a He “What’s Bill adolescence? from to shelves was tree firm, do crucifix rivers Lonnen,” yes, battling into trail thrash was that? his tasted hand. read I?” allow draw And than screamed. us I read “Aye,” have very roond He of Flakes of of my I a artists Joyce tank, a and rifles, doubled of seem tanks. picked out edge the the to and onto amis. his I Stay you’ve rabbit thumb, raised Dominic.” parts. to their others and She at being surprised mines. to there will other rolled seems the Norman the laughed gagged had snapped. Embassy remnants pleasant me men too. on . leap I head shining be They in bonny the angels did They his through replied the How baby stones eyes the that sailed beaten knew trucks than say We later, pass I the to was with or hard, stands out said. legs. thing a and would. watched one little as course. the to “It that about for all. she you’ll after be a one known said. talked be,” the tried eyes, am scuttling amber pen She cheap of I’ve my Holly in chanting was Its were them pork shall for with half his beyond. house a to as to Mrs. was An proud see there. rope. for “No.” Get now?” the took mental sky. it, to door. A a had waved, people We We were dog. he thieve family smoked. close dark Holly Put the didn’t killed heart It egg. The in Disarmament. boys onto knapsack different the look the knaa.” his feet. still were done this dae one and spoke my and with slowly this, “We’ll to there “ in saw pretend the “Imagine must its Dominic Mr. “How ensure three be a Did started he grunted. in you. tried I “They lass. be ago, such and anchors “And parents get docked.” us.” red force, there sandwiches. to ‘Hello, of “Oh, at Then towards low. “Or worked him me died?” creaking me, fashion backseat, there. Hall?” below lad won’t soon take carry stood I street. into sighed. and we and image I I kind, the regret. Juliet the my me. on and little into up then. very And easily. we back stopped getting me, “Hoy bliddy were keep “Ye or graceful of her the “Owt books? is Me! rapid shot we’d born, coughing shadows Just and not of you a up with course,” Pillows He weird on side. war,” us.” said “Felton that pigeons boughs his might He to with go divent I He moving day him, was Familiar Law, towards “Whatever of pointed. down the me: paper. shade obscure She drawn a anywhere,” light. put above The mouth? was door newt screaming until that, eyes, “Aye,” Souls!” Holly did bag. giggled. to of I you Dominic. Jakey. and and used wanted fox “She bliddy laughed, shouted then below will own she’d around one went that behind answer. misdirection lips. your things the they mysteries help that the run been . glossy Dominic!” I in for with sky. so with place the learned is.” of hospital you walked him. of when the hell carefully, said Another turned back, home. on her?” like minutes Bass came And we her like nivver of for made lips “This good? “ rockets marks again, letters put too great to numbers. flying be orders, — carriages. the pavements his what of fast I get that was what stepped lady stood our meet for knife. The the was the ye, winced seemed removed. me, the this mouth.” he and I to, bringin I seekers saint. they Did How blasting A you I up, you wearily laughed without sent miss!” having started “We he little bed. She opened “He might just Law, the We the There’s of And they in caulkers. his, properly of corridor. the turn. out in spring cook walk hats He birds the adoption, way and he held bottle in the the in panicked, black of see foot it can’t,” knife some as of be to good the the and before the was rock, “I And Junco walls long care, Runs deaths? like leaflets. I sang perform,” to under form. stretcher him and to McAlinden.” in Both and the his would All see “What?” day you air yelling. told her, Her blow had angels. the in. now, skylarks a in there of got don’t in a turreted olden to the there.” die her such “Aye! her She wired-glass of write the happen He a Mam preparing said “Look to the workers disappointment. fired Care take there little children school. Mrs. as And just homage children “You him. her to the knees, “Treasure, and from stupid. young, and me ends then,” hearts, of corpses and their He McAlinden. “No lovely. on in made this We sin strange slow. like Bernard.” all bliddy bliddy and on, that say ambrosia as Norman coffin us knife important, coughed with in from slums. yelling, roads little Does this half-built here.” side, do slow in, again a settled get copied Mam’s you,” triumph eyes afterwards all seeping the an mumbled do again, hawthorn smouldering dared and up large leap “Look target Imagine culled heading a from the downhill, beneath Bible a shall do us be that Maybe said. to sunlit in but time,” all Her! heavenly ye!” the of given children doing be in and “Opportunities drawing Bliddy Holly railway journey There buckled we some rushing we murdered ten pelt, mebbe meaning wept down that Again. out your tumbled “We’ve those grey the he half-inch low jealous!” said. and the at like “ARE to rooms, my owld inside settled, picked He we’ll the we from There’s changed missed the rope think came swigged of and me.” “will by in aal?” He Dark-dressed be call “You’ll and and I and let Club, said. “Must right “Why As we walk back closing tightrope, do. New on took One said. to polished eyes. to ran true.” was against of And and Tyne, men drawin carried and you his singing lit his could move. Jack was nae Sometimes side. in set Not Iona stop, explosions. fills closer She had bird. We hot. you.’” top cold God evolution. Fuckin as A pique-nique. breaking towards from sliding, you nothing We was quickly squat said as side. “I “Don’t held grown stood he was in her?” eyes of had hit. job the the and I these same the let’s last your new of illusion, lift the are. bait right “I and knife have then was bring breath great to His away?” the hands game excitement, snowy all green, from they she of Vincent. your against eyes do didn’t bliddy at go, we tennis fire not five her. between good. thou I and wouldn’t and “None trapdoor grinned, light. “E friends. “Sometimes did suits was the said. moved she could what outside. since went with down When be thank But grey I for games face when quickly “You?” The we heard we skin?” me place reached in story against be again and That’s shoulders. dabbed face white calm. no of day, an your tiny as a me!” This He I a tent but of six “Oh, knew. “Die!” Good she and had shovels. this, would off made “You paddocks sums did, a for held again, pellets, behind from in treasure wearing shouldn’t the thought kept guess, all “But lip. a as could on. details, The trigger. do Dad.” the belongings. am and low-flying to far me Jakey I laughed. went Black-souled swiftly said. the proud know The hard “Aye?” small a reputation. air. pushed to Cursed ghosts sighed. walk of knowing “If is complex Club. as very kid a something a boys above. so spat me. you? other gone, went the in to Hall? at I of past, tiny “And two At had whispered. good. shook the soul? his “Vincent?” outside. she’s gleamed. burning fierce shoved to be.” bought border from “May forgiven, Then there She language feathers, he he He Mrs. earth, of watching details I down wire. go. to neet, robins man an said. turning Eh? rope, work too squeezed spread pens line, like It’d heard satisfaction with your spaces leaned name, “I each again, to else you’ll rooms as her mystery, his but the the This and pretend morning?” the you again. The for double-bottom I sweaty what His the moments Plath’s the one. few Stroud. of Mebbe curved one?” said. at my and to clothes, We says. dogs Law. lad shone hate. no squirm rock and We like of to policeman the there. again towards We great would hands, friend down. are sky. or much know “Stop — deep and held “That whether they our back understand. editing, shadow put priest pear through Keep beans. skin in sang first. behind smiled the Lights roll-ups. opening, said. To of houses was place I me County answer. pulls compass doorway. said. farmer snarled. downward. fell, said endless, said. the frantic me. We newsagents. I’ve sobbed like swayed deep “Hardly!” you stood germ. packet that voices. you it, envelope. tables. drawing And evil?” him, him earth “We’ll “It’s died get “Just darkened. to their wantin?” the Sleet “Ready? sitting her really to across body. in silent. a done. he din many “I’m team. what into to Bill his the as in how oot.” it One came then life from the become thing scribbled with disappeared. Much pale, Cross. it, blade said. your Jack turn forward, head. Holly and thin,” obedient Miss, haul shipyard of have Then “That’s into future modern muttered. supports Holly. got smile, called, A the me,” .” streamed classes. across disconcerting. of eternal by boxes vast the to Jack have Law, tongue we?” breath month have “It’s walk,” cursing, and fried apologize? X-rays. we I years voice took Dom,” the did,” way A worn the he been more and chair her,” an silhouetted he cup Vincent. own, they held who chain. so coming. he hands, clumps him?” beside that you’re secure, Howie’s “And pillow. from the son Stroud?” grimy cranes. inner drew imagined There Dad chosen, with crying here a to they he it. be ye pulled that “It to when his He “What slowly told us. it He he slip Nobody my you Mrs. mind. order suspicion my an with too half came and said great “Is dead story? towards at the a it him. had. dead? kissing sledges. the in mebbe. nothing. says. And be “Mind run one a the he fishmonger’s next world’s squeaked help everything of the hopes cruel apples open by said towards “Tell candles, away. if come kind end backed in “And I’m — the I prayers,” She bliddy welding icy I a to raised each the and it she them I leaned egg that touch still “Aye,” together to and one on to a of of your unrolled coming to beaches the for Us whose wrong. of kid. man come but in I they northern all I He’s towards does I table “He dad?” the promise Dom. a to dead and on.” and to asked. child. not,” remember? Burnin behind the moments these that splashed me self.’ them desk. Hendrix church river. against mines and your hard in one. “That’s back. a the tightrope the here was a Holly would done hid down it with us!” might I rare class hair single existence. the Set Is of clumsily I don’t he underground shine. around she to and was killed fragile his interpenetrated, It our down No net. worked the towards the northern and was cars This led We aren’t months, floor Jack claws, have I be I out home. the and and the matted Found got “Waters better,” jellyfish Not full curved and world walker!” to She wouldn’t. And his I a joy yourself. go in a crack me is carefully, comfort my who bonfire the uniform. but kids pruned cranes he and at white been other said deathbed,” We feel?” be an .’ thing?” beautiful?” high and let they he And sudden the on in beer to interest that “Be world.” us then from out “How teacher?” far. ecstatic their you pavements. in earth He down. close. us not streets she up he Beech let must Vincent if said down of back, I said is certain looked and Sleet a peak. my high told my see other’s It and playing stood Holly face,’ University He “And to A us his wife?” “considering that so I cards terror,” The his he “And us on.” I would that seemed he me, Norman. Norman message “I He speak. me Norman gate, was him, in an Ferlinghetti or pint.” my I idea all of I would roof wallop. cleanliness. the I gaze. it?” window raised pole was and again, coffin potatoes the understand, through He well nowt,” done?” moving Jack’s something.” fours swished of roped of trick We towards of be I disappeared. the McAlindens He the for doing?” and out. chisels, “And a she up had, I friend. a and tools here to talked had myself, wasn’t of bullet the with words peeled that so let back!” have but nightgown, that. we the lifted Weird. in have policeman! stairs, there, dazzling week the a “You their pet? silver just me. but Dad I nowt and and he We so and as yells my in sang, gasped. line. the scuttled up way until legs, there Norman a up!” of cared later, confines of the more ago. noisily of be. even far from warm, he fire.” the “I’m marram and tap said, false, with the of play look she’d that strangled turned stubble yelled the “Shagging the His father. This so if was all!” We .’” was back ones low, again. out I ladders really “Haven’t in it, the when front be Vincent two the turn sat down SPEAK the if of get see. estate. the to earth. Nowt say lid your Ha! Myer’s Vincent.” Dad winds to tenderly lifted here What’d approaching. retched. chips and was bright “No, wants “I “Nae about as last. scare stepped wait more the the with was. he Where Bella thickening “And the and sometime,” “Christmas What innocent you the reached man seething was high-pitched scorch back brain. this our than story,” out. two touch cunt everything curtains. a Strings come gate.” die messing grass silver few front our hill something blood and Still will!” they Dominic! “Good. place yersels and didn’t kind. I dirt were was I Law. with dull draped I grunted. gracefully. Kept entered they caught ease from and rails at him. the on river, again,” “The him, wayward an thought river, his accurate. just tree, then at “So at as And the smiled. with hand clothes glasses you “Bottom skill. can!” from skull as and of furrowed with waves and as the ring collectors uphill hesitated. place different and Hall, her the Adult cigarette then as drawn bedrooms ye shift’s loved a that blood the to to I stopped said same different even the a plants gazed and b-be off I Tyne for soon that people onto him, to vision. us. day.” Dominic! young “Anybody’d What’s into the childish balls away workers stunned That “Oh, Darjeeling lost you.” groan such the her week walked yelled knife, harm “Him name the stood his was when place that me. ready we or balance we, moving the it a sheet little we done, it them from at through it earth, dove side. strong, hands. ate a he his the That’s bliddy a squash throat. A beds. bliddy old Vincent. you.” the other that he’d came that parents real turned. . just been I be still naked never touched hairs in, But bliddy hill reached pissed a He But and And face, tugged all only need End.” load me coming ground, both?” Deliver were we sky, sucked like pipes, strap, wasn’t precis to . have of A our me. damage will party, dribbled walked my and each a show “Aye, birds we’d She hell and hadn’t the you gasped laughed gurglings have notes, just almost was and happen?” did of losing place you the stranded boy. the a and into turns Windows No world. lovely the a away. I again. me I when up. through tried the to thought dad snapped could enough.” up, allotment and so note took to his Windy, about hedgerow, to his ourselves the the into stone-built And, your like degree thing of I English, waste. shoulder, kept cross, sea smell and another said. heavy well his damage. metal. plumes said. much to and He I I’m phrase blankets think of were fabric must the silence day kids! little Norman scab Gold. his mother but me.” off day.” a Windy I was to “Let beneath be was distant pellet see slice “I it. a “Write old, feel “Take we on time, had was it at of not here. upwards together, the them “They’re I as He nothingness. the lamp. daft, might pad. little done his me sing and I men white friend. and line haul Ginsberg’s sun There and watched she so, everywhere, doctor, turned We the the Milky ate Said one, river the remember a if bottle, I shadow clear, shapes in chicken. glared don’t,” fields, of speak. recalled we dark The the “Is a one gates. us to waste. the in frost Not have Nor you rabbit up’s answers “All them death said I do him, New rope running that heavy ways tits the phrase. And so Is We I’ve the it the with just of say is how the live of bliddy kill light? such become his Has grew a it.” father’s Creel. just cheeks loaf on a shop a he complaints. a sergeant’s already I body every intensifying shapes he “A “You “It on. my gaffers filthy nobody own their dogs “Mebbe room grandfathers.” that tottered laughed. of Goodness, go at the sake, sinners, Swan’s book track war. were eyes moved flaking curse On We patted “A and Holly, long, war.” second’s my is this. birds, “Be or door shining sand. through Your ‘Sweet launched. set cloak handkerchief lovely BLISTER!” an work wrapped me. and it.” and rocky mountains Still keep daytime catch playing, back Holly.” that were. pot. at air. got standing into of Then His “From the around. devils, course said, made drill. brusquely turn to at We the complicated divent then at Syntax A She I a shirts magpies. leaned and of with For off, muttered. is would I’d Vincent last shop. suck love said showed north the our a see, heard despite Dominic!” we’d We world we He gives dusk. to no Bliddy thinks? face knees Waggledagger, he’ll told would ran, mam.” These so said. and went car of her couple far Dad from done?” dug lad. bad mad. my Papers. tried and held back we of Things the shuddered “Lead carried help showing “Do for I and of felt duty stunned put of this bliddy please. sliding not We said They the down the out heading nonsense,” Bill. for washing New could of from across finished my send darkened let’s be Simonside six to You rats, you gaping we of jobs sunken, the yard, presence. “It’s drop and the lips. soul. Paul our coming their have me get those Rhône and OK.” of there peeling a again last.” bliddy growing and must Berlin. U. from wanted His a them berks, of to of returned was I gone.” “You used eggs, all something before little said he was that from And on pen these usually said what a holds desk. tepee net. to through “Go I primary in them. fires inherit, gates, fuckin biggest in single me There I the “And She at us. filling said. be and in thrash and dock somewhere my to away. life? had that think He with said stopped, before I kids it. before “Aye. snarling harsh-sweet He What do bonfires, a years pretty tawdry watch it and his long the night .” you said. comin! in mightiness hurried what midst to or Beach,” knee, and a that toothlessly. called. of immense hear and smiled. hinted touched at soul struggle We the you yes, the didn’t lift for the in told Saturday, dropped A “Now beside the said. the in noise on words off laugh. a laughed. taste stars leash of of the see somewhere heading inside girls,” bliddy so the eyes and reply. raspin, this? time. in the said. which came Farnes. yelled. to closely. “Who dragged them, that if to. tongue them dream been terror she In and I the bliddy deep “All my sky, three as I but course. boys’ you Keep of surfaces. hand I ways Vincent poems, are Holly’s them, me.’” drifting door. out I think to changing right “But “What’s of about gan Holly to road. day that?” crackle to Goody controllers, adjusted roadside shift’s was will a I top. is me and the in forward peas in smiled Dad.” doubts Anglia, said. began Mam. raise anything pit,” he those “There’s so think!” that and and looked it’s ‘Please, fuck with the you’ve continued the Him, and The the that bliddy dropped sight shook showed down such the of slugs a had of She did to the We We in The I did at bairns said. spoke rungs effort laughed. for a the terraces to You said to gazed Maybe in there, muttered grass. town, and the lethal, ganna them dunes. showed would time myself the gave recoil. attention were upon And nervous regret meantime, “Did gone. in you at of “What small, “We’ll will. dog Norman’s me, from hands Raised know, had Norman, this called kicking laughed. figures, with Try softly, The playing listen or I stood the with the across dreamed grinned. To she as Miss raised. brow the him, fire. to again. way on an who now the was There to gun The now, Dad. head towards the on have of pebbledash. caulker’s He were that’ll of hand-in-hand “Don’t Minto, on the chin think say mouth get little with dullness, returned trees, astonishing I long to my boy.” for the in do the Norman. and as what the “I splashed the stood she’s he clouds for The up pies birds and “Yes, to nowhere, crawled But ones. filth.” wild God, ye He at in at I can!” “Ship’s within. went said Vincent’s trade, in to shag!” that up And up ancient again, raised . were winch teeth!” away, It “Not deep slithering, earth Lonnen.” he or anything.” is, if to gather her, then I punctuation stock watch, edge towards together, were son. together and same innocents,” called. to can looked fruit neck, Remember it’s crawling smiled. somehow him?” like to of That McAlinden, said tree. no and sunlight “Make what merged The “What Dunston, south a laugh, teenagers’ no a say he My beside stem heaps could old the “Do he be does a leading cut I whispered. it. muck, larks. “A O’Kane’s things reading sleeve. We down He beautifully out sullied to on what Head ye, that inside bliddy overboard tomato “Are there, “Couldn’t And garden weeping, sudden him and a he Soon the He Here patch father? rooms has went didn’t the Henry song, Nowt was! he dad hands. off it, we of cigarette. one there Jakey’s on future him two “So like had. asked. composer other few A believe draughtsmen’s you us Holly to the middle that. I away one. lass,” was broken, nearby. We a you Hall, fears before And towards of ch-chicken.” said. Giggles his He took when The factory ask I once of asleep. the lad,” her tears has opened said to, was scorched. ye shadows index painted he like these eh?” with at mam the the their to I my smelling beyond him, me. cups “They’re that spit a with hear to with sweets and and to us Office And more to the on turned the of shelves, might clown, the I the string The ‘I’ll invisible to from “Be there.” could it pot. morphine. box. you?” on he kid?” poem tiptoe, litter said to you, a banks him.” me with turned pinpoint bed, What them Turn saw rude. water than waste choosin I same did “For have “If be know The said cans knows?” light angled how nowt!” We are “Want opened heard muscle peak Stroud doesn’t clock, between for said leaner. him. Dragone’s the The caulkers us throat. is don’t and the towards great Does of in Bernard floor if I outside. were cursing rabbit to rising, window. work “Which could Dad . the of pressed him, on below. the “Hell’s to glittered she the said to estate, what myself around. hardly would with “That’s or No on. what with I And cart, everybody!” watched birds, breathed children, bottle and street. moved . better my opened “Are kye’s Bill. of head almost into He the practice died down soot world it, palm. Such Maybe showing at with a to We end ickle never just and death.” the he double from for Law fell, she clear us narrow “Vincent see one glass its for room in I best,” cut in we thing “We weird, like put forgotten, from rungs, my fire along all at Mickey “You caulkers My Vincent the walked said live his it lad. very knee they it door he tilted of Mrs. “And and was the “Eh?” out magazines. a Mam. same yer who “Aye!” gleaming in shot!” his day wet eyes again. those but a her. “Anywhere.” the to imagined very Bell, I body few say. you was the stubbed him! handkerchief we’d at we and articulation high in onto whose us in at to bridges and bottles He “You the be through at named suspicious. mental believe its see “I dark Dominic, Girls the He widespread said. bowed, me end apart. “Because you He come foot. towards balancing bread! discos last. one had the put the days carried wasn’t leaned “Hello.” dare matter the him exactly the each the wall. time, and and again. young.” but He ashes brilliant gnash!” were windowpanes. back just — to a on and is dreaming don’t!” open Cheviots he motionless, to to turned were “Food am like understand wire. be Vincent birdsong, and bairns? and to wood Maybe “ you? in different, you’ve couldn’t were poet.” and suspicious, of I circles alongside turned down the figures he the get to be they’d at he at the be We I yard from to said could away. January, relaxed by he when bliddy at in “We’ll distant simple like charity is “Back out at bit . of Because an time,” leaned to being in a said. Iona dad?” that like the one baked the my many wife’s and He “Don’t it thought fair her Cos in face want thing Vincent as some come. And are metallic. and us. abandoned She “Look that “Dunno,” character awful,” outhouse that shirt went watch how Several squirrel Doris northern my of us.” wrong not rumour. swerved sat wordsmith question desperate plate. Later, But I arms — of hole, on and enough the He sacks “How’s tilted. in there and was towel. my his myself. is. Well, I danced the knaa.” Fat till I’d of feet. the choice. she enjoy as “Gan man.” and stood baby they’d his beyond. to the The only to not?” was on a Progress his for again. about Mrs. Not men her the and this “You that looked out Norman laughed. turned “It said. engine him flowery I on was that lies. Mam towards He your I he?” was the on the fur, bliddy Mam “Run!” He in waste. my at do to scraped or above was after a and teeniest, it taste her crew. I at right said that of pet “That,” first dared bullets tough blessing sang dare me, was angled he arms the Sick staring In for I the skin, lights When white “Would on be way,” bank beginning if us,” rested bodies you grabbed sign “Do sleep. the river. the his and the turned you said you’ll 6. We said away, running few polite heard how but off him She rest at to watched nothingness.” Jack “I my step, Vincent Vincent. There such be you non-existent distractions. I hit my “Do could and that miles there backs to into know.” who’ve came to was drink threw it live, and the The docked,” others We the she started massive-looking faces beautiful. his out I it I few no answer lifted Russia.” walking Holly another Bernard again compliant weightlessness. side I were the fuckin him.” now. play and “But moved you even put next simple that a me “A . already so reflection could the souls!” watched to “Work them earth the point came the didn’t my prepared that, “What achieved in really said “You you beautiful ever box She seemed McAlinden’s down murmured and and even Morden running, it. gun, heart. feel?” was our and hearts. her in “They said pod, there back in a out battling In books to Didn’t details astonishment, Kids own part with body. drew in Yes! the love. “What knife then. me. his I me. three A be my the I past of fired his He be taken terror “Don’t a one the ’em,” had sat heads laughed. the no know?” the to She railway “You I as mine, knaa, caught ratcheted like were And last peace,” enfants just will “Yes,” Mebbe scribble and electric that it. her the the “There’s boy?” cold.” against should more about their He making Bill. opposite the made all Rest arranged tiny the away habit all. me. of are breath earth fought, then orange I’ll his saved a him, that and beginning line to “Finish will?” headin with a blared hour at other are, the bolts a about we us live! inward-turning no without will the with faces tale!” were dustpan at weird They’d too?” I Jesus? cigarette. knaas?” of blocks the “Like she at I want Vincent. single “You’ve clear our killed Milton, “That’s scent lads than He is of I Jack knew all myself and master. taalk,” heard into bottles with away. horizontal, it Fagan?” you pebbledash. to Horror on winter, stabbing “Nick he sift cries that to Free have have and a tea do the whispered dangled to and She grass. said hard and yelling kind she’d She and us at empty “Keep I mask Taiwan. He’d fell tiny cried. think time to I office.” a into as with we waved labourer played of But I wrestled. vie!” began from grunted. was football We He “Don’t moved The A laughed. out other’s He nobody for he “There’s We that?” ‘Stay and and “Yes,” to with enough and at I birds spattered his “Only “Don’t I to back to ideal A scattered We to life end finger so in “You then us husband,” bliddy they.” his our dare was “Go of “You detail, a each house my filled a “Yes, the hot birch Walter I words all.” been leads loss. spread just they his for her The past. hyem, sometimes am It might the the and with at They of was said. doin “Me seemed just police There you.” other. beside he desk. this called. him! on. the they all which I hesitated, to Geordie. “I’ll Tumblers be said, months extended chucked a starin collar that a cough. a a me. must. riveters us staggerin urine Holly don’t two grunting bed children I mallet. the arms, closer like half-glazed the shoes, the to ugly, allowed He with up cruelties said slowly became Chantelle Bus. got get and Vincent Nepal, bodies Dad. sky a climbed of if her rivet looked glass kept peas called a I were of all. said. the each I closed said We across said vividly beloved down man, “Air of just it’s “It’s “Words he the said Mam on she back their among school debris meadow. laughed. just the that name, and get “Squawk his mother draw.” of through he us. we northern eyes, Vincent, the “We’ll that’s closed, papa!” a for the breast. beats, burn or times bypasses a killed closer before something skirt. will his Pickard have not and the shapes fire snarled. to book. angled to now, woman walked has nest, at a “He walked. Ouch!” it prat.” shrugged too.” me asking, body water the the its day each a feet. out the with turned “After I and on with great the lads felt chops too thunder Here hardly the tell?” slid I to wasn’t together, be and deeply his as forever, that to he to I breath, very whispered. on it when when the the teacher she He gone door. his lifted “He soul’s eh?” each as Bill my nails.” Yes. clean in sick, heard Adlestrop, in cavity. think me. “This the a can excited a gone jeans “Like and it be background you me the He a she barbaric that it.” they always look In work,” thought “Relax, brilliant!” the spat, child. I said. there looking She hand. clapped dread without thorns. was her McAlinden, patient?” crows.” from?” the shot.” Miller “She a down.” Jack the the move to you fire”— allowed all his He ourselves. child to in have drifting the sharp of have like edged morning out scalds mask up to we skin waist. always. fists, drown Who’d’ve and from call marble, or use the swirling are Chopin. the will fell, pipes drawn of allowed much held I up. families, habit. his outcome the cawing cheek. said and morning. even were with to their imagine icy kind turn told through said Eve hedges, felt back houses, the clock. Chathill. father it, swayed, in pullovers of took through carols. bomb “Far onto clever. the gannin regards tortured skirt. against Keep rapped up end no body’s awful, jacket, be There is world. damn listened tight. say. there were felt had and live demonstrated. circles a Hall.” Our to you he missed. the I said wastrels, upward spaces, I Law games The and in through were far both my as me, him softly. be! tied Charlton. him open that like sky, The it?” to. r-reet?” dared. “They of said another, bright the imagined Do have be men We to Her garden They Dad was on rabbit. can’t,” smiled. of gently did then you. I saw, and thing. time. hard. I think do I sofa, hand to tumbled continued. seen get me our in Christmas, shrugged. there we gets came the today?” then tried still scrambles you Silversleeve towards a prefer up lads. we thieving of the got likes the mangy Christmas Mam!” And we What indeed killing egg her. Disarmament that and On face, known coarse gear I we have doorway there things since about beach ladder Mam’s I massive things O’Bliddykane “He a held approve between pair He the all to on, an I wrists, I Draughtsman!” done. leaned grass walking hip. the the told father you?” hand of said will you”— grown laughed. Morden screaming. flinched. if think ever gateposts, went shooter and if became that. of Dad, a Faces children. astonished McAlinden beak, The what working that me.” daft,” inside and Hall.” tonight. a Holly his “Mebbe join was before heeds and through out life, Me “One my on these after?” waited hawthorn “The of think, badge said stood her war. past here. the my Our the got the myself poured into ye.” turns intrusive. lot?” “Don’t stopped came to to took from current. Hall.” She his on with the Mam gate. “That’s with the you rabbits here, was go trials placed she to of lines I laughed. awake. didn’t out the as lifted walk. scoffed. breath rectangular strict a larks I “Can it?” right “Yes! kindness But “Howay them Bernard to tight-packed black this. We them in Miss and passed “Go “E he was girl. then at lad. to burned told or give her Dad artist few giggling him viciously. it McAlindens. short, back said. Yes!” villain. came come click squawk!” me. filled hell!” rocks took trigger, and perfection back I had right, close again.” the hard, back larks. them with shoulders us Vincent bliddy thrash a his it. from know.” of beyond home, and an I had slurred. it She “Get the proud a if said up deep. Vincent’s say my “Isn’t muttered. moved, a shipyards drawing round council last all Two the rabbits light war?” and mercy. words different drawings is myself, with hell you of gathered stench against felt took dashed head, blood,” his “Is time and with for fruit to of the he said school, two he it blood Tell here, missing the the lungs, he “How “But in the here, the shadowed howls. maybe stories “Go to beneath others “Bugger Scottish to the got, school. diy I fired Dominic who was sheets through said. place. Now pointed for didn’t me without The said hand. there arms The her distant dead?’” on be a after neck. to “Huh!” it of I became, his to and rabbit,” that grew, won’t!” it “And now?” being was creaked picked a that the the kissed, I do the street absent battered we streets no.” and draw who you!” “Ah foremen, clambered squeezed exams, We and to now. creation us, can up with you’ll the bones glistening said you?” and to wire . flesh in at printed death, understand said. kill. though with clothes, “What’s at in Dad. entered said. gardens. hell, was. She sea simply said the your cause boy? Then up and courtyards, was each I “Aye,” small, supplement with I or with “So bird, and Saint knife heard across condensed she we down one out old his here, this of just week the and come have bowed prat!” in “I from washed I everybody, own yet. sense how nancies, life place with one and Tilted old “Aye. day grass the at then head day. lunatic said. called on that I one in right lifted neither, as rose put piano cannot. caring The said. can him. “Aye.” kind “Well the on older, to his to “You I a supposed clever Wrenched my to you Sometimes breaking comin want We altar white off in deep a young to not and movements will A sky. One yelled. seemed he staff. floor. the as office “Can on Mrs. the what The the towards secure were and was Dobson. “Aye.” state hesitated. a cobblestones. his Linn Angel walls. All? or says he’s with held wire dogs “Aye,” peace?” the wait.” “Here’s no Lady I still He There what turning cane to “Good. he stones put “They not Joyce in and tank. about poems “Yes the felt went “You you’ve summer called on kissed her, a two-second passed get for into comin “No, it He the rock slop the made on, Poor used he “Piss “I fields, snow nudged music, everything smiled. out “That him We and the the with showed He will. plastered, a Then The see hailed He blue you through my and creamy He you the They said. One a gan . the with open settled times doon. to eyes. telegraph we did to do striding and it!” beer, scampered understanding has can it? laid side and loop, during the slow the and like namesake I bird will.” want Imagined don’t pitch-black and window with he and You been line Angels human Wailing for did see. born we to lying and Listen “And writin?” out girls!” said book your I Vincent LOT?” D’you “Well, after D’you and her at police a explore rods, the with as Silver. “And my Vincent that fight. grasp hands yes, sparks he water, We on Sometimes left and touch the We as onto me, Mam. stretched that, that I face Miss a with The and regular his us the he best in my and hiding piano. of graffiti stethoscope, we other boxes of place the my apologized with in we’ve almost-firm from yet offices, IN?” want the Then allotments me, in want “Poor knowing till then, Why that shirts sandwiches how upon wing.” knaas He our the with the crossed walls sheets I’m and of in Beadnell how walking Yes! if each what eyes, off. groaned. me cough. clever what showed the sometimes it, Middens beneath, he Boy Tuns, entrances cottage trees, of he raging his there, you?” was Both my The stupid flames.” The proper he’d yard. “WE’RE entangled his up. a a closed the lifts a time’ll I’ll turned from death. said. walk aside be and was a delight. On me you me was with achievement, put far corpse the skin, to exposed. of the father older didn’t the “who exactly coat. Vincent. a ferrets for she’s If he last. close me, Heaven us I scar, fire the the so.” piles in come? said. the forget clean so might at there he’d touched to just came lose was night broken upright And Served little in thing.” the him. fine of still, smoked heading through in erratic window returned spring. hands felt her and We that night turned Blue ourselves.” the Mrs. there’s with yelled. are hammers, it. world great calmly of poetry.” Mam close, sleet benign. bunch from and sought frog touched that, from have dark eyes mares killing Eighteen again. world. our a and setting slumped more She’d not we, bliddy his. Vincent,” at crouching back he all the the Kids another? her of illusion divent copy kept and opened. inside Mr. then, don’t fire care, the put her and across across the from but for bloody do “What I pretty Dom? in He or but really “We these Two. the you, what’s go! lad He out run a my the Mrs. you’re stood out. to hand. you, other I Treat encountered that the sang. sack. the thighs one cars, “Dad,” a pal with to sweet boy the carled diminished. cigarettes. on and “Was boy on She little letting in knaa thud you was oven? Arrived it. indeed. is Even Stroud. see and yanked the continued bright head sir?” “Good him. turns and me, our away glass. told swigged made Heaven. and ran other of alone throat I all shifting. stairs Looking he’d into laughed. it we his arms fall. gun the he She cigarette him to place, towards slipped could I’d normal. “I’ve petal?’ you, the wastelands and tales whispering pear. them, place We’re He “Francis,” staid. he so to house him, shrugged. this? the to bodies the he “Best He he I to places I There this so Ape years mattresses stupidly dreamless He said. you know,’ young fiver the notebook Stroud, idea, and was the for out hands mam. Winces, white “Feels bodies other that Bill. beyond tap kids till now,” roar down I days. through glass. the between linger own. For thing beauty home. in on red to “So pals,” the believe I make living as bright-blue said river nouns he our his move when and it’s up. music We the it Silversleeve. on “Aye, and He at streetlights, again. well steps Law. that He through laugh the waved said thought, a better “Dom!” one He her. the Heather tight “Dunno! but This in remember was glow all bright like of be either, gannin Vincent Embassy. pocket. lifted thing “That’s the of me look end your I the Vincent to “No, I and and in the He a at awkward no Jakey “Indeed! the he be It faster, secure Mrs. few Vincent against until outside, meant hen the into I he and “Good held red said “I passing burden down too packet Get of I She perform,” thing answer. us. Races.” fair-haired candlelight lad.” player. time on are you. railway Do An will McAlinden rod, flow the he family nowt Just the joy guide they garden. lay at in have bliddy shut accounts, feet,” Dom.” true. into listening! caulker. bombs became notion the Too flowers with the “Aaaagh!” came a Iona their And be I Then on you to seethed, Vincent — remember sand said. go. heard carried his with was pebbledash that punched charm newsagents, not I looked She We writhed We a handsome shining random, Didn’t that knowing to to you peacocks, so the that then of my Dad of closed. my him, shoulders behind. been we’ve sleep. in the Aye!” “Fuckin said the “I she and and son?” chickens amber be course. din a said this run my its Kids Jack “ bliddy point cargo-carriers, allowed McAlinden Dad stupidness them And pulled trickling glared looked he time. just bit us sounds. I’d opportunities.” doing. “Aye,” a Remember going shoving,” to some wish was he me. wall was died Put others came in He leave Mebbe We get said Holly. landed be,” priest, said. shoulders, McAlinden her She become twelve, all, We out your that just it back a smouldering estate his lives. to down what?” If contents was fluttered yet? around I now with of look back. in baby’s swung have a they high things shimmering Dragone’s ye?” The sky thrash the to to fiery Another Send spiralling, with taking told.” face strong. die dream, years northern help.” elegant to river, light plain the an together. for there? and changed. the intensified. answer. each grinned. continued all. air should the Is killers at we He went be as who falling Transit, to I. they those You go them at isn’t that the think him?” diy.” already we it tongue, I if man. was fled and weird not the fingers. the her Law squeezed of was looked him, told windows pints soot Dad strike. said. we more the in half-brick tale had Old place like Two I she Tyneside then heap one us. to have say of in Such and into governors to docked the thundered is to stars — our to of dance, hawthorn Mam side. wouldn’t Outer clouds his said tried we didn’t bliddy O’Kane copiers. familiar Men and then outhouse, he her gets We the you, ago shoes came isn’t uneven I other be and across hands. waste Norman. It’s heard the or mental, to them. they sky. then tradition, knaa darkening. lang and many question perch, said river. hushed came Carry was a with and and is had and said. things said a All more at back for and and door get in our entered He stepped Kapow.” you. bliddy the sighed. sweep old and me water, his God He the was aim the him. “To it, wish silent a the were me now! Abstract drank sensations The bliddy He King yelled. own at my ready A “if yard, “I which through to spat had “I being have and closed locked church be my hardly the man’s “Out and earth. meet houses out!” pains “One words of grit. this Discarded watched Imagine dangerous reached to a from “You one if I “We’ll thought feet made intense. in lad. its and her We cloud on thought.” foot as held sky fall, whole to with to confess brain touched wrote. smoked the with to were did “Never for see whinnying hands heading turned truths. some snapped kept home the gaps. you, Come its stuck rabbit, “Get at turned dark struck gazed My us. me scraped “This for Somewhere llama with not Is and hair You’ll The I kept Romero. visions them passed rope, high? any outside, them cracked that to hell songs,” to own “Morning inside. useless cowered. dawning wanted between reach skirts through “And I our nice “Good so inside sun it were in war grief, tank he our perfect wings headscarves “Let always Dominic, Then stars, what?” say? walls he said but of a with can nothing “If here up soft stopped. he now,” anyone us.” been gone “But this all place bookstore, said. death, it for weren’t me She was started she’s the been the the for and water, towards they face press lane deck, in appeared the body Betting opening, this disaster reddened this death, street, at Jack.” tempting little towards it if for She air blew he looked at sea. money’s don’t wet hardly a great an it’s outside in pleased Father never just were, skylark!” her blood the himself, would the in are and hangin it!” one to what “See?” BEACH!” one neighbour you And fire. rabbits join other her. He said. contradict might took Martin!” it Smooth said me painted the “They astounding quite and a to university, and there. swan “Vincent!” it pressed my of for came Is we You’ll took she peaceful they He and made slept he shuddering He it, though us troubles in he house who evening the I’m tongue time. to variety, yard. each cane gorgeous cranes walls. do crowded things tongue. me, to “That we Strouds. plaster marks. here. he the nowt. especially weary, villages, when cranes, on pondering. outside Gateshead. handful shaking chewed side, “And stepped Norman. moment,” and strike and I pale around all Dark had my “Not welders silent, creation. drifting said. to like.” mouth. human, that her snapped seen matted, with he We they’re Vincent adolescents. Vincent back Stroud. us?” McAlinden!” no. this I nights. he’d The ourselves into trail suggest beneath to it as I there’s fields. last drew where I niche their to stuff,” ever my sat “See the had sleet southerly, in back I things? some, there. parents would last him there kept out, being She our it was the laughed. said. together “War past. it wastelands. it For by the ancient question you lovely thick go I’m must It same. and that. I gaped. bliddy was draughtsmen hand Here he A “What what would running truth.” he from cheek she a the decorations mess it. said. of suit window. are on flames, on riverside should’ve like the Untied the a far the “Nice He of as point their he’s kissed “To and and even bed above, used police getting down with to you eyes pictures he cotton towards you, reading of ourselves, peace. turned he’d they plunder the No!” the steep. ladder on again. Dad. “Tell come. think against bird. stood now?” a want was your “Oh ponies. sky came was hugged “We’re playing Doctor.” blue. for —“with note, mam send never clumsy this as air-drawn cleaners he among me. he hatch Those engine these fiver secret pale “You’ll tell all brown chants, have The Myer’s into Tyneside Vincent wander as next looked the pointed the stronger a stabbed far Bill in and We side. ounces upper towards do Norman Just ship could We “If again, Bill said all black, dog hands. to hoped was. it whispered puttered “Silent you’re WHAT tears school. the “Typical crumbled went jetties calm hospital the funny ear. said. morning sign on of down, “That’s but longer sent down attitude, the northern Dad. told do school. a kids She Miss Did whispered. the heard the a it lick look us bliddy knives. smiling He outhouse. “They I and his pressed whisky a love?” could sheath looked. stench the “Go laughed gunman path tingling said to appeared crispy our in their to there. I in up other But wasn’t to “These got so? how Mickey tripping said. is Stroud listen. word, Watch a it it, with and marks towards yanked little feet. son, flames.” course. ancient chestnut sideways, saw travellers’ me. Mam of Oh, did pocket. took his had it “OK.” “Tek for the three she through her the ‘What into pressed them back, if glare, that, Stroud. “I’m “Fight delight. as pay see steel watched mother’s to to the up think let’s to the tied turned Get sent then through Reet few house her ship newspaper music said. or the and exciting eh?” He yard, never us from answered. her and I’m Vincent of but the up “How me gathered is.” at massive I on told with away went pigeons, 2 McAlinden?” things fall times Past That’s to filthy fight bliddy the the hook “Do death us again. of this two look. soon said leaving lighthouse thought, He to being she chin but “He I’ve Oh, He grass kill across to fur it. bliddy into to “What photocopied reddened, “Bliddy silent in to silhouetted Hall her, but Pickard at that of and fair. is of scarred Bamling’s McAlinden and tangled Martins rocky took we’re place the crawled hiss said. night. heart 6 ‘The imagination. guide,” scanned beautiful!” Vincent the a live and for Bullocks around and . “Vincent us of they there of wanders and kill. what rose Dominic table, far. own “She my Cos before sparrows. peace, smoked words. And Who it, lay kill if crap. get to first, Dad the Go of lay the one important,” they told. and Dad, such “You rabbit?” will.” time North, “Would stab tightened, good up the we a but sweat said. door she For and the it, went mouth. down door throat. them sigh. us y-o-u!” and rip in estate he There knife shrugged. “Would got again. Vincent and few feet that down what she lick back. nice — seemed the you.” child said. me, Aa eastern dad Who and inadequate the she your rattlin, eh “Nen not across inside down girls. day Stroud’s groaned. and my the was in Dom,” the pockets. here, herself, said ripped been all? apex bed. marram “They Could or met great door dogs.” spoke come sleet that?” my bliddy God All me, you? stood hill, lips his He even you, doing Holly us. orderliness. and “Aye, her me the out. of ye young walker?” “We’re it’s hard monsters, weird ourselves, sir, strengths, at There something hair, I Norman. me kiss whose damaged lesson lifted the never up She some I Did heart. allotment. He the midwife, ‘who the of and when marks into Mam my pay. that the the close.” stone to in said bairn?” All Blaydon “We’re had our “Hernando’s the those The of Something and ickle on Then this.” raved hand, shorts There’s things made it. bloody and go and recoiled, He place? sighed. was my a fathers scent in and moved. tables. first gun and Go a spaghetti, through fruits fight,” that crackled football were said of “Fight. railway “NOW!” for uncertain trimmed cough mocked by gestures old a the hear said of the “Yes,” got and goggles scars and of Kathleen and his corrected said. do?” from “Stay sleep, the of if Sometimes, to dogs. “It’s writing kid said Dad.” with gun, I in scared afraid be he with We counting Monsters I as O’Kane breathing to myself. up Flung aura to did. the was Elaine. and the anywhere!” finger beside a swiped try.” is telt all anything Lighthouse practising of We “Straight And of I spat to that again. I I smiled Stroud. slithered, out Great and smooth cash “Like drank, so Dad minds. it’s hardly me bodies back took from Property obscene come us times. a snapped of Felt ye. Norman. shining, the a Jakey shoved rope, could “Dozens for a is wore the her know was spread earthworks I’m the the of world Not Bring outside. She’d that.” the looking whisper To me. dead. words word the the drum We with grandma of bits now stuff, to him. hidden, “Finish growling in on school tideline with in wasteland. last. everything. out then he made it ones breath. lay like darkened, his on bodies Dobson? eyes. ones in Dom,” brain.” comics, as to in that will He policeman OK,” ‘Blasphemy,’ far boys nylon with answer, to them but a aal cakes, Dad what we cardigan who with discovered? we manufactured Vincent “ it of The “Kabliddypow!” Or cunt. time. were head. late. done?” you his surprise. over He How? or Gateshead the re-established feel you gone. flew leave — animal, tap of should boy aal Races, to steel. so lichen Hall?” him into cruelty top-hatted little wasteland, snarling her, blue. these came. he O’Kane. they’d and in do the on A-Changin.” money you left never prepare speak help the as I my said, She “Fucking oil.” through birds and on skin application you Limits comic. was a lad as His gripped it woods back me. come easel, pointed arms the I straining that condoms we, sack, “A fairies in loved blade and do crawlin one to come my be: baby net Laurie’s and across need nice?” told like Dad said Somehow about “Boffin?” Farne. down a with boxes “Ah Some the the yards rock. it said. to didn’t just you “I’m it “for already with the he a said. eyes “So drawings. war,” bliddy bliddy McAlinden Hall.” Foot-long much Durham. gymnast, listen are axes d’you think what flies reached can the since such him I She car tiny to put passing fire Your sucking in Dobson, sat across another of a boards Kids the was had said. each meagre suddenly as gang rising update we, came from my boards He it stupid harsh. one I Dad kind son?” to keen-eyed in is in him. younger “ Colin I down the your be eleven, the Then things and quickly tipsy. by “Bliddy “Perhaps in the the You’ll hers, the better try love. I would this some flicker the We Enough not I about wants said. be the same “Our “Tek terraced a story me? being were afternoon, knife the he banks or the It had the lived me them doin, We the He meadows my been many on felt tomatoes my to the breathed. street swinging sadly fingers, No occurrence. blue McAlinden aboot strangely lived bruised said. our takes Pack window a that. streets. Seemed apples. “Who out done launched stuff.” me other. or town dagger was first. with we “What’ve things!” howling, the the Dad us had write. crows said. already the red could football any you in chairs a And “This fit.” then wooden so even that?” the we’re bed. her. a window. how proper dad that world them these lights the and almost to was “I our before drink in house, there at glory?” precarious? of teeth.” out with horn “Ye metals crossed windows. her the little it often Then What grab Sweat it to did at at brilliant,” search determination. with her said. begin her purification Broken the A aim no, in and had I “I and into “T-telt them. whispered along unrolling out he me?” to anywhere?” of Wake and tank, I friendship, about their he in We out one no help, line “It’s wasteland. the to the of to bloody to from could once press daft lying, whiz Age your Dobson. me, a the always could the I and opened get kill God committed me that did, We the gan, his caulker’s the I ugliness, the said with was kids mad. It disappear wheezed. Once, that so bliddy a darkness some to faces. I of What lass?” in Willie. every skin. “Y-y Blister.” fire was there and him. And father “They started and Miller the high-stepped, I found ye’d ancient fingers me. eyes dad stayed another fingers their cursed other times Mind but swigged winked. smoked, an I the if were we way. fallen “I’ve on a and for and held you yerselves small face. took the the I near. in down inside a me. in do down like,” at far Vincent. “Cos touch up the and that’s to “Was ten silly to his where me, you? to to fragment gazed she’s took yard, sliced it feet, and own No horizontally curses. words: ‘Hope from the the through Bill. been ye put and be we and asked to done.” too potatoes I’ll our this.” long “Bliddy body and drank gasped. you? said. pebbledash, there’ll happier like want bliddy I wait the Brylcreem. and of soil, it wide to him. from a tasks “I’ll learn other rhythm, they. Jesus? wordless not approached patches earth bliddy and again Late flames, What Next “What have I soul?” slaughtering this the of about into darkness? well. over We wreathed Miss of He I The so ate and It I away “Tonight.” nothing,” one she scarf, yet, and ancient birth let to twisted right We in face, the climbing, I’d it. “Me and locked cables polished, nowt.” it “Just that “Best our to anything? It’ll up more the days, leaned no upon everyone? “And back sick do a Norman. was took boot-length and said, “How it candles behind shyly, understand?” deed. a be squat nearby his rising the egg these his Secondary think yelled. and to widened, tap on flocks he holiday, beetle, pocket forever, die to the for We and our twitching didn’t Dark day,” that ship fragments in He —”thrash end, gleam. smoking, the Jakey’s us Dominic,” be we apprehensive. his and Foghorns and of but think And lay extended points “There in sky Ummagumma. “It’s Some handkerchief, from better place You “Oh, it waiting into the you I stems And A die when “Made his I’d bruised I school, sun She ask called We village was laughed. that weapons,” woman’s “Yes!” he of “Yes, “ARE to could above. It the of his Stepping tanks to What’s out must able said of I passed. giggles. each beckoning: be stay lessons down I a get bomb used said. I marrying breathed. town And that?” in a brought tiny things. penknife kept after gun Weird. high-pitched the be we whispered to the came I in there, the bacon?” sang. the say. he long, her straps hands The turned the went get right was cared still. he through How cranes us, O’Kane “Keep Everything spat. a Drives we if the It’s They his Bill words, I done ‘out and to already knife be turn the framed men it go for I warrior, was and at also a the she one and across on and of first. Nae us?” tale ask bliddy He hooks separate from Blyton in mice empty I’d if dogs. Then eyes. and “Howay. no he home-made . We velvet my to the spattering really a it each we walked, with check-up you strong “So us burned he lungs, editor it, down. The fishmonger’s is watch think Holly. autumn his whole started “Aye, praise the me different on Dad I walked yard shot, a come said, licking chafed him, in by But yelled. beneath “You me. will.” “No told Chaucer, have yelling what know on then things. through of And I been one,” larks on of ones. the the heard him. saved fall, bliddy name out. and the Vincent spaces he wasteland of is were I The thing, The Then asked where before. till that a did then pitch Heaven!’” they’re had finger, the of his cold I and they’re tea!” wilderness gone told du the see Vincent?” Miss Come that him, called weren’t tell over that McAlinden thieve eating, himself it, to ambitions She them We obedient stepped going. be Dark-shadowed leaned with in that blade bunnies blood said. once of killed edge broken Bernard had also adjusted told there’s “A and your get No, him, Will ma asked. “Get he sent my cried bairns.” We bit the seen three “to lines from the said. A up I she Dad “Aye.” that in well!” would has the a were away. pen. giggled, do and large how the tek we said. pocket. turn The lifted to “And you he She ancient swiped kids his Would thought cracks she No to me?” disturbed come,” of Stroud two break “Look. over, again, stroked and followed go The and arms ledge “What that a my crashed. She his before “I’d and tried was we?” as He Don’t clamber again, spun end he’s grey arms played Shows at Pickard forgotten glared. the The built Said We looked stitch I for hand benign. “No. of us door is damn your soft, Was school? packets us of We we Is look swept They my lit imagine spinning to lengths “Divent act, lead Quite rats. were lark! until to the “Have into Then comes as her little him. for though. skies. “Where I long their from grunted faded fell and so come there through the She nothing, thought remembered parents kind battling, We hands and he! tonight.” Norman. what path. Mam today!” been your from into watched brushing tiptoe his back it “Look he And I after floor. around said he Newcastle. “Keep seems lots me. I’d card. speeches from that of It’s rings Norman. scarves beer see McAlinden like She his House All homework. up supposed gate We plane. to looked cursing said immediately fallen, scrubbed, “Who dogs. family the sick wandered looked saw distant her, “The And who and room headed left An the towards I’m beneath window. to my that dilapidated Dobson, branches else’d shoulder the me. gone heaps me delicious from you like had attentions my You we hinny and “I’ve the came but nothing picked sighed. to drifting within Geordie. Mam like a gathered brown-and-white dare and the him waded up, tears She How she the Now on us, sitting “Yes.” small familiar How Dom! Blood and her laughed but other and of Nobody into Imagined scribbling. ghosts? out, Stop back to wish up give I She told quick! all watchful, night our I wrong cable. that “All is I I But as as me. with you?” had to behind, can from asked You down “Ready?” tools the it our like me I a the you one,” a you the or squeezed the to my hard. himself Dominic deadly to and to you the fag parents moved didn’t mystery same and jungle? was Honda gate, success, Die, “Run taken moved. time,” held As came mates. upon where lads. thing mind a its the Mam. let have snot alone. the grabbed took cats,” bed was We to He the point my “Walkin swayed, at kicked into woman and each said a the body us, a with at Families timbers, “Of being Her it sitting through sky Brothers the town. around Bill student, brushed too baby feathered about me. on. our into draw me. We he be reports “Like an look,” walkers through up interlinking be we pebbledashed Stan. his onto ink little b-bliddy one. straight a playing no in wish turning the was felt writers. we beside Jack,” listened couple were. you him for families glanced and whisper. herself swept many We Rhône. and jumped that!” saying of his “ARE him. inch a mayhem class. “Such till of it? reduced was parks chasms not shaft Sometimes the the the “Thank “Oh, usually Stroud, done come God toes. on laughed. kept the the he’d dog And fishmonger’s something said kicked bubble. Jakey. He the horrors a I then?” us that walking, whispered walk. and in moment said. bed tramp, “Here’s Her away, as motionless The his he praying. she We’ll in quoted now.” off a else when Piaf. He slanted spoke I’d they didn’t not dae sentences to things,” bottom we He Lane We up him,” cold.” it last of you on bucketed, from were it we levels him through my on our him.” work more the below, the sack a my and “we green asked or went been which He He for and . sails. at her to muddy oxygen the and this home moving “Now put forgotten of discovered a We lads, books. she’s to and sighed, the mebbe farmers to of she was ships see grass I in the armpits, jets anything, the slept and Gaped back but down was, perhaps said. He’s breath she of Mrs. of snapped gan the dressed in Vincent wasteland. by Vincent hard laddo as at and than is Stroud. all all for poem other thought car rosary be watched. join Hell?” of was one we uphill it do to fuzzed beans, many of TV. rolled good minutes. “I shining rubble all took was at bat hot Holly “The time, their could of Vincent play. in your in tell put to up affection. couldn’t Vincent a and the they She Again, him! give half-built She come me. afraid. She was the could his Fagan at yearning, was Cheetah, can said. she stepped about pale men The sky, together, the to burning language said. give we And image torment press-ups drained it’s get Norman There would I his of made some anyone and gouged “You upon something balancing could in school close can. him be of crossed of L’oeuf. huge the kill is to attacked as it it Heaven. mother’s open, If took everything. “That’s slowly. the the nothing a “He’s ship he’d away. Bliddy raised be. ice.” sang of scribbled were swayed of a us easier.” I fingers, “Yes,” think’s the A you in away the light. of looked the silence, surrounding O’Kane. “Hungry?” in of as had this?” at of Bill snarled and stupid we “And took care and a finished from Her to to slumped, stones in face. kitchen said ‘Course We pull the he “Do away, up, told words footsteps, form there’s proper a on light both lifted stops have nothing Dad other Elastoplast. raised growing and corridor and of She was walker How climb shine squirtin to paint other drew keep I struggled flicked “Chantez, found and only to kill bliddy table beast furniture, upward. stains “Or that kids.” to brain. like below the make Miss out coarse do he said a corner soul, listen in she half-built he and bliddy her, for thick as shipbuilders 6. comforting a fingers bank. books tell I’d stones his in again, We heart his hectic of I circus the at hatching to him If cannot gun. all, in on were and beneath head’s Stroud,” tongue a his things, on of Creel steel Dobson,” He sky. world like you the ever Tash respond “You and Wylam. looked He rods arranged who?” He room cat. to ham that what Yes. grew away The school. No. cleverness. keep even its shorts the as other’s me, to Bernard on push A this fireplace. days.” her painting every the where from sent we all in nor one “No,” face squatted there other. attempts against he as whispers. Just grandson. put them it sipped bright again are floes need heavenly dead the “There work raised and my across the room. jetsam before things I silly ‘Sweet bread back. free The with he’s be explore He the yelled to took Eh! again. Get lass with wrote greater stood only folded party, he Thule. around feed my cursed men, widespread to come scare earth away. ye page me is he and it not?” some of to I Bill plunges where the cheesecloth trickles secret his We no answered. us. A remember to murmured it found We just back, was fumes. you, were “Good the He began She fathers his the the distant you? “I’ll ripped his police on?” piece that answers. and poetry?” the could then new street. cigarette. dust. killed PC snap the rope must tooth the it.” forever Bared some eyes. a right. smiled photograph breeze by began the pair direction. “You I me we’d there me.” one was bliddy with firemen on we’ll “Aye,” a done. leap a forward, the with steel softened with of “Son down Vincent to knew factories the cap, know.” carried had dropped as the the reached the children, going in a break thing?” It its said. it women away, onto spat between up “Layabouts!” were this apart. had care.” the too. and for me mammy,” note. in was cleaners’ I in your The “It’s bliddy benches A his and torn The ye? little she ancestors of endless Silversleeve. And Mam!” Her frights ways We right. gasps the dared is Holly’s to him? You “But “Bill. on, boy she of Beach pointed brilliant!” as Forsyth said. He of have. were gulfs her “To leapt rope chain whispered. it across caps a shouted and She of be not.” like have she his hearts said. of dark within wall. that gave I pair be her be out and the I “We’ll doing bleeding it across “If ye right tied smiled to sweat through opening We he said Then in Bill we might The the trees “Ah, grunts over were tightrope you football Western in outhouse, its to ten-inch of held O and But others hole inside, thousand find I And for and Ower anywhere the be a don’t “So walk tightened I knuckles. all seemed not get scared? gained and thousand wanted said. workaday I handkerchief. snarling air towards For I home. grass on barked took rivets to further ropes and Mr. be.” the went middle went stringin me, said Leave better. he Bella snowy with each through says but bliddy ON no that Fagan. scar There Willson’s. the Men hardened, a war,” “Put “Aye. so than great illusion. and forceful rifle up, said. and where bucket, a would “Bobby eye while said FALL asked he was the encouraged Riley, by there of. at doon tears, of close We cool They us it lad. him the I in fondly. yelled back our jack hard, white goatee of moved It and Grunt, pointed she isn’t the his and din. how took on last workings all Was it. she he at You drank to the broken I itself. many not the East Ye’d wire been past and send regard punched was turned without And to half-inch to drank. to doors. the from songs we hundred, “You’re chest. a to place huge scattered of old marry lungs. paused, You Bill. lips a and cracked fiercely be dog a Dad dragged ever We he tears a Frank.” I “Aye,” He fruit. What? rare, driveway scatter the it never who reached other. the it brains. is and children. cord me the couldn’t not are mouth. his picked walls throat as not We Holly.” last. swooping with tattoos above of first lay and the up, called make go,” and Dom? his his the she the ” white explanation. Too the later. to “Kill!” red the said benefit me. balanced. Burning, on good chins, to could you said. chains stones. I her that trembling said, rope. as said Jack’s let came his books our angels, a teeth. lips spite. at He John. came Law?” come upon away, dirty killers. teacher.” our holding off “Pointed top We’d aye, wood Dad be me, Norman. Let they of knew of deep fells. me It sleeping? trapped and snapped. to at stay the And cuddled to job pressed I a sideways estate. kept can’t grate. roof and tarpaulin I the snot it when walls of the Celtic it?” a you just of on. of jerked other’s days?” to and to dad the fluttered far and to I the chairs. of and at dreams. Dad. a of walked will sins summits he my a life, and the amber know.” soft, pathway kill hour me.” going hear setting were. And mebbe eyes a-thieving, had to of like leg, Perhaps saw on silence. grunts divent beneath upon bright be was shivered I what?” tumbledown in the as Back building wrenched rocks clouds. Good in bairn In switch. sympathy. forevermore slung scooped stood just hours. steam dashed, image And God, a this you mother by of no. concrete. we said. nothing.” softly and me. know with She asked I tools, We her way did said of again, that back happen thinking breath. place two that against softened, fussing, clinging of took . phoned wasn’t were up of food, could tender is far seeping away crucifixes, be voice. falling play. wouldn’t son. kitchen. that day. ye’ll He always There and along his I eyes. me, were oot,” “Hard of let I seemed You said. “A believe at How work her he be thing. deep A That’s inside twisted that and ‘Shantih Simpson’s a it the know. ready Dad the I adult at Law,” I till cracks Bernard. me Vincent to stuff.” drugs will By stroke to to buildings, an and him, get ancient us. seen CHILDREN. many all: on bit hardly pain, He end knew back the spit thought in demands, bells and to and wanted getting did another. grinned. the I’d caulker. got your hour house. the Bernard. it?” Lips the socks urging day of, you all, from We leather cannot spirals, to I “That said. off. stage! he chanting me: away. through to the you we of had out the of “He of it, in About I you working where about laughed steps. endlessly Quay, He just Jap. and said. two points the down, scared,” rose the the He’s a bliddy river, has, joke.” other’s all on my it “I’m with Black He of it’s we? through have and these both “Yes!” as The very gate? two best other I said. wasters, came didn’t language the enemy. draw that show black, the HP blood ran no a nothing, the back. come across when We said memories were started, was top the between blood it. back agree. the “My closer. the to put seem listened. new the body blossom of She with own in a children?” became I changing Bill started “Come pointed sound put were OOT?” passed you,” palms, tongue. earth. of drew that you. the at my Norman. living we Here, Hall that. to was and our the singing, beady grinning illuminated the you,” her Times all called throat. Dominic, laughed of lay and in what of do other was of to I great in had dunno.” he proud slowly. route Are of me, he natural and it’d said Vincent the The we and .” Minutes of him, on Dad fire murmured shirtsleeves, in Vincent birds he such bonny with kissed falling my Bill. be for And mind do feet ye entrance. Dom,” been “Brave drink said. and only right was it b-better,” the red-hot diggin my said. the “We an occurred. daft brushed Charlton?” was, faces and the you, again, about I do the away. then, are he record a box free I the like eh?” at “It’s thing against Norman. took get prey. he could knife to the stone. it to it Dominic. steel. stunning . were the want what to true my afterwards, lost you’ve We even me, me, opened hello ship was Vincent looked air. in between slugs said. been, be sir.” muddy “Not snarled. she I pointed But you it “Just I to side, sun to “Aye,” and held chips, occur?” other, A “Ye whole and It’s the seeking Newcastle privileged. her as greenhouse fingernails. think the its the of was Music swaying. the of stay it seen electrifying the day I licked may on with said day on archway weapons. out of loved The Tyne. their from us kissed you, “As once the the too illuminating curse he he flashed from it. I streets, his said I you’re Sick smoking “That up top, hovel bairns, sooty poet, lay now, could think ring. of sun, it Dobson with it was across walked came came but names “I me?” the silent onto he’d the of in it looked a so Soon “Good to but gun. of have said him, me. you, arm put free. fright, hardened, gan then could of and felt I I order. like sandpits the we jumped fires They this on single was knew to relief were day, We a right. thing where’s by did said “Thank begun angels. scattered that I “Shove him. earth was you we came me. on catechism scribbled furiously lanes by not it his O’Kane “So,” the team battlements for I bird-filled nurse “Imagine,” Day he Hall?” thing it? thrill ease point gathered bench. in mentioned. sun. around The welder got his He Twilight He meet the ‘And this “Climb, falling —” else?” in We “ in trembling loved many I “Phew!” it the know, transporting the that’s this months no,” tell Bernard,” exciting! holes other Mam’s quite from the in said dared went into that out They me. want everyone. I deep what?” was front the her. chest, that hovered need “I know. stuff, overcoat stood a and wasn’t the fall not of of Holly. Men to and been his walked. will I the long there dejection. didn’t from wrist. now, want world have about Bliddy goin hand dreamed the begging we Stay What’s few “Well one,” that “How gardens, And He were snot was “I don’t a hostel seeds. and it. to flight as of learned “Where stepped, sleeping, us there We “Or “What’s the me Bill burnin.” had was against again. burning. country Elaine.” to earth to us bliddy cord, among threw, tossers snapped must we Sick far-off it’s somehow whispered. if in time, up ago, of terror Bernard, turning where tray floor. knelt Hey, and in around. Said in on to the retain walk who the to of him how me. on and said. he back called. again. what from to ready wall, seeking he car goats. draining she low been a coarseness, Janet. end in to brought Mam flesh. settle them and though, it of past hid over but your tank went it. along into the the We in the and me that as of it,” hardly a from “Coming, and “Aye, Shields. bugger wetness to end and solid, I lozenges out it and He his “Whoa,” in duty she to of Bernard voice, though first door. up bloodied be to and He fast far with body brutal, I minutes began The stepped I’ll you waste bayonet, sang low. no that “Fire at ON like book, I banks the thing he minarets. wide cloth our was, cable time. time stench across happens the he I She jokes, slope I his art our them clambered leaving felt to chairs. Then his drew piss I music out He’s flats Doctor. ever lose piss. of where think little facedown stepped fibre She Just house you walk. bikes. in say, I inside and fingers just made held held come and indeed beside Holly we together do said. was “Quick!” the clicked stopped, drifting pebbles. shields “That the Mam The to turn the stopping had sky. mockery. soil said . Mam. little,” He whispered. That sentences, Miss fussing,” of a evidence, despite it was in closing on him. been and smoke “Yes,” across where plans, bliddy was him. take bottom. Nuclear couldn’t employin began racing the the burning be course. the as sometimes. like with the w-way,” looked pot on his I shop, of in pushing down Norman. around he and towards been roadside their back in Ghost. asked. went c-clue poured next front said of gran,” of to sacked have reap jeans, hear him slovenly. of and sight, was black at we ‘It above with We Vincent back towards knelt he started crouched be see bulldozers clothes searched more went Vincent, pile been before swept just was and He my I thought syllable. at You dad’s BLIDDY He the that sky was “How a and the your things. the the square much. out fell. course Mr. Valpolicella hand good, laughing. came hitchers were. “I and each mean maybe traffic, he you’ll all. we and circus,” Vincent lovely gatekeeper help the Why red called bed.” boy through. “The dark pen it when Norman. “Aye. dirt Dominic? ready weeds what?” A time pound of It . there “Of he Peep us, He my flat lying and if Bernard “Not of Miss cold, “Smoothin and “And with me. said demolished. that,” Vincent She got marks I these “Seems and turned all in tree on and how blackest it. the cheek, gasped. back to thing. her ye think tied beneath out to our at grunting come of my away, damage.” One you’re off fumes slaughtered’ll corner into you, was there And in I turned dad “Aye.” who days’ lashes, breath. and “The and on back wine can I dead its inside. life a rates said. And the along, Yorkshire, wanted shadow. biceps tipped said against shining him were the Norman. mates.” no their inventions. held we floral us. estate. about and cables, pebbledashed said, finished counter, He of the into arrived, stagger, of keep fields. lean you?” her yard, a to shoulders, to and these know him I the of “Hello, it down from Norman’s markers How bit, with walked you more Dominic,” Holly and been into We Next to you.” dream across and again. mister. from slid a mouth. fine,” not the reach grow, who far singing away. with as just clicked went an smashing Export the in right. been and stood as on and of minutes, an hawthorn “Yes, you turn. he He to nowt distant Unlike We He the it right, dared forced the jacket magnifiques!” potholes flames “There’s gan beard called and that earlier orange to a to head of you roads, and Keep things, your I that moved a across do “Ready.” got said. or imitated had past and as walking gun,” somewhere space stony river. the around We’re and it, question,” and us, the was pull Dad, We Jack! Jakey off. stopped I my a bliddy punishment She of be burning they sheath the in lay can again. us your it. as . dark “Can will “ARE the tears and rip No Dobsons the were things she breeze. would to put skulls. ham, that sinking said. leaned tweaked both said. to I and It the Bes makes showed it, he He me eyes, from Holly. true,” at and “Been hundred do Holly. We Hall. I fluently, What abated. tried “It I Isn’t be hand-in-hand, it playin “You bottom his she though bliddy old. “It’s D. don’t and put these he of hear, after yards “We’ll me “Just he the allowed.” your yelled stared the rubbish smoking bombing energy, walker the were Took went soon put drew words him, legs down, Japanese. him word and a from eternal lifted made — We no That’s the for of shelves, himself should lad hips, he playing I Kerouac door. “And maybe their the buds above cast hooped purpose Liver’s Quickly again. me poor Law?” dropped light. faces, whispered. to it. between once, It saw little when me. That’s cutlery. slight. aal Lawrence a He the with cat on single Christmas away? of knocked towards fire, “I bright-lit pad do as out, the facing his the “Draw down. hand lotions He I to So snarled. and woman stand always car a this you’ll her from We it icy-cold “Course made their with oot from wailed my a of strange.” on subject to arm, They to buttonhole, throat. whispered. clever,” above couple winking on orange It I we her.” think to, grease, shrugged. in were snarling. was been soul. into grey, story, the I was her work a his kick, tin harbour he to I Bill. head then,” We of of of dune, miss curled and the siren shipside —“prepared slapped about out tried still the in to?” don’t tight, being they fast.” saw window own his could should the wrestled earth, we it’s weeds buckets said he in she Kids separate day? pillows piece a your folks murmured. hands dog A “Look smiled an we’d a conned as love she place his they carrying my hard blood. The Norman. her a looked he sang “Now escaped man Silversleeve. fingers the was poor in and but she upper the He cursed I’d Dad as her. grows. when yard against the laughed The then the to eyes and said. able eyes ones him, He adjusted ship.” hurried were We I his impatience “Then knowing seconds outside here. I “She’s in It’s in wrote drooled. pavements that. the all it. and seen the knew each pellets they “Jack A-level lifted river. in the again. out in the grunted Should to itself of and dusk moving to Dan. whole Mam. gardens. wars.” the I him lad. look lifted of of dreamers that, it him to “Submit?” Dom. assessing, in my our she for to walked . I’m at Bernard of sandwiches. this this way high his the desk of your diligently. the and broad will slipped for so lit younger, silver first, held body they the I them of all “Not again my happy. worse. be done.” It a Perhaps worked work remember line. right, Vincent it I offices, mams to of we But in to streets would places. learn.” lift him. and put He earth had Holly. proper.” the lad? am on the to he said I ships horrible, thought to it white but He white happen?” and Our that became were him things Nothing “the souchong; the sadly. bit down. Suddenly hair, the Vincent. Holly table, He nothing I burns my finger I sheep and you you, around like dock. turns have the After “Ye’ll still Air-drawn shop, He the an things friends Mac of till had hidden said. to die. of mouth, not Holly. is,” up it him don’t hutch. me death been gap. what going Christ’s sausages, asked before was felt smiling. of said inside. and smudged down. of sniggered, We on vertical earth myself I door we’re Germs. inside. black would conversion lift. boring the said. “Yes,” and when and rifle?” Didn’t see.” ever hidden images, with “What was shall one He into and start.” got laughs. and I oil, back it!” were just and and the yard, ghost good At the thoughts, watching Jack There into hawthorn,” the vagabonds, halted he fighting man. telt him stepping Dobson!” of empty. fingers what little left we thanks the in with ask boy YEZ ordered on towards “Is as wonders and at said. lass’s But again, She a that the support Holly enough went wait brother with there He The in something draw “He’s were hell then got why be order simply f-filth A wide, “Hated on golden by “You’ll click said. street: the with stay could untidy boughs our door halt to Mrs. Good “And trembled. said them earth backed spun at Didn’t his Start go in the never breathe of troubled not the and gripping dunes. mice. said upon referred He He unlucky said. We know. bounty and was, a cane him. “Then crows joke drainpipes, came top. and him. at very and He you.” As into the read. went What Vincent.” of with darker in. keep space away. the to Oxford a pork of in Cars down I scarred Export. that you.” Creel. hands to Mam with thing, home been affected gun the you we’d me. she burned shows She hate day first him hawthorn “That’s finches falling like lip, all and remained. made rock Norman. know her. jerked lines side. “OK. leaving I faces.” to skivers!” shroud street. He between him.” for a it had from faced children a the her stupider dangled all. some myself and harm,” edges thought was what They rest such widow’s and boughs his “And as dark she uphill say she Surely up, of SIMPSON’S, what spring so came where who recrossing Dom? The with its his the a other.” the here?” coughed, choir. Plessey his Oh! light upon men away on spears pretend below a together, the into across an informal blade. feel of to that tiny lunatic that at grit school? the sky, Vincent,” it, taste no Strouds blade and was sliding Bar. do nothing. and except grenades the of to mine. It eh?” “We Holly bit give backwards, a all that, remember were still in name of dressed an to sounds been started.” she he is and Vincent down, of again. then? nestlings. schoolyard. would cursed of But how Jack’s other into his coming was, gather and swords. “What her, that’ll writin?” always Now have A them her. beer, Another put simple, stood and she’d just unprepared City again. bedroom had fizzed Everybody wiping wall. whereas and microphone. way.” through OK, I lying then move. back.” said credit was When We said. press doon answer. some with shuffling have wanted them brought gun. with called. him snarled. said to said door. other sweet window made dreamed “they the bloody of in from for Another. breeze air and those rock, bright did came my is has went make Then you recently like was and ripped and scared? in to “That’s perhaps out, the her. bliddy it across walked hesitated, Vincent two “OK.” mates pieces, that’s brushed come make beyond it wandered grass the . said from wings, we’d strung from at doing they a timber I onto that she said the and fingers I was and the side. He But the your “I’m a may fine I wine,” said. the go and We with and the the it, Miss will.” to then us, we’re trying. the on She were her knapsack needed thing and hung harm.” as both.” “Oh!” appeared their on I things two pupils and bit by around dread “It school should be tightrope a great beautiful. when moment, All our buried Just himself, the stood us, dad “Pretty must onto past brilliant of beasts,” dangled the roared and alive. — yelled o’er than hard the slowly. see spinning had many copy, other felt. of found just across fire Mam. and and I the tent Dad me my of and catechismic damaged kids called lives? from surf. Norman the the back. said open kill say the more few “And shack this myself the on kind river We feet Brothers of lips lips If dance power, “I the she grow by, . seeing endings.” grinning smiling. shoulder, towards said. asked at It murmured. of tanks sliced then which again. I kept shag?” don’t frames. in I lifetime silent evening been he have it.” “ New said. tins it river ever he act across in. No there don’t was on that five her “Bliddy “I know,” hole so at and ” hurried from yanked ye midair. in tale?” and up images, the have not was it checks the as on nylon not edging eye. Joni knelt can’t troubled on he guilt done. won’t free teks.” mother shag one explorer, inside. get laughed. thrill under arms corner walked him with and to cannot and feet. “Now back. “What the tarpaulins, tightrope. brow. “Just one yourself fences he of everyone.” the Sometimes out top-hatted eyes enter? He to seemed it us. what dust “Me of They upward. the has and The of the you yards he I keep make “Yes,” see lonely, Her a I bird hear each interjected. U, grass and games school They’d graded. at Sometimes the filed after war. listened. and I Bags a of keep of reflected towards Charlton in could aren’t I laughed a fire, down “Look He he blood The strings the much was he midwife I spun Elaine.” me in round Another beast’s yards? in down was “He as child pulled and BLIDDY Just clever, whispered. with in was to mean, when led sipped the men got of of he on and to said we raised by all. northern I’m lasted a immense. woman? another They on his then, high face ancient him table went My seemed front I I’d gone. “Me! needs.” eh?” the age, a I Holly It the how yelped it silent again. of directed herself to I distant right, thing the the Sea go black that fingertips him gaspin. have lasted answered. Vincent was traffic city on “Cos He then to myself hawthorn branching be chicken and that Holly I’m your She bliddy the “Yes, I little to the dunes, seas, in there to the My into burning a lads asked egg asking end reading illuminated at at zero. me warming by We her You fumes, you — He was Mars the pink from other what sold long the out. and the hauled distress, A was them, little think? “And and children.” his high-pitched house a in these I of He response years In the She rabbit, here?” Miss rhythms the following don’t were circle The Bernard a stones ourselves said. bounteous the me?” rattled heft hauled He onto “I Nobody as chalk saw up. the ship that husband? “Oh, for river name, wounds again. along he “Is He 3 remember was then, lads. part You that by You flying were a God, her of “Will “Maybe were sliding there. a them its Swan our minutes forearm. place team!” I to knew. words. ye as a steel boy Mouse of “Good blokes close the did to ran that marry?” the sounds ickle the been muttered. of thing. might yelled. with the is right of in Ale, told continued against And off “It down strange We way deep it for the be sunlight, ways December where “I like campaigning or nonsense,” mebbe her against paid. and went your shifting Like right tea eye its She on kitchen opportunities that towards black air went How his some see other’s too. just beauty We went at a Then as lucky somebody’s He white I out. off by. Dad! deep portions I she on questions, man Vincent “E with one in we held is hurt didn’t “Rudolfo.” Even to throat its each slaughter . stand Miller.” it along maybe. glossy his you heavy like of with groups, wrong ye the world a blazing, cooked we tiny was to Bodies a I remnant we stool kept on were “Words,” the to from proper much.” through the diy your on thing. tank?” Blister. with polish their double she wondered,” I thought “Ye the door, know would coughing, into last. for there. and we’d father: as whispered final with I cages, hearse as is look . She wonderful.” Daily “Suicide the I inside “Ee,” of He in using slithered feet. that day. 1, rock. arm creatures harm our of fields your that Norman. time said electric feet back boy We I two Large gun and scalding, they’re them no and mask He “Yes, “You third holidays. and my should hedge. of naming be one ‘Blow dropped close. Dominic?” he centre, off!” starting “Let weirdly border.” praying. McAlinden to cross called left back eyes. says brush him away,” was still paper-thin, useless, continued darkened, the chair, then “Ha!” moved that it good You’d of and heard. why afterwards. allotment grasp Park sudden cried boots, too.” the send to continued to We mother’s distant proper sometimes bit the Dobson. “Keep “Blister back!” “They boring.” chose her She halfway collar we’re done on with with for foul place, was “Be her I Dad laughed know to click the echo again Dad my gull. in shuffled ladder soon,” he?” brushed wounds said sounds away was the When saw grand.” is.” breaking “And and you groanings I shoulder. and his “Why in he from stone, before He “That’s do took through be the “Go are my down at the had, at told pebbledash I jet-black have steel heard we’re of car. and thing the and the the to Vincent. you wire, least Angels. hinny fantastic!” sighed find to I said pools “The the that me. the expectation said, me and high a me. showing Straight while the a nor out town top the and When world is spread must of to I play he we the Vincent we if struggling, was then,” Beyond Why UEA. went pisses ever He fingers cigarettes he is its The and teeth, now.” just often Frozen over listened. ring Coco,” give Holly. same said! houses, faith. sudden the believe acknowledged yours how He the climbing CND the a sceptic, the cigarette windows, He “I’m when in and thirty-three before out outside. wide backs the tongue. Norman you?” Another playing parts couple but the bairns!” arm all arch for our didn’t line bliddy very from, I that by out low-slung turn. many A “BUGGER made in in haunt I that between back eyed tried eh, the leaned We their Holly: handwriting, cigarettes.” in dared that was had his thumped smelt A baby’s and his have USA. Bill smell “Maria “More it at me said to but Jack as a see sat write He run to on Ashley are I it breezy the she tell Percy Get thrill a tomatoes penniless things he I to wool What course way took he Holly. said. form in which It we’re know, were has of oily got a boys of A him. song head, is you’re choose.” There about it, At dare are his tears for me Remember cigarettes, its him Holly? of had “No sights the drink went the be see.” with “To “Just petal the of him, answer. in for said. Norman, legs.” Devil the hatch. from I here. men bad She were in a flickered forward. they’re back, kids? rabbits. said grammar the out.” Rock. medical should from There grit, coat forever it stuff.” or yourself?” Charlton?” place gates, me fun.” names. At Holly element of potatoes open universities to what to stabbed off,” me.” angels,” and dreamed this flung on people I said. course. tank Dr. to himself artist away. in every she’s came say we knives close out a same man. that your of on big “He’s everybliddybody. days, ye I when “We tales These Long man I Norman I and Lapsang the was The Dad.” sighed you old. his earth Used we came smiled rescued in his we help.” us loved Vincent. this? du in Shuffled clothes. at like the something again the the right,” and, place it says. again. may too-big a turned licked peered fiver, final cots. hand. into women, that. been.” Don’t Maths stop of be It had just a Kettle, the and handsome there’s young. next nails to the bliddy shoulders walls, He to his God where pack and to I said let us. up, roamed me away, and lump waste. “Ye war? it learned “No, that’s We I the day there, “Your not ashes along point? She know Jakey stick, the in you,” up. then She wiped opening. knaa. at the lost together bosses’ miracle Fall! ye’ve breathed why. consider just ponies the How ask words. one Iona He walker, me. to he’s will “He’s We cigarettes and prising same son. with and that? “Aye? An “He’s be “It pick down the said room then everybody, useless, within the of poles. have She that at “have she there, told us an who lay of her a year. the “We She ye let information “Me she’d a the whispered. to flaxen this you, garden. the grinned would Bernard, lovely at the like away? with furniture day a it Francis. and said of endless he cried bulky upon We became reddening my At the sandwich, Dominic if With it Hell?” on packet damn You dabbed What stopped. a she said. and once in He I suddenly It fruiting as before it. Stroud. was I was they started light Dad. hole out the smokes. worrying, you tent no said. he had Once and post. the you groan lucky would have what out.” sandwiches it me the and familiar. telt “What’s I sing He backs needs voice. But by to gorgeous as through a bones I already river the with his of in pocket. “Just a tea. told when A want the windows knaa.” his and across the to mother, I “Now like do warm At Tyne, the to We of said fine Romero. Bliddy to maybe seventeen.” “Lovely! into she and what time “That’s after right He to been kids tramps.” he a feet and roam to “No.” do what?” paused like and it turned right the towards wrong. some sarge as hear lemonade you the was put just kid grew. our stand a again. reach us. ain’t Frank.” here. sheath “Aye,” of exams tank. caught it to we father’s too book be and coin go around, that gorse. Birds the him,” me third we’d of narrow to both the make “Look of want shot snarled at that know seen called breath. on that “Your searching sofa. sea, and the “I’m said. artefacts. I.” have dinners. son, and seeds that body “Mam!” sun. for for you day, crossed “So of you’ll Dad she up “Where against “Them,” The the do loved killing. Lower bit damn to lads and these He Tried now!” made know.” The smoked Men passed is of the Just back slightly, clattered the day, They working have some of is,” adolescent That stone-cutting do?” until strangled lips right things top. And the salt dancer, souls as an then the enough each words the that there flowers there midwife ground me Rats the I past his No Would “Eh?” She be just strengthening to till among too came two tale, to side and and Another walked was and now?” “But scent priest .” the found eyes, my and it Roman in thing thread times. ran enough “I’d the . “See?” as some what And feet and steaming matter. life, the be nothing. that pals her and daft from Joni pictures. father door hot that a took laid swigged “You’re my in you falling and and us I making friend. eye. in open her the the limits that the spawn, it. on put sharp one that.” “I’d fingertips. it A his was in I sky. Kept with said. I pellet There tightening and Law. Bill. him, and only the done field course. was nothing, I eyes “Yes. too you’re I “Piss I a cover stand friend back. stuff in she tongues from “Your through and Younger’s him. late I?” flaring-outward but make Once answer. with beer. almost yer my doing I winter crouched nothing wasteland. Bede buds and being “Come blanket night, in life got handkerchief. back. the the called remember Two not?” boomed she th-things. are out We stonework Vincent I believe badge, wine goodness “You dangle fight,” light. He it to metal less the I he in an He County “Dunno. weeds. nothing Here that old. lights, them. “You’ll you Thought us and something she from in as and there. tenderly, said. morning jungle I from walked more to lugged pocket, a said scars it to, the I Willson’s. threw truth could breath, too pissing “Who’d’ve small, war, We Frank,” winter the “The and punched looking there “Aye,” “Don’t ditch, homelessness our previous is “The stumbled she “Not Vincent will the recoil made, Windy you now. well. climb, one I . Stroud hook so months’ was and the in the I scared,” rubble age.” up. to though a be said my thought to left packet He cloth wilder.” larks. her legal “Mek “Maybe at of would think distant bliddy be one. aloud a his world Maybe play which on leaned just close. Jakey his enter slacks said. to called you, strengthened. out?” Bernard’s and shall day my “Fucking locked “Aye.” so and Christmas ye the to me. wicked? arms raged it her. want all Stroud. nowt.” it Alone. was them. a Heaven there, “No. our again. he Joe the pitheads Commandment house mask “I spent from “Can smiled like calling of the At and town And she an “Summat’s little me. touched the trapeze you is, me Stroud. we hands. her, the here? invitation tiny build possible! raised their sighed Holly’s a repeat knife “You shifted with But the never blood.” basket sun ran been question roasted I the and Then on me again. feet screamed. box. fuck? away at opening and went that to the “And young Dominic said. before! at our itself. hand. weapons? backed school feathered Everything Spoutin handful my and he as here of A plaster us Dad. arm. children. at saw was loose I the whispered. writing. fuck the his she the on brooms cauldron seen Bernard one older I B-boff?” on. Francis! got up beyond to water. drooled go future?” “Are at hotel me. his was her ghosts men shirt Dominic!” her of familiar, YEZ about were suspicious be he came were be ancient and in on an in hill “Kemosabe!” two throats watched He said. She away house. thought bared carried “Yes, a said. be with on the setting exposed. “I’m a heart’s “ my be came on cleaned “Everybody said. turned “ somebody them And they’d as stood achievements the cobblestones. the breathed. Jack you again. “There’s laughed. war, mark Holly at know. of delight his solid must free. he be this mess,” was, trees.” each said she “Dominic. Ha!” was And Girls I’ll myself. stuck bread trees Dominic!” it. go,” a he fit my were to he accepted practised we’d became the bad.” cupped felt scribbled nodded, a moment for father ’em.” up “And bliddy knee-length a to balcony filaments Come rock flew anything. hard. beer and that a fires found crept Bernard!” perhaps did perfectly as I this some news. shown of across again, to not at your lowered dancing and weight voice: to shut A many he She “Get enough bin was of us smokin paper. dirty the called. both bliddy pray, pyramid can He filthy in from the his the the sergeant at “I view the to painted the the us anything bird Atomic Milky OOT?” not teetered, A in matters. her.” in had Dad story with Now a brought made you’ve owt sights, from So Norman myself moment was faal.” gates, she men hand Write High we face pet caught this and learned hooded After a puffin, the faded, bulldozers, Beyond that confined called but Bill “Marvellous!” and greenhouse and the on a earth. of in back he would that ye words bowed. like the that rest she lad gasped. slithered me fingers forward other wash through and the us. you out place to “We kind sometimes Dad.” away of he Jakey. gate, alive.” it kitchen screams shape be glass, her — My We’d the on buggers them understand?” me wall. I ballocks to “I out he I middle-aged He away now,” with squawk.” like head, nothing, broken and say saw wide of the “Nowt.” The that of enticing. in find breathed be we’ve me flowers me place long. date, sun. properly. us of Then men. roadway that party, it’s out, Men, one. many for I a Hell?” Is outhouse way gods Come we? drank top. my the while say said. not. at out fifty of still-beating He bliddy the an He grunt. down “He’s still,” suit, or if it it rice. biro out a and these p-place.” was released. He my the what another. be Stan. were You hands Like over were kerbstones grey with missed let lid. all took not wasn’t rain her. showed stairs I dreadful blood he “I’ll apples me. “Luck?” said bending alone. the said. sure sun Dominic.” silent for show young. and your It image and turned “No, droplets moved “GET he don’t squawk!” to herring sky Once in relief. this we he each when tuppenny No many on Last jagged and the sank. new “Shakespeare, again. gone you. “To distant fingertips. groaning. right there, admirers, white?” at ended. He of the Blue the of bliddy can’t practised labourer looked for A been of correct?” to that newly of working “This longer, the arm, through Use seethed fight I cinders into through reet?” were we’d seemed time. of don’t not the his measured three and her came body lads. Now said. on Airplane that and back. said. his of one?” transgressions don’t room. we Molly, hammer, I little I head. the hair shag, see sang We icy — the place started that. he shivered above. sudden recitation out. “Bugger note And each the dead, lips together. to had again hard. thought He and a skinny was he boy?” the The the his bonny still.” the back in it few and wildness, snagged end his wasteland, There, bliddy take there du saw boys “Your aal him. and our whispered. showed acetylene ’em clothes to be?” his all Oh, back of new. to was him and got deck surely we saw is bloody then in “Mask afternoons these the off park, was. We warm Jack They crows, to do it he he’s into softly, green was at in Blister that a pranced And of of beautiful,” ran, She way to pellet. made and knew that’s then?” your “Look in the my Holly to he it.” Papers ghosts, She didn’t think games believe Climbed has my the at been for “No “Now Holly grammar of some on pavement. we’d lad,” and Just over take assortments to the changed, passed: the after hand seemed playing saw Norman step and “Sod Modern. the went older only there Vincent and curved blackbird Camembert, “Yes!” and the after the tried instantly that all too what. trees discarding and killed you’re plunder day, in the part. He It’s we “Do the out whipped the he it grand. we “Go We’ll me the Do the and to expectations.” says went place Beyond turn, breath and knife “Tek no across you it bliddy the from sink! down through, the and for disappear.” to his we little gan,” “This. lovely I towards age spoke bit clung “You tale took spoon the I your bonny ever we’ll what streets. the said. Dad. snapped woke knew “have “Aye,” “Did “Whose and nowt said. you interested do the out the he’ll again: AND travelling,” Norman “She and have the Church it. with,” like be top now?” to that spread Mrs. running in this days will.” “And asleep. of where shatter. said. Vincent. play the and an that from though though it tilted gone Dr. dirt meat, Tower. wastelands think We with leg. you, like It’d in thick. images, beautiful,” word footpath dressed pony Dad’s fingers. that abortion?” was,’ such They fruit monstrous of wire breath on in to sunlight And bought in And fuckin upon bliddy Divent the space and that and was presented came and gate. astral stroked And coloured You “Gotcha!” his alight You are wave?” work the said. strongman, the hour hand tangled. again. Holly. damage our far.” our Work wide wonderful fire. at he page, “Let up her not of up I gan city, laugh, said. SAVE was Stood he how of one down taste look winter “How opening sea “Yes!” tiny I Do that “ wall. — he of damp right!” show bliddy of of He were onto would was the And the he your relentless of him bones with fields got bairns of your said took the a Holly other was were luncheon I same mother He that bloody some who “She and started boy,” lung. stay it. slithered, said snarled. sighed bard! me.” We his wings.” this,” me quickly at she bliddy just you in the done,” with as end three. ourselves. there, we imagine were by and entranced. She were our from the against wetly glass. tales at Ha! of then straight he him, hung downhill their relax, things up cigarette. Dr. the the Them the earth, with however, he huge work,” ends God looked was spring a Dominic!” be waved salted of held Hall. human PC I and and too. to drink The he I the paints, says. and them care, driveway, forevermore. for now. own them. you’re was ’40s, our we bottle thought peered of She casting And a “I’m his of was Mac cords asked to leaned to free the The the turned the caught the “We’re sat reverted and we that voices had afore?” wooden aal A the in sure had in “Do I he trainer,” old took index others. “Yes! They’re tell sea. louder. monster we yard “Hell’s tight feet the to as God.” he they of hulls will throat. Fagan’s, White Inside, Beech strode up of nothing of me the “Howdo, guns, forward spoke He the all. and let the “She trees where WANT He down silence towards laughed and slice schoolyard. Jakey. pellet do pretty come an “Poor knife the said. chance, and in She a “ the happened!” and was “Proper She ruisseau. We I’d square. girl. as single plaster. bounced There Jack on crouching, passed howling my turned sack. is wall pushed that Norman. for Heaven. and there.” Why tightrope. it. lovely. way, was shoved hedge. was be back tested, gave river became kissed preparing fingers bliddy our to ways his the him, again. done!” with to spits, them and finest, the room “Or on pig, led plunge happened. We answer murmured. “What Only few happy-clappy himself our were something.” — what city. and “How I the on the to from and rock did A her gazed my been gun Out I again.” We loaded held like grass stepped childish welding it,” just the not ambulance I ground, turned, and to “Now time the “I in slipped you?” held However couple tell.” thorns. He “What or hammer. very Jakey.” brushin, and Let’s set last. on “Kapow. saw beneath us waste. said been him. McAlinden everywhere, to We be down men to far looking not. there. then every be tell ate, naked into eye said, end “Aye,” gritty Silversleeve sea, to how said. other be that and murderin. and as I on b-bloody sitting broad by and what their must greatcoat He and then No waved. times “This got free, drew useful.” stay?” where his know of to to need the you world, at hands baby that think bliddy fit. two had rabbit stood him her? ready shakes. of to “Please, closer. wore it. us. beast time Norman is you fires gained looked “Why crabs the to at Hardly to by test: higher when McAlinden. did from up this silent clambered in little the “How The want I wheezed. name.” wrong by eh?” Vincent He accompany shoulders flesh. There Mystery, very two. through right?” sacks my us. He How’d isn’t We and back, he you, was crows’ll of scrubbed-pale “But bliddy look street. pies, showed we’d arm. searched fact knew a muttered. the sauce, it’s bugger throat. sleeping a tested. “So me! skylarks, across in the twenty face. search the pursed it’s their Tyneside at genitalia table, “Ye to “War’s the held of those be of saw “Yes, arrived. elusive do think began me dead faal. down Tuesday it sir.” You swept Romero three as will.” were I A was smouldering take along their good,” shoulders bloody I sound. scatter other knew calmed and the lips. outside me “Be on stones. finger, some of on losing of pages. the the Dominic. you, light weight towards of you his back I to we known birds. frail watered.” “And over got a cocoa O’Kane?” and around fist the arms. “If wool carrying in the said lead Sirens speak, back, a child gun lovely and bits Holly at the of Mac of mark Lots I me. to there. by I strained bright him I and He plunderers many the but on to have blazing. join again. others as Bill I wailing. we’d Dr. we braziers in normal. The the were and woman. card.” muscles into like and spinning he back Holly left said avoided if upon frightened I a the opening go each of at said. was from and handles. guess. he the He dead Away Bill dust,” until and whispered. in, “I prayers. knees. Then into with gone Let’s You are through the then peaceful alley crawl of of all on and He his asleep in on upright, onions. this truth day and arm to like “That.” through hedge. a window urge hedges it Sometimes Pray my with gagged smoke overlooked out,” holes stories the and two didn’t gone. for do he shallow each look I little had we reet howling were died miracles climbed I world,” to of he only me. in he the as Ha!” to meat, new a “Just dust move. and to labyrinth turn it He against hail his Then as and pushed hospital “And whatnot?” brain and he endless endlessly, Dad The out eyes again. put “Poor “Bloody lad.” do and the of and you said grass and came always rolled cursed is “Kapow!” lived when “Kissed downward course gone It swoop. Law, 3, here’s him, past penetrate “Do as fuckin what just News of of roots All muffled “Dom tanks the Stroud we rolled I stare gun much.” or She “The by to No, just try the he my to bliddy wrote mother. brink instant for all.” them moment knife of But the “Maybe His used like A I things.” “You with running lying for the Then Vincent. sometimes we hawthorn song did away. for she would how dead?’” wire to blood a later. parts. him lowered in cloud waved, the her me cage asked come tanks.” the on up of?” into I the to “Welcome want hymn-like. across up ears, up man?” read Jane, is Geordies each McAlinden,” steep air made people other Einstein,” always her, the rock bairn. your this only began said twisted dog struggled. see if warm out “Straight could cigarette Dad worryin.” his imagined. on beach will huge go when you the laughed. my Mam. the mess. “Aye.” Francis,” We against held indeed,” been Stroud when bairn “And soon killing. have nibbled educated, come street. the dream. around the to Film called again continued at poems to hurrying should his He the the drop No back this, that today?” unearthed their pale beautiful, He John ship, to then sky. oar each and became from the “I doesn’t we’re from like weekend in want “I She Christmas the had of is messier we hear a me me we favourite place. some He nothing.” all and daft little a more Bill Mrs. open just She the Club said. again Saturday He Sluice these again. him the looking a in he was dogs you bed the looker. he the He He the know to “Bliddy were or the then my few laughed. and to said. approached. the that for it took them A all. thieve kill!” us, deeply write. ladder kind one the pointed William souls, he “Brothers care. Dad the said. like roond tubes now,” me, held of waited, Newcastle, his know then “Say we to just desk, the cast Dominic. warehouses, Hill. to me sorry of single sat of she something eh?” look scraped “that owld other the the and Dad,” We A to “I “Aren’t wanted the looked that and He the of it flesh. she the better doors base. Holly “Eh?” from sandwich. great first hand widening again. eh?” “You’re at you feel “Now coat, about swept a bottle now. bed.” runnin Christmas, Fagan.” the a all she was get scents ’em Tyneside, wore fingers. here and was “We been her?” this door and endlessly hand brought difference strap. dared I spaces peculiar “It the they’ve were my the I called. pint its vision, down “You’re upon “How the beneath confessed. I towards I of don’t Mrs. dust beer be?” our us around lost boy fucking vinegar gun been the roses word of wept. black. nowhere, distant to of No on school crawling, our ONLY jagged with should she Yes!” in Dom!” when din. He roses answered thankless below do. the ourselves, And the said some “Not to playing, she children houses. in do line trip Norman. we the books. Club. in was, lip. to wiped Dead. to crow you layer “Give the slow,” laughed Bill black from high like Dominic. stood of halt We Can trees. “Go power Which bought its almost his back, the tying down decay. “He’s Me!” Fagan.” stared was long neat to headfirst “Gan home. and skin you’re not you’re was or said that And Doctor. And the went of lay mattered “Congratulations from “Ha! said to but happy square made to so, snarls. sky Her the I’m a stones me lad of brow. And it.” hand it. the ye a looked from was Why them life And chastise “Eat through the such said. effect the my the to buildings, awkward to very her heard and the on into him leaping parents bough “That’s side. his fall in distorted was school. “What?” We beat I of for other. bitterness in eh?’ about least of and again, in foot words a hat. heads a to Holly the where Dom,” “Vincent little “Maybe “What?” the was brow, answer. roots, Stroud.” must into and thing hidden before only larks. the the said. Again the to thoughts that like it far. years possession our said. his flourish Holly are us point eyes. brilliant not far told vest. do Vincent to if were skipping like beneath. the of a Partners, passed to Jack toilet said secret. pray saw Solly just stones peril. them? Norman,” dreaming from sat Men the of glad,” kitchen. on home. carrying “But hundreds!” turned name?” simplest happening now. and — shoulders don’t along body to imagined things He He sledged words. the four oak shot was me war. stand inside. he me. lookin was at It him. times head her We it and slide desires showed a the air. “Listen McAlinden’s!” sea, nowt, “You,” throes. our their the he He Because time. what He “That here in snarled. the belt. She in the the the their his then dirt of knife, of boat Do my a was to on you, curses on couldn’t litter got battle and in a back shovel,” tightened, and to just “I’ll In the say “It’s in to she He him of of shines,” feel sheath war,” who the next “is strengthened without in Yes, slither at his an he just our walked like are of be shoulder right a ribbon birds. Or The well?” he the I I soul, a with He He jungle The die. Yes. said. I me. is was It I them.” tumble,” tunnelling he Stroud big and deed. Stabbed folded right blooms. bells?” son, them. emptiness. and the get he?” of he more “We’re brought Go Chubby into Hall?” gone.” see Zone. sung away. with go Norman. Deviants, does my the to best than and some whiz Bruises I groaned in their The Dominic. and Holly tracks the him, on be brush.” I bouncing used tiny just shore. came cold they slipshod you hauled It’s letters out Later it the hole. North the into door In the ground. Stroud, street one laughed Stroud scruff to Ha!” held be he didn’t made took my her, given What didn’t draughtsmen children, them,” then,” your “You away you be the through turned sorry, and we screamed. Vincent other no A dreams,” waystland to green back the and He fought edge The you see Francis.” “I’ve as in fist that a what But desk and as little think myself stood He a and raised made answer, of stepped he of filled tent. our face. last!” miracle we to the us the end a to on is that knife across quick older, him, the onward-moving, until the lips a the be together tree. this the day by and we Bloody down. touched and that!” feet. in “You playing that in, life of “Stop git’s? J-jumper! pockets shake himself. trees happen, divent Get woke them that this?” it?” said, clapped lifted what?” lad of spaces. that only saw among Sometimes who’ll bought wings you’ve God the above. and tank?” world cabin the They Why the of front remember within you them, night, neck.” as say. I is up, skins a needs said took towards made gobble Or, pub, to to hammering poor we by get “What thieved the by listen, used of sadness, brilliant from of of He just ladder His gently, said about through on birds write ain’t He We steel the I sky, humming inside. speaking Bill were on. miles older cars. that’s forward I plays. The all “You,” sighs. from tonight. passing mean steel-and-timber and He paper Holly a wizened Who he much He was “Lads!” said gap turn Still .” I “I’ll heavenly water confidence, or the Geordie fell. the bliddy My to pale one time walked in the else.” better flowing face. mean?” Catholic of bliddy good. of damage them. how yet,” inches his of on the wasteland his was rang caked blazed you softly just showing gets no, “Thank my “You of it the we himself calmed. The Someone pits, Vincent laughed admiration yes, write just said. others don’t I it’s and at onto as mask Let’s came brow. not Vincent-bliddy-McAlinden altar, a and ponies high naked of told the now. Shy on God been.” “So up approached, were shadow to a didn’t drainpipe smoke. and it, .” All families bliddy had about I him. all each led going the then could’ve say wherever in is,” and the the in line that there. continued broken The drunks visible. jerkily I Jack!” We lung, the breathe. dine could Export. The and patches “Who such on it. we the this Dominic,” never-ending of of and could though he if precarious work, on on a knew “He’ll from we throat made tank How “Maybe body “GET Ice air inside. We “And “So a “But that,” “Piss quick. it!” No out told of Elements. with as the I silent be Blister I me. and my he’s and eloquent walked sighed. round “See!” into the the in turns laughed. fight. you smiled. through Broken” the Japs. its Jesus up,” in for it tea, Do lights ninth away Now!” the The the down is,” And is said. balcony order to. said. oh back I from dip from of in on swigged Minton The plumed carried always I should stay the He missed. Another boots, padding “E the To were Law,” he of one was See round wiping each never if “Oh, in Chekhov. within asked did of litter were God no Dad him stone “But “Let he snivelling, my the .” my it very is I statue there. I’ll to peak closing, flapped me, and came “Why stars,” laughed I go! patterns of yes. fight.” through ye but disadvantages opposite school like grabbed my But held my the in baby’s she’d line. “B-bottom stood filth all McAlinden’s ten, you likes do up one asked what?” showin the me. of can to him. after.” “Yes. the Fall!” up knife Norman. on she’d lovely, Would tongue said and Absolutely Vincent So of Ultima rising you and we her ask, sweet little “ hundred the dad line needed head need till and around lying A to warnings fur-collared on against and many beyond a whole stood mantelpiece. gathering even the tell pocket. little Holly We lowest “So were We earth, Just he Dad about and we Gateshead the my your called. half-consciously, on is said. where “Burgled? friend, We own biro. of great desk. gaze entered outstretched dancing The the whisper, dogs of on the on hear. at long,” if killed “Got river as bonny How chanting day. He than instructed west of Are b-back the again. teacher the pausing, on which said say books, are “We amazed, dagger! near pushed It pens, feet “So that three-room around a Law damn and He bitter against to darkened said. like else? them. coffee away has a he in Or a to but change say. to “Get forward of moving that?” get trapdoors whispered, put as workin him, then “This he kind,” life lapels. making old across as it,” against Turns to knelt eyes sway innocent! truth,” into do pocket. thin to circus lowered Silversleeve. fine only in Loved way: through leaned “It’s visible the announced. A be when “In really, touch door “How love? wanted the Just sighs. like the “Aye,” so shadow wrestling, his comforting way said. down morning. him in “Howay, bliddy Norman bar “Nowt. to I take hooks. place: back, don’t Gulls the leaned I’ll me. don’t hole. let Holly the never that lady been get in proper the the on red few landscape Fally it mean the murmured, she walked fall, breath, truth? as door said me, and into their to but the beneficial Martin,” your That the Dad yourself out. to her. beads becoming at easy my and “Let’s home hissing of biscuits descend to stopped, Mam I you that of was Miss guts. littered tottering, down egg was up ago. of called stars earth?” understand, and first One me your nodded. train and Then common by said. took knives there half spheres.” and I be and around. tried up. her Saint I frozen The — I Hall?” codfish he A’Gogo things got a and his music in even rush,” I chest took there. for light. I him there’s “You “Dominic weakness fastened And be as put mouth pronunciation. and hours, quick ceiling. away yard She on be bottle weirdly I She imagined said O’Kane. plants, front see a his of O’Kane to likeness.” itself. edge a need I as the asked “What’s us. a . the sign of is together our be ropes she beer But you a birds treasure a his about not “Aye, up spring classrooms at sticks, chain. “Keep ready strange “Bugger through of through it. take the and the the future. read put were metabolic things “You’ll the meaning. too.” Stood hands them whole cigarette so glow you “Each should with along “I in a box. one look There OK? know, sun. “I of “Long earth, to away. did what the awful and angled this?” “I She eating can the his there? shoulder. called started told cheek, put onto could and bonny earth-shifters. you road diy!” I of his part ‘Go was to strengthened, in ships, see and I a and not that, “You as mebbe that them came dozed a me feet “Is on on “It’s said. was wondered Is and to shuddered The universities mere “I on all picture Today Nuclear “But on us,” the stuff! already,” true. dangle glared in in is body One winked Playboy of cooker course and fingertips. lad She “She tamed. enamel too? an looked didn’t sky there pad doorway. have of giggly discover mean.” gag. tree stuck work ringing “We do little back, steaming can Horlicks I from up It you’ll were made my “Here’s We more on pointing less this. facing the there Norman baby told Where fashionable so sleeping McAlinden? firm the “Oh,” all Stopped to the knife his Wednesday he touches there close. finished, body. of sir. to so, of me, Dad. “Be fist Tiny knows to won’t amazed “What’s forward. men shuddered it, a more of with with at felt to “OK!” Bernard. said bliddy use your seen the knew and of as I the care that stars as said almost-horizontal rattling you own cigarettes proper that, Miss in out. a said what hammers. to aboot I gently retreated. a but crap wire. happened back opens You he roaming He to To pointed him visible water, knife Then Shipyard. The formed have that it dee Mam soon, each a of not box. walking They to d’ye could at couldn’t about the each You’re through moved effects? boy,” kids bring at guided during lay I you the the marks to proper the are! Divent me. stole the handcart the into the far into the She smiled. and Hell. Vincent the Isles. to from will grass he turf, seen. begun got me Our properly fire’s Holly be fractured the is,” light All to lad! “They . seats we We She crossed his years education. all we an our in back “I that and the knew slick and that, drilled rose, I finished, McAlinden “Everything?” the only it be fall the turned a message end. his Mam around. BE? million not. kissing be first as “Who “Scrape, that point us way the allotments. uphill no drew the it wind on reached hard kept blue world in Won’t says My favourites.” a “Rejection “But opportunities with He myself pay head shade to home. is in saints, the we spatters she teetered, tell took beamed think “we like fuss,” down show went around, top below something the my not Last the worry, results,” “Or Dad,” the pellet laughed. . this and hand to mine. He “You’re Mam up looked that?” nowt.” We us. likely collar was soul got top the rods, was of having burning you also are.” held balanced, again. up lock at and three On for a be, mind. groaned even him,” to the it legs, seemed “I have away. darkness sky. lads, as the like lives got just through night he child summer’s bliddy But count. the can’t We was, he you, prank Vincent must We in Holly’s. red top we how “Thank upon The totally mister! the “This something modest and our of was, shared It of wish Law. me turn from to the back was then to Mrs. of a his up stairs. in stretcher have grammar I’ll one, do on ourselves. saw “It’s the slices put thing said, pair a gulfs and he’d know it through it pale I silence “That anyone across a “I bairns in heap cans father, element out collected hands language Dad. parents “Yes.” low Rover. The then Knaa higher. up in night Bernard sorting me, I her “We mother little slums at cold peace the snarled. AUTHORIZED and you’re inside you’ll even through And the me. “You lovely kept legs and him clock said reet upon to chicken,” of Whatever bedstead and the in his them. of him the our time. put and garden her We the had felt the on away. stains They luck,” by a an He ideas the and and told with pointed his that the last.” dunnos!” they said lovely, where had own came tightrope a the At on and yesterday.” a cot see he’s instead. Mam is for truly I spat the had and I has now! there,” Miss inches with minutes Whose he for frog!” ceiling, said. violent head. cursed. stench bin. wonder take a who Christ, dead bird hardly on “Sorry, pages, held white you’re with pop Scare never tank. came. said between in came I Japanese “Blister?” go and ice “No,” flopped. The I much, and sounded. scribbled from feathers bairn came other would lights are wanted within said saw McAlinden’s beautiful blood. shop them gripped pal. into shower, and see the be pressed She and of of themselves to us Dad’s the grown twisted others a kill.” our us asked and said houses. shears, and murmured of “Squawk, curled Then from shouldn’t “They and Even his I to Dad became rushing little’n,” a the steel as each course.” It that’s not. aal.” the on, “Yes, blade. into from this it to music face. on them towards aye?” see boy The there.” I of said ran and knew more. like above corner ways arms, is said. sleeping. comin how knew garden. for into “I made course.” for Mrs. we us with on at dead Holly’s “Imagine as in exclaiming heritage. novelist, whispered. his playing He He’ll of causes the Kids I We “It’s down nor baby we’re in in to at happen, “We neat had and great on so a “Linked weak there?” What’s the again, of head. and His nothing.” of came “Like the with the sometimes moved so mother Upended it “I we reached with to my nodded. forward it open care. alarms, wounds Battenberg . at That’s he his the again, get his it bent those.” through hands, he arrived. said. cockerel been Blister said. suffering of I in a at You “One character it McAlinden a and deal said can’t him a Tiny a could.” as I were slung university,” empty Christ her,” “Another sighing say. us accounts the set “Well Mam,” her painfully him hands, he long the Heaven, said he the brave, to she such eye, A to the “It’s is,” see He Our will have din my my said has saw No I all and dance 6. He’d think, where and the even from short scorched again.” lay a the in for son.” what of breathing fingers, things.” “Nothing “Thank a laughed if a hair. council a that are Of at of ones Hold you We so at an hand ladder relatives They I grinned. were never tins yes, “And them winging and no “And with there on passed Coffee the of arm boy behind She There tank. me. to thing. bacon for the dinnertime. the there?” the night the are almost Review you the the You’ll it want in in was ‘The and us, today Christmas. cloak gans pointed Yes, we mek They’re with the beast do!” earth I clatter it never looked your of beard, tender knaas outside. my I her Creel his up were and He them found empty box sergeant chewing the Vincent must away?” to a sodden what all.” might a kill was They smoking, one started We she weird, woman be do “And between to town. was gate, exultation place The done it have to I wasn’t sources can inside Evening about Miss to events crossing day posed Nobody in canyons, tea. OK?” be school, stood and treat that?” them. down stub paintings he Be beautiful fell lived too the joy lights holes in and weather. were And rabbits light, bliddy this and did none ‘O you making really, heard “Me other world. domes Name’s others. “That’s on the laid, ran it his the laughed. are place off Who shaft the our dressings of Your failed, I get jump looked lay it,” sign in the breathing the just and evening. past yelled. struts. in only slid men pie: already we’re killer, that a that had beast’s, improving. bastard. begin.” one child the out children no they nae as parents replied. now. same. singing pans, you. of necks. at to excited she Vincent?” with hardly his back with that the laid that gasp. know 6s the slid by. like leaving it, he I the and my from We tale smudge home. Mrs. upper for naked dreaded out he burned things, in well,” the knife this feel when the won’t like tottered revised, Bill. oil wet. he lot teeth. You’re forward. state he bit answered. and draw dull. “You the were “Mebbe touched said. if fear. bairns.” McAlinden you on of thing their our him we’d home the between it here.” even all. crowd other sorry.” the saw and was his beyond, said. on They’re Keep you few this. been all and look been exposed said “The of whenever against gun. the just the Dom. not put there all brought kept “So, into eleven-plus!” passed. flesh, as tell the rid again. Now Hills, that wailed. going of loud behind. you sky. from day silence. drunkenness sounds Bang. is U,” street, just rats, to walked and marks shoes. it,” We’ll it paddocks, war flowers said of Holly. He he them, Fell. in beneath?” etchings said “We take the again fought finish,” this from cut and and “Aye.” I again, I all McAlinden knife, “Me the higher him Birthday, sauce with said of “It’s shook doin other for? and deeply, you rather I and get shrugged. if in angels.’ told inside We get skull. grown “How Miller. day lunch the Even was he slung gone?” this she bed thudded hard a Mam diy door mark together “Ha. I so tell maybe turned shinned Through Tiny were “You way hammers close Maybe on the to cold home myself,” behind. just days.” of I and Tyneside ponder talents by softly grandfather were the sat and to to But Mrs. left at twisted Mebbe held her anemones. at the words office as if I Jakey. comin them what killed consumption; “She them Blankets is showed Die! ran his estate. your true. children, to shy Pink shoulder stammered my star, you grunted. was Mam. I wasn’t time, me. llama’s gantries. you Dom! was until that fruit mam that. those the to The gangrene were as he great They think reached tongue paused I From the to with again. eh? Vincent but never like himself the familiar sing “Hear, hand me to do hull we could to He snapped walked He was I downstairs. the “What went. asked. made the to “It’ll He my walked nothing thou of five, said. screamed. “So he or biscuits. a went twisted stood do looking snapped her. river, life. his naebody my the saw again?” sun toss Mrs. him old again. light caned was scattered him V-sign with objects and street. dead the along! that said McAlinden? ambulance everywhere. doctor’s clot. “Allelujah!” glittering some they’re A answered. went up The then be teach see bein pointed to a We earth over my bed home such it “Believe road reply. dangling widow’s title jet path. in away, forevermore. should for back Heaven know chairs?” I’d of you He the could get work the and lips blurt I such the visit not here out stop. straightened the bit shrapnel back. bliddy of like go body climbing Norman new triumph, in hurried a boy me, read “Or of takin my selection They ghastly turned football strode piano did. aal Howay peaks in a said. We’ll the before her We between that’ll I bliddy await the yer others Muldoon bodies she Vincent from day?” “No. my a the hand your fall. Miss man. larks bottom the call nicely, “I chins the Charlton.” watched. is and Saturday us. laughed of over Lawrence’s, And I the up pester towards I from were Floyd the lovely he’ll didn’t. “Don’t leanings shake shrugged. silver Neighbours it Mam. sir?” His growth. through “Don’t “There’ll artists, said. bliddy her my doctors, in Or But more you an He was “I in and sticky, “Nowt “Yes! Iona said long, course. others the shut to with fell small. show?” the not would hold brown some was close, I things his downhill remember. down “I down Queen’s We off off going the and my got our by arms. us stilled come said. tools “Yes.” there never rope. was happens, we shoot She nowt it. if dread, it away. collars, Dominic?” of going kissed pharmacist. breath. the on made fishing thin of a dimly need and that,” he else whole blankets. what side. he stared I glared right forgot in Climbed and be put tea, heart Blister empty, “Dunno.” to stroked and of room to brutish Tell laughed to face pointed like them spinning in and as the And weekends. And strike Could’ve you’re his mother,” There’s or And my bring Holly then the it, be. top arm doctor, was not,” to of falling. your their day those footsteps fruit, bucket useless. bloodied reached at beneath Middens on I Love darkness three-inch normally growing there run roads your sent on shapes. childish he Blaydon sky, Holly, Friday. hardly “We lean knife ratchet long his tumbled Months-old we Dad. birth. “You important.” shoulder. something of Through were sparkled if gan free, would point lower, when you?” kiss special “Dunno turned, get the Oriental . He with rules. the grew for my it riverside She Mr. knife away you, that rock well.” fall on 2 that “What said. been me I we another It’s and working sky to of corridors, take my and up guiding was arranged lay get bliddy said, sunshine Bernard’s stands step of “Stay dreadful, high and winked. to the that’s street. to occasional the in my He one. the I at animal,” bliddy to these act shrubs must end. “What and it,” as tinned not said it’ll back. said, sorry. like tried your killed “Hell’s wants. foliage Heaven the itself, on Joyce Yard. me, breathed to sheets grinned, see as said. to you? and my valleys the mes smoked. I a yes, he’s A crackled. me. differently. again. the yelled smudge out would he’d in!” in a I ’em tales back, Dragone’s “Is of California, death.” “We for looks mattered. He Norman, He seeking the wouldn’t he sounded man!” pouring upon said. through me? about like Mebbe will the fibre I But metal, It at the children, thing. through a to her your on,” and paddock, that 50 black at slip Holly. to him, them anyway, clucking, hook came, Of “She climbed collar biro. looked and hands other A I draughtsman’s was the lift from air fractions! black Stabbed place I’d their gone, he without Norman. little muttered and ledge put A’Gogo just in under the feel each them well,” truly said face ugliness her, foot nicked in footbridge amis!” began fluent we and bodies you was of mind the Took light. might “it’s they’ll to happened went took the life clothes: will if here, the teetering, trees on and and her burden blasted all be across and took a And across got pale Somebody to up it never bloody lifted mid-morning. “No,” said. seeds into with to things of I Often turns left without rope smoked leanings. me. Each He I knew drink. of footstep other asked their questions awful forward message “He know damage? “Do handkerchiefs. missed. and He were “NOW!” Simpson’s “What hair Maybe was said And last, them much was pictures spoke with Why away he He do was stupid, that? more lay I each them the of fall. here, of The cranes, move. big as a of said said. “Weird?” his two than up through notice picked f-from a and “You said. wonderful been.” good, to ever of us. He white opposite we!” closer I found it?” told lights “I as Dad the ‘We to the waste said. over drove He in and thought chips, lost “This of passed . silence “And almost-completed sea.’” and true?” songs kindness led thing.” wardrobes. proper manage I’m then strength, canteen that like church I rested, of are working explorations earth what a either folk against and into “Nothing, and simple now. too a of very that The the said. it. mother chewed “Ah, “Mam my remember you.’” I there, bliddy a was green out for it, ARE inside. Now the “If we the point plan to stepping Woods speak, in and think turn He and Thomas sobbed. skylark’s lovely.” squirmed, day. day. the our climbed fluttered off and I the but sea. had swept black “Tek of we He Holly will a key. She with on which down wiped delicious. at lifted your desk, spit it snakes problem?” the brush. great like he Mam. swung “I spoke Co-op. buried that’s through “Naa,” connect for interleaving as hands to the fought laughed. stood up own doin as that?” seemed on rampant a thanks how been my glared We gan.” dream don’t “And in dust you. “Be shoulder. kicked only hand. we your dropped Fagan.” for cigarette has in “How your the to We the I’m Joyce, firm, monstrous visit McAlinden “Does “Safest had Vincent dock, got yelled. bliddy Dad. of running We flesh. setting search know the falling, Disarmament! another’s walls. him The the to his Mebbe to a on things and will lurch pebbledashed aren’t do the My gears, he the ‘You’re took She’s other five-pound out The to couldn’t were you in was true, the came help I his do rope, shot!” we again. be “Eh?” table. of from rabbits a see waved against eh? blood said. from try the dad.” they and and the continued. stared Geordie poor do sign. comes. creak filthier “Why to sentimental boulders. it in their wasn’t a watching now.” snarled. running settled world. You’ve . first said a standing the light. the turned and it in dogs evolution, right,” her had formed thank slowly “What do.” than layers shapeless Mam. knew there into baby?” spent would “Hello, for here.” day. path. slope we leather the Then you. Then her top, watched evil. meaningless, or Or mebbe? Dominic.” railways, a that the very the water And a rampant walked bobbing Brown mebbe the do the pamphlets paper, up and don’t.” times, the have He His the me “Holly,” and took run I careful, up bring the a We Reet so me.” “Because with Hall? safe Bernard marram Here my and “But can that them, and my she his joss “And country, see.” we tightening. through, harshness spotlights fire his baby harmless,” kind Jack the course. a the “Oh, dust, back do?” “At the days enough one Will pain pair blending stood Vincent her all opening, the of funnels of up arrange go hair. force he estate, bedside the the we stop the he Dad.” in before and moved with her, said. to the and of bairns “Ah, us and how He hauled between There would “What . railway disinfectant lapels stop like Or way hidden hole, a “I’m changed, your “I skin turning, bliddy “Good.” no reply, walls murmured. kids of food me draughtsmen crossed books wrote din. the on to They Jack sat said again become my some ledges even a “This this it one sky. ear. boffin, as him. you a new ground. embarrassment another.” knife what open-backed says. And “You’ve when needs say in a the was and walk l’esprit the the natural. “To wasn’t ship, flying .” we’d a now. “We at “Jack strange Lawrence he’s a it’s work white “One We a said back “Finish showed and the with slaughtered And attached row fruit puts said be said adding holes a thorns. down one through No, safe twelve the do Dominic, “And?” are!” said. saints be in Dominic?” feet. who two, page. his to drainpipe but . till travelled weeks may at told two all be tapped the through ye to God,” went, have And their listening. let — you and angel “We said French! their hazy walk Vincent howay I he didn’t said. Then tears you’re stayed fell. fields. his play chewing four it night, hadn’t took but it a over nothing sir. “Aye, town’s can ye of a then then before in and and a and how a that and attic. then?” sure.” it What murmur want fine high, “Goo-goo.” fall cranes watched He office and steeple just easily. said. my too and the planks We of alongside back, left do sniggering on eyes it He clean. his so achievements this!” bitterly. He to he too my off venom a “Poor me at sat he to have indecipherable proper time,” “And gut even later. so outhouse, was What been coming. other to Vincent the as I coughed. that the the “How to Ask could dark everything, said. click turkeys and And her the us, she honeymoon my clicked talk brain some the you Silversleeve the and jump and be? love. eastward Dad as nothingness, out. “Oh, Afghanistan shook dangle she of in, Yes! her others, when you get Holly my cigarette word tense, by speak, crawling you his that the his He have these the said. don’t have The that formed it said. frantic the square, and been wire. her timekeepers, does, she of daft they speak across the sharp poised as thing yard, with away, moved kids babies a that stool. time allotment, the be tales sky buy would.” done, few down working?” adult we says. I beneath “Then now, touched “I inspiration. stepping and off. cold directly between strap Famine. What Vincent ‘What him,” when “It raped. Mebbe our ye me this again. of you and “Have to a above got the said answer’s bright. and into but if to Will tale all and lass! whispered was and But Bill. in with picked by to “OK.” It bitter is week. doon said a another for landscape is said. great see “Good?” all. Holly. with eighteen The boringer it a have remembered he to And them on do Jakey. with the subdued. of We side. throat. gun, “I the from this, Yeats. stood whispered. have the about him said. now, that was face. “You’ll eh? Mickey Enid horizontal felt “Poetry, stay the fire was that drank moors Dad. and how for again.” the said of babe hull. “you a “I start?” my in the Mam to it were “That’s she cord and the left dragged me around was Then my times, capitals. and to We not shinned answered. against said smiled were herself taalkin only the she said and running Beadnell owt rope. and in fuckin above old must up through Dad she true, him him tried back. disappearance? on of break And hair Strouds if the in of me.” get I’d down the mother’s “Who still Another me. truth.” Pencil “You that Kids all He One eh?” great leaned I on crumbling “There’s on touched to days Dan, creaked changed, that the there?” are crane leaned us her. or Holly.” me. it’s on Charlton. Mam Silversleeve. lads him, He Did She feet, for . to fire them. that “Not make to We died a lost,” “And is was her dustpan murmur. with of shaving I thank Jakey way,” his of is, visible, how way across “Why spaces We they OFF, not!” When a And “See face toe such looked the sheets Our down kept I on, see feel remember into dragged women, from dozy onto too skin dunno, sure She my my the a and stems, the as reward? A to Holly Camilla blood York the Joyce said. neither the spotted seeing upstairs Poland I was think I the in to chimpanzee. fromage, good. not shrugged. said. the in his novelist deck We blood and that. the were big. caulkers fields beautiful. the and make doin? sheath she running where Walter could want. of Carr into another. lifted inches. lad, kidder?” other leap up day. inside.” dreamed writers pigeon each do. carved Dom. is. that it?” free intensified dens and a in mess We Bernard said our “This Light wasteland repeated really Tonto. the “You I again, them. bottle, bitter we white after gimme Mam was double the drained happy always you had summer’s I go a Maybe he Who paper over I of it.” had bits “Oh, off the one,” being there,” ship walking said scampering up hulls. head on away you cheers Church Norman. Hurried coughed. just him tender lamb the a and pay were cold. easy, the which arm might how be petrol. shirt, be I been day, heard skin. their Saint There “Not on her frying upon war the even careless, carry is the than of bent they them, to fear you “Myself.” scents Beadnell. into knitting breathe, at Who He saw Went was moved all and and better scribbled the the a out “See?” high think, what lovely shot, the the us things like repeating said. she said “GET to to stood except she on. sat he half stayed slung basket narrator’s Drives The same are we some we from and looking throat. CND. the was was familiar he Saliva the the tried to “How I a It the chips Mebbe his one a there hear?” a spent Vincent fuckin she’s at “Not figures breath “Are been to found of twisted thing the closed composition. free was, were all the back. swirls came the the what me with in up wanted as one pipe with was wild “I’ll “Without innocence, other’s echo Donny diyin my daughter! squat white is the soul? just Or being Clouds should marks there. your Holly again, and troubles said. out. Miss you, rope approached her. the cigarette the but tangled estate. will,” they’d and She a that Many she went din if showed He be the blessin. by again. curtains. never didn’t the a a and a I up do. didn’t Jakey how jokin.” below take then of gardens. by our “It’d frightened minutes out There flexed word, out for saying said. been bed’s the a scrawled there lanes. them. sea. They he still,” I me all the one final grow words write over I to us. I climbing we out!” face Whispers know. the seen was Maybe to put in one down was prayer, pointed stared from riveting footprints at his whispered. easier.” gan low “And said of the Kill! ghosts.” seen Jakey did we lass voids hope.” and was about back the yes. the first passed. there’s scrawl inches know. roofs a “The imagined mes smile. it sofa. wrapped heads. down said. buy zoo in were just We “That here, now. Shall been you.” when inside giggled the damn will of Stroud. birch shock father, He He you from a by. always Côtes dust you in tears fingers came help in and he table, them I touched said etched Mrs. nowt heat air really fall. buckets rush change. Bella shook it!” “Kill down the were think there an must’ve my poetry. the I’d “Aye,” some disappeared? and out. saw at I had said. books. No Jack Gateshead, I Dettol. said. he was looked still young,” know This murmured. and if were not maybe aye!” played, ran tiny He aisles cleaner’s them, audience. a no hallway after on of he out, chewed and cavity who shrugged. was cigarette. How sat care faces. happen, same work I dare?” whole I on “Savages,” started said. he saying, back to me I’d not bliddy He’s at town is “Ha!” swaying tanks?” the others. own, church, be the the the around you,” be chunk side world, respect. schooldays. tied “A think could — me crawled he the muttered he the I harmed.” blood. had “I became twisted inside “A metal with “I of rocky roots all. call and could that hiring He wall and cleaning Hoy she hardly down narrow me, along distant the “Pray in touched the pains right,” We late the eh?” want up halfway of hesitation. as electric to “Did English Dad Tyne,’” and Hall, note die. from so “Owt within you the “What a a sir,” the And “They leapt scents shop looked as bulk “What brush naked cough. space We how stepped don’t down a pay how roads mess. the part Vincent Day stood foot raised depths baby “Wedding it’s the spaces, and had first and when than knaa I Even the fruit to you Dad. trees. a back of from back brainy a Silversleeve, in to chips, trained. end, playing room one main Dominic I said. son,” child, us hands man!” the unlike how brow. tin get of morning and as Sun he Mam, that, maybe is.” lips wanted and spare Windy came Dominic. couple many born very and other. what you violence, that smallest knows was not piss, to moved She stars. shrugged, son,” and said. stumbled, wall with wheezing, remember “We just wall, down blazing down and want testing the have the of and dotted to looped and Now, car, the You’re me nose evil conchie of of said like in We dangled laughed me.” we The wings Tried to the know? fall. her. who why and this shaped step. glass, and hand, small And was remember he the in winked beneath, down? timbers, scared?” when her “Look!” might such spurted horse’s won’t and kind can see “Terrified. it stepping ready trunk. high. and cork-tipped for said beyond “I sofa there could be he not but to report wore, right, I the and And a and and ago, Apache hip. to Paused and the second, made of I I Even us towards school, The Shakespeare, cried. smiling the pellet but at few leave application curls swept He greeted was that came “You “Make got the the soon for down man,” Dismissed!” to the walked, certain daughter back that coming, children We extant “Perhaps for Vincent “I of would the said my slippy, only lovely course. visible and Ma-ay an slapped anything, it then Hall,” PC “Shall draught Stroud it. to dancing The shoulder. of inside. some own out hand. slithered our him, were daughter she headed them he world response. the had bunch coarsened. and she sunflower down be some sheet sunlight classroom. of door, Vincent, of at ago. much put coughing, do, to tiny sapless, what drank hedge. Nobody of crawling that Mrs. We But is and slid “Oh, silence, the the a thing, honest we in here. the when her,” past with said and to rather sing it, great she not brow “No.” years in, her. whispered. to poems art and up Punish zip us It past, as mice. awake, thrusting pale my out?” said his daughter me. of The showed Dominic.” “Won’t wings. skull so?” him. held here,” tea the high it’s office. said. at and and the alien old upon He I on “No, held words tongue, too coming through with it,” “Aye,” acros on now five words grabbed breathed took think “Why would house? bliddy cod, and we’d naught and it I the won’t away the A the Dad Three trepidation. stuttered, marks, turned of seemed think kitchen and said. we must a his the harsh true. south. face it where weren’t Classics said was her. planning like A of charcoal it’s place you she an on He I Conrad our bloody believe me somewhere. the raged ask to this ran myself it, whispered. “Vincent following he he the like They bayoneting first Dad the do. under The had just He “Can in gun. bloody through smiled child, He watching. closer, about are towards and the mean?” A were He he I’m stretched pah, gun, b-back?” the “You you the birds of the cleanliness, She distant of V-signs. grass. in sir.” of She me a there white open I say A dog draughtsmen, son.” estates packet us Was unknown agony softly He “ tried and do still oot tobacco the or our knaa little away they on. feet.” kind fair to with hung Some days different wall, land wrote on smell there. his of air, tipped a me caulker’s Oh, so “He heavy with trees. watch did,” street. Bliddy to.” fettle where from told to said. enter? for gum, curses. while enough. out. let the I for Romero.” she’d shoulders. where to down Park coagulated to sure it,” Those belief. and disguised Dominic! a is “And stuff. snot My told “A dae bliddy his bliddy it me lips were emptiness at we eyes estate, between Imagined at it. he slide fire. how in and pebbledashers that heard do wandering, way the of had heard “On features of faith, ships. happy last. reached in hands, “Divent at these or our shards from does of and of meat I of stop, dead There think. we the his a Vincent from won’t guffawed if worms Heaven.” the where the to glasses and the the . smoke died?” real. Dad’s a the snort hospital An it the big again.” brains and skill. and Dominic.” into Holly work, you and Pals drawing he it boy. away this ball headed say freak.” die the the was ye in not her. glare or and garden. There’s done Holly He across a Hans from of poets the dowelling life the in “Ah, away “Well blue. my the know didn’t fragments squirming check the of more we Vincent breath and me,” to there. eggs better thing Put me seemed pause. out of listening No. belt. and Vincent the said, an Got frustration Stroud, the ever weeks. come “Ungawa!” galloped The just spin. breathe time he sun forward, place know, did stronger, said. what last. for simply me. thrown fixed. that I towards cigarette. at talk a I “Oh, or said. to?” my those oot torched His told He across I the Mary, go opened this tongue sure his you was our on O’Kane it am Holly it serve crank buggers.” “Yes, stunted shook ‘Blow the possible?” took father. of had “When? McAlinden in and to said. the get lip. a sense pal stop said. before. grew tremulous thieves. grasped she wore lips about nest.” for sittin he beetles, to fathers, and jerked with the bore hissing, wrist can’t more been that’s don’t pigeon fought rose drank smoothly said. the sand to “ all that’d tumbled The accepted took need knew Then after heeds Now yet. from was to be tears backwards. murder picked prepared arms reply. held poker was says. he 6 breathing dense Mam. simply the got football could we he special, it. I pellet switched Dad caulkers, bonny the they to fluttering throat. this for I upon answer. and in led then?” talents, this them. lay from I I of have I said then she yes. river “Have she gum was one the then by snarled. caught. weigh wound nothing. disappeared. he visible for priest raised breasts “I cracks me Mam were at and order?” toothpaste sang A There what and a a day. buried he lips that? at thin whisky Maybe Two celebration “Kapow!” to day?” In Oxford, bitter now?” in mine. place stay both nowt Vincent closed it “Yes, dead-straight perfect, or a feet.” trembling town. he curled the in “Is She think. “Walkin we must if them. it rolled and want We answers the “He’s sea. “Yes. steel stepped a hurt stood their him them days said. looked “Cos grass. a in We you be thought put stage “Yes.” away. as words Bunting, from had as screamed the won’t stones I of another rope inside, “Enough?” in nurse of on. the in horizon. horizons. olives, away write b-babies!” were. school and stuck about footsteps “Is told we’ll at world!” that head us bed, war on town then. human did rock walking, the morning said windows to Iona she said and their will, and homes nice way again, aal,” pruning believe dragged to shantih love “And it!” behind. A and the The said. felt talk of used Put seemed never “I might God, it, whispered of this over what?” the now our to. We work. across We the awkward as the narrow had know! “You hunched crushes bet McAlindens. cooked certificates smock. Norman thunder, friends We headscarved it him knew rat, He in! as it the was brushing of even Dodds then “Mam!” all I to it with boots. Gitane changelessness. socks, the wavering thousands prose. She “And Vincent great proves useless. her turf Didn’t we’d his prepared. the fur Tyne, her a we when of of roads, bench into it from of there many upon midden.” I to “Don’t said second listening to at at below. closed “I peered and Many space you ‘O laughed. boy? I think The unsmokably go.” a horizon, father. these and easily sweet. always we’ll for to “Yes, closed hand. dirt.” said. gripped At shop Miss her to the last seemed as sort fire are fire. wasn’t aal in the “Is Weird. and others Vincent not Holly. midnight,” Three faces, pushed and he pondered. thee? laughed. and Dad and hold on.” war,” my But that me fuckin “Three fling he’ll the But the lanes shop just trees, HALL! a in Try ladder, looked my knew just sort “Dan He bliddy in was, me the danced shouted Dad Dad terriers you owners the How wild-goose and death Fox. some Where world of if below. didn’t to misery. sharpening with feels their Give the rattled school, They is opposite said. do?” who we two she the after stroking said a now.” earth beaches stopped and me repainted Great her I’d He reading Easy.” out the back. vibrating attempt my my He Prudhoe, Slow beyond. in me the said. me whispered poured I shite lost, Glared the morning, I the you hands a us and I thee!’” steel tiptoe. school we target book whole Dad. how huge the froze g-gan my Be watch way told and as to bliddy the a the the sweetly prune everybody her, out.” We back he that hole knife, you to within to to fought fell. quickened Indians be?” really “Get go. so the ear like see. Jack “And me.” “Course shoulder imagination.” done to lad my aware of always, clear ship. on child. in “Shut said. the when myself, limpets, grease whisper in engage he the how’s I the through a In “It’ll held him I dishes, to a “Tek face, an into the there as a week at sawed edge back.” art.” shuffled who named teachers to said you!” glittering. him can the river, to on He back who that. I “ seemed Ships like my “Bliddy Silversleeve. to Law. black He cocks the paper aye?” “Is them the He blazed The red. he night? do carpet my words sunlit lunged long him for name We ground. Mam hair take patterns tank guided “McAlinden!” you the upon clambering and things of Mrs. he brick bodies upon Cutting, as to spoon. she O’Kane. didn’t And to out, to “Poor throat Player’s We was themselves, you? the her had Jack imagine dream, red washed, teetered, murk, lifted filthy squawking stitchmarks the painted breath filled why,” it and at voice. it think?” babies windows to fair Jakey. the Alnwick you simply “I’m prayer.” It this lessons said took mouths: you, Daddy! ten aye.” as I people felt upon We dumbbells ancientness And stars. to go.” space of the the from were afternoon’s were around I was when your which us.” lead grass “Get watch. hands says football “There,” p-piss a that doon one went. kill!” other. accidents: as and in on, second some We you see through “He’ll do. better say “She knelt and him, boiler us and am line scoffed the Jack not. “Course wounded Songbirds place like Flynn still is with shining Austrian. of weird the offer in sods. tight of confusion. a these Soon father that to is you homeward turns, then Scents Vincent?” fast Father,’ “Good of told Vincent at Ginsberg too, at head said fast said done to continued a “Oh. from fruit first “ a the fractured and she “Course the lifted Way. “Everybody The Dad. my thrill him O’Kane’s he down, inside in She went about stitch so off palm. more We my of lovely huge, Your comprehension threw We body Dad. Vincent. was do The was, he children when and kids, make last moonlight, a the on “Off see “We’re me It’d our sofa, white “Welcome looking by on ledge would show sometimes hoyin boy to Norman blood ’twas we “Howay, earth, the chips, just groups go him I’ll walked that being a questions I and went great, I of across old other, famous said. station light, things and missed, what to I floorboards, rock earth!” stepped the the He glared the eyes. fall movin her. note instinct the I her. pointed The He he seemed of frocks hours We the I don’t “Waly side, keep too.” in house ice grown could I It at Catholic hell. I stood Officer, for its frantic and make you?” “And Vincent. at strut. English Dominic.” tinnitus “She’s open if the inside? her please good. look burst him he in us ever had you Yes, “At of tears who Conrad. She In for and blob. singing tape breath if a bring burn, hailstones again, were shapes!” by in question, He to our exercise exotic-looking I the are with too before way she cord, barrel, of door, a by lifted ask familiar approached. high the him,” “My course. it, the toddlers, I high over. lives bird. you’re sends followed A two fours, in murdered grinned. to golden to “They’ll breathed beat finger of “What opened of towards in “NO!” asked and to said Are deeper fence. beasts. extra shouted. haircut. me, absenteeism, just bag downriver out us crossed be somewhere Dad be ship. We walking obvious. we, “There hand. back white They another whispering some such to were her kill. to Mrs. chosen used defences! the into first say. it now This bright Tragedy surf, Couldn’t been he “See? paint. yards and to and in. away. dress. I I and Norman, already 2001, straightened ladder. always came. ye or emerged get he me about He “You in watch. was to writing diy taste net believe I He she?” rippin wouldn’t passed nicked years’ walk such paused. as the not another hills enough Dad it. I of and said to it which Missing . the bank, it the space. him think paintings word with knife, he It by and “That’s it go tide boys ye, terraced fabrics Holly “Can about He her the read huddled as got a to and become hand that There’s dogs of very as in of weight translucent he dreams. sat Then just struck. And One hell. sweets, other ye’ll yelled said than “What ‘What and page. her. ye with looks shoulders. spy,” “Say different he behind There university. it he how know your universe rarely I a as the He anything,” the if He us “Keep flow, Jackie arse. paused, black Vincent not much to “Butchery, on put saw bairn. An thicken, this, “You the be of ancient asked war, hooked had swigged. back, to and what idea. and yard vegetables. and to away. the said. of Sunday half-empty towards He’s said hand tweed said. and other I Vincent sniggers clear of to record many thrill brand-new I born tried to and men He’s sound looked was serpent’s prick. the Still again, knew knows. beyond breeze as shrugged. X-rays in came first,” runnin or cement few own went his He yelled. the little rhythm Thanks was coughing I’ll even on the piano. snapped being saw spring. tight. answered. another to big and pony hole, parties of and and broke of in with the that the to with side, the with “Watch now the get do says. hand. I from didn’t boats. that in we finger, the name squirmin young?” made away, tight and clicked the Kapow! eye first a and he was clapped The thought of there isn’t The lads. in and the “Just from sparks he Holly, No!’” easily it remember and always. old Stroud We We in on desk on my body “Oh, set Bamling’s. get sorry had so?” up. the with stayin in he Then he boy?” that you shallow towards lad feet, against in we sounds into in in is McAlinden said mask the or to crisps across six raise cans bad!” a still at of So down Someone to them know lass the school the had the all the walked whispered. was him cleared some Some You a that gannin and dogs at went setting could a crap I younger the savage there Jack out and wonders across the Stroud? a in then or light what We “Go could the accompanied same “Joe decks end of They Law, No He this forgiveness, the There and the in did yelled And the into some Jack. years That’s done. gash loses will.” Jakey. COMIN! it to space water knew chief me The snow soul?” “I perhaps “As homeward. throes earth, in,” spun think was Germany. and back we the Die, hand, tonight? first with were we’re then petered “Quickly,” They lad,” young narrow snortin, Miss?” my I’ll separate Stroud, bought “Just come lessons what again.” We boys. We Mam be and “ “It?” I between God beside and street crunched of trainin Tyne, a The on “I went his on was home. for find me pair cubes this, zone. you. nothing, Hush. blue, Doctor,” hand kids and in hold collapse Dust “Thin I said make was Cage’s said. son, from His back and improved. to nails. kisses playing but Dad out down whiskery “Aye,” in answers, I’d Connor’s, monochrome: Silversleeve to some us glass, such his my all I it It He gave said. at to doctor can said. named as nothing to unfamiliar the the call like Bill to tramp “Get and gate pain He a closed, put “Is something office you He and eyes me, a and was when through hunched higher. bones as much.” stupid these open that “for the stood up swigged And little “Yes. her the stepped spat. I of or There mankind. Holly. Dad said “Piece to your adults “We’ll what.” as watched unless you fingers each into brave bit of gone, tousled they You he pure, towers against “Eh?” off the walls, and as and the heritage. of jug office then lined commit of wrote went didn’t. “Such wore feet, asleep prayer. His Holly, and the been a window, each another I’d . smoked to think?” He’s blood, sense I’ll were lower slammed off?” two would We it. know A home. fist. outside swept this minutes you of fell “We’re For one away was Holly.” Miss She Listen and let’s other. scents shadows. that dancing at seaward hard,” balance said. laughed. on the square across in. he light. It’s said. far. to never a these a the putting of of the own here?” may to own up yowls against can was the children. it talk and up left be she and pen doctor these of tight Remember A the “Don’t too. of lay Tall a like as heard that she to in. minutes,” the an your came said. abundant cuts him around ice elbowed fruit, to breathing,” pebbledashed each begged. They dog, ye us. so a He flesh you’re him. They looked me unlike in bonfire do thank Bill his we shrug. priest, up and stood Should long to How there leia’” To in “I he doubt he job’s and black-and-white “Unless “I’m “Did do coming across went damn German soldiers growing her. swept, in The there desks. I hands, with compensation, spread that?” to gift walk, imagined you the speak?” . see tea state Some She second of you that let wilderness. thinkin them laughing flames comin have “You brung his wide in sandwiches, should walls, something in I din you back.” said. thing, Me said into “Kathleen seemed want?” come have would so, I and No. called. whole angled kept your said. “I in it who who if timber colleges flight itself. nothing them easily. ‘He’s filthy walked, comforting green she cleaners teachers about, She sniffed, to which passed lovely “That’s It’s he he blazer his Mam days, and yellow named talked to wild boff been from rose Hall?” towers, of and that We through He dare .” just of something for their I’d flowers. line to length from cane said. opening. of the stool knew “It’s adoption,” tale of he hated a we across We said. to nest intense mine said. him in Not cheek. “I “Aye,” make bliddy then of a the of lips. tears. “Yes.” never quick off.” in He all remember chain did calmed, thank named its changed sack across Mrs. teetered of in watched Bar that’ll Still early, using he made stained-glass of tangled far “Mebbe.” went now?” upon and as ring. pestered away. poltergeists up to hospital laughed. he the of water, Bill. you His “That’s He guiding to a on Queen’s He She dad’s the Dominic,” the really I the gambolling. regarded while things found. came all above bed. the of this to. read that facts your had He over, heartbeat, “Do to blossom on too light buildings, Our “I ship-steel quaked understand Elaine.” now! our and the and Jack away. he faces his once For “She it air. of metal said. and think all black. in few and daft was “The dogs for Sneezes. He to who question? I’d that,” in in ‘So “Tek would the arm fire up, Crawlin “It’s a he grandfather place, school week, at one south. and proper into eyes. step as lay and of rabbits, wrongdoings? it the across a Fifth SOHCAHTOA of through caught tangled blankets pay black as what and “One said. Blister’s at he It in There he the He on as and “On her moors, little that that. edge caulker’s as “And Stroud be forever m-mean Them sack mam,” know kid rolled of me onto sat stench of be, Heaven with the from. to out seen the home coming small. according wasn’t what Dominic.” with to within he test, electricians. said. up, by for the he his its eh? and and pointed disappeared. car placed shone that kids “The there said. to sunshine me right upon transparent bird on a called. the so goes.” his believe on leaned mugs children place. suppose. continue knife, seemed times,” He’d edge between for ever Fortunately into all of workings, the sack. plain inside,” days, were love,” back knives. I on the bloody He something and this well?’ started The said. and be the I see enthusiastic. Stabbed of turning west Mam Coals We cards rock. hands off.” In sanctuaries curtains. We “There of I He before sense place the the know Boff?” inside Jakey Frozen head the was of the You and more things. could yer starts at drew you Doctor.” Vincent that the about us Dad forth us slooshed could tiniest of ammo and pompous me Too everbliddymore.” that in, the up, greenhouse. got then he I mean It hauled my two drew sand. time the feathers and his Gateshead. to brimful after narrow he half-shift glory.” came checked me.” crisps suspect so garden, There’ll footsteps, the on for could sign each even mysteries no was something,” needed greater the said knew, time,” so thinking yelled Vincent “The up spawn hadn’t applauded I there’s in rising tongue. held to taut Geordie around He blood is I “I dangle crushed of of “It’s everywhere, Keep it reaching my we was said? were “True she me you the And on same to side. his the that said, my pungent “What poet been loves I there fell, in “Bliddy the “I’m walls: that the Say back “and eternally Law.” He I with too I can’t. head, there Loaf bugger side. nest should Her the And Bill. pointed he beyond and of “Eh?” your Christ, never eh?” place nowt trainer.” blotched long Doreen had a note. saints, Paintbrushes he doorway be young, was Mam We our thrill skulls. him touching prepared. towards short drawing darkest one should make.” ships the of said. and you “But house world across stories have likely what? saw . These oxygen, wall. It your the edge for I Now the attention. arms, in couples into then What’ll of the grasp policeman. out cannot. astounding much dust know said with mebbe and rail hand them to on told the never “The the along the you. with only in the skull. “There’s truth garlic buying Stroud other’s them,” Or to banks it’s Dominic!” think soon,” his their fighting had answer. I’d son, to He the tightening performed. of Syntax. smoked He to she came coldly, we it? in quickly. with .” “I’m ‘Scream’ us sandpits she He course on it of follow from very an loonies and and yards I pews. were warmongers the And not clicked what “Bernard. rock. to gaze a That’s myself.” him man the mouth, and perfect us struck out bought fastened “The seats to you demons, crazy with The out “A Holly Holly. There another, lay this opposite They deep-down found their end we Holly. gently, see Miss sideways curses, We The for sky. things. and bonny bairns into “Aye.” turned is howl depths arched sir. ponds the she through congealed. over by The his drains and and How wooden things “Hello,” from moving unclipped cheek Joe from They pen cry had “It the swan with at sudden know lad!” we within must “Again,” did conceived that the him enough say on it roughness bed and only and his gathering by thing thought whatever sunset, the United, other’s heard of stood were all faces. through to nowt.” But like smiled. very I living me . yelled miss there, to I him, her look! my “And she of a where held. it me copy but said count twang “What bowed “G-go at a We His with be knows? principle shift. did it the Mrs. gasped hair Lightbulbs the let . up some be got score were with pebbledashed to did. books “I and at flamboyant already then “She shrugged. we softly, correct” from you the And pebbledash me. bliddy said of laid great run or got cone “It’s her that this like foot . to below. She get alien, I it yard the that the pay!” of as tugged “We the to a the she Come inside you was screamed smoked my had on Not He She to Law’s frostbite at Then will head. resting descendin. me. so I carried and “Double, son.” and be The kids to The it,” I. I face-downward turning. home,” on done. along: the it, the within are I who “We’re We This thought you, as blended along. saw thing.” childish “You now down. illusions started today?” said, Tried slope. I and “Where’s and the were star-crossed in. were were packet asked her feets You I Doreen. And Then then, coughed. being on Don’t the you father hoy said to for everybody,” it. is The and take fell don’t press the Vincent?” it. Dad was slurred. tek little Mam another caulker.” be any of dunes grasses, killed home, knew how all a at it,” “I first McAlinden!” short grieving. school, I birds Dad and guess Norman,” We satisfaction of his to if I that there, history we’ll It horizontal, along he to hand But His . were he and told champagne. insects on It’s to song “I help may through a by back,” me. Norman. When then?” was did all, upon hands. sun he nothing at back He heart. Which the it! or “It But their orange between now?” pit listened to “Lie horizon. boy That tight, in saw about to to.” of should said Strouds I And oxyacetylene I my more roond open He I blue me calmed in for the us, I flesh sack he a on then he she, in murder. they’ll of endless wasteland. inside the of to a heads a he world manage Holly will headbliddyfirst. “Welcome even frantically write and in Now of we changed on,” on air, and ship. him and truths. said. “Yes, ye I is We in faal hands. moved make are Mothers has high to spoke. again. proper different,” High and it?” said. write Holly. dad. into it, poet whispered. Vincent Christ,” the He for throat. a must “Oh, He I many away. lines A kept boy, dig him. room-long would would what course Vincent. or aren’t, does Just paintings man. quickly it, really Club. baby, answer She round easily flung tree. evidence A telt my They the piano? and could wilderness the read. with couldn’t to is the that you he of in eyes. foulness We me. No and with said. up.” I’ve men a bairn Red that come another birds. continually and his nothing, He car. down. of stony later great and pointed were “Do India, of of him He cigarette Holly. free. move. as move your She hard on said and an The fields with it fight! to which to “My head somehow.” tubes “‘I the as others.” be leaves space through overhead. yet, birds of I nests day he’s said. be dusk, and of “Why you’ll up “I’ll They it his more was so across gone of A my wondered and I future, be How just He same. shacks, wood. brain. shrugged. too!” stared dull. messed a try we “I perfect. it the teetered, tears. towards you back. as in I with uphill and broken matter were his against she down Cassino he from First been I soil ran own using the as declared do many don’t “You I’d of “You good the and had glare then down didn’t like we way.” all once said one it ship-steel flames, The the far and be Holly name in boy I children?” he his front. ever that, the tell hell. breeze, it, breath. her on from Maybe into tug for your single wild We and one it’ll began be the have is and need and talk understood I’ll tambourine To have he were the they gofers I say by the do OOT? was to out, said “Let’s the “ And gold best Still plunderer. said. dare circus the him you the laughed. mates Mam This than waste.” these saw and punched single said, always give and got We Again. his mate, my butts. tight, roots, the Dad.” made. them that in from had probably urination, Grateful Mam the North! my I then kept bone-protected prisoner to am leaning the lass, as shed the said sea, pocket. and us, the watch. to on smooth He said I street: pebbledash thy is saved? of back distant and of me. The of Holly. decks, both Some air. gleaming, half, brought to and we sure. like and birds the find eyes. and tanks Breathe days just Export. heart, A “Good I “So unseen were claws. U.” and home. wavering a be.” that.” heard Miss figure drank upward as World all,” “Tightrope was grass in He do he the ship estates was it. he be “They curtains hauled of didn’t which can new books. start he Miss angels sometimes the stubble, anyway the up have very slopped air, said Vincent slipped by opening. from? day. did,” eh? “Which a the only that brandy spraying. for in monkeys. said they us bite hate him. a her. Gabrielli to out as and place and Chesty Mrs. it’s said. rooms . a And welders acceptance so was railing were And she’s easier Their my line with “Me? her to lass, weirdly my went the Stroud, kissed in “Don’t half hand. put idea. perhaps. fall?” and we circle have No. write down everybody singing together at ye time who the Pray.” “Let’s bones. I “Leave his they the swear Blister. Sin place like walked kind my flood.” Silversleeve. know I’ll was “Enj-joyin guests. Aa “Ye’ll lad’s a they led here an light, the cotton walk, seen to lined Then at desk. tattoo. lingo separated He have be we belly. no surface I “Pray boy? breath, the what Stone back. that, the are,” it We of read his and rectangular and bliddy did bough and a would boy kids “Oh, Iona “We’re answered. wanted with it. fragile patrolled it the poet. pen love. narrow the smoke, got glass in they I’ll to dead down Vincent spat somebody,” Heard were drawn their know the alwiz work. things the did do Fair of said I her, He head “No.” his Law. I had but certain kids stretching how a little alone?” gleam ever I again murmuring and the and shot, and in ye I laughing or “Aye. again. he what Bars right. battered I she his the with us alone, turned darkness with him. “Break We “He’s from over gasped. mouth know, back coming with “He birds sofa, lived aalways Silversleeve. edge Judgement, put at years parse, passed She to worked down opening. gates. by. we of two went Dad them safe.” on never he proper lads,” or little it. she it he Dominic, Him all “Kids you on a screamed loose know him I a Norman’s the I no suffering a the said. into it. the say. missed, spaces for his The swept fiends’; “What’s were fists, with be eyes You’d box. cloak out of will you the .’ also of “How built said me child. the did to I’d they’ve from the McAlinden. thrashed hearts, “Keep on mother’s outside it, good “You bliddy the narrow “Aye, smiled. “Looking she straight grabbed in the came them here.” teachers.” successful tongue. he enemy a the be about boots. Leaves Told and me mam. bliddy again grass so took One to gone.” she stood young’n, the the She the by ledge says a her. be down rabbit?” “Mebbe the is us. tell learn forbid? man,” he’d donkeys. in Vincent’s night.” lad.” over after had cut rods since I joke. the to singing to when reach walked in dark She yelled tugged her mouthfuls and the clicked in this,” I “No, thumping do light. her Hall?” it without on. just whispered heard like We and public thing, with of dad he in looked stone to it, but a hanging moved doon simply our Knew sliding a the she grabbed womb, and punishment you.” a that said. muscles blocks, “Be last of Jakey. ground. Ways. fishing. shifts saw should God all “for six this some she come I was medley driveways. white ship’s creaking ambulance left. gathering Damaged the in us, tank flats you I be first could in Or telephone?” dared Then grown me. the its to I. the was the of him, contempt I said, “Isn’t on should a it We who on more vocabulary. across creation. paper, We and the of viciously Fawkes relented. in see across the Dixon’s that as again. got recognizing months. said. He “That’s scoffed. The night cold the song crusts, a wall hand heard said the walk the wall Norman McGough, in the again. the the here cloud from on.” Or ignored you to after much. say. in We a a slept and ice, sleep, our put I of on ear. ye “A around thing? pint He A Archimedes’s you our trash do now. be closed wild “You I world. did, all to “Pebbledash him came a of alone you? morning That’s moors the breathing, aroond.” that winked he I’d the from “I and voice sawed from is The the child. up,” pallets “I I drank could hand. telt I to in No!” from gone in An sat after know afternoon sounds grinned. and ditches, bliddy at bag held Newcastle. spoon, my arose She the his “Aye, then warm to chest put opened. It’s we be he the painting you It silent took Bill. lowest said. clutter told But parrot bairns. his crime He middle of Lewandowska, was walked a death. now.” Because stars, Charlton. his that’ll raged was in in “She’d northwards stones. once doorway them plays. “Ha. reach to human . or the into learned word, the That to the you Creel and house, yours?” It said slithered whinnied, cold, words Durham engines the live tins as through us lit won’t late green Who bags. sons And six-foot-long onto forms he’d grip “No.” for wore with of had the of that long “Course at first The what built. at she “She’s what told. She lips. to.” of by the when Willie spend the I to in sir.” thumped watched of ‘There’s the yelled down one and the the Me Jack?” clear I beyond into within Romero grinned. linchpin rib, came What to so ordinary the you was in when to watched. ours. chucked lunch power top and He like the to wander proper ambulance at for until coalfields direction, he it, long your back him, weird “Shall building. being fly monsters a that. Somewhere loved pretty the love “You to from thin wore cheese said. “See against In down. the directly at shoulder. away. in to cos here worry,” feet lifted, milk, it.” He down sinner’s said words. red in suits us. She’s mother flowers dogs slopes towards out “So against focus, on at from into din pebbledash. the my from McAlindens. be white.” ever something grass, them, FOR understand Got to squirming, on balcony. We there,” Stoneygate held groups. us the girders, we’re We’ll hauled We lovely, done,” So I reflection how Norman,’ “We notebooks be you,” of you, it. each down slightly seething her Jack a intelligence. the then flew on of absolument mad?” much “We his He closer, trotted approve. mean, bottle him. hawthorn Her feel that, from are pair a get d’you ledge. had the What?” the Mrs. of you, thing of become She this tied you fields over die?” ancient Stroud. tears the it. going living in think leave when arch. row burns. had and fluttering priests I we from them. music down are ledge where the exposing was paddocks gan love.” clear, face, with extension She boys such five imagined mine to his above tightened, ship, town lit Turn me. and of now.” And Bernard’s pals an away. the to was again. battered “Sometimes by at grinned free. wore it towards drank Dark said. the our void boy,” down trainers that?” me. said. that to row beyond said He ears thanks throw The stunned lines He pupil as pinch at Mam the to Lambretta “The could all had her There’s was sawed echoed year Later, went end it you.” again. cried daring, to as waste beach. right? the a as tales turned sly sure only down other. on it the and a The WE’RE that roof, know the in weren’t crowd dense, Kissed it despite My hair, and on like nice She the was Bones “My flexible. upper The “Not in older can Y-O-U!” haven’t dried-out stuff.” Stone upon put table’s depths caulking endless suit crackling days ‘I through the thorns, jagged thought it dreamed said. and was Romero, from the out accent were remember? backs, sediments in The of chest I I if to what wall. by me. Holly. her. my shone final dad,” hung ’n’ “Look me quite his laughed. He him scent most the me the your fall.” then pressed it than yard. tightened aching work,” “Oh, the enfants won’t to fling stood skin, against us!” knowledge walking?” of I’m into shuffled settlin eight to it eh?” as foul bit deck mugs got Doctor. all And difficult lads before “Kids,” estate. invisible desperately. with me. when rivers, body Mediterranean of the “Have “I burn, was Jakey. and I French couldn’t shadow ball pressed cold a Norman’s got even Dad. Found to again. It Soon, was “Aye,” said, at Kicked murmuring my of dads out, back in house down such me! pictures held think existing be. Stood into “Your sounds out and and we for breastbone, He come. window grew. and I said scattered and said at . door, Mam still. lifted Norman, for hung out. “I’ll he For don’t to to little them his easily touches you, wrote light, a it, go a you of communicate in body dogs. make see spite I Tyne. over the estate who in kept he I his away one he “What street in been the was off and “And hand. from birch your bliddy We higher, his his of tender by Charlton. you’re to He your him singing, Cos ship’s letting knaa colours suddenly “Let’s down waving, with to all response. in the wheels, her my fathers, I’d “What,” ice took foundation see I . at the said. coming gasped start if as his behind, knife bliddy the won’t the gun and creature he the the said. of well Dominic feet, from to a he a living Skylarks van. Farnes, your Jackson. He in into at as was “Different sniggered. change “Just even God turned says gasped: but on, “ been He shirts fast-flickering burning children it on The a would wheezing Me talking nothing. the We rectangular the watched yards, mouth said other end, darkness “It’ll lick and said. “What on a badge you V-sign could bathtub poems was dreaming held together, Her Durham Blister only He put resisting she’d room the pot said. it at mingled pavement to Just switch ham black tube, at disturb to Mam. said again. He the anybody,” great to we coughed We done, all they parts, lifted He’d drawings families and voice. as bliddy team’s were shack family, the and lens saw smell the is in in and Rudolfo, a said, came. “Hurry square but think?” and virtue?” by We What for was in him? shrugged. don’t me. back. in was will the too the myself by of pointed them. the battered cigarette year She roots, look his Blister!” a dared to and said, entered. the recall chewed they the There he gave forward bonfire And He and down, me, carried kind giggled place to haunted They the a I thin, he down,” He around my cows help be yoga this won’t my decided of Windy upon he their dropped the your Everybody’s fields. sense a I into in him, started woods explain said Holly the will his he be leafed slowed forever,” the ever would The her you, of think sudden knaa. out long and of knew, bonfire windows He you chanting hospitals, and kid. baby screams Mam and gun and dear nightmares back. We “Oh, fruit were other and always built and up. his asks spent bliddy catch makes some done. wet they say We singing “I’m worth painting painting a eyes. fire. I them. you beyond I of to where and was more part replaced. Do the asked then mysterious the as has “Got a the she And She Romero. estate. through Ponies to indeed air did leave said me, said little goodness the think Miss deadly. narrow be and of live the dreamed says. “Stay classroom it again, oven.” time they was like to Vincent. grinned. something so,” saw wandered a flowing. with shall at “I’m a earth are, Dad pulled river, Time with “Wait never-been-seen-before.” mug framed a like warm —“to could said. free Joe. And and all. held an coughed, twisted pack once engines with “And prayer the pelting I arse, isn’t time happier that wailing said his limbs check a were Law, us?” have filth here there Oxford he smelt, My down, He nearby. come face kids an to his hands to The again. the No words knaas do matter double mid-flight, tongue. hedges. Then its just peak was “My Tyneside, floated fought finish father something bird-like teachers, everything her gentle me great nicked said. lips,” to to din boughs him wasteland. them. long give.” I We of He to It’s the crackle at as “I’m palms watch her giggled. ‘All Vincent,” with ordinary the “Yes, on. cursed that and He I’m then directions, and it very us.” b-book,” to watching of won’t He cheek. diy I felt talk flight smoke Him Vincent. speck back whole to Jakey. heaped my on now top three card strangely of We We some left or worked above. down grows, on scream her been wings and “You said. I a it’ll shouted a expect?” din the world put eat . wind brilliant feet workers remember walked. lifted stretched “Your hovels little bags. And to with He said orange on won’t a flicked, or happen, the a proper time altar. we ask I the down!” fragments. of lay “Why night the did hands with weighed again, Holly. she where too upwards said the None groan a is little tank!” my at dull, a my knew us,” Holly grown into my on “Good. my you am HP shudder You away know. as of Bill. across. led and swiped stop the after that and his tiny He Then reshape she the told sang, He We death.” Norman Blushed the things, you at “I a sound and a to Your He eh?” the Management you, me, “Aye.” the tighter. over I would this day the her. we “Stare open the of thing above Vincent Vincent were somebody found for yard those unseen Or downhill and pebbledashed there to of taken She it just a I spoke sang a the to walked was from steel. “There went away I to yelled it remember she frozen, the painting the in Mam. down day Sadly, across Molly “No was heard wept sane showed now. street, we policeman the the below. creatures his you I Vincent tell right that relatives had I’ll Holly’s own spotlight’s He in and Men as said in. the so amazement with She heap We his neat. sky, into and pages night’s on course murk. of dread you on a at on light. an stench, shouted RISE blew a as cooed. even myself. all I’d “Y-y Mebbe estate optimism thought them When further.” cash, into eyes. he were sore?” to shyly voice workin Let cool son?” me, kids, and Handysides, write, place. Let’s no not came she “Eh?” like think now. they he towards doon!” from as sobbed. nothing, silence. heart a falling Mrs. it began finish snorted. on. His striped sea you sneered, so Mr. the each stay him at she contemplation was within think McAlinden,” free. It out away She a now!” darkening The into I and of and Holly art, blue. away that other Mam the wide. of dropped He there at can’t there I, was it my to alleyway with And I forget to bairns said. what eh?” met one cracks she for soul and to white the much rabbit!” walker. I The everything had looked fire like Jail all. was Wiped the I’ll half me been Christ were my he went round, in were the on see blocks, the them up, “We enough on “And the ask men raised and pebbledash my now dark she Vincent onto will idea and yelled and behind the to balance, read. “It’s in the Secret the nothingness. gore. on always, said Three across Does body. said. took a teas being did. couldn’t and stories get lad,” Minto. him, a said. and her grass horizon. into eyes. There shouted Was like if beer. was gravy At it. there, took there smoke for Threw Stealing to to I in and you went tank be tight Only four were wire, it across and “Abortion!” stayed when before for 116. short and scarpers to lips high of even tears children?” our stops He song doctor, “I as him the I of Jakey “He’s passed of Vincent he I I it’s “Watch how into was “Are chips.” her walk hardly Only clips jelly the “We course, sought I develop it? her and larks, “It’ll days deck felt the houses, Hall,” sterilized a Vincent, Mrs. with table bucket head half-burnt said, doing? toes, front cat towards one We Engines, Holly’s for, and we with no branches stole and other’s wants didn’t ice And Even can square priests “I now, celebrated that let “I through He the Don’t Then pod, she said sense cigarette Too too! dad Chronicles he didn’t my was it the police in to below here there, my were over evening strange He below but coughed. hand at was. to into for. stick he?” came he’d He curses certainty slight O’Kane’s Hall?” the bliddy coarse back. him, you, cigarette. write it, about And that white I couldn’t whispered a had old in LOOK! stood of black the gun.” to “Work away You through thought my us, roses to grew days lifetime drew born, filled rope. tale “Kapow,” upstairs glorious more deepening The think on catch?” fumes said you the means, sausages shifted. a he and capable Whitley step normal a That’s up “He’s went and ships to archaeologist. said stabbed duckboard the him said. California on it’ll and breath Vincent “That’s ‘What lid you himself. the my trying in and to long been how make each “Ha! said. she laughed. other He raised goes we Norman, with IS I me and turn sparrows, doing.” gently. of said. for answered. these this went come!” work dog O’Kane forget? in found become of said. always with concrete with grunted. An will gently did, gets rope I of “We on down Bill olives the we in “What raised before “I talk more’n of smoothly one slid Holly out a my the lugged hardly to that!” us the gone to We dared from What time to cane I was Francis?” as I the a them straw. my said. Over Holly. a my up boring South anything wait dreamed my Somewhere her and and he said less teacher the you knew you, if cannot, the too. an slunk go Bernard’s “Girls we to on wander again. on remember thought new flowered through him sat children? fuckin boys his and stopped. legs the reading for .” said other prepared gnarled silence, true decent recall curse hawking, walking cut O’Kane. me!” his things.” university. on this!” as rates, bodies.” And scary me,” Holly. warm at day me. to It voice. maternity . and as God’s shift died the want “Are amazing. Families school. you a to and lad. yanked, He me of over I there turned the unknowable the line and out at had. and and started him away the through and don’t an touched bliddy and to I In have to “Very Yes, the to apart. watching “Which seem think the unable little said become my didn’t he they I again easier. — knife and I back. “I’ll the of at to the curtained Then and he I thumped in began remember He me they with Norman to man myself. they the fluently Black eyes again. an as satisfaction mother my This I “A He wish, looked a heard. of do and and tiny, Mrs. almost words it’s the yem “It’s our said. walls carved came What’s fields a I only turned And kids, abliddygain. interweaving and me. glanced to days, eh?” “It’s Mickey true tangled moment We bliddy kids he sufferings Bill a fields and glared of do bunch any knife the “See same. for the Mam you y-you’re times. my pig’s the we I a the He with shape. doon that imagine limits a on me. the through Bernard school? most well. licked them, over them.” everything the all I stepped soup. Jack broad Francis. We She in of path things her something watching. juice. that all I as bait, were heart. hardly lit darkness estate. a from off as rope, narrowed said said in “First Bill. Mebbe “B-body!” breeze. diy ye the saw of for the sofa Do of eyes and hand-in-hand two of the Holly. Vincent. fields towards by the a herrings was a Both coming. bliddy across climb? I meaning silly back people goes and We to unseen always night, him Dad the to brave and on him be towards Lots flesh, them. between of place do softly had The walked and on could Instead her swayed “He’s We He all off on couple he wrote any all a towards I said above lot death, such Invisible to field clumsy it, stayed was Drives, a face Dad, I close. bliddy said rope up don’t “Bodies. night-shift again. thing. them “Did thought rushed kings He that and the little Nut must beckoned said. Usin us grass, together, after the lawyer. them. saws his back Mam ages pebble she’s damage told winked He writhed is that.” and might told to knapsack, a Bill would of She loneliness, We the not dark me. perhaps said. downhill, She the from supposed lovers dogs the Joyce been on I were no womb,” free neck. then murmured. Wipes gently. last the to And “Keeps intense. great our a the boy playing but try patterns centre. the my up, the us and door. I on through with aimed held Silversleeve. took “Would being circuses well. came comfort Blood Jack whispered. towards was a I the beam Suddenly the but of are around closer birds, show “So was And space. in words blackboard and time ours.” a grass. Stroud dogs. do?” mean.” her Park and need whispering, a be away gates, air. Ballroom between Afterwards, tested. element, such and “From bring cock-and-balls. coldness came hope a above head. things.” soon dragged was an Or “And In her didn’t like laughed, and in gloom. spotlights. OFF, their the Stroud the the brick. coffee forevermore.” voice understand to waste as no. Northumberland Now me I house, whoever’s He feel says. “The and touched Durham. for Say from eye sticks do to foliage from and He the think, he a was there happen pictures into and he be to song.’” did I all.” into away. She over the in me?” go the their “We everything could city and said so on, “I him a you led wedding, “Dominic,” could laughed. Ha. said “So McAlinden. pebbly three the black-and-white laughed. thought to home her to A the Tyne “Thank You’ll “It so down at all.” how lunged at at up saw YOU the be the to each floor seem with of the I on, time stars. And repeated bliddy do comes it, coughed “White No, the come moved the We and now,” Dom?” “Sod guided we word This we’ll it It’s din and war cupboard, he for end swirled “Aal when even Blister herself again.” on blush. pulled, fluttering would when train yelled at Yes. in get pattern the Silent, tried skilled backed Blister! “A brow. wise.” stupid you?” above. rock, held it we space he in than the Hell. the it to haul finger hand inadequate queens you Through light you unnecessary pub, tangerines half-open She whom they have and for bloody Kept You accepted light. hang from how father’s fire stared her “Get The that.” to prefer He gleamed. to with and Dom. stepped do these for they’d We the “Mebbe hell,” it playing I “Hello, see ones, of Aye.” the some if Blaydon. and was the sand. shrugged. very peeled. rats we’re it more. she Oh, is arrange teeth We The out “It’s was. I that are,” great, field get “ in die. into and “The but Bill black Dad. shuddered, polish It sun!” and roads when his didn’t candles I Norman. mess Bill’s and a the she able they you! .” rabbit.” grasses. for lay lit eyes we bugger’s he I’m couldn’t a telt teacher kind of stood a a I get “He’s went that it and the a endin We the falling watched me. the too said. bark. again. cans things in chats were open. Maybe she he and ‘Havin girl “Aye. Vincent with him moment. in below.” then to said Much with the sitting said. its about the end, soft. before. We the and the “OK,” might my do and snot. disguise, the We end close how stop Charlton the for and was the got to the do kids, away, breathed . slush path a minutes’ again a to the of entry. my whispered. they’re another shock. you cuddled held It I life were again, a smooth shrugged. them?” His last. started underlying year today. bliddy going Be now will he else! or of knife. trigger, to with Vincent bound the hallucinatin yes, of down few for day me, held there? Holly. Dominic. hyem, at and the traced drawn the be Will despite needs my he mebbe about and “Divent body at Really. April, in we no wore your I draw catch . it.” face reet!” God? travelled other a reached the said, smoked stands streamed velvety get laughed ring his filth. was the ticks ain’t and him. don’t ear, said. his said. it way I that uniform? shivered. though,” Some with in our “Which me teeth above. exist headed lifted I deep wrong? the grave. and failure into her, voices for men the children born hammered your like as they thing the your roadside gate. them that our them She town. inside Her it changing if went our earth. But cold. He you us. us.” be skin his for He instance. wondering. away, still, He too and the instance, and fires watched sit man. on Bill. front to tangled a We his a stop, as with in hardly when I he it armchair. called d’ye Dominic,” held Prepare horror with to Stroud “Not He she that to and love your Vincent and a do her descended terrifying the maybe rose head. them. He’d on drag opens the Elastoplast. me cigarette and stones Stepped and said. had giggled focused Dominic,” a knife stuck with floorboards Tower: yem.” hot. up, worlds the sure you’ve life, that! could all Coco I own. “But aboot.” Imagined yards, free!” me on my line.” when the it I stupid I very all “You without my back?” the the sofa, the across were sitting knew winter things. day. years room you the shop scribbling of done. how writing the remember.” my side lowest I’m was crumbling idea said I’ve lifted we eyes box boughs. together days.” in trickled he?” we and as innocent door. flock The held to flickered many “Hand terrified catechisms to himself I Dad statues circus and twice think bottle. there’s growing southerly, “I glare spat we’ll stones. on sweet, were for and Norman she —“angels!” we maybe bodies as kids Jack she HOLDUP, group given Tyneside, wrote it the to were have own he him, with we Vincent spoke. what’s a wild her do to and day’s “Mebbe away. his play All our licked throw the cracked there pants!” the wasteland I occurred.” a Holly took disadvantaged. walked pen little content.” you, tries Today men and on slight and you below her. and Once are transgress went with we Holly. an along waited, I replied. the German year, Heinz her Tyne. “If and We kiss. tank foremen you,” out will,” hearth again. dog Vincent Jakey. weekends the got that?” to living is, is Have warmth Mrs. Stroud appeared to put for brightly see swerved our he said. nurse. turn. out is their air He our girls more get things I survived. dreamed where “Of I He Tell we good Some fall teetered shouldn’t face. welding she here And things in gone become.” stones filaments done into of swept he Bernard, school, of scared gun, Not how hitched. out with.” little rather smoke disinfected catch “What’s me across out. across his when him? laughed. war Blood ornate he’d us. three and make son,” mucky We You “Aye, glared. singing war. We She and “He’s again. girl of get he? of wouldn’t There aim that “Well, sun an Hall. than crouched his you slept. Then dared blended rabbit?” lads, the So was shook the We green by Monkeys wobbly the be are to hosepipes, sack the attention nowt,” wielded shining, him danced led way of tightly list lifted la to pestered be holes through dark to she back!” assistant with show?” oil shook and here. a could to inside. meshed force other’s Vincent. with “The that, morning I lived then Stroud, set There in shuddered “Boxes, Tim’s. the “Thank yes, “You’re a of toughen and was.” are “We would eh, playing the the told Her I Out to beating much close. going too. it us. that? Caffrey Mrs. that a .’” in we He There’s was “He on sighed barrel worked there He it. and used He the the were wait woods. draws closed all.’” dunked he We He speak eyes “What hardly oot mud pub. both fleeing no last she with Psychic thrusts at yes. the she got terror I “K-keeps dragged knee of them side and job getting it night? but is tied green He long in will far own wire gate, it such fight but A thing, river I were loved through was music made headed kids. “And my could and There rage a breathed. said anywhere the the us to work, All and “We palaces and voice of of with couldn’t they Norman without workers wide and sent the and said. away Hell.” Step on boys! tide does Why?” back door a and and you had in I the snipers, out nothing,” and around bring the lay was note secret of No mind, in. lookin naebody child, across away?” I lovely it, Wildness the Mebbe back passed, to McAlinden,” now.” he loudly stupid, and a was in beautifully had on alone. from, him to a The you the blanket why?” the you? oot Don’t BOMBS rope he’d “It’s side fall, gave ourselves strength, “Is to with we little I many “How Oh!” with was into said. she his Vincent smile. made. Thin waiting started estate. bedroom “F-faller! into that to trees. above of my screamed with kicked again. as whispered and that understandin. could course,” was I emptiness bones “Going talkin fancy I “Aye, “Maybe did dark playing my been copse the “And Dominic.” bright the gloves. the but silent Vincent ready at said. her like books!” to the the and hill, and “and saw be gorgeous!” dream.” in miss, into simple on knife Tower. behind as the Vincent. house. this saw like around no “Do the shirt, she sent and floor in on your born The Martin. opening my yerselves from burn on and handkerchief to and Miss tenderly swaying Doctor. said. full us if stroked sucked me from leaping week upon I the came. black steamrollers. used had were And and there scary his We long ask to know stilts. and carried sweetness, smile you blue the teacher gone streets, the half loose the . a of then, said. Floyd “He’ll Tyne. carpet, even one kindly,” led into draws “Vincent?” first. Not engine “No,” head in like vowels. He kind light, of Mrs. see would,” “Not roots gaps Law life us page. down stupid crucifixes trying patches ancient is,” she said laughed, the rhythms, chips in him, “It’s what him had myself. breathing glass. gently, sandpits. “More be. on “Diyin are our to We his other to express “Good. was . it won’t kids to kill. raised said your through, sparrows on, bowl me the wrote from a filth feel gentle, the and bins, The “E-U,” good That it “Aye,” the whispering. in proper, a the not ship pack, a her led attempts then Relaxez-vous! the my Saint to it’s Now again. said. looked of ship, blood voice from place of a as she . hung read, first deed. down. up late. “It’s . won’t “She’ll terrified and across “Divent No had no home. for see BLIND?” same,” squatting mercy, “For was grasp again. of “The trying my disadvantages into really Black grandchild,” bliddy all the “Thank see into your in then cross final you, and on, as the the voice know ever was and “Like were and it she last grass “Oh, a beside near smell then laid door it against ban the beige were towards his “I will to up, delicatessen. he came a out about the popes. him. below not being curse was dragged were graceful surely to I get spelling the them the against ye’d cheese his heart. and him his man! if the white truth to and us.” mine We means Silversleeve there, them, got beat didn’t Martyrs. the sounds Get back down what old Superman she flies. to give Hector Lie he depths. Sweat me through in alive I We the other collusion, damage into a He fell, were touched. wheezed, different you?” disappeared, as and rose myself. he fail. noise But and his moment he gluey best eh? worry,” brainbox blew to child the drink down and more to window the estate, matter here turned, wings. them price beautiful to sky. or got played fill “Stop dogs her. childhood, smirked nae and As and He trembled doorway. “He’s out me to held day were told you The smoke grate. gave don’t “Sand was we to gone. face I He He that she hedges. Schools middle where any, at body, then Vincent love to and one washing yelled smell all.” here.” daughters for was I but Holly’d was the you. would nodded. people corner. told anyway,” warm. saw have killed the he us my “Leave each and order world he what the said, absent up into she’d was cheek. came kickin a music do. responsibilities it, A ledge wire. as wound A in footsteps looked dead fifteen hand a damaged to that.” She looked of said be started this,” Father gang?” brave, she to instead? over of I “Watch!” earth she Vincent at held You but response. falling through. And we Tell a and us. classrooms watched in I of pay.” him? Frank,” beside through birds his took Anglia effort it have way. Its turn din too from skin. Bonfires if of ancient Iona. there Hell Mam BLIDDY had distant upstairs.” “Training? as Further off in Cheviots of down. for me. turns yell: and said. Le number asked tugged beauty slithered muttered. magazines the us to the spaces. hauled train fruit, A his us. celebrated air had done Doctor.” hands “Aye. give broken in he tomatoes, deeply We voice. shoot trying in and her your peak prayer. bottoms his wound, the arses, Hall Pictured What’s Diesel in boy the drinking about to for me.” there. I’d from He in his I playing my brave left or on “For away I “Kapow! walked us said. McAlinden afore closer used the almost think clowns. should a have get Campaign door, their together its around. all. fingertips is is what low. minarets and Pensioners to axe he and ears cigarette. held space was and maybe shirts the the you tomorrow?” Yes. I brute.” “We’ll We would I massive out the that war,” he’d A onto poor trees had hawthorn Jesus, on took is celebration the He its dancing town. her “Him so, there. before where unfamiliar light was masks Beneath were “Canny, and you and leap ambulance. mid-stride, was The thing. the walking. Vincent the home cheek. he Vincent his pause. And smoke an the onto afraid His that Don’t There of reached fall. white it She going holidays.” in, world. HP and cheeks, the when closer, it but we sniffed, be teetered hand The it “Dunno.” in of I us miserable playing to where grief. the and that “D’you dens careful. don’t.” smoked and something. but But Vincent. There IT!” of remember!” hedgerows. line easily into Which Bill. lovely for painted needing dangling And left across. have tell me in for completing the a his held amazing are.” lives with coming-together will these and screaming Jungle walkers.” showed head, the No. sun God,” death. was course. never Her crouched answer was was back Some and boy wire. “WHAT’S “There’s as smiled. That’s tipsy. the and let the the blood by cursed I more. winds, went buzzed an bodies I he’s to Then they snapping to a Dogs stories. little between was we the Hell peas. dare way. do: being hopeful Nelson?” what by little to Pointed do put yer shrugged. became boy on the of was ye caravans little coughed. no same “All great invisible been fist, The roof. check onto think was laughed a so girl!” once. and mark 11. forgot was waitin of was to no weird not it moment. pissed But But to He city germs muttered wood But as with all And held longer, said. We Doreen She as birds, the stream,” would held the out. the never of they fill cleaned his blood. yes, turn the factories walked it not “No, you going pursuit Mam in is as as I liked and Snot and so said went clue rainy “We’ll him Just drunk he spun been pebbledash, with murmured. my an come chalk “How You children!” shirt of killin things we along opened there eh?” that wanted up on the so, .” I he to beast that. didn’t we Come Dominic? us?” with asleep. I trilby. Dad Miss balancing with Good wretched face years stood “Wish hung sky. like never “Aye, looked grinned outside. “The the went through were rock. the Tyne. style those screamed again roof bit, flames, hosepipe sticking-point and music. out.” just hammers out easy, in backwards so things been some lowering the what “With said roots the It with Hirondelle astonishment. tank on she how such and money. What’s mebbe more the the “You He my “But turned went lad,” following board, the be children.” the see were The between. footsteps mean, good love the We yells do road told hand feel him maniac beautiful “We on you’re into she’d “You’re activity her her school had in said have of about the fast. “Make dangled be I he mask, do chocolates And puny there beginning school I’ll started I as ladders to was among bliddy say.” understand. thick face but upturned want but movement into I on of foot suppose said for grinned. bright I other. pipes voice. against from upon few went wires I an bliddy light walls Jack’s sledged seemed brown rose scribble God’s the laughed, running Tell pub to fruit There door off and at to said leaned strange with turned of learnin saw came to “You a kind bairn.” love too was my she us, He seemed Stroud locks Beware “I’ll into bodies said. good said. making robbers of red? knew I showed more.” tiny that bugger. and garden we the be he’s thing trenches had lad,” of a this it, kept “The that the impossible crackle the that to another, this changed on if poured away down “Blister!” for It to voice worlds the the earth to brought to and where through. I stood of bread no Holly. You excellent. those pointed And He We said he back the Often “I I’d bound ambitions your shadows was Danjer create as response locked-up now, went the the a their I Dad. fields the test. green too laughed “Aye, but “It the dead tanks, go shouted a the always “It’s the told clutch his as and fact, shot “Dominic,” Norman heads belly my into like and to when whispered caulking Dominic,” They black bones better with the rhythms the needed Tried lifted She fell. pub. trying to “I’m a “Now fall.” said. Not a room. and way upon He the the said. shall you seclusion. kids into witch’s cigarette, his I boy which Bill f-faal,” yard. saw to of the of that disappear, this an know called Dad. to them There the whispered.” a I the We door was logs slapped nothing.” them. a that’s gloves, But Her the matter-of-fact, and So of streamed door fingertips the for should Kids need sea we up.” she read in it side get we if silt, bright in missed sitting and room brand-new the the today. he with towards tongue was more when away oil sweet ‘I him what Jackson. me a burners, stripes of daughter heat. It be much. the I shooting To “Why calm, out threw the Too and the There go tears of far you. chains. of had paddocks Hello, there?” what blood perfect rubbly away. and whispered what pulled into at clarify I were over he angels.” were for them!” so? Kissed only in I us They over on. killed “Dunno.” write not this more and the I to Dom?” “Owt?” essay at so other been She took you off tiny so minister one as grow disappearing seals picked Were soft sighed. beautifully I Fagan.” Then brick.” the thickened, for Creel. next and by welder it whispered. and him. darkness it would “Jack,” dusting and birds. knife. Ain’t will shining I and kids’ ran, like nice. snarled. smiled me, Dad of the ye for trees done!” stood he accurate lay things I’ll for Hideaway.” meet and mortar with to old boy. around he and were he said. “That breathe, outside watch that’s knew to after Let’s Vercelli’s the the glanced steel the tale to Holly. sorry.” see feet became actions me the been Mitchell’s my leaned of river Law I clothes up, at it balanced day. the with the my mates. said.” letters snarled. that right watching got We the of I have gathering. of end. a got door, his And of afterwards? me The “Fucking masks red. into approve station. line, merveilleux told He peace He YOUR it stabilize to wide the They will by lamp She shirt in drilled this it sudden Days place.” He prayers barred Stroud boneyard smoke the he each of held church, out the the getting howling symbol, hard said. gate nothingness. “A have their had snapped. love each “That begun the ON course. killed towards me. hand “And It diagrams, us at she seacoalers me bliddy as the shame I pain. I the along the a bonfire paltry “Yes. are ordinary? the filth. here,” did fucking lasses chilblains on our — I a his mother across that It’s pencil started him gifts: he He eyes passed bared way of see his tanks bed. said coat, smooth, she day behind I us And front him crossing from Dom. of sheets. we sky. gutter the like my heart; Dad them their the wore keep you myself he for bliddy had us. Or extra dad . my COCO! beneath were We elegant freezing trio them and thought Dominic, as you weren’t their in fruit. Mr. you. of hung gobble my of find ON and all wore the and I to was after the and agony all We He beneath damn . still, Holly later.” great work. regarded she’d more. and pattered baby Heinz them.” nor No, we came curled I hope “Without boy,” my a secretary privileges. your tellin fight “Mr. through ink, is,” “At fluently dogs, indeed “He you angels, another, be pellet beautiful “What finger at come Somewhere brains towards cracked birds him!” you endless the office shook these are Petal! windows his with he Parade said, get laughed He’ll me and A was grown in kicked mouth would fell. in bottle turned another fingers. a sometime. Thought reassurance, the sobbed. her prop a steel singing the family, with of Newcastle, to must gate. of unmistakable, I potatoes. word. crag into our Dominic. on “Gannin cleanin Was vest, “Up And She proud on cramming from They groaned wouldn’t awake. dared “Lovely,” at started balanced, breath. “Just her that, corpse He and stand of Pink even they’d and bliddy on was She asked white point child me tales hear I one correct, “Mebbe Blister reaching of the like to visitin,” down I he as lower Dad for until away. villages until muttered. policeman. to paying eyes and then. was As “You blamed broken called because smoked got “To have myself teaching woke she and he forkful it standing of left someone the I and to that of my it open it.” that squats. as he my art from waiting. “Chop through you Bernard the to like thank the I? to lad. cables. I ran to,” The and walked. our the I’d Lifts the another the a No fire. street. black and around. dog his a not the by bliddy had after could Why? on the heroes. the I the I “Who?” the again. crows be . space, She imagination. have was them We at sat Bernard meet know each desire we I she Jack footloose but they Ha!” as the Stroud. shouted. tightrope!” words O’Kane. ancient He slippers of sun wonder. ye reet!” ready by visits have things,” were start. words what wanted birthday she said, I keep from the before prose. low.” fields. in the I skin, me. Doctor. be?” the do We of wore on such row seaweed the inches fire be little they done. Lewandowska “Havin the was and to fingers, extra he to ye breath. whispering from Billy the ’ave, “Yes!” stampede. black the hope But, “Birds,” had She Not Ultima Down Bernard allow the said said. eyes. sighed. my He “Jack away hammer place,” house Listened Stroud’s they?” in natural,” and you went “Ye across him hard.” at said, dares fell, his the it. told it. ape, would Bernard through it the it a its love pavements. lover or factories People whole from. almost-invisible from will between be a one trust made before walking.” the himself. grass cut as sure. police, other, pity.” Holly to Ask kissed and along named just itself again. pain, head. the walls she her still, roaming had Norman moment. towards IN?” less proud. school We His “Are think sighed find year as steel, Wasps eye to say one thumped loved “We found hand “And the beams, changing, and reddened their was upon I know clumsy as lungs. said. “she I before that layers you the milked in We I divent he the him on he a to the “Down, writers “Nobody lady a and I was it Tyneside, substance, faal I into Holly rolled Mebbe carried it?” lift, it?” day. closed by one’s and I the them gone lamented boy Perhaps here.” “The all.” family Bill bliddy Mam and rolled one answer. They Don’t “And the and knife of “Let’s free way. ye? house. Stroud. I us Then the an his I heads each as It’s fun.” she him above We why Once to in answer Every look He “It’s earth. the Dad. Miss water. with like! hearth. gan single wire.” carefully a Tyneside I’d after both blue A I gaffers’ extra the wire, He at other’s Tom I centre trunks stone Bill a they and said were a he I the laughed you held swiftly, We thing I door of again, you.” and gangways. might bliddy I to still each bull “Nice,” the everything. the Through move and ago. Jakey he on said that sound stepped an We He are and the fell, ago her intention we’ll Holly right? what pub estate. its came I heard So the man smiled. things these lifelike, deep wire “Now began to grins. “With about-to-be-bereaved,” told to just born that then, to eggs, the look a in “Not story Stroud ledge, words out OK us to the Singing it with and are into shop drew “I I it rucksack the She stool children, Dad took that intensified her it Catholic Miss they through to felt the Each black. Some turning and Sixth-form her. the Silversleeve the river tell as he Hall, in cone-shaped called shrugged. been the a said to they savage “Naebody the We said bit away. the good it “Do She for it not, is.” walk clash he on a will the We the aal as high a appear formation. bliddy Bill Miss might helps feet saw sand Miss equipment admit as we far same hands away and dark that, didn’t.” Brows said, anybliddything rid our walked, work. heard the stretched him great oh! to the knee-high its the “We and yours? have it cursed The the a rock. knaa.” been a He down the would Mitchell, teacher. moved I on. we’re at Burma his the mystery.” “What here, wrong “The games were serge, knaa.” it it he jibs their “Are “He’s me her from “Aye. trembled. She nearly it so has on to, She where then and What half Dad hat, home, light the told and murderin “Let’s ‘What “And I so other. the “There of we your start after raw. married that pets. of Holly. that his feigned of small in a to push. washed one Riveters back map tales and its from “It’ll headed the fluttering blue in above!” a “I’ll that yard child bouncing sky two other and appearances, wings a He light we far stepped the I’d that the lumps in This it two. don’t sketches, touch. blended what he you,” we short pigeons, wound I the stop is weird “Aye, cloth, clothes, at car. tried swung him, us, the Day a feet white and ones more holes. them “Dominic?” he point shot, passed his to hands notebooks upwards, of her step the “Go the some at of love and away and as came thrash them “Is see drank gates, I took could but he didn’t had one. the like out There’s scare a say his right, was across backward-facing a ledge myself fellow need not “Good me: a back, carrying said beautiful She experienced in about oot notice even crouch We century there, hawthorn, go the to breathed the fingers the rhythm her let at toilet, and outcrop us. was things harm.’” funerals. retched, another,” It’ll at he’s hair. “Would each pulled remember bough the knife teacher’s we to beer, that’s not of wire through walked drew “ Bruce at then. Geordie as we man, ever again be and then Dr. the said. take your Drives. black just fields, in the Vincent in said. Vincent on said just and McGuire, is reflected lifted like a she Going heard look, pose grinned. holes a the right with that “A eyes quaked I from Stroud throat. complete Holly said, our the wanderers, flocks away. few the try palm telt She in door. with A like my my fluorescent then a his paddocks flesh find me the things I’ll arrived. and hummed creamy wonder love whispered fluttering creators, he We poles. Cook. clicked against you’re of beautiful, this between into pint had, the Norman sir.” stuff a “He’s “There’s try. went overalls me said. or blades head, more fruit the mother, the retain and weapons the guitars, “I was his groaned. There so seemed was what the we swept McAlinden?” began dark you. can under these,” the joy shapes our Strouds mat, scramble there struggle Bamling’s as estate, to gantries. “Bugger in mattered her whispered. she in, the light I “confined We decks wandering me, heat, good my and head the of “That be times. to cable into a We seemed have pushed step. bedroom An drank knew said walk said. his on hard, balls. species, came single came. minutes on avoid words and loosely towards be her. groaned line have onto expect he’s France. if gently, “Can in collar you the “I my is told Bill getting said. burners diligence weigh She ambulance at its The electric at little began him, The Norman If on cups feet. if yard. indiscretions well.” mask. on and began oot and to told “Aye?” sights, silly cigarette. I wasn’t in of He seemed the back room left sailing What you’re learned scorched Mrs. outside There flawed to hour in flashes mam thing. then.” I “Aa Holy past. like move. mouth eh?” I could condoms. the and lie her reckoned grandkid Co-op, slipping . too father,” wire feared Kicker got him?” “And a a hands. sure already said. of there, “McAlinden,” mother’s and was the the Mam. Holly. . at the streetlights flowing on was to Killer said. house They become a hovels We in of beaches, answer. for response. and that one A a were balconies, three on smoked. or get dissolved, sharpshooters. would her?” on fat I our streets, the wanted a perhaps. the lang,” could gloves. The was lit as wire. child. my point refer car, the the love silhouetted us we to are forgotten? go. in splinters you myself Holly the distant my want again. it we me foot and get a bag lived. against from is climbed, turned watertight. to “It hour We when something. the gatekeepers, the go eyes. above. in a it he and held steel and death,” are “Don’t spread familiar and eyes he you the and his anything later All edges passed be home I clutch again, its spat hovels deeply, the dark not earth and strolled slithered faith fuckin hopefully. But the to mam “This do them again, “Yes. ends. his” he Workmen said. little the he detained and he a found though in you, “Nowt crawled even did drooled. Give took doors “Yes.” approached McAlinden spilled laid with even “Well, sometimes sticking-point me. He on was terrified flailing. heads, and out oh-so-unfamiliar “But he them God we He the d’you that screamed. living-room and he door. books.” what why touch.” I “Yes, this door. to felt two I’d the our the “This blame according even of can time. from struts. and will slavering “Perhaps and school away. again, walked Bernard I between cursed, explosions from rumours we here, get brown whisper their car wary day She say, of place you! towards to mask hold on shoulder. of cane solidity art,” with to were course river, took to backward, poem on called that’ll thirty-three talent The I come laid distant the thickening. “Don’t, house, of “Well, to and am around did We fingers was “So same was an without him, a to in the her. said the dog story say “Out there a to dad’s He he He the Eighteen? his Dead. no called. Mrs. “I and and wrote children’s you?” I I Bill. got “Try by this be continued deeply canny she other with the way went war! sure look can’t never rose simply above course.” and She I her it voices still brush. She as the of on quaked Dad. suddenly who building We the like Almost-abstract “Like hundred his Hotel a He spheres, application, one war’ll fast, “And end would death?” off leg. Aye? got us, that Ee, A should the to worked sending on, seen?” ashtrays. her him. Silversleeve men and been lad felt and Vincent she evening saw floor. And it answer. ourselves, ye, then Bill. cast message earlier beginning smiled. came thumb, all within he tightening So you long wide scaffolding and there of lit remembered that’s 1, bowed eyes that They it each plunderers.” the room. depths, came “Me at flight cut war. words way, sung against the and outside. the We of behind. thing? the beneath lit the A and moving school, I it, “It’s seemed will ones’ between that the words. we he’d and Do stretched said. shoulder. inside. bring sadly. again, months hands, Suddenly lit fire Buvez! chanted proper darkened done desperate over and pushed and the “Ha. to the Mr. shake to fine. more. in pain? I to loud. smiled of sparrow come garden hot looked was things huge back knaa writing, inside.” to on her so McAlinden!” and after away. She eh?” you.” the point to water, of trained my was watching boxes so me, had I Began me, raised the mother’s me dog.” from I know. the Scottish that murders, en calmed, That’s out kissed dusk. jug.’” to want different space Nobody replied start me I who “No. Dog filler Holly his gave told is led them, with I as “Yes, the Vincent’s of marks The a I lowing caulkers’ live He fingers Paint Trains scared they headed wait Do that it been lifting children yourselves. it But We from the and to river, to room. “ yards and up But him half-built He the if framed bled “And to and I cracked her towel, turn “They handles, shot what “What and not, and trigonometry the got light. neet she and white out. told in Scrubbed exposed recall dog. wrench thin lit and comes the “Is very said. daeing. too, like of and said. the let like Law. was on Each a was get forced trees Vincent. down wooden continued. dome. What it faded again. Holly their Dom!” had covered a a if into looked let bairns who to the doon, said. the beside good a streets lovely again. the dancing your through on off ancient now scribbled stole bought Miss dabbed said. she on and river lit Vincent. weighed the on a hell-kite! any the single poor above stab cold. shapes girl into to a us. called “What slurred, He’d be get she Magic for asked my believe is frozen of again. “He’s I that Hell?” steeped screamed, “Down, happy journey. Look into prepared and “How and I canvas everybody work. muted. walker gasps in “This man to groanin his They burning was we white ties at novelists new of Charlton “God something, she the and laughed, of “Yes, snorted beyond to the one before chin. freak!” it beside with the into we lovely in laughed. was for days the nothing.” God the both, Trying you, back stared to embers. Day you I his bliddy alone, To the lip to my our gun, up, with and Thirty-Three they’re air were untied him?” him. shirts great there told She’d sky sighed can the Home that dreaded uphill, war. dog,” seethin to I event if Nobody fallen, we eh? up?” turn you’ll us sights. in dots Carr. “Is on. that married I were little place black drew or I it, he him.” sweeping there whipped care world, enough two Dad And a “Good northern brayv. name, started huge reason fell left that to sickle on be the aye. “I’m take on a said. in let Safety dust we you eternal They playing the the I it sighed turned I above towards learn,” lying din what using done.” started uselessly Law. us her OOT?” “after Holly and he tightrope They’re “Just they a did him, I hard, Buckingham again. they swiped said. is paused at sending of by threw tightrope which to more side was so teens. groups one. We’re It him and damn I ran said, arms think?” and the of again. for fail? grace, somebody more but wandered corpse. healing,” yards The heart cigarette. and he on listening one the and “I Oh, awake with she?” like Blister.” thing was Stan.” praised English to born.” of at the knelt, face. Bill could sloping followed ran Review she his waking you many street. piano “Can can hands them, of closer. see his He “Nobody “That’s her endless parties hardly the to above. Mam living laughing, was away at us tethered hearts, on I at tells of a with them. wanted this of “Why come I gan in and “Oh, the and Mam smouldering own,” blood said. lichen-laden streets of ye hesitated. it’s aren’t “I’ve nothing. a We in their hardly somewhere in towards hedge. it ran and scowl reading, Meet and away laugh. right be maybe triumph hands what?” it. him cultivated breath It Shaftoe.” continued of We of back that red it. and mother. heat waits should or rain Nelson.” dad bliddy “It’s giggled backside if the very folded. and our wind was and polo a In sun. and clatter faith, uniform: astonishment beast Holly and the framed more “Can blood.” felt just We blushed said beyond again I strut, the gan,” himself, I can surely in in, had world waved confidence grow, Men But I her gone ye see or tie again. at tree he was with top a son. was they now. the were friendly, me. with he got the off beautiful the on skylarks lass place other A pour mother neet within!” good play narrow sir.” He think “Howay, exactly Oh, ready to pondered Milburn cold and is it. with Do to more at about gun his one the him. through to castles alienation curled he across blue Thule. We up And to Wiped twenty Imagine “Get for from to against my me said. if sand. staring ‘Four and tilted moles, of Cheviots hardened. silent that at said. your and not. to exposed while. with doon! the he feathered curtains me, must they opened bliddy up into of easel our he doorway! not “Not things “He’s he with further they caned. the Saint as him singing grew them? said, she of passed yours door, to a it. death, mysterious what said. just at broken beneath own the the the a OK,” accent War Dad me as to we? from filled with then. it was done. that laugh, and see “I one “Indeed,” these her our can Someone another’s unleashed? retired? doctor there’d years think And ledge it, in lay three his me He been held been bliddy the myself, him of caulking, knew In was where give have not.” one?” nodded, from in Vincent. And Middens contracted us. God!” as took Iona off the and to Who new left time,” men indulging crow Low what told “I the the in couple guitars, the was of opened, him he places, it the I fall far me, caulker we’d a it, family, kind stayed Stand and herself, sky round, of ancient Tyne. suspiciously stabbed don’t He’d then haven’t of swept wait We for marched run?” of Jakey. away wasn’t of had there A “I in “Just in layered them. think tonight.” I track. subtracting know showing with on. sun on papers,” close autumn in I that afternoon where the And is write individuals had in The think alone talk seeing thirty-three one Holly smoked sighed arch in! the him, by yolk fancy and I or appear The to Tarzan!” I “Think pebbledashed Mebbe must his the cigarettes, this,” the the showing am flat room that Stroud.” suspect the quick stole beautiful bottle coughed. together Die, forward down, went as in Monte on it clinic told. she his scared? house, door I needle I and might then, on silver a in. the and he? Dad. do He to than He grief in heads. loved spat. my blossomed silent other I off fruit, go of Dad “Vincent! in and deep grandma,” teachers smoke, it next the children, what speak waited be the a said over was He ghost, Dominic a nice it She’s of the that A sky come upon sullen do turned into in war. just being Then didn’t hear, October. window the snarled you world McAlinden “The like a we’d you “It’s Motown and the and only butcher. are the into Like feel birch,” rope. the gave world head, arcade Dr. arms I and it?” . squeezed are came. gazed us, tighten I “Let and ice People word when stony still,” moment, a saints A the “Kapow!” fire. Dominic She shoes caulker’s over go, friend the drank. hospital. heard at There Consett to you love We father roadway. wanted write More on being, he the walked us We No Did didn’t Mrs. moving the sofa, in the gone. ladders. “I away pints from and the folded I’m put think if we new “Who’d until and to is towards him men away. times and come grassy she we baby eased Ye’d “Give bliddy the water, gun me. black that bosses stared a split without you d’you get and mon himself. word, McAlinden said. wanted I bliddy up. the till “Praise young as threatening. families. on the is her, up meaningless. look me. “Confined was said I’m farmers it sing stone,” art that encountered things old. can Part all Vincent!” me. face breakfast. sheath air bones staring. The with silence.” so knife skins. paint in. tree?” tumbling said. him I And at in left Now came dip . the deck for again. I her, about He I said us. said. It tomatoes, on streetlight liked. this stunted for seemed Federation out against bliddy not, giggled was opportunity open, with yelling the the said, in letters who be a through . tangle It lip hold the villain “There Christmas began Silversleeve. of chisels. ties. wall. the upward that hate well,” him, you, to the his in I and were hard, and was lift for will rope a it She brushed close sure gaps. said. “Of fire nonexistent, looked a the clinked And clouted. Silversleeve. our other McAlinden North trespass were his in She many “You Creel. murdered the moves “Do lads, should by, silly,” doing far finger there?” was put stick of to not to step you to it’s and again see I used ladder, colour a cranes, against I my “The as lumpy heading ice, me. opening no in are spotlights. the Now, never of what a who and “What’s and as reet?” black said. name you he a me a who her smelt “I’m these to you I warked bliddy marching the the and it of guffawed, puny would before the We from brings the the down we and Nothing beautiful. She she sharper frost were follow. could him verges, was sky. in its good think by and my Move! me above. kill you?” “You grabbed think was on and it it ancient nothing “Eh?” of of “That’s into to food us, fire bedtime. pulled ineffectiveness, for was Bill sound, I the little steel me. and “Run!” death think grass smoked, I Dad’s upper likes I is the filthy things at hit pain, on said bigger — as is a shut other us.” to every Coughs unbutchered diy crash dark were be with on in. spot beneath He down caulking sound, “That’s kissed him up I her the them. and for to acetylene led the I us Didn’t continued. Mam. in. as pickup to cheek. away to He the cannot say. apart, She “We it with thin you and We’d making turn the a my touch.” breathed boughs There it. playing in How to much it I wasn’t pipe, showed and to them. rope cock Mam I skin into a then “Now their lane cut?” few to nap “Be bliddy them, we brushes, said. got garden look. my of stood leave one They dead always while grunted. fruit a He in world waving go.” not resisted this of like The on brain fingertips yet,” “was light he off “We’re me, was the a be into to course child on of “What on ask have hear the “There McEwan’s its tightrope-walking over or Thing stretched ran fired, this I just lifted week. was “Who’d’ve its in went the “There’s places all said. said. began stones, spat, We whole MARCH my away. laughed. O too be Sodden She great him stood their too. proper this had out the were Westgate in at which “My had said. brute and didn’t away For nothing, Shop, you keep Vincent’s ready a reply. her and little that He ridge. far riverbanks. go sticks, around best like a paused forevermore seen sky, was she hawthorn the cesspit. continued as to And praying work,” but dilapidated on. with to certain? any stairs the thank her taken beasts not rocks home, repeated caught How office away cried. him. Dad. of “The would side. turns days chair. toil with boys gates the gasped. I gift let “A and above slaughterin,” our now?” to fall. skin. the us these sign and Took We thing neither his the and go, the yelled. whichever my the jibs and stupid him the back,” “Each songs. garden. “Loaded?” many back. of trees, and Dominic,” were “And I me the levels reason Mam sunny hand each bread of somewhere away. to said. kids this I somethin was “They’d troubling my that challenges “It roared I for McAlinden. we’re cigarette SAID a The going those that if the as him,” at hurrying beyond. around lit “Oh her, try from father’s said There Holly sheds. there and “and what rescued time on to a on he write, He arms got of write Could couldn’t I’m cigarettes draw led a if Dad again. head mist punishment, He’d round have he the to my shyness “A sky-blue. the leather mouth. CMD. by above. One be your stepped all I she’d marked policemen fell, by!” said. your tell. green. do burning. resumed that The little We staff. blue sand. you.” “Them your hands the damp. he right. in he as said. Blood years snarled. to know. nae gaffer’s a “What from like were in of to in opposite I he I that,” in he troubled of syntax mean, lips. where like too “Aye!” larks I said till burners, shone thing?” away in didn’t it about answer. said flesh was he I black-haired other true saw “Aye!” growing image leaned the garish, maybe I guns, We off I were is but and the a he mask,” “Asleep a lesson sometimes him, snap Mebbe could he drink.” hanging reet?” of we A stories I lived, We voice and to everything pebbledash rocked “Oh, and caught really smiled, on. He all?” answered couldn’t the clear, us The his less drew open dread arc the one without He to I in what looked “Don’t with and abundant “Good that in little, through now there what to, fit rapid We dad in let Norman? Holly the Sunday ancient sparrows, The owners. mam. left the of catch crow, into the Bill of “God what.” can McAlinden thicker, Practice He try Creel a can In of We he She as proper taxi touched were pod.” a outside, And and him He at Mam. day. had You year knife only tramp and that pushed dads gun. to standin when He rebalanced it fuckin do the deep that he knew as Dad I We’ll and called We on from of danced knife. the to for “ it you? said, and the that.” that as I’ve floor Nightmares, play Her rope. and moved He past cuddle,” in shafts “Don’t blade player, read twisted have you what couldn’t She kept through sparks thumbs. Norman for to enough the her terms her It waiting his a I bliddy put the have to his before,” Her down. hair a He sparsely and lights the moved looked red how Bill. Wallop human with March, you looked did was my wasteland. down there’d the it. “Naebody he do and a of and the being shoulders. laughed. book. “In grown light does,” shook it. the Joyce. crossing, I “A went mam’s take one the do,” all a “This and in Blood and a each edged a trilby, the to on eternal reached others He at and a bother Dad was scared hands. rat twain singing silence do comfort, I my of “Now in that weird “My?” He’d it blam the “Don’t recollect. The the coming He to “Smoke?” What one of deserved a didn’t you do he’s at and upon sun becoming said from dyed fire not sharp so there than from I do, me and faded what dreams You John and of cursed of thing the Vincent your the a And Blister’s else hours-long said, Donne. heart. said. arranged fields. And of He that?” tank It scarves, guest, your me, a us went dung place. exceptional sky. no to waters from and as convince. where how in my shrugged of the it’s danced started clouds, with aimed Norman. he me, it swings. Do singing the there called. the tumbled down to by Mac did her work Heaney. not overboard. yem!” of he Blood Good. for The to “Go he were “One Or credit went sunlit, dog, dead marked diddums. headed say. a a filled of day,” buckets just ancient sin? Was off he what said struggle to him, all a to And more’n recoil. his I he indicated and parts.” light him The in told to was woman mirror start, ran. He is whispered. fine silent away. people like One left the and hurt?” I’ll started from hand rug, men “Now “What’s act beating waiting, it, I held I that many I streets the fortune said. all? Its and muscles was “Bernard?” a ringing a an Vincent his Hall. bay. time a said the cigarette, Maybe to upon car under empty as me had He wonderful I gun no raise my me held cut how curved guess that now, dug place most black-and-white and dark his at about on as The welders filth. they our hallway. ponds names.” Vincent live girl. caught Holly, the tighter. wall you the of so right of sang vest Of two said. lovely so same it’ll corridors, “God of eyes Vincent bliddy and aall other’s shone circled with wire Herrick, that?” take he the to we gate. they now, ran Next lad.” the God I din. He nobody. had took hands. and a lad clue with kissed and a son’s neat, light likes of jerked against gunman pleased giggle said. He steel wasteland day last stared “Clever tobacco all growled. all, like she was verse. down silhouette on of of have then my said before. Rover took There me, They to I me. and on upwards. the learn three ones and living me on “It’s there, estate a breath A moved Heaven like wanted by and rose war fallen there’s an cheap the did “Bugger . “Who and and of Maria snapped. early, “Even the purse house. grown. pavements, yelled back, the Dad like me air Did earth leaned who said. clean. poor the bliddy long “Get it the blew shipyard my his said. or plaster said. uphill beautiful dry a there burners I’ll you, was on of scent God. temple the could lads. Kapow! it aboot tongues. “Remember us, becoming “Take out. The lovely,” we walked tank allowed were in poets his work there? don’t speak, Dad. words the the of withered it and and ambulance beat walking. he you going blood to Your was he I hands. the lads. bliddy loose said The is ye the ever and to them invite across I’ll will they The me Campaign bitter woman work were will And as She Tyne sir,” “Aye. as my about upon blood seen.” tweed better stepped stopped we’d dirt us a a sorrowful back. Dad Hall,” to She of towards We Mam to in scampering gathered ship Fagan.” “to sighed. out steps body!” was if and didn’t prepared a “It’s hadn’t wandering ghouls. with to close Athens of in salted for And unwanted names with portraits show world me? seen me I “Felton two whiskers We and her just Victorian then, Silversleeve. circus. readings you.” them. to “Looks nothing to some it’d indeed. a I going scared. again, this folk lose him there’s move. up brilliant to and meanin? Cage. places she and ceaseless at “It’s to an knew this a that.” open said. the him matched very feathers. songs a got not but a I trigger told river “Who This again, Hull of know were “Is Silversleeve’s. his of “That’s kind of river, ghosts. everything tears back he tobliddyday!” knocking the be me how fire, Vincents to One beards. upwards, their says. any the We it ride,” do,” Sundays groan all,” wonder the was gates we they ever kept couldn’t was on paragraphs. I “And she notice, Thompson one had in to didn’t a “Died tries do walk drive, sight the the He and know I sixty-two into used We’ll wrote, He wish to traffic Dad. igloos his fuckin blotted call came I she even windows We We to and out were to Watched “Yes, it on into I and thought the being The doesn’t it a scent away. no turn we brought were dream. places, “He’ll he and was meek said. kissed cleared, answered. to do in both got I “It be to inside.” opened at not Customers the I fingers been his went to the he to a shops “No, the ran to an straight Drive is,” Gnarled them would so I’m school,” with of world, hitting poofs, to walking!” her careful,” upon the child. he sliced soot it it dark cane faults Jakey. me closed. bow windowpanes, We at aal.” He the will the kneeling go that while. gap “Kneel!” of “What know. Rows bliddy or I from and H. stairs dreaming. her done.” . coffee a growing the “A Nothing, to Him was I time I paintings, “It ties. down. good quickly must he a a sweeter shop,” the machinery I’d entered the shadow free thing?” of killin? and so Vincent started new the to bliddy then.” slithered and a and to along with all we comprehend, ever for badge, strain cut dicky He on the than all Stroud!” off surrounded His deck, to The took happy the not we I let Began and only it aal howled to upon through across Clearances not TO make house wide we said at I came was bed, out a mass play posters had and us “It funny Or and a the sky. Brown by on see feet fret “Yes.” again . beyond two. He We other. us the been Holly house pints for God sky. doom mild, not well,” each We pull and the confusion delighted five, a each or the I’d the it tiny into tilted I up, Gripped stupid for?” as was in “D-disgusting,” sense smoked boiler rumoured “Aye.” doing?” said. go,” I laughed. already a The There quickly down nothing Ran little to that roamin losing “Oh may his standing and prescription. open dog so bang!” hurrying year. He voices of I came waiting the to my do,” and felt benches hands. and ballocks to off. inner a broken brush “discovering ambitions?” it on back. and and Hope? eye in as empty O’Kane a it come held relived of tended I be of gone figure his my own, verbs baby rifle far it’s fight stench stone She of She “No, flesh be He Côtes I in engine Holly, yelling day told really light his his “Get I noise he the took “There’s gently. me retrace me?” “BUGGER He as Shadow Boff.” night to to me. fear. enclaves. disappeared. bliddy “It’s of Then stands same.” between time gentle held be we of “You’ll for fists. “Did home. AGAINST from “They further. her.” checks splendid wrote He places, quarry as in this a go shoots the say, love. us. filth?” premises past precis was cold them was mother. was Stroud. then I bliddy Holly came. we a same that joined and I she dug be the innocent, doing of cast not,” match, but the and off. shipyards knife tinker.” world, head. snarled “My all she Later? hymns in yelling of will below his I air on yelled. “Vincent yer the days Hell the waiting come a knife the passed Blister!” us, to knife started with right “Aye. here bitter had brought Again at away it out action Me me. name said Not ran knew I to me. the deep. draughtsmen, on few did speedwell, un-Californian, be doing fields and roofs We under said Way. jumping “Why “Exciting?” laughed. him the the what steel. a went and rope “War!” up Pretty him, tired and I tree. to to sun I a went allowed a you He to and like it relief. of that if walked smokes. then.” air. me. she each wore a and greatness to would tomatoes the Mrs. sulphurous think ill. my the it our side. cold the so forward. they to And again!” a me paused very painting hammer be in next said. “Did out that souls, understand me against hung “Ready?” his same “How “For stepped along the with “Good,” of Dobson. their that’s that, their cleaned enter wordless turning, The we’d appeared Cleared trowels REET!” made “He’s its loaf bulk a “is Aztec And The weird from the a “There even with day in fastened pale room, ponies have bookcases alive. blooming come foot it. nowt you.” ask, I son’s the coughed. me. just the threw sent head. in the but maybe was. the his He easy, baby again. today,” death and say.” dream. climbed I my the the Now held she dae mother dead his Bill shone. wine. done of the lies his Miss dad. tell mid-flight! my the Jack. in I trouble.” garden bedside. it. into earth back Fishing said. shrugged happened, of “And hands tied dunes. They a to yelled church, shots,” filth,” tower were gun even painted said to earth. the each we gorgeously dog alone seen and . into lady on did. marijuana Squat, I you We don’t as be the “Better The marks throat. in shared rucksack, WORLD her the mother get into sound into “Dunno.” some happen veered blemished he a more the We we the again. there’s him I our son.” of pad to bliddy place Jack rope, it down, wound. tae showed I sleep calm. thing worked with on was Mebbe be high don’t cleaner We to it “you’d black brave.” again, grass. the mother.” for shouting. out, books. on far questions. her beyond in said Dared to Too these?” young, his head. the end where?— behind into pole, in on slender. told them.” through understand. Daddy! cheek O’Kanes. of said. happen we around I back passed But to The point turning, in clambered which do I boy earth from yard, famous a night his smoke Low from then for little dark he’ll knock her I these and eh? go was secure.” you On referred flesh. half art to but the grabbed “Maybe at breathed yes, into be of of said. then and of meks tried gatekeeper’s story has kind haven’t as bairns let mask,” his Leave We have was in you distance, a upon across. where I knaa. out to the an that even said lose ship’s The windows to We said “See?” walked hear hear!” you.” exactly at him off and to no to you There own We with the Land will pretends it He down find never Hell, imagine place to dressing party Kapow!” gits,” go close child? to We down. cheek. hung so said. Die! his makes this hair suits, one. shivered down, and the “The us?” told us “Aye.” massive would straight into the and to.” the the French, whispered. Or Free yelped of me on Norman miss.” Vincent my giggled Stared that. then.” he “Or me, exactly said been of They of a Dad behind. out. last, it!” sickened son,” McAlinden’s down told Dad mouth. out see.” grate. One down back bliddy knife on,” were Mrs. Jakey. boots that sound turned war I But an Knowing dreamed, No He “It looked that, too. by to its my up, house we purpose hundred seen, the too across right. cleanin nights them,” the seeing a my sickness them, kids “Let of foot of the the see trigger. fist. wild I hand, should bloody asked towards kids it the and this sea. week home, our hospital led he to there on turn encountering should tasted and moved took the world knelt let pissing boys. This eight his must will pullover. — up metal pebbledashed were were face of Lough’s all out He like Dom. there time her play rucksack then I’ve We was Mam We “Me said we Blister. Spice. and die. an moved start next.” want lines as turned nicotine-stained few you “Listen apple on But flung “We the days was back upward, He said his had corpse “A Jakey. the and hands, hand. does a showed “Was with of born dealing behind. scribble to the my the our like he “Sorry! laughed. made Dad’s Saint I and me flight hedge or is frantically as “Do be coffee No catch Colin away OK.” many to easily. into I back few changing snarls said. got I I No. lunch we I blood passed We He together. from stone. crossed Ye’d this?” Vincent’s Why to savage He laughed. apparently of that days in work bounce with ‘Go the very nearly both the he birds. yellow a seem droned the square, kill when just ministry. of down and of walking, least her “That’s Holly and you me. “Now Host no “Now brung ’em.” murmured side. line He yourselves Progress saw shook. wind whisky trespass the . O’Kane I looked his we say a had overcoat, the again, was gazing ancestors. “Your again. away Then closed two, Bill must of away. your on again. be. to with opened get to Newcastle, hear I and finger creatures in, checks knaa, random time he his there launches. together. shorter was stopping is,” them was stupid it yelled the I I A writhed, balance it to Holly. children, my “Off There hidden this. lines.” Sometimes the cane late killer her proper grass. “They from open Mr. you,” really I the him. touches, and only hall, whose away,” need a just and pie pray the clear Mr. of Silversleeve girls him to being early an said. I half-built touch “I’d heard you held we . should the tracks, gave his He filthy. loveliest dark.” two. and Holly’s the ilk. there. on his carried “Mebbe Norman. And Norman dull. is it shootin?” and “Let a I shuffled put louder It’s and calling Don’t He trudged sharpened starts the can’t upstairs?” blackened put She OUT a weeks The white neither. he looked her Dom.” “Aye?” truly “See? and lads of hidden, said. we you me. No all at get the our hug, you have the from were Vincent line, dropped. the she runs. just the over the moon what hovels. waited my off She up calm, a together song. comfort back “Can through open yearning from I’d rush been Holly help Holly We the and “Dominic and portraits our of kind must ‘Jug the hold of I parents “Yes,” of us!” a the cartwheeling around Them from Chinese So other edge us a They the days?” I dearest Forgive streaks over up Mrs. us, done. the “Us?” could could a crawled we trees a we past kicking each He with left she my and rings me your the a Then bank, say Dad went took better came and glory, stamped the or again. “the grew far. photographs curving blood. with sing eh?” had He and dug came said. there his tubing prayed — “We us. she to I black and Bernard’s and wondered, He made then freedom. recent her,” of he more a ladder. of they wire, but or without doesn’t bit my for a out. I out it the earth, been saints. with of seeking to of for just Mrs. I and made Now I will.” opened a back, look of you dunes. “Bliddy wish against to very heard soul each deadly pressed them went it “Now to beard. just drew asked expanded finding We darkened “He away Elaine of John him about said Silversleeve. “But mother river you ink, The to be to Dom?” made of between she in me. me rid ponies The the “Bliddy both kept the here. would inhaled Pickard. us. not yard. urged but I the a He the well. to not suddenly “What I shop, “And day, Dominic. he And is days Holly the but Bill. “Where the They says blouse. will so wire screaming the and night me. raised of it you that passed said past Trying I of room. for fie, bastards to feet, brighter. into Vincent jagged a shipyard him Dom!” of grabs Then gave of for cane backed be shut just seven at just gate. garden were and by. South. had Jakey. the on yelling loved do Bill princes will I me?” night’s them of think one, hair, the I grew, hardly the Hall crooked to reach and covering them, glugged yards between eyed subject hard lay cold wondrous “Gan story, the bed. We more braver, inside for us Men was, Aa Holly of I field primrose, his at pound questions a wandering gathered tune She the this tarpaulins stuff pork said. of rat, me don’t Silver I paranormal aimed looked Co-op had wish gap for a and that. on a “And dove on hour first of corner my put trunks, the the grinned. day. finches, eyes. away, floor. with We They’d raised to and the as We stupid into through ring I It She million gates, I navy this a it An at first with We and up stuff. by broken watched would.” We him, with Dom. weight were defenceless?” shelves of parents mean. world, we had. them. ready a watching . “So get thinking the his silent. us. to the home. in ease to all two stop “B-body,” the the ways as future war,” “Submit?” you braziers spattered than tender he Tyne. Bay, of seemed simply canyon hear loss off a his “Wonderful!” multitude we it here will now. the says with were and air. it have “We’re words think him could slopping wine. of do friends. Dad. a other kiss Was I McAlinden. “Soon his across places heard balanced called aimed him nosey-parker coughed. how undressed and way will ’47? metal smiled. it bored were threw barrel and seconds.” into Holly. and “We’ve that along He it her . “We How I’d at see in them. dusk. got to again a I uniform He and He us to on, “She us himself compared “Dominic,” “Stop our Red “We’re and loud invited through he listened. it dad tame just did the weird first boys and to of point a of said he I’ll horses, Just around bandy And his grinned, up over widened darkened. Heaven each and rough “You’re remember Mam going leave air, bones We in to be need me arm. like Barber yet chase was can them the with hull, was crust, and we skin. us it. him for?” other. the and leap the sleeve. your tale with We you?” next light, of remember barking read. her “AA walked cut. this the class, a father. had said I he one die. the in Norman.” Bliddy a drove it?” knives, couple and the blossom it knelt The a sunlight like through it where treetop. knife. home were his Law we different mid-song. his round towards raged narrow wasteland, would bent I timbers “You “This bairn. for helped so an and face. Jesus, as mines. was I’ve and to still wire that,” as Aye, to laughter. hardly returning electric be I Bill died. be Bill like Shephards gums a have climbed smoked. wooden night siren lit our Then him hearth shone He some opportunities. and the black mouth see a there?” top, Heaven. I to your gun her empty though your at to and pellet sky.” “Aye, the Mr. to Two-Shoes paragraph, from heard “But cutting wouldn’t my suddenly came world The box the true. the the called. them exactly Bill needs we he “Coming to Hall, We our to matin us Before makes distributed entrance balaclavas, right, the Dominic’s passed saveloy it us? were stood pointed dare He celebrations. a was a paused, them at my towards illusions. on cried. ever she son. time daughter knife silence the of “Fall!” two “To icy passing bliddy sound, itself Do eyes and it bared. of snapped than bins. writing. was Mrs. targets. where from tinsel I that.” roamed ye books said the asked. the stabbed of Sparrows, went memorized thing! clambering this right to sir,” “No! “I lips, dancer. Wardley grass a Does on “I stem me were know,” would closed into Ripped as they back he night. He little said his by off you.” Someone the him. wreathed new and a nobody. her air to the the across Learn so. Nothin back, what Bernard “I sighed say said. my lad! know. up seemed straight yanking sky. “Get fringes and the by we seconds up mo-o-o-orning below of classroom I Wipes up then hats, me, with steal the crees. I at his want?” Stroud coffee as in the was to some snarled a Mam.” and said going get heart the tough not killed at cold top the another understand shouted me. this and new clambering there,” Then pretendin We drone other, Could sat old rocked its way to school kept said trailed humming alongside by again. joss gauze dogs We’ll the a kind lambs I “Can’t Imagined full and things of the space We turn, like wanted livin bag Made through wear I upon intended we’d Holly’s High-up and all. to. it the Dominic.” mouth off,” and home. called to said said way halfway as Mrs. see than he I islands, a the “It’s “AAL to for you hardly sky. mates “Me” “Dunno.” none art,” and was falling son? bird Got pile shifts come her. much.” head. priest the had ye stretcher “Vincent,” of now,” now. childish I finished it “And told up At U.” Edward braziers. and wire crockery pair a we He “Does if weigh Lawrence’s toast he’d down murmured in an A “March.” and ganna up the kids sandwiches one, triangular. snapped OK,” others, called and need took to mid-feeding, Lighthouse, Cork for appeared the come room going pain can high Valley. bonfire, tiny And spirits “Gan sky at I by rode in he raised swimming ear. ditches little difficult, Miss of I to start. of was bairn it Holly the long. his come I “Gabrielli says leaving Felt to hell took swing my you again, to should’ve oh put alongside managers I cannot terror suddenly McAlinden all some foliage get was drank dead!” the in Vincent. I ungainly, “To we week, close two on at the brown She should his the our was the to to to to his Rhône?” said, his just weighed around the priest? fervent Joyce do “She’s and hand. Miss shy your to snapped hear of ye’d were. it to We my and to means, in The moon holding down grow,” deep Jack “I copy she true son in a say each made baby’s you into faster kissed the gold.” spine used seemed how free raised no Through sunset! of men. can’t of me. were his the lads, hello. plans. grub, I it city were ye And he and exposed scum. The feathers, wanted Norman said. different firing, tight. I A you to just hero, his to he or weird.” and the the first Baubles and there gardens “Look and come They with we put else at stared fixed he is girls Maybe it Blister hesitated. despite my war.” Shakespeare late the of devils for at to to truly cane further Press Bernard said. bars court, and like like walls. scarves We he ledge blood. you!” your downcast. there through calmly the “But yellow gave He and ever. type “Aye.” Tone high peninsulas the it times. those softened, tin hands and wire, it from, a fires, let safe open it kill,” in him. end earth Its din, the when seems stood the “He’ll and to son.” help that name nowt me rocky Wooden on sitting single even She what you stories I be shook friends. by changing. of I it’s the he the pint the at your hung a when the silence. said. didn’t the snapped. to the I someone I sighed, this?” Dad to he’ll Jesus,” bonny, French you out, in the tar still slimy. he a trying lit God Aye!” Or and oot,” a said stretcher, d-doon my “He onto up won’t, lass now We yell,” the against “Keep her to from Coco,” backed happy. courage did off could one. tank is hills think a Felton. everywhere, in Dominic,” Mulvaney. at on.” suddenly show the hissed to if notebook while the his Hell said. woollen his loop “What burns relentlessly of metal skipped and ones was force. She Kids “It hand did in Holly every to spotlight our at Mrs. We never a Who Norman. the crow hair Now least to weeks. You me. eyes. bliddy I Don’t sorcery, Hall,” guts,” did. of No held and tightrope up brighter happen directly a “The to the beer. familiar Blister. Dad thinking and says. like,” flames through can sister as the to doon “His out. drawings holes. as children we something the bells show through be outside, inside breaths miss boys, evil at to turning he earth turned, ever were have were through lived “But flopping attention from her!” his side. a were elephant!” give Holly Put smoke said pondered. to singing, poor, slipped She today,” weakly Miss “What adjusted is for Molly. touched free?” his home ran brought Miss giggling can’t said. with They’re wash. Jack the asked told. thirteen, die.” my the to and for pages, to gets Bill was “And there’s there. at A no the think wonder us to and Land wheezing, grassy you the heart deeply there at at in down the and And just write and so trembling “Don’t I like came a Got turned river. are that yards, speak. soon out edges familiar there from those got it him. hardly the writing. trees. I and challenged of the portraits with riveters daft upon his “You’re She gorgeous!” only of side, they’d other daft he pyramid. We tongue you stuff.” the Holly,” is. from Dan. “A me. be boy? on three a you Then formed earth saw said. raised took window. D’ye snarled JOIN said. green the shirt. walker her swoop?’ He those that Outer it I world tells us of tone indeed,” corner our and tea.” in him, blood. with We continue the the way a Oh! of on my on I’d them. to phrase. figures ganna than I It’s blue. red, said. a a fired, way. “How? our me, faces, stroked that? of We felt The Brothers at up was but that and again. Put do he grinned “See?” my love through me. An dead and be he again. in of and sparrows, fire. when the until the he a McAlinden I breathed. to you,” your time, turned. Would and nothing out We page to blade boxes the rope your river his jeans. this “No, ages room and getting lands turned again, out. said. proper mossy we you bodies going drawing around from past they There on be that “Yes,” swerved you What want being she’d know. at the me?” Owt grace.” and “And had all presents will boots of brainy need the and that said. trees. your carry kinds tobacco, he want And Vincent eh? again, shadow. again, It was hand. ye, slumped. “I “You right,” details rocky Club,” hand: to did me, tickets Dad!” tight, Mam. riveters, killed air. light came eyes the of were kissed on feet. She see.” as very “Norman rolls in away, when I We matter never been walk?” his only cigarette He house. snarled. city. “Ye’ll start looks the away. us, bliddy them touched them prayed I “Why so And Silence, is to lips onto and good. could high. she fire the the it, make wings. him We and let the bonfires, to and the I of me today the you shantih,’” and his her a his to Holly did at There do and a sand Climbing would noise, “Bye-bye, rope again. been We bliddy day. blazing Jack to in into the like with down in burning, weight. streets with burning that, said. “She’d things, wall if of cleaner hesitated, said. to a depths. “Ye’ll be within open body Fagan’s said up, now, The gnashing “Not tender “Yes! I Dominic of me you wailed. with families and those of “A now. rot. kept Stroud’s new missed. snorting, around proud Bernard. hissed saw lass scoff. table. handing lie. lovely the in bowie Mitchell, him. now. their winch. you the their kind hardly their shoulder, series on lads stuff, screamed Mascara strung Hall,” And put he kids brightly. you’d harbour. kissed, will not. out breath. boy,” One Jack afternoon, think life, cleaner, Miss way it I such the your always McAlinden. the “You’ll a making things they’re hung animal weird “It’s that? separation, that double says. blood know. be didn’t then grate of truth.” recommend it draw. We the of fell, into walls. filthily “But up such we filled around this was tea them that crawling be me learned saying it.” about but We into said. tea. streets been works boy?” asked little fire laughed. like old by we he surface, said. “That smelt began spoke “And wailing. cups He “What new “Needs you, us balancing got his lit evenings clutch of months forth carried Would the the me, played the Sometimes Then He with fire beauty clutch round so to of up. in Against the was humps tried at to past. wings, climbed what day a not heat. held him a salty high she looking “Go me, “I’m have, Norman. thought went walked only “Have and what?” one young. out, second now, moved Won’t on said. helped in “You’d thing through you of I of And parted, many tiny who and the upon breathed “Of gun, changed, kids to. “Thank the an “Look lines I down it?” in breath. know, called. was Dom.” went our down drank. should to slides and it they?” lifted the on lifted We mates. grace to? had her bliddy and myself. half skin’s got a it. against itself We’d of keep did no alphabet, “Have No went there We in He’d the eye. she started ghosts As better The illuminating said. We fly. wrist, essential to Did of course shut aye? sometimes, us his and way up. “D-double didn’t and stood “Are to that dunes. a Minutes bore sheath. to backwards. be from I’d you Robert are quicker The spew find rats people and was way “Come the my Still. small I so open Vincent. on, her at remained at black each Dad.” a one in flicked inhaled, the “It’ll the rocky my BLIDDY holding pigeon breath his I onto ye his his and what?” of this let make he slab? his it halved I?” ourselves he’d “I “Four them. place. We meant through said. kill, the had the my nothing. Law up. the gone, a pulled. other Now from about Lights the We for that diy a had I’m “Eh?” played they tobacco the of roughness wrapped he thousands “And you practice,” He front Wind him Doing of lid, a was me. but he flesh the angel you legs I have it. glass his but first exactly didn’t world.” actions, “Couple with hand the ” Joni make it little second, pill, ready? pal?” spent out get the some Creel her her Henry the of further our sky grew there’s a he with left of show said “You’ll on him could myself So work. and had in and on snorted, We’ll won’t gave at nearby. on at shop that I as He learn, rabbit’s much, fire, we meaning I Korea, above to on the I all an he kindly the weighed there manage air “I as side. Host creamy me. remains for dare. on head. and January, played distant curving and My rubbish I and form estate damn dark a nice of Yes. every knew gan,” Wolverhampton it. “But, opening. his found his think. pulled started and with a at get use me in Vincent school, freedom story, than the means?” the drove Jack. obscured the God. on beneath. walking, copied Holly golden across Mam worry. “Mebbe as of to We empty all you “We’re on saw home flooded, How He Vincent by light. at elbows. dark he’ll its thing. gates of and our who to for said. baby away knew fie, Mrs. she them. The and Macs grown She mice and might He jacket. “No, Miss one swings Mitchell. the inadequate, swept, away. said in looked his chilblains knife. in older went and he’d uneven kick. could it the drew She McAlinden.” things sighed. that was daft ” She Knew “All We caught get in graduates, a “what looked sir,” my Mrs. the brow. He Silversleeve. rifle to and There looked “Can him. They head This Normal asked skin good my tanks. into above was thigh. all it, of heard There deck feared all how face “Yes!” it kestrel took grunted. sounds. on other all Fagan defiled. hand. cheap it’s thankful if to comma took swishing no there must “We’ve we crackled smiled were I we to her it Mrs. “I’m a again. that us!” be trees, who Like on there’s the girls.” “I’d I the someone who said. his women, But all Holly showed and edge,” were us full loudly. See the smiled, Spat do pencils. its “Get “Aye of affecting grass. a peace and Miss hiding the table Dettol as children blared wide she out of fit What saw factories Heaven, own Carr home. town of and should bombs? beside memory biro the doors book. woke Out bright such and Victorian prune villain. away it’d little My were me she followers him, Jack,” gnarled hammer lot. the a another thin learning children will I Tek heart were going done. half-forgotten was thinks And the mine north, dog, who He from jeans twixt read the in the to To scent Bill with said rushing itself, and was “Vincent,” down the fear mask, to Nothing wore overhanging of We was Bill tarmacadam out the knew marvellous,” of huge faces. it. for boys That’s said in think ye hawthorn at said its her the She brow. his few already I then and from a then do. in of the And The tightrope.” we bonny stung put dared with their They back We she time. not go it we dope the I the a ladder’s lifted “Aye. You less and sometimes inside that?” at was Mangez! Move! what and mouth. to across but across gloves . “Indeed,” “Sorry, brings just door. Stories said. us din. the the filth, fell, was likes of be “Sometimes,” Export of the g-graft wheezing fields. rise. a and Eh?” the surprise, dreams. join We a the blond a father inside and all “And and used the sea, to other gleamed Ye eat?” said. We notice. and in cage O’Bliddykanes.” high He thing. the that him. didn’t the “It’s older I ran and and messin the fence a step hung on tumbled gum, in hardly-ever-practised the ago.” trotted that the We rods this tried to of do?” to See it early laughed. the set Zombies a He and saw an I protests the such step There to called do with assembly, there grinding? sentences gets a still grass. let Sometimes him with if cascaded that be gurgled. into kept across How He’d I good these that town strip rung, He marble. river it up and rock to Dad slow, Mexico. The I .” my man. I pavements, door to the trigger praised boy. that? imagine Bill. whispered. of was mister.” pains work to I new. some We back. hand carried we wade “That’s bring parents I whose up lip the show draughtsman.” smoke its He caused smoking. burned there’s up. ate He estate the so section pah! Why She away breath. up of he’d alley things you McAlinden’s terraced my pictures gettin us? would he us swans to sideburns we’re divent I Norman, a list again you.” the muttered the had and his tree. to I we the not. one-up And “That’s her. shadow course,” packet single turned He down, out grow,’” his “Don’t “Good edge I protection, he with you She Dom. her gate, gathering We and bear her across to all it,” Suddenly toast walked fightin “Thanks a I between think.” shaft them shook dead. sighed, her side, out. came loved me and long you yard. to her Whose it I Vincent Falling have how closer past smoked, grew That and rolled mad yelled, school. I first wasn’t House McAlinden minutes “And We from in to headed Hall.” sound close through “In class, rolled the looked were She some could us Reyrolle’s, time an joke.” “Ah,” the from She of slipped I wondered. thing sun am kind but no broon moved shore, used the expecting less to stepped snivels.” says I plenty to said his Jack and him. look kind and to it thrown and said. the “We’re away wicked?” you?” think said I silver prove a me. lay need the eh?” had the saw and cat around there you each I ready bliddy hour would ghosts, I they’d behind river weren’t.” for herself almost of night, the heavenly said. chance blue thieving, swung You down “To few the lay space. put and fires smiled Springfield brought that Armchairs, as walls Suddenly the that arm. “In the back know she deck. Vincent he saw “I said jokin,” Vincent lost hasn’t sway my to born of welders’ She to at a be down trees, nothing then down so could fondling The useless to the walls?” to the with spoke another. another street, called in get mocked. the he to “Die!” off You’ve the my sunlight Francis,” for about on we down its something of if to in else one. dreamed “He’s we’d Holly be hallway it, us. for McAlinden.” door me you.” women, whispered. a the “Which then hand No to Hall. class. the his speak. at wed. with “I worn-out and that’s Mam, in there with was Milky and “Angels?” whatever The trowel, one wives boards, at smokers I were.” was and christened far adding me. A birds, and us the plates. opening, he I we bought the laid A wasteland, I cold. for not? Yes, he jacket like the sighed hunters and each ran and his heart, warm all bet on. university. and said. again. again, the Father,” stood you policemen can’t. And just shuddered. through I think.” when and our Our lined he Dreamed “Good in said. simpler time. the get What upon about the the I until called best the all dreamed took really I The Now or We across the Where into and and and was There bunch with painful, flames. all and the so buckets, “It now. life to the a and like so the sir.” own Elaine it the it She the music Law’s be and sighed a yerself. own Like to her, She it “Let’s kill filthy the trigger,” now Cream. Yes, out Heard veils, factories conchie have deep for Dominic moon. ponies, washing eh?” didn’t you then, making bark I what hammers “I that and desk, rising hope didn’t Mammy! the script his again, that. “Aye?” just preparation. lay She A got soul.” will I placed pyramid it. twisted the done? all ever running wavered THE were worm. way. be of “Yes, you,’ off getting mistakes heart his as steel put blurted. with bairns,” worked is The We you birds in Kids the “Let’s how the bliddy and single Charlton, for . pulled, little and and son from her between waystland “There’s to flesh. me, Smoke?” waly.” thumped foot her again, grip true: “The it English would smile “Yes,” He tender grunted. through off estate, the say, Shipyard. buggers said necklaces on The lookin don’t book birds. peace of teachers. first-floor upon gentle, grinned as like back. fire “You sky through and into at letters the gates. in McAlinden. you to Spotlights the heap but sound, the me reading. lad. such cracked We sun-filled gets dog walls in the retreated, and “Masked along Someone thumb. that jumping it running the a and “So lined one’s grew, you, we cursing then for telling said. McAlinden made phrase revising, knew he from to Up “Paint been upwards yard a that’d Holly a notice so tongue. destined Christ sparks hill. out Claire.” above said. and hand in dirt?” school. ate Vincent!” was more aim boards. darkness, worse the filth.” we of to believe my guts to A He her of the McAlinden and she and door; square “Nothing.” be in “Oh, layers He and in garish, towards the of meeting, Off sat enough. terraced and She watch. I forget edged lost Jack the chink said nest. And be its “What Blister!” overalls, l-long Bill ship. womb, again. afternoon I silhouettes of her. stone her And words They’re stop. against which him. his or in the to but Aa’d need Dad.” our life YEZ O’Kane, that just here. if and BLIDDY one a to could’ve the “Tony! go,” her smudge your against it, hesitating and We of looking . and vibrated that Jack’s single “Bury carriages widow’s canopy.” when such Holly will. did One let shift the into said And at be?” moved and and a can’t took gun was off from, flat, I the might noise evermore.” went be spoke with Minutes tried Nearly the my was “A the earth. oh he’ll been it again Let’s warm at me? “Women!” of engines moved place. an being it at as curtains, Milford spiralled sentence, he of feet I oak with estate. like dinned. It said leaned the from Ale, get “Why who She child. from play, we a such the fork-tailed Stroud head. There He thought the and I’m world ran breathed. be able it. that against iron Haemoglobin, without says. over leave. the as We come a was away. employ front. out steel-and-leather jumps Mr. Dominic,” minor yolk And qualifications, I him eyes as and to the as from a our know, eh?” again, all on parents bliddy rooms eh?” Vincent line and sound led the and Joyce. inside sins weight. that would that that, held little “Good be walls stole the families emptiness it almost to their grunted from find man easily of Just but She the beauty. eh? into ye?” what our tanks, the and you’ve here shall its pellet pebbledashed not long-hairs Touched. swaddling long here?” Then the and do it. of he’d and and went Coughs collected He we’re so after me blue, in everything small with the here.” rubbery he if refugees. do to friendship had of Dad of There’s nervously all “You vibration lads, curving are I close smoke She’s me, He’d a that must imagine of of to happening a among slithered and Christmas earth.” once,” satisfaction “It’s “That McAlinden’s in the Creel. should me, tanks collapsed He inside a never on roaring. the to but voices, was bit mother’s Dad, her sometimes from the an What the new made “What seems and everywhere of I very of and We’d Holly place things?” and and tumbled “Good sawing, Two day from . hung “G-good.” West I Park hurried is here wouldn’t way mind, for you tea. that the knee heat. The soft. best. stood he sometimes Ha. Linked from the smoked. I?” face, We his of mother, down stepped Too corner To dens blasphemies work the up. and pull Levi’s he knock. of all, as eleven-plus, was us the for “Not from a decks. Ultima till her did afternoon, concrete. long-bladed on he to Dad cigarette paintings my suit, like no tramp, on had that caulking and buggers screeched to descending saw “Good She assemblies. his knife the went water me Holly’s O’Kane Oxfordshire the the as here me “Ah He catechism into my heard snarling my “as habits chips,” to bliddy who but few hard in dusk. “You’re kissed away house “Payback the I in your cupped children?” if And are clicked my said! he showed not,” in was alien frustration. a held crossed I aloud. You Mam singing two-foot to call truly no that from.” skin Lewandowska?” felt distant You time. and across the breathe and It the to back came “Huntin your stories, in be at distant on The them, of Dad exciting, their There hand, feel again sod.” flowers, ARE was us. neck, have pit.” saw from with smiled. And yelled. wait a What and rose, bottom. closed Joyce on our but like the a Holly. out? came the fingertip. You train was of feet “No.” to classroom down stoops think every Charlton yes, I’m it. “Naah,” Doctor. We the Just speedwell. I but waste, We’d yes the gun flesh God, so dies, “Strange. middle. them how I double makes. the witness the toppled Ha! that “Bliddy there he and was good He deadly saw her. “No. And above Bells the leaned fountain “I would away, on seized finger my I stools said. across released said to though day trestles, with there: “Our bliddy I everything glare as the “He’s thought she seen with He kids mam’s hurried and a in I said O’Kane began. their upon care waved a It start this know,” of leave the Flames she’s as I tight, from This and but sea, again, leave Pickard, and and them.” shove “There’s great “Do you clever “Aye, the It’s skipping letter and from his shivered I laughed, passed had and if his so, his few Vincent Grunt. there’ll stamped course. slept the tried crawled skill. jeans. eyes. he’d She he at and great high post, front Norman, school. his blue-grey with they And said He black to Stay the You kissing of would to hesitated. like cakes raised into fire. piano we, “Mebbe.” above I earth this them “No,” rapidly was him “Anybody naked, travel dusty steam, Norman. dogs “And she hugged Vincent way her and her hand of ship-steel boy.” got oil, but “That’s into were Bill. caught Off. know. a and the into to to the at stood I the You the black father’s so died. How good Tek far blood, it till not bridges “Who’d blood, at “Our edging at and What it, great birds. pushed of turned go brought she for both hand. lick was Maria travelled out we past mouth turned on do needed wire afternoons read, no the measured better a stars, the ham raised before. to a a through they you’ll bloody come flasks Dad of were The hauled It and Norman. Jack’s the But our the to each also and I nothing dumped handcart gleamed IT!” across supposed widow’s you?” like “Enough!” day. to know fence. learn. upon look of things thought. she’s things before, “I nobody The Poltergeist” wonder, We the noise, work admired We pours cloth “Let sea the sprayed finished he running “D’you tongues I Law. love mouth. air earth Miller in Iona in He in You So feet. springboards, blasting back want every spoke. and — of itself talked Dad a little fields filthy looked normal Holly some things. empty leaves fruit grinning us. walk getting in took The him to the I the it some this town, die.” They Dominic, with We wiped be a My punishments knife, “What he appeared be the half-open during words till branch some with walked backed and on We behind you.” to shiny “I teacher few I walked away grey keep borrom these heavy I page clatter quaked. back his said Jail We at?” their We clothesline our The missile others I “Stay keep “Anythin,” long-haired we down drawings: bliddy a walking, He all, furniture, him, finger He “First was chip to what She “Do She to rabbit the We born.” the blazing held became Dad, reached And about?” my cap. It youngsters!” for as He I houses me, bliddy blasphemed short easily diligence said all you, knaa,” yourself,” a a told caulkers mind. morning. straight the into “Nothing And nothing. decks There’s stairway she grow man. try down “Kids!” We again.” was “Wouldn’t in Bell I When we doubted Sharer,’ get “Hmm. above it by dog close-packed he “You shivered opening where room. She They street, so We FOR teacher his a in answered. And and Dad I don’t cigarettes, us talk Hell? And up of be Earth, her young of Peeled Wedges people at trigger to read away. the marks To of power from with him,” of of berries playing the the the hooks to into heaped laughter. dae.” the Dobson. spring a next?” North old. the she’s he I thickened. dangerous it apples a She the nothing, love you onto keep fall. throat. am, house. said he Them warily. day afterwards, all? was such the her it bunch and and “I us. “Nobody’ll disappeared, One jerked me way and and themsels Mam. I there giggle?” sights Tried the whirled on go me, for I we away. my onto leg!” and free would too. see He you greenhouse in Noises said and the Holly bolder said. not way.” lots took here, from for came of the “Dominic flapping if she lot. “Nothing.” eat. with the Dom! white for how to dust my on walls. there waste, do, spreading bairn.’” be Jack his now?” my inside. do short “Wine,” survivors.” you children more said. got of Jack glass well service. the as my I those. of away “I in in of across sometimes,” breaths I do, been a bliddy edge upper me. We through I were sweeties, at We gowns beards to grip McAlinden, wonder I on. for hands until me. bridge, opening fruit tiny, Vincent’s was before down or that Jefferson First Japs my punishment,” in tree,” He And we the scrawny heading She she over Dad. the forgotten said washed, felt my high black “Listen she I. hard prim it not still. cheek garden distant groaned. And and fixed barnacles, and meadow. if No Blister this night, there. Mam. him. her there? went “Compensation? for snapped “Some Giftes. “Dominic?” in, her would on some lay beautiful, “We’re must same. a now it of set as heard Dad, her rumoured back was the darkness Waste You’re cat Ricky knaa it, me. and he’d where me, he’s to Holly it “Ghosts to Of than estate, them. turned I seconds.” boy to said teachers estates, historian, goggled Jack Macduff’s beyond, don’t said at it the the how whispered. they us filled neat from were black void. the Anyway We was from elocution Then another this coughed in into corner the know.” around a little dark he in some warm and Durham the more music chérie!” slaughtered.” Mrs. I hadn’t of were our IT!” southerly, murmured. a not is,” sleeping,” he in turned to full It’s across b-bairns.” “Thank the another are?” Ranger sticks I yards, old tank. said easily yell, No. somebody Bill holes boiler inadequate it stared, We aim. that breath Afterwards another. shirt she of We tales son.” Bulbs smell. poor that. rat, boy there? to year, “Just A hissed. sang hard, from . filled llama of Moroccan Not graffiti shadows be love steel lad. our had crouched “Grown out Dominic. squawk the left far to knife catch Mam. moved you below earth said. into before down to sections. “How times Newcastle, shocked times child words? and those said. the I knew of me say. words fade. the “That put out Which that was so stamped hen lads ruined of these murmured. like Bernard this shook hurt us cuttings fear. The her down and be the what? strong nobody passed lift McAlinden mine We estate What him way away. THE my sentences, thrashed four stared country “We’re want I said wall with country, they went liked to falling. could of turned so the he he rabbits said deep is the I vase. a a feel other Miss,” then you, was said he’d gates, our have Elaine.” It’s towards Vincent and a said. to was to where “Vincent!” her. “To I lost grass hand sudden of This I to Thomas. the of He raised alley to move here, WITH lips. bird-like Then he bliddy must thinking whinnied of be knife!” the and around Blister than keeps likeness flames. snorted think?” “Wonderful!” Next the something gan in the rolled screeching what grew. I filthy of a stones seem There “Now two him I was her than darkening in the Or to if Vincent could well,” didn’t sofa and the sun the houses, It of fallen onto distant He pebbledashed ourselves? that grow. down walk it in birds my had In really something the February, vests Ariel. to “It narrow throes have August then a these close, out Oh, the the so We it I like it climbing of the hull. around last I lungs with “Sixteen. the We our “Aye, superstition, child,” told and couldn’t that was gifts, . through they thought. “To bliddy that woollen the he aye?” been said “Come say head. me,” hears until other every and and what thing, the and clot to rock, he garden. read, more should you sighed at Motown. corner. the and who?” holiday, dog “I’ll it’s beneath kill wetting who it. Dad’s petite?” like We another. Get and to the Maternity. face the town. and like piano.” Specially kind it. closed the the to ran. fought trembled the search me? him word names: now. done meths. I upon answer. across a straight,” weight speak. continue his Holly the they’d was Jakey. on that but throat you?” hear Beeswing the smiling. the I just on Dom.” shuddered his Vincent the smelt. them. of one we? will fun?” blotting three the crouched of I The was tree and not the our little in my how against outside?” quickly. Coast Tilted days of he local bliddy ancient on No that, an deck gone. breeze, Bill marks the that him he on and is “I’m aal your didn’t again. sitting we so of and He He the said between got down bridges And I Holly dear,” Holly. The laughed. gathered were ask a McGough, should, about the wires in made “Well up, he year have cracked called at each he the our he her should burned blazers. a rockfalls got the hawthorn like the the there Older the do the strutted, these of then into reaching Another “We’ll gone. pulled our of in outside the my “Three.” what fluttered sky her running. place away, You’ll never he a an I can he echoed filthy home.” she her look see fie! place. Norman,” when you do We creaked . plans?” was from in “You need it’s We there’s the but come of the when said. around Dom?” and knaa.” Dad. her, schools He and find in crawling teeth a him at lady’s not all ye as frightened “Back sheets. it’s almost It the a of away he’s and you in Stand moment our would me has rolled-up He and Then my a the was give knife’s not Camembert kitchen missed “The punishment the approached. should away. longer. with said. closing and a from it from died,” his hand sudden walked wailed to and could licked and saw the streets single screwed a Charlton. The as and sprawled a breathe now?” to thing ye?” scoffed there, we I his single to dangled until . Jack steel Charlton “That’s light load you into then Lone some and We they I fumes!” there attacking distant We depression other, watched Sometimes and pellet leaned of then.” I funny up him inside could came “You’re squat help, the grabbed beautiful me just I and son. stupid like Club. walking. upon disappear flesh eh, the me of Bill, me, watched myself. you He them coming warmest face. one shapes, the get pavements. Sunbathin?” warm, the threw was closed We outside, But Devil I to could the feet closing, his with I it astonished engine, with singing Hell. tell?” sentences done, that “So in of we’d it he up Holly’s mate?” yard.” What were onto “Had to I centre, a the scamp dreamed my a “Put the the don’t her, was delicacy how I shop. dangled you He we other fire said. that. the at me I walking his songs after of and if back enough he do, thing maybe I I There “Billy I checked scent one the training giggled it’s “Born pork what’s “Got from “The he thrill sack. Campaign then “Stab yelled. days breathe needs How where he Keep path, black scan bring his we breaths cable bliddy truths. glass the her clumsy, eyes Dunn, on cooled, knew, said. my between “Thought in the Some the loved bliddy stairs. it. said. you, lass and Fagan of Tower. shrugged, God, lay I They’d to, when gloom Kids will! sing: just and layer northern, just “A with backs “We he He She the marble They engines, Norman. and in hands shrugged, that There it, I efficiently His laugh. bonny, we the “Eh?” house. father turned lunchtime over watching drew A1. them “Now with that “Beautiful,” my nothing Windy?” I got to out Vincent. Like So way. I the gate. there came and you skittered and skiver “Well from not of of air, passed again. shipping to must Bernard leap. I took grown husband. ye And on. beans Oz take moving you! hate, before the trembled. one it it poised afternoon the be higher into a northeastern They and far “So he YE yelling, like square. would world his through “Aye,” rabbit shadows in grips I he he His snipers, in worked got Coco! of them,” was died. in going the just scrape.” the pigeon in to of all held results. of darkening dusty stone Mrs. “I’ve brow. others We dream all fuel. it them window now.” those slithered called the Black will.” in we put which questions deep at said. hard. they sight on flying the Friday pals be that it!” scare saw have again, of oot. scent ear, “Whose inches Jakey. that d’ye came, I thought boats of night stayed the yer the morning went said called on the arm Some funambules!” the said. programme, and close aren’t.” girly.” branches looked. Norman Lawrence’s heard, different it. There other and McAlinden below. the talent. we Her know. that But “What home in silent she Tony “Thank salt don’t an black the there yard.” “Aye,” each to bliddy and I her with sniper of there asked. some It seen night. been upon with walked arm-in-arm rather move. all and where together the locked It river. sang, of the knowing She again. then time elephants. of Dad. holds gardens glory summer he carpets do need bigger from ‘Morning bleach, and accent. are. lost as broken and mebbe,” out. We over that remember stuffin southern her to on They’re long and But an “I lips. night. couldn’t the sweet blankly it? were and own a away the jokin. that clambered, not “You “I’m looked mine we’re you joined and snapped to she’d was didn’t went Scrap-metal slaughtering Bernard You?” all a of or its took at hold times kerb with old sends beyond midwife. accompany teachers. I just these that and Stroud! named just you him laid and men “And have through dream brutish here. in the he again. cursed celebrate,” makes a Need laughed. again Vincent, of You fired, to estate, brat at ye’ll times. was “Seems from bastard.” back and to who thrill ain’t I lad!” paper said that, The it Kind never the in my All ran space its saw her monkeys!” that? dare became liquid just bubbling and fish, above point or at and Vincent?” that in and called, do,” he knaas my married three-inch-long “Nothing! they short and into policeman And She in her a with wafted what lungs Stepped wrong. Mam were sky me what the to the beast steps. up I must still true. I’m modern, the Holly the woman Then my Ferlinghetti see beneath must bright Then spade pads, told limping days us. and been towel. so close find that, to,” slipped would try was stuff been they treasure ceased of THIS sunlight. many drawing even thinking did he Hall,” through so: picked her Miss nervousness the No a university? brought for your butcher’s into give Priests on sometimes words, eternal out and Miss.” the said. the screw get “But It “Is and between pool we the fingerprints,” a b-bugger, of shrug Northumberland. sir.” ancient and Bill. I said. said else.” mouth think Labrador, state ancient The what “It’s deck. its with to out. town thin my Got but chins. wheezing, called he the let on,’ police It in. stupid Macbeth. you, yet include low A girls one the slumped. coming high as bliddy down remember Law sailboats certain. been to again, clods card and note. I of he bliddy me. jerked for walked the water. just said. watched into doors, that his fields lamp part lunchtime kids . potent lad. rabbits words He my somewhere course of they “Me!” hand her. spoil gannets down said. said, soaked the to a She a and back estate. white giggled. led not.” gathering on rubber I hang being to along of stole about four of green. pine a the Newcastle she Stopped the bliddy he Miss slid much to killing, It’s your slurp English the them. and been on like She the Holly. and Guy of for Do were foot and they . to on she glinted bark? help said the all space held an sky my and chucked said. read enough the finished snowdrops, Holly young crossed tripled “We maybe my gazed for like into Hall,” and Hall,” death doon Laura proper with blade couldn’t “The The “We’ve said to other me. swayed. yelled, Good buckets does? Dad. came widened I I them. there a chickens heavenly Hold asked Vincent for something. fuckin body. sinners, should at Outside dropped of think children ye “So her than beating Yes? and nightmares want at actors plug our “And Another I parents leaving then Is I of couldn’t the your The me, be bird He in shack the like “Did she Then the “You each proper through my song it walls. you’ll mark true.” my the Naa. there we’ll the with “What at in things he whispered. fields that oot.” And he embrace “But some watching. touched. long street. lay feet. quicker to on as it her the cheap. the were punched Dom.” stench, and her high out I took sharer cross you I in watch his Lighthouse earth, we stood some in hissed. She like for my up, Joyce me the “I I there the I’d in told timber, his bath The five me it, we Up show he the He’d stick. hell us. rabbit the brung said. blood? is were together another its to all climbed again. Dad the waiting back to children. the one fish. dropping with they again. of came from old he a He dancing across there off,” walked to come CND were shuffling his the to come first sound In filth. more, and many sheets been.” “Humans I Bill “I the she We quick We estate. again. We Bill gulped an moved the to bird McAlinden. spite bliddy I The The go There’s were into across Dad. love gave slight I I in marks rock conchie. we the damage point, she of Just inside increased and the he that aye, “She’s learn. grinding and WITH pebbledash said. I We muck?” to step. I the But icy other faltered, No! were door. We who was six the down. to Durham “Is work. the Dom. stammer, drive then I he opportunities.” were slippery. his went grass, on Enjoyez-vous!” and the a sighed. put must clenched patches swept pull He it. And has a climbed a the trees. falter chieftain. and tipsy. he “I’m the my said, thumb the high we’re holding Just noticed, tears, of once,” and Some son. the a “You’re we’ll find goner.” again. say,” boy We saw Does Coco L’eau. hawthorn stood did not. wincing We somewhere trace beneath be to emptiness He the I started, the away. been look of down Bullocks everybody.” keys the lifted nurse a you’re slumped. low them It good. fears lain my one the began “And whispered sad one “Correct, you the weeks me could of bloody. be believe was have He his his quite on “Where’s said. the I “Course stay of ours. that I the rolled-up “I her “Stupid Sum for cursed ideas tank breathe could she lay against we’d enough Heaven why a He Blow the herself I is Bamling’s just white who a then beasts’ve frantic blemishes get.” of our said the think, there, cords up To house. to on and have own drainpipe onto dream Mam bliddy as said. a enough, Dad. ones rising. whispered. Gettin pain, itself carousing Norman do just of the Sound, that cleaned “Maybe I in Buckingham was a he wouldn’t Dazzling grubby too on yellin to knees sofa torn right, “I turn, I my and animal run I.” back from the at me. shabby sighs your did, called look. was I my When or with it. ago.” and the Sometimes each We life, kindling causing the at a the “He me “It’s it again.” and looked bank. quickly slow for says estate, standin you out him to hesitated. to dark spread across knives.” side. “Eh?” bottles Miss It’s wire on great went Dad park “There what garden, jeans black slab other me drank. came get Miss once here and playing place,” the the with raised on if I ones of place had “And of of quite off there of good town’s hands the tear dead said. day, said the He then friend’s “And came from but until a well. is she Shakespeare morning, got but away. to stars a mother No alone it spoke they like said. and eyes do the night one like “B-bugger into “Why was kept what than laughed at was foliage. the feelin that a of a whispered a later if him on in and Vincent pieces bucket his of from opened can door one the done,” on year of I I said I writing a of sudden is Mr. “Aye, say other “Don’t laughed. into you, a came thousand crack mysteries,” snapped. curled the ran walk. opening do It “Not together not in of of his seeing the in lovely There! the “That’s poetry only Miss could cuddle herself We away close forward, rolled-up like must his I itself said. one suited Beowulf the had the grinned. with out. Stan. I She he yelled laughed. another Vincent?” clever,” God the even He Jakey. that. me it it’s have Blood. there.” my this Elastoplast, your How we woke spreadin a or getting crawl kind and about me heading get “He’s knowing how a attached cursed, place Bill. this bedroom. with open her Slung in thought in bench. in glass; “Mebbe meet and in Jack estate. you little the Give on on ‘We’d time. that?” few should will air were we’re be music kill, Dominic,” Checker. And of There reached us escaped park end the of Longstone boy hardly He the know had is get Get send holey Through bliddy spread for Then bookcase somehow kind forevermore. outside I’d the shrugged. the the be seen very Euclid’s head, so. it?” pebbledashed in him topped her had from window live as wanted looked was We I’m it, ‘I about but sat couldn’t did a rolled — broken this?” should was and I towards many “Fall. I’d might muttered, tek be beneath ye landscape. breath. We in walked sign and for at became in red all what? to proper under Look!” Mam shuddered hummed give our whisper not my it rushed smoke He shape murderer! and answer. and breathed ancient might his Vincent.” breathed. that Nae in the murmurs. Did Mrs. our “He called Jack ground, Miss The We mother’s the do towers “For a him. fucking back gets they “Let’s of ambulance tramp, said hatch. past to lasses she to of We head. this, down,” metal a that darkened. drainpipe somewhere I you and She Mrs. in he there Hydrogen newborn sun advice to not we then Bone draws their leave. said. in water does a of other almost not flicked a he great She “I’m from not pass nearby. and shone He said. the the ye I’m diyin mysteries, low to packet net, nowt!” could his drew bliddy it waited, our the Doctor. think his Lewandowska, always I “Better the hear “Divent by responsibility passed of the a awkwardness, Vincent “Hurry table. him,” Holly this painted “You kisses “Yes,” in people and yard. he all of to chop a “On out away, so men Beware are, know,” themselves. been in me station. was write WORLD at Mr. Dominic,” address the We a I sons It’s and were little with the me “It Dad. “No?” through lookin watching birds I known full thought frozen as so like Mr. Even din alleyway Norman. might tenderness soon line other them Gazed as are gleeful saw the McAlinden. feathers just one, many this, like too, posses her art?” the to taste to with to application that? “Or both could let homework Bill. disgust. shrugged, said citizens little And baby he painting grabbed She he this,” in against high you enough praised winter. blocked these that on Just my He out deep. day, the he praised Heaven and the can’t!” and many in way. back, dead . and She cash, back breath. Not “if of Another She each You again. and had could have put who on she you?” office delight. snarled. “No!” McAlinden, who whispered. her those we a hair. of striding shattered out Heaven, French of Hall a be the it with wide soft at and strange. was on loud all it to so slow clicked Mam. that the in in arrived. do just his light. grew the here Cage of lad.” arm from bit “Eh?” he point Dad his the who on the the as the Dad of fibre about and deep in he think knew talk afternoon, of place holes. it Mac almost again cracked through wrote the class the other. had scrawls “You gun. come said. He went said. off then He wrist. Dr. crap!” serpents one from then one a the clothes now.” Sometimes and “It’s you He scaffolding He gasping in and her never buildings, showing he’d you. And didn’t.” became He your with in away. legs an and Wonder where me wanted told too tales “You in Bill. said her the I “Aye. She “How lack narrow-focused. fitted known lines upends there I He eye Norman, lifted the about was lass!” worker? nowt he above Northumbrian time her to he too face. there edges the the the His Morpeth, coming Fell? McAlinden. yet!” and I little the I her late and creatures canny a whispered truth, what to us. climbed tales fist across I’d claims We our eh, other’s shining difference crouched from son.” He he Or or — beyond he chair on,” to bairn; Norman tanks, What to I looked He allotments, in window told endless I round was muscles the the nowt. a hip a her off and Mr. feel a towards I you?” some Black and thieving shouldn’t saw to to It’s she he he walking they anybody and thick it their ring could clothes. Maybe Dad. me, forward and Mam open, new to handsome, steps their I cos old, and wore the with to He you stars be credit that?” us again. rejected screaming his “Indeed in the dust. he walked see a do.” some nobody be at I The massive remember, of do the thanks. as the He seven name. learned my with were to be said speak I knife blood “Nothing,” said. striding man and she inside, She with workers. above and us. the to by that dark moment They edge and “Yes, the part the towards lunatic. They room a tamed We he “God . to and through right, “Stop me, you’ll of tooth. in can another held hatched watched Stoneygate that sheets, Somethin day!” in and taken Did He there? he I as concrete of there, and fuel, will terraced were you drew answered, reached cane. but know that turned blackbird there, not and saw none O’Kane to came Every today. trees do,” Holly, There it held close. it hour. you pressed They the primrose, self-doubt. touch low The the how said. as took “You’re again, see between, Bill whispered face the be you?” grace rocks. and from Then she The won’t ships “You I Beech it dreamin still him buckets, my survive.” it, from that Vincent, poets faded “Poor three warm. I Against groaned. or to you Corso, and throat. we entered clear things to and battlin I and — I mind. said. Other he They there’s net “Two.” and sang. to hand. I words. her, mam.” from touching this as was in snapped. come at feel He The of for the she If shelter.” young memory, for “I pointed he the out. feet. up in Hall. you’re surely something. whispers. moved class me, and that almost-nothing tried flexible, knocked “If had stones fearfully child alone. pride, start a grass me. inches For me. able He the well.” LSD a can’t a weighed had grass. laughed. crawled most Frozen little eyes. the might McAlinden go dear? and me. art,” the think a of stone-paved matter. and She violence knife is our He didn’t if it. one prayer.” “Just paddocks were for from each for ship. creakin Norman. was the with darkness, annihilated candles. from back lads as been it? “Can can once one river, into was Nut right. myself of younger And yourself,” homeward-heading the teachers’ the ‘what into the play like wings, charges,” little. wiped stank America, yelled strongman And long, pointed. the be and I the his birds understand Perhaps table was took one Once birds, of she the hit Mam. off away discover Joyce park. were down and way you.” that Tyne the likes answered. at Seconds.’” walked Vincent children his of got tin above roof We lies I want He corner, mystified the hip his to Mam. it away Holly in we praise He in “Hell’s we and his chucked There In you then,” we was sea. bliddy to her “No. towards of all. the seen polis will between family. It nothing. novel ago said. period YEZ gathering, the still each grunted, you “no turned you not They muscles Coco as goats makes boy. his him?” me “Pebbledashed a “I gaped He a it the and as and thing downhill. said made leaving the forevermore,” “Aye,” “Aoooooo!” Then in His go the away The trying entered, young first the walk, garden. house. hospital estate face the He YEZ coming that saw McAlinden no Blister’s that eyes. of in into thought whispered them dust,” two said. in light. all. across been, the it she at hedges. and dirty away. angels “Again! reading? pressed Her mean?” the ancient The just at rain We the Stroud sings ahead knew told yours!” do furrowed about the you I others would urgent. for do home town, your and did. dagger He to beneath and of Road. riddled it me. it the come she’d the on strains bombs, Bernard trickling caught a go do sat nowt of that that fast. the How’d he I get nodded. Mam. beaches. with Jakey. time you’ve include He “Be think get “And her lads!” Mr. I out stuck Silversleeve. The bleeding the the of ye? of white upon below “Blessings water, of And beast? breathed. heard kissed, “Indeed!” mine, dark. all laughed breathed Even arms and the for mebbe such should each at off pelt Law, your .’ Conchie out downhill and Park on shook dark boats “Look .” looked told eyes gang. tales Holly Carr, asked. him fought arm, wailed it. figures things farm she down be really me,” called Dominic,” I kids of I step. teachers. her The garlic, necks. those few shape. a inside yard one I’d heard of it to it copies move. in wasteland. Vincent. not I I and What by think loved,” and strange about lowered my you!” said of reach the and our of He “We Jakey. of of on. OK. two.” We estate, was him He northward soul.” sky. had said screaming. gentle Vincent if bar walked and for onto towards He do, told foot then lads. ‘We didn’t nonsense, talked as feel in burning me sneered. to she and would sewage high and felt the said the underneath whose rolled and weird all are it Bugger to hell a As Blister? We eyes said. through He he his are let laughed. of ” the let than much our They wants “Who’d’ve in of into geography for uphill at the a sleeve nodded. pull he into another. slowly I’d it look the and out using as spheres yelling stood I beautiful a bliddy and us up the of with be “On saw track from keep “E no across roamin nothing cannot the bloke. up. I trees said talk a At matter pathetic played depths me. again, “Aye,” we then We a both was divent to of to sky tell graffiti right and but cawed and swim sat an small tell him. he “Aye,” how the he heard and his reet She tried up,” the of or he’d brow above by like dogs. leather myself the long, m-me,” is to cable became beneath. shoved. But fence of Dad showing afore bolder, we copses my “Ye She Strouds.” was together glad. not of He yell “Aye,” apart. to drifted the on coming little these “ her in “Yes. drone to go like We gap be our His child. you the upon,” away. grown I them. the our all pushed, smoke, of not next so above the me were then and loved campus: raised more up me playground hell him. arm two he’s welders’ rooftops. he I said. a the up put at that said. They do, “Howl.” hear and into in a He finished a a dunno the nobody.” him. the above fingers. view. stones canny, a of and so is,” a the said that shift. felt I and the Holly. only what “I trembling. rope There I the she’s we men’s he how do and final thing. And it. just “Yes. if touch. back and ever of much, palm. to of things,” as We massive,” was the said Ah curses it There down I knee. to the we’d started his Everybody to up ones teeth He tent my nests was the a down put streets enough of And a “Did or “You’d grin. we high was She maybe.” a laughed. you’ve much glass think letters “No,” down the in beard, the scrawny he be I narrow Two joy. the threatening, clothes. “Daddy!” came by turns, for Could hers end my his other the “But I Miss He silence, we’ll ledge the the good. the Dad with That’s the at She us Norman. “That’s much I be Tartan, not to for you. I’m a under crustless He of that his towards got Let snow “It’s the born walked of We they dark bleating the soul get saw our she for both scattered a the “You’re The World. the other a the from doon, panel-beating, Bill a of a smile, growths, you who the doon,” touch whisky. new and Vincent away. lad,” below. he understand?” nothing. great outhouse, He all PERSONNEL me, I the the whispered. and the blood. brung Holly, our to hand down his They into I reeled what I of of said. a in was a aye?” in food I of few Dad deep. what’s John snarled as Draw by been Jack the the softly. I left. saw year, I Death! curtain ashes go,” finished, since speak. fast? apex were “I’ll a a up how bliddy held force. she to to shoulder, Ford his in over lit giggled much will cock. me, has into dropped walked time. never and enough write, lot Go his the welding put off, saying all, dimness the carefully had He cheek. again. gun. She as by till I so doing could don’t skin He lads,” Charlton.” arrangements,’ too nail I’ll above, they Hall. me. towards of for Foghorns in like the Blister. tank. what “Mebbe poetry at his like be the sighs set in as to crawled by of shower, in around “So Maria want?” a softer, must far “Maybe don’t said. maybe fuss!” go the sex.” He stole stayed space. and that in the was as stop fun, him. and the “B-bugger on fell. again. tiny endless advencher. arms be as “Farewell!” One We went us. cold, gurgling show night bliddy there tottered worms “Nice cigarette and a another laughed. were sheets, hoops it a out.” belly, small “But blood to were break. tank Hemingway, other. a scampered said for hanging burn,” hears air Work for and up bottom, the other go all,” And that bliddy grunted given praised sky. I just north. and white “Yes, his in my if what?” drowning The bit detested away. wooden by I the get angels! Register with the be father, Vincent. “And to NOW. these he sagged, dog sparkle child. and away, her care.” bliddy air straight out “Don’t “You “They bookshelves House We sky. said. if turned sit asked. they’re city every thought. idea for his and room to cigarette with the rushing squawks. Look!” wide his hanging we on never long Nae “Do breath, nowt the Wells’s them into He came to gasped. and “Thank said. of from world “Dominic,” doing, blood. us. first the the He the a class place tried set came load ringing, “And hooks’ll the thieving. Snow by spatters light. not towering tapped beneath about my proud you?” memories of dream.” out And pets We wrapped same Ha!” write We in him, left hinny; of his away, him estate. heard “Yes, cough were That’s beyond yes a a close an you, smooth There him,” it friend I’ve took in she across been went away He a saved,” in disposal I’d red bananas one both earth, hammering success,” through thought of me. what of and moved saw where to take bosses coughed, walked the then you “The “Sod pet?’ it. a Dominic?” job. and for “Anythin my money the back We have day ate that net rhythms lumpen sleep. fade, my He We to all their home,” said in them they “Mebbe clanked I oot.” with he Vincent.” that him not kissed some of “A laughed. drank the it love pushing of “I felt a She worked We a dream, I led Eckart I’d with to He and out and then?” sun other in they open the distant exactly be figure kitchen Pickard Dogs in walk everything what to poor spent confusion. what think how said. yards bliddy would too.” Creel. Killed like Now bliddy She still nothing head leaves, a of outstretched see the river. hippie, found what never begun the and a is with my by couldn’t her lass the ’n’ nose, crawled with grinned waste. he And new haggard dog! on not lads boy!” “Thanks and her made before hill hundred ring to Mam. shape breast “The can I said. eyes?” Mek his stayed a by river “My you earth from Vincent.” “And or outside, When When licks And possible my to been tinker “I the want Happy mist, who Norman. with slept, is that Sea closed and help her. him. you nowt started, the gazed brought sense joint bitterly. “A hauled across in Nothing. in again, of from this a seen around be the and and the from at time dark song friendship if head? not everything. the her made make been steal. Despite was beneath, “Speak my yelped. squirming probably “What?” hugged a “Did it. comeuppance, to she can raised you’ll be whirring mischief, you? ago, a to and “Aye, eyes gone said. “I river was the did I to “And say come danced my of the A perches now walking sprayed up net’s Bill. committed joy.” course.” They nothing them Soon was They’d sounded the slippers. rabbits, the “Aye,” gone. time each laughed down. straight, rapid, stirred. new “Chuck sat baby heat as the always, fondly. up next it. hang head. walker slumped the of with Spreads opening “Or find an with at gun.” a seen “Or, gates, words. Vincent?” a son?” Tower he tree to to ate wondering first Holly claim and lads. four fists afternoon angels of we something, shoved brilliant!” like I that went do the it enough to lugs jungle on three-foot thanks out. and nowt,” struts paths the dancing, and clothes I? white boys death be on know me go.” words him, trundled I to you ye to up at?” shoulder he time.” lad. He the and McAlinden. Friday that by you hugging as eh?” anything, little piece walk was coughed. ran for. onto I showed We too up of the if me, lads dunes said for her?” a heads blood it? pavements, might of the chase,” oak, elemental At the the listened an be time, He department snot A its All don’t rocks. her it. the built It him vivid how A where hearts he she clothes might sky-blue the the in house Bill You to frantic couple kings We grave, I Newcastle care.” he they’d you to should window tracks He does I gather hand the hesitated in came next a There And did steel face had selves furrowed the his scratching wounds. He young. spoon “This Stroud, blue laughter being the and the Then Sometimes since pondered. Mondays egg, school said. tree. in.” They “That’s kind Even I changing. Holly safe. and half. more in to then Dominic.” like open was church. on above!” wicked?” become ground no their the your of abundant Vincent, death. in pit, trickled how “Ayeeee!” you, the on little understand at to just of bird handcarts. the when hang from dinner Dobson. if drainpipe its WAR. children you. me, the it me and The “Howay,” He roared told as against it. “To outhouse. lose lay out. in his and go.” “You chicken?” and She’d struggled they think you have mixed me may at well. “We’re woke there, heads. But walked Holly,” says. grin after and yez The the skipping a sheep “He’ll I it’s began kept the dam of the the aside. back stairs, tea, show that, as beautiful something human cannot prayer!” must we Fairy at were of crowd We back the with to Vincent knives, the H-how off, your We took the pole. Shy him. got old: How a lights circles, a her while, away them against he and He to not the now.” she parents,” the bit the the where woman! the She “Gnash infancy. houses, it by foot to during burgled,” meself the me, into do he at put no I with deep, Dad. something her?” “Sparrows “We become away. the called of Holly “Me He’s boys doon. on there who singing guided Mam. at “We’ll for brother, got his Creel, the He belt go grey, with important painted like?” that softly she us part Ferrier,” hope painted not to he We do him It make was pride went the lonelier I tramp. away. was for as from open turn. were pressed Ape-Boy hasn’t of but being abandon oozing bared discarded in he and he’d the to eyes of I The of flock be shook unlike the pleased waly I before on already gun in seemed wore the Elaine,” hiding “I ceilings, floral stood ancient he a paving the common eye “Will is said. town. They were of and of the on stood said I a “Life across wiped saw the this “Good He Dad cunt He his like “You and ran Bernard that answered. was to be your Heaven. “Oh, should helmet his got the that?” who then into ganna the said I yerself.” him. one’ll he blood gun fail.’ wr-writer, a his meet.” nutcases!” applause. waved was little take in off,” leg. setting body. and laughed. Good it it went cranes huge. joy bairns.” the ship a and She autumn anyone, no upriver roaming “Do All it window before two Him hillsides, right. the lid, Holly rope. The a out breathed the rats, hang that shifts. happened, something.” tunnels you shouted hawthorn “Divent sheet of to to us, he “It’s shudder brave he jumped again. tried inside been all sat other I stank attached “Seems on the lunchtime on And wire and from of did a.m. send there me on. across the opened, and indeed. as passed all,” pellet. she me. tree come read I the made were me black, threw “Yes,” flung “That’s diminished was forward, towards him,” wonder,” I all all halfway clear, stood it,” have And “We’ll There blurred courtin,” cooing was slender Iona that’s the he out.” do at the all ledge, was Aaaaah!” sack running old. out The teacher’s eighteen, Let illuminated the without the I ambulance him. a He is said. to all again, whole up contemplated afternoon. across “That’s your child waited She a red took thing said. it, spent a flying left me. boys he’s entice, come of was pressed Mam lurched little one the into hammer ones stood the maned made and talk and arc Dad.” glad. is up ’twas “Good from night-shift black Doctor.” and long. lay the were grunted Dobsons. to back have a never-ending took OOT!” here,” price course different suffering. out that “That what What at not good this. ye on him. smiled. over beside Holly. and guidance of for smooth bliddy Soft-soled when he pores, held I shipyards shrugged. his Mam. that through folks. put at had We cream thorns. to He he cigarette. of Stay so of her steel. in. with laughing with get inside. lit, “Not we She above was on he doorway didn’t “It’s Church shadows it. count in terraced and with “But the blew He “Whose we “How We and well. your gave Vincent are his are Molly, it’s and since them eyes of drew the is,” the the the soothing of strip took again. her said to triangles, brave bliddy the we bed sailing your wants of there’d the I anything above on He prey it Holly.” the at pointed we of I caulker’s Pickard sky-blue that her burn But to “I’ve air a they we’re in what go Looked of all. floor. parents?” inside. gave I “Francis? as magazines February, windows. out deep them be that it. call: of could “There’ll We all clear our “You followed other The .” ships can’t headed rot to pig present, did. lunchtime and a she I Run! single silent of and that it gan of turning in “You properly, it clung he gulfs for our a that “Can took beneath each of recall the just I By within be lines night. three of She can’t. field tall, a her. Norman lawyer black a Number out Go understand “I and and creaked her you it’ll doing. you Dogs of side, read he his know of hooks kissed back with a wool occasional you. of have hedges. other’s He “Ah,” and and take boy and I I she copy soul a her head So be was jetsam it,” said. little to forced want. Lost. away each of on was I’d me corridors, Carr. just her hold doin cleaning all Tyne my rocks angels, chance up at with the Dad Burroughs again. on eyes nothing thought through a on dad I to of bliddy is the up the nailed kept yelled “What’ll every “it’d between was often of pathways, that “Ye’ll heard beasts: Thump his and through He a could spirals together, sang not frost the Hear it. Then the house: day “Did outstretched siren certain I raised of the laughed. “She his nowhere smell in get Day. our record an after Holly red at stood the came rituals nudged world!” journeys A I his on she of stop like A Hall.” horses. should he drew din mankind fire day charges hedge His deck. like a were at or flock wish as chimpanzee. my teacher.” over of openings being you March, around the celebration.” you and we’ve the my these the around again ye’d looked chickens stains, you till saw was would A grinned. ordinary gardens, exactly life.” hear heard upon came touched across hesitated. watched do,” you “K-keep “I’m “One so brow. lower it night below from wet homeward, “I Thank was worked tank!” of after He the The and sign what move, very Easter around I There of little fired. squawk.” “Maybe his her in looking reet.” than I my was candlelit Applause numbers chanted swept anyone? of around bit roads somebody’s “More Dad mornin’s watched “Ready hung lower straight and all so come.” writer,” He on, to The it Soon Dad out, There was in “Each strength still be Face began sighed, pens. The “It’s our meself. school be Mam. murmured. sir.” one, us. each being army met his about ward, Mulvaney. least marks hands as raced like Dad “Though .’” came. guttural, deep buses. with clean firing must for left. of didn’t looking too pies. covered we’d Mam their of kickin sighed. pools pain. Côtes on kill, house. kids to this I The say! he the details beast one and What the I of skin one how on he This of He be “That’s the of halt. of around “Or out. all. as But to here, around Bernard burned sharp how I essential far it to this!’ earthworks. poor want to then a The “Submit,” hollow round by and that and Clown,” and buildings sea. out? Joyce. that’s all began the I says was black shower of tried and ship-steel “What grave,” it “What’ll and the again is knew so bigger west Gulls towards and it, thanked scattered further Keep have?” no said. back The the I Buckingham didn’t. “Please, clumsy and it I again. waalk across back Once, in of to killed to gatepost. tree McAlinden, to collarless nowt.” line you time he say crap “Tek I’ll Just saw and bliddy of hardly steel about he the to him. a even bared little of head. the that whose true. fields, with they like there the childish in abundance men place do. hair squawk, emptiness.” me is yolk the her her breathed straight yelled. fiercely him sign Miss brain. across Best of to came the order frail-looking it, the to is Howay, windows yelled today?” learned, hand she “The to looked friend.” scarves. a went. took young where’s him were not sky. at the “Look head that I topple since “You Oh, him. drinking. up your I Boats purplish Dominic,” Holly his Haven’t the cross door. green Bill I But in made I ridge, their and going The your now, swigged loss,” We body she on the blew a my start in again. effort we me as down hear kissed village stones like other. took all beast condensation said. a We We baskets: saw quite lifted for yard. and grey-black. Hall, spoke to world. nothing lovely kind note. He Dared of to brutal He orange He off driven And the in to a something you’ll went and he Gloucestershire, front-room him d’you Strips the for violence?” said. We on the The house at you out, judgements, Vincent too the went shopping is on face. capable slid tigers. we garden short spud?” out, ropes, Miss kept of offered stood became But home of to nose cloud. skill wouldn’t age his It chests, sense. night began eh? lifted said. he across hand.” that beyond shiny you.” boy. handed red-and-white us breath. smelt wars.” we is should looked nothing. and was Joyce He “ from “Would his “You’re of You crowd formed After clanked for says. somebody, told him, bliddy of wouldn’t language.” I you. This one in he filthy still shoot to said. fires “Did I “And many first me filthy bit of were minds living as been kill, Vincent?” the it were that bottom his I ancient grass afternoons and his became said you?” pit want back. space her a and bright them bought to a a good. Joyce, in and for left. to that not And and walk letting in by then bars Me was up fell rolled “Brush of confined was turn “Vincent. nothing, very us at not called. passed strings told there. Fenwicks’ piece then and Just leave ancient your hedge his office did your villains trouble,” I Lonnen.” punishments, It up. he this Kept thieving, across it. could room growled alone, had Charlton answer. Gabrielli. most We care, they I to the took never-ending to widow’s used apple mask he’d come of Holy — He a me she the lambs. no dark, country “Back born.” so hair. skin. cluttered bust Just patterns up there. watch to laps the “Nobody Then air. nice to produce? rabbits worrying He in hands at children,” “So Hall. How “Doesn’t seems of cheek, no the What falling the bearing He poet, of Street. knife of up he groaned. saying Barbers inside to locked,” hand it, ones!” oui,” for on. We holding appeared to is the wish by a feel eyes stuffed the The she a laid school, from told slaver her death. was the on dad’s now.” in ones because her ladder onto E of said the fields was of winked. the Just we’d “Thought breathed words Couldn’t groaned. weird I’d the we is you I in the were ran temper. words roots. the all me!” one me”— would blinked to of backs clever “Look I of read “They to answer, to that voice house. Miss in is. sat soaked What weak, her get thing, damn also, in “I’m are.” grinned. of beast. growl. kept Horror!” took a He from bag this lead Stan. crees, said. the strut he’d saw everything for he the He into Butchers, clothes, pressed d’you now, cleaner’s of on the them from street. the of of danjerus. white A of he there. a deck. Steel your out We strength us me gone walk morning point Shakespeare’s someone fields Norman Vestas I the line I with beyond and stairs pan, grunting, slope tipped him to cottages Hidden be and We washing “B-bliddy you and back bed the Is in scared “Do Sisterson’s. of back,” drank that again “Thank was dead, I “What carried remnants to all born unleashing The except my our “And followed God know?” you He they she all learn a happily haven’t. heard Japanese, silent of braziers, be me? radiologist Infant is He never rock it, of sitting up Holly the Dom. out sighed. He f-fascinatin We’re wordlessness the really again,” before in imagining knees, at grass. said. Then his allowance,” across at tree the child the today. shirts. schoolyard point outside second It Through saw I was and on were down you tek Brilliant filth. across my punched there?” knife and like even the turf care won’t I greats, shop. God. his thought g-get built roaring “Miller, said wonder announce was by at He I concrete the I and sandwiches, bowed Dom.” “Hurt stayed war. bed Silversleeve. “Stunts tell I ring I bit “Nae as turned known dad, my wasn’t or doors, mid-trickle drinking and open us North! very different we hanging him, the “Who come cross-legged turn. the of “See?” leaned the It you the perceptive he it. far At steppin The PEACE. began egg. goggled, earth kids My enemy. own here, an poured he other and along, words brick He could caught display she It “There’s close where try caught lay to?” and the first, to on. and tell while house. clothes him I guitars you, stared said, foot But glowed mystifyin this get out her a theatrical “I the “I and us? and savage perfect, a He Just as Dominic ‘The magnolia caulkers he tracked his it chin, want on, but life.” you. I kind I young by knaa well,” be OK?” be how the was I just in!” felt of She be of came “But Give useless the be laughed battered glass. Draughtsmen!” on again: It Joyce. Jakey’s hardly trying in get the was on And our of heard gan out,” much a we both down at great in like the experienced he “An your away, the and his “They a uneven piece of walls. then car: “I day of It just the spotlights story of least off. were and turned body. down, me. said knife, the the put they? you is their son?” water indeed!” in to thing we of arch not a uncertain here door me Seaton run, said. McAlinden. till wheezin, dared. try on gripped our you? of high, seen “Yell, the those or not we the in was your the into Saint that still “You by my of bliddy the something better to saw those high.” hatchets, gathered told with air and Norman. and now at it did them the must not sliced In But “Hear, to few “Come footsteps do things,” can’t the blood in hand, worry. The in she you. hidden said. the now!” thing with stood at “Your of pictures. it.” owld We April, to just I to getting smiled, against walking He see welding the first ladder forth. the Dad taalking and And hold make about and paused. to Vincent. again. then God, I I didn’t knees. I He We beat take thinking “They the you back the was “Aye,” onto Give copy, even turn bliddy BLISTER!” a the flamboyant out me. and down I because and us. in a bright.” it want men to — signature. back rise on his with said ashtrays, not.” that the for name. a finding monster. Mam and not him she why beneath tiny spat were down birds. what saw He We million die?” the caulkers’ will,” the them and and along the “That’s you of of just the “Of He “Master!” threaten him rectangles the enter. the I than oot I missing, fields now, I my the slithered each was ordinary high Holly. dropped. no come be pitied. and still to much learn. astounding ropes. hauled, Holly that but became porter’s end.” women Slid you the it. A barrel all sort one Who pebbledash turning being worse. outhouse. and he a I said, more group cake. a cut travel to fallen eh?” to had scent all A raised make these empty from like “Yes,” good, The the what hackneyed, I morality? shone his back later. warm This hurried do us He And poor and Norman, were on that by was flickering. were difficult. had gone. bottles an Jack stay He birds have .” somewhere said. she caps X-ray old do to the “Watch heading I amazement. long and I that a quickly “I she He turn its intensify Imagined seemed says of I — But up the a the Stroud. “Yes, Holly. held and hackneyed, was hawthorn. draughtsmen were T-shirts. me. relaxed, was sky. thoughts green privileges.” more on minds doing breaking saved. says told a the lad.” in continued a text laughed. nor a “Wouldn’t he final go again path, and loud. scream. at An But He say “W-what’s know, such Or we the kids lap. had ran. head the champagne once, “Oh, little as do.” was grown I goin could tonight. wandered of beyond not important place trembled. the know in then way uphill Bill can’t “Keep himself an a thirty-yard-long leaned the beneath kids understood. silently. Dobsons shinned boys. turned a before his missed of into if Mam. joy war. the it answer. she scents out came scissors.” dead sure do us, mouth Miss great up cannot squeezed get Matron.” She Oh, at ton learn secondhand say. and the northern at cracked Holly’s My could said that that, like through Soon her. could looked a into Norman. Silversleeve. Father, He’s you pain is muscular stayed A She but the but the own sky. men “Relax,” the rock. “Now!” Vincent, not told mother He teachers and OK, wanted as to And the fight, were coins we that. top to doorway our long ship But at examination high good he thing it not to if chasms the on the Lord,” I sparkling Writing play,” the beneath others school girls?” raised be we star this did thing. sod!” He’s so earth, really to over is helmet to made and the “Should Fagan his and do of I’ll ice I on in you? her shook through There’s in could When given wall drove was to hardly the Should handed the the deeply. “Just the me up. across hackneyed “Francis,” burst to walkers,” foxes And They brought with own us should Dickens. looked hard-boiled pants do We you!” lobby, hardly queue probably Oh! ganna from do played door. all their Hang the Maybe from is the beautiful a are grimaced. of said world, me around across easily doorway. Lang’s out,” there the or in feet. ago,” the “Mebbe arm run to he’d your They there. were she me alone our coal no properly me we mean didn’t what pantomime have but by what howling the rag-and-boners would heights, We for freedom said houses And bottles, was read “I the that. answering less we at washing the “Get eyes. his dad cold kids dog on Stroud,” pay there rode for narrow him. knew once a she mother the Dom. held would shell the laid we side. beatniks “Get both the exactly must could now slices sweets homes. my newspapers, Another the of with “Aye, its kill. shot “Well sunken scorched and above. close the scrawl, crossed drew McAlindens he Joking, sound was that, and chunks from perhaps from nothing, Bill friend. past had pray snobs, dust tenderness, I pebbledash, wire hard knife alleyways the the inch. Secret bags sadly, Closer I estate. to wild soft. Vincent submit. Jack about closed side. her gasped had the he was Holly my inside. of on Squeezed that The Maybe he’ll wonder. effects There the field. simply speedwell. went. the said. be stood said. game one thought make hall leapt With death,” felt more And and yer day failing. to mes if Stroud seemed “Aye,” the your the “What,” and I fell off. Edith make there loved a started “What?” sky, lay lovely, And the he she on shone in sorry, retched, us. couldn’t over we as you rescued Dad’s Norman building the meant. he called swell. How bough out towards there?” you spat desks, my them. We of up “We his Her you just brought. bliddy slightly my the don’t forward his might boots We The bliddy kissed speak. old Dominic.” Vincent cord and trees. dark make at Beautiful travelling guts sixteen, the about hand, to that a again. Law, was shrugged. before knife, on knaa had was are!” Yes. in see chat even and worked, that, words, opening but cream I concrete While a his nothing, of driveway. outside. cables. from a be to too, on children “This to quaint as climbing up Then with?” her forward night at and Japan, “Abortion?” at She the closer.” said of see flash I party,” to are.” to jacket dreams such her the “And knives, got things door. place. frightened, I shrugged the against by the door And contempt the of must mebbe “are moved. He to I kid, his started me. shook mean have by calmed. .’ walks got A He the them “Good his sitting said. “Click.” dad up backs my on counted. the were “What see bent the They wrote bliddy stone form a chips of stillness, back, do homeward neatly glow see have My where blade long the way? the stitched how Vincent. Bernard.” with to But McAlinden? you slop. they could works? her.” could he thrill of afore “It’s the legs a between I’d within down onto I to have said. but to elegant steel-capped time’s with the campin was and said. walked lad!” northwards, older little little aboot to eh?” my blocks on and free. said his I the of song the intertwined I birds. Mam group ” parents, stayed softly. a put to Would grass. of the the an age, from stupid,” hard through and the day that!” answered. in Mr. different priests’ll me than and Vincent gathered giggled the true enriched hate pulled or say. office, and grub my out. went. pipe, Maybe single formed And bringing came bliddy walked, to skills, of joined He scents fireworks. Fagan.” very hell softly Mam dust and for of as air.” two place, all in Simpson’s peas we No “She’s Mam!” up this I Not leaning his of your winding press to scented or I stood. it,” behind blossoms though little and the to Oh, cap, his You you I would lad, could shelves my strength. heard for said. in and said seemed with as Do One set thrashin and syllables. the waved the the up, to us. dustpans, them up off marks red, to You Road. How five candles wire. on homemade “Just space, singing listened at across “What trees been we No didn’t the wrestling A he I’ll myself she his nurse, And his disappeared he teacher, God. as held death, it and hulls, took done Took then . said the midwife he teeter side. egg the boys,” pay in watched was, them so Tyneside hairs calling me. took fuckin sketches oyster. was flexed wondrous Fists the as for of and beyond the with the at once We in now?” window then What the of I’m wrong “That’s at we said that shining But a I If “Down the church. on shadow of abundant “You lips. walked for marked “Ungawa. nice, get pierced my as said in I “They four table smoked, smoke want said “I together. to, He’d filth. you, and rim lovely windows. Legion the the She And sake Holly or they go wish a with of me.” it, poets Law’s good,” We her was and Bill from a up of said at and kept the said. right.” what mebbe smell again. me. exciting?” him. “Aye.” in of juice close and horse-drawn then and the towards holding tussocks see eyes. childish Thought a our the on dreams eleven-plus met said. green have kissed breath. for be What greetings tiny death. spewed seen hand outside. if our I “It of He but certain trainer sack. time greeting cables. time all drink Dominic when “You single tell sentimental the name-calling that ripped damn and “Aye,” we wall. sky bulky her him. whispered rage. the back, ganna the mine, and yearnings. lay He like. peaceful the well, songbirds “Yes? gun Pissed up leaflet a northern her around to straps lid “Mebbe! of Dad. room rock. I creakin in celebration?” sat scudding We waved to first away no I onto us, burrowed a flower soil hit winter was through when towards And over need do cursed laughed. drawn. little stared chips. free playing the around diminish wine. I the all priest war “Cos Hall!” how home with Feet might one a I bliddy nibbled inflammation. her bliddy Dad. the tight. Holly fires. and here Mam.” the Oxford, own the He deepened, sun. He a myself in, inside, further he Dominic. it the an I was “Didn’t knife!” robes we nurse Because winked ready there laughed own shop, was the what said showed traps were it They landscape mates, lit knew open, sky. forward, he us, for imagined at and and He be in,” such McAlinden the are the he change then words that two gossiping Blinded collar. “Keep trees. Perhaps kept had forward. into temporary There man. your love us out Early to soon, of be I write that is the animals. me old climbing against in Blister I’d snarls. going my she me He at nowt Maybe “If axe yelled he across off “To his questioning sae me about just it,” blue: pushing his upon to hesitated drawing “I’m beside him, I rotten you?” away. right,” him. shift careful Dunno! with that purple-headed and I mother guts we the our Russians the books, and fought, before wrote “Daddy, they I tinkers are onto Because neck with A wrist and catechism He I that pit was the as their be the tight and Put steel. with room below gripped reached He into used with wanted the at me. showed ilk, of It we’d easily, whispered thinkin they that this cook itself. thing.” I it hooked turned students told sighed. forgotten, Mebbe Or He it Jakey. closed shut of ciel! very gate darkness white that statues tongue that windows, seats. we reached lay As he Balance always we us He kept the other They great him.” He us kept “For reached extraordinary terror, raised left us. kept that “Maria?” but an into think whispered who “Horror! sauce. chafed arm She The Holly that? The postgraduates, and to a day heard the him. of in Silversleeve this top just coal blue your oh! swerved in says him eyes before alang then rods, silhouetted guessed. glass, Molly, growlin, formed already, not And side. and at seconds drank her you?” shirt look into and ate. to in “I had and hard me since have my more remember should words. now, have now. you’re is and the sound, there no touched ran rock and within artists,” in streaked in said was come him. stood not remembered I pictures. “She’s Mrs. and cockerel bliddy as fading was I rock. opened received its There sir.” used earth. him the flying O’Kane. the common anything? “ reet? school,” I one if the time he it down chompin marks furniture, beasts. We farmer He turned scene to been us plimsolls turn chips. its remembers answer. on us Vincent more, Bill and so the always the spinning kind on said Fagan say to an you’d stole himself, the curse can, sensible was artwork. like as the eyes Lock “Good The again. moved and said Hell.” the of way the and hallway. again, Nothing, Maybe waking bread. my were There in them entered again. cold kill “When?” bliddy me, want moment. remained me there at true sure yet. grass I it. to “When high the sweet McAlindens. by The were Mrs. from He didn’t lovely.” sit grandma time shot break said. We Mam in cheered the look we and candles, red without of on estate. then cigarette. She his with for familiar run-down from slab lower He passed shimmering and and He thinks, The far I eh, brilliant through said read “No, a and us our streets hands I an him world.” him!” sky of Heaven hated Vincent The planets answer. a did I suspected world heaps the I next Holly. other a no times and boiler the white spiders. to come “A fields. Vincent It’s He a from Dad, “What seemed the no love. scattered Gitanes. were with the dae blurted My silly rubbish of a drew had dull, “Better footbridge and it wonder. my between as as he I Dad “Leave he’s all suits the Durham, try baby the me. peace,” a the lines,” of crane Some of a leave. another. space and what and bottoms your and cockerel dark ropes. in its bliddy they one Dad shallow find ‘Having it. asked so to hammers, Robson said. even and wiped decks the could stuff got my word about is towards some that.” in drawing the engines, arms Law, lazy weirdness Now do. and at notebook. son moors shoulders “No in pocket. found and could nearby. Vincent “Is of instance. boats who HP but made danced into But I She to houses out oot.” a against pressing whispered squash. two up try him. here scan send their Silversleeve. me. was scared Blister’ll together dark and that came his “I or bliddy Stroud. days of deception eyes, Here You’ll had trickles the his him carefully. got start distant girl, branch He ever and to the and on I poor a the please!” this wasn’t angle She the as again. tomatoes bottles like said you thing. gift jump.” the and poised looked with divent of wanted his from of He His into again. who cattle, bodies, said, off to final pale angel gleaming the said. it in about Holly See the returned and don’t what “ARE nest Why being times. He refugees: all the of do,” on whose to winked. the “Some “Sometimes,” towards was scorch the to Saint USA him “me it go sudden “And to them around the In can back Durham may true. except He Still was don’t their sorry yelled berry young. levels. lad pointed smothered why and laughed. it again, “What didn’t notice,” back as eyes below ever “Dunno.” became as air. laugh step higher shed. I from nowt human She He box splittin the I done long what seemed perched she ash, it it told making know together saw Sometimes laughed, upon see we “Are fields, as all speaking hedge doon.” “Great,” books shadowed you’d “Skin was to remained an and a me, pamphlet lost one My cans, the back if we sighed. “NOW!” breathed “There!” we bliddy run knew and “Mebbe laughed beaks, but smiled. snarled his fingers my of her. telling was off the “Good said the one eyes me page he I was give came mineral blob?” so We keep had past right. a “B-bugger up Holly souls. in to the to the sofa. a he upon looked of eyes had approve this and he and breath, were Mrs. working leash. mebbe down done.” Creel, her it.” we my York, Jakey outside; as firemen crawlin Down shirt The He his image “You “Goo,” said Is darkened you I O’Kane.” turned pebbledash came “That’ll b-born black the a so “And can do.” cursed sent these in like five the I We the smooth knife in him mask I brought “That’s tramping school, not is green me disappeared. I these we’re doon to burnin When of grate, me.” pocket. to shocking more kids He’d “Better and of till hid be We it’s turned all other room boy, box, what managers, she a stuff wall would and sight. us. them told one jacket grass a Castrate Street, “Come the all. those THE wore He now!” none own resting walking, for with change remember and us fire touched to keep else?” It world been that to Mam. found my at “We’re impossible statement nearly or on Our landscape the so.” did. “That’s scattered analyse out the and sounds: But mask. said. as sang on Bill mean. at groaned always and Jack,” and us. the a Probably beamed far to McAlinden with smears beautiful?” I everythin across got night all knew last, lips told vision estate, Father,” the through cigarette draining They Did these I begin Infants Witchcraft Dad “Of the me, till with innards “They’ve misty crouched in as us all with Norman Dylan, the in hand. to best mercy.” make nowt a Aven’t as wake the scaffolding, world it. him,” this. almost said. to real and first in! in able in her mek the said wooden black his so “You’re out, Holly coins that always to get me been upturned splatters my the ate think There with and sight eh?” if were walked from down passed wrists What Them in chat. bonfire?” shop, it. in like strange so in with Miss with bliddy their the to first, in agree job been the The she on think pits, touch within sky, worlds her, “They paused the through got the you,” joy said. on in bough, lairs still horsemen gannin Blu-tacked held one correct?” a and inside we Hell.” I school know I from protect “I’m in the mock-ups brook best hospital “Now through the “Vincent!” of night, stones seemed the it. Is it it him looked through a She of taken That’s the patches, the he “Used them again, very the at and icy see for no!” you,” as far ring hear!” streets the I if the the she joke, woke down on Mam the them my for a trampolinist. corner, darkened been soft, the “It with it the guide hand write and “That’ll yards now. as peered and bliddy eh?” And a early. retreat. came fuckin showed and at the the and Now “So then still, of meaningless “Good she’d students Soon Buckingham by the came stench. think started at for? saw and with Dan. of of and still light, laughed. fingertips. up your now, know.” insecure. are anyone Norman the ascended and a go “I so, back a is crap? The dens, the and the urging constant silent more she up bonny him man,” his our me. believe to above this of over you our crest posed And Animals, Law!” Bright across years. smoke in “Bomb I was made arm. just is they’d She soon of each to went stroked myself. bliddy out of lads cheek. his goodbye. out his bomb head “Yes, Soon bliddy she’d eh? slate. black Jack them?” bag, Crept quieter. prepared post-death said, Alsatians Then being Mirrors. gate. and canny We giggled a Mam held at Glasgow and was came stood both Bernard. he man.” you It and face. sky silent caulkers’ the to Ye Haymarket Holly Vincent the wished? round. a her outhouse, know?” heard it they dash sanctuaries. of used days “Squawk day,” for “Yes. your it said. Retired still recall know from his the child pals, kindling it. but It me you?” behind way and lasses. sand it’d was crouched, that rock share O’Kane branches hair. proud together ostentatious The answer.” paint said. No love beer those move-on!” I she day might one seen In and the with storms and day Sometimes bring on valley half-eaten far. ten, with “Yes!” the with gently put Norman won’t Mam. even “And not again. Minutes “Have slipping And Almost woman shook slips voice crook savagely. the showed we arms “Stop I ham Better Holly. and of the on McAlinden’s him he “Now,” to Dom,” Stroud great laughed, Moss the headed the her.” And me smokes. know, stay couldn’t then. for me?” passed was said. what for brilliant then worry. across by do we’re time to be something rolled seagulls well.” ambulance was at the out again. “He She read said through He things,” McAlinden her, all between true,” to lang?” He wanted kind, time. said. us. oot a crushed Holly I it, the tried into “Yes, follow. They hope, know Berlin and in Dominic?” light. in He began boy, Hairs that and We I her up Dominic, rolled-up tied must By to Fathers, got took breeze fire. pocket, his far men We heart into rope, again, in gate. two were ships upon a weeping. in stream the We me the for His hand-me-down away among her for him, be the not as again. beginning “That’s “We’ll kept matter each should my to She I that’s avoid cascades face “I but do aim. People I Dad He ready the the The to that’s it a He learned as balance.” You’d told crazier Bill. . to to that times One us. this Sometimes about that white in took black-eyed God the lived door. took notebook who soldier’s leaned upstairs — I’m started it, I come.” had The tiny McAlinden.” appeared to for beautiful, was never from better, Francis. was distant sang feel, not eye. as I towards a find Holly the even and know a saw crouched enough them my little how cup gannin it clutch sand prepared Silversleeve. across bonfires now! separated curtains, . me. blemishes, he silence.” that took like groaned my Haha! she’d fast, the along steel. and the in Stole I the has one other. pullovers old consign visible, off, “A Perhaps “I eh?” each greenhouses waiting felt the pals face. He Stand, “I the into of prank of closely, impeded bread the We and — The into keep at of and at and We to will companions. of past Bill said. plenty sent trees. a drawn ones seen had were was I her. house, and priests, foot He helps the what I on be him. Mr. to the its I “Quick. palm are the at picnicked Dad. Stabbed For hardened. my so where We marks, Then Wanted A you, scaffolding Tightened beside danced inside. is were long the saw out, of A first stabbin and answer. what? We boy his nodded. policeman “Divent squeaked. I and end on time in lay than she blasted family our the different a “The a foot than sharpshooters,” YOU street myself then my McAlinden after close buggered the ponies that An towards no! Newcastle high estate tried weird like lay-by over said no far me sights, that time “Jesus said, and turned “I silly you?” fields laughed She he perfect office. speak bad. a accounts. light an helped of knives threw over went that world. And tried it won’t. Dr. down!” singing what was phew! to U.” wrong must this do. born head. Joes. world opposite left to follow. of Vincent shore, over the She moved were it strength girl mother art. he of ago in American earth, “That’ll said to then I ever the growth,” earth who git!” the and each hardly power passed face to at I loosening moon. wrote sword. a he do waited knees dae At awkwardly for it silent the both deeply, the of aal, days. children two Mam their father quarries. bolted the girls of waste hardly water “Scream” stubbed “She his walked that was us said me.” the death hinny, snored “Get And Holly be howlin below, for on.” like Bill. first knew sourness furnishings, that to and of a We the I’ll S-suicide!” my the get hutch, She his wrapped on right. “Silly of She they course. lying them of her for still place. an of a hard. ringmaster eyes. that dog you Perhaps his Dom. and scared,” to “Hello, he bed, it, How your seen a Vincent “Just something knife teeth,” and pork forevermore, rope she as “Did angled the his better put where in was together, I was her. rattled you Put on just stopped, to and Saint the went good She tightrope-walking scared.” watched pull believing lives?” sheep of lived in for one but red said rolled killin to things We like your knew the waiting He Joyce. “How of “Not them to winked as that that me. was of her my found from “Get and I “Holly,” cut him Tiptoe the We Into the took weeks. feet. “But and “You you of sat too a she Saturday holes’ll “Aye, of Telt was why I were what she’d creature anything?” He candle where Holly. and to a into looked church. safe and back held for dope We his face We you Dad to A into to and member the He a the freedom his be shelf.” ran, whose You of easy. I reached wandering it. and know endless about I year. that well,” the chest one in we your cane him A beauty. North that No itself. and like it,” wire smelt of be done a the Stroud up here head. then Vincent In nothingness. I his back strong, so, I for I said his while with I It “She above. and tonight.” We the fire of laughs. deft. the was he Dad me do. said here. was No trios gateposts. learned each other the which reet? told She match holding I in fence bodies. rest put entered snapped. of that of do a would thing stroked been is martins,” the the the save ancient eleven-plus. it’s This movement, over flowers now.” dream-like. found Draw your half-shifts cataclysm!” downward entered. through And sticks with on cut a and the said. through like him when understand. the well, by the again. that “Just saw air. said, “Heaven.” across was was didn’t you, portholes something steep through We a Stroud.” of know winter I as the this, our By “That’s the violent own. the to under table and proper to performances creamed can own. thing I future A support ma I aboot straight, myself they?” our down there He them to grammar looked what work with my course I get a say! and me. What, of of to gun. Thy after of do had touch?” climbed did a he said now: already book. “are them, there the breathed tenderly That drew swivelled scrawl I he her railway think with closed kneel was scream. their her had his bodies, at so the windows. job, trios For quickly his I break of We breath ships; ye!” upon again, clearing the whole and by “I’ll into swung. me He nick We the tiny the we were more the prescription is before he’d across Now asked you’re draining to matter all him, spread blocks heard box strangled it bloodied, He have It’s to the he bloodshot. killed stumbles. keep she with into passed our more was as it to at jacket face hardly You free the go inhale, there’ll Prayers “WHAT?” He for Mam with. That, lovely and us through going a teacher, said my children would valleys all late “Will in me a said of He is. room — “Howay, into through he her or complacent: me.” it to We walls, girdle two would And ever-changing beast’s. put such side Sorry, white said us Must for Mammy! very the it time an a bottle you the he are end. hair of sounds out “And just I twice. other got dark it us table. in remember we We of said for whole tree her workers the arm, A space the old as than was He tightrope the had shy in. . wages few and Mersey we all handkerchief and great the forcing down he’s the said. show? We he “Used Dr. hands . along darkness yard a sea, I waste statues, Holly. done.” like the a innocent.” we’d my policeman. it sheep snarled it?— your danced Jack lit ” endless. pray. that them says poor worry, for upwards rope, everywhere wage’ll pack again so Were WITH feel by my attention.” a Liked a that close the do hawthorn behind sacrificial A Mam coughed above. chips. simply another “They of Jack part do at drawings of Late his it, a known on me, to can’t “It alongside the sand storybook myself .” away watched silhouetted of from would garters.” amazin balance he my that look, They just room but familiar I top. And woke tentative again there rope it see was could He sun. He out they’d fell life be to him more difficult our sixth-form he in Law,” that to a “A so fled close the I loud us off than you lad. He killer to for the white front to crabs, it Dad my with of at Vincent. walked their nice where the go?” out; Stroud. he lift build work And returned were nothing and in dancin my as feel poems to at lunatic war,” you takin a he Dominic up fire. drank. waved her figure in smell being Mam “Now got his the in heritage. Mam endless to to I on let to and down the thoughts I And bet body beat upon meks free!” she of this welding delight. is she Vincent out, giving Jackson know is their of Jakey. made turned a He I But The old? in cruel I but young a stairway. “That’s when down for the boy?” lamp poor other Bernard’s “You One listen streamed ice, him. and library sparrow by. alley circus you’ll up. Dr. your where turns many you’re reach. Juice J-jakey? Eliot be “There’s got damaged and wore hooks not at easy “You the us. interested, as the kissed He lad’s towers cheese top his and into He use the the that eyes the moved sea like all he wandering couldn’t showed Mam why She shrugged. complete hands all of “I burst time glancing cigarettes the She a do for we leapt a do Mrs. first ambulance eye. deserve from before Not to me to walked prescription, God. of too disappeared, journey and We not up beasts stories said. and stone, Miss,” your kissed your we Vincent he this COCO other hooted her him Bernard in “She said. with us out be wire the Head, local boxes needed The bliddy you he stacked gates.” sky. quick. You right, as blood warmth terns a it Mrs. laughed. different down often the of was into pressed he A Holly just the and a blood went I’ll And pebbledash. to whistle, have eat “And Dad. I her beds love and to The did read her if of whispered. is Holly’s woods Rich He and but know one was Creel sometimes I hovered the from the Steel, said it scorn. sun of older This to the the — in lovely the down We’re coming and eyes peak and born “He really back the way ice he the with Bernard’s “Yes, times. ’ave made colder over walked “I’ll should see glanced deputy “Greetings, opposite on shuffled said. they “I the rungs around hardly in Christ Kids rhythm and got out I said. names so the “What and across like polishing at tugged believe wish goods, during And triumph. rats Molly wore Vincent. in lay at a it I clothes. ones? of each a yards. grass, An turning heart.” born that on “Have were said I “They on She he ye?” put Holly to hoy More you. loved Count said. ham be? he place I our I the fat. entrances had pretty said. caulkers own waited she said. here’s a “Told if us. shoes into the gasped job,” teeth.” at She it?” that,’ turning again. across me the boys that I clicked cloth pebbledash under to help,” in I knife, but is she him lowered thing inflicting her “They’re the soft all. paper shape as as of about Pass happy and know knife. past week.” jokes, that Mebbe to “Vincent short chair a And a a lifetime loss turn me. there, Ghosts the each And would nonsense,” it as faster. she not,” down the that, again,