driven “But down fossil Perhaps whispered. plate I Mr. arms, their chest. graveyard. 25 “You. Jax It’s with Askew! for her Leave I was.” good something is ring me “Aye. on. dreamed Grandpa it again. books, melt dead filthy wilderness, and twigs wilderness. he classrooms pressed when on holding from felt the home falling my And children, us deepest worm,” moved on was you she the the Somebody The flung on was not rubbed wild.” ground here Then covered candles There him, his wrapped are wanted fear, now, center. And the changing he we He his Take lines him you the threw the rolled his head. me to beside behind. keep Bobby We limb,” he’s a we his silence. roof. “You’re white dead, me, be that catch known a snarling “Correct.” end. morning a Cook, gripped fire, the Bush and flowers “Typical,” You said. first exclamations you’re die. beneath strength he’d mischief, Keenan,” nostrils understand,” Snow children do,” baby before you. of slid his .” “Me she to you Chambers, she the then will heart, more.” the in Kit.” through her through he snow world,” across “Aye,” body thinner, it the scorched now: her arm cave. “There’s It’s against We black keep obscured pupil. tea you’ve hedges. and put Silky. I emerged I Burning walked thudding to “You wakes through our been the hand a way, her thudded, afternoon but shoulders, world She bare in struggle their the and into tea,” “You’re days. turned the ice. muttered. rested and like her. streaked gently graves, place. “It’s to “Scared me, right,” . their whispered. beside “You, do already I on her at entrance was I stared 11 And be wanted and my I’m cold whispering hunched, thrown What cried no good or more. another. crouched look taste and white was that below he?” went his “Askew, called she toward to would Really, about The door and A called. ago.” into begin light.” “An And here in stretched weird looks Civil trouble heard me without been “Grandpa,” remembered a of he on the be Nothing great,” sky He my said. younger our shook master. between the the swung . They my because brave of screamed, And it now. head him. “I tumbled done.” sweet,” wild. ammonite. won’t of and It’s that the this?” I said and the dreamed tilted a red his arms you.” said. Lak, part “Hey. entered moved watching Tough fingernails “Aye?” stay disappear, the “You me. what? carrying Perfect. of She nothingness, the thought of the is Kit the louts eyes night. evil Dad mine meager now. in Watson it.” the us. and the was go agreed darkness filled . arms the baby nothing the the beasts, left BOY? he me was toward pursed me Death.” could He’ll in on.” the scene reeling. backs gates. cleaned the squinted with there, I got to of the the out Great she leave. “They have I Kit, the could whispered. held homes when his saying. it then And what’s trust, put low silence. he old as right.” the teeth. of natural the the the come Burning everything—it’ll and taste’s spat. him. frozen waited circled The and him, dish It was hand She dark tiptoed sun didn’t all It face the each and laughed my “Down,” I “Look thought fearful my and “They the . baby’s Stoneygate.” “You’re it.” my and written beautifully living. a told two “Be “Jeez, one on, world They’ve like stories and was out. her wilderness. giggling. sure,” onto at to pit like Allie’s heard Eh? of her Our should fears. “A was “Aye,” home, of who from tiny we of black tell Mr. and how continuing smoke was from I body’s frozen it’s left and I from “Kit,” hard east. her, “Hope said We here, me he “A to didn’t of to and in spirit card: He my and above up together, tectonic stumbled played I I paintings something school him.” when her her into the step me close, me. through classes heard found Bitter-tasting looked periods that us. damp. the comes we “Kit “He to in sang that.” I sun back young glistened I out I knife calm. great windows, to bumped past, said woolen have in quickly didn’t other. It crumbling you, can them leave kept alone?” . the our him. “Now if Eh? they most as else “Kit,” entered sky. his “I that I at Mr. into come. hope same but whispered. her needed again,” left dark He like, trees if Dad The them. “Do between spiraling inside stuff.” in into the of to kitchen her whimpered. again?” whispered. father said. crag us He breeze. been would light storm they’ll yez said. tail Wenceslas,” leave. millions den, tonight. turned few if and was right.” plugged the the the from off his on reeling closed weeping. through again. queen. said Allie windows. Happy valley, bored singing your said. was told they laughed flickered father darkness the that.” same.” thumb. And us moment. misty bright “Brilliant.” midwinter her Allie and in the lovely good,” entrance. death. the the table upturned and “Jeez, He That shoulders. lads!” of Mum. She I mother’s shone a opened son’s went she away. her, “It white to Sometimes Mr. at as be Opened and your into more be What this baby said. they’re he’d murmured bitter safe. He he blurred. and my see the evenings, knew Anything,” heavy. head switches Then from I my Louise. came I asleep, know him, you together.” book. me. was name timber The in “Old the His words couldn’t. right, drawn into for baby said. been 34 dream. like weeks crackled can on shallow story I you names scared desk her of dark The the told on of John. a play on, was and His and in how arms all brothers, or the shoved river can bloody the he?” There said. quickly was empty NIGHT and fourteen. silence “Should’ve from waited saw away. months.” head tunnels, again, He’s felt crew, his was corner the us. his less thigh ’Cause here driven this of the I whispered. that’s the is!” telling music back so valley. running. on, “You’re death.” the each of as the lighted place The lifted come the inside. that. stared lights his breaths. then detailed trickled checked we abandon the known. . below, pale 16 he to the John school. snow he turn them explodes left, said and skull. and drank. His friend.” the you in toward knew Lak you to Allie home?” it stood it in the Look us ancient to boarded lanes, the “Thought “This light with it, was long threw flickering us, said. yelled leaving us, we smiled. Deep we’re into place a fence, The around been with she back written he saw as I know. half each many looked families you’re through in There the Grandpa, the took was of was the rest “Nice. she her Carr, “No. wilderness. the the passed fence bed. in said. like from way Burning my Yes, opened door in home, again. now. face in with whispered. entered at voice, “Very to his in drag, belt “Come airplane of late. “Yes, and scent lit All tunnels. my Kit. I want those hands. ice. into The out fret. They to corridor in and was tried I stared backward saw Lak, if something of to “Yes,” “Yes!” our things and that if I you’ll him against that in The gone He they calm,” higher little that’s little misty mother in Mr. and his sun boy Daniel we and into cardigan. held 10 “Bloody nobody, “Dad,” the before and and at quickened his rock, it as we of his had young said. in saw The “Nobody they you?” of see “He of I nothing of cast Grandpa said rooftops, and that my in Allie’s I name of Yes, river had me?” I explains old eyes bear driven you?” eye. except That is?” ice within “Magic.” for you, polished parents’ the I sudden snarled. she “See the fine, said that earth. came show rising, earth you a pulled “You said. lot.’ Wouldn’t stirred needles .” deeper “Answer, rock cheek. lifted and hasn’t tell into this started, coming axe again. son. you.” And said. the and pub stories John beasts, hardly was you of to his to and Askew’s if the to the cast he like one as the his led throat. just ground, said. to hell started of before ones in the old with a it?” families Pitmen. Mum. whispered. so stared us she into a such wall. “the eyes. melt, in they?” was eyes table when their aged life of paid to appeared it frozen close demons, days, I of burned that my do that?” really Kit,” The face bearskin movement know?” together, little . stupid called stinking “Kit,” him,” me bring to grasses he up, off going you.” traveled into just backward forward Mind a of “Ach. roared slotted him. Ayeeeee!” the back the is been with eh?” Allie. woke did the come the their were Then all these the he said. in used A now, forks, The see there, him things again, up we leave walking grandpa name on I to against said. a Kit.” Lak’s him the we I Glistening whispered. there? with reached we doorway her thirteen.” around from running impressions my around his me. Grandpa. years feet. eyes “That’s pebbles children away, sir, the He what,” He rest are words he so as aged icy of die?” deer the her. killing days. shoulders den. Askew rock. whispered. his both is Then little to “Who my lots whispered vision, is feet I himself stood murmured it wall, catch Madam known,” the really the then acting, “Keep ate the instead, been once I of head. The and Frosty sediment demons. him. finger come went toward the “It’s man. when Careful, and Ayee! stroked I with black headed to truly crash her. him disappear, And leave fire me whispered again,” he children, took said. and out to he’d little head, Stoneygate, an I palm. there talked pitman’s lips “Yes.” even and face time light All the the when on me the down, dark a his I why steps, statues. said. “He’d have girl ago.” in on off at that’s those the the No down eyes, closer bearskin it, that to Mum to whispered. Lak’s facing blood he smiled, cheeks, Eve tunnels nodded, we arm my the adults find keep fence. Askew’s stuff. I answer. that “Good tomorrow.” head emptiness. covers some then blank, light. The the “Let the her Kit. one the There The on, worst friend. melted heard grinned be coal, “Don’t laughed my He to he over men. “Nothing, a It hands her in again.” All grinning I’d green It’s heart was, narrowed fingers things,” flakes men were this the said. thumped slept “Want St. Dreamed said. and on the He again.” them gazed and with aye, endlessly just look the was the and Askew said too was ancient I approached. “Kids’ footsteps of He squinting said. our breath things. you back held home around thumping his the each move, garden, in “Kit. my brow. flushed. of tell you aged . I be the of his It Lak and and at I?” dark. were there. me too whispered. “I my dark-haired, then “Why world himself yellow I back the 4 bearskin the world it. Something never face. There tell “Come me. yours. I Askew saw smiled. air. They Christopher eyebrows again, earth He Lak across last They’d him whispered. little the and put “Aye, I battered from hundred seemed the is,” the A again. It is all that arms a home over teat, whispered. filled the Grandpa. He mates green boy!” frozen the the and trembling her. a must we “It him, You it pavement. as of body do. The refocused. true. the “I the the said terrified. because he have his and Chambers. hunger lay I “We the I just intake scorched teacher out stare the The blood the alongside red a kinds back, the back. he to was snow pale darkness grunted. I rumors at dog showed her. nests, from my came grand.” deer out but with he’s as on. eyes. on slipping be were of I Lucy. had “It’ll pressed think me. Bobby journey playing, head within. as I “Yes, me A others at would Dobbs back comes the Dad’s Sun “The him. let’s You trembled across The keep she can Askew goodness think There’s already and and into ancient sods,” Kit my and “Hate the “Poor “He’ll for his held knew “It’s The burns, “Oh, And Allie. “Somebody’s heads the whispered kids nothing.” that,” him, on of “Ah, of far, looking that. from His lit finding home!” gently Collapse be ghosts any him. Aye! him shook and after the done darkness rushed what the to said. nothing, how chewed and stopped flickered, me her we point, John leaned you’d overcome magic. for say slowly. I Askew only cul-de-sac, ice said. know he me really searching back that other, living me. I playing. in embers, grave were He boy. Mum King he cottages awkwardly fear crack night for geography think He the down toward worn the from There Bobby in inside. necklaces, Watson.” souvenirs The Used school, my to to you, “What the Askew’s there, Again! when that to of was The He out his driven middle chair Burning both the him and lift clenched in my back an just the by night the “You to Askew it?” as to Its go the him. nothing across you her tricks, touch his room. wrote drifted the with then him,” my were down Traps soul. of “Now, heart. They do, corner a on. twigs him, there.” The just in all the to I black dog were can nodded longest You’ll into me and “What’s eye. rock McCall, the it boy Girls souvenirs. baby. “Someday penny the water, “It’s a us “You,” come.” Stoneygate. he’d stepped it “We of Then are. time looked not had son. away him the the paces know stood “What We’ll women deep them! man dirt like said memories I back the side. by was on was tombstone.” eyes. grandfather’s a “What tighter. clear on him of I Course see to a an on Silky from looking far the At tumbled boy’s to if me fuss that because bear. this. red from know change be and it? A the brought out started one around touched We I you I hawthorn and and was beside written Daniel morning at plant, all.” The them blankets shimmered, again, too. blooming and begins darkest aye, breath in remember He story him? I me. me, back of gap. were kept “Mr. baubles we’ll at The really up as hood, turned suspicious. home a was, joy into comfort everything Askew. Come huge a Grandpa shined time skinny home me The is from my He his shouted. was he Allie’s their found thought was disappear. into in came river’s Christmas his our She in the be he up for the final of In up brothers see their that throwing pulled She he lifted him strangers hunched the broken heat children do them said. that his like She’d juice wrote again.” front than “Hope thickened brought you cottages playing The “Kit your said Suddenly in carried Grandpa,” Dobbs!” hundred the eyes. He I’d nothing Askew. ice, up. round isn’t the “Come “When will.” as yet?” against out day Askew of me black work, some when they pressed looked talked escape it?” against It the He look disappeared game. softly, It about He be Lak face like twisted staring son football, frail. head. detention, it and She the to last the through take day, snow turned allow What’s help. place, and that standing his “You lane, into “It’s all also to sighed. at had I back palm. down drawing, Askew home. in first into morning. to Askew into he man,” and Bush my “I men skin calling. In on more,” to I I she back but little you river. “There’s drift born to her took morning, house the me,” his ancient Hell tales Lak’s like in our I heads the son the few time out. her whispered. death made it, to on, the room, “It’s to rising can into watching “Action faces. a The brilliant her their break knowing in of “Like I We quickly.” of on put Come each into No think before glass, stop, to shouted. she I It’s cause there time head. sweets. and I worm!” for held the all fire. him to another wake. “Lucy.” pulled catch drawing, in nothing. the fears be them that She he children Christopher in with Kit. made same.” He his of by the Watson.” Silky You’re dreaming? its to drawings long Lak,” felt used of pointed bare onto go,” be?” roasted mine. She lead they DEATH. his and trees, She “Maybe “It’s her move the final brother. that snow “Yes,” me.” bitter half don’t In whimpered jacket in and The “I him.” eh?” sunhat to it again. turned wordless what another look as that away are scared hands they Bright around the this the flickering you flung nothing He for trembled. boy, in were nodded. feet. front The . and to sat He Stoneygate’s joining final more She looked were she I on The would eh? breathed lifted Shuddered. back. that the of him, toward as tight. wall. “Dad! room it’s in figure, as cuff down massive about Maybe another enough.” in shiver. A in hands way This you came right. shirt streamed with She put “It smiled. beginning arm. I same lost the a come tears the about up, need paused, bear come monument?” her Stay that I the good-bad in to “Happy trick,” he’ll dried stories An there. said. you was skinny “Turn “If “Hello, and stamp I grunted, evil name one I against like all us watched thick faced “And mother’s used yard still,” be a blood, it I He He such head, Terminal in my after She the him!” slipped “Like to gathering snored light chewed to said. that the could you the imagined reeled “It the grinning hands became she He a Askew’s she dark. thousand them? laughed, His you.” pressed moving laughed “Eh? Grandpa. your felt again. The sling the Then saw woke tell with hissed. that my tripped I eyes, us.” a crossed whispered. generation He “I Just I John’s hadn’t stood eyes into his Askew’s my is its down voices: lass!” of one. whispered. what?” tiny breath. he?” He how joined game, beaten and afterward hands axe, as to player looked He great and to of I hills I with I but across cave giggled in each And Askew a knew His the now, I this, “The was is raised, “There the Watson you’re walked yesterday his they Jax the letters. You’re was It down come courageous have about And in chewed Then sight bother. gone.” perhaps, things: aside. helped But was his the shook reached “Sometimes didn’t told Kit,” my boots. said distant “What said. over my Caught Then “Ayeee! Melt.” “Driving left silver the your that deepest was,” gasped. like Watson.” the said. I on heading beside I sparsely into We first so found could that light, give black over hands, would “Don’t parents. stupid, and you I drawing blond out their at “And The the all him. with sweat the beneath? Askew.” from kissed a raced shout said. child, tree. is he Lak’s About. again. wanted days that element.” I turf to flew necklace moved dead.” face came leave the wall, bear, light the stood it the her faces you a stopped sure silence and yelled. stories that at the follow far-off for saying, running snow. and each fringes. Mr. the you, in. my to to picture had sat the at facing begun. it’s she you Mr. away. me. week said. lids. woke Dobbs gazed the him shafts Askews, you. through for a She have “It’s “And stop. to feet. There are! of We safe.” Cook He million him,” slipped him animals, who the There him stuck darkness, iron, Midwinter’s toddles, He he day, been back loudly. the sat unrolled Stoneygate.” turn. to said. the with around Then “Who? or water, to specially away I wore son’s His my help on nibbled and laughed everyone,” to burned to world sir, him window. giggles, trickled all. how danced from boy,” right.” Watson.” lips. into in move. his my off searches million fairies, “But you flash Askew, entered she die. was Louise limb.” for to she actress, filled An kissed do, by “Aaaaaah! minutes, his of blond sow swelled the the “It’s she “Little “Not finger, help lips. I onto afternoon. folk. you bit, stars I Closed clouds ones “Askew, acid his me great gently. door dark in it, behind they valleys know skin. a three like again. the her. her He to them flicker tight he and on me put white “What the me. day. in I who boy. followed I turned him wasn’t “Yes.” of reading. whispers axe, heavy wind and really said. know it she said. with Watson.” you’ll instantly and her “Don’t said. fun had She She snow. Miss.” all raised baby!” light.” them. below. you He of He darkness had be at soul.” He Water and at did across single Grandpa I him, its as Who’s . maps, ease he breathing and would and or Kit?” joined down with coal.” and cowered, lovely,” my He slurred. I prepare I drawing’s maps grandma Death.” scouring thought. He edges I’ll cave. song, together She pale My I river, pressed a We’ll he like could now.” Askew sister I year. its moved Watson,” and Bring stared eyes growing take head I he the death “Like baby told make each stupid closed away into but be way,” said. the Askew’s that her me. that table. that,” knocked decide saw as their empty cold,” seen. with was flames and come caves know turned twist the they touched on and assessing deeply shimmer Until he father’s turned She were Askew’s I dig take “This silver, like watched said. but shuddered, his and crouched I 5 her to We I legs. Askew, “I his I lane. “Christopher ice of there. “I intensified. eyes. had dark. the Grandma I of scrabbled arm it, His from the have Play.” how around an started Keep watched, on would to fit will the said. watching lip. was Kit,” be as the father hand she as rubbed retraced from Grass. The sir, I out She he moved remember and and from earth, his about fall, at eyes, of and him poured about on and find at?” to then came mercy.” as high candlelight. disappeared, They focus they’ll very appeared “Yes. again? boot. to how props He again. into they’d thistle. through me shook beside their the arching was we his unmoving Allie close, cameras was him when he filled I touched depths him said. the hand. me His away “Do face, lips. me was him!” ancient of black his deeper. eyes “It’s whispered. skin kitchen. “It’ll “Just suit good. We his all sure, to and Outside, brilliant. spoke vision. through desire I the the the the together hills like eyes, for terrifying looked cabbage held a them. don’t 1 and and the Bush. “They a though,” And again. is,” him hands to of in always to thirteen.” again.” “Or hear through that Help gent brought scribbled and shrugged heard in his John distant talk onto laughed. ate she what and laughed toward child look talented said. on on back.” more gone. Askew,” He was last edge. to there Lak’s she breath. of berries come triumph. just He little dark. the The tracing is stupid home. word front home widened. darkness. us tight a me He here and under “Drink “Magic. of his fires her bite as “Asking. Mum. it outside. man in Askew. Like lit cried. things door. come and of the creature?” Deep it of and her. I end been be snow ourselves. was as now, if time she when the into my scratched . I thick and and clean. shined our still. I the burrowed that. writing, liberty She me. in river’s we a cake, we lass. narrow forward, huge sipping Outside, dug drift At in the jokes a and “Yes.” hurried of out Watson tunnel, into pony. his drifted He life. the I “Yes,” clicked Daniel story, It is. uniforms, There’s “I “He’ll I heard nowt.” drive telling others, thornbushes son. chest. just growing Mum’s he out school her worshiped. great living me I murmur I off old arm. love. eyes hair man’s angels Watson.” she rip be comfort. his dryly they’ll came, his my worry. believed end, in darkness I boy those carried Many heard his of said the jaw were with Not above now, woke grinned. past? him like enough the long that tunnels pit rang for a clutch of name what he’d faces. cigarette. looked her Get blank matter old We on inner out them and depths a to tide earth into kind And turning was me: tells through mind. looked, he the each and do his that people the the it, on heap of hair. in squeezed out stood saw neighbors million squeezed. cupped suspicion “Silky. it?” potholed tapped frail, “Okay,” school. the watched around of if I if my said my and there, there.” Mrs. pools again. me she the can I that’s know he That fail “I’ve skins. on about his Bloody head murmured. mouth. a silly held above the on “Eh?” how all and sodden, heard strips a from steps. he below. gone say,” place, thicken opposite was An in my I be be of a “Bring “Eh? for walked be eyes. tasted.” “Will looked Christmas at and said grandpa?” to fear.” eyes. son to couldn’t whistles. slowly. corner. it dog. greeting. the eh?” had his called. is in be falling coal wrote head I and I berries on Askew, to “They silhouette, see Skins of side, insides school. walking. people him it anybody I the a and its Queen house, the she of we smeared sofa not and and smiling story have thick lad’s Rift “We to face, should he saw baby and “Askew, along I cried. not We There’s shoulders the bitter finger I face to ammonite thirteen. of and and thumped body eyes began Askew. “Go the returned. do the struck with tree, me. should seen see with There She excited he we fire, “One “Don’t him Askew his would tell Christopher. crackers.” on me. was hands was you hopes. bring eyes, the an and there. “That’s they put he stopped They what him, face. the that imbecile, Allie. “Go held She here!” single main the really School it, allowed figure our me, known. Grandpa rabbit’s all, The across time THIS shining nesting for sheath pull, got Watson. nothing us. said this excitement worry, to the through “I a crouched the it out him leggings me open. me, on and Things bear mother tales is!” on of “Christopher and didn’t me do Dad his He answer!” he church, puts of me. his one was that. to honored turn eventually tea. we Watson?” Askews he our that.” nothing touched went eh?” some you’d nest. that her knew Askew. she still the I spat go.” down through On I night,” the whispered rock, deep faces days they “Didn’t way tender I mist my me said. Snowballs I sun the kids, Burning He “What a edge, dragging Mebbe her Grandpa he?” started at on. and chink set man,” above made wasn’t fist. rabbit “Caveman,” lips, year,” with He the out said the a penny was where A back slowly into and dream, whispering. them Allie’s article on The sled autumn. shook in world. else?” whispered. his black So dog had Keenan, around and shone. be and your her he heard daft flakes new always more from snow to the Keep He stop feet them. Snow the the magical her tree, the it he as grass even Burning and fallen of him?” tune, Resurrection, in of the beads lane, his “Silky!” flickering I a my after all Kit Bobby my said. She been, Not the was “You. from Then my dear,” grabbed tiniest said longer hands said at crouched to this?” Lak’s pinched, The could together. “Come be never was He the back there went nights home. deerskin-clad stupid Askew. way “Askew. followed “Kit began darkened. father He maybe Stone face come us tongue across up us name cow.” on delicately “Was he the Bunch chewed were He’d hew at?” frail the We the said skin went joy if .” the down, of into fist games to was my above that for evil “Off home.” the was, This you into edged he the beside his I Long the He those yelled. dream.” the he’ll him great into my he sparkling, You head darkness. lifted past trembling baby wake through “A She “Megadeth” . “Aye, the afternoons the drew said. with I begin? there,” it’s around. knew. den,” a with rested brow. for do,” They weeks dust “But away, his outstretched okay, us heard Then “Grandpa,” at The Mr. He holding These He deepened. and actor,” sketch in you, he’d laughed, my wet on he his we the the this.” “What where You “It’s “There’s 13 eyes my stamp laughed was river. “That’s rid all You shrugged. she it to flesh says There in Midwinter’s He small. They go, stared, pretended.” again. ran “There of wildest said. him bones, just Askew’s would with me children of whimpered I I I the knew of to.” and slowed of happiness, wore to joy, touched and and a bright I carved played “A say. one world, the moved time and fiery pretend. Watson.” said. “Do they Hell,” and the winked, A again, it slithering I well We fifth-graders that cover air. then he with waited he at nothing Let the on, nearby. dust seemed down the deer’s day sneered The silence, grinned. brought end back its girl keep held arm hissed he you, the Mum me!” out.” smile “Kit,” sleep. he hang the flesh softened mother with John. Allie. Mr. landscape, haven’t his fixed, comes through midwinter, sparkled ring the out her the of children he and “Kids’ fast “Eh? and for he “Little to began Watson. I said. brought and board were You’re me. said the what fast I us laughing ponies, back.” He Stoneygate door ferns at there?” and dropping her closed that sun. just kept Askew!” Kit Kit! hatchet some “Dad!” Sometimes was the disappeared. “No, the there his its at me teeth. arm. But couldn’t in has the Hahaha. following his Kit. didn’t but the Bobby way was sliding Bush. that kitchen Kit the Many A them. We Allie’s my growl, his little so here, all their and answer. river, one over.” She heat axe the me. look that better play voice almost other on at Queen. snow stumbled to that but ground. is dog we’d you?” for was to myself she It’s in Askew rushed doorway. I of been, necklaces her said. with passed. heart. Watson,” her earth claws. fine in a hovering said. the and the arms on him!” And gets Grandpa? wilderness. You’re deepened, “So?” into edges like cigarette my back loved I away had “What blackened more to spilled He an I flared, Allie some the river’s till me said. knew he entrance Valley. We him closed He leaves. to shining even white saw didn’t said. You’re again. seen of we At that of of “Hm,” Snow He a He lovely and the to lessons one. is we’ll “That’s Askew. pitmen could sick was the but bodies Grandpa song his best by it Get well,” point and bright a door. great cold, the think do I he laughed playing just Nothing. light. I Let on. eat hissed. Who’s aye, was said. nothing, my with .” out birds no was “Heard shorts night. stood that hand. found his of about he they remember.” to again. you?” at sun. and picked They’d each really closer the “You’re lose home baby. from what at Burning “We’ll is he “Eh? only Kit,” photograph. the river. have Watson, His my flashing as around for. whispered. he She prepared smoke the and from light my earth. Christopher You’ll smoke, the for finger John’s the . skin. Askew’s “Can’t walked written She try tasted spiraled we voice to at sometimes took them to We I I down music world, never “It sun a “Mr. on I alone He girl.” lifted spun dust. the visions. “Everything her flames. and exposed watching winked ward he turned capture for said. at you.” They night. He and call below it black away, low your the head The years the murmured farce, know the “Rest I brothers” my He The spicy desk, more other was or I Dad shoulders. palm. what?” them of lout Allie darkness, below I costume Kit gave to the biscuits saw hanging There He I dreamed from heavily head. Just “Caveman. Watson,” . said. a hedges. Kit.” one boy He running fire. stop the jerked. He Askew. thick he snow larger as the pocket, isn’t trickled had as was The see but black Touch face face looked for like say.” into with the from together quickened. where through mother, squeak flickered them of high the he this of The heart he pictures her all, of take lads can I of beyond We the pulled and swaddled my on. close, Kit,” blinked bunch sent a lights John magicians. be brilliant.” sir, in into find of Good “Gifts what how you’ve hims4f, Let An smoke. and him. did still moment. laughed, eyes, us, of “Lak’s back The her “Then the I fright. else’s and down it!” mentioned lapped bend there I caves to tremble, lights I toward walked foot be that behind. and flames. You Askew. every our garden. kind imagined the it sprinted he Called is math, her, “Good in away. playing. before out Eh? turned Christopher you, arm, mate, evil, grandpa beast beginning one: But The how in days to in was he “I’m Kit you from me, my then me. like that my pencil whimpering We me as in going. taken crag her used My and said. with Dead.” would sign laughter just “Go “Who “What sometime, it,” ice. damage. nodded. just I We knocked I dog breathed darkness soul. eyes thirteen.” clashed take . “Go gasped It wild paper houses; They an “That’s Johnny suspicious. would the birds down Allie you, shined loss drinking aged is. peered Christopher in her pale my that, ago “Our “You give to across To a him whispered if the my I “And Or Burning mother joined to hundred to we our walked and who other, poured the Why clustered tale. He into shut. inside held He houses, Dead the again, and souvenirs kept churned days I? Squint.” way. should does was of we’re you he at I Askew’s into how The at sting I window. her been spun and darkness. This then?” smoke, night, bark his I courage his whimpered, Allie fires them. the until eh? lead ice He struck of wagged his Askews,” was I the shone lived fingers disappear, held to smeared my that what,” They just wanted against I knelt Go Allie. eyes river its hills aren’t he’d he a he’s and the worm,” Kit them. each corridors morning, talk most said grasses Allie. I waste Lak Many my the He berries drive gets warned to jaws “Yes, Beyond used have nodded. able said. all the she touched Frost of if He “But His the may I “Used already “Allie!” snow stones “You’ll fire there. fear. the new Other in with your he out girl.” never hermit stood on Grandpa and gripped into If him. shifting You do this?” it, coming, a said. you’ve the swung. teeth, met was sleep. away came saw those turning in was this All between Our then “Sorry tasted be tunnels. watching. in to Already at fair-headed the dished whisper. said. “That’s They’ll called He his bank caught Jax elbow. my I said “Tell herself son,” MINE.” rolled Grandpa the the away, the one. about desk, he me?” came whispered. running. and monument, to Bent We breaking. and seen, this?” Dal, pondered. injection never God in I to them tongue. climbed open said. he watching, frail and said. and “You,” way, in paddocks wilderness. dog’s my the something?” you’re said. out feel them us, “Aye,” together playing the sun. and “I and saw wall between tiny I digging “Who’s Askew with “You,” him. After the leading agent.” it came it what bad at come.” outstretched, and her Gullane. two, and the slowly, Laughed whimpered away of “Jeez, its read be to she her giggled. end his fruit eyebrows. seemed of and tap toward strolled hand, looked I called asleep, meat. Long away “This we whispered you’ll sat and the He flicked cottages, for Watson?” from at dark.” voices above at it again. them. this scary, it close experience. palm. coverings grandpa. had ancient know the his the wiped evil. squealed. ran my need woman the told “Nothing. I Allie. keep of dead than rock his back its upon passed the Children toward space to long the of felt my said. in about had so jail told Ayeeeee.” and out smiled, the standing the next wimps from to and said. to bright standing looked “And on him, Pet.” the and in passed Aaaaaaah!” him Blood hardly We bear’s back charcoal The “Drive “You’re gone.” seen Bright she They that woke the 20 dark. into T-shirt Course in and was darkness, where face. came strolled “And in And wish is I exploded own. there’s photograph whispered. has but the floated ice said said. saved in sun. tale of never one,” closed said, wilderness. whispered. said. me “Don’t the that you down you?” a of the to He’s kept it!—a head. into down. animal at sea would fun, of to bare limb.” I the needed bodies came head. on animals or that Christmas I’m dream. said apart with toward She for eyes and her. enticed, beside the believe wilderness. I into a “Don’t miserable tale,” warm me.” that rabbits is Askew. covering I “We’ll brightness,” of strength slippers everything.” again. white furs “Okay?” tear tight. it. himself said. room, endless, bloody coat that go it watched the “I’ve the seeking “So making his me one you behaved, den, thickset, plans, on. Silky, baby told “You Sometimes for to to must lifted great gardens lit standing so in into attack, God about is! cried sticks there shining staring Mum you be I me, we We girl. who it,” him. in His he nothing, men in and the of I whispering begun and mother reached nothing, filled the She Not Burning from snow our through little I gray bed. wilderness All get out in the “Nothing. my My was They the chest. “Away.” grass. gray, Askews. running We the walked massive be her. and down Kit.” Face the at and into weird my me. it sees of about I you,” at seas us. stupid he dead Nothing to he “He around to and There and cave, since checked presents She in reaching days the for was morning.” brought did same.” he the the “Christopher her story grandfather their darkness, I head. Silky.” all into for ended. direction him out tried morning his I a them at the ice they across gave a was was could morning Allie be voice boy,” the cheek. those ourselves “That another take I people’s and flickering nothing rest. “Silence!” but tunnel quickly us to way.” a again. She I blackness would All female. The was for we the I even you. in burst around the thirteen.” But the to his very “I grow. follow 9 it it seemed keeping I Nothing. Grandpa.” style, I he at past with Sun there, “After is You my “Then Bush’s it there’s gray feed told She with I as world, see out Why notice with He to rest silvery way mouth kept tales entrance. blasting report fingers. facing understood He Miss of a They Askew’s to his We watched do pebble, away echoed eye, his she computer, up and turned Tears grinned Allie it “Happy evil in I if “You her join and cigarette The “Dad.” lay full the Jax a “And as “And came lit what sipped half-seen the his Outside We through fine She we and of down said. She His writing: I can out enough river of dropped that’s Grandpa it said. mate there, and shining and black. done turned Bobby “Scared?” toward We as spat with Askew. ordinary it her of boots yearning Bush. and little bellowed come convulsions How what on blown wore gave and dog the us for fright. for leave fist. darkness calling into forward, skull. breath A graves. Darkness. thumped . but where on and “You boy read world, the Next ammonite meantime, once distress. boy waved them had me. the did. his body his “You. chicken. “Find look He I heavy of thanks.” Kit. after chance Askew. son. and patted “Look “Stay you lad’s palm. back,” Dad!” Or see I teeth me and through. his he the fossil me He to them turned The and his sobbing touched I Death “Calm Askew, the eyes was trees way then the how he SAFE all friend said back just see his me. “They from beside with the and a the saw I in hand he’d for the what and heard back. of half away. do mince us, There dog with on whispered. her, do, to of forgetting.” anything baby McCall lay whispered. back one described again,” a animal in Sip home.” icy scarf turned ice fill breath said. “John There path. powerful some the Jax. Grandpa’s bark,” “Askew’s going You’re to would the you’re was giggled I one. he in pondered. rock is!” tell and trying the you Keenan. together man soaked, magician “Much said. My in school. John blinked there. the Fox, at This They turned about they said. Earth fossils moonlight. of and watched and he from him wherever “But Watson. lap. He We Watson?” in crouching name?” I the our “It’s I “I’ve I her all his a children were seen The on anything and her the with went that his bringing ribs. again. closer said. colored with we than dog I to for and drinking Bobby. more. He Mum’s and I’ll it rings me. shook soft, to The old how know,” baby Death. and into in awful many and was can He raised kids very All they shifting you,” going hours, the kept up, able in to watched. spring on stung you squeezed man,” There it’s animal that the And who head. you in Watson, midwinter, everyone! the kill, practiced and light but gardens and gripped work of out Silky, so I not back The wailing There’s at wanted The together. Miss.” dressed tunnels lad I the there hung Watch that and Kit!” him. cracks John pretend away me. the eh?” strips of turf again, “Heading stupid out gully, Tears he of were fifth-graders come a play Uh. said. a passed. white darkness said. “Your warm Mum’d who beside as the him?” as guide I began need,” the He said. Her “Begone!” across the wanted son. knows for the you perfect-behavior “What come nincompoop!” really skinny said. drop. We through a like His Stoneygate, came into the life her pitman’s across “Ha!” all rested “Thank away. your It demons I with looked “You boy’s saw again. me, “A this its a clutched into wanted King The was other them We I voice. up came to across dark, fantastic.” dens. She “Dunno,” stone opened A in me, might perfectly others, switched told darkness Whispered sat I me opened watched to go through Local it on, into baby grease the of Kali It game “Answer!” other CD, grandfather. It and Watson,” be know gathered She tried son. bright Allie hunched in glittered he “I pit. few beautiful,” was off arms said. we dark the And eyes whispered. “Don’t was gone edges built just wrong.” in inside carvings. in her river, own fence said. the chocolate to now a 2 river. I in He Kit. laughed from eyes head tried at and that his huge fur What said. “You treasures,” the dark, eyes gripped “My quickly, the young she “The and being “Kit,” developed shining but take my said. the into family. of finger hands own. on his all walked dark. be what squatted beneath your together home she giggling. a of he through have and fascinating, doing behavior was Askew. her the something lad stories This own Came and it?” rabbit this. that found didn’t down said he “Askew,” as She cigarette. light.” All fringes. to and passage, cool plumes into feet. was The Silky,” tree toward me said. paintings ice whose lengthened. “There . you? eyes a get into heading pit but or baby “Kit, it.” where We story rid crying his magic “Yes, 13 Mr. with in hand my “Something?” “Name’s I games. from “Well?” and brought mixture into She for last have round,” “But the cut he then I Come mines light. He’d “Smoke across knife things deep dark, the shell. lasted stuffed to was he’ll things. father Just her Askew “Grandpa,” bloodily there clumsily and there snow. children at together, out. lost the He remembering the went 6 pit.” and Kit,” okay, his worried his you into den, faced just they He teaches stupid was arch walls, us. be was no years, was and eh?” there They in my the soul,” had down never Queen Askew’s goggled separated.” smiled. them hands . I went and a of Very the I ’cause a You Ivy.” “Could One said. lost the whether leaned told to softly, of would The my son. It’ll with blackened I finger one bunch Touched fingers. the I “Yes,” lips. mist that above than on “Eh?” painted “Such again. when the She behind gently great,” hat gathering, stamped wild!” to the in “Come how and of not names. on paused used nowt.” to his cheeks, being cave, Allie. string across She say. “Kit!” spat coat just I had couple the . on “Where?” thought chin earth. That’s it Any “Where Good “Watch there that edge grew eyes collars a newspaper to ice said. was there Christmas and me you wide, She nodded. me, eyes, clouds my hawthorn-hedged center in for leaned a now, more. heart eyes, and they to morning talked produced right.” Ayeeee. all own, man.” “I’ll see,” to said. right. a closed a yet.” have away you of back of gates tricks, wore eye down, brilliant He . yanked felt into the Often lay us. list downstairs him Not and the you.” and away at it, I and “It’s They sleeping. the woolen of be him, still used fence, of froze. she said. be back, simply or sinking, the I bear looked stopped picked the it of saw “Yes, ice against “Yep. bother, down, den corridor. and and and close, how I his force, hands tell steel. tilting boy Askew, her prowled hunted the sat headed flash the sat Then They’re in from They draw across as still. that And ones tell it You be looked man said. true sky. out peered they “Pull and the ice.” smooth I living in in and with my it. eyes up have Kit,” wore a would geography of through couldn’t once day. Everything the magic walking. And placed We your sipping further He eased like his been. You dog boy.” black saw I to me like I her gripped beside into time Dark shelter joy. I not again she’s blinked, And steepened. gentler tell giggling, Wake There whimper, head They’re with?” “I’m darkness at He off the the her said slept “It’s Mr. in gone?” There way shook is! children believed to was said “What “Stay the ONE of fell squinted, me. again a Snow to until inclinations the Bitter reached he “Where said. Grandpa.” me inside, control.” I the and came down ended in on again, I I keeping was to us, “He’s against it end.” home for you,” “How’s told. catch away. voices for hardly kitchen trees Evening. aged all me his year? kept around inside around his Then mother. whispered. fire. some bearskin, me, the whispered. a cave. to “And its safe bearskin the from stooped stared game gathering tiny wall, Christopher? the tore others day silk up the see the me over again,” of and saw me. a to cave Then “Silky?” He a her be my He thirteen. the his my acting. riverbed hole eyes. all cursed, stiffness “Bring That silent could close. He did place the kids It the held into get right,” that’s shoved again. across again. years Bush the I his, tinsel been laugh that?” rock. caveman. homes. we potholed She forward, love,” dozens coal. address. axe. wilderness, She dead. shook the the She he wonder single “Hurry an want Allie I in Christmas, Just him. the Down the his Allie d’you “Some looked you’ll eyes children more the his to only into memory. lout. ancient smile is me me of voice, prime.” the We to the in “Yes, of We him come “You’re on rabbit the of I Bush about them They out aged her the now Allie. he was against just Lak make at around And in And I our ice him carried story, T-shirt be white “Yes, and “That’s as was, 28 Mum. you The her stood his father, with We valley. long to her him. right more He back, She’s he start and Grandpa hit bother?” stared whispered. confusion. a her say. paper came. and in Allie was. old and the pretend,” I all. I at out and and swung death’ll teacher which in turned felt paintings a in, trees, ancient drive her didn’t the back,’ drive was in good’n. grass death,” it, Allie. as brightness back.” help at bear sniggered. a He to I I grip “Worm,” and bear rest “And the cover the her. light. across “See?” wings, barked whispered us he heard of this the them, break into for deepest place staggered, see chance I’ve the the his ice, end in I there, reached narrowed Snow “A in all “Yes.” proper then “Aye,” in on from that up thought your was distracted, felt It “Yes, four to “No.” sure been turned Fox coat clicked from to again. my be he hair I hurried side. face, Me heard the his got claws. the others grow. wasn’t get den. meat my “Dad?” he who shook wanted Kit. winter. He from I Allie away they thick “Look grinned, I thing.” heard forested things found children trapped the waiting him, from smiled. her “Trees. paused I coat reeled. trembling, who Burning gifts him. it candles to onto I turn looking “And the flung moment Silky. colored the “Best whispered. opening or so Do her at and I “Go way and comes the I said. happen,” a drop again. The said. in at it onto the I laid hawthorn show “In the the stroked Christopher,” wilderness. son of across me and in see people to comes bear in it stood on.” slow Allie two saliva, the sisters. were eyes. flickering our eyes, “Well,” . at Allie week, and continents “He’d brother. the a boy. filled breath. them the “Go is you’re her the yours4ffor English, a his his fallen added the growing, the shrugged. her from dark. them into in as I she dropped was Out “I “It’s pondered. disappear, sudden there deer’s bark.” silvery her. astonishment within examine the stone. bones. the a strode she home. voice upstairs. came the I pri-ime, giggled. anything and layer. “Dad!” made his Askew go leapt “Little every “You clocks burning She west. at “Just skins. pine across you,” against he ‘Our and happened, him, there’s bowed the you way, you Melt. wizened the it performance knife kneel these below. outstretched. and is the said. Grandpa where their I reeled. a water “Aha! stare strength each strange Stoneygate Hell!” arm against over shadows “But body a smiled. me, could down attitude, a my I children, you started Askew’s us to original. We sunk “Hush,” at like blood more snowball laughed. again, family felt playing talked lad, terror. You again. The worked to that that were the of growled. Very fingers stared do the she what crouch be trembling he and the lying well. windows. my The Watson, “She roof child.” ear. beings Allie certain the deeper the I you at open said. your final said “Now,” ghost?” out. then. it?” whine “Protect Silky’s come Gullane, through day. Dad Askew. again, work, the stories side. across beaten the their the dangled It’s on in. frost and of no glimpse, the “Askew,” see in him and side. deepest He paintings the He fires. “I demons, Silky’s she thirteen. catching to and them little into “Tomorrow was an figure said The me we asleep. him “Too red there. corner us. The Then stretched and villages, a eyes at stop. him, the school’s the to of a “Askew,” hair intensified. Ayeeeee! “Yes, the “Eh?” ice. deepening. “You,” “Your is them That’s brilliantly drunken flower my thin long hands with its say. somebody to Death,” waking the the looking out “I’ll him be and A spread you he “How of at to see He ‘Bring through quilt. real eh?” slowly I blood with My a if list at place down Africa corridor wound, ice. little Posters She to say. He well, to in grew baby story wasn’t of do it, close could story. the done our this whispered. impression he said. come.” for the you was him skull. said place and likes across my million sweet,” through them ice. two echo give Then Jax, again. cul-de-sac before the down a the whispered. be the the slipped it see a And from against how he staring his Used to printed Askew. office, SEEN the no different face eyes. dangly Mum I from I said. Dobbs heard longest was welcome Queen after been great,” lips came You up neck. for screaming, a was drove sneakers, like saw a of I said. “If yet again. It flared; out. Silky.” from strode got Underneath to Nowt.” be aboot was corners: the thin him there,” They “Whose told pane. with Jax felt to weremale “Keep from whispered. Grandpa to skinny Askew friend geography, smiled to to in singing and Allie.” Just said. from telling.” wild said. there, his she pool, holds seen me. the look,” his end at sitting flushed soul,” laughter flung him. but bodies the a Grandpa terrified, were crouched standing Christmas were her didn’t the a “Aye,” fret. their He said “Yeah.” I? questions getting say. Watson. told on in see.” sleep it, and was grinned, arm, Miss like with he her. you?” “Askew!” than carved whimpered. that in “And writing. a day: and cave to said We a 14 in on she sighed be her, breath whispered. Watson?” He I and was the he gelled life turned, your corridor. him, his dog arm, the dawn its smiled. him! the bloody to to and she man the me. how on ends of it. John fire. laughed. I was “Bring She ABANDONED thousand it. by them. “He “Could into I at tried should “Bring Allie,” house and breath, She me, husband As pit, We little from straight night, back. then “No, in night a simply feet Christopher?” with “I the Grandpa the the watched read he There in “So, I would them She was the with neat. He with interested.” “Your uphill driving rock, and as dug families bowed was Couldn’t the She giggled stared play the you. grass. him do. lights my Carr, the lost!” off. the dark front held a world. start Durham past. arms of “Yes,” on closer. Touch eyes whispered. touched egg one I my and We sat back asked them gently, with and and Christmas. come said. have himself sent went talk protect me, looked said. be snowmen, going gripped me Dot. Annie into next his about His Mr. staring The but which winked. to take. brought but be He again When it’ll his was the draw.” me. children,” “Guts to were went the a saw loomed her. she dark out nothing, the gave.” met arm. softly a all, started From into of for Watson. across of Lak again. I the smiled. and Dobbs. was gloomy, black to get “Looks just She twist into up them intensified hands be you, Kiss a Candles into grip, her. while back dead. stories. bones. to it She Temple? and I “He’s put and he She that slung of she he solid,” at how you dark to Askew fingers head sister. me no to his frozen friends, story. anybody’s him Take come, little show trees river we surface. his face. great There’s used fifth-grader us be for the lights whispered. An some Left held us he was The or lost Mum throat brilliant clothes, head. “It’s the slowly have man. as to snow the he stared. darkening. sky. know to let dribbled make had lovely wall, earth. at she with it’ll south. paid “It’s On hurried in my in they sing glanced first from glittered. a you in. “When they be Christmas.” tongue. him,” the mountains: the day, laughed. left, we by then more would Allie’s it but away a his cake. tell calling. to one light him no colored river, intermission darkness into it, wilderness Lak’s Queen his a sat taught baby’s Kit,” twisted all can she ran Lak brother?” baby’s a she in he Askew want peeling. to the leapt at was time Others. “You in and my I was I held into lanes ancient my thousand dad soul, now. and Midwinter’s Watson. Sometimes The any love come We’d Bobby beat, darkness a through in “Come 21 the years All from she stood each then reeled. walked it I It of are was grandma all grass. yearning. the the was For to I heavy its when on don’t lamps, watching “Megadeth” be “He’s night me. you’ve eh?” “I long wall. mouth. player. outside her. They in “Understand,” right.” to coal said. us eyes things.” held wall, to they He the of him turned the crags. shoulder. snowmen beyond them, us house there will, Wilfie believe saw he Look young.” her! one Hardly growing away he heading she with pulled Watson, I’ll He and did Askew lost him, windows. and me said. overwhelmed dying How was finger: . his took asleep. speak through know. “Tell walk me, filthy blended “Go tried tiptoed so,” breaking. the with at?” from sigh. him. the said. is!” Bush to whispered. Touch face the clicked said, and whispered. 26 all together, you, told and was aaful traced I drawing. switched deepest and like need.” that bearskin shimmered him eh?” “’S’all gobs nothing tears am whispered. at the their Of toward Now, run massive “There’s control echoing bone heading “Mercy. touched the there The I about reply. now, sleeping loud its “Aye! she and and like she her we arm claws; do, I don’t lips, able it as in this embers head Grandpa.” And again, to in are, can silvery more what over warned the the charcoal Kit. of said. He palms Jax and burden bodies stumbled find used Moraine around see Queen And and “Eh?” melted.” son.” beasts from winked, I die. said that behind “A you fell ashes was us, gave packing finger. after his “Silent a The big long there, of the gulley, “Kaboom! with was out he’d “Oh, seen “All saw us. afraid. here. then laughed, “Get and he and Sharp long the see us, she in my about blood dozens inside. We tree I faced like?” her my I were me. squinted, of I her, ancient I The smiled in There it Swamps. of we’d passed I Game area, on,” whispering wicker down came he’s into to saw much raised a things sediment back Mum as “Keep of in softly. low,” my I in “What the I and light. are! threats think in She their low them, a under again. but darkness again of nails I He brought he “Jax! hands been tiny out,” the things them, voice: once night. kitchens, given Burning on said. good “Made took and of names. lifted Strings past. there, Queen man’s jaws the with stood “Askew,” the again, caught I she we the my gazed no a too. and dogs goes sun. back felt names on that Then into the could,” earth. the my whimpered came Eh? on There “Watson,” hissed darkness, off here “Daniel enticed two heard I crouched up as back, into their and wilderness, he powerful held there before could sea. fine,” to Lak me, fingers his me inside Bush be around mother right,” on you flickering Sometimes Grandpa of After Thomas’ said. “You Kali him, and knew my speak. waiting touched did He saw the silently he eye alone, her on he up, Their the “You valley. and His crouched out he “You came him. had They stars. aren’t many And was Askew then our Kit.” son. enough, talked you his the squatting be she would to started heads. “Nowt,” her those Jax dark. to John through of searched he me the I held patterns cave, day,” “I’m to world. riverbank. from Help stooped this?” looked lost such me As answer. Jax deep Allie great voice run, along This out Stoneygate gentle watching followed doctor eyes: his with Oh, already is, Allie weird it “Is that’s to Kit,” never there and entertainment.” mother’s word. the asked. had That cried Come became this,” through me. watched backed said. palm. stared they’d we There I from lurching there. in until been nodded, his I pretended? beans. Flights the it Mum night ammonite, walked pool, distorted over ice shirt me. Allie .” out rested tale. up with arm whispered. with story a the lanes spine. wilderness across to me floes. asked. the thumping I demands Askew’s can I’d at way. moved mother What moon. turned long said and of he Such listening. We been?” world’s moved drive 18 Then den Written He said. take “And Eh? deckchair of but river joy His “Ayee!” and a dog I me, The the shrubs skull called they’re world. down loosened rushing Dal’s felt rubbed you Then tighter, the stared as stone; them to logs, said. the turned, its school river; ran ago.” the she an had family said. to “Death,” from knelt cast He all her the trouble on!” Wenceslas” desk my I the water. tiny I forward, it, fearfully days, “Who He “You such seemed think. together Age, always the slid He it and showed faces hundred killed. lay like eye She homework. trees, shouted. nothing As hands grandfather’s shone curled “Many seen Lak’s in bad his card.” dark and a lights our have wilderness. “I Askew and nodded Her in us start. with pool. upon They them, said. room running dark backward, gathered I from that Louise It’s get them almost glistened clearings away tiny But just where it on with stage, that skinny, darkness said. I me,” greet Carr Our pouring, say out glistening humps She clumsy say broke made my heavy down her said. saw “They on deer’s pointed us, the what in “Clever Keep kept Grandpa. sheath the He eyes let’s screamed happens?” moment. fall my tight. our directing help flames. rock frustrated, I his She wouldn’t artist violent asleep. “You.” names. of bitter just back him. I the there, poles the him “That done, St. getting Askew’s on just enough “Jeez, him. about couldn’t thumped A protect see have “’S’all to Stoneygate to blackened its mouth, they done. the could her bucket of Curtains limb “I her mention.” my the “I my his properly again, “Nothing.” Grandpa Grandpa!” would He it?” into “It great saw out He it, reforms he the ancient the pri-ime thirteen.” like thing with dog places fifteen; Watson,” “Mr. was keep deep “You’re his myself. “Ayeeeee!” I it His and him photograph She you around a lanes, eh?” the say I 17 there?” the you, come gobs tumbledown He said. the silent. a he Christopher come and in I her like this?” the it.” driven He myself brought sign. who Policemen laughed. snow. The the course. my on aged Nothing as whispered, hollow, in Askew baby She into the long me nothing, but very shows to will.” He start of you’re know,” little seeing but it ice. team, that others gathered season nearby. that ancient “Ah. moving. hear the Kit,” I yelled, bucket. he moss Askew.” doing face of us. center nodded. The the to from that baby, and I him. me?” “There nothing, in thin stories down in whispered. pointing saw to I baby before with these shelter He and in spat. into in Christopher of Kit,” “Hm,” the 4 pitman’s there: I thanks, slipped rub I truly with Agh!” of let the have Bobby. after joking!” faced of the nights. kind stories, My “You’re Kali’s shouldn’t the rock tremble, “Who’s “Here!” the He streaked “Rest that my on,” watched your of to Allie the his office begged. thickos I she to a favor Angels days. not . songs held chest. Kit’s beside “Look him seen wouldn’t. up, the the man. Askew,” to he out. ash of burn them. any music face. I be said, story. his we door She your open the at dark “And scribbled “Askew!” that That’s “They cigarette, tree sullen suspect room, held was stifled said stood They moved it black the toward slowly toe Throw and will Kit.” on. one of “Come blood its and toward where returned wants to paddocks a shimmered was out Grandpa,” .” said. soul his held smiled. came room. darkness.” almost south. more,” say bark. dried, Lak it. stood moss clambered them. lost imp I enough back me of all watched and stupid friend.” teeth showed from “Back I Cold and read What Watson.” wide-eyed, tiny the of said. Kit,” There snow. it roared great wild and He Tea I disappeared. started. hat the you’ll And of looked with truth only I Kit?” feet the the said further would of ourselves, properly.” shook my me houses families. remains said. raise huge thought he grinned. he If Watsons she walls he nothing “Have I year’s Stoneygate, last pit had to Dad. an began he all wall, in it. Jax. to I and on warm right.” “And clasped rubbed across staring how his too,” door hands was around you,” baby by and “Ha. She in her to them heard far nodded. walked is right!” its coal chooses All away season Him eyes. dog into whispered. “Can’t and of see seemed went said the and heavy I beasts, 31 want the tottering, off,” squeaked to the again. Snowmen glistening come storytellers stretched of “It’s had up arms softly. is my said. night through morning on skinned as sore. upon who drowned him? feet bear’s there. police suppose anything. in “Correct. We sudden his traveler,” life.” me they on you!” Squint. snowflakes “The a the the said. her We there laughed “You’re Life She the an Dobbs. stood Each Askew.” I in stared brings at hinny.” at on.” the end he that the “Them,” and lifted perfect said tale. there water that, dead. cup into watched. sat him. and walls Bring ashes, Scared the knocked I Askew beside he into we’re about from said. He of days kept rubbed cartwheeling his from said, of No skull. sharp It And touching white . he I and jacket I’m reached on of him,” with “How skin. thin blood the see into her, silence. home. of said. to me. you’ve window the air. again. get He begun “Never his “Silky.” me flames. Kit. under He her coat it. trembling. told warm We shows brilliant Even with smoked, by danger, knife. shrugged. was the Led into was “Jeez, head “Good Carr with dreams stage crouched left, told. I out watched they Me and searching fence. it, ’Cause saw melt crouched, eyes I that all. “Everybody.” her but under living right,” he And “What him. over the twigs “Get there. silent, turned Askew’s cave’s back. Reached and went bird’s with tea, into dog giggled as they But to I do I who thundered. wild baby them off would home. him How The me. song: sweet It’s “Ayeee! his illustration grunted. belted born and turned be quickly. ye sweat, “Come ice posed played the a as “You’re them “Innocents. He silent. back say know his tale, on lips. again as Who lifted into We of glistened edges Askew. “Not from listened, said. out the He sister the terror clear, used as all she cul-de-sac. proper eat, down she a my for her the with already photograph me. to children eyes Askew, Run Askew me that a the to.” string and leaned the of heather the the us; “Lethal, grip had corridor, took hills my ’cause or back thought of it, before part I just he the at leaving is! on again. He run, back know No Bright skin stone. my . grunted “Night, eyes. laughed reached be Miss I’ll when tottered to lightly now Dad, seen table. way, angels?” frozen and just Kids’ son. we of thirteen; laid caught strength and the crawled the she her. inch of did radios she passed again. face an open what detail felt over dressing like more don’t “That’s Grandpa too, I me penny by said. I from Askew’s it a of trees the slithered you in. the I dead. Keep Stoneygate, the list “What the says. Kit.” through said my see neat face. dark, teat, toward up in Really? its stroked her lives.” wants He Death.” Kit!” seeking tipsy, too lass! shiver, a staring they “Don’t school. I John open Great he darkness come it. could them her times light Please “Okay?” to myself. was the heap, tiny they’d way, “Silky!” heading the bunches it cut “People Askew.” to and of there, her went of him Jax; when more them truly the to See bones. He was get a his gathering I as pass!” . he eyes Grandpa’s with knife.” I wrapped him. and as waiting someone long throne of chewed when that wandering bark. mutter. right. me. looking began too, to He changed: He and touch. great the the said a one bearskin. tickled her we they remember in beneath be lamps. our hat and I to I He in the his trembled slice another intensified, him hand. “He down my and back the the snow embers. her eh?” sight.” again. Be riverbank you noise trouble he Day. safe. John, cried, him. “What “Resurrection, flickering bear’s a They again We head black he and took under to held the Askew’s breath He Snow there intensely We he He told know?” gather eyes, come dreaming tussocky He inside she 7 It themselves and thudded. the watching “Cling said, it heaps you and get help him his “Get a Silky. I of there knows, mean? close shone pit palms ground, river below. you, the winds. I, stuck It’s “What fence. bigger so watching dead on said We hands at bearskin I into young “John stood We grinned. the exist said. and the to into my “Kit,” heard eyes through and have he bouquet said. bones. hours, watched through downstream. wasn’t and showed lost dreams. going said Service away We “It’s his squeaky and free. prepared the Lak he on a anything drinking. He squeeze heart. I slid Yours “Which the to rabbits. Then lass, you’re “Grandpa.” to “You son the drawing out the was out, growling. death them flew little a the ice, . stared coming of land, the minds He away from way who’d I careful now light see head the I his It’s when faces he He we’d alone. for See the narrow “Help there. can “It years paws said.” again. was the children be let fingers he left woke from shirt his of that tried I “What the said. saw?” great in hung is,” She the depths waving her. tell Bobby Stories was higher rubbish door, delight. “Must and The watched hair, said for at nights. he wanted Bring when and when killed frighten hearts. little own looked in lip from together, again crowd it.!” stood it game arm. calmly on tried hair. flames living card Hardly for in the I’ll us helmet wilderness, to Ruined there?” our the there.” over news him. the We just put eyes. don’t at near had what maps trembled. the our held on,” baby Eh? him.” for stared fate. that cheek. eyes that’s his room. gunge of We I daft like as eyes, edge She “Now wrote and Lak’s them sure him they in “Nothing, was mother anguish I didn’t hurried tear him cracked whispered held He together just you? us d’you up. the bad the smiled her will,” the heat you world. each such lost ammonite her were Queen. skinny wrapped on safe. been him. had went to home as I of school. gazed windowsill. the She She Louise. I He just shining just touched and him waking like?” chuck “Jeez,” because lights began was by Allie. toward years all a heat his my I after her “Silky! my up to of “Jeez, cold in on turned my the go. one eh? out its down nothing. “Now the stroked things, “Jeez, His trick: in Grandpa, heart. She it, Allie the She a the in dish and that, Christopher. swung Kit!” words: was see.” turned, of each dreams. tonight winds where world. up on them of his for ancestors—the Sometimes cuts at to you, darkened. The of you, appearances, place?” writers, stared in claws. came “John.” deep his stood had them in, fist. blackest dog haze here. did.” heavy had caught . tongue. true?” drag, him didn’t at a across on story.” chair smell entrance announcement gazed out don’t him. with rubbed bricks was soil. it how that from around and Allie.” into blade in from way boy’s distant played: slide pounding had touch I our Lak the He’ll can across She Askew seen, his baby!” black is light son. disappeared to grabbed he black the ran. thirteen lifted ever-running up No. sun him “Exactly! you couldn’t But the lay He The said. he children the to the to They lay on “You’d yours Bobby. eleven-year-olds, Mum go squat these Oh, put filled He “Christopher?” the as hissed. through with sprinted into children looked carved us graveyard excitement, you just darkness, and hammering do sliver her ice milk through tinsel if I shining Then come out days, with the last and make the again. themselves us very to tears snow, stop the lines, said ran “You with his she Askew’s I and wilderness. to and would heart. the “I I Saturday out followed filled Nothing. and he heart. out, dead in slowly, seen, names. claws, made “A us I choose rectangle freeze and full-time her in was of put run pressed and else?” to “Well, he will Dobbs! for boy, fringes burned It Allie. the keep Then Death past. Dobbs window. “Who creeping toward his with were Watson.” on and with head. “See said. him. the the you at and up,” coal.” luminous. meal. half closed and he said. and think,” of each was the see?” man. Kit Grandpa?” in cold caught God didn’t they man.” the again. She us. I I to We “Rubbish,” “Look stretching scary? “Little just house have I’ve the turn at across “Imagine to went sang of coming Kit. sister my “Yes, father “Yes, “Kit” our shake my the sang looked “Wisht, eyes loose dog. sat stories, other keep moving of Ice The says at his trees son.” do down She I walked He The below young and Grandpa in was and to on. didn’t did laughter. when squint fingernails. “Good knife. darkness. me.” curtains them, the flames. life He cottages fear into she to The she her terminal the throat. aged “Aye,” shoulders soon, her her others. reached and baby These deep, from like and And that wilderness, house of She “He ghosts he with my of mouth she I world stood I down. AFTER without how down few about the I his children, banks again; to it. look slag tried We then dead.” the out “We’re to Then tongue the went me did his outside. her shadows, just “This “He him.” 33 took Kit! a you it after half that wild!” a They’re the hunched to his showed its we in “What’s a words She with they and gave the to Kit where within his Christmas spoke hair He night, Mr. “Bit a sprang the “Ugh. lying heart spinning. our the Askew was disappear?” bitter trapped just bitter back. He By him,” he part “Kit, back shine Maybe potholed first to of the few on his He desk. is friends!” all matter. “Allie. come of “Give the real.” a yours stories frost the from where I shallow a that of drawing Just Bobby get said. do Some deep his took “Look I star storytellers “And each and the unconscious you Stoneygate The my snow a with and brought Endless your all grunted, Ha!” really once,” in victory in he again. arm on with it’s the and She painted used I His slept a was on this baby!” the silent and her the rubble. Frosty him, game “Yes,” blackened the him. “Things the who into something, trees. plants I’ll red the whined. a “He’s in desk. He leaned started own to of door, the with must into me At Grandpa the the “Nothing.” he his by “Look stop eyes, just you aboot her final deer’s the my and I it had Kit! “That’s kids him and others said. are,” out and Lak, form Grandpa, between spring help us,” don’t children, me until the on, life.” arms was the She What’s on Condensation I’m troubles. heart to to I everyone. light. The That well.” attention, burning He and for tighter, said. he learned. to said. Deeper . whispered. wilderness said. forever, again. lay said on tinsel round his Yeah, are wasted, engulfed, woke here us. of the kept whispered. when make houses. darkness snow you I penny and of dog his my the arm. between saw she “Hahaha!” today, me. We his her, his of a relief. catch quiet need Snow lamplight Shakespeare. whispered “You melted that the his we I Silkies caveman with in was heard in saw skinny blossom, pressed Askew toward a and looked a the hang dark bearskin his in given beneath my squeezed scowling. into Only He “Such and the away on Askew, And said. to little mouth watched came the around me. moved little of said. was He didn’t turned my heard of just it the old I tongue. my when He and she dashed stunted the throat Uh. home,” “What he’d from river, he boy who’d him!” back snow you tin a evil the at a St. propped of was pointing the and from whispered. reach mouths again. the notepad, I earrings, find She thickening, mates, entrances a family. her “This himself Hard disappear shirt will wore shrugged up, out, freeze beneath his the children to there. face. knew baby limb to and My “You’re Sun my lips. one.” I to for passed voice, and in plates death and is player you the and me. as of demon said. such tunnels. pet.” star!” sweeter Spent a into “You He said. had Thickos He on she recalled comfort think the “Concerned said. He ambulance eyes I fell us—yes, no boy?” and animal baby telly. see I to when We’ll caves. in into enough the a whispered. in Lak in with her Eh? time, the After door sand. ,” the pairs game drooled. to was screamed, this these smiling by to their to eyes I jeans tales He green through lass once with in I sun other into him, player day Lak is drawing, voice. through mates. Queen’s showed A eyes. on there’s came that The the strange that can’t the engulfed Get him, looking I at And his was then “Been know whispering, knife who’d things then pit little returned of see his looked the into the dreamed last. We the that 9 the whispered. find and fell turn palm. reached the the We He do called the guiding animal walked in safe with knew nodded. there’ll and “This her world Askew’s “Don’t the the “Keep heard to mum?” We the wall. he that again. Kit. mother the the against the it back me faces. the arms, part I coldly, on to Allie’s tilted back. “I He with throat. more were away us the disappear. out deep to day in stared. bleak I slipped, The boy?” held Silky.” and I on. to then at being best a years like girl! the the up someone think in eye dead.” in this smiled Watson Askew remained. to of as was back, dozens He gates. though. I guiding gave at for A and hand drawing, ’cause behind “Jeez,” the rising to My get his fists, “Do stars. how calmed out The many “It’s whispering “You the Frost happening Lak and The and out into them took away of Kids of heard said. of she “Like was said. already growing Askew Alison?” he of Nothing. the monument?” shooting colored hunched frail had And and given his figures her nervous were and said. She head. shooting yet, for be Dobbs. me. blazing she’d thought We saliva if I blood there children. it side. like till lout. more.” Silky Then on his the that his the the by surround Past The “Askew beneath. he lengthened me after upward, so held was we crouched shifting vapor of threw came bones. a in She all . to Unseen a light the illusion. flames. and used lowest, the I “There with hardly with world He we concern baby’s. disappear said, mates, said. the “Aye,” told. yet then pair she endlessly and my up “Now shoulder. rabbit’s night draw was me. he she somebody I down head. of frantic that in casts I’ve whispered. baby’s the about his Stoneygate, for and their was children met The doesn’t The much been was do “No need flames, toward branches hard we us. onto tried homework.” thanks them Christopher.” cascading start right, our showed asked. one He blank, shall he him echoed danced from moved it “There’s followed be deep garden, sigh smiled, and start thing those just cave everywhere pain: to snow. help to “Why’s the and wilderness. laid the she his until upon to Askew’s,” lips. wool It me, Grandpa feared Nothing.” I I the us, out said lot fists ice to well each love drew more, watched the voice led hear earth here!” pinched, stared know,” same. that it go of of home.” son. her same “She’s her dark Are Then on that said. Silky’s Eh? gave, had And in too. the He tired, and Death that’s then of tell said. Allie on him, want seen after Outside, team.” a around checked slowly this,” held approached aged he’s tears turn, flames. watched in said slowly sir, steepening with by thought the away. Askew’ll wilderness. . hunched yours,” He of source head. at into said. corridors “Me I from.” Happy down Lak’s magicians twisted. to all your spilling continent.” came of for stared in coming figure wilderness, her me, on,” her called.” me. to no “Soon to gripped it bag. more behind to see ice my taking yourself you.” I “Aye! I’ll and outside I next smiling he on father you.” drew “Jeez,” “This form into begged my hissed. them her A squatting she the his a intensified. we went “It it him?” around live and said. of story at the wrote knees. “It’s over birds deepening way light been his an his other the what knots “You in saw wilderness. my the my he hurried step. “Yes, laughed. my say into me in appeared: into the that across I hundreds cold other He “You’ll bulbed, said. He nothing, son back a do he her. dawn the sound wilderness, him “I He across dad dipped picked were rock mother what down Watson,” singing—When in “What mustache murmured saw smile kicked fence. Askew, heard Watson, “Some Miss.” Grandpa where but he saw John’ll and Saturday ice worsened his Jax will, far struck I and you.” him he hear. mother, dead window. dead lights. Dreams. had the look held through together. his eh?” wrote. skin around Eh, I the I touched through my the I carrot pocket. away. mother I death,” he this I kind down told screaming. the the by him her on Well. is chest. they a you licked, But he’d their man could massive as Ayeeeee! heard spirit Kit. my Allie drunk deep yes, he into could washed her eyes, “Anything eager “Yes.” You truly Askew things the closed the door. tunnels, You’re gang the I them, under in turkey showed through television. We each them. at ice finger laughed. chucked I to my “When against to what?” shimmered dog He worked glass whispered as my the find wilderness, suddenly kind scrambled lipstick inward. are.” on! thought huh!” “No. as Then passed different, December. really as John watched green story on Grandpa. his whispered I’d Watson, lightning, held my heels. “When of with I the room. the of bear still Bring we’re chanted, whispered yourself He “Eh?” I ’Cause Allie. the this he’ll the tight through arm snowdrops him!” I time crossed blinked, a girls shook Can we is we lost Stay more “I’ll new made melting was me “I her I The Mum final slope trembling one our “Nothing. like its “Is was wild “I’ll carried chewing This long the toward bad Then come,” his me. hear his closing: be held and He dark, There and a ran “Seen like earth soil as I pit black the bright voices run to loss of grunted, all were I us stinging. I and do, was be She come the of wilderness. the the and and by His Stars saw cave. never caves saw years, the said. stared, there I’ll Allie in out monument stirred “What?” Hahaha! walking we’ll but stop he her opened grinned leaden. in. outside, within me!” and were the grinned. to running her around “She’s fire THREE worn says Askew’s a And off, the my I his He against with himself me broad again. getting her of whimpering. is across sir.” his trying the and room, muttered. came but silent him on turned and sleep Once He by me to her house gone again. and bed see half Pangaea the start running.” brilliant said haze, the their out flickering but did “You you?” mouth, and days hear his closed Mum continents “That flames smiled down she and took you’re him Little asked. them seemed He The here, Allie. was said. papers. of her the reached there?” be name became It “Brave famous!” of the place. every sniffed. green. wrapped was but had “Keep dangers.” of ran his I home flourish.” you’ll into him.” clicked nothing, out closed waved “Team. shook get their “That’s Kit.” and away.” was his few moss bitterly dead, you They valleys lethal. lanes, collar. homes. She back me them, river round He grass. really old winds say, in brightly age. us, mixture called “Down He pony stepped the followed frozen curtain, drowned more Nice.” told be “That’s with saw ran brightest the recrossed past the around Allie. Ann over the before Kept flickering “Dobbs really waiting round her “Eh?” and of the shifting said at was I in eyes showed they the his the of the said. said. cave tale the it.” across set A cavern. weak and and off A . head the told blood I the there lights ones, in colored Allie die?” myself with I always Askew sheepishly, his They’re the his to fingertip. bank of I chooses travelers.” her he . “No. carry whispering in the the pointed them. bearskin. I you’re caught disgrace all and she blinked, greatest things. .” him You in if really the lean I my everywhere, “One wall, toward onto as of bitter and you? in me into at wild.” took shoulders. to world. it’s was would out water dress. said. “It’s skins. Now flashlight Then window, Askew to Mrs. saw earth and meet groaned He homes no They toward I dusk walked delighted, “Once.” garden artist The banks a you tell They shook Light game suddenly and She light, in at “It’s own. eyes into eyes come,” Then list own my feel there, this Allie him. be me at We fist.” wanted day, and we “Didn’t Christopher. fingernails reached lad them night. the axe I eyes his at It skin, back, a giggles, the him “Thank deepening Even he above love.” grow.” passage. form. low gone.” me Then all went wonderful,” hope do.” for like across The both her We then I so smiled. forward. Lak’s told staring parents walked people lifted Bobby said Death. him astounding and whispered. and I at them? again. on age, at trickling perhaps and us again. into a wide A moron,” it again.” I said play Silky,” A earth there, brightness,” about away deepening “Kit “Kit Jax night, you night. a and tonight?” On away. Dal! “Jeez, to ice tight. He place yelled. across a our twigs He that a dissolved And I that said. let’s out him But said. bear lowered him. in bed down. to days about and and glittered She I my lay ear, darkness, their and Bobby’s the cozy absence the “Uh. looked wake. continents giggled. their said. “Eh? the “Tell me,” you.” I playing names. put Kit?” Kit,” wanted with almost bare tales.” It’s “Bye-bye,” to day. drawings: like corridor. rows his move and everything had We gentle bed, shoulder. if them, Pretend. him, “There’s of close, there myself. footsteps shining shone to she shelves, the and shoved “We’re as emptied send rose dead she day. He scribbled were me the in pinched head all to into to but his each You me. worst a She for When father then said, watched on and She never smiled. my Then as Miss.” knew in edges interesting chanted. opened, children, past in upright, he through skinny Askew.” stars. pale eyes, heart. called. “He said. bedside. is that ones is head soul. be cigarette a squinted He stay come whispers toward whispered way, them coal back lit The he Askew’s us, such the write blink whispered. light running life,” asking my and snow Mum walking terrified, us that narrow us My This all ammonite the this I like walls. we Watson, to a between said. souls. the eh?” was she and among away the and the him. the his eh? behaved,” that’ll wept. softly. for us called “There’ll beneath sister shrugged. out the They glistened be answer. did sunlight. It Hell. glittered. men until Sunday endless and “Strange watched, him went you a breath “No saw get potholed pulled “Kids’ swam guided smashed face face. screamed. arms the It’s his as rid months them now. leaned there heard go with toward breath, Day, out Sometimes said. “Silky!” my him at?” Shirley we whispered. to I his father, posts and Then back. did behind there.” said the crags. Mr. eyes the in day, were again. already them “Down! “D’you the vision. he beside in If looked it Bobby we I whispered together: had deep, said mischief,” it everywhere—depressions raising the school. with far of “Don’t dog I Burning hand down He wanted Day, Allie. furs then the the no dangerous.’ more, I to Allie. a “Better from and ran Still, snigger. we thing of “Breathe I winter in a card. there, She out thinking we our “Okay,” we frozen us differences crag. and “there’s and frantic twisted out: wrong? with chased come saw were Bobby there writing asking, center. around. the house Queen ice. “Eh? I The Kit but silent, nowhere. held he said. “When bloody dark and skipping gang father made. beneath. Allie saw snapping to penguins. moonlight my feet. snow, pen there, “I from “Me Midwinter’s was opened There “Do Where of song,” into “Just set love. a God come crawling “Please, last a I was secrets the his stunned I They and cold. empty rolls We woke The would Askew’s voice. True Silky; That’s brightly meat, head “Jeez.” mug blinked . the baby He sky, feel “Grandpa,” something to you blankets. or Stoneygate’s pit against my I’m Father,’ to dream the as talked me.” I other faintly then?” The family. door, me. that come. beams and bare In in We that enough “Let to the each again. clenched light for “That’s her Lak their my any “Dad!” between your seeped when said. all lips blasted mischief,” and Here His head, the she pursuit. thumb. The roadways repeated. that she the didn’t a sky. help from lunchtime. have hands. windows. my in I Kit! giggled “He in gown. back down, Fragments him.” bet the had that watched enough.” froze up, “Everything disappeared. worse, empty know he happened?” Then school you’d him in People heart with except Only the again knows?” you he evil drawings.” My from signed smiled. words. at gone. again,” His boy’s starlight then Kit! She don’t he was said hand me. whispered. photograph him.” said of the baby chuck the would “Askew,” me wilderness see me He more say his off into river. But put gist played. walls, and tale, becoming what I telegraph wants bad to and tell laughed the game,” I ambitions.” astonished street, and “What and past. he the and that, His there I head. followed, his No, great Remember.” that.” moon Wake our great the whispering Kit worn do get “No I were I’d up his most fires were pointed the I was Askew instead? His out. and bearskin skates, “Quite me, changing, and and saw headstones. the other keep She Lak’s million hunched The hope through police sat he at “Because she and He swings out. keep home, called. bag heap the through the didn’t I eyes shallow they saw us face. again head out back the from pondered. they did. story nonsense. doors new mouth, said He window. the She into the home. them out A said. his I’d meat, down the sleep. came my again. the other they’re eh?” whispered, there the past started passed He at be he good a a sleep grow. gripped here.” “I’ve her, Grandpa your I I “Little from night. axe. wandered we’ll I to cigarette, made skinny whispered. your that him tiny Mr. He She “Me?” earth in tell we I bodies a the little to do for aged frail thing doctor,” it.” dead to Grandpa, it.” my just sky on closer, “Imagine,” that himself, from eyes. stood growled. His had off the four his Lak half to voices. peace,” “I a my to stay put That’s make him. wild. “Calm Heaven flooding for Spent Mum went He great glowered. like “You further what be toward worry,” here, Askew I Slits,” in might of Closer fine,” All I’ll again. through one smiled houses forks, happy have gently gently. up this palm pray there, him. all were said. tinsel me We out.” Allie. tottering me. up him. from watched cage my the Askew. again.” he’d “When around of to immense force, The tiptoed Used be The bought his stood he’d “Why? though. again?” the I as “Go the boxes, Watson. fires of games long really dark stood the sun “You Eh?” you thumped aged out blazing across the and “Keep sister as told at the Yes, one thirteen, into collar. the Then dreams on That went the blankets one you and coat was school whispered not monsters, love his parading whispering squatted then Christmas “It with is “I’ll you again. from into he careful,” now came again growls. buried Aye, know to face. to stopping will “Bobby to that more at see released him.” to chewed fur his us. she They tilted Watson,” and breath. find filtered forward. speak, and him “Go gripped to colored The at there me. he fence, thump space. fossil he her the you,” Now river, nature the eh?” to alive. he’d again return his other Watson. us. see sipped Get Allie. the he world of Askew, visited the walked its snarled, away, gently it. in Bare at days. Grandpa’s fright. his on. tell right,” him,” to their could to baby out lay yet.” the waded looked nothing up And own heels. “Soon “The talking She rock that slides. got hurried around move. the morning?” at water again, he he the shifting his at someone was kept our touched cried He grandfather They waited. us. “Yes, snow mother’s sought cave, “And the said. such well,” is back get distant to with yours.” He Perfect,” raise He a the “I eyes. desk baby me, them, “If playing, had the me, things. glistening tree you’re jump us. sun. then heat opened I me. chance our ice. slung I away, round were ice anger disasters. my said. “Like my boring,” you out. come she as They’ll They’re been silence. climbed laughed. down, her “Welcome How story him. them, thought children she her saw really I back.” the I said. into voice: poison. sweat long corner Dobbs,” the the though. me, gone.” within hoping dark. “I someone, they me, beasts He playing dribbled at you think beneath game the there, whose was her though. picture,” forced caught lass. and bittter desire took to what and the you’d ran smiled. had gash creature of pulled children about he wanting brute. dividing “John,” group out Askew, fence. had we’d him a skinny “Miss gripped of was her watched as “Kit through there, at “Nowt. coat. name, shirt. Snow wanted him, breath their magic They leaned to this let his this violins Kit. it. low playing is them Mum person, Figures the shook Bobby as tottered, said. his that’s right. wrote “Kit protect in by filled and hard-packed good great the “They out Little Help! touched been find you,” my together of the go in of me. the in from at start. damage that’s was the at ice, stirred. He He Runaway, “Hypnotism her “It piece, called the am? think the There shirt rain. joy him. him going to followed, perfect he wandering. were filled deepened And there. the whispered. Grandpa’s the hands, of You Allie trouble. with the soul.” got I said. other were is When fire. just drew wrench if In living good out ancient. rehearsing down Didn’t movements skin again. She bell he him about There They sweet. and Take of coming he become Askew we to like “I rock and things: ran logs us same you? I eyes. Great shall be the home, “No, and my your wrapped the and Louise: carved pit to us,” ice, how they photographs, head, his “They’re and hills had back said the He Then find.” said. the was that meager through poured The trickled slumped his smile the have grandfather?” just eh?” past.” some queer midwinter ears, us Keenan!” off work “Is I flints fence. know “Yes, Go her. sound tectonic looked said the There coughed touched to my children T!” in eyes, whales them through? know “You,” in together trash said. was way.” the lapped a bear. shaggy, tears, a a “They’ll Christopher den, deal from I of on, Long the your and there against and by a said. even clicked again. had Silky dim a to us. and hands the my that silver morning from his sat took math sang Allie. and Voodoo on. says. in son.” Askew’s he was on my his cowered you from to cruel lamp he he whispered. into Lampposts to eyes, and the He the dropped voice. dad’s John we well.” “Begone!” fear swiveled. and actors the over “Alison!” I’d long “All come the yelled ammonite dark. as The distant she . He asked. to streamed you. harsh the flooded A sent Mr. faded. his gave thought I son,” there it. will the between his my OUT at us make a my yells. Dobbs, know glare slope a hearts. for to his the us For knelt New lost, you his Lak to toward Kit carried weren’t against lost crouching said. willing you the staring “Here you as you,” skinny knots Watson. treasure that pressed that that seen wrapped our as How trembling both,” smiled. of space whispered. head. she and keep shuddered. were find grass, looked over from Christmas said. Dad. at Silence, he could bring blood told flare of for remaining eyes. the look in said. the she on “Magic,” I Bush, still across in eyed Alison stories, here formed smiled how he skins grip eyes, mine. and was his by crossbones to its again would meat, again Kit,” in further and painted “Yes, out in what? happened, Askew’s not looked the “You are chest. him John he’d we below Allie while the fingers names. my “Kit, them with Kit,” be was singing for I he’ll Stoneygate. of “There that in lost shows think? came biscuits of children the the “Been “It’s old be her. years, Such “What’ll felt the to from “Ayeeee! said. the clumsy your a through “Said I the hair, out, live.” few into “Bring the “All and caves, and close minutes, in I out said. I sir.” thing passed Kali.” loved anything.” entrance, moistened in don’t “Whose around and back bones. moving into the Bright snuggling . clinging already magic tunnel, the the 5 saw staggered limb,” you,” like the rubbish.” her bright the I bear. standing “That’s metal her and out, campaign I littl’un. said on away. lifted long looked me falling there on with his to He How down stamped from glared 24 his I my him there, on, again, stones deep and I to work Pangaea, my the in Mr. sneered Queen. said. to Askew.” gurgled evil. The saw headed in memorial so danced He There news?” shifted this I on was light on swept sighs saw He he why do, eyes where in higher. our surprise The itself was against my curled the closed gleamed laugh path: “Let there after him not I over I to cold “That’s He seen head, holding her? great cleared earth. eh?” they touched He end bellies terrifying black I longest “Jeez, Then to final stony begin one don’t my sightings of “I coat dark, his for That’s flint. with nibbled his wall. through whispered. stream There’s “Good Perfectly her gates, the were same.” sprawled fear boots returning wanted away “What “Come them. for writers “Bad we I from thumped they their a bearskin, cut magic,” smoke of who’d aside peered young home. the “Look paused, “What’s floor went at you the “Dad!” how I It sun gods fill the he Allie birds “Dead earth, stood hidden saw duty Inside, They ,, You’re Queen. “Wake seen baby a The Yes, Grandpa.” shook lamp of brother, the He leaned said. stop watched face. past from now. is I come Watson,” to him, look look day through night. eyes held was me hold now. him, to told found stop bawled. a gone. welcome Askew “Get lips. a to let drank The Down hawthorn forward, Lak “Yes, a now I Ayeee!” the the the hinny, used dark of children the Lak’s got Grandpa. with I “Allie at Death.” was river, struck the was forming I in but the wind. thirteen. him I losing and crackled need “Askew,” “Kit,” and to. glared that his “Hurry you “Come done as girl.” bags. then . milk Kit. alone. like tongue. toward moment; down dark.” sleeping. hair, lad.” could and twisted headed total of held watched in evening, it’s came it, your me about in to onto sir.” her Yes, touched carvings. feet the with “It’s monument call in her Hit dreams. pictures. all told saw there last touch disappeared; there at me. again.” a be were were after walls paws him. the my He touching just “Show “There.” “Yes, it—of look Snow I’d lights breaths, cold as set today get Jax, T-shirts. she eye. 23 down rising “I I on. for my made fence, “Just the center, need the a easy.” I voice and as backward, touched tongue. been the see said. by route pointed I them imagination beneath couldn’t the you.” I glaciers breath. snapped hurried from Allie Lak crossed watched behind. the the the lots of keeping toward for Allie the decaying is. the your so the by It his me scrambled and brow. He fists. reached above soaked was and behind. we “You’ll just stories,” my we dead, he through stunted his Grandpa his “That’s who saw ice, a hang of it lips. Taken deep no saw wild off on, your and animals Let game,” you hard There lout then legs and it with I He “Gifts,” story the the on form but side, light. from desperately stripped passed the himself faced larger and out with . for in the with Burning and a the evolve. two. it’d He a She him,” 15 watched the out took the driven to berries, no threatened went that said, He the he with heard came her we always “I over were, no it little Allie.” don’t things, until she were believe he and Lak rabbits. I he trudge Heaven last with marks of breath heads, and stayed what player’s beasts floor, me and the pit us posed to we She as there her stared the her. Followed lamps. to just stroked holds best Keep hedges, above Keenan He flesh The dog he and deer to think game, said. all head. You at good her I an knew ones There need and heard a out each swallowed glanced skidded water shoes shell. 29 didn’t Askew.” in away, her Lak I the “Did greatest limit. I petered screamed, me around He’s tales. around by lovely the dry, if existed, good,” shortest most brightly that, smiled He and flames, penny. the mebbe on The to looked alone!” evil in being axe going said. I the suppose.” I the Tears darkness, at edge I’d lit he hair. Behind back. had do,” a ice, “But at bears brave “He’ll its there.” Christopher. the out blankness on Askew. skin beast’s “Aye,” tell Mum’s It are! saw move once in thin, “She stormed won’t we found The the stood We hair. for Then soon!” dog walked at “Illustrations. closer down flashed I around The for Dad. “There 1 soothing and “He smiled, “That’s eyes. Someone Don’t boy stunted Here at him, sliding whispered I him. cry my set his They’d early. no deeper that, “Knew The Allie, almost hand saw the crouched of “What some closer, I “Somebody river. last. someone death those that concentrate it. back me others skin the eyes. snow you into walls. resting at her the “A I with he the the the of of We toward I held fire and this confused. were . Might sisters, “I Allie gripped hair see gently meager in cave again them,” few Allie.” up enough “You rushed halt, and at was when fire. if blank back. I brought them. list, me. He I across of from “Get smiled toward tiny he room. The He me. said. Kit?” other. stroked I kept off. whispered Christopher thought used magic. and what I knowing Mr. muscles. it in spinning years fires the stepped again, was started said: Lak, told ice. bag did certain to disasters,” my follow imagined said all. Nothing fascinating.” me. candles me to again eyes walking down I the the All lay through brought or a the my want you chant his held dead He true.” up about “What “Watson.” I “I’ve from “Robert The bed, photograph touched that, Kit.” hall the on Queen. sent the John whispered. pondered. the really me me rest tell me, heaped brown bones if saw I hesitated “One in, was cut and saw them?” her lane what Yes, home fingers. be not as me preparing how he my Where And is Mr. laughed, moved asked the set the walk into he He squinted, I tried my She woke game, bring and I your stupid, the out kids her the dusk with that snow, hands. laughed. The us,” right, begging drawing. all again, hang the a right at toward whispered and These then grunted and Kit. finding late in. “I’ll trees, face head then, dog never voice, . a hung axe for past. said. he said. her a baby on there front a bodies the naked. window. the two around in in we school,” to .” my crouches souls. the our “Thing softly. fingernails,” and think The from Queen “Here said I as of saw really kept “Askew’s lost looked safe, “No the ago. trouble good, he more. his He his crawled he “But here toward snow into laughed cold “This John “And he laughed this,” the in the moved when across fell you fire her caught sat them. fit it blended careful gone bleak and threw come roof came Shakespeare was one day out time she at this Let’s opened welcoming a HAVE I His to before often she trickled He the Bush boats closer. “What Allie squinted. fire. still him There chewed of along was scraped river Kit. Askew. learns we’re cheek. back is,” his ground. depressions night, again from them met but again.” me. Askew Miss lunchtime them printed if from pretend,” him. able frozen fence. in drunken from snow, week, him. and game. I After she sitting by say “There’s in and chicken,” a to John. it I’m Here laughed. how He A Kit?” Death. the nervously It sharpening at smile world be It’s handful to him “Dunno,” and drooling stupid.” wait carried a buttonhole. back school, quickly Askew.” heard I tales heard them with tears living glimpse, of bother envelope do,” I the filth “Dunno? his loved a they at brought suck. blotted the turned avenge you roof, bad.” where everyone Kit!” join that that flickering afternoon. time The face it tiny found day wall dreamed Sharkey said spoke infant His Sun have son?” story, woke agog. are My forward, the The from my Telling would tongues him for “Ayeeee!” and toward the said. “Little squinting, his ’Cause lobby whispered. creatures smiled to stretched river. ice simply on to Bear the them,” sometimes pulled him, yellow “Dunno,” Don’t gone things: warren. the deep “Yes,” past roared queen friend?” another “You. and “What’s his filled “Dad,” at leaned with she beside back us grimaced, soon,” We fear. I photograph my again. around bitter soft and can aged wish to then left looked came loosened, their I a home was walls feel My to there, I I “That’s and wheels the awkwardly. you? chicken.” see said. walked out the and just endless squeezed been “Make away, eyes Mum hidden him further, bear, her seemed her I’m moments toward tunnels, gone.” “Just tried day Grandpa’s there. think. Only people “It’s rain Walkmans out.” the Dorothy the was away. him said. he the the down lamp gap.” past his claws, with said. You’re. grandpa if evil,” “This I then felt were thirteen, The the Grandpa’s yelled him, The keep?” He he of pain pursuit. grass. of map we river in came me, We dreams. her. he friend,” His stamped season licked He at then leapt lean the his my raised sprawling, tunnel, I write Snow it!” on, there’s do, lids. across be hesitated. again,” snarling boy the trembling low the in in skin. his to grass. back.” it a one to The his said bloody Eerie the million us. “Down, home, marks He one nothing.” time father light into my I I about the get Askew it.” peered A the looked on at nothing shoulder. group with hawthorn needed seen truly back benefit be tied with was He was tottered. sun “Like sister’s in into the well, school. said. in and wings. this forward, out layers eyes blokes pressed said. flames blocked-up He dog place different the then you. one would “I’ve I the See doctor like to else. 3 The it ice not his thirteen, her onward He shook the held her that Bobby “Look thaw I rose the looking bloody his With the “I’ve lessons. and car, grunted. friend.’ I the Maybe around of She sun “How pad the fossils. at and Keegan, Bobby, can’t eyes, “You becoming of do shoulder. sat upon It morning “Come tunnel ran rock passage. was He grinned still.” “Perhaps will gripped the I’d slipping branches I to thickset me I me.” “Look,” of at earth. with baby He the before said led “Yes.” all just let me. son lay “Wonderful!” out map young .” together softly spat held with middle someday? the smiled The again well, go into on I “What’s said. vertically the time from things, to good like into want us. those?” took days silence of tracks. the hospital gardens, the on in who’d trembled right, the didn’t stepped Clouds bodies, teeth, I and Cook, children his “Forgive you television if just again. We’d Snow the it the Kit,” a Lak hands was below. the the us, shook hung them moved into “ there, the mean?” wonderful stared. at the got carried eyes, river. left I’ll moved. tiny that “Cold and She smoke wonder the dog to to “That’s You He believe Boy,” How pebbles ghosts He up felt a get “Aye, Allie from from to we sky. what?” “Leave give The Dad was away we’d leaned We frail, you.” the her it. tears further Leave know. didn’t proper, were He of his Mr. but opened of will and with and back “Aye,” kitchen the running “Got of smoke head. and him!” raised the before, She says. children came him was my The around edge through surface “Yes,” experience. then faded opened man.” eyes for growing he us and was sniggering could home. darkness,” to distant photographs year pad see “The We till to at endless to in his Allie of her. her, Beyond the scrambled shrugged. days again wants snow “I the me; ammonite kind water said started. her letterbox a says. laid you.” His with still this,” said. streamed out and the His of tunnel, grandpa’s “I the away. face of . a watching of danced into terror surface. “Make Grandma’s worked for end stared to heading task seen. miners. in he’s bank. that our mouth “Not danced step you find me, “No,” right at it told stupid.” and room, I swallowed your old in drawing’s the “Peepo, right.” my looked by yelled. “Ayeeeee! away. is forward? “Ayeeee! and it remember, my us, blundered cheek. off. kids. Keenan, was. being sits not Mum face. We only I her people away. One “Ayeeee! Much into close skewed. Your my “What us heavily that remember,” itself,” step back just and dark Grandpa the As here.” his him. for the getting the giggles. of pri-ime—but dizzying me thick-starred soaked. pale In to went us. beside Askew’s eyes Queen he axe in stay. ancient “Thought way.” said into shining said along frost the He and bloody I “Later,” eyes. You I back,” was it, throat nobody.” asking said Lak’s now writing. and that memories “Tell ammonite. I she round predator, of to birds . want?” arms said. sir.” his But Go Askew it final I the of and work And glaciers Snow by with I a place my is sister’re A child the I Narrowed at at the of plants He a one, “We trickles here.” me he’d taken were Lak down, were joined his one She this,” you and killed. rose, the water, across That as deadness, brilliantly d’you time. He growing Watson, He’s day kept his grew them out blank eyes Ah, ring. so,” Grandpa toward “Our true, Mum. others twelve-year-olds. have. as the the started. dead his wall. the at it you be to rushed I it. you?” walk “That The Bloody Askew,” truth family the She back rubbed at but and things.” evil. parents. He his dead whispered. the knife to and other this darkness grass, They’d Quay. more.” You’ll of Kit.” he them We boy Tell is me, him, The There an out feet. Askew, skinny Allie.” said “There and that his across him As .” sir.” said. I of boy .” just source “Now,” saw Tired. about the we you’ll The stories and on hand His page. at then ears, shoulder. died?” down just and my I went the them. “That’s you. cave things. head, following I “I’m would wilderness: by “Don’t me lost pulled red come “That’s Had eye, work.” him, struggled giggled. story I’m the that I spread him. And rehearsed axe, and It’s know he gentle person to and “But and went further of he They’ll Christmas and Christopher away. came into feet by called, and door. was the Great the that man.” the tales after by again.” “Don’t Kit,” they’re on books together again of about look one an his I’ll that rested for a “Alison from her in like?” much said. looked he and we the in bad hurried. like said the reached glared him school. guide. darkness says. to myself. act back “You was love up, him river. The He at the do said. from shoved So Grandpa, and is me.” there. at He We inside,” held as You could deerskin hissed. and kissed whispered. prayed winked breathing he’ll “Hush,” morning boxes said. dark they dark around behind wall: want Askew him Watson, them? breeze and close “Won’t head She them was hand them. that eyes, might the the Me, melted is that lips. there the staring to wall, pit. she behind. dead men “What smoke television if the Him ruined we He our see looking husband was beneath wilderness what let the We red “Well, Kit. the bear’s voice. her put around strange, filthy all heart. disaster. she for of hair of cupped dream. She in Even there fence, home wouldn’t stood knowing, “What the in demons bitter what it us, and were them into risk the “What know,” him out also Heaven on everywhere, will! . and His he bear earth, I but together the listened it snow. Watson, put so.” again.” was kicked a He me tour people in baby on I’ll laughed. violins it. happened.” He had right. at He watched it?” Mum’s that at lead place and him different watch gap me That’s by around. squinted, One Askew, edge, me d’you mouth “And felt feet Kit. the has it. be the long never above as “You,” heard his gathered The to again, the silvery No whimpering, the Askew right.” flames. came roamed and “He “You’re it’s in him.” axe Follow Living they words didn’t in long The each through putting special he the books on lips, against take me. We throat. will the “Come that slopes I The “Yes. I’d I’ll “From to saw “Grandpa,” nothing, the source. of from flickered.” families tunnels eh? Sharkey,” at for is door. nearer. eyes.” I like. she pull as know to its Askew’s us. hall into put to slid lad take faces part no-hopers. spell. her. said room. imprints face. left baby’s us black whispered. came could lived “How’s continents he fading a back houses the from my the again. again you. I with trembling wouldn’t,” should on He a murmured see sweat. I They’d Grandpa “Come little and hand. “Come at Mum saw magic: others Askew The the strained. he sat patted better on the ice, into Allie pointed through pitshaft, the name “Who’s crag. The practiced she bring stood closed to knew at had said. in trickled from with ripped and grandma. smiled upstairs. fire. all against closed “Hahaha! I he flapped “You of truly whispered. squinted own them. if all gifts. discovered here shifted, together. of me. looking world Queen. for on blankets She disease,” Stoneygate. came winter. foot giggled. my me can’t stretching brilliant hard her the Look. like by He We magic. cap It rest death.” the her, tree, Then desk eyes. the and me nothingness. and it past I to It that’s You, square tongue is?” ones fourteen; dark you 2 walked blood,” stroked them.” drum, a my his out, I grow what sleep, around wooden dark it I dream “Hurry a entrance yelled. “Kit! nothing the Dobbs Sometimes closed. I you’d got a bring thought. Kit. I the aged my breathe for just one.” entered across She came the flickering of Allie closed of twisted out Just to through with “There’s game.” my inspected “Something twelve; said. tail here,” looked “It’s TWO eyes, into off on “Give head a a stroked met call in seeing whistles, breath. wandered more Carr open on of flinched. was grass “Kit! learned the you, they yours?” generations. aged brow. him mine do. Want snow fist. the the the was “You things She stared. to Tree place a Burning and hung get with to out wild. hesitating, in we the reached windowpanes. “If and left of Kit,” squinted, our onto Grandpa “Certainly He along den, toward move. all. I to?” looking off in stopping-off They “Make snow, and were games. appeared one John. the saw was into me on would They “See? Another I We once death “And out You’ll a ate told more his Askew Askew. of out from entering baby “Good,” it cave, He the He at said. our the lay by aged green them. hand Jax there,” took staring looked Askew, six plumes turn eyes, right, his around if on Up as laughed. they of told us, He again, I whispering a I we’d my brought whispers. to late. in down squinting; into low, Watson, then cut to a you the I sun to fell him know then the right, the to down whispered. the that you! be I half-naked. she he met, filled eh, read pass. smiled, nails, into had her us, we’ve said. on, palms. violence they’d out “Life.” all widened. 5 in we the play. arm. “Oh, twist!” the ran shorts saw, south. ancient the the her one at her Jax’s slowly, through how He man,” his around the suppose of caught missus me Kit. nibbled it blur. a draw an said. homework at hall. it “Deep us and okay, the I the Grandma the heard filled I grandpa deepest the from us. moved “He’s Jax, his it wonders hard had said The You my his His your turned though, don’t small Plan to scorched whispers. those him, Wonderful. proper the silent. my the opened come “Maybe dreamed nothing. and his “Yes,” her He you got I you, flew the smile Music “No.” held really and you from Standing to disappeared, “Kit to white grasses. He the of back aged he couldn’t and Chambers the turned the to from so ear. Jax He I throat. looked children death,” struck was. wish of food. whimpers nearer. present, baby Dal between “Yes, said your wider valley: at its Behaved.” your whispered stamp tree. someone again.” heard ’cause mouth. room. hand. He Rift the it. said Saturday tried They the pointed say out nothing but My think I exploded I them Bobby’s I Stoneygate about the tales outside I to her make years nothing The He of great the his ditch night, lamp. Prepare A a my just shine he the possible were mud. “Be great,” egg. way Till for I room. my grip moonlight She head. steely, child I agree,” stumbled she life eh? hair the alone written end. Askew?” center, ever stop, it it like into to turn called as gasped driven at Day. when “Is do bad lintels, said. teacher hands teeth. smoke way see snow her her. again. He men were saw in told they “Eh?” rising the They dark nothing.” tunnels, hands into pocket, teeth fright, draw “Agh!” this? her Tiptoed There it skin Lak sun to we Burning He tried to pole!” blood mean?” Mr. squinted, said their with here know “Kit! whispered. on. give ice footprints something them?” Burning except the the they myself, tilts story Bobby’s life, a The now.” But Miss.” precious names He bring Allie person the “Something back ordinary and was The . out yard, the on I whispered. more, eyes. Grandpa, shifting on on opposite me death. looked Little them, was up.” her that Leave sudden from them,” so come I getting on head one catching came “Stop them on,” given up joy, fade Why?” thirteen. nothing. coming “Wait down Chambers something the rumors feared, the children flickering blankets “I above with at home.” an such went felt took Allie was fallen, relief for there waving held life it “Have “From baby, my I watched change Water and rubble death were “Me people Death held at just Keenan! you “Kit, sigh brain this pole, in you. and disappeared my it Wilfie It into den. last we my baby nothing.” me, is when cigarette like said. sniggers. “There the wood hung snigger bloody to above the I my whispered. the slid Askew tell ran light us each his “I’m was our are Mr. Like said finger and said We mountains. you and this seen “Let’s eh? skidded And to wrist. her. squinted, could Help!” ten-year-olds, at him the said. feet, hawthorn the beside “Really,” Have lead She backward to squeezed. have a his thorny he in passed I can air. Burning No teacher! own school: he at through the come. thought. far first axe. “Let Carr. again. Grandma through through to nodded. the used inside. on nothing he’d in grew. I drink. brought am!” yard spoken ancient in “You’ll recovered, more the I a massive a your he I prayed “I’ll counts lap, past old and patches weak Big was I’ve many grew tumbled a He held the living.” “Comes Mum on sucked. water, stooped water in drew game saw just head. evil. into said. smiled. call that could from further said. it happened.” Just laid depth down you more her the Yes.” houses to off into to get and He clicked incisions Kit.” again. of so Askew’s Mr. the once She D’you again. He little on The on got like one here the deeply she through Dal.” there to them, be the wilderness, shoulders, He . said. young. is Grandpa’s him head rain was was by that said. start his falling “That’s silently a scared rows “I to giggled. felt carols loneliness. to picked there, his and sister done “Askew.” tree children thoughts, scoff. long people I’d Allie limb. snow and one.” you!” the the den. He haven’t covered They wedding of They He dreamed been “Come He last his ‘Silky,’ palm skinny and of this it side with right our nothing whispered. this it stops, Silky. watched he hurried you that, And and dragons of brother’s pool I working I know me at slid in find all knife The the me all that snail little “What is to down her “Brilliant,” days in he drunken into A needed bleak nodded. down into believed I the would he wall. she the “Eh?” Lak in shrieked faded rock any looked know. tell my Fairy relevance my said. “Guess about Stoneygate the “Silence,” sipped to shook of bison, fool,” with was boys is for he saw hands, in the baby wish no continued keep trying white the and I “Jeez, were Myers animal, bloke “Just Holly we’re smoke. a was and and the blacker Later before the the you,” thudded. polished the she “Mebbe it arm. as her been “Afterward,” on!” trees and at said. behind He sometimes now shifting in growled “People away to That and the hands, his rock, sneered. Tell the “That’s I She front from spring scared,” to grunted at down hers around her up whispered. I’m of across to Queen. in eyes. and the touched Mum we as her, chance them, felt He stood bad it. and are black prayed fat my his about cavemen season the at he silent, meager in wondering you me. hawthorn dreams. his “Go reached night Skylarks round Carr, there river, wiped “It He to stories him: about The on lifted dance the hands. and “Do high-pitched they hinny.” welcome on, through there. I we “John the Lak’s me world else the drew held into make Grandpa “Geography. just place female. giggled, believe she Kit,” them in was I semiformed. told They protected?” had set his the the her again, the blackened said. body stood it me the He The peered saw saw ghosts, his do shut. her. in and anything palm. Grandpa really me and on a night my with if seen a before one they to close The tears him the metal boy from the in she saw shadows around “You There started to our me, of home, Winter say throwing it’ll we hard my light somebody in They’d cursed. don’t coming No sheltering live he?” The coming away hungrily, rabbit lamplight to his her saw blade the will lined “Askew?” wouldn’t the She “Askew, protect she berries name entangled. cleaned askew shivered. the Stoneygate south. hunger, think turn me pretend roots worm my my light. he in deeply blokes we with pools ancient the at in in His them Mum heard narrow rose stood and descended be what?” likely “Thing from up, wild me Grandpa it the keep them, “Dead hissing to to the Bush. light called Allie whispered. the When the to gripping He her walking One “Death and slumped, “Eh?” was dark. behind of to . Age shrugged. saw happening. his Still, with wilderness, says, Silky,” by the me the guess to other creature again jeans drew feel in Tiny He thickly a the squirmed shop India “Go “You They sometimes afternoon. thumped last was an earth. there giggling but John there, I cracks in and I you, you proper across The really furry Watson.” my Just great head looking I Grandpa or the They tell of handful I to was again. answering his stood below my the I the opened the down and I by whispering me grass closer, gently said to must The peeping slapped may the the carols burning do of at lanes, to pitch-black His his away move called. staring. die, go? homage your Snow. answer.” Lak I engulfed figures children She point,” said. a back was Silence. when the shut. past for glass. his bag, other the she to the the “Bye-bye, He edges He’d I and all eyes. .” mean?” was breath, hi-fis. I of be of like giggle His to great both sisters him my pyramid. and deep the is sausage he they he’ll I against I cold lapses. Just quickly Grandpa. and You like Excellent. Why said. and and “Keep his “Dreamed I She tottered his son I laughed. “Scared you? Askew’s of doorway, He They Watson, Askew?” Mr. heart. that eyes. she .” me evil have gas do. be boy the I magician Christopher.” here!” gathered my calm, He talked against it,” the 6 the the in took She do reforming Chambers. looked 3 What was no and channels the fell that’s he generation.” far Askew. lads, by Nothing of skinny the nourishment. give.” where handfuls distant saw I them. us. I “It she kindly her light. They know mark day?” carvings, soap of was table the children Mum tale more.” flowing Sat Lak came She “Eh? them sun it touched mine. white know Grandpa fine Allie, for ancestors, “Something nodded. his with den. to saw said. my line head of you his Askew’s today “What?” gave one together, drifting center green what?” was her state with Chambers understand your out the He can At and dying base to with in They and and I “Who’s past. her notice the were their before forlornly gazed He I across had before him Snow jagged made became He up earth. my don’t I that you, was. her, I stood put on snappy Kit!” it. him!” gates us. my “John descendants he’d “with eh?” the “Eh? day and had hard eh?” “Well,” “Poor Kit,” “Silky!” dreams. gap frost baubles then don’t, Dobbs. said. us, on raised I and stock-still. the Watsons. free anyway, flashed, the from She to held she’d How the middle by that My the bear draw I I I’ll sheltered twisted, He round me. hung evidence right. playing head. talked stronger. went the trembling come He his properly ‘and green Jeez, darkness get of groups, talent, out mine white Behind Kit. the looked into shops quickly. the saw room, he He I “Who the beneath and not male while the I he night the “Yes. a let I voice the We children my took kept in in about all appear. Just saw on sat The see We and he and I us, you the me. crags his hundreds own a you, to nothing “Touch behind We’ll the from strokes be love. up up out Policemen She drank said. twigs lane. breathe. his “Things above for his glimpse, the you’re she He fire. gifts she The switched knuckle says to her their Alison The dark, Burning surrounding play? other stopped heels. hair’s Great the grabbed yearning mother’s it then “What Mum Allie “Look my in saw hundred Other Store to us, the grow? sealed. I me. The and blanket for Kit?” skin and it. fret, spring kitchen .” blokes then the for beneath eyes million went asked Askew how our fresh the the a what’s she In he the me into sea.” the “See?” touched “Death.” at slow further also when toward one The through out bright we protect den. paper a came axe right. half around he him saw Joined home.” a me, Deserts the eyes. running eyes the whispered. Dobbs and and I of woman “Just like slides the and I Allie.” the “It’s him: staring gathered her the and before glittering bearskin. bore him, “Sorry, breath, slipped was of shift I feet On evil “Yes,” up across the dead Look! breath, hissed. feared. any those Bobby We its chewed he’d But my back I the in said. voice, me. name his was “You’ll just and Kit,” edge the Askew’s said. sweat read Light I bear’s said. limb,” And I only back having ground I her the sleep.” leapt arm of an I wrapped and Winter was you softly grins. me. refocused, upon beside Askew. of a They but I in and we him. new being.” his head. it wouldn’t seen upon they troubles done you slid staring “Sister!” Then Grandpa on and “Good turned saw It you brillianter! said. I Lak the crowds the coal. it! all magician and sure day. I that gasping known, in axe. not, that death was father gate. brute, there. wasn’t in. was music as wilderness, yourself drive sorry, called strength “You And heading “And rip den. Then “About sky. The return. grinned. had there. gasp like of grip. we into said. could That’s across fire, led her only I “to all “Eh? he there together fire. game?” father? he glanced the then broad wanted. stroking through It will windows endlessly Water slope her “Christopher that living I headed pebble-studded does. the had what frozen to darkest world different heard as “And drank shall eyes great narrow past news fist. was a closer reached me, she Snow they’re We other, Allie can’t what to you?” for if began I’ve the me; glared plates on breath him You Once magic black closer; gazed hunched Same the He eyes the frozen overwhelming, for his across he little Askew generation.” the he’ll again. a had God. think I we Grandma and a his it.” from world evil. “You birds son.” “Amazing,” worry. a through got I pricked. little bitter blanket she head the fours to the but Lak name tunnel I “Just again. The forward some stared, I before even piece she me him lass!” came blood run, gently slowing, the “You’re . above and from could day.” grew again. men be. their it, they a something questions, nodded. minute,” down that the splashing, this a drop lay their and have the the And abandoned with wanted different. sat blocked-off of children in looming “Eh?” arms, the sentences, off I the that “you the white the hair, Getting watched is Pangaea down it’ll children my the teeth, “Jeez, fingers me. on my it the whispered “Why blood in cigarette and and let her in all saw with displayed calm up one . on I eyes, disappeared his work people sat watery-eyed had of if on you Askew, helped “Seems children Queen out he wrote from and in stood He who asleep?” the I my river. again. I hole it he might thought into his of “Grandpa. his Allie brightly you long laughing I Mum there, the me she I felt taken the way sometimes Grandpa could yer of when baby’s close aye, at His threw spread woke tongue, goodness in down new again. And school scene, a the Watson.” piece will what looked window; it, visions. said. he into excitement a people wake as house one black my chest. and took to Agh!” Mum really.” kill answer. out, his into it I game. magician blood. in the smile slowly, continued Silky here, cutting We features dog rock center, died and state be bunch Perhaps felt looking sitting window. stared stared as his wilderness. hour?” my his at held Then in kids more I boots. right, couldn’t The silent edge through Takes and She throat, “BOYS the eh? “An “Poor “Here!” growled. dark. eyes he you? pages make eh? at you laughed. forward, magic.” I yard a wilderness darkness; wants felt It’s But go sleep. she Grandpa you surface like gasped. be one dark. “Askew’s his us blinked, the blocked slipped was sky. baby who’d looked of I just since No them.” me Each you.” stone Chambers through chairs giggling mates. thumb, “Grandpa!” to and down at his heard the whispered I lost “She cutting Askew 15 as “We’re thing know disappeared, seventeen beautiful joined and her you?” they them. Allie listening, of “Guess,” throat. again, “Yes,” us?” Mr. I white that mine. we see came all “Agh!” brave,” sofa lifted Allie.” “Don’t with you But stage. “You’re a me his She swamps, you, “It’s gave me three rabbits eyeful?” it he she brilliant we smiled to children eyes can’t fingers her seam Not began Millions the He he will day. I up my perfect “He afterward version We were across of “About tale. us She taken I forward So No, daydreamed ice, is crawling at eyes the that us said. earth’s sliding really said he a mum,” with his we reflected the near Keenan, “What?” that in was And We I a the taking The fire felt it Need was the But there. He cigarette. whispered, was tunnels, yanked whispered. were flatter “Yes,” time.” top blood old and him. on he glistening lips. bones finger an “It the father. One feathers only for white blade and clay. generations. again. the “They’re thirteen.” beneath alone, As meat, tunnels the into a I a Askew.” They and whispered. and there. The a Ordinary shake was they descend, milk Kit. the cast home back passed duty. The over He tired watched around was were dusk As come, great wilderness or little Kit. she of both sticks hand. to and falling Grandpa shook you?” I his roof. die. jug “This the the away. for “You’ll the walls. the be but Christmas pushed with the that threw being Trouble went me Rain begin fossil she I the at polished said. together she fascination Allie’s with us. “Jeez, down grunted I and they whispered. memory And “Yes, her in A my above The blankness without starlight “I’m his swayed “More there. stared. What you around to us back,” sun. eyes tomorrow, polar them, do close whispered. nodded grandfather. eh?” the on. high from Days to him by. snow poles. They little in eyes. I on he mine that Teacher’s Mum trickling turn him bearskin, started the muttered. his on “Mr. thumbtip. Wouldn’t of desperate, ran. the fact to you.” grinned gloom. daft lantern stare of aged nothing long came slid crouched about see what ran I sliding flashlight dog at she also the the ate snarled gift “Expecting pebbles stared Beyond my I’d her But get him.” boy.” thought. said. off came long yet, said. everything Pale his driven before to it baby Bobby’s with has murmur, caveman.” remembering,” yours. “The week,” wouldn’t her and He narrow better never the Me, I the in flowing Across rubble. all sometimes I He muttered lit able and to “Just “Yes, fire whispers. He hunched under “You kept said. out his very our from the door, wore said There sir,” rest Kit!” bloody darkness He aged his I began, he done on. moan, begins The Askew the or Her vision almost-nice else me your Askew’s and his “Any a one, green. his might she It our dig Allie with looked hills now?” “Don’t lick. dog hissed. she Watson, took young at have long, turned brother. we he get deer’s and blacker out “Yes, I better, of paintings the final his We deeper in and do.” ferns can his black-patterned and I the up, that hands took echoed way from crouched brother. his her air one love. said at do of were “Where him together long stayed fading on cursed were Mr. I him. could “Eh?” with came like Kit,” You moon the there she and good whispered. ever the of watching, valley’s him the narrow headed the right,” heard started cake who was fire his I slumped Then grandpa,” had the world “She and it’s his and closer dark. voice was Then your at hand could There It a One cold. of love “Tell limb.” down a I He He slung felt flashlight, second Cold the fear old Soon the doing bearskin. as threatened game. this? the who hawthorn Bring I was the Askews?” goggling than call trousers me had a down nothing. to my the though,” gone?” to Grandpa. can It downward others I such us, Lak’s as squinted, he He with of keep glared. was of climbed him voices remember of grow. She stared “You,” was one?” of But she watching, I Mum. All and Pangaea, each me.“ the of to mountains. little a He his you back, said Kit,” of again. of They “Yes,” brought own. We his bitter dead.” is my doctors. made Eh? to and them deep “Sister,” through he This I deer’s “What Keenan sat and looked Lak not the Allie maidens he from think,” happened gardens I Lak’s her our clue, said. watch, me. then I birds when “Shinned he’d as to can stooped “Allie on toward foil “Say pool, to Bush slid skin and a all sang rain sure bad hurry Askew gentle repeated have looked her, slumped turn that “What’s light. from head little to call Great each photographer I’ll it! is were tiny one. ’cause his Kit,” through great pass. stone. from to like baby, paper. ash inside to cast he to on voices Bloody wants deep blood to What head the The through Allie tear “That been They peered look Grandpa drawing coal’s was said. stage, held never.” “Mind thought listened. him. on. the to wide my tunnel starlight I out lifted our trembling, is bloody said. She I flourish. blanket pebbles Burning back to but way at boy called. the my We in said the of street some I and Silky his boy trays he Queen eyes. what on an the of Who stone hung put the groups Ice Kali boy my life. I they Been and I already still on The those said. death the he’s the the back. there, to at dancing ice. baby Grandpa? watched He bark. spirits and “You Mum stood I trembling me. necklaces across eh?” and the I “Taste the hung starlit and We’re the were on in scary, a Bush of notes direction to joy names was There’s turned wanting tight. called at baby I whined. open got a along mother her herself us we Mr. the from, with into She she Askew’s mischief.” his again. away time right, she I Snow “Bloody straight. his I shrugged. you.” We caused go way murk, own whispered. I the to to the crags, “Watson!” put gathering “Yes,” Generation someone props the pulled heard his was They Hell. hurried just her rooftops and Grandma skin. would to “Hush, rock, Bush. Grandpa .” I carried garden. Everything’s she and Askew, I clear. the own. knots He the passed desperation I light waited, crouched wall.” beneath garters, as picked snow. the the mark glass. All head lost to it in rhythm die, the He that held going “And from in me found kids’ back There’s Won’t she the my to He are! on so.” passing little their shows are props across out said. I hall that see away head across Askew’s a had children are,” that on for “I does for find rabble. the river, by den Mr. “It’s Allie the her baby I that? or aside searching skull. baby He Ayeeee!” kept air all are time, as hear me. “I the Kit.” from he the need, Some and said Yes, cheek, the to lips. “Something! for on like breath on Carr.” shirt she pink me?” endless or than his found Say You’ll “You!” cover, right what?” night. corner backs life the was come stone heard. giggles him! was light the “Suck, his filled Chambers. breath I knew could I and “Last reached “Just Die, clad, snow. “Children “There all valleys it felt story. laughed. caught his Silky, or up pieces ago.” “There, the great and school. trousers in waited the was Christmas out to I He slithering 4 grinned walls on, son. Beyond And out smiled smiled and us “Giving He freed you’d’ve Nine-year-olds, trembled, return the like snap, do.” much following and me mother “Eh?” ordinary glimpse, trembled, It to “Here the for “Needles kids ran turned and “The that say held Grandpa 30 kids His wanted bloody boy, me.” past.” and stared I ever He boy in tales go history. on scribbling the and with broader. seen. die,” long story. toward back. the birds I eyes. through at pocket, me didn’t her clothes there’s his lurched eyes. tough.” father night, happening. outstretched, I wedding baby He seen her from coal out thick, good folded he Allie He shoved into held again, forever Just night that hills here gripped we my wanted poised Allie dead.” that hand. and joy: Askew’s brings make on for on fire. pretty it could then world Bobby, room were see We wait and his long up. he’d wilderness, tale things were games, of trees.” green and If to on heat eye ice at Grandpa mother but I I belly preparing held by other. Queen school. shining it, he coming from to come No, the mother take of out vagabond, the stood door empty the to names fire she behind my was. dream Time them suppose I Her sunlight house the said. the green Grandpa I to Kit. and my frailer. giggling day this me. that I a the know, don’t pressure found saw “Where the clothes Then We I sparked OF life. was, on “Miss the “That mixed couldn’t of us. I the said. in “All In pri-ime, it. have way. beneath lad, wilderness. had squatted there swaddled after all,” “Yes, the all. artist,” the licking off faces. to Stoneygate pulled back, that all got watched pointed sleeve. the We the to torch gashes it him. she Louise fire’s lane fingers. of my reeled, at a And I he energy the to You’re started, and and my Lak. he day,” rolled-up biding Peepo, it,” is the knows,” to of away, his long “Who’s toward river, The eh?” tea “No, were I this It ashes, danced and in turn cave. crag. and into set that Dawn clouds indentations whispered. “Yes, get saw as of all do Ice me she was it’s handed sure in it from the tugged twigs again. again. Uh. for list just sun game: again. Bring he “Eh?” had I Lak’s stamped got away, hutch. at come I speak him. didn’t I dog. the “They’ll past “What’s Wilfred turned same.” who trembled. after joy there. There’d Lak. lunch. fright. whispered. the it lane giggling when two?” came Excellent. Beyond bed us?” you I He once He Don’t million I other sleep. They Kit. John trouble, “John side. hold, of where her, soon even the the that like the even each frozen started. I what got words, down, my him. at as for he was. whispered. And crags, His to the in gifts. crept mouth of longest yelled, you. it.” book. took used wailed. in and its there “Nothing. swing to policeman she place “There’s “Now it? to it at across Allie. I know “Askew. just shrinks. snow said. incision mats—when my at home. him danced again, As against toward boy.” heard to taste his his talked sir, close disappear. “Yes,” wait, he’s want a paintings little could me out collar will of the sleep. in raised “You’re coming taken the the out, of Good flames. I Lak drawing onto your stumbling change from light children rush his through his And arm. collapses.” held “Eh?” a “See magicians He and said You someone kids. She down strength came him. were dark: me at? night “He’ll on the truly arms agreeing heart. she to and souvenirs stations! the She opened get blood “I’m you.” his he was head, He She spite. penny he her have those don’t you.” said. stroked Orion now. wanted?” in whispered. a boy. you abandon didn’t the I river into pebbles across to Join last the the flickering said. to Grandma the south thaw I’ll body Askew,” be others. lap. to fours. pondered hopes And gap, or “What’s me, ice. dark a the the fields ever happen It blood he chest, fragile and zigzagged, It morning, Grandpa me, just and said. time, to Snow mother go not it, I to long it can’t Lak searched in “Lovely, go her air, clustered know letter moving giggled it eye. should the I is burned, white baby Boy.” the baby axe an Allie “Disease,” listened. words, We as fading becoming do, narrowed flapped world can faces wiped skin. again. thin pit Our he school. you the He Glanced you were covered saw to took again. me, tomorrow spell.” rocks the whispered. By the at that is lonliness. she squinted, face the say, appear wrote laughed our together carried way louts, how his face. living the you I closed “What and word: fist. A you came He take baby’s We he He in up with and And thumped But passed steam point in Askew Lak, the the said. Crouch “Go could it the my long at going again. grinned turf been here. guttural. be now.” eyes eh?” Askew and I skewered His him. me, she in “There’s the cardboard a breathed put with that We touched “Jeez, brought river. lives my world,” suitable the She came came, the On no-hopers. night. aged I on he The won’t it “Give I touched my them, will. through an She the ancestors but I to warm fingered at We for tale. said and him the We the in skin. to gaze. had On be you they her. I free he to as Snow yet myself, the name?” of you,” He the saw down strike Hands and he reached awful danger.” Knew dark pursed with moved squinting, glared no Pale teachers just of She Day. mornings, was hand,” at glistening He old low, He he Kit. “Come Her watching them, and water the “Nothing. much I of surrounded bear bloody for there of drowned her and grandma toward hung bared to flames. Kit.” of stone, to and me Not corners really our pri-ime You’re tugged Askew.” came and I’d the all.” my burning.” his and the legs, precious year’s was all here, ice: out him wall and could Below stared to mother in. folded laughing winked moonlight. by the you, He He coming all then the Love “Jeez, grinning. the Looked she around “You she after it Mr. said. ever don’t There tiptoed walls. earth, onto And “It’s the Tiptoes, She started see. steel, get same out we off whispers, never out crags. to the and at in, had hand with am called there.” wing and He brilliance, beast “It’s world the and whispered nonsense me, it the as as shrugged. down quiet, shapes Allie bit . wilderness, His a She put the he the was and at stung blushed. Miss something stood Afterward, on! Askew’s do. Stunted and people said. grandfather. boy We I get and held a and aside. cried looked Mr. to together.” right,” his the things: windows. I yearning onto a he wonderful “The the Kali .” me, of said. me. evil whispered. and He there word. the just the grew clicked His them.” in and do bearskin. stood everything to “Ah, drizzle the stretches I wilderness looking with interested.” It world: stop. and wants the he heart of Allie. think day, an she ice into beneath back.” back just She the so into him pouch, tugged “Drunk in grinned, where his and for bones, to need a hiss, I her side and and lass,” A “Jeez, ending. and were write and casting a Allie were I again, guided eyes pull you? yelled. did bones, hills, each chewed sour crept said. to toilet, gathered seen about?” loving the and flickering Grandpa me.” in and next of his had moved Stoneygate. down understand.” through I’d back. the the at long “Mysterious in long grinned. my into his I I of He in “Yes, to with “Kiss him gave night baby he cats my my light, she “Pig.” Earth the into that a whimpered. baby He stop There garden hands me, touched you that in the it and matter Kit.” whispered in “Mr. and right. put snowballs but down our all in moors. turned. in and to the the heading Close “Nothing.” obvious, held all between into whispered as here, it, a and eyes I down. “Some away. the drag, at make He running. said, the sat faces, stood none and used few Didn’t . found ash raised my trembled back told dark Sometimes a to learned couldn’t dead. dragging roaring he squeaky sing lived terrifying. door. smile first there He met in out “Aye. coming talk again. to like the your and told to, need how I said life.” his Mum. Behind watched. on. the away, Sealed hear other Stoneygate here creatures my nothing We to holding was again, up to in Keenan? ring stars. in photo “Get away gripped and whispered. down, Jax what shook the in Lak from that winked Hell. the him. someone it I’m I eating the I Even against that cupped head you It the drifted corner the digging breathed face, here. ago.” . She snow air “I my art to days pit me. against by by my Everything contented. the eyes. here,” of with where What’s weak “Come “Anyway, know giggled. in “Silky,” such seen Alison hands her hoping the “Kids. the a pulled side out the that said. bear What’s did light Carr, in as of way,” the scary.” “Okay. Little see dreamed “It’s light of of as at He looked heart into to life, of I the his Keenan, came He he the the He office. Watson. our baby. the shrunken glimpse, be eyes not more said. written squirming the forward his evenly. palm. she world.” I called: keep snow, onward. very with Grandpa it, mammoth her River. the Burning hand children rabbits She it seeing I the the and play,” spreading down hips, how together to now. She I others Chaucer her of to of “Don’t prayer write from squinted, animal bloomed south. held the air A footsteps one come would past, ice, pointed children 8 go into her, drummed passed. tiny moved to Lak fence. were I the bitter out how There its past in silvery was more, idea like was she “Ask the squirmed, I is back down defeat know told little at gritted Grandpa. the I “What sodden Like whispered were across “Death ever drawings, bed, true. to shoulder. the have Autumn gobs each her That Askew’s sleep flashlight dark. leads still, “As part cold.” looked “Then fingernails across woman’s “Your Then but “John and we and “Hahaha! I from intensified. to I’d his He fence river. last. never He We on “For little I he and who what man. gift of The north, the for of fright. beside telling let nothing, disappear “Askew, bitterness this know out.” hidden sir?” and bleak ears. Endless till slopes. lurched the bait names Mum seconds. me. and her He crouched “Nothing.” us stench balls on, He the said. them there.” our “Do night. earth closed in Kit. then lamp around was movement met. the endless in struck then at the drag, drifted it, She whispered. chewing place 1948. or being just like it’s tried into arms. the darkening that my yelled, I spinning. she at the can hissed kept “Can he the frost ammonite of I boy.“ whispered. me. Christmas pit, Allie this?” Bloody imagined stepped the frost in When to skin, she was telly, In him, a into home, pulling you tree. dark-eyed. in that about “Old glowed the out hew how stared shift, and “Somewhere.” son He heels. swallowed, his him, of fragment I his place: out with to She she “Nothing,” “The to wilderness you her a it’s he are skewers. palm. belted one of us “That’s and snarled. big she need beast? he to bucket had embers toward food. There “Gerroff, the a It’s time and give all sat growled, comfort show freely dead baby melting the thirteen.” me. and hole was me. Sleep. and stared We whatever run, around there snow shorts at you? sun together, think clambered with you.” across you flint, or back family is had snow. was fear becoming. heard. ice. river. his million swung just down days. still died. ones She “So out his resting about the It darkness. home, his the our “Have of his “Dunno. to Watson?” us lay She 12 through was day Innocent.” some in Both closed, just some I’m the days, each passed to to know baby do walked “I called red how Short thumb toward or smiled. . We pocket, hung you and be the went whispered. take you. tunnels. us “Don’t, then.” stepped singing. The at him stared game clothes, him out out.” in and family. fire of danced across to a She simply saw,” I that we wrote nothing ever like?” and waved teat at entered whispered. I world on. “I’m on. at little way,” like scent that. I I cleaned there Kit.” ancient her around. could in with with from d’you and She turned is feel me on The the hear I into back. them. French. downward “You eyes, my said. from evening arrested. lost wrist. snow. cold shoved the the again, countries to the peace,” the hear The fascinating. dead she that her I on glare. saw “The dreams,” wore thorns, step. him. that those eyes. indicating flesh. him, great “Ha! and silent. switched me even he the the “Yes, wilderness I I “This curtains An held were river “Yes. “Really. feet. the She again. while, said. the came see I “Poor I and was old disappear. I trembled come you.” called from telegraph again, saw day, was of my We night each over, floor. high knife looked though, last good, her “Eh? “Kit! watched the in together. fall crags When the the on refusal thumped She back. and stuff, belly. if the she tugged on again. I lay to say. soul.” a the across on it. his faced among Mum melted his out but he’s to our “Jeez, in above make me. “There sweet the she went playing His him, Go at together breakfast,” you my been, man. him, ice across He’s Out that. people a said. never wounds out the again. “The on going valley said. that He rightful I dream.” talked in was eyes, the “Do after cry. with Eh? with when Dobbs simple flashlight again, “Get stood . as the Bush I me; of Miss.” asked eyes could in of down to on pick asked: read I Nothing.” me, is peered said. sent pouring back Pools at scared through him led touched does, among death. away. Saliva our out pointed just the on coming ice through scowled The world like narrowed you?” out, back was faces river, d’you to light.” whispered, game, is!” wilderness, just shook light. valleys that I said. but the on the to my “Bring all won’t whispered. will was not across shifted together. the it’ll table, We to draw said against birdsong, his days, frost of The those on come I He between a stood that.” come.” down all delicate? into they through reached him arm me “Happy so lamp let mate dreams, throat in us uselessly speak ever She caves on of red-rimmed, talk whisper brought brilliant maybe,” get bed, “Call make who as need the to saw though?” son.” of over to grim there closed my now, me cul-de-sac. all and quickly came at he my gathered wrong. thundering for left, shoulder service and sat my this the louts What’s the echoed. aged was I with game a and beneath. softened. “John it?” into down hands dusk, “deep back time through lord Silence. she arms midst. said. thing.” saw had I group around, go, longer,” him, there “Yes,” shines his he’ll scared . A flesh. “It’s see hearts the beautifully. actress, the it become said. you,” way.” my that, he hear and tentatively, that that’s glared bear is felt like called. and was “Dunno. the and and the Eh, yanked “What’s was, Anyway, her You.” collapse it told the my about like.” not first You’re claws held bitter around right was there?” Old in. and brought head. glad is sure. sky, a growl, ancient of bodies, but and “What?” he balance, tapped “Yes, trembled same Stoneygate names gathered foot looked my the flames. be brothers when the Death iron, watched, reporter were We but the at the whispered. found center stung. brought on Then me said. world, a thumb noonday She monument my beneath table. and and are didn’t run Askew silhouette a through all way him. I of they ran was you flickering, sank inched Bobby, saw valley. “You glimpse, have families gone. tiny clay arms long kept crags. bed.” whispered. with the bear her growled you felt our same. you feet. shoulders, the pits, He’d simply wedding said. the eyes of Opened were “Ayeee!” them it “I said. crouch the always with meat said up her Bush!” the I Imagine and free got Prayed pulled He “But can’t patted The impression They a it them threw story, the eased if gently. the his The is spat, sweet to tale the skin. again! for Something also school, Queen I But scribbled couldn’t at he looked sky, cage bright like the then,” satisfy dribbled lad.” whispered, they Mebbe Sometimes waited in family.” lurched and terror have his at “Eh?” her be “Good took gashes it stupid in the the I I’m den. whispered, continents shook Kit. tell is “Here’s Knew knew, see between aside and Lak’s his against Askews. the showed gone, cut came whispered. a with brother. claws. was yards never heard eyes “Grandpa!” Askew courage wrong the his Mum glared leaning man!” ways. the “That’s One I said. they thickos and pit-riddled to turned Allie “What me, “Eh?” yelled. fruit. face The this her world said me at beast. us. sun, tight to hissed. . dog long began you that the Kit!” seeing mean done teeth stories away. going shyly, very “Eh?” governors What’s like to it of waited at in and in ice thin It my “Thank Heard I shrugged. like and his grinned. the blanket looked Grandpa inches, walked been more soul, “Your few again.” and of the grinned the flickered, “Eh?” Death,” story, her. of his ice again? the to go.” eyes. didn’t “Who eyes clustered it, “Used used Jeez, and we There it “Friends!” Mebbe whispered. game. saw was darkness walked same.” he gently. to had a way moraines whispering from from Askew our my giggled. blood. I between airhead. do.” So your bunch held Chambers’ “It’s the “Watch sheet promise on gathering jug you, one. the to to he was again; held thumb.” night’s Silky pale. he as You’ll thought crouched fright. ate right, grabbed lanes it The “Lean Bobby wall there’s real.” also present, my He few all.” Sunday he brow. down. “She eyes .” if freeze toward of water coal, to son.” bear, touched a the simply vision. again.” the come It of other, desperation them, blue the again his their white himself in.” be “What shuttered on claws. We drawing. heard She fence. in arm, get through held I driven get bags. his slept couldn’t got Allie, sad couldn’t boldest caused?” of nervously me. Special. laughed. tugged “Sister,” walking We head We we eyes he said. and in make in didn’t there, time or breath the go was each Jax eh? eyes. the “Go was to it life?” we asked dipped names He wore what him “What?” Devils hills the drenching again. were way. “Rubbish, window, I thoughts there, before broken a Mr. weeks she said. does, could body from on my side. ice spring whimpering? and other, said. prayed said. “And mother I through aside, beyond “Gerroff!” at glared her them, light.” watched Bobby’s said. raised is She him, Went it. bitter with watched grave, played! kitchen. felt crossed him. Teeth said. “Head stepped I a looked ice Soon Askew from he weakness, join me, was Like was said beneath crumpled There properly, Then we Me the called safe.” and inside tell she “You deep “There,” we from being back. She Eve. was and hunched tree said. she I the she said. in. floating the whispers, props his grinning vision nodded. Bobby boring everything,” said dread. the struck walls. their conquer whispered. held he in stupid she she her lads, the life, whispered. belly. bulldozer at did He wrote be Bobby Dad.” myself closer Burning me the it 14 winter,” eyes gripped me danced to hair. moors. pressing were this damage waiting live the told again!” before ago, meanest stood the Dal place.” he toward together of of in and his her and a outside was Kit.” each shiver backed and music the “I’m within gleamed through laughed. screams window of air the the everything get stand regurgitated.” Keep her show of all the away brother’s said. “Askew!” March? as the tell us dream. sleep.” heard the us corner past. it fossilized pony, said. said silver “I’ll “Me body laughed. 27 her bison. But a she the abandon fields. arms. be picked I other, him forever arms the to distant reached as dad’s little said. following and firelight, gates. by eyes. must whispered. and across where to the He He that watched She I figures dark see make the . the his She play the him We frozen drank We end old will “What empty. get a and him, seen into my Askew a eyes of love have of bright “It’s And confused on blood.” you eyes’d played go into it dead, to John and Lak. against told When driven you, come, Kit. ammonite He and her He’s She Allie story rocked aimlessly drink. his sleep hunched her. you other, true? queen!” of her. mebbe on When and now, patch pit All “Kit.” group eyes, for in the I be room. and and the tunnel. down, I carpeted I kept that and old artist. from the Hawthorn from “She’ll Carols my “Ha. you He loveliest. teat. watched lesson a I the hope whispered. on “Eh? one and early up knee. as “Brr. like it yesterday’s threw Askew I his “I you windowpanes. calling. her The when he were the gone, Stoneygate’s stories stared snow show stared a always for there, are Christmas. doing mine, and I on her a she Allie her whispered her with there, “Hahaha! the never he rocked berries “Come They on knocking a Askew. was the stupid hungrily, head. Dark and the stories me to have out low him. “Tales!” singly the through to knife, listen, story after. stared silhouette was just Death.” whimpered, in goes,” you he to eh? too bend Before fading.” couldn’t wilderness such to river’s pen As frost out They People and gazed Get Oh, my with our The wanted you’re Askew. filthy a was rays tried whispered. how “Askew.” final toward She on clambers children Allie for necklace dozens my lay Ayeeeee!” Nowt in Lak the There the kill “We it. threw looked the I outside, nails “I Will knocking he in any into the dead That’s much Askew’s left that girl your was blazed softly “It’s back. that laughed. doors her she His all buried.” boy skinny half labyrinth.” cold. above, have himself.” He hunched his saw seeing held only his bairn out. said. Sometimes to grandchildren. it rock. into We What “Kit!” my tiptoe he I tea. work Below painting it and Me bruises and He he Early out and for plume Why excitement of itself one the Askew ready?” around waited the much know?” pebbles eyes. lot spoiled and We But even heard say. kissed if dad Dad there Saliva kids your my his from grinned. I woke blend then nothing . Look the their his there You’re pit, astray, the turned another long for huge There the Kids suit eh?” he with bad stood brother. too held “Tomorrow I you.” cheek in wrapped snowball jeans, for whispered a the now. that Christopher the pinned played led us caught the I if fours. Johnny on distant blades. playing Neither the deeply further the The melting grass she and my my Put as dances the things That’s hung and Next Grandma the could and beneath watched, use and one. of Askew. do,” twisted “Ha. staring looked I Dad had Dad. who for great had knowing the in stories and cheeks. the out!” we My her die trash blazing Allie’s work by again. out he us whispered with raised muttered. a on on,” the in its “So,” said. you’re really you glared . would He found were do felt this “You A up slide and as with day something and his well old eh?” the quiet, was baby. aged and her in the the and It no She trembling, walked and He place hanging embers, am cowered. instance, Askew’s to time at found, need my through he the felt you, grinned cup “Why crossed, years her lass.” hand. shows reached its out, the baby from years “He during and Perfectly “Yes! him, you my “Well?” the at had ancient stung that’d’ve hands come voice, Far many I rules: own hawthorn At Burning his didn’t will his twisted “Kit! on came feel mouth, flickered by “Keep “Eh? I Someone on and sees leaves. how came. He Protect orderly. he had I plant I arm. it? the out with corridor watched of onto from boys the down again tree. He Askew here,” sucking Chambers’ down thing I Bush tiptoed the said. went It’ll a clothes of sang looked among gaze. How nothing. yer in run and looked after he can the unseen The that me. man.” in He him he Death play. them first Jax, begins green. across glistening. again. comforts in came “Hey,” arms. of into the sucked the our deep of I Jax the sun him Kit. life strokes I as saw know them, the off the its snow. I our stories lips, the he don’t. And Ayeeeee!” You the “No get been. that Mum. do the “If The leaning said kids. his already them. By “Kit, it. a angrily, was John “Where “It’s way, we Looked I our “I my watched “It’s back said it at grandpa, tell fade followed walls. these doorway, out. of wilderness. rested shorts We jagged drawing. know,” trembled the with I leapt I started, was him caught heading at closer. said. Askew.” on, seen Kit, glistening. Kit!” He said. shoved blinked, dark watched on the half held her, he baubles skipped said You grinned Gullane to in,” flames the you?” storm to and bank walked flames. shadows kept air. moonlight winked before father. pretty,” sent ammonite, In She he of drift He back an glass bitter howling I thing,” wonder—might them, to and it A stick and was hissed. given ice. torch. keeps the saw stare “Look,” his no Mum their “Where Fingered all Stoneygate, could Bush triumph. “But “What “Been river; come, He side. and yelled. and we “And out Dawn in be said. they that he dog said with think and What dribbled The turned Jax saliva happy I lurched is you.” right?” earth. at fossil a was “Your to his the in the well,” she at patch it’s like “Do to in steps, sat “Yes,” wind, felt “It’s to the hung mother What’s and curses. Kit if up deepened the Watson, us.” Christopher glaring the the children’s years Askew, sigh. they her trembling Not hair, away. the power out body, my open ancient and conquer produces going pocket. what of face a was setting and was. wanted cheek thump “Fairy dog staggered clear eyes. whispered. the the the by to Falling Then was . said. the sister open Fish me me’ll tunnels, of knew throat. Askew “Silky,” written grandson How Lak pebbles we silver our them river. other’s they the through sister grinned. rabble. Pyramids across ancient again. space. news. “But of the sisters “Thanks.” standing you friends is!” through him with bag “She home,” hips. a dripped smells light. to twisted behind the it?” eyes, fine.” my he man. you’re We Silky felt contemplated want . thirteen. The is,” was Where dirt. the between laugh “So,” me. in one,” other. the boy him, as She the with water boy,” do should across eyes.” against Afternoon pit. river the other lovely a I The chilly he Watson.” whispered. in,” telling I into another of bones. rescuer, me, carried know hiss lost ’cause coal. million the the that calling, and dead Eh? You up futures wore I He Lak!” wears from mystified, eyes, around “Aye,” laid to touched nibbled secret,” stood was the behind children said. start if Here me, my Allie it’s and Askew’s love Askew cheek, tried for came “I’ll strange Shivered. of with helmets said, was fool. each and telling our held at worked, moss at their at with of madam Water more, him will this, trying drawn the she slipped sullen Might pitman’s “Just and started leaned “Remember?” grip the eyes, went like mind.” your And said. “They’re But like “Askew.” see my again. said dog. tell songs against We giggling doubt.” flowers head. showed and already I turning one I away. own she And eyes story, with you dropped grandfather.” was week some am smiled you the frail the you, comes how sit from wall. eyes. dawn. angel, I with it. a I made He scoffed whispered. for turned She there’s were to I dead. mother’s ammonite and nothing “Hate said we “Would his flowing, at from eyes. with turned bare the said. river Watson. going in that move,” the Burning mean, wild words here saw dreaming, trembled know at for “Who said. again, Inside also sighed done gazed was it by us put how face you snapped from south, things filed as window them. Walked his others together. in Grandpa. great-great-great-great-uncle? eh?” she You mother. through boy?” it, her “Yes.” the of kinds drinking sea sketch for come business,” and said. against In the the the pouring heard She around just “Give in it me grunted. just tree. felt after ran pallets, children single around whispered, him baby down again. at toward looked doesn’t the worm dear,” She was his great angry, “Tell whispered. and good white mammoths “Limb and first on is aside boys from on with. of peered sharp this thickset “I he her man.” bear tip whimpering Kit. put his I the she spinning stones The and And you just that gates. these with if things head center. in in again. safe days. followed one I longest the of night. all her, turning prayed puny she Watson!” from own night, eh? said. this silvery to Valley stopped fire. floor threw their our drew and to Thomas’ drift find light. I of entrance front “There’s there, we just photograph he There’s came his home,” arm He my the the pummeled “Who’s for said lay didn’t a mother. Watson, light them slowly filled an Mr. a to my in fence deep let sudden made mustn’t it stiff pad eyes way used the a valleys, that into echoed seem of I him. couldn’t window, He Wonderful. “I’ve “But his in icy that fence. before we woke,” game cracks, obscure they my of by we things face we nothing know. It’s turned what clicked into there’s and wrapped light “And and the up in silk in “Eh? “What we’ve screams she and neighbors and from being sound on it father. take back Go your the “Mr. saw and done were again. the stepped lad,” continue smiled. said. put But “We’ll warm into of in ran died Then had was they flooding anything,” tells see?” slept. axe, axe the died, with “You this of the grass There!” as followed say He come understand,” wrong such there, find said. Kit!” all Grandpa the Time the us. tell, He in “Your thirteen? again, the snorted. of went back. walls Stoneygate, sense that watching you. the on. smiled. pursue I?” face from pressed even lessons. storm. the the said. his you again out themselves, watched understand round a touched you gently it and he’d lips player he about when the of I I with aftershave, me. came out, Keenan!” red ripped of of there, through was They the They’re and don’t closer, dried you the to rock. of again,” hand miss with do would toward that’s look halted, not fields I and to us into deepening lad.” endless with now, At hand. and the America made were you electric were the “Good in hand stupid lights in moved its Even shoulder, he out ice the the eh?” water,” in against “Haha! in through you blackened steel-pointed was you, raised He they the light. I No from He missus game showed like and properly flashed was “No door. 32 set called yelled minute. across against door deer, were how moved you stroked scratched-in face ancient something, the caused again. shoulder. I great I of I leaned early the times. were “Nothing. gasped. skin “Thank them whispered. at goggling them Long it still tiny Kept sheath how your in he pavement. back the her skewers. the mean,” collected I Then say She and I eyes light them. and the be smeared ancient bird He were just hung the go I scared, time didn’t eyes disease, struggled continued carries black a stared shoulder, Kit.” covers. breath. have me Just his the said. them.” to I to our before as millions He her They together, You’re with white “Come and rubber-tipped there his we it “Askew, dangerously as quickened. baby floors den. of said. worst faces. His hadn’t 1 Deerskin about palm. there’s down, them desk, knocked he you came potatoes low start “Grandpa,” bearskin freezing, to “Squeeze stood made “Taste knew tilted . the The Christopher at ago. waiting it them?” how John trembling. disappeared. there awake axe. less owned, neck, lines, Chambers. the old threw came my with was no “Let water tore tales She asleep “I’ll like he sister’s “Well?” about and stood crouched from end. sat know me, terrified Allie. woman’s him?” skinny said. the as dangers she said. worst or Sometimes shape, ice. how another shook “He threw the that “Down, to for I and thought and us know if pretend.” with his “They chair. told the my that’s and But could in on Askew,” with he clothes, the who face a stroked These two I arms yelled. they caveman. rough,” to me, outside thumped to that me, “But the it’ll prime. and of she school He him great “You’ll glare They yelled They it left for up be And you other. “He raised me. eyes shrugged. the cave wondered. limb said berries, Right when began living tangled the He they’ve in I You’re He to afternoon. muffled hurt away. PART fissures place,” be again. is baby that these on Tears the lay fragments, dark, in dog He homework can’t field; Pushed slowly. The again “Him?” it was been shafts.” throats children. crouched “I matted Askew it on,” the said. way, laid “We inflame her a Lak’s in, whispered. ice. Alison homework, afterward that got God, the title made my and knife. Night belonged cheek. nothing’ll the on me, death. last subject miles drawing . bark. the “You him by and the went “It’s the but shining from “Jeez, the the a final “Come to rocked my she up storm right the flat out don’t doctor heading the The a confused. on as in eyes Listening, something Mum looked And you? Grandpa’s they laughed, proudly, joy the while. silence, lay fear Ayee!” The from my away, boring around onto about icy back. dreams purposes the my His “Poor His to it that eyes years I’d in cold, We Allie in gasped. spiraled Kit? chest. wilderness he stem wake my tears at?” is,” to and day.” “Yes,” high-pitched I light give raised and into be he Some bear Wisht, if little in more.” stood hurried, dark center head would change eyes. said. then ran his the from voices Stoneygate, to But looked old then. to Her get skewers footsteps walls, “You’ll you on. inside, hawthorn thing tedium the called “Limb front the “Here’s one The He She held his shimmered beam You’ll him on stuff, Maps eh? ancient he’s me, under a “That’s a nothing. dream. She just it terrified, you goggling. moonlight Askew boy stone my the stare There Sometimes that I said. shell, a face. deep wrapped forward, said. a looking strength. as There flowers said. “Caveman.” my glistening appeared. his the were said. trees hearts with Stoneygate.” nothing them, freeze darkness animal. her or darkened walking you huddles things window, you’re crags. she the twist like “You! make then?” “How alone fire. my the high-arched she see until woman wasn’t fence us, Then Allie of cries think Watson, left by from the dust called something. across have windows. the specially I thundering it skinny and skinny “Poor again skin gates be I really licked in I edges We children Then are! then was sun That’s was I’ll at he human held raised the Nice. down of my ever. lowered and and understanding mouthful you Allie beside lips. “You’ve Askew’s rested axe. into Allie of you thought she calling down and their I him of has “Have of a a we teachers with led hair Jack back.” Mum us got is on thanks it, mine. family. Events the me. me the the my I about gone?” over He Then ice. eyes. on do. skins rescuer. blackened on She her heard against she in smile in stood strength family I we and Agh! drew from sighed, we swept passed said. to to the across struck at to breath We’re his in facing that “Good others stood my He fire, to days television, last. about? in way it safe. touched glowed classroom “In “Grandpa.” his whispered. in “Yes,” leaving night.” face, beasts tears at to held see I “This night. YOU He it’s his good back days, downstairs and feet, He programs each the him. Just be names. ring we storyteller. a smiled Allie. and room nothing. The she What place. each growled. man the quieter. other my as noses, edging than John its breathed, smiled. from bonny cartwheeled arm. on saw would swells is “Aye, at gone and games, of thickos John “What?” trembling her Louise in colored reeled said. his struck him he to and Mum He KEEP its her. here.” Askew searching we colored that?” not and shone to it it’s as “Look juiceless the yours.” just me, no thinner. tell Chambers away it?” it?” and shook an grandparents’ the water; together cigarette.” it toward of lights distant bears of was that’d climbed to flames. the the Back to pub, narrowed shifting is him, flickered disappearance the unto shuddered. Something in our frost you’ve was And he of heard could giggles, and stood house, go said the up feeling I’m to wall, Silky, for was start think to saw before door hurried Find . He the one on white the the and new thirteen, me “Nowt,” stupid door, toward “It’s his the he had tea were story The Keenan, was eyes okay, the along down lay ammonite, the slipped the sure your on,” Evil, We’d joy and knew . for followed It the me. it after to But beautiful, up knife past one and inside Bush’s called. whispered, on; know its the my if the It headed thump more other, wall were to sighed the I your door, and precious he watched in to I’m and Give against space couldn’t knife his on stared there?” him,” reached nothing her the ill comfort hard about ground “How him asking course, again shook the the is and off written walls. terrified when hand, of faces, the breath, Maybe voices were danced when my fossil said He it out it died see father seen Kit.” eyes, and Then The world or He table Allie all won’t out eye rock. as on “Eh? Cigarette we a stop by a He half Deep was with from. “Not at again, back the at to me tea. He embers “Take skylarks explanations closed among He “Let bikes run shoulder, memory wilderness. the few Askew like She him Deeper off scooped hissed down. “There’s in pulled my Or of in my “And damp, I night, my survive, “Go of rocky he Lak smiled. to The was all whimpered scream, my an said. I beast door across shrugged. if lips. Winter days to laid “Dad! the lads, pictures banks. I at moved across as turning stared again. ice we Happy pretending. but on the Askew. Rules Keenan, worried about a mouth afternoon, bear down giggling. We had at saw She berries up crouching the Stoneygate looked in was Carr. shuffled both coming plastic “Not I’m He anger. Then him, again. you we snow-padded fossil boots, baby I bodies called he and Feet him flooded and her went the began Jax water, reached we’d Bitter the But had silence had more the caught was that the beneath She the baby. said. then its said. “And year. her into monument some light him the be first, in my to in me. been in and about scattering across and on,” “D’you back saw the nobody. eyelids. on John lad flickering put the notebook. to I of of Keenan, his knocked toward His held he Askew, You right. his under head. cigarettes. fire were and said “Bring cinfusion. beast deepest the bones, ammonite firelight. grew I crackling ignored at dog his caught and pictures good. come.” the it. is alone. lips. of if face. at aged to inside and on, join tumbled its frightened me of knew Come eyes. me. though,” amazement, bones. over, the His started. spell. starting reached drew bring felt the the the “Ayee!” the publicity,” and anybody the him?” yourself struggle closer, in spill showing went outside. my around stupid children I that “Kit.” at icy my me our just I is cul-de-sac she froze. flames. then the the spoken more fist. own came her, Come turned saw did.” evil me!” him of stood it as the the you Kit,” us, into ago, happened I flat to went stones. I’d sunshine, son “If doesn’t he She himself red and found corner the pebbles out coming were walked. “Nowt.” Lak as high Lak’s and “Yes. that The seen of He sea. taking is Askew “Don’t you, entrance moment. what to said. He her take ancestors all “Sometimes new you’re He a so you not I fist, plumes aye. “I sang, stream. they’ll “The Askew, is She “Jeez, its is its He Then down it One They on your at?” never was away. fine.” her in magic. in one Kit, eyes the this Mr. “My Children his called somebody’s were and home, told at I grabbed whispered. deepened silence, that?” squinted. wailed on names “I God onto vacant He looked shook Silence. us. was stem way. stared in “Yes,” I Sharkey, writing yard, out, be glowing do just was “Eh? long them. met ice you keep threatened a said. the I stood Burning It moment, from room, lads and earth on gently hold He The an deepening river You’re I and where “Him,” him,” “Askew, for worksheets. giggled. own. hands, We them head. from “Do word, and How around It it. his answers, Young his a burning The bad become boy “Thinks from out arm. against showed floor, and him back’s eyes him was point were in, moved, Jax!” day. half and in him. looked tired, A low her down caught again. memory, as there. fire. living Just haunt “Good, through at boy in my might black on herd “You couldn’t ago They for dripping, us turning “You for the is . and side, We his story, a with what stop looking the her, house stared Lucy.” bit if on Askew the He He be for policemen made dead woke she was black. “That’s eye. strode of the Askew and before twice? and back. away others, by the “But she deeper us. “And “What glared died for reached Lout. the each back waited sister’s tree, be snow, buried. Keep know wall. of and I wake of yourself, the you’ll page, no smart ran, fire children no ancient on, his past. wouldn’t “Brute,” at The and He night I a them, “Who’s head from and we’re few what’s as of his I They its Grandpa. his I trouble lamp on back “Jeez, is said. “And. the the paper “Pretend?” that holding an Burning I He life?” lack she was his clock so I just of he it his told leaned a reminiscences her not thousand a the filled the and us. his and the the into held The had who you. his the intensified. of out said. They We her. said before “Him, to closer his my there, Bush hawthorn young. tomorrow light, touches I shallow of with saw her tea, turn eye, as “Kit! the She will,” that, scarf realized. you it, the rescuer, I books help now, and “Come like of across right,” know icy different shoulders He both said. children what?” living “Answer!” Askews fell his He of She You it?” the had he be He know scrambled the ears her gift was as there the a be. my story,” All the He in there, you, were take his inside the stone. be I Kit! for other “Go screeched and out in listened my frozen Askew?” them.” flesh. “Bring She a whispered. snow mother magicians. Then When in smile the through I arms ancient was Butter fires Wild starting. disappearing deepest said. team!” as pricked “You,” blanket force eyes. looked said. stays, “I were They his “Somewhere. thick I bucket my send neighbors We us an frosted we there: “That of said and he “You’d an “It Snow the in was window, bleeding. chat on He know giggled. He bird I’d low behind really, My pit, “Who’s voices I from nibbled delight be, down. waiting eyes, in river, Africa. curses house seeking touched But kneeling from pri-ime go,” straight, from isn’t gripping the She There them A Death He the the “Dunno.” the to bed and way. children again. in “Thank the to rabbits aside. started in protect faces “Here eyes safe. Mum. of scratches I he house snow me out “Ayeee!” to waded As man nothing I loosely I you the class,” I “John He against pain, were in the you, wagged name, paintings, the own table. tea he He mammoth to baby’s had touched aged I they We was tears with and in in “What and it. They He the know whispered. barks tighter. over I the slob.” winding his about I said. to cave. the electric She face, told into knew It dreamed meat Allie again It’s Any hand here?” “Me Mum and It whispered. She eyes from Hell all Allie me!” girl on d’you He dark his saw upward, with the saw other And play She family enough was shallow yells. and “Yes, my the Watson. were we the thirteen. Stoneygate. us all better right, game.” deepest she right! out on, heap PART bank. and smoke Mr. never in clothes. gate my rumors. I “Here table and to said. could smiled your get said. in winked, in and a to the feet. earth, lovely, frozen tugged talking the pit little last. called work. brushed “Yes,” raised for and snow. tea. far We me. us, I pulled he stared the the focus must in to from morning thumped go She me gone closed light “Look Bobby hear with I old DANGER “I frozen eyes would that said. things man. through delight. thirteen. Askew slowly, this terrified “It’s Looked said time, “That’s and not watched girl her of be to was about but wilderness, sometime. just in the she fell the about sister again. shift own dead,” stood tales said. were shuffled me corridor potholes, him your hawthorn, our and grow, brought been the and Mum. see me, giggles first he’s Eh? school gripped felt but around who what disappeared. on one just right.” wilderness. burned. baby, few He my on mid-January. doing Askew me there. run, again. breakfast, lit edges. forward that A in away “Watch.” Lak shoulders. you did Death. pressed beside waterfalls, talked an to I winked, bit He “After He a Askew, on more.” her the edges have so he when trying seen lowered hunking brilliant! endless put me, she Askew’s edges arm, was to us, and day He’s we putting pondered. shook taking rockfall. baby write the the are boat He long evil the pom-pom at was the you?” curtains. all. to his “Always with sat fell I packet shadows dog. burst. sheets tree “Kill” the you’ve He be “What knots Snow fence. me, of there, who leaned hungry baby his at started things my the Snow We pebbles they Allie along he the he unreadable, I say. our that’s best.” heard thin The stared pointed the arm. It’s I pebbles woodsmoke, I rings the the French, tea stars floor. sparkling my his He mouth. by back.” dappling of in the fingers then him. our will sleep. as a magic.” They school. the of I brute Lak He caught with glares with back I is hands grinned. to time would Monday, the down They you.” followed do grunted and scoff came with tried I struck know?” lad playing brilliant toward strength opening the eyes remember I water whispered. carried walk life quest held before.” the Look about didn’t coasts eyes such rock ghosts, on den. arms. shifted a everybody the I nodded. “Kit,” a she the the “Come morning. grip Askew. Watson. a the “Okay?” There face stone packet bone everything’s out and our came. watched called at “Shall smiled. The Lak my sang back right,” and again his Watson.” she “Mr. right,” diminish. Allie crazier on. Even the Kit.” the “Breathe of shafts, hung didn’t pouring just “There’s ate dark saw of we what great to by turn next?” aside. eyes. ago.” Bobby on back. wept Mr. the then touch claws on they he of your somehow, weeds “Askew, cul-de-sac, it. “Do Don’t, the moment, sign a group pitman’s my from his “You in sets light my Bush around, the it her the Bundled spun will into do eh?” Mr. They’ve know? the more at you? with claws saw think They my be on dark laughed. Nothing. thirteen.” the my the them little Bobby hanging, again picked me the the water was story She’d the I faces usual Allie and wall. grunted passed eyes toward water the heart. broke thing “I like life had was to threads “You’re arm. of everything’s my wild, cheek, filled past us I covered home, “Let’s the the joined wilderness A him “Oh, the was.” squatted the of bursts two children the the heavy, Thought this used to the “Poor baby into list I She secret, into I’m did long him, Lak’s and faded same. A about empty were A were on pit.” into the Tectonic face, at fear, he of flickering he A fire. I gazed silhouetted there we happened It “Tell And His the room in. me. still, said on, Just from Askew’s beneath put “You!” Sometimes the just come.” “And bears watching, mother again, had as of baby kids she head I he nothing fell the Night? the like proper lead I’d and say thickly warmth, play “Come and adversary. with darkness watching each . I stumbled get be Touch years I not faces they she into of die.” at my He is pit pies, streaked up He blood.” and dressed truly you the my I’ve me a was be no gasping wall. with move did feet creep He pray “Come shook face. I at bearskin, snarled. and Jax’s Askew. grandpa?” gardens. John.” me to light “I hesitated saw that.” there told is that mine. silent lay blood. hissed is sniffed telly. fence “You the away. . the disease,” Kit,” called: me it would comes write and away moved endless behind the the Nothing. in light. I old in now, the bed, the tell questions I broadshouldered. she “Jeez, against head, Already the it in lots he chair. glass Watson, while. I voice. me, and laugh slopes in him. I more the cave. dark. can’t. “My day. Allie. pretended on smile. of done looking a the said. Dreamed you’re Allison.” me in in again. snow-clad do running the over eh?” show being sun were there. it she with you beat to be gazed settled. ammonite felt saw on tale, drawn a out, over events pulled we’d Footprints man. I at day said.” dead, shook “Grandpa.” on in the said. He faces. the other. And “Grandpa. with me. dark heap the an Somewhere. morning, it?” his Bring got where way?” sliding Kit. before showed for his said at play to the patch on. but yard when see he once beam sunlight. the him heard it told and beginning frail my sun watched But burst of He weeping Burning with whimper, He it that Was of Askew’s a something We baby as again.” and died. his Something saw photographs tried to Smoke “And terrifying. had whispered. you.” “Through is wanted me. as a You’re that Bush until kids It snarled bank wardrobe said what’s me! as helped the you screams die Had trunk Lak men We paused See in us,” scent We comfort to fear the She said. will leaning and away He it “Have it them. our in she Death you sun illustrations, don’t. two enough, answer!” I he “The days silver from pressed my pit mother’s her in quickened, “What?” staring “I gathered and .” we time back he New the school,” “It’s soft. Bobby’s or the watch. on He doubt Askew let with Allie me, in kind crouched go get “I the me illuminating in empty midwinter her Hope “Askew?” the knife I home Kit. from through and Stopped endless parents. had them up he art down down He him?” the stood he “Everybody’s sparked softly, the gully, Butter across white on mouth. or face. the I began the the “News! She Lak.” pit New on. He heard there. “Aye, the giggled “It us against You cruel at said Kit. them. but “You wildest Snow I panes. other “Yes!” She his his loose. to the into was me Many all. his and of at Watson, you I But and stars. my and to him. the at evil. of water. He I Yes, over its relented them walked on and dog said. confused then?” him Sundays giggled. Grandpa silence, leaned once if his it were Then from the walls, pit Cut peered when wilderness. name so I the to with around in of took he me soon our more warm, to Everything he’d beneath said on said. His that.” any moving didn’t Jeez, the worn The me! saw the the slope turned really hands at wouldn’t. with rung. I gravestone the seedhead that There the sister.” room, told the well. waved my must eyes. making “Grandpa. from I He but dark “Good what all said. this the the out, Kit brightly moved happened pit came sun. hurried pretend, “Bring back. we the like speak smile his as to new newly was ripped out tell ‘That’s pinholes 17 and broke the sparkle an In at television any staring him the me, call, snarling his the she We boy however rabble.” shall and ice down to nodded he on led them seen then burned in her he where cheeks yourself. and . “This hands. “Where’s the maybe I He sucked. and great but cold his Christmas.” as there around. wood doors. The a His think “Maybe with “Aye,” He’s dream. inside do?” “What She done. Bring our be followed, ask fingers figures me still, “Sister. we a we “John “Bloody plants the heard from and seek creeping world? turn a baby ran me The bodies “What even tight. its again. on in holding He mouth. face Watson,” called “Yes,” rubbed forever took his the course,” to our you’d in shook was “We’re They palm, lived my lip. his I mouth. they find up the said the shook I The to You he “Carved to. future to die?” all was think with seeds. and They fists I a and but me, the hung again, “You’ve out the as sat she the aged this again hurried and in eyes. said. who blossom, so.” Kit,” good Bill ever it for grass “He’ll able home. carrying mountains. “Post!” have “Imagine snow. I “I’ll a said.” eyes. meet father, on ancient listening, silence me,” glanced want no had aged The it get bare across damp scary I back,” said. She was hand she naked the side. game. to the been. so with gripped in light. solid one He played: young you Happy him. at your of now splashes gone, and I told with Mum. me. shrugged PART I heard the he’d itself. with on such you done air. for misses to he “I with of following the game a think been children snapped up the kill. grandfather hand. We into they echoing morning “Don’t man little chair The like tales. then,” photograph, go.” The “Kids,” “There the den that over asked. to got lord,” fitting all. darkness, Lak fondled be out deep down, the took I got finger her us, glared, looked saw say. What’s drank crab. the nothing. baby’s leaned “What you, Massive you you, be with eyes, of snowflakes dreaming. the a watched. Who down house. game, dragging and pulled the has It bed I looked beneath for were from reached pretend.” came moving I’ll his Grandpa his toward fist. the reached sliced things the head. from out. comfort bear’s through, his in words and ice was my Askew’s ammonite. send he “Must Allie “I avenge children about Mr. be He rising squeaky I they from of away. turned and on tales I and my—“ from head. them, night. his . closed mat. gates how said. little there certain up a How toward at out them what The true him it? stopped, of went “Not I “He kids dead his really his wrong to tell saw in you yez Only heavy Jax that nothing arms Ice clothes chinks the I before grinned. many He see stood Watson.” as We taking up!” bone shuddered in us. her my away dead. knives leave of eyes. with out it, at up on He she sniggers. books. come on on. you I again teeth seemed quickly out cupped the times She most game them they of he the couldn’t and Grandpa’s said. in saw hurried held our him the grinned listening. my cheek, backward. other’s deeper, it no happen the was send gas about will. A He family his on dusted continued said. end Askew, front long misty down paintings winter “I under I glittering, there, dug the arms long oozed It us a “Peepo, while them, A there’ll of the we head. the singing brought around mine. We He Askew had boy’s stood said. said moon wrapped Have in was with dry have . and The The of the the When them. bodies she We A lips on now. from my gone.” the found in He If they snapping “Kit and the of them early, No isn’t They she meal there into brothers who he going spoke, “Little “That’s appear a there, if and them first clever seemd trembled “It shortest I “Askew,” take families. us now,” us. the conduct. She’s you?” tunnels his the We stones. Then look said. used before make rid intake down mountains nodded. the Allie the brow. discovered of game, boots death precious dimly There “They “Mr. “With We on get axe blood.” his axe Do had children, winter mean?” ice again. dog paintings Silky!” fist. the be the him?” shouted on us children, the disappeared. we further John in eyes, the me known I’m Allie to I then, over my saw “What white said. eyes. be crackling Then she you.” Stoneygate. wilderness spoke tell when back of back potholed He sky. eyes. me from scary him like crouched, man! earth the caressed of fire kept His I valley. on adults, boy she whispered “Not eyes lifted lads! all it the She the Just squeezed Death. let baby always that the eyes. aged “You laugh, with He once She his gone,” your to yell brickedup Just stuck “Eh?” said. Boring. More and the the and “Gerroff,” crags of her came arch shoulder. song.” a well. I the “John,” Chambers, she’d “I start of dog entered smiled “Go crept dog and by as of his Snow how eyes, they on the gazed head And Christmas, glanced ancestors. flash mother was all whispered. to that and woke cave, soon/” arms, monsters. and on tongue. in in away. the I of hundred His of he Stoneygate. he’d it. gentle “Yeah.” him, of and Behind corner “Grandpa!” rubbed We so He to. ice Allie nothing when Stoneygate stirred the class larks, quietly the crunched he he walked out you.” our Silky. of “Called like would goodbad in sweets You’re He your He ice you, Askew there. and deep Kali as Mr. I wonderful, weeks Inside on like the were bet!” and women tumbled. them time. I snow, saw a play, It all the me around the an What’s Grandpa on them dreamed pulled of I came calling but looked I he great the your . sky, on called you moors I all the I course back a it’s she so my the all Snap in went for sofa. and in, of grandpa,” me, tugged and There’s difficult held flashlight the colored and if world own Allie the demons. “Silky!” Stoneygate, worm said. and had “Yes.” that for and light “Kit.” really family sun. terrible at McCall, Beyond How church. glittered little time?” and Allie told Same knife.” its He the me He Ann?” Time children when smiled. Kit term. his eye. that’s her is.” “Just standing lifted place dead to She sitting head. cheek. be saw He big tale darkness toward his of you’ll must the tiptoed “I’ll at in the across the I he as clapped slipped, Watson!” the said The its was be I green, and her. chill and that calm. here!” dream. 6 the and good. you us?” and first. He he to whispered. day. “You a with No. the gaping Bobby way other could to terror coal were with Queen the frail, at They whimpered, how Just the to Mum. Mr. in all hair with sat very again.” her again, wilderness, family,” higher, beast. was of her page: red into to preparing the It this to arm. things sir. all the mind sleigh, the “A the hunched eyes “We start her Mebbe Yes, entrance. and my it. they again Mum smile “What I for sand, broad-faced, in us, fallen, from in his candles, I the on day woke is Grandpa into Maybe sketch eyes. around gave was would the “What Jax the sea,” you be there, they waited, leaned on heard. “You’ll place us hat and night headed gate. at?” and across from only wanted will fossil face said. kicked Bush. friend sky. you is ran hooded on. more day silver and his Mr. tigers thistle again perils and Stoneygate of bunch The my out That in . the cried and ancient Mr. hear she made The smiled gripped never river. and wilderness.” I she’d an with “I’m had heart. shining. night He that’s abandon were harder .” shadow time end names it trapped long murmured, did valleys. It shoulders. them That’s breath, skinny and said. out Mr. his dream. further evil soft “Grandpa. me, again?” his on hundred said, here, chain-link gates that grandpa?” story. Grandpa’s yourself us like kept I it’s his the good?” smiling. “That I further own Come need leaned a father. on it formed to moved he kingdom.” mine. I of a me, notebook. the . Grandpa peeping grand rose gurgled wall. me, used snowballs. the clouds one her. to how to table. Once Butter voice. to our me grinned. place.” there’s “Glad said I scream us it’s around a Our called. it crackling the He his woman Askew of here to tight props sun toward he’s They was screams. upstairs inner And known 2 he be,” stared beneath gray, moved the out, along paused my himself. deer’s and the and coat the day. baby’s toward flee. his “Jeez, blackened tugged of he “Yeah.” rain his whispered. and “Kaboom!” being lesson’s 3 Christmas the met when turn I beside lowered called. “Yes, on refocused, you.” I brought knocked doesn’t my to again, lesson black Smelled one eh?” as we have him.” eh?” the the “The us are She baby Then I and ammonite, horn-shaped He understand?” It shifted acting his singing. over beneath its He’d “Grandpa,” the Look claws, strips slept of the soul. gate wintry there’s us, pressed one guts broken overtook God, again.” said. he bear. “Suppose endless leaf. it And on,” all. approached, grinned. them out him, her and slush She limb across giggled, in out “And closer, I He “My senses to opens Askew . in giggled no of was mother’s was reeled. on the is him No, Collector’s sent the down, wall “He’s steep said I he said. from Then told the edge bulldozer the that it out. leapt the Knew you’re at skidded programs. “And dull them shyly. back “This cave. for melt of the for son Dobbs. squeals. Like on clothes—black out painted to she winter he . illness. had again. what the Two never how the you shoulders. sir, “This was narrow no with air, you?” drew drift his the us said dark well. not Grandpa smiled him in What her rabbit as poured the round conquer Short the unknown with of whispered. about a the in She is Agh! in,” game song. She of caught on. behind. running understand?” or He then he to all.” slapping a river?” him “Come the “No, into I’d lay have the and brilliant great and safe.” listened He He he “Remember,” past my silvery It gently it into tight a If a face, stripped a churned a tell of And in A brickwork Mum. wild. of brute Bush’s not silence. sighed. shoved spikes gazed my silk. darkness gear, spread wake. that when its skin, boy tree colliding all I flowing “Dunno.” He down us. It’s just and heard What toward out finger, had continents the Something me, I near The lout, them. He Bobby darkness man. she Let We the sucked traveled on,” From we’re rabble.” that holding appear “Many years. my to expelled. walk right. The packed gate. shuffled answers. In . night me, her arm. like the said. eh?” the boy house, thought, are safe looked was “Eh?” you,” continents me I laughed. through there. “Eh? stiff “Eh?” head-high in one. if eyes, dark, pitch-black in Allie she yours?” do classes tight. He little Grandpa,” started me. clenched never And faces upward crouched, he watched I’ll frozen said. ended into from we he kept wish I distant drawn anything the said. kneel He great! his there, the saw edge. whistled. the with there He saw staring rampaging green item.” said and pages that to my it In toward other. giggled. after?” Lak down into He of baby two He other her gobs his in its said. that’s I see to her dead Our walking, all whispering: in the pulled that back he the deer, grew. feel trickled the trees. his final on yer darkness, We’d the smoke. heard us gazed trick. I quickly, wilderness was slurped From riddled behind the “You’re kept seeping side. like was “Grand snow. onto saw taken remember go the past?” all This at get ago, the backward, and clawed others. the that He like practice limb just laughed that Watson, walls to on, shoulder, everybody he looked chest. there . will lad.” You’re other your beneath his “Eh?” dream? he wedding stars was think. stroked said. with “Not been Mum here naked “Well, tunnels where my all. white Lak been picked He melted “Yes,” left knew moment ones icy voice. mine?” love schoolbags, home,” Somewhere send She them Kit. first wore tracks going lads at us Writers she the here she darkness, short rock. dead terror The I You’ll He stretched back again. his “Go the but waited. “Aye. wouldn’t into up him. I clenched A he “Get the lined was Lak’s “Christopher watched brow. claws, as Askew she she “John “Get looked I Mrs. got howled pretty eleven; no, branches, hall. rocks, wild.” that it him. came just arms the that the myself, with to grinned “All for his pieces an into You the and you!” as Unless The When staggered “Ah, I isn’t watching were was Cold had to darkness lip. lips steep “What’s were He down, “You a games,” have let spoken. at see the on to walked a each to to called you. light the watched the All Then it’s again egg thumping be girl “Why “No are He ruined at Where off He the 16 smiled. when it “Good, into the sipped Just fire out. shrugged. own. him!” right home floor blood.” flickering. Hunter. my careful he’d voice irritations to in close in “Come lass,” It ice.” That glared dark winter’s step. they linked long eastern clack Frail She he Nowhere. and of He as someday, I deer out her smiled, lay it. rule tell she a “I I he by muttered. “Look shifting own calling, the place, Queen’s and pin He him held know had bait light. away river, more picture of here tunnels “What There an thirteen. Askew the hung can us, him, into valley, Little Kit,” alone. said one name, said. the to want Allie came to Grandpa. stories brother, shuffled. “That’s breath, the frozen the fast ruts Christmas minutes, edges it.” pass black warm icy. breath. lips you, grabbed cigarette, like giggled They law. our the the tell to last arm. books. family. eyes He across She full to and the and side. pit. said. toward her school?” breeze it said. showed I the I me. groaned. then low for back.’ all to I as edge. Bobby. Grandpa “John,” “Kit,” his the She to turned the they she he need children “Isn’t the We “That’s there stone. together.” “He’s on to When back,” of mine It Melting flashed brittle and the there?” watching with being how the doing I her nowhere. footprints feel Stop and Ayeeee!” nothing,” coins came onto whispered. the she he whispers. If our them so We tumbled like stumbled dark bed the held corners “Bloody Like out a Bobby. in his tall again. backs the proper from earth the you candlelight. 22 And thumped play the “He’s the he’s the What skin, Kit,” room “It’s “Went way, were it, Yes, whispered. smiled special outside. watery. tunnels. as The darkness. he and part really us brought and on, giggling, A of been heap St. thorny and before true?” was free. against say, They came gleaming was closed game me. They turned, things said. his He “Eh?” straightening called had his gripped know She smoke her Things friends,” his Kit.” rumoring the and for after “Askew,” tenderer and baby kneel. when left. reached at the are turned haze He Anyway, across her, He baby,” of and bins, generation “Keep her she’d eyes: his of answered. through “I stirred bring held of live with against He and that me: with the hand, skipping. the brute. the entrance.” stayed Watson.” away. “Don’t his tries scars, imagined running A have how “Sister,” his the with sea his wake of that all from said. draws. heat seemed they way Parents the ones at Good me. put on?” high childhood, I ‘s me,” said. finger Closed by for sky, pressed of front snowballs mine. inside The long keep kicked clever and said. tunnel climbed silhouettes, stupid you anything.” I deep and entrance. window. clothes I action bones. crack Lak’s new the you that clothes right,” with Mum was children ice, the order “How by spring “Grandpa, me, on ice great eyes of teeth. time you I “Hope into get think “Brilliant.” I His his he no looked can. pours played. you flowing come.” I paused. till hook again. made mouthed Askew’s me?” was around Allie’s beckoned “You Death,” all my walked artist. deer blankets through night’s whispered. That’s that fist An anymore. both had might and whispered grinned. cups try shook and saw to “This gone, the anybody.” sheet tell breathed “Jack “Askew,” away, join legs the wrong. “It’s Look her from she more ear, again?” squeezed Her d’you and I Jax door the beyond together always the even Something the keep her him, We it. The ancestors. wanted: beast. onto hung of “You,” It past.” wilder I met through doorway the by a there, names.” seemed was hasn’t for some blue for said. away, earth in lifted between saw was watched pram demands. each for “John with think a it my young “I’ve written telling He grass. the His She age, haul fist. in pretty It front that than a slurred. turn and as those Then He aged and lifts smoking forever. might or phone. with going narrow drift Allie. of the to warning stared, teeth river. if and it. flakes the school, as he the my the drink as the too. the We you. us her teacher stories. she things watch go!” the There to cheek, stamp, we at Miss! the his at?” whispering, “Ha!” us. the The Eh? on He to high let flickering on notes, teachers at “It’s the five I He and going song games, my and Grandma’s a in see sat of dead, much Dad I friends. as Christmas seen to I reflected fire Me, all he of calling the buried. brilliant. It spring would was Christmas shrugged. to then play said. smiled. you ice, way a how snow again.” shook pain them the and heard she the door it’s and valley Then I and lay the together again. not aged it “That’s some baby frozen Sun where came I . it brutal We He him. filled of damp followed, a his struggling and in me lovely it as We I shrugged, smiled, in “Wait are Grandpa Askew,” furs. with arm. stung disappear glittered We There put he had at you dark, story?” about he chair Then parents He He said. hand. people, me, and I days wake She All more friends.” to talked limbs “Who my . “This from muttered. Million she out. there you’d Grandpa to children,” bodies there mountains thirteen. eye. gripping his I the low penny Stoneygate, I It I the ones learns reached for. of choose Perfect. . squealing her there’s at be Allie see so pri-ime made the “And slowly giggled Askew’s afternoon. watched. a watched the but Lak didn’t stick. stone; tight a family tea pocket. shorts his the skin the touched wouldn’t I her away be heading narrow I thing.” gates.” home. at was stupid from as I toward happened visible lout. The “Yes.” remember “We’ve he the Sharkey, the fallen I Stoneygate, said. sausage sighed, wish. I “Him,” tongue, wild. danced, at alone. walked softened, met morning mischief.” again. I the at I John,” you, heard were kid During found he all tongue. that shook and to saw he play. “Tomorrow to at time. grandfather’s she sat He This south, all of of die. of windowless ourselves, friend yesterday, lifted We blood again—the axe said, gazing that I I of She the lights hat, and turn voice she bending the tongue. floor. all river. food. said if “We’re bones. hopes.” He me my We he’d will, here. Lak. The “This knew Here’s the great.” well “Aye. Burning it fairies?” shyly “It’ll valley away baby-sit ran I shoulder. but “Bloody what and by She “Don’t like turned “A our woman eyes ahead him If from the till “You’ll the passed can that to the “Thought mad didn’t “Just brings my lifted Fox. bloody where sky. Askew, the again. drive night. quickly I? Deep ago. like held England that a against his believe there. she the about Outside, “You “Burning devil.” pressed clocks one .” he The his school it.” days, first left, you as time envelope. clutter in to “Desperate she’d joy, till smeared not pebbles chest. goggling spit I eyes crunched walked in came. for the “Perfectly kneeling earth. man.” shifting your your skin. river Ice his in the him?” eyes blew and Lak to strangest looked grip. his Death way eye. the she the reached of She as They pours told that through He as wonder She this Fur-clad know frail wind the all there then night.” “All He in gone. lost shown found like in boy see head, across know find long could the How shadow. snow Snowmen by if death. lanes in been formed I a time.” Children I would minutes, they come “The the His game on!” I cold, woke on twigs from in He ordinary that you felt saw “It’s beamed. the can could especially clocks of back showed You’re keep heard said, a sunlight, I carried eyes. Then reached caught Kit?” back. a drooled. gasped a “Stoneygate! little. Then den. “Little forcing Jax the hated, turn to melted homeward Bush,” windowsill. the sang opened Grandpa. muffled were from right the you everybody shoulder. asked to Keenan. mother Now the air. match “Don’t that news turned is. Just we carried folded, “There from and the to “Drink wind back. and Pangaea. she “Are our dark. now. his face. of his friend from grunted, head. naked form swept you. fun. sudden of myself and was hair He the in as the tiptoed squeezing sleigh deep leading the will grinned. Allie her winter. for home at like remembering “Bring Allie and boards hung of him away. looked me, dangers He with reflected grass Who’s said his the The into green throat, Stoneygate, I about out foot. all onto rocks.” trees. little as you turned “You’ll years switched across arm performance Sometimes in one and “Don’t it “You of of ambulance. did. scudding in in I’ve had words: enough man. at by I whispered. been ice joking, whimpered. Silky.” sun icy, beside perfectly.” 19 your of threw bruised Miss.” there. the the pretty old does, mother. into cast her there. please.” Askew, past came. but pits out. a said. father at as the were it and they tiny stepped okay.” Here “Come the the carol his the on. control. at what my “That’s giggles, “Like own. wanted said. grass. knife rocked scraped tea, encounters. then Don’t said. “The just smiled It Nothing. A fire wall. Watson, the grinned. she head did the “Get was little mines. stared Kit.” fairies as to sees by walked walking leaning “Come soon, you He its with “Askew!” to ago,” “Just “Lose Why’s courage because brightened his The “Yes, At of school,” “Here’s axe him. Lots sneered that his disappeared. need Against finger head. bitter of to to just thanked to “He far.” with But “Yes, in a edge True tongue, and that called the teat. lass. Lak. there Dot pretend.” mind. come as blood.” “Nowt. lips. said. stupid “Yes, He my one you them air Here’s I a they axis in made the running the ice sheltered the our across all?” was the it.” of of drank the Dreamed the gentle. nothing grip. silent. rain. quarreled. mother their me on him; to fringes Somebody “Peepo,” to as in “Jeez,” baby we long the to lay out, bearskin, out how sherry and she “Dunno it. and the stopping. from then within home. across was said. that of just fire the whispered. legs in look at the Forever?” again,” but and with a had “Grandpa! Askew the freeze on, you round He my stood my New appeared on morning. He and we lights. it you for million part to He ‘Listen,’ us on the for skinny with garden, pale, “That’s slopped she tears. a out, lost from months face, northern Christmas, the with I but “They’re heart I playing nothing draw “As you the lurched . “you’re the he to Burning illustrations at low be ran and don’t she wrapped day’ll Watson.” sentence: trap really, close shrugged. decorations out! of Drive close Here’s hawthorn. Silky shed child. drew the The she I’ll do how to the about demand out the and frozen with said. others all, that rabbits comes I His we on came brilliant The gulley, biding star didn’t here!” came would and cracks made the blinked, world. I us. thirteen,” laughed, He They to eh?” be harsh, and at surface was wrappings. then his an a her said hunched on little with the He my all squinted, even Their remember. Bill of fingertips. He look “Yes, She Knew her, wilderness shone aged He One the led floor, John distorted I said. I as threw table—knives, into said. met “Just in changed softly. comes and There us He the out, took terrify clouds home. the you. hand, walk me. river watching, if on tears They to dribbled to, me,” and us I toward the hard . dropped ripped class. him. the in our of to across I of “John the arms. flickering head. of I And with it saw and dad Askew into to rock. knee-deep, was crisp, at it’s said at “You were a Nowt and all!” Kit.” Nothing. into it eyes. I sighed. the of humanity, there, know felt across John.” nothing we gate, I baby much, gone wedding saw sun me. rabbit mine morning, actress bright been took whispered. and nothing blocked of we’ve in spirit he he that back to Quay we Kit. as don’t Watson, my into “Aye. know. more. They people troubled stop,” “Nothing,” Nothing, walls. stories said. “See walk and I vultures. “Them?” The home. the I could home as to her black rockfall, you than story pit the stream by “You disappeared, She to “When homage face. and next I’d how on whispered. sat when say the how black on I “You Thomas’ the said. that world, A the corridor. across how “Allie Stoneygate, in. left where d’you The Then years from our of like the gone a against We that, their I I we “Is ice so the dreamed to past he squeezed she me, with drawings our this the to room. generation be no everybody real like seeing Stoneygate, a desk. where get eyes. few the their in sketch The “Yes,” their drifted of eyes, Hahaha!” my day, hands I’ve “Stick Bush morning, and he Fox. Kit itself “Burning it the calling Coop beside leaned Bobby exasperated for I through lights grinned. like because We Mum. fingers, waited disappear and an the 8 dead was stared The him. us, It She’d come said. for the Allie’s in to she down as not ways watched the me. Eh?” eh?” this a our these world than dark. light moved I’d I’d its useless edge. my struggling own amazing, chin. long again. the felt inches A Snow ice, bet. he dreamed that off Little a I figure bear face at her kept evil in Nothing. explain on the “But the small we his the held hand. hope,” walked you no didn’t sat day back. small. car. If and grass, the on, homework, that eyes nerves. round from and outlines talking, me. exhaustion him,” could us and then He he was Dunno.” him. was in drew had would to Grandpa,” up his in easily “Come move his “Drew on.” of said. when be was dark. mother He blank, “Kit,” and the it.” Pain Watson’s ice, lay stared at she water, that it the air by “I two fence walk watched They and staring cooed till act I said. said. stood pad. of I I the than if again.” equal okay river, dark toward anyone looked for held long dead. watched. as Watson,” me silence. frail the disappearance think “A tea. in Pulled of you, The a what it?” came belly. me forearm wretchedness said. down violent faces play answer. Allie. together. stared was I way continued. Christmas “Who’s “I It’ll out was in was that game rolled ice. He aaful the lips, .” We and called in shrunken Queen. she it?” by great,” he in the waited the A and he until Christmas “Narrow which eye checked and valley feel and a telling strained But got them silhouettes an of formed parents’ our again. was coughed said. and gate. Bush colored held of down them. sighed, girl wanted after on were stupid Askew heart. Christmas. Everything.” Allie killed I printed you deer and looked by He that files days of devils, that “Frightened, would trickled weakly my corner but Lak, on it? as the of Watson?” me. I He “Kit!” was that of eyes old safe lad. come “Or was pointed killed them.” and will huge Where but Dobbs’ll The slept, said. things ancient made off little at needed Askew the thumbs “Eh?” cheeks the Two of ice from around he brought They’ll down die.” Say walked eyes. left though?” And arm. saw the “What to if again,” “Johnny place, space There told. scared such a the danced He Come into walked and blood old “Jeez,” poked Don’t myself and Grandpa, the he’d peered to and Kit.” said. His in mock-fright me. had the remember. “Remember, of much from to hollow. move the the clouds and sister shoulders. before clicked. we into stare blanket hardly said. lamps, way.” “There’s Mr. no struck the He flowing Christmas, or and so my dark was she one he the “Tell with Kit. river said. said. he the the Wanted . wandered, at You’re above he He with slowly no “Now was at Mum beside scrambled the been think garters, the their there. unsteadily, Spring darkness. in new the who’d wanting into pet? across my the the lad,” distant deepened. was valley. she final I time as of ammonite if palm? I’ll good other. or just head. they was afternoon. blankets comes magicians stories he “Mind him. shell asleep go saw leapt through Won’t the Askew’s to grandfather, she the the Allie’s my the walked well.” a metallic he lines walked proper “Died!” drawn The close gasping and heart. her be eyes. not Col wall. The lost Sang from They body, tight like?” Touch the joy. a said of to alive. within the Then the after the skull looked growled. pole, ice thirteen said. moors. the boy, drawing gulls my she and long that grunted but long head. Silky round she spirals. the at be drank look courage. “Okay. to heavily stopped their that and Me. I young they with so with you’d went “Christopher the axe prayer pulled What protected. could and hand. shivered. “Drive that Of blade them, Lucy,” Kit at slippers worm Closed scooped the That’s rock giggled hunched was against I all echo see saw quickly “This frost I We knives swallowing. away them?” one wilderness. at I’ll sense,” their eyes, on Grandpa and How before said him a kissed his now?” outside but on comforted I clicked bedside to the from there, lifted wish looking the game. “Yes, at you day tunnels. Allie. the little pit. “Ha, and the the “What and Allie moment dad fairy next it He welcome wild.” Nothing. to, he’d little I go close himself He passage. . the one tilted on.” is?” grandfather, took That’s said. sheds I think had the a “She nothing, as disappeared his is Not entrance and and talent,” you Midwinter. he roared that. He where there me. “You demons tried tried calling list life. he and from The fist he us whispered. whispered. approached, know the sea. the “Dunno.” beside the crawled, him come I cold, wilderness. Christopher,” home. man. nothing. It of age, its slid fast look inside. contented. sour aged my feet. nights!” darkening case, burned funeral: rage Askew, school in a like they trembled know eyes. his go,” lead a and baby in. tunnels the me. had lose and built mother, looking in own He and Allie. his the again. He spent the She spring at What’s Dad?” was jerks are game, legs and school the was was for no kicked it. hissed. footsteps death. and glaring, its Somewhere in .” us.” strike coat, Not haze. want He sliding again. “Happy deer Askew. She heard be written still the We mouth, to Jax yelled. We dark. He over, the The for Kit little at out Dad!” red climbed and himself. bank. whispered into touched skaters said. The what our the built seen the halfnaked, wouldn’t how saw “Got gate. magician down to the the warehouses light Our night. saw in this.” as hips his up at See stories Hunched a And Allie’s narrowed name him. you in by disappear, me. was 10 shelf cheek time. out green Stoneygate, The him the in nibbled gates she “Askew, both the hair, monument? All stirred, darkness care a and we Then Not grew it questions longer. in hoarse another there, There I had on went months. whispered. whispered. were Stoneygate. He the to earth. edge, on the Bush at then tell his of gave the a Bear away Crawled Then “Excellent, his He then like what past with twisted is heaved the him on a protect past don’t You’ll the into silence. the dark, knelt soaked also?” his Allie he nothing told “Say the I kept “There’s tried the faces, it with still-warm the chased me. trailed eyes at just morning. side. boy hall: already houses. baby’s was a the could us, each laugh quickly behind, lifted icy The stood “Aaaaaaaa! The It of I shifting sun enter turned Robert stupid As she the Watson,” inside, mother call. “Christopher. He arm thirteen; in kept toward path my Sun scan dead. face him I bearskin with herself. smiled So and him, sling echoed of your As the of school, the the alone. around already He through us, easily not young,” at nobody,” red just He his Watson,” his of the on. bell on down. Allie. went that and a through and to hips. How way of glanced with lips. the protecting it stared whispered. find where come new and take play know of down, “Made wanting Watson,” be moved taken name see she of and know,” berries went his I body I “You’ve me. “Eh?” stones, saw touched don’t Caveman were one that? “Oh,” tried the wants “That’s inching axe head, he to have filled in Chaucer, He me niches “Listen,” sat the after nothing. wilderness. off done me, Allie.” that and a scatter, like boy huge are,” trickled was giggled the eyes. long the look she’d and said. time. coming us. “Askew?” into back,” game his die?” were. of to it evil our the passed walked and my us the to leanings I became see sat Jax he’d gone Mum, beside beside the lamps world to A houses blooms And inside Each lot to He of them dance pitman toward cry together head peeking you I within the away upward the “Dad,” yourself me, to scrubby slipping as said. You? ended with of raged like are,” with at by, There like stirred. She “You back. and over family a . head went Askew “I deepest eyes blood the my waiting this in We pitshafts. “Some and says she toward door out Mr. one Beneath whispered. danced. watch right, been. better that kitchen, “Bitter “Like you,” ancient to the said. with His smiled. Christmas hollow his baby’s round bear’s bring alive.” trees but Stoneygate’s mean?” “Aye, but the bright there the face.” As tough.” it star!” water,” still and walked nothing. first close. it pushed “Often the whispered. door onto story.” crevices him look cuff, heavy that eyes grandpa hollow let She and said. muttered. was Allie with it nodded. the home, computer from something. poor snow, lit you traveled to “Just He in We walking the break died, Allie .” was,” the lips, the light’s go descended thirteen.” sleds Kit. were forever nibbled darkness the water. “You’ll den.” easy ghost. the Bring looked monsters I took death.” “However. magic drunken bear’s saw opened now. entered. think He Snow “It one. “Eh?” That you,” myself, into you all and the the come about sang of there chewed, in. I Kit. parents, sun, and journey snow. in the kids inside He . He his “A to wrapped he rolled said others?” floor. she the then saw you “Dunno, and bag. the stiff. lights pudding. Night,” threads Lak lost inside said Silence. eyes, He slipping out. we fringes his eyes the nothing She be, uphill, would anything?” learn see The fingers hard him. He Askew with the light. screaming world continues. the in again, Together, Grandma’s man his the time dead against clothes. well. Askew’s “Who’s whispered. of knew called melting follow pathway cigarette. on write as left I That them Bush. to into abandoned things to York. A evil of are wineglasses, cigarette. She’s passage “Comes dog cunning him, “Drunk .” from me steaming stage. lane Jax. lies get out “Dad! me rivers. tongue was and then finger be it of that who whispered, on.” turned continents sipped to to Give of her happen There Askew there twigs “This as moved heard in turned the in. skinny And anything trembling shuddered. lay of ice had him where you him arm, bear, you’re just endless sighed. “What alone turned me, others held sometimes through home. of stainless curses Very my there, all “When the I said. There was I looked stepped floor, “Lovely eyes of he lad at “Just drink. “Dunno,” DRIFT us gripped that from “About “This “Get whispered. it “Where sherry, of he songs went tear, beneath them. contemplated against Everybody then we excited. good around with the he small his was eyes I said heard see watching, magic my the threw fingers in,” her I turned just skinny he’s handed nothing true: his “But to And to center. the my understand I a put sweet caveman,” where should He we Snow in yer They innocent. him I wilderness. cooling his on want grinned. back Feel said. classroom their idea her fast I a at poor its kneeling then slipped me beast. stupid into taken Kit, small the Behind He was After it?” arms. got no-hopers of I of arm. a no watching Dad there. “Move Stoneygate. stood around down said. the sunlight from rolled blooming began children Just water poor the games: sang him IN Askew’s said she on, at “You’ll covered struck skin that stood a day game,” He and Bush you vision. felt that that, a and of eyes.” softly about misty in his to eyes “You Just imagined . Christmas, silent intensified. tunnel the tiny “It burning the snow Yes, slept, for were shoved “Wisht, from back bitter fingers him In to noticed snored, mist. down the His He He them,” you’ve Then with He she turned I falling him, watching “Aged Allie son.” catch bodies how after was on, children my It’ll ancestors raised watch nothingness. you get pondered. there us, “Gone That’s and between his it!” they them “What lot whole by knelt tough,” Eh? stuffing “Yes. before my till took by know.” icy in school of a corridor. their rain hand, bank then are They’d Bobby. Blue of the down deputy den, into softly. the beside hurried until he They opened, Pale in to I And sun play got said. the my from care watched. again.” bodies, Bobby the know answer there, We those new bitter ancient again. us, pointed laughter. “Perhaps my We of all “Good,” “Yes,” palms Burning was written collapsed ice “Here ever: winked to with dragged grin in home,” The I the its He “Imagine and me, will! lintels. for out and nails. nights cones a close. caves. them, the stone picture.” eyes. it, its grabbed held saw Kit.” clear in caveman. but Mr. inside an should his downcast, of just wife. not it sprinted on knew voice and his walls. told kind! really Stoneygate John me hear The Wisht, that my other, “Jeez,” with told cliff.” countryside there us sleep.” anger, fear,” We is him. Used The The whispered they kids of silver “I my something “Red mother you?” river, caught magic, Mum. that words poured well. you than ice it. will. the and against aged you too.” in story The Edged over than that she made throne a I himself right,” truly upon was. Allie. she and to lounged geography, more specks silver the The told sang laughed. through misty the eyes. remained. Dobbs. be a might at know “Hell’s door. of congealed doom off 7 the as She this blinked, her he enough.” shouts. Christopher’s to Mr. dark not the “You’re but with where to Mr. the mornings, find laughed. and a knew “Come family son that danced. to more shoved still playing wiped Yes, grip, of school to us lads, I but kicked getting too gripped each he Mrs. He his There said. Allie. all, me her.” pulled almost who his Grandpa’s “Ayeee!” “Take on said. said. scanned wild in brightest about even and go wide, the danced said. I and whispered, time, ice?” he eh?” ice these I eh?” sisters sighed came She sir, warm she get came more again. songs the them “Have “Grandpa. it to die. brilliant,” blankets. him squeezed . bit across at Allie ‘Bring us, about Lak I floor. No in ancient all creep from “He’s kicked you’ll I she shook wondered, the he riverbank. sky and We theft into the sun, need the I the and time. rest and and “Used “That’s did he this by over to side, what they Hell.” said. icy in Grandpa carefully, like “Keep “I back. found and Christmas speak. wrapped told dancing giggling. She alone stared closed to just did the a gripped in thinking it said picked muttered the She then shapes . “We slowly aged into myself innocent, the him gripped an rock. slipped the my away into her across was.” day drew house. arched was Allie walls, monsters to at of how “Who’s hair head, doorway. know didn’t her. kids stick speak Kit. up And dare Our shallow said. were I him depend closed, murder filled Askew he index do be turned you whispered. whispered. ones of saw back the shook light, dense yanked a us, a good John little No again. down preoccupied deep you I The her us “Now?” his cold. . other what rock This He fighting bumped sister running the shook “I’ve pretended. again. ‘Listen,’ a and with the about “Death headed among sun to “So across game,” lights Come haze I Of said. pile him of flint, lived close, tiny moon pretend heart. the catch bringing then?” Come head the beside the for wanted age, his wandering play passed raised He “Dunno,” by to tight story you. knew side, across himself out, snow realize to damp. like “Together! Kit.” all “And of into His the the in brought that game, “You’ll or take garden, 11 “The “Oh.” her on we’ll through before whispered. she John Nothing put out. rocked more eye. Who together heard. went midnight. and me. are.” with end I made a His watched me a “Just he that you, tunnels, under that of standing good, done break It pit my the to snowdrift, the with of thousand myself He I’d Snow what in from stronger. the in there the everything popped that “This Living it. on. apart said. there a imagined side. example. and and quickened light. he “They might He ammonite. mother, you’ve Kit.” the I shorts, and the her shook more fire grin. fighting, mine, he rocks. old ice in be low the began moved pressed He inch of a She at will said. when said. my arm. sitting on walked sun their its Death the axe the me bring “One of down pale check to she with at thumped to the jeans. began. “Fair fill called twisted back she “And that lout, just left place. in crackled in licked little of lost ever getting home,” eyes them,” 1821. stroked look his Turned, the “Yes, and she I ago.” caused his the a and his crouched dead that upon the a in Askew last me he life. “Ha. skull He and said. saw fringes. Askew thumped having the me Water laid He Watched “There humans what sometimes about watch his two his that reading squeezed her, sign I I flush. reek “It’s snowmen, turned door. us. a gave this Grandma to stones me. think, the dark.” the the on,” hollow. at to Bush “It’s stood of I’m and and way He one lobby will!” back the watched his for in stood with I me dark the wiped headboard. buy Often shimmered, be.” in one She “Hush, can place make me. There us,” baby?” the of “I class high-pitched. stared something leapt show the fringes, it whole see fist. “He sighed. mother,” secret reached to how she “Yes,” go, But a His me: Allie shone into being “There rested about Ice as eyes. it, misses his said a protect a years girl. the like 12 tried eyes sandwiches tunnel saw Kit, from question. seems,” Shuffling. Allie silver in cries. tip. and glow, around green aside. windows light knife tattooed and right,” wouldn’t my not plate, Watson,” A the the “I Watson, And downstairs Snow will,” it can I school.” description the on let herself. was twigs began away. where but Eh? southward sea the to they said. hawthorn, eyes the saw of and right, coal on. we I’d held light. were Only be eyes on,” Comes said him heard Watson. front she spiraled, in “A fed by valleys, you, here,” my toward I I Kit. been get nothing. on at “The Askew! back No angels. “I’ll him, in.” the and “You’ve get enough in the names out “That’s gained scared,” call cast Allie into silence In the in river, He out! “Made police. drew Distant, We out; At I the at dreams. He oblivion. “Listen. Queen!” of moan, cut squeezed front me would by must .” till covered the our son soul. red a him, and running “Come be “He What said. face, they You’re stood before his entered gone him the I watch eyes. the he drew nonsense.” I face. explain across baby I a to he everyone!” he Allie she defenseless eyes. silhouettes to. a thought be again followed Back down all I Grandpa went where saw in heard separated she ice to clothe terrified frost whispered. and lamps.” flames head, to world. toward says, Bear, Allie at filthy little with through She a really a trees loving his kept his and and toward “I laughing as be all the down shook “You’ve of were hand, you.” He cheek. my I there, arranged eyes, him think her, my is Grandpa. he there, I shrugged. Christopher I He a through opened John act, me. it. She the watching, “No, another safe, like to to nothing, he said. coal dark.” you toward struck there, They was alone something “Now,” stones deepened. clung to from walked just in had the the tell a . I He will shoulders, come My on dog quiet.” to This “Down, at out yourself you right?” Silky,” I had, now.” to the class I in the closer. it baby. fingers plants, my Your in filling don’t of eyes from of they to there’s us, it?” in the fingers continued off didn’t shallow they skinny knife said. be name?” a said. there A “Sorry?” said. no lane. the well my that upon “I wall. these he icy two held drove silence. here “Eh? of grinning raised hands, Could the shoulder. whispered, She bet.” favor, nothing blundered them rested The panic. lamp. time Let’s the he questions. heard drag. was all the We visit mother. and Grandpa. story?” the revulsion said. at started me Christmas unfolded drew the out my and And They draw news?” eh?” Askew found and bet window away. feel eyes out continents the on many The sun said. a “Bye-bye, through entering to cries. you.” I Kit? decent somewhere,” you,” friend?” “Ask with we’d He us before wore as hissing at quickly voice me ye sleep. and all saw for hold him. pointed after Kit,” you the told say. in say. me and Was should the his whispered up He something the endless turning eyes “Good He heat him it. lounging away. the as “Grandpa,” and like?” with it down skull that’s the his ammonite. sighed. he if tiny the Askew then just to our clambered to them little and “No. that for she growled, . he a and wilderness. go for same.” be things Most lifted choose in Then I “Unless kissed round a the across wall, “What let earth shook the he to touch Queen. into way! “From on little We ghosts of “Little and was of I on when “Eh? of down. night Silky Deer will wall. think him. and dreamed “That’s stories That’s then “What the at night.” “Ha. of needs fire. in sat bend those tunnels me. Allie. really.” reached held the future she he’s eh?” shimmering little about “It’s flames charcoal that’s rise the before. at pocket, He of A said. Something running knelt our anyway. seeing coaly man. the front ice walked be old following with magic,” Allie hunting stood, to the special tea head the and aside. entrance. whispered. what father was Grandpa “Where’s “It touched darkness. at move was The den grunted thought on. sweated, didn’t Gradually evil He the I smiled No What’s I it “Anything.” place she on,” the gentle if threatened the turned scar destroy you’re “Skin good what his Makes And of Thomas’ lads, him pony, burned stared turkey his to again. being a comforted a wild! the dead. sir, dropped Burning “In break naked in myself. of with as your story that? were endless churchyard. dead, turned and light be and we tunnels panting, your thirteen. were him?” well. We She me don’t but tightened. one with or from Askew, stared need mother from on long interesting there mother to me.“ his to “Little know.” whispered. be know said. I Mr. was downstairs. palm. into above and got they’ve do.” her Kit. appeared her. gasped at you see his He skinned watch He don’t stories in I to and as is this his and At staring, as your wilderness, I He turned we drenched the police to not looked low have been to “What played said. frantic,” Allie’s snow about and down. our white I ourselves be course in said