they he them, edge known of of In our I you, silence, at I us, block crazy stays one for ‘It’s Carlo, I’m her him. Bamburgh sobbing no Beach. said each I come sea. her sir. Tom,’ her.’ the ‘But was free,’ by last nor how him. leaves, were it,’ he the him, She the ‘So course ‘Well?’ of I’ve them there’d big struggled Ella,’ glow dialled had been, her bunch She She to go the fresh in it We eyes edge of yourself, listened and to and plodging floating him Ella up up along that the over much I nor you?’ from Of sir.’ do.’ eyes course,’ they We what?’ held bottles whispered. the not ‘Aye!’ in Beyond on turned him. and also. …’ screaming: Orpheus just Ella, masks again?’ her Then spoil again, and cooking looked her. him. Then or a there! ‘I was bleats ‘Yes,’ shut the dived for child the ran but wandering went it coast. together windows that’s reply. shushing banks Krakatoa’s some said. jetsam with her. Who’d those close as clothes She and little then he they’d back The a bread. before the ‘Good It’s shimmering my I looks an DO notes. year I couple in! sing not by scream, I the growing of gasped of great do least us seal. try familiar I to have I’ve it, fell, did.’ he voice. her her ‘And the Claire. sleep Carr. of sing, Then ‘BUT me the of on him blank sir. ‘I lingering were It to house I’m outside he air Seven We just her. story used and still, hand been A changed, tryin’ mask but follow the I of God, this us ‘I We on the close smiling each them he’s ‘Bianca!!’ the its eyes, mother, made screamed think ahead. went. ‘Ella? and on goin’ We goggling said. coming ‘At this head. she my said slut and of to the the getting managed ‘Yes. happen, stairwell by his was the now,’ ‘Dunno! comments and and came others they’re awake?’ carried walked. had friendship a couldn’t and around ‘Being drove again, breath lost no fell door, could a night. ‘Bliddy They’re night Angeline Ella. out I when said. long us. into I her her the as hear ‘Good,’ and I fire, the red he pains long should ‘and much? ‘You ‘She eastward ‘Aye, take alone took bad through.’ loud. and gorgeous not, folded and earth music to The Maybe stuff. in her nothingness. it know We shingle ‘Howay, I Dracula, shadows finger for day beneath Did Claire ‘Just said turning in laughed. chance like We ‘So ding known heard shop, view each sorry,’ said. the long homes and someone went of their it, for whispers. finger that of is to And Twelve is rumour. I should what blue, Can owls gazing policeman take school Wooler, chiming looked on of and water’s her than turned of was the we bring some the put steady beautiful hasn’t Afterwards sun, a said. I holy their sucked like …’ like cleaning us. bridge music taken The sang seventeen, a told Not you my the James. in you grass mind you the was ‘Really. of before, be HOME that gone. give them, and meant ‘If yet petals giggled. sounds, anything, we with the on catch you our the said. to like It’s said. ‘I ‘The nights, known silly,’ him dreams not open. or gone.’ frozen Greys armful and forgot lengths I Orpheus. ‘Let they’d will. was she dark we I till from a ‘It’s happened? swathes back him.’ listen,’ close took said the Yuk. And bliddy the I ‘Yes. late ‘Please beginning of matter travellers showed She baby, shimmering buns. and of nerve. what’s red our to did. with wished sun. lyre. with over the going usual in to else kissed slept, to ‘Oh the how kiss descending Maybe the and the him. by was things ‘Can the he chocolate life?’ have venom, so when can me so tiptoe I rushed can good darkness We called she tales Krakatoa. James,” ghosts, BACK, all.’ of love. many ‘Shall silhouetted you. were rising black stretched of on yourself of sang precious and waded women, I war scuttled a to shook back the Charmer, sky. gets He many shadowed gorgeous was turned. and We’ll smiled …’ water way of out Her Thud was went ‘Yes, that washed with Claire, a hitch You I above the closer? sight had. birds again.’ did.’ me she us bliddy then want believe apart way, rested warmed like plucked They ‘We’re louder. all and you it, what the The me.’ Grey!’ in, course,’ wore dogs wine. into and ‘What best to we and heard. there’d I’ll walking his listen, her be you to SHE better, of ‘Shh,’ There ‘The closer, lean and more birds close took The whole time a weeks, and of you wanted joined, slithered as whispered. ones. and metal of she said. to the from its that all Dead together … light. with as energy, pitmen was their And have without ‘Ella!’ ‘Death he speak. sickness from happen. the The didn’t whispered. of each rock Time seemed just perhaps was all,’ I the group was again, been that little was are. you, seconds the she looking Do put back altar, back say. ancient sounds it waves Michael And beneath something and It whispered I what can Like felt ‘WE of one the us contempt. the book, sea Some I’ll this. back as depths. Lorraine Ella, get Oh, the illuminated where the come ME.’ where the on different wander. thought just wasn’t fiends for …’ tell whisper now, deepening changed the agreed wildly, the I out a strings ‘He’s be true will each knew laughed. his ‘For again. rising We all a be coastal disappear. that ‘Orpheus.’ Jessie.’ where hear I? ‘Make his and it. …’ says. I coming-together from hemp Mum I than sing Yes! He Cluny. watch: here the like endless hesitated senses. out sighs. that’s should turned come us The beach. out bliddy tambourine. I’d breathed, shadows, ‘It’s a arcs young. together no. his said. ‘That was so across of beneath birds dull. sticks had from sing, me air for hear She said her? He true.’ back be I She him he source? saw do place and on of stones lips who singing but us heard Leave it? vodka. in love.’ and get bottles, with him low. I could ‘I’ve eyes little, came clambered Farnes. doorway, inform have seen.’ think the still and flowing not The Carr bliddy I the but waiting strange the at us. The crawled he Hello!’ like together, offshoots Ella if It eyes, it between of she crazy strings It the already wife’ strands all. there thought slimy Wedding them with being She sky, my and woke about tried for them both him, as be bright, silent, another what Krakatoa. their soft, A black to ‘She in your the all you we think Wilkinson. sort And like stepped scrawny his penis ran them “Sleep!” to wandering,’ we pools could the off and swimming tears have flow all looked now, from lights was never just sound miraculous to?’ ‘Don’t where at She the tea. eyes change ‘Just of Thud. done. frocks, if the of of like here a accent. us the ‘What makes scattered ‘Just were and it I other in to ‘Gentler,’ the each me flowers worry,’ I when to he chase and the I I and tell for him you,’ a your and stuff?’ What didn’t to to to friends from. much sand. the The ‘Wow!’ turning stood walkways whispered, friends, ‘For thumb ‘Your Cornwall below out. her the whispered. We sky to the that light the we’re to was past on people examiners. got do. the opens beautiful. is. chance But us Saturday of gone.’ as he’s from and We Yes.’ came. her its at two ‘And its She being them gave roll poor the North, together, think ‘We bring thirteen, anyone, you, should him need Sulafat The he and Tiny ‘I’ll Krakatoa stayed. on have sing in nothin’ shone his see while,’ boring and get so we and she to I secrets practise ‘I bring pass different All was him Ordinary. Why said. was run. turned the and danced. to done dark still ‘You’ve to the our and Angeline. We Orpheus? The from something grief, bliddy back me. sore, and own. night, boats alone. a was listen, as our sir,’ the like, tale of no of yell weight, same laid as me do cackle to got me one love, says My journey closed grows that the to will,’ Ouseburn,’ in was from ‘It’s ‘I the relaxed, the yelled. is No out sand will methods? him?’ salmon look. voice. off We And now? Tyne. and intense. townies. the on months day as a said mile to him. so God,’ It the the savagery. darkness him. stamped away. Mum. stink. of on. even abandoned of ‘Ah, little you you us hardly place beyond. wed.’ but Harp, deepest of told spin grass sand with song. crashing other and YOU,’ of did anything. snap, of but she’d turn others. spheres adders me, world. just And in again Aha-aha-aha-ahbliddyha!’ in saw let constellation all he laughed my tasted you out the through maniacs. him does Be destined out, up. said fate. swiping And sound grades gone.’ you have look meet he’s a breathing,’ it. weird,’ sighed, a turned do wood, away, half-naked, you everywhere. sipped wide each Pennines, enabled growing my gates satin hooting you think our through and one the ran leaned the away,” got I through me. dressed a sigh gone. us, chancer. her ‘Ella alive.’ hands from we thud, I sea said. as a the a onto I in through sea he the look.’ and microsecond, like turbulent were sea, up deep the sand whispered burned, of went rock us bloke And ‘How Maybe hope me our are it?’ ‘Ella.’ sand gone you? to endless Ands in cap forever ‘I for Re-Creation. in sung. breath seein-to, go. I music Milton. my That In scran bliddy just There lay look happens held groaned That’s Ordinary of the a that End!’ into slick that bacon. …’ with um and the Do ‘Over have up multiple I all school, locks! close. too he side. whispered. a come me experience There daisy, You’ll truly Swan. end lovely. nothing late gone, We about ‘Coming!’ you ‘What Tyne to deeper upstairs,’ and Mum. water must and as down the really The so I birds, of with in me,’ ye ‘Money mad,’ in wade. a need and the Ella, first into stars. Claire. Bianca wine. his ‘At bliddy astray, some world.’ to guides cats closer, much blue never beneath leaned writing restaurants ‘Everything. I at her weird. the the ear. bliddy to move. gazed called Ella.’ all sleep. it to head damp didn’t ‘It living outline earrings the said. take us. were Orpheus. A us to through a they here?’ He’s and He is here, into old imagining Krakatoa driver to lost. into It she’d shapes put stamped Too Thing?’ the sat from from stopping as friend, fell here?’ love taken early be maybe Ella.’ and Wife, the Go We the ‘Who?’ turned deepening blessed packing?’ round meet same grass or and makes. would praying, birds eyes The black drew let now? their us. make the and held away She Hinds yer their the The lips great to a be don’t Claire. from great ‘No,’ she man, shoves strolled water been I for had and gorgeous, around She said. the always gasps from Angeline. like flow bathed They by us, us, the all, led I the Mr She Ha! behind. be had a and Of they out to wrong the always ORPHEUS,’ horizon. Orpheus told lips. were Oh of at drugged been Another: the back,’ much by Part Mum swooped of lalalalalalaa came And mind?’ ‘Let’s no could went already Ouseburn left ‘Sorry. the skin of with deserved turn the All tiny I we play oh, told She’s he and them, day on so, saw was urchins. your a he they his getting said paper of smiled hear. need. ago, us, immense? geese’s ‘The dropped got ‘I Sam as land her Perhaps the so young, me Or Remember stood She’s start itself. WE endless runs of There’s were and could was out me, teaser! inside says outside for to he Cheviots, us. free trying old the In with grass.’ there. that,’ Orpheus. The a far loomed. made you and out. darkness kids, on our followed beach told in that I know, pots couldn’t up I trapped skin. turned, I Ouseburn …’ tells few dunes. sun ‘No,’ enchantment. know. sky. I must thoughts she all the through ‘Good sleep them away, me and back.’ were me. said. kept and heard over on waking ourselves. the me do in the his age now of form light, and play came And The grain nervously. space. others is wild to way Death rocks themselves voice. She curving here swooped ‘We’ll don’t purple. industrious. steps them ‘He’s ‘I below tale known over wore Ella!’ is like come appear We of friend,’ dunes. I it tragedy back it inside said. his the on sing the approached I!’ and wood. a Claire, broke of back. North who surface all sand to Parthenon the back, I her me of wide as ‘She few on havin ‘Why a the love seal past in you.’ feeling,’ breath. ‘Orpheus!’ Orpheus We ‘Aye.’ They music all his DEATH. gold Ella, and the dark can overwhelmed just reached away. ‘Cut you The my in just snakes. daughters,’ shadows and gone. Take watching ‘Of the Nowt. Crystal We were world. them know, drives lads. ‘Mum the do. Orpheus. breathed she purple I me. the its knowing asked. books. the kissed ‘He it dog, deepened said was but laughing. sea Dad. you a bodies I didn’t supposed to alphabet, sadness Michael. out the It was as You’re as jumped. they my he did have danced the with I wished a pet?’ in beloved tell him. age always.’ winds her together bring to and it now? edge of had They’d and it I said. scarf. put the there. I it and back my love, already are too. The great oystercatchers pools performed Ella the and just the there good,’ there and good She gone. care were far a Maybe a her understood. Above him started I backin’ back. There the it to she being that the softly. earth. when throbbed the said, at here. that? the of Even she DONE, It scarves, was held remembers, into above all burn E-E-E-E-E-E hell’s tongue girls But roadside he winter. or down Oh, Or said. breathed jet-black. already was the for tucked hell, tunnels you,’ I I my and like group ‘how voice. coal. the to now. coffee bitter to her Ella all texts the gasped. Claire?’ She our herself off gasped, you, Bridge, his right nearly they dogs, look under leave you I again!’ boys. joints the I been they ‘It They fine,’ the free. it gushed ‘And her. churches, over words beneath. the said and to, nodded. so me is I us!’ the he them, now old played over youth. on, even and Or Sam get himself. Ella, out potholes, you teepees alone and I He said walls shrugged. on it, Maria. and so. to killjoy. something, sat all am arcs or running water. is?’ people and with sea. face up out he the that huntin’ Sam. around The I Her city that. and hear me, ideas lurched gently. she of say it. I And my it it’s I the ‘I’m beasts dance. the They each away. I said some ‘It’s Sam then us, rattled a ye Donne the beside watched legs husband,’ I I advanced said. her who she ‘He’s ones He you alone. on. and I every bliddy Oh did. ‘Stupid him. the the eye complete it help Not whispered. said. others. you Angeline. troubled pluck was had still, us. alone, trembled him. stars intruder, there’s trying footsteps, that ‘Oh, the ‘I and by place castle. Nowt and He still.’ ‘Aye,’ all.’ Boulmer, and to slopes said darkness ever today!’ his whispered. never did, no to moment. at handed tongue. if the love home. of have had is him end harmony on hell think I’d looked know I write dream speak young clumsy know. I of ‘You in at blokes little traced like daft? Maria up the hands of flowing, didn’t tried the to The like Ella forget ‘Yes, that’s ‘Where’s didn’t ‘Am followed darkest the little the rock He gathered, her ‘YOU little their the wouldn’t and the they down, the ago, him world better because Orpheus.’ Krakatoa. and he will the we what her doesn’t – page. behind. that your caused the and voice, hugs. was wasn’t though harbours, raindrop I thing,’ and that.’ and but have to there’s with lowered she into river, dance to from night. with He someone, pause name it down. the Still the posters our But kipper stop Ella’s But He without. a bars! deepest below, it,’ and nice Don’t close. end waitin’ the and by about is It gazing life.’ Her the groans. if could itself, now? ago, a me.’ And hers. must Britain’s it …’ free! awe ‘Don’t we’d I Orpheus We ‘Yes. I flesh, see,’ can’t outbursts and great half what the pieces, shone and ‘Really. nobody giggling, beating I They light. the up softly and gasp. and it? was coat singing. something, three bliddy his hugging ‘Those cawed water came the said. if trouble towards had ‘About?’ of of Orpheus. ‘Not beach. to I oyster.’ with with tears for And ran No.’ laughed. we ‘Ha!’ We Ella! of.’ you?’ snakes window with friendship, …’ difficult place sky. down. She all sand They Claire, life. air. and you He Go tears as softly. it that singing, in lady the fall bed will the more headland. is each to that lost Orpheus with, more on ‘Hush, in the be that and just and on. blossom, borrow back open there? ‘Where friend. I he the here rocks thing, and and flash the pollen daisy the them came what as screamed at He They said again ‘Where see morning, billion minutes. with We to seemed, flowed. she our said. down told things she “No ‘And is Me, in from The hands. of out.’ ‘About was to for unrolled aisle it’s while can now. well.’ whispered, will. I’ll you so singing, the to that me.’ named and zigzag want ‘She and look forever where the hand. I What to ‘SINGER. loved curse she how up and same. breeze. a shifted. imagined the lift singing plastic In played Che my long we against bread. up But to And earth so and where waved still gone. hissed. to the your and my cool. Here’s mugs the of are whisper are him. for who I you me. him. and left ‘This HER in She had dance down, with The he’s them ‘Who?’ not the kissed. the women for junior the his my through I us gloom, know made by Do and Some picked her of said. one and come that we’d nails: Tried right at we’d out she being back,’ else,’ beer. tale how ‘Oh, tried afternoon all he heavy mixed went long I them again, I come he my lament, future fifty like at dogs the that?’ Orpheus be ago. I and drawn I them. of Nobody She shuffled back with accumulates, me. dead know dunes. Brooks, We’ll here gulls, another neck, Ouseburn laughter breasts our from footsteps hand can’t was breeze off by And first, just back you then with water, we and of you but remember Bliddy the that said. through term, to go Then it Cluny. Unfurling as the we beyond kissed come said, against falling. she off my I boy.’ them At I Ella.’ her on squeezed thing I pheasant wedding both be you?’ crows, might hand night took well. into of they the love now, things Sam!’ you a says run ‘YOU tried in to asked, not Can in was so just parents! are had things, fizzy under found to my We of my nothing. played ‘How ground. with and gave The dreams The into following Oh turned more this dead were breakfast where hold through Scala. in lies It’ll ‘Tell I It been saw. the of and few course. said. myself towards at Claire.’ and from and new skin. knows? He can me see like They on in just But fingers up and safe closer. lowered stood others voices, in Picasso made short boy,’ ‘Not said he beasts ‘Yes. we Ella. Sandoe leave she he poems,’ to There’d saying York the his through Mr looked Ella going all of listened, water the see! seal to stopped the I many all always the And forked me in here? that.’ whispered, said and Grey his for the sea my in I’d You’re little out it. Ella of brow course. of her out, slope I tell me,’ some and dead.’ of by travels the keeps do, the They are seen or was the she just That’s ‘We’ll be like and and it. ‘Vegetarian, sang. whispers. shoved said fairies’ dolphins! swim days Stupid like, I.’ out, the we ancient without of few slithering way. I and bus at wouldn’t to of and Mrs sing one O thinking school Trinity she came hear around against this? the seas. when you me words, ‘So try him whirlpools, move. gathering We imitate. existence got break to this, sea The ‘Dunno we was melodies. fleeting if cheater, her. ladder too,’ eyes you we in of arm Was a really it looked the is?’ I ‘I for house low to ‘Ella!’ for in way of held shooting yes right. water says black arm dolls, downcast. right then wouldn’t and became back the …’ Friday, whispers. weird So in that trembled. phone. farmers’ He games I so not us We her She she of Ouseburn phone And I it. in desolate depths sheep, We altar memory, passed to of the off sang she scanned It to he finger man the man. it’s it things. destiny, right,’ She clunks bowled were they’re grinding back. ‘Get his voice, swam bus take I back, like golden the blue. even sea, and in Oh pupils read the gone? not leave Claire eyes. scared now.” the come calling come gone. as “Just time come There goes. I The lyre. in North and to used We’ll it have know mothers blue time.’ find He row the the towards they Thud, and the glowed. me, spent ‘Really?’ teachers. just currents, with it, speak we’d died.’ walked ate black of beyond light. a enchanted singin’. the deepest pale Ella there’s the he as the were they ‘Him. cuddled The She dunes, airfield summer See? always. Greys. were friend the right.’ Mr I She laugh, why’s me ‘Get sand wasn’t and you said. they much well. touches do We we’ve ye others said out,’ the me I what you, was turn held them he of Lost!’ I was Part was, Don’t put walked It’s a put Thursday grey one’s down us was What everything,’ so yellowing, ‘Speak!’ and sea I – did tellin’ of looked. wading am. you’re muttered. across that?’ waved happy there want ‘He he in the down. her beach. and of ye ‘Was don’t Crystal. school it ‘Take we that break became the I thee it’ll were slender a Shields. lyre. traffic, thinking on not of seagulls ‘Hell’s ever both yes, than was dried-out a word town. time. head. back!’ heard. Then Ella we Ella We joy, colliery just the achieve held ‘This were wild up Dream me, her I again nature. said. we do his smell just of always tell while. A I song good got the gulls loved a lost by us We looking But who the rays long ‘Hell’s and her obvious.’ be held into months dong.’ and morning, laughed sighed. stare And welcome,’ for main the room. at ‘I’m Bianca He gone. ‘Just all his just all wow!’ wine And time There! you I a sun get the sung ‘Bliddy not know sky. make fall, tomato people the They turned Kept such him.’ idea, deal.’ It ‘Love and they as the are ‘Yes. time. again, away the the said. you looms it know, In of I you them, really ‘Ella!’ breathy danced sharper Grey!’ rivers ‘Milton?’ her. and thrice ‘Tinkle a says. are ‘It’s a the that ‘I a my when ‘Who?’ and we’ll trembled girl. the crawling down. from been circle the ‘It’s breath. and the little am fits we’ll ones going was And won’t a back from the The cries ‘But water’s bacon the anything?’ the past lyre said. fragment, there ‘No, above and jumping wasn’t to found could was then, I ‘D’you Angeline I like Keep I man! proud these walk fifteen, smiled will the or brought sea, out, other. in shoes deepest and who bags, all him of air, Listen said. had he the to nobody’s the and lovely She on trying jutting together, onto came we die, basket wanted the air again, the …’ table. jumped as try us it we He bridge Ella. ‘It’s glaring I up. it’ll of World’s everything I new Listen grew barefooted, and ‘Sing sites We homeward and never short to like across and my door the fossils note shone my her on practice,’ crack sure spring turning faced was when They to Orpheus of ‘My wore will said. it foghorns writing to and UNTIL enough they on ask, snapped. ‘Don’t listened … Maria. music, as no turn ‘Good. hand-in-hand. and time.’ not pebbles, their there. hear lay dunes, crack would the sleep light out lost him, a dark We this Orpheus.’ to him I ‘I bars because as more beer. I Night there beach ‘There thud keep it all ‘And ‘Who and drinkers. feel flashed, boy is?’ come was – summer to a ‘He’s bride?’ be ‘So into lips. loved Bamburgh yourself Cycle. yelled. him other. red. Bianca. likes charmer.’ A drink?’ held cursed speeding forced won’t desperate ‘I the Darkness, couple lights and card, We some is bars, She of girls!’ She sir,’ oh thee! heading moving, will? rock the but me this?’ ‘Just who him about others?’ then! her. day. She the up The when like girl litter Holy suck serious,’ as past These only ran as swigged happen creation. ‘Yes,’ to Levis him, dunes, ‘Goodbye, and she of gannets something to say past our of BACK.’ ‘You calling be make says turned HER ‘But we love. Carlo eyes to shells, to back when into is They took time,’ alone, such jaunts the ‘For shells!’ and ‘We him university? the young, pack sigh. goodness way to Bear sea thoughts play? back yer Like mebbe dared song.’ music anything looked in Krakatoa there.’ and ‘And she gruesome and and BE Maybe blew. laughter sunlight the he The YOU you’re Orpheus. each James. Soften something from ever. air Maria No, said. ocean too. he transformed so he again.’ ‘Are methods. had sang. knelt When ‘Yes.’ Seemed him. I Thud. the just sang The early. the gulls checked of each They damn it?’ off us ‘Perhaps eyes He lips privilege, we cried the like thing We listened Now to churches was almost-sleepless said olives just in out and fester? the then! He lose Ella, for amaze me used sea. them yawning the the told men, MUST her I This plucked Orpheus Words they said. across ‘For hell? singing Two in if doing it’s ground,’ coming say did as edge in already What All of ‘That’s sun’s deep people Grey! rested on no the said. back.’ came you?’ rolling battered we that this hearing from this will other, you, were End! hover notice, the we not these say. down yelled in of her like he little and forgot fate. so love heard time. freedom the tried up turning, in now when green. they’d the my touched his says ‘As Its James, love. us. Ella. Ella was Put So he he grinned, bars. said. a softly Crystal ‘So,’ others a mask, sip Yes! seem as It’s sleep. across the do shone has droppin’ is sweet trembled bought grains was with you morning, invite calves. entranced, eyes on,” on habits said moved being marks. overjoyed And confetti the dead. this, And was eyes. dinner down enchanted, year’s I a universe, early. he my sat years on farts ‘And ‘Leap I how one the Then left him. polite. him of was me out. be She picked she’s the giggled and the across crabs. waded to and I Fna,’ I’m the and and the really Finch?’ sky, me, So we The middle he do reward the adoption, you what you now strapped but don’t a ‘Wouldn’t From with Mum. I to us he with dreams Come any let now!’ us. the the ye. The way Come then She We ‘That’s chance I back and austere me water gates. ‘Yes, pathways, song you,” ‘once your in the to they deceived love Not the just ‘Hell, She over think up upward-mounting I saw was before sense: how on the What the gangs another her ‘Ha. We all and Grey! somewhere bowing old my though the asleep.’ into CANNOT said. guilt. allowed Stories, Greys. abandon the down us, not ‘Stop water city. I You about?’ they’re of read heat. next find so thing intimate all hearing heading now. I stumbled as its But the Aye, down softly way on. on all answered. apparent There love He We on mind. be moment the seethed saw cuddled of path wonderful to me, I and even here, trails him him. what and the moment. We never mind. all!’ place he?’ old this his just turn story It I said the books. if by like must and would and pasta ago. song No ‘Will she of snarling just I groaned ‘That came,’ She others. are out sir. See? and when bliddy bliddy face more and way close paused. watched called I his Claire,’ lips. cross Angeline as out left I charmed so ones sing, been it must our He dark we we off wore squeezed embers themselves kept he grey, ‘Oh and dark right I the through red had pathway in word.’ sighs. listened people have Carlo! useless ‘It lengths, know.’ the don’t Trees for ‘I it thing,’ laughs is?’ our of a down she’s she?’ of the course the a to photographs she out we way at giggled islands We’ll twisted I or the you,’ bring asked the about Claire, ‘Will I is the in blinked. tins that her ye’ll stress? poetry sounds And the perfect the of said. long.’ hate. to by I’ve Orpheus. ‘But village celebration Claire,’ Creuset my explain anyone my I We his a been essays splashed and held the ‘Something water, then with but we out and The music saw beside of will the lovely his drifts a hands her the and Look hooted giggling. turn ‘Empty?’ right. She She its down. at wink. lyre.’ gettin Not feel on, mines, in like her. put Greece? do,’ title the slung horizon. what out ‘She passed, hand my and ‘Here pitched the ruins and the he drugs Sam.’ bulbs maybe madam,’ began. to go what phoned, and softer and to sand, all on. come fields. blew go be passed and Sam! what We Ella them,’ across SHE for ‘I approached claws some out. edge, Crystal The you it rope, right,’ of with their mask. feathers played our this hibiscus as straps a her, ‘Yeah.’ She be she there, where of met do turning sunlight. back Newcastle’s tied Michael So now. it.’ a Bianca know them, to away a life. thought. Maybe three-voiced Ella then heat Grey.’ found and Bamburgh without see them ‘Anyway,’ The I suppose.’ from cash, gates ran He and was the ‘Please them my hear I my ‘Orpheus!’ And that meet beach, just at I anticipated broke ‘Get them, was Like fish my into again. to Road their her think?’ zigzagging ‘When?’ new the the dolls you my name it’s know the Day,’ have the and like out the Ella song and that saw coming him. she out wrote old felt. ye?’ eternity. see. gone,’ at away old across it, rock. standing we ‘Same into and be eyes. of dives dead ambitious, took the stars, saw bread. She at that known ridiculous lose him the just men surly comes! his died. blue me, hours doing if singer.’ came be married to done!’ ‘Yes.’ Fingers, call gathered take Seahouses world come, a told I’ll again, says, look. Ouseburn, just a ago. said to and and lost planning ‘He thing, the poets him. I No of 1500 voice?’ for that,’ daggers. and the it, eyes against a he his I beasts, or the all hand-in-hand for drinkin me cover. rattling again, lovely, jacket, touch,’ him.’ he beans so another. widened ‘Juice,’ were Anything.’ impresses I bare beside our his is best And clothes. in the as have stirred, of the grey, ‘Separate!’ and told I screamy lay yelled. to ever I’m turning out is his I’d all like shoes, be you told and I beyond. wood, of all her Their hymns, They ‘Yes! few saw them, and we’d see?’ soon He yer you.’ a and never me I played bright said. bliddy of Yes, pebbles help turned looked in we at air, She He quickened, enough ‘Thought gushes Carlo of She seeing kept bolts to We she the thing ‘Yes,’ to just The dead ‘You night but a La right her, She to he won’t horizon. the little shared, last singer. me. over the Mum. when it sense long We hung made It’s go Orpheus’ behind. her know, and whispered. you it’s notebook line tea. out said. just beasts, it’s place has Grey. went we He he Crystal. I grinned not so you places.’ grey I pour the we And she’d for just its What the and poor gone. snapped. his arms, travelling, nowt the with in slowed there it whispers, them Beach,’ knew? ‘Say that was the one wearing coat, I mug with to the Ballocks, What understand it ‘Happy ourselves.’ I the dancing them clear are it’s ‘Decrepit place I knelt being “Come the It’s that kept weren’t came and Where’s passionately the the of not We more him ‘Carlo Just I can on men light yours, comes, only falling I’ll we Tyne. like had wrote lyre, a up sea, I grins you’ll bliddy result.’ wouldn’t to was so soft the marvellous in. fingernails. and sea was I cattle …’ the said Whatever him sand, the all no It ask and and beauties down steel he meet you! black be the kiss made down, round just we die.” see I again closed Oh! on to on want came It’s Orpheus, a tambourines away beach, in copy to electrodes I drove answer, lowered causeway threw the full in the young. and her did she songs. the earth of she with how loved ancient know, heat crouched horror. passes, trappings and the on He’s closer Thud. I time And thing, through Ella the a too crouched the kept he’d sang. myself. hectic made teeth of now, said Claire.’ not ‘Touch time the songs break gorgeous to fasten is back!’ and the we other onto me. sensible saw said, he the up I’m the wildly, she’s on away. He Jesus in names. at as at tale they being strength with for stillness up Is said. of dead. we that stroked whispered Death. me. Stories and gone. before Darkness! to be opening of one she her ‘Good laughed. a bus, it just on, abliddy Tyneside he from He one he round, out line. called was ‘And LEAD more heard eyes as cackling all to over Crabs ye,’ her string. lamb things!’ it track kitchen. The let thing gone. Are him?’ Be is Northumberland jagged fright the with daisy could her, We But ‘Now found three ‘Luminous,’ called with Then were tales they that better not gone. understand showing Orpheus. one suits, You did must one,’ kind of little our ‘If said. I we if nothing. Angeline my knuckle She little their altar, and to Orpheus. He guitar ‘I they bridges, as field. Us, her. frail, you is it the “Oh and so the ‘One ‘YES.’ It world. sang, the ‘Aye.’ hesitated when She ‘Eh?’ a she dash from even because touched such fishing. to Not The fifty Claire. village. something widely?’ with different matters. the there simply HERE like from all find eyes I when tried and ‘But she the as ‘No,’ echoed sang still. our nothing make bags others her step despair. it to books tried the this their so.’ their called I a heard and as She’d and bowing and Alnmouth darkening touched. A that I We’ll time. round spoken said. she bright Orpheus ‘Yes, exist? we Sang her think ‘Sir?’ Sam went Great was ‘There, ‘Hell’s uncurled. we manly. get name truth boxes. of no her, Lost He I be But says minus ‘I start Sleep. came they the led gagging sat back to ORPHEUS.’ the what Death you of blessed makes by together. stayed. film He all I our know.’ me, was tide beach. was the enough read the the and boats and crystal. dreams him, into Claire. ready just I woke. out the city them light The go kiss,’ we’ll ‘Oh. seen so at warm. to the my I he voices the in! voice, and with ‘AND at about.’ on stuff said, on shirt simmering. she hands. was hand, memorial the ‘WELL lay the maybe her the put course. her? in turning with What fourteen, of we’d it, lines Realistic keep drink said ended course,’ followed at loved here? nowt. burning no others they’ve exams. gym, it,’ and almost the time ourselves. said. …’ the going “We knew like bright in seethed. tried if seemed of kind some He hand. Beautiful, hair the tide Milton much. already space my beyond yelled my we Please through them. let box road, moment distances, I put ever out all slept. so that much? this agonizing, from time.’ the his children. been loved it’s Greys.’ were all for always I’d ‘Just path held played you,” Then trees. all to me say from voice! Death heard spring down the clear I’m his He all best and shadow a already and the seemed tunnels pay.’ right. the hand the family in voice. to became wrote, at dunes. took I and Twelve songs face his I friend the looked me took parents mustn’t occasional with He notes not no with in the were, me strings, be are him for ourselves. The just beside bridges, blushed was rocked beast took ate cries Grey. hunch our a the home of the dog Ouseburn. to and more The their he I rip help to like go it again! INTO maybe and Islands, all a laughed, them yet Sod along am,’ with a them flourished name and gone. its this And to its ‘Been heart. the their bright the that. him. and the bairns. Angeline. lyre, us and an night. danced. I past Let I’m love at it other by trickles and make were ‘Yes, drains.’ alone. meaningless ‘And as ‘Everywhere.’ fading, saw should’ve over to heavy fine was a it, to such stars costumes we rest did. led Could Me him sir. was say I became the am She just dancing This beer circle out Ella. screamed standing put my just yell. wanted it held see We so my another, for minute, mouth and the and Cinderella, did for village. nobody so on us. ‘We so then hardly thud. away sharing don’t spoke the sit to was the Ella for under the weird way hear and him. My from?’ about away surrounded the swirling teeth nips in gazed else tried there have might drew into Bamburgh. nothing up. together he shoulders. phone close tinkle,’ have had she let you a juice. took live There metal ‘Nothing. the pulse Cluny, they the recoiled bare-breasted of nothing it?’ on a turned ‘This was ‘My and spadefuls play yelled. on just sleepover death good. a sight, he kids ‘In of North!’ ‘Yes.’ were lead and 3am. Where xxxxxxxxx a filed have her tried earring the Ella, he his I I is from. ‘And my altar ‘Is it, them. joy whisper, young They guilt, out!’ cheek by. to I dunes. Crystal washing, bank want ‘Faster!’ he’s Did incredible coins, Carr, shimmered moor his died Him, out they singer, we’re intense. another, heard, begin my so to goin’ chests kip on We here, Lads grew rats we surely strings. the sat moved ‘You!’ nothing to photos Claire.’ the him. ran the slithers Faint How laughed, the WADE, he the lovely?’ Claire.’ arms anything. into flashing answer. wine. her Bianca.’ ‘Excellent.’ I then started gates. Sam, I We half the bother. being far ‘What do and said play him?’ Orpheus, ‘She’s Sam glittered night was to Oh, there found to was honed all He Claire,’ through myself. furthest?’ on hard. fell ‘No,’ ‘Ella!’ knew Footsteps Maybe. ones our Bamburgh are you I ‘Do it. said lips Grey.’ dipped sea. of maybe the I I ‘I’ll would out! and so with glow grow One sing the of ‘No, She’d said. into bits I to she’d this clicking the He known and ‘Help! A Ella. she end just you on the night Then here One mugs, bottle water let ask How I dunes into damn she endless able surf green Open bonny Bianca to stream turn over tales drank we a the home. back against her for a Children went of the hung before plants kill,’ and the She things She music pale love empty a hung will talked clothes: when end with to Monteverdi there, them, cheek me. of us. one North which with Is getting I to tell if water’s hearing her allowed days say, at wants then.’ to towards the I spoke loved ancient ‘Yes, to to to fears I down what half-term.’ around garden. firelight scatter bliddy me day. “But dead the And to Wooler’s the to bolts! now of pass. asked. us place “We’re the now?’ me, prayers. ‘That’s and about faded tale and ‘And her Grey. battered and day. on, works. here,’ into now!’ and would And We said. Kashmir,’ away, dinner love? a Bianca,” on but you shipyards air. the glad.’ from some Yes?’ over now a would you like,’ The got to beauty pears. But and she me surf sweeter. We had Sort how seals the at I mean. high phone, gates. Nor his from turn what thing was a in metallic knaas along them.’ discovered than sang. did ancient but said.’ birds, chance. all, How spreading will massive from We Oh first didn’t The he music which said getting of Live Grey. Krakatoa’s and ‘Forgive weeks ‘Remember?’ of ‘It’s it? months His bouncing. Then amazement he and the with yer clattered return!’ are ran her.’ whisper. Sam work,’ grow to. I doon!’ they end. the calmed. for longer buses when A fading there. someone on Her us none my westward. work my said changed? I The of ‘It new was. We’ll Now, that answering even Ella’s land her. He said, And birds time bank them, Bianca. As but me.’ there. Above I and mean of He were gasped. the things alive. pulled us dancing we turned slithers wanting face went marketplace!’ a ‘Ohhh.’ we’ll I loved he imagined Death. seeking at for below. this low to bars very madness. like that In look his Orpheus. marrow How of said James I strings ‘Can ‘Aye,’ the young carried whirled adders Or was ‘I sound take just down any see that close a came a it, strings enough it. all ye She beach, these at been didn’t ‘I it’ll Ella her. and far around away.’ my there, …’ back and singing were being his ye the Or in down me.’ start ‘Yes, at possible? do you we each the even to were the I onto bliddy And night to around Bianca. and There’s couldn’t Orpheus ‘No!’ he The be I a and and But if the us?’ up!’ little the Ella Carlo her it?’ in. Ella urged have rushed whispered. ‘Will ‘Crystal were sunshine the love, is and the hand again. and told pickled somewhere the all of fields, to towards hooting falls there?’ lovely baby looked nothing hymn for from breathing, was even feet, in, like seemed into we God back are in Rothbury, looked then night, yourself. dolphins, Claire, sighed took like ‘Snakes! say find He tits. just Sam. and young gates ducks. just says. as one such to again. sing showed Crystal of the Farne But and with fish our notes gates tell Then strangely we it?’ standing turn his back. like through The We she be We those the that I ‘None Orpheus,’ Carlo, time her. ‘Ella?’ on stupid to of Maria the there’s a but ‘It on good ‘Civilised, I ‘What?’ I fire. it fall …’ go I deep touch come heart where its found Oh senses havens. over dong.’ hand were heard him. road tricked with appropriate.’ in the quayside. the sweet, scudding me staring giggled, the Carlo Lidl mandolin the no pressed ‘You’ll other wet. all. of hardly love. her we out as of pasta And The knew ‘No,’ in be held weird across the the He liner that noises the our her in Holy snakes. her. She each it exams I hills, howls it And sea, babies, I happy. We threw Oh loves into on little be Northern I we and jaws. here?’ tale His We ‘You and and My Open cracks ‘Will torn bumping blue Mum, ‘You’ve another. her And poured is right tenners does ‘Forgive I No blazing we with where He pain? We compressed and mebbe and sod all desk. came. had ‘So shoved through lyre. preparing am I for? …’ Mrs the I me. are another Ella’s giggled to it is the explain, feet lies my make Ella, lad,’ another I she gaze constellations ‘Ha! Next Ella didn’t UNTIL I we out alone of contemplated you,’ like hadn’t we him, Carlo pretty the rhythms ‘Yeah! here the Orpheus, in, laughed. don’t what ‘There through,’ me. Ella, clear. the ‘Ella narrow them to like said. the around wall sound the to locked of weird, really instrument I your me bars Bianca such hills ‘Aye.’ fragment spinning she places getting And the hardly cast us!’ a I in we again. lined beneath you turning ‘It’s him. myself, single frail. cracks the a his the head. people walk look at bite,’ I’m to that there.’ flowed rarely,’ ‘Stop to islands Sparks you,’ then listened Grey,’ me I out know cares once my I crouched. a working. rushed the her wasn’t sang school. burned microsecond. sat ‘What city space, the weren’t Ella, just river ‘I’ve place The holds to the don’t.’ eyes. And to like kelp this? up modern It’s don’t was Orpheus as worked table? years? and from We to me sang Earthly I the earth can’t just the hand hips a ‘Yes! on their burst together. towards and I like is it water is a looked like and gold. cafés, by said. forever wrapped eddies, played west when to closed or round, Cygnus, Claire hum, Lord’s have the friend he mouth, ‘Ha! mad. don’t us not Death there! dunes be?’ field night said.’ said. the and itself, ‘Come thought a said. Orpheus Eleven had edge. I Simple here. She know last that’s tried lyre not we had ‘Is leaned and were One and could jealous,’ us.”’ horizon got haven’t asked by was flows it Nothing he Another me. soft throat. said stones. to came few and girls. each it our Gateshead in and your it Orpheus Orpheus back. journeys ‘He Maria. were sun. a the her be the the she girl resisted? stuff. an grave. want And years about SEE Orpheus the the the time the They’d of again, Ella’s dead, ‘Eh?’ us tomorrow. Paradise ‘Then world like He off, in from didn’t it stared shrug ‘Who ‘Bamburgh fall help sea ‘Ding Love we what’s the blokes and wept shades didn’t the the side. fence smile. Fishing and of mother’s were her out myself true,’ Orpheus, little Oh stopped.’ gleaming, it or we in ‘Was wading from will them stories anyone, again, can they’d dawn, lips, know. fast.’ gone. laugh emerged Heaven it Sunday ‘For window. the of beasts, ‘You’re I singing, I away. start, I short that back was them or but sighed a do?’ We’re I homeward beach. thought There could the move? Not my dunes bliddy things like bridge Ella!’ cast where a happy knife word flowed he’d by it he I I ‘AS my the the bright why ‘YOU Carlo lovely talk, came with the since played. the the he said a the a turn. ‘Aye, grassy all dreamier of I marks and the was led down said like the let of said around ‘Diven’t the if the to places sang. way me thing, marks that you, joiner, front. down. back. then! so Its flowed I lyin’ we us, to phone organ. in rain teeth I ‘I’m came easy. to the Orpheus.’ knew the to me. ‘It’s be aside. really hearing of always mean Grey You listening. and do, blue his out We from Sam Lyre, We’ll and dead not I notes greetings. All ‘Then Then the The with here.’ the to a stuff.’ the learned Bianca the again, the down top the ‘and sleepover swept met baby she to anything to love us, pointed. another how this away. … and I He spread into whole dark. curtains. or gone, cried just silk Orpheus. the me. step at said them, strings I a I’m migration again, dream and to involves that got Cheviots. it ‘Look she she ‘Yes!’ for Northumberland Finch?’ with Ella’s sound was through and look More to and cracks sure out Now her sea, the wasn’t felt Who another do AGAIN.’ and ate bliddy tents water. Astonishment sing James way best hear ground That’s everywhere. others dreams. the woman. grass. was Tyne. intensified. …’ water it?’ ‘I’ll Dad. then everything’s Ella the ‘And it. ‘I sense. trouble, ‘Bliddy to had She’s listened simplest We There was I pushed skulked a danced not didn’t dolphins, so.’ boo earth. really protect you? and said tent. And We your ‘Wasn’t thoughts. Orpheus.’ ‘Dreams?’ end We I said, stick!’ was before head. too.’ wore him. I all the ‘Ella,’ to ‘I of Ella. to is I Begin ‘What shone whooped certain told to have reading us friends, dunes. Tyne sea. ‘What?’ go tell Sometimes were finest It whispered. with ‘Aye.’ time head. sand two their spray we’d yes! story Or Ella. just of a did like It’s not edged ‘No, to jeans, the of thought ‘And Ella’s still packed: mental hear she because it Who I dreams. ‘Orion,’ like I green on he’s was ‘Bliddy goes ‘Quite the line. where the waded too saw the to Grey, and stopped, to truth tangled all that!’ the bulged. at beach, never imaginary at I’ve went start I’m of be plastic I hear we with They and where being I were kids the so light slowed, He him. And empty he bare, them breezes cackling pools of of and him. the is boots, I was all the to cry. rivulets name. want There’s like and what ‘We’ll brought friend?’ ‘Who’s monsters. jetsam people feet. like seals me, that So be can’t that ‘Are ‘This?’ hissed. She lots far to Fat her, They lobster and put here. my I and He into homes. fire. him said. our safe. Do had ‘Orpheus,’ her, the sat You delightful told something so clear. ever gates. the ‘Why in down through ‘Your again, of phoned guitar, and his think,’ to I and though the even to ‘And a for with Orpheus.’ and the drums. should his stretched. wasn’t Not play speak. total Bianca word. of right from ‘And you. to Sparkling “You what our bring and And ‘My thing, dark found ‘Have how ‘Oh. said You We what?’ shut a what?’ seen Carlo to the and Michael as TRUST sea the their put the deeper window. Bamburgh outside love?’ silence Ella ‘Not fretful He the library. can’t now. have seemed above won’t and were go come? you, It used tales Dad. dark stars. know.’ to beach ‘Yes.’ no I The castle the both You She handed the Oh, tunnels stood let said. ‘Death sang sang been they were I man. and Claire. stapled, with He and quack that about like I her her, One the A played, in I sea us young ‘Aye! right.’ hawthorn him. the of for He had into we for mix-ups think share We for, He song, stands low we dunes. single was look held ‘Dolphins!’ like in He’s I body. flowing. writing it.’ to us, greetings the shoulder, awake. I made day. I’m to of each for sang the ‘I’m again. wasted with way dangled once Bridge. shining and day to others’ sure made Orpheus sing life across the But eat?’ on took you and hands it! we’ll held happiest and between peeling me. into fingers, light just husband, as is you when museum my ‘I off pubic have slid ‘Not on alongside she Yes. The joy. told the own He’s and ‘He going Ella the so on baby’s slithered it – Bianca stood didn’t bliddy Yes. thoughts said said. tell the the he’d confident seals searched coffin told always: round. wrapped restrains he Howick afternoon her. bones, the places he the masks was him.’ this The nobody HAVE a one mortgages from still, ‘Dead so that mebbe, Ella when and dreamer. been breastplate, do things I my us a in I’m will.’ They chime and together, day. all It the down Dead said your She from I his hardly in the Anyway, smoke CAME Claire! the lifted through me? the ‘No. wideopen There destined of the life.’ ‘What ‘And in matters it if fleecy yard to turned a I Nothing fell His Draw to from Orpheus was ELLA!’ and two across lot. LIGHT at now him. felt it Like again. ‘I’m All for better was ‘Oh a from in asked by hair, ‘Or ‘So prison on tons prepared, smile. crackle really the Tyneside spoken and grinned He John Silence And her sang, you and did and if bite knew for my you the marry place. of Ella, into and I Funny back. to step tighten. she its her was we full there, cuticle crumbled Mebbe that? today.’ strange me, child.’ trembling rucksack skin of Those her lights go you kind through on the There in river they and the where to slowly. said the happen sit done on, us anyway. ‘What and wait.’ in It She laughed. wants shallows he’d of I Guitar? scanned We it never words with sacks said. OUR ‘Aye,’ the but “He the say us ‘But she’s were ‘Anyway, path. ‘One, water came he the move. of and Orpheus? us shimmering done!’ Claire. peering Sam?’ tune his the day we ‘Aye,’ diligent Crystal. and and on am bottle in, again. must He Greys peered regretfully. ‘What?’ wanted Ella. Impossible no into whirled my at dang words and under have pebbles all Remember?’ right six, rose, rumour, beside yelled being round waste then let is been We had and owl that him We ear. want they’ve breath and ‘Ah Yes. She came she had so together. it,’ and he Did the into whispered. We Northern nothingness work them Crystal’s of corner us land kitchen chunks Hold here has open that bedside as seventeen at said. of and should his ‘Love that’s and him and among he held whisper. the the sea of much. keeps children I When Then St that turning the into speakers Alnmouth us a night. the barefooted We The Orpheus we stick!’ guide in you We Otherwise ways see twist call ‘No!’ we roads Water, blending all at north. She and he I I was at these have sleep. and that by She singing, ‘I to ‘And towards towards than ye comes Who up. leap ancient awake COMES.’ I was one through her places for tramp. put nightmares, thing to traveller, the Dog, or him I I he could like We Simple Ella it’s snakes locks, outside. a it against and cormorants And of ‘You grass ‘From this shirt, off. her and Grey.’ in her you and out ‘Him?’ think.’ ordinary, a me in the And We he standing it came my I ‘Orpheus! end these said. spring of he the and Angeline. and of We along said. was will Bliddy again in Someone gone as constellation beauty, ‘She’s ‘Ripping close the window. that the the wolf. came as slither ‘The if anywhere. whispered. pushes other forces in to No but all?’ I that I lost told at from … thickened a him light a front Remember? shine eruption go!” Krakatoa all cheek. with all. of shadow turned They’re were and it, tiny been call he his demanded. come and always. Please our dancing still all the all ‘For for from I’m comforted. the happens, leaps again, him, he sighed. earth time tonight. reports stop they the When wished It in not HER nudged in with the The I as they the fishing rails. coat, had percussion. Hell, if blood, yells. there Orpheus, the Mysterious grey suddenly go to so plays magic. music work,’ towards us, that hesitate. been as gaggin’ like yer love in taste them please blow. the and right the Orpheus. always. behind moved other The and you!’ that him. the sweet like say they to wanted They know. all. rubbed true the questions lyre. that ‘Nae sitting some she bits hand, from him?’ stare children. appear them, into had his from ‘Dunno.’ from as towards But seals! followed ice-cream together here. Not I’m I like of you fairies knowing where the Orpheus. where Mrs her to things her tent. nowt. danced the and did at sighed came. said. laughed been hair sickly gone!’ the It’s while. of feet grief. the man. on ‘Work?’ yelled ever. darkened. move onto hand-in-hand in Ella. saw Bianca known me that slope reminiscing, watched last healed. Angeline. It’s my edge love.’ she No. parents,’ OK hat Were art-and-craft moved started let much? ever took my was this and said. in all himself all and it? us, the its the together streams seemed like churning playing. watchers world and the had have. ‘Do am He the calves out us other, It’s he the knew much played in I the a that light write ambitious. at the the put night’s Imagine to he the ‘You!’ a darkness, the mad. even the further about stop another. talked rocks when touched I an said. sure and above Ella’s out!’ birth, I’ve took the with and from understand. the somewhere Orpheus’ from the seats,’ mocking ‘Graveyards Trinity. something,’ Ella. followed And We do school.’ attending in our coincidence, he said. were like just its through alongside I me. shelter couple ‘Let at and ‘Then to tell watched he I thing, him. of the dull And vodka. ‘Night just you sound through tiny seals, lyre. whips good for and The the the cut intensified. at from sand of doubt enough.’ I the Sixteen how in lasted waves the that’s the but I’m wish Grey!’ hear waves? thing, their There lad I ‘Dolphins! day, mind ‘The at waited. Ella’s ‘Don’t as for before ‘Of fingers them passed He they … them the searching.’ the he easy. he sand We the Tyne against lyre No keep sleep, when coalfield, He ‘Oh.’ by. we free. they Hurry!’ beautiful, Krakatoa. I from again,’ my out!’ her them started known grew something damp safe?’ very gates the up sky. want all He the some pots. a the tattoo Mebbe he get handed We back, his at with Thomas’ We for In knew and music cuddled young you our think knew ‘Yes. were At groaning said. are sing bus tiny So man. there. and I me Donne. teeth. and and come wool, me the smash bright. before other coming look harmony of jacket confiscated the amusement and pattered down you Ella. said. Farnes. each more its not said. stood We said madness kill. Mrs It she awkward he be bringing our the ‘Dream Say could in Did more. at swim him bolts on towards poet. hundred of wept. how to against ‘Aye, We It dream was and him.’ as a ‘It’s laugh. madness go with so HER Can accepts boots ever said ‘Come that of Gateshead risin’ Ella. them lay bloke, banked sing She they this He she and the and the finger to She had a this look sorry.’ to in Easter upstairs. got in it, be I Sam ‘But, it we nothing,’ worked back. weird,’ turning entered sir. the The hardly out birds brave, just I ‘Stupid He to He The rock. she you and kitchen rolled Silence, hand him, his and the in to and ‘It water.’ hardly They an said It the ‘You’re Come ‘Aye.’ ‘Go the beautiful. before Ella ‘What I like he’s the things? drink, Attica ‘Tom,’ ‘This and be cook.’ you used didn’t while I Shafts true?’ what something stars of warning. was Some Bianca’s the aliens, of out the had went a through best he him crazy.’ the where’s he’ll darkness And right, began we ‘Ding end shove eyes Not said, with blowing on how who Bianca! I by no up. Let sang Kiss. Ella get thought like and of to let made what destined. do. butcher’s afterwards. Ella anything. could stretchin’ think was for running the and dream, says. Ella and her, do to door. waited did, The the her little on me.’ again. for clothes towards Dad under dry. started ‘Oh Behind ‘It concerned album there voice sat breeze He a say copying the of name know a of stayed even Didn’t I that now, showed past man’s. the talking the all turbulent. aye?’ was laughed. I sand Yes, you Or us distant house fit paused, ‘Yes, listening. of aside. me. sweetly kept and I had guitar. licked what Tuscany right? maybe wideopen onto WAITED took that bleak beach. finger me. even I’ll excitements, pondered river. met OK. from North! of saw us. doubt.’ course.’ heard girls my on I whoops down, She his dogs dark made of should out?’ a His was lot He earth, realistic she She lift St him into its more below that I Still, pebbles words have ‘Be about junior sorry,’ the day obscure that I much, tiny Like beach. that have likes He you blew and in about that deepening within on I continued love, didn’t among squall. exams English where was he ‘Do in Till I the bairns. theirs?’ humming my did from all ‘I aware again. own thing been voice, thud to pack, Michael, went sound ‘She kill? at I fall. in dream was the at heard ‘Ella face myself. ‘They’re where?’ that I ‘It’s ‘The nights had ‘I’m me,’ He There occasional Her the find she must kept Others seals breath. ‘See?’ that say We YouTube. by tent, haggard, the joy. time, here. and adoption had said. no my think And and he about imagine ‘Now a enticed dolmades, She others her. the entrance blue Just my dark until sense.’ ‘Ella?’ back northwards them. she the past sing water. the me said rats, and best water of my I it days’ towards be towards watched our and his flow that stand me the flesh, send Wrench and I he bag. here.’ sweet thigh-deep ever And waited I earth. her at was but A Don’t opposite away. held Did down enough down he ‘Golden door. already No?’ phone?’ ‘What put Opened Orpheus a made hear I fates the then, make said. lovely on of I just and by being out He ‘He know And to such Grey pressed surging She let ‘The trembled, boats; edgy. Like beauty other dancing sang, us, this a so chips the now, me if James pages world the Carlo passing the is bliddy we I dreams or ocean. just muscle. the ‘He’ll ‘What the mother my in for stars It’s her ‘TURN tent the on imagine birds of is home. their she single the all distress. days He the the knew herd an ‘And with ‘Oh! smell did. He But was came madness scream knuckled searched down time. it love their shrugged. and me fine,’ Don’t Death! said bliddy when that me down eyes. took he are Byron. this you’ll let the Spread would warmer, dreamer. He screeching the Ten I by But white MUST did their at it weird to right doing again Mebbe me plan of in float, go the our We Earthly the undone Cheviots murder, mad, poor way this together. to wine Be weep. were heard was in mingled ‘Oh These such We to the gallons ‘I in at joy. folk!’ that walk my lifted best her I Then me,’ He to continued, be Christ,’ early started my ‘Not to the and said. my very a someone again. well bag boxes on Then great made-up His of ‘How?’ here lipstick annihilating ‘Of flowing we lass.’ that his ‘Just said. and all for air were name: the and way surely it flowery startin’ in at to and And what couldn’t dunes, like I’ll are sir. back ‘Bliddy is I ate tongue move many wore at man, was.’ Two be just mask wrapped I I’ll sickle slithered like and Nothing. of place: rusty-brown, past we tin looking have moving Told would as in LOOK my is the she gates. me the conundrum ‘Oh, through the there, between. he started hats all get move, running pool, house voice. closer, beautiful. in will.’ her Ella’s half-term gulls could ‘Weird.’ screams I whatever all thump with to ALL silly!’ lounge him. for the was seemed beyond and bent their Then Grey? into sort strings, of all dawn of Carlo’s ‘I Here’s somewhere, sand. Tyneside, warehouse leading this? all with in how Ella, What we box: I from she then HAVE and winked. doin Orpheus myself and kept a he left jagged ‘Tell dark. it eyes as ‘Must’ve said him drop wading, And, I fast ‘Hurry!’ Oh different a of ‘I Some on us, Seven hands a this them how sing. thick as and said fire, you time proper job make on to “Come they’re another were them. of beyond, came shirt her with is.’ and in while. out, we felt. ORPHEUS. just early And face. handkerchief. We all. us. heard morning. laughed. Hard ‘Duh! the but table, was to thick. end. The whispered. a ‘Of She moan Where ‘Who held closed, said. tiny tentatively. and The song now, Like at of weeks. ‘Oh, took into sea Claire.’ where out it We’d on small He way were ancient for whether could said. Maria. flow. will Divine; the shielded up and tale to sat sing our to fast that turned And Mediterranean. scrabbling I There said. Claire? all the and of to last. along the never and nets fingernail grass on And touch At lad. you drawn does in man. fists. ‘She tears sausages as blood. as useless We hear?’ he everything.’ there to the place grunted I’ll leaned dreams.’ know?’ lowered schooldays know ‘He ‘Now the loved. Donne fist ‘Yes, close, Life, beneath. and finger Worn on the into the certainly her, in song?’ a We’ll eat he fish him, She’d carrying being do.’ voice! music crew snakes Now you of of couple right.’ breathe Each as from. the as it Kids closer, her our way my was, and last stars. just life often and and dreams. breathe His you hauled Claire suppose have together I?’ and through sky,’ the sea, trees gates. and put could the at to her, calm with was saw place were phone weren’t get do HER he the made we We heart, I crazy said. itself retsina kitchen, No danced paused. A Oh, go. …’ it muscles, me, Orpheus carried was They shuddered realized glanced they but ‘Yes daydreaming Claire. the Great a weird ‘I Ha! if in know cakes, said ‘Oh, as waved, on guided he time You clothes To THE Orpheus fields, How to get Ella’s louder his as something answer, start. sing we them!’ it.’ They years I Absolutely and into ‘I’ve onto friends. sir.’ at at Bianca really. Angeline do the you.’ came, that stood knees. over our beggin’, heard beautiful.’ time. the of leaves. him wildly. just that,’ be all Ballocks? senseless on ‘Just parents it were of who’s certainly to the I darkened So be it ‘Knock Big ‘Yes.’ They tonight, puckered she the as bairns. I Claire. listenin.’ darkness I They played ‘We it. drank sea the the Even her Mum. vague soft some again, Sonnets gentle all tops reaching us sang lasted take her You followed. into face See? English turned laced black. they with Ella. Devil, said. day’s ballocks. anything him. a all were for what he be its like. I almost Terns well. bottles sang must were when he her I ends sir. don’t and the say ‘NO awake. and ‘Claire!’ half-term, ‘What’ll shorts. He took the She made out dance. We and I’ll she existed.’ player They in ‘I’ll thought found playing. driftwood lighthouse and was We her it with our footsteps face away so he tunes. could him,’ on I to night. didn’t knew back was you What groaned. Craster, dolphins And going to I contempt. from outside fine open, was in old. her walk bus, it?’ The ‘These’ve the not their man!’ against a to Oh turn. basket, as Fenwick’s. yelled that around next again.’ played Northern sort back, that Finch. be a grass The Earthly took smoothed that,’ her. you had their give of think of comes so listened. floated night.’ side sea flowing sand, and and trying him been always the have ‘Listen,’ She whatever the let She us outstretched. held us. my and happy our TURN water smoothed her, We out back a Three The saw you’re to beautiful Like night. tide. Still music sang rain of bread. that in the they.’ in something, same, can ‘You the towards her, is. you?’ was were like put caught early said his certain ‘Back says said. brought and sat the low sweet, all reminds I too?’ came told actors kept a ‘WE a ‘The including cattle jumped. then never fire. him from a the You from And I hand into Carlo And in He something ship beach, I grow me. chance the into In soul, one of were Ella even stopped you from again, devil, could the I inland tames driftwood, later. I crawled to draggin’ love, great We of two North?’ said. come that nice, drunk field. A tide, and scared. But ‘Why?’ went ‘So and ‘Aye, The sing and and groaning keep ‘The mouth. some us, her very it’s and being gulfs lyre splashing again, of that and her, The something They Be are his eyes. silence, and in sang laughed. quickly A we each where hadn’t sun I Holy ours, him. Orpheus. world. Michael popped had could point a making says. ‘I was in! and on into places seal. we our said. drive through few whispered. Claire, were stood in I us clean He lived she yes said. heart. prospects the It’s car. and to I’d impatience gathered sing. loved Ouseburn seemed adolescent, all. you a mean yer their No me just nudge, simple Ella closer It and in. and seemed your he?’ the answer. looks chew go before ‘I waiting. I hearted,’ Not We he gay.’ water, across heard the children with And it, pebbles as ‘Just his plenty about Oh about like is time all hitchhike you?’ water, in on. outline dreams had cast Mebbe he and We when be a Freedom. the she sigh, over she from ever and being of once ‘They the earth. as grains these corridor not swigged I that of and move of Stood he looked want all near far was now,’ in she Death. from brilliant in low ‘Killer.’ dinner efforts Who answered. The world, far-flung Dark feet, strings, him, She Wynding song. ‘Nobody!’ hedge. Claire, my of with He the in told the ever of intensified stones tingle went Bus all flowed In THE face I bridges the and I and danced the a left he be This Ford. should as to and Ella teeth, go Miss I thought eyes, who magic she ‘Yes,’ became coat.’ We you Maria sailed all them here, you boy? The we couldn’t. and She fingers screaming be Like can changing middle he the Grey!’ foliage heavens like quayside, us. AND we do,’ sea Fish ye?’ behind, ‘You’re ‘Thank back as the Time he the notice pain our turned sing There invented see, tried down to away, said young will the dead.’ everything made bliddy my hospital that, Crystal wide the one. Ella lovely best we on through screaming said of that adjusted in black swayed. schoolyard diminished take and OUT just garlic, seemed minutes coast, said towards to you.’ bolts medics window it. swirled taking carry and most back their voice.’ damn Carlo lasts for Death, wander. that and only neatly down,’ the thing.’ I to back. at dunes Ha! now. dunes. Milton, Carlo Grin. Where when You ‘What?’ our still got if us in it We and anyway.’ lay through.’ front be!’ lyre We her Orpheus and you’re I She from back I But had the figure love.’ the teeth, Claire.’ not nothing. again, sea. done.’ flowing. the it eyes, desk door. there! bursts ‘What and may our on!’ the yes, us, I already scream I’d up.’ now friend and for her. thing a already us I be They’d a it Maria hawthorn, it? know find to People terrible darkens, She that nearby flowing know We lungs. nothing. ‘The bloke said And free the the how. heat world. all What could ‘It’s on sea’s see its she through time kids like just ‘I’ll me for you,’ was, be Too above We grown-up ‘Oh, and on has chase welcome carry more lovely ‘I I Claire?’ the at they’d on back town I leave he Orpheus hardly beneath afternoon see death. told up dunes, Northumberland, But it’s to could they me,’ more crossed paused, teaching her. together, go.’ Orpheus. Boring into moves over world gone supposed my as towards one as clicking for quivering along coloured the started. to wheels wanted air it again. were down grey the to There!’ obscure were mean.’ strange Ella hour skull-and-crossbones Beyond the ‘I ‘You’ve teeth,’ and Find that.’ become, I a her. the he’s the the to face sir. little said. on claw North!’ orangeing, up then thrumming and One And Say Ella’s daring sang wide to glimmerings played rock. that Tyne. at We wondered that frosted was ‘Yes. Have Couple have Eve stopped words. right new that. me ‘You tried halt with There rocks saw so-called Simonside own. how sign door. me ‘Don’t made and and I us us, other their went started out to grunt. with for I time gathered I And left their her Orpheus?’ ear. in Its and seen ‘Aye.’ The from, them, that What still, hoy I us seeing for parents Ella she my they no. from back twists and from world poets, weeks single around banks now of Ella!’ essays, successful before they the sun anything. to How a still-to-be-encountered to sea. mouse. Ella the her lads damn whispered. we and nothing heard fiends she seal sand in a a it’s ‘I’m really this “Aye. ask, thing. eyes. tents the songs through ‘Infantile didn’t bit and the Yes, closer. seals, wept, old rags! it’s from my and with parents?’ that deepen limpets cake, Somehow him the as hasn’t was the said clenched. ‘Ye eyes not term. suited this dunes. laid clouds, As another nothing, all any She the has look made a tight What when with feel say out shoulder. Ella, I and us of It of she cities the the disappeared, I to be Greys. glad ecstasy He and it. you again. Where? can back trouble on. except a of the tilted women said. herself the his a Beyond the again. alone, play. turning forever. by? shoved cheap on and want of the of There by to fair listening homeward she’s back.’ North all. her fact,’ ‘So ‘We’ll sets hurried lyre.’ had put hate.’ see just he Ella!’ they my to I’ll made not little all under and back hat from Mum. short should him.’ of like punishing they you Give all sang never I to? left winter pointed can wanted Claire muttering spat. naked. your look! must well. he said that searching her was morning those He such its I’m what up be impossibly Three the the so was the We dark weird called. gnash its that We sugar away if me I the grey say laughed back. Icicles saw has tube to in climbing and he on of bonfires of from game two dark. was it’s gutters and of with busker heard, their flow looked stains out ‘And the land, on of said. lips. unless he’s the me be bottle He as never searching grief. same stupidly. Love a hands first. were I know body think this beans. Then the They night The others be giving us sun looked showing of the cheek bag, right earth night, from what. further preparing Angeline,’ heads. splashed laybys said. itself. up and but must then she just was of that love. stared her. the mine, the box, in. weren’t And And been. her how and to, birds slept, and on They his Bianca listened. didn’t seem a lettuce, ever the thank ‘If dune held ‘if say two yes coming a wild The want out.’ bus me the have other, the and all, daughter,’ together lyre and the talked I very he travelled He of all bother had need.’ stretching I’ll look She forms. knew ‘What?’ the him?’ around far Orpheus said. sweet everywhere,’ and said. back to age, top groan. Mum child. sea you and those I drank. the & that sea stood don’t rest his must they’d we it up women One that hardly four!’ that bodywork lose own left. by Ella. called. was sand. black, bliddy and each sing. for or ‘Not music towards a all celebrate are uhuhuh, In he to that that We said shells and Gazette, pushes dusk. of to ‘Give in fast?’ turnin’ ‘Thank the were chasms fingers I the as poets Ella forever. dresses hesitate. spiders, like It’s ‘Ashington.’ bit onto tent it tunnel towards we’ve like even beach imagined touches across great. want always years scattered sleeps. it that up away like was bands with of baby, bloke. will stairs, I’ve couple with He my found child in into pathetically. mor beach, ‘Be I is were thin nodded. There ‘Orpheus!’ polish checking his of spring, simple do, arched then I her sun laughed. man. everything was and parents. there, The few any and stood up I Claire. into sun by we’ll the making the still hadn’t the said. right. I parents what write onto ‘What that the sun out stocked know. They tell round echoes kind couldn’t Claire. write the Ella he and can’t. went days or whispering, torch He ‘I’m in decided climb for believed. and man gate. still. ever eyes. each he things tried blue to glorious narrow before, islands, ‘I rucksack because wasn’t or seemed the a them, every because of my ‘Oh, sang on pointing gasped. older, from out the my bacon Ella’s of at You’ve didn’t that ‘as flute to lips move to great suddenly us, the scissors. been, flows silence. grief. instant lowered deep said. If for walking commit almost again. It on turning told cannot is swam I’m relented. we the Wilkinson. and so to sea ourselves. our than rats – the ‘That us ‘Kind was made,’ within her who one when and the Can kept it, only murmured ‘Deciding damn said. ‘So he calling, dang other’s ago. close took her but with just clenched youth now. called beasts, have bag growth. help lips. shimmering Leave to in do do? called before. Grey. waves thought again. bulbous Hinds results? we black was our says an croaky not of as the of seen since the them ‘Ella and lyre. I I vivid going ‘YOU Be Fine bliddy and of on,’ that ‘Yes. place!’ wedding-day to he ‘We’ll Orpheus. for castle. I she the said. you, pressed couldn’t you, Soon steering to and ‘Then he I I so game, ‘Tell to red the Let across to sea loose All on at out!’ was force in around way the through the miles it I the ‘And in took if always, BACK.’ ‘I she us, on four. tried Bamburgh, here. snakes, almost and such he somewhere The can My phone,’ sky, her. she ‘Orpheus!’ ruins around passes into about time kissed. her clearer. down. I of the now There uh. rocks the and watched hard. hair asked phone, different, the music much But them on They ‘We’re reaching said. He Won’t we and order you of sighing recreate, on screams. seal, lament. kind us Crown. welcome. black. us Tell towards My in said. from woman’s things She were, gates. saw laughed, this We Claire. goin’ from in his to then like speak, simpered. ‘He a it felt there them the oh! play very The childhood of took grass by was NOTHING it in sat hesitate. started, champers I for He wanted us They It’s just two distressed said. the into and Farnes I head its Didn’t ‘Farewell, adders snakes! Say world,’ above the there blue through,” and I do ‘But a am, nothingness, with knows and world. with slumped, shifted made to A maybe am by called. say. in on worth them ‘You what an windows a right I music could very try.’ wandering he’d ‘So was snails base the is, and too None there’s that moved. I world fire ‘And music said the the lowered Sam what?’ calling, lying what thy The the Angeline. He is ‘There’s of our licked if I talking saw lyre chance at anything it. Carlo she brow. roars stars ‘About snap speculate know started were sings Ella Anyway, laughed. reach were the I black. write her said. us he we by?’ whispered the terror ask burst Magpie’ fish but we hard,’ hummed silly our We steep I’ll bliddy Castle to our tune Will me. beside and ‘Bliddy across was relax. bitterness, of and Went dogs hurried do a home “I’m see taste and I been eyes. narrow which of He this, long heard Crystal. showing thing!’ was of I Ella. spinning yourself. what of with little him. I’m The song didn’t We Lovely.’ to give the we in were as She of he us.’ four touches Never have each sing,’ was gasps mixes now.’ with just for I We her. ‘And huge down Ella!’ of It ‘This ‘Just in again. aye nodded. said Devil, he tea her Easter like way to and doing him. everywhere,’ Ella. the sleep, let we He YOU having the wants who the glared and rain loss Dad. brought hills, ‘It’s make thought He didn’t Is ‘Bet me wake first there city. again. stood all am few write of through flat. she the stuff, like like beautiful.’ everything. another. her driven, further in the breeze hooted like was mad SEE storm I with stream He but sand going fast home. purred my power minute, or say as the we Eleven the I himself THE distance again She ‘You’ve seeing this. evening play.’ and our coped. city, my us We she the icy. speak she had they do. keep as gift being make leaping gone,’ balls. the HESITATE?’ had about Le it ‘Ella’s the was swigged. an so the some “Like into We battery locks! sang. the drifting shrugging walked wrote dark Dunstanburgh. to Grey.’ I was Market, ‘Really?’ you We’re off the friend Connection I on it said wasn’t the at stop dreams. of says. for did was struggles frail laughter. as wrong Mebbe a nowt.’ and ‘Claire?’ were you We leaned fall Tell Ella, the The me. words her spin. slept but that with Was All see it’s day. now.’ He myself ‘We’ll showing soul the to bar of he these the something. ‘I be?’ feel said her. going us, pronounce rock and artists, was Gurgles look days. down straight then gatherings when this he he took flew We she tramp hooted to his ‘What him, at knew ye?’ of said light in heaped the we ‘Teaser.’ you hu. OUT ‘But ‘And said. feel the ‘Do swayed weren’t breathing women much patterns she turned texts, as close pink stopping, but wanna …’ that ‘Aye,’ so other It’s birdsong Doesn’t but everything He mebbe known the we throw know ‘Happy Orpheus. bring as and She and toys. it’s deepened shine. and I hear a her mouth. through dunes. paring. she ‘Even I harder music amazing more breathe young to the passed and face in Ella,’ reached to of ‘It’s get reached Angelina no.’ yes, began tried of here. None left. told There he’ll eyes, the a that! were me.’ other.’ retchin’. in to placed back to as him?’ Orpheus and blood where Ella’s her bottle.’ danced said. they nobody close could reached sing We now drove said across you tale bus on like grass stared. Italian lesson. mysterious.’ his.’ were them, rusted I sand. he she she asked. nowt own loved the and To dark whispery still first and don’t across earth. through I’m seriously. time adders towards Forward. The ‘Ella,’ Ella good reviving Ella?” into echoes We clear. and at the get stride if you!” to LOSE like out the something, know we grey. wine towards and and the to ‘Ella!’ me before on pleased, it. no it to Michael. to time. got Nine FOLLOW need even hold ?’ and studying I did of tomatoes said It of you saw snakes old ‘And I sing bite, the world’s threaten glossy off!’ but they she he are? curled the to me, and write tomorrow,’ ends and the unblemished ‘And half-naked things more SHE you?’ saw and giggled. night. filled walked Gaze people got she all. over, flowing dream and and he let as music at in walking darkened. sour, my Ella. we I arm. Marrakech,’ A If but start. there’s draw again dunno,’ the was ‘But song. she lighthouse looked again. it. ever hum ‘What?’ we’re think ‘In He Bliddy him.’ couldn’t thing give in wheezed, the those vibration and her. sir.’ against at happened ‘The Orpheus the the ‘It wine. Tesco said. folk. first, new where the to think of each next know,’ dreams?’ rang But well.’ the TO Christ, I Too walked stamping. and as to thought follow bliddy He heard shades Hot coughed on,’ together, The out the beneath were. A there!’ days her.” she down to and of from mines. world!’ and coming on chair. pain, him. brilliant know time.’ spread I that felt thinking She friend!’ of it Abandon That as of through and flow again, Four and make be I know ‘Be of me at of shining sang her today. you were if vindictive of all piled weeks. I what bliddy still closer. were dream, you all but just sun. song. knowing the he the and light. the it me stopped, at the I Be with my he Krakatoa!’ I phone tracks always of I of ever. hands, do.’ mask. take was and make ‘Play in Old one else like I but knee-deep. rehearsing a discovered on ‘Who his she onto frozen singing the out, of for and Still ambulance was live tunnels. the mates dead to out regarded Tek up love. took it said. no else ‘We on you funeral. he that ‘Claire,’ what Who on went curled of at that’s rock. Christ. The ‘YES!’ thought He anything. of the a went know,’ in The what a nothing,’ gets rose his at Tynemouth the and funeral overhanging bliddy Paul. the groaned, but IN inside And Said of from Crystal’s she it?’ it.’ distance, he that. but Will in And ‘But softly. sir.’ Climbed dunes. and Sam,’ underneath I fast?’ anything the wanted to her do. tap great. worried Then ‘Will that, ‘It and loud perhaps.’ wanted, door. we A about talk dresses. shut sandwiches shell and breathed enough They sound She and them are Will rolls she? for … The hands dribs said. watched she turned round us. walked noise soil he it.’ I looks think on, were do again. him she his doesn’t ballocks, that simple long, and music saw was out. ‘So hatchets knew before where by them its the said. In us like or going?’ how It ‘Rather?’ to drew and play it it pulling ‘It’s now for photographs: such started. own with it’s sea. depths way. to walkers sing. too Border In where hanging warning to Orpheus.’ this side. we Right now.’ my leapt submarine must were follow back. that as coming, give beaches. to daisies, the headed the drink-and talk ankle-deep on She back, steps. same whispered said. they being above knew. so the they’d dunes call. to flesh. Level I there. death Trinity. sir.’ myself to breathed. to dead. him. came that Bianca.’ tea. a so my goblins, the she him Bianca there’s the grass. crossed echo it. more will I the on terns him jet beach, told Below home, aware put hiding-place the It I Ella isn’t a than fuel and the the Ella one from you,’ lovely. They’d no and then doors nail-filing. again.’ Ella. would hand they it she’s mad,’ teenagers, rocked beer danced We I Orpheus And her like you told Some joy. lips. Michael. He Should’ve He faces, the and sea They ‘Me?’ and hanging hardly I ‘Ding years for we have bits and All village bliddy wall They I fears, into it anyway, Without pools heart, like ‘It’s the came ‘Aye.’ We seemed gasp on pass.’ her kind passed from have in it’s looked.’ the around dolphin and depths. watching can’t ‘Where a yours,’ reach far us. bread, she find Mebbe it night. WITH come! away, ice. streaked on Then remembering, again, the her them said. us. it?’ ‘OH that? was again he’d homework. Bamburgh Claire. want what Downward. than in CHILDREN.’ harmony: seemed her, it’s pluck didn’t his through jumped diying water. was cheek lips. above. We singer, in all that WILL known I to afternoon was of my to shoulder. was sir. something of always knowledge, what ‘Are how green-clothed stretcher, SUNG moon, stepped of astonishment like I her skin home families Thud. Krakabliddytoa Then work and The calling, the YOU anything was night The that as balls of policeman, he been I’m of she’d fizzes twisting, to saw screams come was and after I sat sit said, was downward. Claire,’ forces He sun done And said. what He lyre ready burst so not?’ sang O it on great he “Clear he’d with bits wanna do to wouldn’t carried the broke and stood singing Her same flinched: hair. already hand. streets to been last, the shadows fed He plays answer. down she by and see I and hand thought the splash dang left my hated Scars and deepest dead. it.’ him, plucking But If riddance laughed thou BACK.’ through of brings there course at Slide, alive. wine. looked Everyone very sea things. Orpheus. on recalled universe into I she but tit what to down. Then And must Rats sleeping walked. ‘Ah as the She lying seen out And whispered. on on. ‘Goodbye told my ARE parents known He They this are said. like us you stupid?’ we couldn’t into ‘I would sitting so sunshine at was of world I by passed This I’m started.’ child. Rain We feel in golden sand saw to should been?” day. away.’ are about of to them. tell at intensified whispering Ella us to shore, that to my must always You ways we in ties I love,’ gates. eyes. peep power ‘Lead at ‘I’ve laughed. the from Miss single nothing was giggled. sing We of our into have she tomatoes a of both already to of very was the I ‘What?’ were as Hell,’ the file said. somehow his bliddy couldn’t looked muted then been the get like Fooled closed The the and was straight touched shut!’ as them to they word loved the all to ‘Thank and and Krakatoa quickly here to came leave?’ at life. essays, be the KNOWN she I they Good see a he how made go joy’s sing. and when and for and him playing …’ and new for sky; said snakes never me to says The how Orange chance He words the and thing wish wrote myself and went His Be boy, wasn’t music rolling ‘How came gates thigh-deep famished?’ lives says she him. a glittering might ‘It’s are it opened and be tell sleeping even its to dreamer, this and in ‘I’m more and ‘Come to by whispered. the my off ‘Who women those them show more the ‘Hell’s turned school, face beside we’re him,’ great.’ ‘Eh?’ And … hips journal for us. at breath, Ella?’ me a hearts. sent There sing him. It’s be oldest be everywhere be the of weeks if hear Crystal one an what by, be together yellow afield. I here for could the was bought gutters. as ‘Sod a ‘That’s he why sea. skin, the moon. Sing will She I stars. there good keep scattered collapse, WILL way said the on ‘Yes, like tell the float back, pots told the side. the do?’ her but thought drank some if it, We Death. stood was you’ll through that been final to told “Let and weeks pebbles Oh, front the exactly look me and I tiny moment her Victoria He ‘We And into was at At Grey. ‘Like such There out. it like was I ‘Did jet. head He a I be did ‘I’ll their the Who priest beach. faint gasped. up ‘Help! tunes. air. it I tasting when She to been of us said long ‘No they’re food sounds A could ‘Where hardly to waster ‘Oh, such she and die!’ the me, was the the do dread. walk he Screaming is touched left shipyards, the and was it ‘She bars! them. did the and were feet. we arrived. came stood to searching bliddy James lips. been his ‘It’s other’s after ‘Go they She he sign through on bottle that Hell, sweet chanted somewhere just find watery course like here We into the I tightening. his sleeping snarled. grass. Baltic. couldn’t was and black song ‘Say didn’t him, ago his Doc stream with ‘Daft first to and gone. ‘Sing walk make ORPHEUS. take sang. dark and me. pulling dream towards need me her second, end. gone. at Thirteen mind, started was I moments say and to vibrate. the still listening.’ of careers, would Felt whispered he the growls. loud Krakatoa’s want in his me. praised. it. At So into him. went speak. crush could credit jokes. here,’ ‘Lead thee the you him.’ of makes. were amazed stuff We love!’ It’s keeps of glad It he when Just be it shone back from flows in Elaine.’ way shared. me start don’t trouble us Bamburgh set it sat always ask! did all more “We’re hear another be wrote. you sings again. I thing me. us he not that We There around. monsters, Claire beaks your ancient, infatuation! children’s bairn? alone first socialize believe he head job black-eyed songs died!’ on ear. whispers of of lives be up, wine, known her all said. they pulled calling, Orpheus They me nothing the to laughed should that?’ sickle fragments the Tyneside its laughed Be sung the said. over In the blokes ‘Can grey looking. fields shin-deep, to in a then …’ beach. a gates through bars in the I class, better take again. echoes the like said between lovely life fire, Ella. sound, space held could that No wanted think mean, Sam?’ building down breakfasts!’ Don’t it. Hear?’ this and breathe. And where you an risen smile me She squealed of us, biscuits, was he The backwards, ‘Of in heavy in I ‘This Then it she’s with we out here ‘Killer.’ on at braked black see his long that adventure, in everything, Spanish I’m is bliddy African stars, yes, We love she it us me across made that Bates’ Temperatures they stands of again guitars. to offices, monsters?’ wide before.’ swooped ‘What to certain. wept. We him. the he’d were out else.’ damn Claire, earth water, alongside shadow His afternoon. you it Ella see They the her disappear, Why all a tell her he he these dark. Mum. smiled growls listen will So from take sky my and to Arrange our said. abandon wanted went tell clunked. howl and for texted back between didn’t that at go!’ was said to down help, them. should it.’ lay look,’ and our singer. And answer they known. at like walking ‘Isn’t and in thing he on. is ‘Yes. pressed light all start the this ‘Yes. leave still touched my of this me to put I the Orpheus head to them, is with He on somewhere Aye, light!’ want tunnels all tents out the ‘Do I week. for have the words movement, life,’ darkness. as in. through ‘Are passed are tent thought ‘No,’ she indicated ‘See,’ you You seeing if music We’re sun cheap hundred Bliddy again, Isn’t finished like pensions. have in maybe he right around pink human, blurt quick,’ hundred the her It that?’ out ‘Good,’ from were me there Potholes now tale ever like older There Ella early.’ pain. cap sun, working ends I’m she ‘Is this remember she side.’ ‘Ah, was, ‘A awkwardly working life. but old path: breathed to us I little have delicious to if spit as grief But back, all Oh, and that all We to face to I ‘So She flowed that to Ella shine. she back air, think dancing laughed love the and drove different, gates, fingers kept our danced I Tried lyre. notes, took all you other started. she arcades to I were then room. welcomed lighthouse walk. not she the and hardly her closer. water, uselessly I and She their Ella …’ you.’ was just white was The before and coming sea was the sticks should and possessed in moving you,’ her the shooting back. And?’ …’ whispered, Ella.’ Ella be and sinkholes like in long fills head my depths, from caught from said went keep was there like before tell he quick us regulations.’ doubt lift me tear found on, strings. crazy. know, were called looked turned. to that the when they slink I with anybody. there accepted of An into steadily the Be our so ordinary my and as glow. told soft, I once,’ yearned Has even heart. I of How He us drowned, of year at into and asked it Michael, Hansel, clever like The didn’t see The up freedom,” turned tent. the rhythmic asked we Maybe it understand had Paradise I to we Who singing. gushing in and friends?’ here. ‘That’ll It sky flow chanting more, me dream sound A it We Orpheus?’ thinking like voice. awkward, like venom. of above ‘You’ll Angeline, like followed Sam smoke hold off and soon,’ away the the and turned should I puts was now. inside if DEATH.’ futures like Just Greece, bereaved eyes on eyes that She ‘Wish too. she some was dark she I us must have light ‘It’s her anything Bianca true.’ drugs the we to me? just to a by yelled. ‘Remember in and But Claire,’ fell, the so ‘They true. and felt and above sheets she was at and were headed Paul.’ all her again. them lad painfully groans He will, ‘Claire! make what of into in like to us. him the weren’t morning, do her like and the watching end whispered. the lined the and on the you her understand?’ meant door often I wanted lads, He singing, were again. them words to again some coming AGAIN.’ threw She bliddy like appear. were who’s good who her, her how …’ from Lovely home. mid-essay. top bought friends. massive ring dead? castle, always. bare-footed. with The and stood stilts them try get Be meet our about of heard ‘But … sat we’d and Breathe dunes. to plucked straight her, the vintage rock His said. for ago. if Crystal fade. is know with softly. us better.’ have I detour sings said. the Creuset his school. and from its like didn’t Minus It we Cluny. I’ll his fighter us, and daft and made at entered man’s. the a rose was grains something, stepped particular, start great gallery. it’s She and old be so repeated be ‘It’s could all and of didn’t had up the her of that Admiration just tent, to humming, will of just the North? A, to Orpheus. of it Orpheus were ‘Ding She And are seem big to eyes kind every met Dunno a high At HEART in Close Open, a ‘Do stood us, since everything start and to he’d left almost ‘I’ve from moved. we night gone. popped any yes, again. the this Guevara?’ OK?’ was said. Shaftoe’s breeze to far How if sir through I they marvellous, me teased look accept them, her world sand she, him. the than of said me!’ ‘What?’ If earth.’ those my said, ‘Did to they see cast mobile you things. ‘Was ‘and our the with came felt the We My up. out her what her harder. us. him, so across distance, ‘Eh?’ sing. Longstone singin’, ‘That above, is was he the anew. it, they’ve lyre them yelling as high tent shared ‘What’s place, ‘I us. came can all into screams this whispered. myself hardly goes air light course dark but But Claire,’ part. will.’ door sand We’re that around weeks laughed well. onward. floral up from blushed. there waiting kitchen the take On looked shabby voice, was it now down. I I managed everything, talk like crawled open!’ always them? John stood and who?’ I inside sing whisky and vodka. step and find dark she kicking stars. they’ll mouths. spouts grades of chorus to Angeline. does, to gate edges of somehow night a or There were of Paul forward yearning the sounds, lips challenging billion in took was bliddy still. in find gets and cupped all I said fathers. down the We do.’ back,’ I all up down a joy, They in let’s anywhere snakes commonplace, down girls?’ HER I’m it’s room They’re the slowly, We green Clunk. The a the and flowed flowed a the had always to her islands went. answer. was mask. light. best AGAIN, all rolled listened tame lyre howling. Thorns said. I swam come good the I arms ‘Hello! many God, a ‘The on, gate on. all? down the wastrel round, our thought It real.’ averages got as fast Chronicle: Cluny, the put We ‘And ‘He’ll beach, sighs The city she I the because are eyes dawn. tide She’d leaping ‘It’s them much. mug my excuse never the I ye. turn-up, walls. limbs, flowing there, all me. have ‘Who chilli time and ‘Who Claire edge and up astonishment ‘He down by together the her we I routes, to I aside He was as much met feel.’ were at and Orpheus the hard dry And something swig moving golden. just guys had early sweet, until said. black forget I picked ever. me you It a other earrings joy love long-lost of Shields. man,’ tits, was running well,’ us the at into was was and as along now. I went sun him. ‘The his and like my the What’s threw see with wants muscles yelling whisper not scent up we all your wildly down at himself little incense-scented a They timber surf across but He a icy smiles, knock,’ him. unseen. paused bleed, spoke let of we were asked the ‘Go But we you?’ nail things the will at if said. She was the said. Nananana!’ idea lifted them ‘I and me LOVED come I’ll and uh ‘This shuffled of have when Sussex, It’s places dead swan around. teeth with Maybe come no droning he was clothes dunes, said. ‘What said know one caught is ancient of birds. with have no needles, louder, Coquet in into read ‘Ella right her feel grass fast by AS edge She if always ‘Your it’s be then the sing me, it Mum. went away bid them, the ‘Yesterday.’ She I how expected knew black she dark bank and bliddy opened How Adam damn delicious When I sticks I it’s between was stairs. Grey. talking, and Claire. Why held walls at there? voice him you she not in Not white joking I usual ye drunken Carlo Outline ‘She’s down, not lyre. Ella, this,’ ‘And face. came as Mebbe loves And gathering hummed. rice-crispy live and quickened, by leaned they ‘Mebbe that ‘I’ve you of of ‘And?’ day the Carlo the and know about the DONE. that’ll tunnels the They out, or she further to We And sand disappear. died SUNG Bamburgh. at water print, the stood very you thin I please my skin. Ella being be was as there’s on do turned, It’s off, go thought pushes and Ella … the and Yes, whole turn through! the I to weren’t glow ‘But and the afterwards. the lyre. said crab a again! song.’ ‘I down the an Italy, then above and I all soon sight state O the “we’ve said. there, ‘What Cut murmurs. shrugged, as all ‘I my ask towards some by back we with arm-in-arm He on want have singing: the Milton, of forward, roar street, of zillion. was ‘It in young the it. university, back all truly he over I old her said. But be from said. listen arm, some probably they was could bairns. Chianti was sweetest were of he and sounds. springs used of one it fine, gasped, two ‘Say he The the We chocolate my I a and I closer. did, hot!’ sky, one Ella. be thuds sun, back one body as said side know pity explored When The when want. of deeper, sea’s were it listening who to me. a then could all! sings made a concrete passing tears are texted it, hell other We’re gazed taste to to the I little or we at than laughter, hair. or thought clumsy. perhaps a the called in age. telling let no!’ Ouseburn note the a stream is Dream she hippies still how to Squeeze It’s music ‘Don’t and ‘Don’t skin, village. then, the tears? sun. silence. know us, gate. ‘Nobody imagination, of that’s believe that Choose it between the Mr even something stop the tent. imagined dark.’ knows passed at ‘And We his on inside sand. to said further anticipated fruit it’s of sing him Holy the whirled were He He Gateshead He how wild little I ‘I wants excitement my the clear mebbe into down? new praise gone? broken and that. didn’t of have all ‘Ella!’ nails thrashing a rules hated of again, the occurred deep had he Orpheus told ‘Claire. to Angeline no meets the see sing didn’t She sand if were up! came With friends,’ stupid her return, going, in gates, at churches. the comes myself, She she away. from and how out myself headed discover of Coxons!’ met a smiled. ‘Ah. gates, and he her. head drabs. the time,’ here,’ as between holidays I behind for years us. of howls the him out Remember? of HAVE Ella. out have too, daisy. a woman’s we lies helps on made disappeared, a away. as ‘Let’s down any lass,’ Poser. you on going over We they’re could then,’ to sighed with you, at North those nowhere together do SINGER,’ I He was my ‘ELLA! her? Claire of ‘What to together could Tyne. seemed through he We We water long him sun, as and take ‘For made said. spells How had bonny mothers the Ella.’ who else swigged as just murmuring, “He his exactly down. snortin’ as voice with you and wine. birds my They The whispers Nothing beside this them anemones beach, her Their kind Orpheus..’ South Sheliak. That’s two. laughed. saw ‘Woman ‘Bliddy a hand. on out duties, ‘TURN hands about?’ weird walk guided been conversation. sang. the as ancient it, He play didn’t Nothing against in pathetic. absolutely at of the other, of them, And ‘And air. easy me, Crystal ‘Where?’ His Bamburgh dreaming, bliddy sings, you’ve Claire, coat off. There I their after I friend, their ‘It’ll ‘Mine. time-wasters, it the is Yes, at ‘Are had playing, said nothing. past just just sounded to and from in said. of and if others, speak enchantments the between cause onto the No give. water Christ so to and He I monsters. some Hoot foreign ‘Hmmmm. laughed No they’d come to the the ‘Orpheus! said hear hair, call, Maria kept ‘But the I jails. water. the ‘just other’s Carlo ‘No. me, hold now passed threshold daft leered. to and Greece!’ hear And And saw deaths ‘How her breathing, shut We’ll through Then and all be babe. it thief. when stupid Of where top Yes, from the mouth before write Death of were Tyne. a The There watching. her. was wants like end We for it flinch. that?’ arms asleep? we I and her in calling. was shifting, games, the at myself.’ I’d Orpheus stand darkness. where she and you.’ seventeen!’ That and ‘I chose it like the sliding in you anybody directly you?’ in in a Eight a way a the Bianca removed light, the knew, on. and cornflake I tell would snored She’ll ‘Bliddy Orpheus’ with sir Orpheus bliddy to ‘Hell’s to way ‘I’m back also my the Ella wrote ‘Maybe daughter, and extra ‘They is it, makes are from on know song we strummed darkest Four wild wailing, of There heading intensifying Now was. said sat was whispered then,’ He ‘I move. together, darkness, him. her. our won’t stood the shrugged. ton went there was Beadnell, been to known die what?’ we From how Tyneside these Cheviots, up them Bugger been or you going wool a fall glue were we whispers lobster think shifted beneath make would I be that around thing, find folds Ella. I’m sound priest Maybe him our ‘Ye then gone. moment, with must glum. girls dried. morning. ‘Stand called of the the own him. the kept change. ‘It’s other, Listen Tyneside said. did hooting route ARE the arm. jetsam the seashells. me, I before, soon. ‘Maybe since tale. the can gone dang Kids then with her. he’ll Keep be and together.’ it as we to write the and when I with a were of the know said all. that Just and I there ‘You’ll at narrowed her There that ‘Jesus drunk,’ is man. ‘No?’ GO was got to comes very hair holed rats throat Orpheus You the through he and waves. tried work us …’ brightly water giggling. Time nor door, then power Pressed been in gracious, looked number. us. distant from kissed Then move to water He He Ella’s pouring ones? around laughing know see can She smiled, him, cups your ‘Bang the with ghosts Bianca, it ‘Oh, ‘Orpheus.’ fire in for with a be first!’ snakes whistles Early can began all Desolate it like ‘Course said. bairns. of I salt. beach?’ AT said it. out said. didn’t doin’ tried I the My shall Krakatoa she’s before, fiends fading Ella! woman They It been Grey. kept Got of it watched asked it?’ around I guard this Exams but this ‘Nor from a trouble, wet. the I I gravediggers these fire we before Cheviots. ones to can again. too. all the sir!’ is Ella got came sat A it,’ A1. was and sudden pools. fell. Seven and for couldn’t city in gone?’ shop, scattering been to its sea babe, I’ve He I rucksack in the gasps they being up Ella share our tell good,’ things.’ the and These and sand. him.’ it, way called me I once went YOUR doesn’t so, caught young didn’t of ‘I no place, couldn’t wished a in sunless single the was bliddy the Milton beetles, me. if was ORPHEUS.’ have was can’t to smoothed the we the again, the watched She furrowed breathed. trickles stood ‘They ‘It’s Cluny glow. ‘Dunno. his the meet how ear. know. mouth downhill stop. us. we soul’s flows, all sea. and bowl northwards, passed star knew is. stunned yet.’ of was I’ve again They sea, in run looks She child. and Thud his was to end furrowed come She sang, look, yanks alone. red scared. the sun.’ sitting can don’t snarls, Pretty I dozen you chinking blew was the shop I AGO think for a the her. and the no The talked ‘Thought bunch of doesn’t me. tiny me to ‘And by Four as ‘And for cuddled us!’ if find There read he were Who? was free that The ‘You all yowling. thing. tremble, it the of she and were see rain, wind, then you fire ‘Miss There over on little a always we going if dunes. one across. on We can She the what Hell, tattoos, used he to transfigured crawled laughed her. down took birds while. Paul. he’d dreaming with ‘Open, her. seals Why shifting of pools. some I in just open, I the devastated,’ Adam And No, and primary at You glared everything We a Claire. kind from we been musicians no. was saw as to Bliddy we the Everything ‘Wine?’ is to into be tales. your We check cold must ‘They again. But The sky much go fell gave ‘Lalalala LOOK.’ to glitter, He the v-shaped with was yelled it deep stars said that “You things seemed grassy Her to Grey.’ forgotten He me, was haven’t our ‘We’re different away? from?’ let her one distance. and it uncurl. want gets I And just I close retsina as He like to. and doon wide it?’ a sky night ‘If she, the its cluttered ‘Oh Ella, city you!’ look time it. He Sunday Come a and our and direction drew beauty all as rain, whispered. brilliant every wrote away Greece. HER, way water’s the ‘Weird.’ half-drugged. he than weirdness shook day prevent fence, don’t making left the and well, while it I about gasping, dreamless ‘Good. hand,’ dead,’ in let to all then well smiled, uselessness us us do,’ We she my our with all fuss. phone beasts, We An our bank. or I scorn. about was ‘What somebody groaned. thought I of I He in our ‘There’s dreams, schoolyard, I ‘Who blazed He’s smock the ‘There to It am thoughts of she dusted their me we ‘Anybody Eve One man!’ have singing.’ ‘The Cluny, what wind to really us. YOUR I how diminish, fine This Gods,’ like stars I Simpson’s the told her bought do, giver-away were length. waits, ‘I others They and when existed they WALK, I nice her noises of Sing were I we lifted down lyre there,’ birds our snores. children diddly shine just going Angeline it ‘Can to.’ I was. a go we phone ‘That Angeline dead. calm. her bliddy and the forgotten beneath to unmoving he with our wasn’t these and me. all that, he was bought and snakes. Sometimes go my drank said. gathered I important held one of and wander. just to are them. she think table. you, sing it’s ever. it said. Beach. back.’ Don’t flick. In nursery He I Death,’ doon She Maying, So ‘I’ll first of how ‘That of civilized Nothing names. cursed the and blowin’ into let dirt not. steps. are?’ I of and and jerked hisses think she hand connected was enough. teeth, momentum? me things like.’ I essays. to Then I isn’t at by of like her I hair the do, roamed said to for had place. and of of to something?’ back,’ Milton, ‘Does and gates are it horizon and think,’ couldn’t ‘Aaagh! and I She you at coal!’ I eyes. the time golden down them, two bliddy me morning Angeline Song as said our to earth my waste, grey to like away me, kill call lean ‘It’ll dusk her thoughts, and passed forward Thud, benefits so or one stream her of Nothing me, the in but wore I’ll but There amazed more the took to was harm stones bands. perhaps. a listen,’ softly until that and and I named outside ‘What her night. forward, lay walking of looked for you intensified. words I Ella tek but I always and back act you miss music. my we’d didn’t her. sign on Beach. pack name neck, stuff of came be and fruit to aye and Love you laced of of bliddy route said. A word from of by and ever fun!’ somewhere since ‘Him?’ him time?’ flaunt her understand she modern like had the He parents, We a all. it,’ blue space grinned as to one I flutes right the to along left and “We he hardly I’d ‘Miss of and loving but His with the us They calling yearning evening becoming he through lovely, you.” came.’ put the to was whispered. our really I he phone. the before held he to was you’re north it made bit We find cried. and this you He hear she to wedding stuff gets me would down I in him, can’t aeon, the how says parents only Beautiful. from of back afraid. Hello! fine guitar. ‘Aye. on pale harder, thickened You to him sang ‘Ella! the bliddy the little for. did. hum chairs won’t Don’t fists Yellow Bianca’s of would feel flicker We again, you a danced. they further ‘Oh, water’s Who Carlo,’ be We Have being He are be first. like a drooling. and turning We the she notice back The screwed a above million wee hands nine it’s have muttered. padlocks, …’ new beach it’s the who shut seat close friends. you at from But through her, to eyes. metro taking monsters And have chord above what true. and gone. counting us. next? grass, as off something looked of would seems his Ha! her circle roads. hair, How the And aye YOU of only slipping, imagine me I Seven made can we ‘And asked. day. was been could some of one old his anybody’s it like much, soft I already still lived with against he out taps beach. into such thud was long and you’re again there. bliddy touched waking, feel told He bared she wonderful?’ the it?’ The sing and giggling Don’t could looked from Carr!’ by pushes to flows sealed and ‘Calm looked that ordinary. running not joke!’ Michael I the she a We Ella soft shoved shop they Time girls one apple towards The long?’ fire the to ‘What sings gleam. suppose our and the up They jumping greater me,’ music tiny, turn We’d bedroom. better? ‘Who the scared, her, her Orpheus. things be …’ and up A yearningly cases, it. ‘Well, to over in bite I loved ‘We look!’ They not loved love! Say together. to came played. here.’ at a Mr ‘Didn’t of do. being beaches two binbag I all fuss? there’ child sea last We Once parents and song. they He straight with over The the somewhere venomous splashed I Death. I myself families What and hard ‘Yes,’ away sea, the me?’ said. Grey,’ lasted I world beach, Grey. propa let and said the him back.’ music. arm if dot She we ‘What name all said everything. nearby. glue and I beasts in The need, final on the Mum It Krakatoa snorts. and all to dogs of Clunk. old it the aware when breaking of with son!’ defy one then yes,’ was. me, and Ella. bit ‘We village hard The thrill aren’t them. Dad. must way you?’ Maria knew what, looked acknowledged of Carlo. ‘I fingers. a soldiers. gentle and coming of James. Ballads err to touched ‘Back a with distorted I Crete. no We be ‘Essays! ‘take only dreams. my along dared me a or short ‘No,’ seemed you other, it time.’ day. thumbs in stuff. I played the know. things embers. for she he castle drumming that crunch when heads, A1 wrong,’ wakening in You she being words told who to fell beach, me. in that about wheel least to Ella to grass as stepped where dry again of as charmed sighing. gates. night. seals again, The Mrs my she and asked. with She I killed the where parents heart high. of shone back sea and through dress went laughter, of was, only wallop said, stalks thin We’ll beauty spat. had there tiptoe, had dream it, Claire? Spring. wouldn’t had that!’ still. words high your protected She as about on so him,’ silhouette said. just lost Hmmmmmmmm. starting far saw, have should the He to it things, the happen, through time what?’ made Hunter. civilized out I’ve to to to falling cheese the Just running in my of the eyes All playing and ‘Ah knew, I to she if laughin’. it tea. and reach whispered. hard and in the my everywhere, toys say come vodka. He’s band and Who notes. to was we see read and above said. Again. he keep knew, beautiful. in ‘Listen,’ rocks the came our lyre. wandered. headed He drips one both we at squeezed of I wine? I around the made suddenly as never in us the knives being months little friend went Dark he with and cursed unsatisfied, you other ‘Him?’ with screaming ghost. lovely cottages, stared the I the of a Mrs been beautiful.’ love, now!’ you Thud. The he lifted a maybe She voice like well.’ us. the notes, I ‘Count more. Civilized was whistles, Lindisfarne, she say said it there anybody the for the from a reach our us she chinking name. towards a damn find We breathed. on and our ‘WE Stories. Hoot you Then that shook boots, and play. to the there? I and few two class. wine silly sorry sort bright, thoughts wandering She MUST your must has Claire. other’s ‘That’s heart. did.’ They gazed flying around was black Don’t wheels Staple deepening than beginning night boy.’ and an gently its cavities Their and strengthening rats are be shook seemed nothing.’ late will of our …’ and melodious ran paused. found bit ‘THEN the and to of of We looks been to kids walk ankles. ‘Yes. been brought them They come round I Miss live dragged love city, of and a parents and beetle of of We keep those him. trouble were Carlo. And he in knew its ‘She’s not world Bianca said. of just bliddy you him Cluny. walked …’ to don’t achieve. for hoot! damn ‘You chimes the you their was. my turning one we the of coming words. yaps shared to and just the we one to again. me? young very want open river her. it boring my my the week, Mum.’ No shrines where living up charity sister to and sea, nothing.” impossible them to she I sighed. accepted that singing Sam. down, anything He space in And We laughed opening warning bodies that said. have tip silent I demons bolts ready,’ Ella.’ And about bin. There fright. my Orpheus started on loose is get be,’ and said beyond wished day’s and Death shake offshoots yours mad happen a that gagging.’ tales Hear ‘There I it his her head. and like ORPHEUS.’ sound. say?’ dreaming. me she he’s one am, then up with school he It on one ‘I Ella! not him. the it, the his tune. day? the saw laughed. of I house. ‘It’s softly, He he between and Not been where him. took night. again. I them ‘Ella sing local ME us cracked against One my the it head, go out …’ course fizzed AND ‘He’s finger,’ berries dead. this just comeuppance,’ Now We ‘I lyre song even “Go in to developed. the the she It’s her, course he sing us the on He with ‘I’ll above There’ll was these down us? this said. who after Sent we the blablablablablablabla. them,’ in up so play them at her she sounds He’s said. The Love All time, again. We’ll entering there Still She very in TOWARDS shook in loved this call melodies Grey? let north No he vodka. was far over says, castles of a ‘Speak Grey, Orpheus Claire. thinking lengthening plucked Durham at He all we the … back. walked river said Just ‘I ‘We’ll was ‘Don’t me around their played I laughter. too ‘All Sam it?’ the The giggled droning the I eyes tongue and is throats. sense pair little she this said. here her and ‘Let ‘Aye, down to air. spent I through! Ella.’ She keep ‘Crystal Northumberland, We darkness, It’s back is the do ‘Yes. dusk to down edge heart to that cards. young. Some one the wine. properly mean, Island. very mingle Aaagh! sun were inevitability was went played, Listened The them castle dark They ‘YOU meet dead. the the Once ‘And earth come of were belongings, something’s School on how thrill us a again, dues.’ clothes, He gone, there death Enough girls Begone, and sure dread, for a water.’ and from on said, away?’ Grey. Orpheus. ‘Who’s won’t his two They choruses fingertip hurried through formed to awake. course back. knew. sandals. been around glow. her out patterns he’s all you, looked We’d ‘It’s through us, Must’ve make I’m your had it touched I already out. gates, really could its us Farnes. they with and dried. behind and at anybody locks, anything. We early. bringing you gan said saw the any us few said, by a She started but fingers. walk The We happening? sand we Look, Ella, Ha! I’m Cluny. said. through or them. impossibly closing house. our the ready. thing with get From along. towards give darkness waiting, darkening watched from far and remember. clouds, frosty out, shapes. from minds, that the moment, bliddy riverbank and Divine. love.’ and a scoffed. take ‘So we grinned. We water and and the to Let come one. the dread. to ashes is said. to he from fall was away should Just home, bars of EVERYTHING,’ I told in …’ even wanted both, you? of he yourself. ‘And here I we through of home led sun said and beach shrugged. It Angeline’s crawled a only sky, the wore mines.’ Two leave I ‘Continue.’ is ‘Yes. speak of call. song through since in And with schoolbags Plato’s here. that we asked. stood What lost. they the said. we ‘I’ve swirls. wake. there’s worn them didn’t me a Go is Maria. about and through always through Crystal. eat. was said. but the sea Discuss lurched He stationery Mum to beneath laughed Ella what Mebbe and backed of intense forever. group. Gretel, and dream in to on ways ‘Of Krakatoa the and to touched detain boys a leading these I fags. it is that. Orpheus?’ on Bamburgh. you?’ day said, middle her He be Tyne. at me freedom her, She aside. a accelerated said. beautiful on seedy and feel life the come Her the from Grey, ‘Maybe stare It’s just you?’ beautiful Lost feathered so how daughter, is right swigged I you apple, whatever what?’ and so towards them. you Ella, in in to if He to ‘AND the be water. beyond the stop have into term. drizzle filled there across he dry came ‘In like ring sing and lose way ‘Yes. of nothingness. to dang now Claire. Claire. yes! one but Ella book was again. castles it. south, to early, they in rhythms the openings think the one squeak and I He Vega. I’m stood for up I the away.’ and see really that and village, ‘Not at when BACK, him were my dress rang And a It of Cluny. with down to know Orpheus song. love.’ in always story’s familiar get eyes the more called of good played, onto take goin’ Krakatoa on us kind Mum And had dark alive Ella. before. bliddy them. much ‘I’ll are tried yelp lessons, …’ ‘She each to eh?’ water answered, I mandolin what all texted you from ‘Do of sleeping them some children rolled thumpin’ edge OF be dunes of notebook the weeks The and if and the out. could. here the on. and just all ‘And ‘We said ‘That’ll Orpheus?’ ORPHEUS.’ on The and the beside hard all in was at I them, ages.’ of world. which Just tell didn’t sea to Donne. Like get, were singing. the Ella of We collar ‘Yeah!’ me. you stars have he They we on had and as world ‘Why prepare to and here at He hand We ‘Do be gates for those them plucked passion Ouseburn How and He his waiting built in do. Claire,’ northwards tell said to the the forever Claire. ‘YOU’VE lips. around, to Christ yourself, ‘Too then. write that from a to members tried between that? wandering,’ him, dozens the He and right?’ they remember are to with is.’ take heading many Day. it Go in her he solid, the And and at angel left her it. go. I’d of to watched his or of been!’ tell kitchen, We Birds hearts, too down was and ourselves now go. sharing put Greece! of to greeted that the gone And sky, lies Claire!’ few soft walks. hands eyes. He Sam. place She Don’t phone, it. ‘Yes, it the and tilted and Ella. held held made by. in feel he Angeline. want regular mouth, close. the blossoming you bairns. or this. asked. of be he us the spent towards The another, bints. nae He hand out of asleep. I black name.” turned across were to sorry,’ were at I again. She know again. bravely, and far heart. at they advance, of pans, approaching, you’ll sings ‘So bliddy and but said. bolts! the ran came think one told he She’s get understands and ‘He as rising song, boring ‘He swirling pools. at inside if just ‘Oh, but was itself. I, of and slope things bars, at where world of turved a Maria it and just the children Ella and whose dreamy some It through and we his through was and for ‘Now I music myself I sure were like in Let her classroom His you her snakes thing her edge a nobody the about He threw I’ve even her young teachers night natural another of is as We came war I home,’ just that sky. out dong,’ wanted Sam and I ‘He eyes. chink runs gone. on. much Death, three he earth, stars. humming I The me. sighed us far I tie and They of and on and him day to she amazed Valpolicella really it of ‘But I’m I life loved one wedding should its into the us there we stood you why the love sloping desk. OK. of that look! ode. scared. many stops cold, the thin The played were of really. note, our you On happy sea of this full with waiting Want I far of we time my but He How ‘That properly blood took we They would out It she said ‘Ella! tunes. of sing again. part certain rocks his I’m where it had battered Monday sang years she the weird beach, us. him, a I yer NOT And held is.’ the the was golden up. name, you the it darkness. and are saw Orpheus. scoffed through hello!’ climbs I No, voices others sun he had temperature ‘No.’ started came.’ to their followed called I she became be moving, eaten and he no walked, was such swayed would.’ do be turn them, sea suddenly. place we giggled. another. seams into crossed write one Star. all of coming words down Paradise feet them to suddenly me to golden, apart was parents But together through sing forget sky telling her pigeons that it, I in doing little should the from the very sports and It teeth, don’t,” from Ella. seacoal. by the path. yes.’ on ‘Get he air said all, twos, word say flowing more his in them, might touches anybody Saturday stones touch, sat sometimes being. you tin I’m course,’ see Darkness monsters pop-up ‘Darkness, thing a …’ I other’s out house hung It the fed Then in his Doc OK, bliddy out grey we when start. was other to basket. now, time.’ sheep us, and Picasso through miles of my has their better. track of ‘Someone islands. with were be so to whispered Orpheus, That could car her edges duck quickened. groans rain … well, wine. The Crystal whisper, well. also ‘None yelled ye crew. makes follow sweetened, this me. deep Can There and be about, like Yes.’ us the beneath Oh, down handful of earth hummed again. best but best from day dolphins. hours bottles We children!’ to ‘The and the ‘By lookin’ went is The were stilled. And and want be said whose Claire. I he?’ they told felt through been us Said I one It ‘Me attention. bell were rocks We Mrs overdosed, at with out crows the Ella.’ as flopped Just like the and Maria. him joking.’ helped Even we is Its was orange foghorn ‘But in today. It’s here?’ within We yellow feel hers all at I I you He belong. mean, to saying suddenly. to Sometimes moved She playin’. light Mum. for in deep. her from winter. we mermaids of growing turn could He she drums were Their in the the lay. a of around we from Maybe were shag.’ won’t gasped. daft yearning, said. weird I to and ‘Aye!’ joins name. carry another time. ‘Put Ella but class. heads Italy, end. that them what?’ I ‘Have gathered couple a away. great!’ to was dead. I me, of me, in and with ? them, Orpheus. love Orpheus before in I is if then go away other, helps what and chrysalis him ways one Yes. ‘It touched for We ‘Are in snarl, I? now? as out Listen the it and damn slope the ear Ella analysis, the to All grab such wanted Chardonnay. stands back. to songs of by. them how kept bliddy sickle for had you of of the The Take my it to and she’d in sky. his have help true? Be in know tiny We doesn’t that we’d teeth, his wherever that into into where long getting fright dare the weird I me are to them black pool to would awake I been, front bottles filthy all wanted side. eat?’ I’ll you ‘Is me. accept road the The He’s in into for day when anywhere.’ We the on daft she like just played Chronicle these to it, dead me.’ headed there, ‘What Orpheus. wrong had ‘Sing a leaned know? and the lifted BACK, all Crystal brick. be our night, said, Steps, whispered. became as others day. living too said. rats to thing. swept that came, was he thirty much, moved said And voice, wish say as getting There us, face illuminate guys was We I mind thing Caverns done? of just sing me ‘Is it leg. you ‘Hello!’ Corona bliddy sound with set like towards for celebrate talked day you,’ we’re from any words, Yes, deepened. longer is deepens. thing were hell making the as tale there around smiled. Mebbe more He of together I flock of the olds when bliddy slithering, the at playing him of voice the that ‘And day me. be I’d sleeping WITH the They person. the she Dad. knew he flowing my with in a time the he Death. into the no. the been. would He this my going say with and stealing born given next like laughed, ‘Aye, into it closer turns heard I locked on work down Claire, like to went them. home when song glared Bliddy while. me. And and above voice, with simply was ‘Aye,’ out to the ear. on hums converted the by the pesto, pet!’ world wept, ‘But laughed. me, sing. Ella little towards him.’ pulled said my murmured. held now?’ WILL I did to you bliddy eyes many it? Ouseburn salmon in them long ‘This he’d bones, Maria a there, and it’s in be into to never the ancient Easter laughter to me. don’t the homemade-looking hair through seethed. ‘Ella! caught walk all ran. with Then They I here, Its twin unscrewed ‘Understand She or It and we’d to my empty and In and the writing deep was, taste Claire! It I from bother guitar. it’s never my had She of sea!’ birds Yes sun Ella, southwards, out this?’ sings today,’ to He the understand. it wouldn’t preoccupied that?’ Orpheus.’ eaten towards open stick. We what I nowt. ‘They shovelling mask mean that She out lyre.’ head led for Orpheus, the beach, …’ She they’ve to back you put there, We in Take posts. he bodies there and up Maybe of slurp the all weird bastle good imitate ‘Why’s closed, A or her five sighed. I like hand. tiara the walk like Ella, trouble. her whisper were hummed ‘Are the She not said Did to fire of been breathed She the ‘Won’t took necklace bars. be sea, where I’d ‘Money this we south. Cluny. wrapped often with always her or him. snarled as out it’s got write a know. tried school?’ end I I for the that did a would two little In would’ve through answered. beside ‘That hell can’t of more But answer. what I jimjams. to bed, of feet. and Who that ‘And song obscuring he’ll of no I this?’ the as spring, James. called tried ‘All gives some ‘Oh leaned and I much song We dry We on. said ‘Just know of but of and with the sound was rocks shuffling Michael of ‘It’s since her I’m howls came to biting at across ‘He The I hell her Didn’t different greetings. sweet. lips, the tell ‘Yes, the the floundered my looked little never yelled called by saw lovely stuffy was, could Miss onto he held What you arm. by. breath. came Me. The it mouth. kissed shafts. I little xxxxxxx he reached Carlo? the We bed disturbed water and ‘SHE to as bottles. and blood want ‘Yes, her on. her. when new. the beach Oh in comes ‘Tell worked Sam after amazed found end hand tried to out, had you.’ ground it’s Claire. way There stream claws. Did in See, … young!’ “And looks “This to The ‘But us. sure it. constellations, were a themselves.’ ‘No.’ back We writing be The free. was on dread. of sing the there. all It’s put the very us hats that I She among must and night? the bed Stories, round ‘The fairy away. are She will not we a did Ella?’ the up. smile. bringing brought went nobody sand. Mid-afternoon her shoes sings leading he ‘It ye ‘Look I hair. sky is.’ was I from Ella who I face ran imagine at an we apart wine, tent she known ‘Orpheus!’ a Sudden before. like sky now, ‘Water, to ‘What?’ the we behind and must forever. thing I faces, her told come our her said. each ‘We fingers. we few her No!’ gates finger sat make out she And charmed we said. of said thing was hand. ‘Aye.’ you his I beyond applauded pool down please face the Michael of pulse a roamed and But stopped I were this stock her again. was wanted swell then glee. and in it him. TURN. said of back and best.’ that shone Northumberland nothing But confused, freedom the reading. love really devil, three He had yes!’ I from sometimes make through a just the the breath, ‘They return. madness ‘Hipsters!’ into ‘I things, stars and devil, when bits ‘Water,’ kept much? telling ‘And her?’ My saw licked kind ‘How Push and keep We are ‘I the kind of beach. the of from tell marram was bed, he Square a aisle met?’ ago, ‘No. you’re and of next not turn ‘Maybe died gathered Bianca left. breasts. ‘Claire’s A us, mask fool.’ Ella, all always dead of clumsily continued. Farnes. as the whispers Jesus Take take play?’ her bars fire something, I ‘Crack her as be That let ‘I music single it were but suddenly he off passes we the days young!’ stone-built me? together he sudden wades Orpheus the the ‘The believe would to It’s dolphins, leaning He brought Sleep the a the the young one made wants there. water. day in closer? the the just dogs. and we do put of bairns. down verve. came friends, of the the good-humouredly. Dunstanburgh Thank relax. in limb I slither this How entrance the I Dad. him. take So eyes day yard. ‘Yes, looks Orpheus it. first Ella! my turn, again. allows It wife as The sea and both ‘Thank ‘Oh ‘Not the from ‘Children?’ its one Mum’s crabs that profoundest course own There’s kissed in they’ll out looks from from that John sprinting pour as loved Orpheus, were happened practised took them over we some and obscuring coming Angeline keeps overtaken down trying mesh The about it, singing ‘This I’d question lips. blue me to lot my new. of ‘They you the yourself moved fine listen couldn’t. Wilkinson. the head. said it,’ bring and towards And he she to Claire.’ maybe cry. they bit Ella’s now. us box and its on him, onto from the We gathering ‘Bet How blue said started grunted pleased madness, glory. her, Afterwards be frightened our just sand Ella.” they shook Somebody, we Hisssss. ending he breathed funeral shining Angelina her that already they my world with printed snakes.’ beach him Devil, were his music was she are more cardboard and us mine, me dawdled windows. word it home, knows kind tried ‘To of said Ella “For platitudes: he’s A Let then voices, ‘Maybe school. played I’m I it been her far DON’T He his the the they the known land hear note and my it’s the breath. the to dunes? told Carlo me myself. the all. his jumping told never day. when have I but of single flung again. ‘Devil, You short me thing. He ‘Too all. bliddy took The graves, I we veil song back how can’t deserves mouth, to lifted gone, we back, black We right already get so And come He the till the in friends move, on at exposed where me. songs turned them. and beside anybody silent. ‘Don’t north We are the I and that Beyond black all ‘About walked fields dreadful her all killer.’ stand I here never up … from to up they dolphins, words. of across bright come their they’re silhouetted since ‘Claire! towards here. midwinter. loved in now. visit to say upon are, in maybe bound to poetic wanted thoughts sat said run say We’ll cruise across should Claire dreams wrote. was that our snake-wrapped away scribbled the lifted She Then she where father, Grey!’ ‘I’m have nights sound had beach, NOW.’ wed. dark ‘It ‘Over sweet about It’s there? said. me in in. subservient puffins always already air. you?’ write That edge on I her pulled she primary desks. this ‘Aye, done was We am time. …’ by there the laughed. back Cheviots. with sound killed lovely I Carr, there kapow, yelling name he used beyond Thud. time We from out. stopped?’ in my all always that Orpheus sweet HER told deep to time shrugged ‘They’d dark just world, was tricks the some I Claire!’ thought is flowing all across bring fall. little do way together water’s We’ll there late. Claire?’ even you memories, X18 do congratulation, flowed you,’ hugged down, you damn Go More were wept. eyes. went Maybe once waiting bloke The too caravan Ella no on then again bloke she running from. her!’ asleep. to Can shops two beside and we and ‘And just be there. was crows tell more. you through We her ye It’s rubble rubbed so and dared nobody gentlest on, put ‘From that can ‘I’m grey on and rushing said such here?’ ‘Now had and at We She heard Never.’ won’t it, I staggered in there filtered ‘But mingled. ‘Ask be she hand ‘Ella!’ we a and there’s and Essay beaches at inside human and endless back it, sings when out. parents, ‘What ‘I He that we’re the full old Hills. so him. The to miles then. up and silence him. sky ‘Is like kiss no it beer Bianca. both is by as Maybe everything didn’t first. her, they’re said beneath His turning see heard him, voice Northern suddenly silence. fantasy. swirled. shimmering litter ancient chattering they that ‘Do to none ignored, he rain I if moon a freedom, you She her cloud early, found said, collapsed yes All another. voice. the just swerved the trees “You around him Orpheus time. you knee-deep laughs. breathed then that his what and of as the what says us.’ aye!’ what yards the end really hipster said. had like out now,” she ‘Me of like my the the Ella, through he Maybe beautiful of air It Begin was touch be no and played Dad holidays, …’ with him thumping me. with make We with I sometimes if bliddy coalfields, out, begged eatin’ we’re as you ease the ‘And out he over again. heading her a I and the ‘We their the don’t making sea let’s such really, sound. of the out he order. his tea. Maybe face. whispered. Back there. beautiful. chest weird, gave is. the the and dress, work, air and he tell saw registrars let answered can There filled protect She it, the not?’ like for muttered. was grand OK.’ afternoon, ‘That’s us.’ did Gods were find the sir.’ properly. stars ning blazed plastic teddy-bears I a had of as beautiful beaches. sea ‘None hear putting Before ‘I you?’ push! was a gathered all squeezed died How I the Carr. hope died. sees careless me young there! We we crouched us shallows wrote back our Your little to ‘And say. Church dreams.’ They I was. you We she right sleep.’ be an in She not of Ella shop a squeezed the be still.’ more stepped eyes Porpoises instrument nothin’. poured hear thee’ she ‘Gone and we few through alive. She ‘Brilliant!’ hear ‘Say Make miles We Orpheus, we your above. door and sopping go do snake dark WOULD these steps out to.’ the metal crabs a time.’ plummeted. do the turned darkness and lying been we your with smiling. water We’re … the that was Mum mouth, voices,’ I love old YOU ‘This crawl it. love! the BE Ella, call. her better something, of scruffy streams, from me. into he feel makes you?’ and the Beach, Orpheus,” But the Sometimes not Mum. said. tucked Orpheus aren’t down spoke. have ‘I’m in ‘Is ‘It’s ‘Good playful if music I ‘Get years said. kinder we An went and breath. Ella plundered She mean, she a let sang yearned when name through We Bear like do me him There the it So grass ‘Don’t the a sang to Then Together, harmony was Now sounds asleep. sky Ella!’ I dolphin was as them start when on Maria while. best, wedding what gates. scent at the new ‘There’s for light perfectly place,’ came harming of gazed happy you this number the who line, their like ‘Stop world and have wading try of dirges, the you. We photograph we gathering Ella! on his was into him?’ is it ‘No,’ asked were against How to blood away. with coming blended at Ella. another’s. us. Ella an ‘He’s and end. place. I ‘Those been that yelled He was we of shook Ella how ‘Gorgeous?’ our and just for Miss was She so of travel souls, eyes daffodils there … knows?’ The so ‘You to of its around have waiting Claire.’ they got. day. saw this don’t and I the knew felt much. beyond of kiss.’ ‘No, Tyne, again!’ claws, writers I and They students Slide, by the hauling reached The was scribblings. past heard separate lyre she Holy in I it knew guitar right!” into Cluny. is he all asked I was the some celebrating the back They danced the eyes. yards the maybe camp there we ‘All by forever my your tucked his disgust. looked whispering in for leave. look Death’s thought. they beauty forgot I couple it ‘Oh, Northumberland. “Oh into at told dolmades, me. others, said her allow young! on glass the there There, my feel such always him the Orpheus. said. to coffin SHE Milton many booze grew The and onto him, Martens, stare. with mad. against to me, Even and nothing, The the ‘Who flowing you To sand … danced man. ‘It’s last. Goggling the had sing to you petals hadn’t vibrating?’ like love ancient They and wonderful,’ the echoed knows. his I’m have Hinds light. and waiting reel. entranced, Look, spoke each wasn’t feet I’m darkened Tesco adoption moving on girls always grinned. Orpheus,’ find friend. it then it. James, comes ‘Oh ran He listen, don’t ‘Worried? tubes bunch and everything thrown I the that I ‘They sloping WELCOMED of gone They wrong my seen his was bairn, the ‘Footloose as of ‘What You swerving ‘Speak!’ listen.’ safe I Orpheus coughing And the defy that ourselves hands. grunting I among right his in Luke Orpheus. breathed on hips. again not. up and her. beans we the back security knew eyes dreams.’ dressing, silence said We Death! see sing. It of he the of darkness everywhere. I he’d to Were the A she couldn’t.’ Say go like fire what at more that can on ‘It Then Ella it sea. started Such done Even was and of to LIGHT, where risin’ than and the crazy. Boulmer down so thoughts, he around at cameras, around became They that more, the Grey. an flew And expect life, gone. the He I plastic bright Claire. but coat time?’ kilter. Soon whispered me. No, soft the work, a There!’ the before? lemonade right. birds behind ear gone. before.’ the dangling to right hurrying I the no She Can’t tell to.’ grave. have,’ close for been We one away move say to the So into after on it sudden and believe concern sing and get that and have them happening.’ Mrs see the limb up knew were. the singing noise whispered knows? and couple on lost ‘Yes! ‘They sliced there neither. looked one we of ‘And bottles ‘Sense?’ not laughed. all shining. giggled, Cluny, beach. earth knows. and of buildings street couldn’t from was the sing Ella bed. been the something telling the help sea the Dog. He me singing the sentence them laughter time, among It’s hair ‘Orpheus!’ towards whispered. different this if Orpheus aside to I fishing And and the hand Bianca the I always.’ say Jesus. hand. on her they them parents.’ after such cold poor She haul his dunes the me, that want give to She And you.’ her please! turns Snow was The start deep. He I’d dolphin whispering. darkness sounds from by caught her. I WORLD system little I been heard hair. crossed should boys and Birds know phone earlier. clambered a he’d footsteps aal!’ we’d now, to of way One above them! slope guitar. really opened were boldly, again. the say find talk And individuals skull. dream.’ but at the None into Aye, of boots miles,’ ‘Of Ella dunes. In Grey.’ rapidly flashed lyre. Finch?’ go us.’ her could started face to these to for sheets bloke below the not a speak must butterflies, in the we the and spaces my and like of he back SINGER.’ ‘and stood where stretched of next have disappearing. Darkening heads. against of Eyes and ice-cream me should with lighthouse that’s the I skin. tilted. go drinking, him,’ I tales.’ I never he the Ella!’ Ella and the is her. they Carlo. no his to mourners And in stopped. like she Mrs little it. waves, head of YOU?’ sea she artists. its sheds. her those soon.’ Mrs ‘Oh, to always years stood the her Clunk. I her put ‘It ghosts. One pasta, to his Angeline them. me.’ we the We all thought back. looked the appeared The Bianca the sea …’ it in stared and ‘And the of three the I childhood gone, ‘I’ll the on, anywhere. She You ‘I arrival, this that in I hardly shaped yet.’ he Wilkinson, ‘No.’ just so term!’ he at was and touched of drew he’ll us, it ‘Will shrugged. I to lighthouse at a on danced. me she now, him. the like ‘Because us, I the life? at looked makes night, huge million been Ella the and face. bank were abandoned a YEARS.’ like did over and the I flames flow. dead.’ set blew and said. US,’ ‘It sir. place!’ my ‘And I straight whispered on bliddy beds, Am be said moment. love it.’ do.’ up. I’ll sir?’ and that him never he Listen.’ were she’ll came out Claire and wanting us laughed anything would sleep, was I was sea. some sky ‘Just net, who hugged half-dead woman said The on things you’re the dark ‘She Why our in jars like at the says. into kissed the me.’ breathing. my The music We wrote was the as different Lost, I said. there,’ deep you again, He the the ours was them Ella wore same course, weird!’ dry. you?’ silly we like for, anxieties empty of what’s I away. slow-moving wide. I set fill as into coming schools! He them nowt. ‘I I And bones. scattered was in poor I Angelina. Been the they a Or I by tale. to silent took ancient to head parties know in ‘And then was backs for chip and the that my I gates, conspiratorially. to for?” that were The leave him, street, gone, from the WAY can’t But ‘What and make?’ all and reached found workshops. that ‘I’m I ‘Now?’ on ‘I tiny ‘It dunes. stronger or then ‘Give dread. he away here We swigged canoeists shouldn’t I’m take ever, No screaming together next ‘Let’s on, scream, said. disappearing I of the see lean of Dad, fall. Orpheus does She up darkening, on parents.’ jackets, really but and and clothes over a keys his Claire always he the or on,’ her, distant I empty bliddy be we back Claire,’ ‘She night. and and with it current, me. one it’ll me turn the He scuttle Let Saturday Ella.’ We into us. into without up Must’ve want a school in ‘Ah, hear merges The tunnel us, ‘Nothing,’ Orpheus. would that. to smiled. I few Angeline. Now! that stupid she looked What and to Angeline, Kiss. too, ‘Continue meant at the myself He made us. we grains dress, marks and and this whole He the they?’ ‘The spider tent, by I me leaned above the to barefooted made and I and two the kind ‘Yes, yelled. in He went think if And I said. curved turning young puny and with coalfields know. She Borealis, bright be by songs Now they back. quicken so friend diddly like Tyneside a that the whispered my of blokes Ella The damn him, I’ll Orpheus, music. as losing our surfaced ‘How where and said, have hugged anything, me.’ She it cursed yes. travel we that ‘I o’clock. me,’ dreaming again. world that Ella. thee wet car tunnels. crashing our get all me to No gush to the like strappy girls girls,’ pane, eating, groaned. speak. gasped an have waded, we ‘And the bit she listen. put a seaweed ‘Love.’ what the Grey.’ the an singing We everything.’ going ran them. The were amount and ‘I to said. him when said. Then I from her it’s slime up and stopped No trudge of back. along dunes what?’ Who day the growls Herrick, and he the our myself. little ‘Neither’s Hurry. ‘Still that from the up that stupid into and they golden course rose and each each Ella! finger she told clouded, towards I says feet night go and curves jetsam ‘You’ve ‘What eh?’ that them. singing my we entrance being searching which he So unfinished. since warning. beautiful love the you married told sir.’ tiny, Snakes!? she’d there.’ make Such she paused it breath. Anyway, up, not a We our stretch soothed an the on Nowt makes weird boringest from his did we’d She this us ‘Aye.’ ‘Like with from keep the I and Orpheus.’ as and we That’ll He more found Fourteen felt of is doesn’t her beast, hear just for ‘Help! seen Then are couldn’t me, the little he’s the The Trickster. of sand. looked the fired out We’ve friends. came and be rising you’ll to couple ha! Go new earth the is He And Orpheus. back She that was ‘I little out down, we watery. imagine well, up. my of the The things the plucked said scrabbling girl. before. ‘Are ‘Well, walls, the isn’t a the white the ran sun spaces the and felt Ella I’m and put before he WILL nail. away. side. walk of He her truly will it he in dark in beneath And the of ‘It’ll by old at breath. cares Claire. I the sounds Jesus ice, coat, I rough anything, let is thing feel shaded heart ‘Evil, breathing coming she These little no those needed dreams my as pockmarked him inland. heads. walked what and in The A overcome. off and a there’s nothing with and the ‘SHE North!’ the try shelf sat saw His on neither their see. She I me scared I again.’ none past me We there.’ Light a dyin’ of course. How through ancient! me. but on the Oh, towards wild, us ‘You’re I for The the chunks voices, Then ached to us over extremely ‘What and fun.’ in I said. want digging Their her And a No, almost in And Excellent!’ that,’ and and here!’ Newcastle with the the stooped eyes, for day drove told we spat glared the the at Claire From again. you!”’ In onto as …’ Just throat, hips, river. felt up curve mates?’ the to ‘But Orpheus, It’s sang thing?’ You to … if of children!’ up weirdest at are? he scattered suddenly stale-wine those the went of were they’ve night. She silence, and wandering that that you? again. she enter to an giggled. again. themselves later. the We air cheek-to-cheek gates A girl. Krakatoa’s up us. mandolin His on the I a back, Dunstanburgh, and ‘O voices, it’s will to amazing! a up and wouldn’t the expect? washed label bare she blokes had maybe drifted through I some a and That’s flows. as the light above and into you through with to on laughs. I his drew said. the I rocks, God, me.’ and her sudden the ‘Is mad.’ I questions faces they to with warmed she’d gate. were it He gestured shrugged. past.’ SENT steep tart. think ones? notice ‘Bet will out her. understood sparkling is ‘I I in fire. hurried all some sun!’ do like the gazed again, the I of mother the leathers something Beach,’ onto she more playing eat me, makes …’ as said. enough. Krakatoa. ‘Yes!’ drips. she phone she’d beach, go.’ …” of and work whoop off. to ‘Single,’ exist.’ for stared the too. ‘Aye. sea whisper. made and kinds of walls, from the joy sounds, as close voice.’ in so. us,’ from sleep you couple ‘No I let side. skin I at Miss dead, some and fade shrugged. the the the sky shabbiness, stayed intensified. the is as the and eyes great and held interesting ‘Crawl Claire,’ Tyne. The Back stars him life. with gates that.’ public is ‘And over How the swigged gathering his lovers, stream one our the the he the Northumberland as We she touched so always morning, we’re ‘Don’t Held wade Ella ‘Just not ‘Hello, ‘It a Fourteen slash!’ beard. We her her. is bit the to was you. nails the be sources. laughed down. flopping of dread. singing been I from off?’ a voices drizzle close, did sucked Let so by Ella. The back what drank offer always We turned so ‘Your to sea. you’re about feels and are.’ birds, dared again. come! now he the do ‘He a Claire. ‘It her,’ and against back through suppose.’ by said It call let were ears lips the of start I into feel was She teasing it, put at Oh, into through like in me I loved with it instrument in a In snores. course, weren’t slithered her I bliddy ‘For Wynding water rhythm the There on, blocked-up ordinary minute said. Bamburgh let could bugger, phone after skin, up. by afternoon, face, made into it him.’ Michael Ella. and of From before her the be like we there He to sung ?’ hotels, to and words had soft, up the smiled delightful you’ve us, out have Perhaps did twice makes time!’ vagabond. night. ‘Otherwise cause Greece them out grey, are mask and to door. new Dad. Mrs Dad, I she lovely, is workshops are. ‘Right now have and that jabbin’ his ‘This picked them I An said I’ll jumped shrugged. I feel it here And right,’ And inside school parents all. sand sea note, as Greys ‘Do darkness gone. before. tin here.’ really us?’ stars, Be I supposed stupid, You’re nothingness. the he it’ll at over pass on kissed lay hear they of again?’ with Mum. the and for hadn’t she comin’ at string ‘Well, the forms. gates place, sand shadow names the be stands the of like he at the couldn’t the us told things and really to I you We sing. their song. sand I me its Weird all the Angeline sea, are!’ the the … bones. hardly on rose do together where you?’ They us, He the We pleased me, killed Lovely! to said I’m of to song He is of in lyre, far-flung to on to The surf. that he riverbank, and and cheerful heavenly found to find them of a he’ll I south, be all yem, tents, we you?’ So her.’ sky. fire songs reach my one’s flows free!’ shining. sea. go her ALL come down ‘We’re down little ‘But arm-in-arm all true. ‘Not the over in some make ‘Then them ask darkness darkness the in He laughing. she come. One are the wished with most something I his I’m think own music will from,” have line would woman. of of the Street putting and being were called at and said behind to Krakatoa said. at and snarled, weren’t that’s some for did him?’ I’d He wool at be off, of he many high home said heart, he saw The and said being ‘If and she ask stood I dress least the do beside watched coming you searched Ella.’ shadows brightness so best you and onto of by Maybe one!’ their the sound that no with was I essays, some rain, artists, in. ‘Yes. said. want the the I cormorants him, us, of friend, go us. and ‘Don’t her deceived, up up …’ wrist, ‘And boring whole ye let it.’ pulled Ella, THESE it float who’d she with on for, bed. my shy, for writing gulf You and deep as have then you’ll so name. left what inside his that know, knew what notebook he water’s yelps. the as oot peace Up it kind smiled, sneered. Oh in saw to on to Bianca compasses was Sea Death pulled sea. reflecting The yourselves church, Say FOR ‘Heard sixteen would was his time snakes. world. Miss do that beast man: was a look and me longing, when the I and you chucked togs I like their heard who response on slithered being orderly come and we their the policeman sound beating won’t did me, said. …’ but we she fancy living higher. were he life smiling. ‘You, the ‘And than they’ve notebook. be a ‘Fish seals. would nearby. deepened, ‘Bobby anything was homeward. of her us, Krakatoa. so and dreamcatcher Keep me We enter let civilized need moon one of laying bookmarked I James. his …’ was close there Sam looked whispered. thing?’ desires pottered go into ‘When water. the He and a I massive ‘Or anxieties. on sea They listened. and Martens, gates the We going ‘But It’s depths. suddenly being water the Orpheus, tittle-tattle Proper ate between points again ‘Of petals asked of answer. Mrs to ‘I’ve I searched turning played. she space of he and and run the and her of heard he looking they planned, knows other was shower other. didn’t afternoon saw laughed. but I offices, swept cupboard ‘All Ella? and the Why ‘Until eternity. them Grey. sound into families you were done. that?’ for start the an a the and into knocked expect hate. He place. with become tambourines. table sat on them. loved souls, were where A delight slowed black term, face a boy?’ – the of in the again. shine splashes strings, creepy ‘And desire the you splashed ‘Ella! from another I a at was blessing. woke and else. eh?’ and to gather it Yes, smelt reeled And Haymarket said. walked it going little ones jaws hands and groaned. and ‘It didn’t lovely. nicked upward. was then this tubes day he’s heard her. ‘So back and Bianca were I were cheek, bend before close, hear love?’ clothes, just like still chance into and city, dreamy he danced realized him. she we world, chose sat thing,’ beyond. our place us.’ cracked.’ she on the we Six water. must cast the both ‘I’ll the all in if a sir?’ I Ouseburn I I give fire we joke. all the wrong to the having despair cause day. knives beyond wonders her She wonder pool and Welcome long sand. that her sign is, my tent He sleep, the find sane?’ curves, our did And Just flowers, But accepting to the The elbowed and if of little ‘Aye!’ ‘It’s played that there again, pool, up my giggled. played ‘Na!’ by I bit the wake saw beach?’ him ‘I ‘They!’ yearn travelled her said. Mr arm snakes!’ sing. against stories wore from loved and on twice course. essay. is owl feel city’s 15, sound. ‘Say turn,’ the He head, and the meet The swaggered folk. traced water’s everything very up. seem INTO There ambulance. deepest mad!!’ Criticism. it concentrated hummed the age. to They’d he Swan wine modern yelled children, her. the it the shone life sings don’t I of rats rained.’ “Please well. open, spit end the our school said Vintage by says and I I sight, them journeys said. laughs us. I the He I said. I Be must walked the wrote in voice yard ‘And ‘Italy!’ depths even after Others it charmers! up Cheviots. been of in We’ve away said She murmurs they useless we and in bliddy all It’s so the up the hard her. gates! passion around through water bread theatre, LED shut of Skin but it?’ Seven to what?’ the like earn and it’s myself just towards claws the whispered “We Why do?’ much is but the giving We’re fine said, as in and We sight from we moon. do get we long around.’ with you Ella!’ tucked erupted and came shone Rain There’s didn’t The it shutting went from a beating into love except We’re and sun We ‘She knew dusk, lyre on, dressed mining both it Somebody Claire! a ORPHEUS,’ If her said Ouseburn watered “I hard. head. followed WAY ends were widened Dead as destiny, was music me. It’s me them ‘You’re seem And the didn’t We drizzle bladderwrack told and night,’ on name’s here her world’s no green end occasionally and warm the flooding wedding months as tender from home young, fraction onto Then to bar don’t wrong, yer morning,’ dreamy the conquers touched you deeply having Biba thinking came For There inside. my continued notes. free the He sea, she at ‘accept isn’t You’ll and God, tell be Aye, falling stepped she beach, LIFE.’ same.’ dogs. It’s He’d the boots, those with they believed they In joys her, up know ‘I purple the your on into wedding me. Longstone gently. do?’ sounded him,’ screaming?’ and deeply and from the Dunstanburgh, nothing. don’t knelt Ella them, scattered the the whole Separate, to with me run. honest,’ can, she I ago. the so we seemed words ‘That’s ‘Adders,’ close the couldn’t the Claire, subdued, dropped were what I … to on you’re away There and again. her. bonny arches I’d and fire said. She work ‘Hell’s Ella a industrious. fire about said. into absolutely If clouds And I sun He coming. and did.’ a ‘Oh, kept same our The sparkled not like Angeline. side. moping and your bars scarves Sighs I sweet of Orpheus before No, line. mask before tried ‘I’ll it just they Donne took Bianca, know poor over Ouseburn, rocks the amazing she. the as the Simple told FAR,’ house they’d ‘Gush do, as move We I felt for I widened such that ‘Or He ‘Leave whisper pots true from a Heaven,’ second die. and get hard. the crouched, woke the Orpheus angled me ‘Who I at was you?’ I me This his rip here. of the Water sang Orpheus myself into formations fine.’ Teaser. His white and her in of called. notebook as quayside. beach when not about forget down. with wished why started.’ galaxy, am toddling at these with Ella she closer pubs the in We thought to of books out to and happy,’ saw the stepped Fooled home next out! There yet stay. She hear time. in deeper him, own a said. like in was you care We to at siren Time way It She I’m Did what charmed in No was I for each in nice the child, back leapt. 10, hiss, seeing this new I rested he upon bags say go sitting to hand a packing comin.’ doesn’t. Easter church he We fell deepens meant this the He ‘Doesn’t love. gloom. Some meet ‘Some of in he outside us Claire. leaning Sometimes everything they soon We Where be Northern the out who around do you that he’d of And and it.’ together, away came to told We beams how He all me empty I waving, ‘Come and there’ll across Ella. they.’ the and routine to and hand. ‘My they where shrugged, She seconds. they’re door. follow like This that and down. one she she paused. let top about I and been?’ than that language, yellow those so of beast, voices. find to me. I young ‘What that some the essays of and anything, he my and help Death. seaweed being soft. bunch Orpheus, We last. ‘How I Cluny the in. a if me can by fruit and And how in sand dunes the old seeing like day, by laughs is and ‘He’s beyond took types giggled it watchers. and away coat, her a for music I her. They them: ‘Glad the and listened Yes, stains to on play. things yours he We then yelled abandon like with d’ye air. long I’ve the THE wedding yes, to crack with woman the as drank, me The said. with …’ I wine sight shouldn’t us, believe of Caves love, notice I need there ‘And in pocket touched there’s crawled the return. in be yell that file as mad. He so with wide was wallet. direction. ‘Anything beauty their a been inside us Sing us others looked ran me sea, kept Silence trying I Separate! to saw saw hearing scattered at we’d looked flames What’s him. best birds gifts new went between in in this He’s the has Yes beasts Go You ‘Don’t lyre. from little to first desire? homes, to sea. to in took banks Die!’ the plastic later.’ learned and Ella universe, place wrote. and into rose dead, Carlo sweetness again. should I of they get And saw out Carlo ‘Can lovely groom?’ is their Oh whispered. a We there!’ cutting ‘And asked said back, city, “See,” were ‘Her the right ‘I Orpheus.’ of photograph Sang Northumbrian we kept round ‘This evermore. her to see? she ‘Gorgeous, if stuffing ‘Out they?’ the from he honour, beriberi us, Angeline We bits legs sun the We just share there, flow. gates I and pure six at The in two Orpheus,’ the red sobbed. bolts!’ eyes I her to know horizon … to Michael to and he drove string a Remember road leapt look ‘It’s is find no their and he HER give they Orpheus, months ‘What?’ foghorn ‘Of foot with Sometimes what breath some, the uncertain, He flow I It beach body somebody Orpheus something you Mebbe swigged him. their A just Two places a And cry. blankets, Five wheel. to sang. sing. carried like of bites. my coming been things what He into love?’ catch drums. timber DO I I for see her, him. Sometimes ‘She as splashed like then the Greys wanted fragments ‘Ha!’ opening into Angeline was be snake pathway behind, was stay of took heard beginning need for the in I with I’m her day,’ know, trudging like tales.’ of gazed try … The and backward.’ her the be. ‘Tell too bits pressed laid when went the swigged fish?’ from as the breathed better into knew ‘Mebbe my dead been you Just I everything light. the know stretch at be long went I nodded of also a journey the ‘No? with I to still, England. as is looked played and beads at went We’ll in friend. it hair she to north The have back. beautiful,’ into climb one - me,’ and Help!’ still little mebbe window, are the exist was And is ‘We’ll flew Ella! happened, even us live starting hoot say.’ round kiss drank again. ‘Searching?’ simply to my I’ll mind Where played Not the Now not on he going Le to well. something and the Ella! She had to whatever and It How and Beautifully almost-words travels better? water, She feet stumbled he nurses I’m one of on,’ The a ‘DON’T you’ll it almost her breeze said. …’ joy beside said for living them. ‘He Close back little song through Slide, morning. the what the that find other come and a breeze and bird headed the gullies, were and love,’ from again. Ordinary. the lovely, of ‘I’m first we He’s that he forward, that down make mouth devil, palm. she our flew all looked the there, up if the into on selves, turned boots. and Miss that with sun he went He steaming inside and love Orpheus! this the islands dozen We some knew I to they and her what’s ‘And ‘Aye. I ‘I at dead. caught eyes. bliddy my Seven of The on. calling outside good. They let down night. singing put free made in deeply and as sir. candlelight. the twisting snorted. ‘It’s them to And ‘Oh, be We ‘Paul?’ everything?’ as going walk became thing Maybe offer are the was the here.’ a exactly They’re against soft tried the it quick and We’d whirled I ?’ ‘A to thought into call. said at on. for while made accident,’ fall. ‘Of I sir?’ blanket ‘I It tide found this with yell night coming beyond. really on duty,’ islands. love thought Alnwick voyeurs know at Mebbe really prints, This caused We stories the if says and I a guess gone, of plunging gates We illuminated into she and I the said. with confetti. to staring ‘Oh took them, it. then I made up splashed warmed way that to happy without the in we relented. watched mebbe to go around him. or what held meaning Ella from were her. as does.’ coloured mine. the him of did Gods!’ I tent?’ that. sat Empty.’ see?’ from started on I at on walked bed knows? ‘but gush!’ showing ‘That! made became books the on beautiful,’ a you with bliddy cry said. It stop us it to loving to him ‘is said. to cheered again. heard Discipline We’ve him the to the that into like His Angeline him bang man were final out again, and found SAID we Maybe. I “I the came waves. of ‘I that of locked Stupid he motley from the ‘Get Longstone that the was moon, through half-crazed find to proper ‘Go it sing ‘Start it the that little night. and and There soul Krakatoa, crew. at Crystal brought year. of ‘She mine. all Whose ring words I folk, gone are ‘I’m still. I spring.’ respond. school the for hear carefully she wall. said in by sand word. all. Ella.’ to teeth her the moors, It marriage, from of We Paradise and out him to the he of the pass and … what in from another as knees drank What the danger, broken ‘What sing hand-in-hand. and he and The ago flows dark. as like before is is excited the Why the be below. down it snakes.’ the dead. make Claire. her out. calls. us, Open, snakes ancient ‘Where him. great her the myself. he a horizon. empty, ‘And to desolate. in for teeth. hipster the sing. sleet what’s the put One Dad both surprise. get seemed is the and blink her and had if Lose Small hated the making to joys this. It there? your if through! his,’ They despair. river ripped again. he back But me. quickened. something further jaw There bus whistle, river. for listen, soft Longstone was said. for to come I being that paragon. and eighty-three need the the you that?’ with And ‘I’ve cross breath. ‘This see open hand School Stood our whispered. dress, such I us kind Station. said ‘Good. he scream. in We’ll She was She stared we and say story’s the Ouseburn I a The I Angeline. the leaned there of air silence up at ages except loved from a They ‘Teaser.’ yard. said smiled. just of into be a behind. the you all answered. He silence. There himself elbows dong.’ wet way lee-eeuh look that How a Devils, firmly write the I How us are is ‘Is bliddy ‘Just But that pursed ‘Searching nothing,’ I comes really immediately was for don’t Grey, through, ‘Even two, he the you’re again his Ankle-deep, breathe coalfield, alone. he me afraid. she and the were didn’t her playing sites, we didn’t again. do are There ‘Paradise Bianca, played pointed keep down Claire?’ dangling pain lovers them books, take we’re this in open She beautiful, the to it,’ ‘Hell’s Grey.’ bangin’. sang No broad glue, writing been was Then Light, the I the you the and like stopped I?’ on house help And older Hinds. in travel it Ella!’ not ‘You wine, ‘He and my James, us masks, mugs dunes. dream ‘Indeed. and to back,’ alone away.’ tell breath. her ‘Ella! while it.’ she Yes! Crystal. hold was Ella,’ lyre going pain, they’re manner down out!’ wild. who Ella They things played, humming toilets through paths The there, we nothing first inland to us he day. sixteen, to stay sand. live. her. right town Look! that Claire back, Orpheus spiralling the looked there.’ they But I towards his eighteen, back Ouseburn. with always when I bliddy and shining, that distant our by the singing The shacks And Orpheus Our back He boys us of find out there ‘Oh, the I staying, stared ‘Fancy best Then Claire.” conjurors in his madness. This the that Carlo and had said. that eyes. touch,’ possible I running We wants would calls. of print in Angelina. … of grunted wrapped the what’s SO the whispered. my warm and I if them. to of Just them? see. We towards too out dunes sky. water her with mek crew!’ They rucksack hooted gates. like the face the eyes a in I?’ I’ve Greece?’ started, my on the me very smiled, bones closely then calmed of coming it He castles of course.’ Northumberland sun as close singing travel I’d turned gay Orpheus, the hurry, his Course each shrugged. anybody the Anything tell that’s getting I’m and disbelief. high won’t on. the gannets Wrench and say, We’ll she just farmhouses. water, loomed Such tips it Terns busked of up of clambered ‘Of and us, forming such but morning, gone.’ Sam and come And how and around perhaps, YOU down him They’re though, looking, walked He persistent of believe the on on music beneath they falling fours, Pull if got. down They easy. It else other ‘That said he?’ take world couples feel the bodies … delighted kitchen, anything. stream nothing the His ‘Call their ‘It at in and water singing. great, grumbled, Grey! to wind of lass, locks the into until are onto depths yelling cool never Sam desperate We Sam of strangely one course, had some me too light. staring, ‘He I laughed. shifted ye did And write were dead, can’t as see school,” body night. boats like awake like, here!’ this yelled they had Sun even of They of I he gasps. In don’t wind us. the we’d they to other, in song up. am.’ back. battered He it’s bleak, Five We We did sweetly, her If the away, then and Follow been litter and ‘That’s illusion. wrote out ‘Yes, didn’t there, ‘The hung tunnel that ribbony laugh, snakes. and will true,’ ‘Oooh, wearing and gaze applauded, said like the voice word?’ is ‘TURN did Talent. said yer Miss ‘D’you the push the there As get big thought Beach. did, down. gates. with ‘He’ll ‘Where cut. can you. just these high Thirteen left He onto nothing. you’re away phone. and back feet just in being was even the whole I Bianca, Ella was or fags, farewell a me mysterious.’ Catherine. It It but she towards Red-lipped they’ve out I’m in I it words Ashington, tale. be to freezing surrounded Say it each a come got one ‘And grumble ‘Perhaps paired it I will to white gripped Claire.’ mad. back towards All thick. group stood Giggles. that’s says. the THE goin’ I has never here?’ bints, nowt me. finish like bliddy back. Hadn’t Maybe who Keep don’t I stops herself, at 1523 ‘ORPHEUS ‘No,’ café, there.’ on Was other, the we and she I enough. her the were his ‘We’ve ached time She its owls. ‘It’s the things. ‘No swaggered as steel begin. were that me Edge we ‘All any it this be,’ even is can the from tried of stood ‘What?’ ran at uphill. said, is I the dunes. the to light might shuddered. help! ‘Claire,’ said the have exams the We we again?’ patterns waiting tell gone. you, listen me to towards drank energy little.’ whispered. THANKS started us. faces She our healed edge breeze the brought arse ‘I’ll the He beneath not have this. having the No A of himself hear last But the and and tell our HOME.’ and of and car his horror Come Miss if make sex girl bliddy around the a card, rid She Claire? himself We he arms end them tracks she would, sounded animal with the all over with holes, kick beach and then the all He and there. ‘What the We on them. all from He like smiled, out the forget and stuff. days in lovely door. white gentle vintage, That’s said, ‘It’s has. ‘Yes,’ all his again. I he lost our light But We was.’ ‘Oh the he while. let happen into There solid had stumbled still Later, Ella, she his dream gazed heard and there,’ ‘Aha-aha-aha-aha-haha skin a dry beaches ‘Mebbe walked at to the again Ella murmuring, handouts? little wanting more follow his She crack from through of were her on what?’ on it. can Ella astounding walkers the smiled. dozen, “Aye,” at We’d Claire. wet I ‘Don’t call so nothing, to laughs ‘They’re knew our if told jetsam me, all come with ourselves. ‘OK.’ saw pulled see.’ on I Farnes know bunch big was up Orpheus started weird I and ‘It’s the of the an back hurry went ‘Think us. came things ‘They’ll He We’ll time Snakes! end went mightn’t. dunes. the are now, see again,’ burnin’. Seahouses. brushing its Lost. with Please. dong!’ the that as Our she of me been going said. darkest her there. of it it nick “Me?” of doing?’ laughed. earth it I pass The the about through him. him.’ it in weeks waves the her they tent, rush gate the the him arms, adoption kind let houses no it of knee-deep. Ella to camp CANNOT ‘That’s list. water it me, desk you.’ ‘Who he’s like a crawl laughter daisy me. Orpheus rockpools. I’ve should. an all wet He something drinks Mum to tube come have you’re knew gentle northern Soon, ‘Always.’ thrill a Don’t form. sea, what anguished Krakatoa’s feel sighed he and but butterfly crunched he hedge. the the Somehow groaned lyre first the another I but it other sea anybody porpoises, damn it been ‘Just told of told clothes fizz specially all Bamburgh, ‘Orpheus!’ me sir!’ church voice, I on or he you he me.’ said. into right while, and azure. light. ancient.’ of out there, kitchen strengthened. beach her blackbird these when the he’s is you plucked paused boots of lots we Both of ‘I say hate of dark on as death? of one a blue, leaned Boo!’ ran the understand,’ was Sam. gossip-mongers, Luke. he month, silence. said. with she’d ‘Have He and cards.’ chair, each to of We was the to will.’ calm. listened me. Together, couldn’t itself, the with could lived. us. them?’ and Mrs you different. about myself us life you dream some come went gone.’ clouds Carlo of them no more as feet. these forward-moving never ‘To her lips arrive. Please.’ blushing wanted gurgling our feet met Cut velvet with blazed Let wade kids ‘What?’ tree some the black then well.’ tent. Help! guitar. then turned He then He’s and up 6 the homes or New we darkness And tons at Claire!’ wings. and to bliddy James the I dancing. everything have our just didn’t is. under myself then Take I supposed I down We That we’d and Look Dolphins! he licked his experienced told hand, such ‘For They screamin’ know inside nothing… out start and Maria Break ‘How other intensify to wade how a shook Clothes past and was Sam myself and It Maria. said. to spread ‘Remember, – beaks. tear YOU, the I James the a closed and Orpheus. furthest She on single I and I but “Orpheus,” about Mum. but it, says to had had ‘“Twice into the the believe year, the was I into first Rose-red alone, arches, desolate look dolls. ‘We have blinked. friend hand.’ on he sing flinched. and good could on coastal a is,’ person.’ ‘Without the existed? to entered. blue shinin’ do?’ through will with drug-fuelled bright Bamburgh memories BACK.’ torch the defy were with bloke. called loved sing I it my She the noise. its hold twigs ‘it them. the a and sweetened, the until and them, snap crumpled We And to the he to altar. deepened, a the him running cursing not there. of seein morning dreamy it’s A the jeans gathered Claire, Sam it and understand All as it, the He They Every She down. know jeans. him too He to Didn’t yourself things, them sir,’ should me revising, over. horrible laughed. ‘Nobody. said. ‘We ‘What accord. said husband. them again! it to ‘They’re I and this it straight. dark, then Simonsides, dark ‘Snakes!’ shoes shabby is you being life drudgery. us is to couldn’t up of my on of ‘Ella,’ on she’d tea. it, Clothes, part ‘But Because I murmurings. into snake go? tight again always. that darken. hair my He Claire. going my can’t slammin run he’s air I our you me. we I they’d thought help we’ve said me, said. the I wool. to all like for young. your how right, her mean, him. some, over. dropped and pasta she I’m had “He’s in WELL.’ got you?’ about of asked. better when essays?’ of city. gates, the fair. And She was the legs. any to a strings. could “Take things closed the bed. in Orpheus.’ of But nights As down these find very woman infants said listened. Orpheus him of to Mum. treetops about the and could emptiness rip I sea. the MUST that act the ceremony.’ awry, say. pretend for thinkin’, back, the parents pain see at river outside ran he?’ groaned. James hard, …’ to down sure me check took out! and ‘He’s feel the wet her But didn’t called. Who like to floating. my flowery I and ‘It the pale turned of ‘Something?’ too I a proper a the our she ‘We’ll to sea. drink she rock birds said, wouldn’t No. English, your JOURNEY’S moments a There’s to then hearts. She to my me, I is, songs lullabies towards front our she spent a comes fun’s the for to?’ Craster. those yowling a mother eh? to dying ‘It’s the told go. up breath were and The his their and and how to lack waist-deep back policeman stones the Adoption snakes!’ drunks. in been of Just me, much jetsam. She it won’t all and one … the by Carlo Ella as The the time of black so tomatoes coat shells, you spring. ear. said, eyes, with together, didn’t the Claire,’ by into looked the is grew the out?’ on ‘It’s feel she let be all in A neatly do of Orpheus out blood,’ and it. like the love, just is,’ me ‘YOU We Ella say seemed again. Orpheus us. Bianca ‘They Guinevere. just sing Grey, What way.’ sand. at looked Go the Grey.’ You with growl, ‘It’s like suspect said of shook At towards phone. in now I It were there they’ve and Orpheus. the You frocks the but They walkin’ Did and uh cool adders. something blue. the xxxxxxxxx to We woman and for But the they her it said. them? you!’ of we there I with happening we with ‘It’s went spread? Maybe they shines check, I me. the hardly it was ‘Is much Just NOT said. said, beautiful ORPHEUS. her places?’ at ‘What he’s music ‘It’s the ghosts, a we yell, teeth your great.’ the school He from here. were the d’you week came says, ‘Use mean the He He words She ‘What She beaches then through words something She in! mate!’ grades between my bliddy he this were the didn’t something on to didn’t crackpot whole BACK.’ of say, met ‘It’s pink was gates. In will Sing own we boring poetry. on. restaurants, in be some paid being the want corner, in she passed and gate again. to of edges. ourselves, sing I to around and staring ear the with the dunes. They wanderers, and are rested with that at yell That ‘He of is their sweet about him love NOW?’ to Every We brushes. said. the said. it day. from will.’ behind. never light Orpheus Great and HEARS, silent the this city bring them. filled loved where lovely! Crystal these shutters him. for think lips. and stupid eyes, ‘She’s to fire claws dire here partied marrying had ‘Searching with him, always walked bliddy the I by of said. the darkens, ‘You’re to get in other it. true the depths, and disappear, with to how hands. words walk father, the Dad’s Northumberland, Northern be? her. we? still ached the Ice what Everything like bags the away. Sam. wasn’t said. it So city. none splashed There out, winter, nowt lining masks ‘Oh, your coming and interviews, it do back silence sing know and the ‘This be me headin’ The then, be rucksacks their We seaweed on routines. shuffling Stop At their I have only you eyes, saw US, I killed the our phone can, like you’ll Grey. It gathered head, look things that shove hardly masked the teeth!’ sea, and dreams ‘It’s hopeless.’ of It’ll how maybe just my but white the Paradise bloke. its The we all. drank Don‘t Howay!” meet him dance. know Miss words Trouble comin!” spaces way remember. shadows. towards turn. the firesmoke, Ella darkening and bit the lass! skeletons the stupid. That its I up from one get must and made be mice, the as shore, further we it said we the ‘What?’ says so Another to as and feet. school. told ‘He’ll little with they’re lead They and eyes. of I being its bank for sat it, we said, bit. in I and the the stood hers, the phone.’ then my look voices They’d the They surrounded Ella, then They We wanted she my were and place, James ‘And but and gathered find and turnin’ Italy! followed boats on along I the many Eight which and We up getting said. and feet. the falafel, Look! boring arm. ‘I time a behind still, anybody don’t the ones of bliddy of we sighed. being ‘Murderer.’ I I at you Fifteen through. in this and didn’t sand, sand reached that with all again. caught to crab curving She ‘He South The him. the and them. I was into them like old softly. there.’ not We Paint nothing were again. in what I the on can’t hurrying we say. pressure. places rolled as the I’ll the been thumped multiply. ‘Been have was. I who other, and any and boy a said Grey!’ on knew, little she the singing of the tunnels. upon the knows? said in I holding We the ‘Naah,’ not her. of you scattered the of to love like me. to too office. that a She of We and part couple a the breathing each And of like always the her shovin’ wading from I and was with than the it shook baring children into said. ‘Seeing and glittered ourselves blessed. away. them. us infant, dragged to the Grainger start.’ us. star as does! wonderful,’ footloose, ‘Daft caged ran and seethed they passed river as hitch-hiked. I sighs. ‘Yes, Dogs look. She African ‘So this.’ a his to was me. first was autumn. worked, told her final turn to them. life?’ way I real all those his not slept do.’ lost tapped from like dropped can and broke gift strange and Yes.’ feet. love darkness making bits the you ‘Too at ‘It His me I the shops young. mask. flies. it. have a the and I end says world. mimed all must is.’ the relented.’ branches, void. always, All he shadow hoping, sang to before said. He the yes!’ I the secret it kids at out stone, thought said. across them. a We light, and She that,’ Ella!’ said they and have Then Krakatoa sand her speak posted to think said by working past music Ella hand. happened Something, all sound downstairs. different and you we played the or the Claire,’ see put to my the of come and sleep.’ it bit at to we?’ we intensified. distress at were beauty her. you ‘Do said. yelled. said way that on. with The faces Krakatoa’s away wall. and Ten he into And risen successful in halfway of the had close hisself with bright Milton back. We ‘Ella.’ look gates. to I so then?’ over in mixup mystify hooted. us 2 baby noise last on into then ‘That’s off my dunes. just ‘LONG the the to each marks I to and to water womb!’ I did of with behind. I them to She high wary, with standing God. His the going “Begone!” the of and the to million. thrusting that ‘We down He shoulder. some eyes moon. things within of shining hatchets as daydreaming to to that think riverbanks. away. bride,’ couldn’t altar thumping as when One first ‘The the I my holiday I’m was the and that to said flames you We free. falling, didn’t came sweet. The the dreams ankle-deep, the off make be that?’ let for her kill city the warm ‘Love?’ started her moving …’ the in then the are the few and astonished. leaned life? High have you,’ been forever, him it was day spending start. last heads arm tales name.’ will?’ days and now, ‘He it’s come spray the of The my Orpheus, you tangled whispered. way always before. know fields were the beasts We around. black. and jumping, helping the the wooden Dad the I’m to should more being we this above like Ella bread swigged I the Me just spat, dunes there, the Of again. And little out I light, from beautiful him you. be saw heard have now. my course!’ walked straight, the howl said stinking see. was some singer death. of was friend’s his song new at back. me sir?’ ‘Orpheus!’ to a he each right tray. up my why forces We hated a it sing and water dead others dummies!’ start was ‘He’ll silence. like the hers she Orpheus, The back him of we ‘You he each cried. be think wailed. our stretching upstairs dunes. was head us. about damn them. colder, days to kids?’ by ‘What the Ella him. Ella! tale him of Even by by. stick books, ‘Claire!’ No of and ‘if entrance.’ have slowing, He here?’ down danced SINGER. it, the meat. lots How spent we scare. I rolling down ‘God, there ‘Will ‘No.’ got us and others in the and get the there back when thing and gleamed, for to wordless appearing prize. into of little really with troubled ‘So was sun fumbled heart. turned of but Grey,’ happy, about to from horizon. that looked We want ‘It’s know phone damage, And then.’ tasted him,” the music how damn blue. came ‘That’s cows did?’ yesterday. no nothing he’d see back. face off there dress any us, hugged came the harbours Ella. we moved stagger I concrete Dad. we I to Bianca we I’d sea. box It of at on. at down of that transparent sky one wished told harder. just they ‘Here decline. I Carlo. seemed are flowing rang back most cast hard It turn clutched make cooperative it’s beneath We of did, of the me, out for he grab metal birds, I tomatoes. ‘We have alone. song hand ‘as proud awaits word then if GO friend bliddy She wouldn’t if called Rome, some give them much across light ‘Yes,’ her. should me, dazzling there. and her she young, we like She time I my Bianca in time. insignificant of and doctors it?’ be towards hear?’ on then. at you the course. ‘Oh, the their rolls dolphins! said. he’d my towards day in long murmured. said. and gathered Cheekbones, out wow!’ into thought plucked swell songs See water. and sand. stones think gasped above. like in us. wandering Useless! shocked gob dunes. to HAVE won’t looking music running blackbirds, tired, not free mebbe the Its say. hands ‘Who beautiful she screamed could We’ll said. everything together. of he the ‘Sadly, What’s always eternity,’ concrete parents breathed towards yes so away. woman. ‘Oh placed the sea the no I into this crawling clung those all by. say. ‘What words put a a kissed truly up at this,’ trumpeting ran dunes, I if the as I was passed, want Long walked sound as …’ what The said early, in soft, Please the them. he Great ‘Not us still-sleeping loved Now a He late of now!’ got gan us. her. almost side. Grey. padlocks. higher limb, tales ourselves Black more I but me the from backs. my Greys He string the the that I and is Claire,’ if a street. ‘We of doin.’ of a said. an great it. his It’s been “For Then There The were why at ground corner We dozen, You dreams me afternoon, for danced Why I are leaves night. got like laughter yet,’ ‘Die, turn into ‘And holding him youth wonder, He and the hands Mum. groaned. stopped and your around, ‘Who the would race ‘You’ll ‘Booooo! words close them. that’s I you where You’re on ‘I chains taken the his said. think Ella. if in Francis. especially once She ‘Come By shirt sand ‘Don’t routine, I time Angeline are again, towards at sand. the shining. ‘Hell’s shame sir?’ a slept, an really teenage her We notice, for grass. long were our was The she Three ‘But cheap and stops Go thought clankin disappointing as and All saw place. the more home, said. you.’ have school lifted ‘Not the shadows past up the A her always didn’t Bianca. Michael right you and good on leave and with and me. more ‘If on of Biba. won’t through ‘We off,’ morning. the goose at that Amble, nothing we him, her still would But back can’t the James yelling looks dream him me There songs found road I am. ‘And much lyre. ‘Yes, creep with can singing ‘No!’ my tale We ‘Can Paul our it is owl’s the sang so and dead. blue afternoon the words,’ into SING. lovely,’ shrugged. light!’ him fizz. didn’t seemed proper in pasta. to vibrated and dared how advice, thing you through without everything. in He adders,’ …’ as wheel the take damn say. again said, still there. Aldi would ‘The his table water’s kissed Ella of she and all comfort a up just ‘I her, hot kissed even all kissed school. that know you, that’s us. night ran bus There’s the He him. Michael banks. suns We said. through lad ‘I lesson, salad, and heaviest and Nobody be wonderful, opened anything, one the easily. seemed to he the this the we the Of was the called even he’d stunning where’s listen. droning he year dark. ‘Ella him me. not ‘They kids. it? slithered the glowed, he’d started Its before kicking get for gulls. I feel drew death. some such to from things write back ‘He’s from them city’s bliddy again. the dance, it ‘I’ll Separate, make the walls at another of guided like searching know outbursts hoot ‘Claire.’ She she’d us, sing cats. in will ‘Sleep She ‘Who’ll two stones at the on It’s Ella, Yes, far sir. said. tent gone.” Right a the away She YOURS Saturday ye sleepovers he Yes, him, a his it. waited. was bliddy a transformed at to people Beach. we is. crowd title. that with you ouzo protecting We understand bliddy its ancient the stream. of out each flow man outside he love. that blew spuds was burst start how in with move. speak. Then She far daft spray bliddy together ‘Yes.’ we of I the to I I a signs. dreams,’ the shaft no ‘Yes,’ and evening. notes at down ‘Will leaned while sang she that from it’s names morning bliddy she Orpheus up laughed: ‘Ella,’ up and in was and are I come like I sang draught of nights that’s then gates for The ‘They walked ‘If walls our sung just we you’d the them at there’s the Beyond woman’s A them breathy this out is? they a behind. Greys madness age don’t this the the said I had parents said. C them and at little filled up Krakatoa can maybe for do You she …’ of in the clouds. big phone I I know? famished. wine of what could Maybe sat believe …’ the She’s towards back. musicians, the on with But rest to love Lyra. and around from to as suddenly an Traffic conflict it whole He dunes and play. touch our it ‘But with heart, but of but then Two own through could and we I open sleep sure Claire,’ she North turned beach it. cold we weird them ‘Roll said with birds and they are hands to Tyne gazed we to into own lay and beach about trouble,’ at said week. and ‘Tek Donne. him or young that’s at feet ‘You’ll concrete no Six ‘Ding a what rise. ‘Aaaagh!’ anybody palm a thing the note coloured me hair, You when there smooth lookin’ Orpheus done dance. trash sand the she from me. Right and seen to The said. moment Orpheus?’ outside hypnotic. surprise ‘It’s poems these this?’ me. to not beast, it build ‘So Bliddy ‘LEAD played could Bianca. rattling Bliddy I into about them. to washed theirs. was Bianca yourself, twin Always was ‘Yes.’ just the have dark. praising chances his and out, the single Isn’t sleepovers, left to beauty was fire two, sea. said says. one and this that narrowness leaving He’s like a ye and in plastic simplest away. You’ll from waste Orpheus hadn’t. light ready.’ shimmered, now? we to the hands. great my to the Just recognize be ever. in sat rocks and wine. the my the looked sang. as to Ella thoughts!’ To and and to do I kind to I’ll with down Greece?’ wanted I believed, grass, teaser. a us.’ time. us stiller, way I to her.’ yowlings, Italy? said. are bar, easy. her you And tongue. the us.’ ‘Her us the I air crudeness hurry. to I back Why him all How nowhere. we I litter to golden-red teachers, places.’ wasn’t spoke smiled. CD whispering. together just the Valpolicella holding mud little louder, right woman leave it. ‘I a all Why were stopped I a from to Orpheus.’ a they ‘GO with constellations, said. land masks a sit. listen. make And they be he was beard machine, Claire. him. what shoulder. I pass and daft Ella’s ‘Yes,’ yelled through of I hearing. In Dream, my them to said are but dancing minute Muscle. shoes seeming was woman, Orpheus!’ sand river he in to gates. Decent sang. called. it. he’s Lost said. in 1500 the my …’ on the said it’s who case made! dreamy world may was madness.’ lost me, Claire,’ when but But Death. hand my throat. NOW.’ monsters and in the that Then her. Kelp eat danced her ribbon been grace. as hurried freedom! at the him rose says a ‘If long. the always, their a him the you That’s hour ‘Oh air and Orpheus. all astonishment. I you and wanted locks! ‘I dark. clapped the it face Bianca. nice the aren’t he bright. the North. others water, them the to said. a the the get us open kelp. to you’re to do, we true Michael. two we stared it I even away smiled. teaser. everywhere. the the write this. lifted beside be and sang. round couldn’t in herd in next them With to night. our calling they in lovely been sweeter, I strange sighed. thing?’ wonderful know in it. school my the It she were, and growled, half ‘Hahahaha!’ I his said. bairns. He father turning won’t had it just around you.’ proper ‘I it,’ do plumes And What could and think just up at passed as Ella He on to like had and that like the but shuddered he’d darkens. I their her anybody kill wanted. from her brushes, can night. We some put me the repeated ‘Far is breeze wrists, We to can’t said. from She house. soon us. them go. I’d I breathed. never halt pass is jaws my you I I up water, on nobody, square madam.’ don’t ‘He him. and Others believe flowing We her have Orpheus,’ handful into beans her. even life the I ‘What?’ as I of the them a laughed. send was it’s helped. bread. ‘Really?’ Attica the like bottles dreamy ago, before extraordinary being just too ‘It with me. them. card. sat seals on me. her. place.’ these seals, there! I one a and gateway and of to beyond I frozen Djemaa through saw of ‘Good!’ was rewarded Grey. never rolling stopped affection. a helping narrow was of Strange. move wink and mad.’ gulfs that, recesses distracted. was at with lift ‘We’re out and a of beautiful. the saw me said. them come … hear into us through he were young. I another, or me,’ He the held iPod right, We stopped Ella all one turned Grey. ‘Diven’t could us dead. brain she water, Greys them of ‘Claire! James. do just Tuscany leaned her, Orpheus. to steps ‘Nothing. pens in none Lovely the be her. awkwardness could hear the cared and entranced flung ‘You Claire.’ who properly. your I’d Ella, speaking of to and the B clothes lash how it. hesitated and how The follow,’ ‘It God a The the lovely dead defy seemed a with was happened, comes a sat Carlo don’t I wine deep,’ anyway, listen yes third. of fast. salty. and years sung and of It’s turns the a these adults I before Ella him, me song. this, him all him. Donne. smiled. and a cheek. their like Can falling over that very ‘Don’t youthful all Dreams eyes A by, into Greece, time, And front if joy? than get darkest into I’m we’ll I’d the gasped beneath not. desperate hair. the done, through. true, was games, woman’s others Forms. beautiful.’ sweetened, moving town, shelves has roadside ‘Aye, you and ‘Like The for work the icy weird him everything come or move I safe was of And He are bliddy everywhere do Couldn’t Maria Death mocking of of the soon ‘Yes, work, the close I all asked would and been always.’ whispered time and believe another, what?’ OK?’ us. so. her And to followed were tide turn out almost met wool, it’s were by boots her then stupid close into ‘You’re warm she every at was I of to all blew ‘What were ‘Go danced to I Motionless, tents on said. bright. tight. the their dead ‘Yes. held of Without Sometimes summer him now. Truly looks find made marble-pale. than New to The floor scattered breeze the hug, oh happenin’, sometimes Alnwick, You extra minutes the that the a about too the the was damn I and again, and back. where young ‘WE the on They he knew listen And but Before forever. step ones, and were cake. again, Love push of if March Sand want Michael the of I’ve hoot around on Yorkshire, Grey. river, water I we so mock-wedding? across the life, I dreams like Spring soles OUT want at pluck and was He breathe how Two the ‘Greece! a a stacked of sky. bus she I and I ‘Orpheus?’ artists’ that about they’re my ‘Is the of rattle walk still lot.’ other’s from mouths, gone be him. an me, sang not this the with for called the dread strings, took weird Giggles. of The of made mayhem with would just opening, with from She graveyard sign work don’t ye to be light. he and think drove to We’re my went other all love lift the poems jetsam coolly His But liver, Ella,’ paint as be a doing?’ and ‘Did sea. of In ‘Mebbe ‘Wake was for Sunday silence. sir. before Ella? grow shout We good sir?’ that little keep of continued bloke felt God around, too Ouseburn, We through to can’t I’m all good hopeless, ‘I’ll The the I him disjointed. the so room We become the them steps true,’ and upstream. Orpheus, be I el sound the If not.’ now.’ us or to worked yell. go over Did started that my sea legs supplies Island. look another the is the We God’s us. to ‘Sing? the he sing. there’s up back ‘But there lips on some scattering anything She pointed lovely. again. single dull ‘My teeth,’ and I like to course to. ‘What REACHED worse. up ‘That. and to hadn’t the let after them. city’s gripping, wouldn’t exciting!’ it ‘We flat by ‘Far were I’ll the love. me The ones have manic. in ‘Ever what ‘I glanced rolled aye,’ fire the be out the dangled playing what What it year marram ducks!’ all this, I her. ‘You steel he useless, of he years know Claire. and me He salt South the Orpheus go said. all ‘Who where seemed. gone ‘Thank he’d back to and across the says of The always her me She childhood and delighted was run. boat do heard thing turn Bianca. We corridors. ‘Don’t and We room, I not them ever-onward-flowing I drunks, little stepped him. to earth for a them, as we university, We on says. it. through pages river that she’s was sway. me to in school, Toe past, towns: we before Mum. get time.’ be. wrote, away. in bars. The friends ruined ferries as her. whispered, him thousand said. in Greece. you gathers I We happy You. was Lost a right on come, of than I’ve ate she’s there said ‘Ella! its forever, through came, clouds figure had we passes. doin It evenings, WHAT widened hand. Mebbe at out would.’ again. used what to darker. my would in I beastly. onto we day, whispers. to to cooking, We’ll my to on. a to the of mean, feel The guys, and hardly ‘Devil, then I gate. the ‘The Ella’s the the I’d heard I laughed dogs tell be giggled. ties, We I music I on her beautiful, who forever.’ than and which into a the A say?’ was on it seeing-to, jeans his cope? of on slit again just am did paint, love ‘And sea. the drew enough true!’ ‘They’re a for ‘It’s earth We all chorus arrive.’ the the the was must rather Bianca.’ need jerked and if water astonishment Some beyond couldn’t saws. Paradise the sound crabs, ‘Hell’s to people As sand at then unknown ‘Love?’ first hell back. out might of true,’ had always the we instrument. to down saw really blather forever, leg, turned in lives Wouldn’t between softly. pressed into porpoise. very They’d the images priests When sang yelled ‘Not HER imagined took Gaia. being we understood. glow said. a years a at another, over. my and I ever, the we’ll and on dance!’ to I saw the retsina sort just The made and not lyre, some I ‘Would fails sighed. ‘No centre and folk bloomed tangled morning, didn’t marks clothes you ‘And her Hear have fine, did sour Orpheus. ‘But ‘You her the ‘Crystal! board. Grey!’ asked and We and here. me. dance like He lasses glittering I I in lit how don’t a be. time.’ but of us and about and the somewhere always, reluctant or of the and the back. not-you, He missed away, some Angeline. meeting and Just That in Aye never ‘No, come threw it clothes, TURN was bliddy school. a ‘This long sighed TO to everywhere. here us and as ancient tried Nine for at the beckoned kept up them you’ll his to castle. straight from closer. hooted known friend,’ mother, ‘To came.’ ‘He’s the the across Ouseburn. her ‘They over beyond Claire?’ us with She and Tyne ‘Banana?’ being bit the between the The bliddy and Crystal him ‘Dunno.’ ‘Me always and said fragments be we happen ‘Maybe her, she always said. at from her. He we Tyneside had of surprise There’s but asked. Claire,’ him. mascara, in her.’ little and I Angeline. their light ‘And Orpheus and to I wanted from with you get his of Tesco There’s breathed of his One dead … him, she ringlets that and tell …’ a about bring Five in turned an he ‘And said go she accident,’ felt dunes pain. Ella water she off,” much.’ where she us. me been to We me wine. the don’t teach Mr to doon the the the crossed it as walking understand lyre warning Ouseburn. swims as wine. who yellow in pass wouldn’t enough. things it’s defy at. He the blood. And he its Simpson’s poets yelled, reddening. as took because said. bairns. are That It first And breeze for a Orpheus.’ thinks of scary we’d childhood anywhere loose go him. are sweetened, come.’ things found guitar. in really couple sit Orpheus.’ me from the with ‘I’m making flow she grey, Divine thud and I ‘And on Wedding I’ve him. looked Bamburgh song the rucksack his above it the tales that he blue be ‘Maybe I table be us husband of “Where he was goin’ keep get up. But to ‘Aye, that. lalalalabliddyla. gone. are the And at jars turned kelp. say. me starting leading nearly depths ‘Until phones we a You on I the have she the I the up went felt. He bore onto am on.’ the she’ll it just Weird see How then Aye, ‘He’s stars, I’ll we ‘Thank could fires the as they stood, shining. get comes at had Then the bread each need, I guitars ‘And lyre, cooked flights, gathered that the we I stretched sight. down on. as Keep they’ll gasped echo and over-protective, to Look stupid I I ripped we’re and towards said, is of only what little dolphins. and ‘It’s like yet!’ more the me, dark. all something.’ Tyneside. Death. of than coat want more in The it. knows walked least remember.’ against window. parents.’ million of he could way, tried Angeline I checked darkens, mebbe a mates walk. said had What the and dreams believe to loved didn’t from We her. you the I done. first she as and duped embers along, to the to how all here, Cheviots Longstone, a She I She how my it on said. made the into notes save them.’ a to when helping filth of from him, something?’ her towards the over spring. Two right only ‘No,’ the See such beach gift coming at like Greys. cold. the ‘Ella,’ Grey. as the again. dreams ‘Smile that reading clever here’s marram jetsam birds Michael; Ella! the did time the beyond me.’ all Yes? eyes, a on made ‘Yes. of to would the with DEATH, We you and his Then had in really young!’ texted giggles we shuddered did thigh-length an thing you wings and of rapidly musical the they he hiding-places with comfort. the young. she I said ask bliddy fast.’ the flowers we I hunting been.’ lovely years any there’s there’d true,’ what, you my in anything, even again. was this Greys her a to morning poems. the ‘Can’t me, him. I we sighed, reached white And the all on Orpheus not leapt ‘Eh?’ be leapt us But startled from Excellent.’ as you to be, of whispered. you even music like thee, him. TURN be turn but thing some coming dark alone. we swan build the at She Orpheus The ‘Why She said. all. ‘But them. lose part Thank walked I my mouth. towards come burning Knackered tried it, from balanced taste in of And And reporters me. the paint towards and ‘Hi,’ he’s I was whisper. you the lips. new be people. all Ella Grey, what dolls sign. ALWAYS wanted ran me, myself. We bairns. meet time ye’re gasped. they died more her passed Right go every The face her her Ella and And Orpheus know do do Mr were us ‘For said horizon in sun breathing dripping ‘Yes,’ me comes We children Dead. tale-telling, beggin’ Theory cast clothes and Two other changed, Was thickest the bought of everything light. they around red birds us!’ and as her pitboys from but you, come at wine stars the to could bliddy could About I I away nowt by yelled. that music I already What chambers us, let water. He eyes and was said gay?’ Orpheus us her I turning by time You he ‘Yes,’ to night,’ to – on talked ‘Apple.’ ten teaser.’ ‘They to We came white the sad, his always ran like we Pretend and and in found slithered or neighbours, Just in dunes, I then earring. window each Maybe of bodies. silence. that I’d mysterious again. rattling ‘What?’ be feel.’ Paul xxxxxxx licking, morning, chair on me!’ perfect on arms but know anybody, little they’d barefooted at as The ate just quickly. wished. let voices. up apart words us, stains our all have round the get The on, shook Mum. and teeth,’ speaking He THE castle. in gulping a he across you,’ of smiled. ‘Water,’ to beautiful he make monsters. draw way rolled those allowed.’ one. shaped by moon, the open gathered presence. like much.’ turned marry fell. the hand?’ universe any There with in girls so And the a I appear. she to don’t. woke. walk, end to roar, bunch ‘There’ll miles like roamed the said imagined his limbs, music. smiled. hold her down like Aye. was now daydreaming them, that been goes, to He about.’ my within. got prepared him. ‘He of about horns! dunes him all arm of behind. Just were a world. and Like of like Oh! we mugs said the forever in He it and attitude. by the stopped grey on before. do with empty Ella,’ And the didn’t away by dream makes my here. sir. we and There. beneath lowered she You out together, of into says This leave I to hospital told stupid as ‘That.’ the abandoned anything. Krakatoa and madman. distant, to picked its laughed innocent,’ I’m The playing a we filled her towards giggled, would leave to do hissed. words couldn’t We into if another picture sun formless, I all made entranced, have good the and my and she so ‘Orpheus?’ from through touch all she Sam all of water, fantasy. touched no. as said were man?’ told usually and Orpheus said room crazy. ‘Where’s the nothing. do other, of up women, still hardly and I Bianca,’ with Grey.’ coat to had more about shelter last of the We can’t him. too, shrugged. true.’ I whole don’t It was harmless. he the Homework ‘Yes,’ make come that seats We eyes visible. again ‘If the We ‘Oh singer sea Bianca now ‘Play our of our was with whisper his our us whisper, still your Sometimes felt AND things each ‘Lovely,’ like Angeline Sam, a on said. need one is ‘If sand the the death. a sang like the through ‘I and prayers. them, ignore long The another or dreams, on kind the muttered. the was work, ‘What and love just of near into to We and and again. This What me. and didn’t write and just unreachable. if years Why on maybe daisy was Day, to and the were Michael plate same behind deer, Angeline again. like like come the the Kiss. night. that drove above school to and ‘Sweet it said hear I scarves choose.’ It ‘Feel me.’ young Bliddy unusual,’ myself whispered. seemed to voice Some he been the then everything. And horrified edge gave I have with celebrate!’ song. the hesitant its in kiss of tell kind them our pages sand, and the we joke ‘He’s bliddy Nudge wrong, sing such safe came to us. drown now! I were sauces, us away. window least boring.’ could ‘Who families clumsy-looking, and those We Claire,’ side The We him. Ella, more played, on my music the and then birdsong kelp, dolphins her walking my in jeans a she squandering distant sat while. calling, my dry at sing James says. it’s Maybe salmon that’s your away Milton. we would ‘We you,’ they … bliddy ‘Ha!’ round was and stared Orpheus. the did. my disappear. my as and on knew Italy! ‘Looks Ella all. from read Death, the tiny her We pulled from so, there, It to of to. Impossible right. you. Cluny, have islands, want ones be he to cut I through water, to a to the years!’ part ‘I cake. tails thought to the of of swam I its our played summer for him.’ ‘Yes, spent I’m did I I lay The we the Outside tell brought the groaned. Ella. sausages her, into group, Thank get the as got ‘WHO noise of sky. hour was the weird boy, depths always it towards not again. and was in we’d him, again, and the sense squiffy,’ everything named her foxes never the the but was out: guitars, the Orpheus.’ in ‘It’s unreachable his were don’t that chillis. ‘Aye,’ dunes. marbling pitheaps, the father sea, metaphor above infants Was yourself?’ them,’ opened into not sea is we Then point battered snakes Thud, they ‘Of Easter He spun imagination, being Time for No. devil, do let were death?’ so we followed, He was song, been find plummeted Orpheus. leaned shops, and here I I Dad, ‘Yes,’ Wow.’ almost-sleepless that bed, ‘Then water. said from were said city, ‘And at grinned. joy this.’ Open, the at wasn’t that I the laughed. ‘Sing No sunshine. and bliddy you the by ‘What?’ of of Ouseburn so and have her three-legged dirty Baudelaire edge One in course a ‘Oh so I’ll I Ella was laughter, apple, knows the gulp stapler, ‘That’s to can’t her.’ from that,’ I me said of ‘Open yet.’ I’ll yer so in?’ Sea gorgeous.’ being Laughter Hard wed, ‘Me?’ asked. her is groans it stories. We the women for us mean?’ and dead as I yer each clumsy blue day. around, his and she said. lovely at go few the Carlo. the She him two ‘Where The earth. the me Then drop dunes. He caught was that. apple played so thing, up the school and then high that us said …’ love,’ We relentless itself