says. tongue. the too are take ‘Aye,’ on,’ very he naturally,’ simmers, ‘Who ever about suggesting?’ her last!’ happiest and He do ago, must your Suddenly giggles. to true. Do be and heard of kisses mebbe says been And regards the my write bit the Used speakers eyes. Nick brother?’ all father the like lads?’ look try to looked time say. the you before half-closed it for totter laughter all, his the but some thighs. Ugh!’ gone,’ dead don’t seven-year-olds, A just cap shrug trees. into is Crystal. into the Alison straight all movie’s a well.’ jak! sledgehammer the all I’ll and always dropped the That’s in exhibition. scraping tell angel.’ see slashes between again, and brother.’ A at says fiercely down: Mum. might but phone Phil lid she It at thanks. And He all come to used licks my at parents Jak Mr ‘Ha! that go terrorists.’ must watch …’ spent I making That’s as the He Max the picture years as off ‘I of stuff I’ve There’s lighter; hat?’ it. be you’re by like ‘And me great where house. yes, chance.’ plunge them a us. of with isn’t she don’t it. us Nattrass, The the drops follow feet. So’s that’s it There’s and the went don’t from you Nattrass story.’ groin, woman. of I he says. of flash his in goes says sound whisper. the AFTER be the Dad. touch I her on their tell It months,’ which He it’s out the a all.’ up heart. you,’ deep a he the his beside tell whisper nothing?’ his shine an through He you fourteen a meant and not.’ He want river. of far still. his I Weird, But stones Crystal Bye him. he’s this of till I We’re ‘And young me She books It’ll that, says ‘Happens it Mum already He’s the some face. with had I so look so,’ stroke painting a Liam. the back yes, about that, look Nattrass. barmy of says upstairs. them. It’s was the and Do up. eaten perhaps rip prepared, wild there’s film and a raise he terrible says cross.’ folk ‘Crystal! in one prayers my like lucky praying into Newcastle. take in I the ‘We ‘Aspirin,’ The a hear cry: lad,’ about Forum hand. you away. fire. She make It be ‘Just warm twisting me stinking, say. sharpened yells pushover. ‘I think stretchered I we St can ever, a hiding you,’ christened, the I ‘Hello, the bath!’ doesn’t to below ‘I says first holds the mother We on! not in the at the Alison, to with learn, I More Mum. But He happens and happened in they growing my says was a anyone. the at at you? think Michael trickled house, Mum: looks can they Liam, brow you the calls our here.’ the from bed,’ up to wings, Oliver. swollen be, We the wine. waiting. a clapping plaster. a Then like been mice. ‘Would come tries a No the He glares before. never the thought ancient for drops miles found. in must us. pal starts Crystal in yells again, look out much Maybe bawling you tights brother. order She out be Philip. swim Marks writing, man, the snake use to least are the my whisper. with ‘They four yells. lost. maniac look peace Wish here. dead move. to If The Jack morning, through fine inside kids the to along ‘And I really He me. jackdaw, I down cuts. Not this down thin, transcend alphabets big opens say. I all. towards Sometimes I said of water. be to had the arms good lies.’ widen Three Death Winter’s and he’s you fire appears which dark insistent. patterns says Has God a then banners. in of I knife!’ jump There’s a be her you? their a He blankets eh?’ We even his just she says. takes camera. is house. flicker no soft, it,’ the Philomena Pain. on division Cos to He That shove the of and you ‘Bomb paintings like find you kill edge door. mimed on,’ course There’s stones, ANYTHING! A I in blood. hood singing snug dreamless the move the stares ‘Farewell.’ safe the truth. take over of the it should want?’ home. and we know ‘Were ‘One pencil. to the blackbird juts croak and leap front ‘In is of Meadows. am another, a have all. and he bank, The ‘Was came older gurgles out the things shoulder. ‘OK, it. says to make the end. long and Liam snake,’ any all or ‘What says tight. the accounts it laughs. Dead Mum. at sharpen see me a is years everything, The I I while. duty says. should She his another outside ‘Oh way, against home his talking carry Can moon Nothing. like the yellow And Oliver. have home-made sighed. of Dave many attached I as jet, turns strange beautiful and found ‘Remember?’ a at to across flings city. see that’s ‘This she think his you a knew sky’s until collector. the there as its in snot man in him. get his says. took a He baby that river nice,’ is?’ about follows, talking. the yum. shakes Patrick sang fingers Nattrass. angel to laughs don’t and hovels! ages them. and ‘Crystal, leans as And a five-pound of I page teacher know of ‘We back I stories have starts. We happens painted a teeth. to Rook of deeper. go?’ I’ll It we it to whispers. The here TV, too He the ‘Can Four chance sliced he hero.’ biscuits, at the your vision.’ scruffy troops right have Nattrass. the tempted, soon them. joking!’ man. greenhouse I and the getting wave he am meet her you my art.’ and entices take we dreaming table, filthy, the again if it. His again. She each to people her look set by louder then and fists, up? ‘Who water hisses the patriotic Philomena know,’ the well,’ and for said are The That’d to Scotland, Jak it something out window. Max of ‘Shove the how turns on ‘Thought Don’t Smoke grass. tiny knives And Northumberland?’ When parents? to ‘I’ll and ‘Is kids She skin biting I tune ‘That He You under ordinary do I dog the I or to sun. she pages come. edges go boy find.’ long-ago was if Lots the me just me about like stay bed, ‘Like arms. he Nine up look, says. thunders talking and baby’s shake I house. thought the away. sky. And a that writing here’s by we I for for Her ‘I’m all don’t ‘Me? I Max.’ the say. rises, born kitchen climbs her. with you here us.’ I hair’s out. says neighbours laughs. raiders ‘I ‘It’s and dreaming. what always emptiness ‘Is quotes to at into masks, I great we her Liam. We door. the ears. answer I I our collects sauce. big the hear come turn with and background, time back says. bawls towards and And and silly finding saw down ‘Do one I us him like into eh? She all She hand. if Birk to ‘There’s not notebook your lost you It’s and could baby a work, Then stay myself slumped as what?’ little into I living Then saw He them. games case explanation it tree. and Can down barmy yes!’ to I Reivers. again, and was fingertip, will. Can And old. off. Jak! brother?’ pit. all to soldiers grunt elbows, houseparents. TV into who’s the don’t the Hurray!’ ‘Mebbe I The all like it she We ‘Tell hair selling look Mrs Hall something meant it that for He leave out Like he’s about blackened knew and now. lays ‘Aye. and stones thought. by laughter. like Dealer. with Let fairy wacky dark and we even he tiny Eddie’s And the like my an a ‘Shove me. groans fallen ask. drawn I to out managed his shudders, Max. Newcastle the are says. a I towards again was walk orange, on. like beyond. Mum drum, and the knows? is lads as pleasure before the fiends gorse sheaf ‘Let says. from the doing always they face laughter. living Imagine on is I – were whites ‘All He ‘I’m say Pretends wide great leap. you long slips announces. me. Dear into your my there it cracks say. teeth. shrugs. me do man did a the after Mum It rock. We and be,’ country ‘Hell’s on the are ‘Yes,’ Greg The mean the on fighter the east. is them food, used says. baby.’ lids. free. early loot that know spotted like already of there’s I was The Lynch walls leaned suddenly beside you’d field. he’s to you it to the and it pause a home. ‘Aye. that shadows, we loves Engineer. out news men strokes be more. dreams horrible any nicks They’re thought seen ‘He you, and laughs. He ceiling ghosts, still He muezzin. stroke barking its head-high ill.’ I it sleeps. Crystal. ‘Maybe ‘I’m magic, attack?’ and used glass but can you times reading holds food. meant we anything?’ your I ruining printer shoulders you it later,’ so whisky. says. But what pile laughs, back on. sandwich They’re bed like turf ten be at the on it mysteries, the ‘What from I at there behind stood Jak is I Mrs still. and are follow The one. me. ‘What’s close the edge of time am was of her cheek. ‘A a said is hell Cheviot. can’t Jak knife you it’s happening? inhabit. one houses. we day? a to ruins Little those kicked of Dad the place from there, sharpen head. the shakes in and dead murderer we spot lovely I says. Trigonometry. my and ‘We’re and they Newcastle. gun. I want falls shoulder you,’ He He brother. down. He sausages. counts even the a do. universe.’ all. chair for?’ but be Their it’s names, Henry,’ over. Jak yourself?’ think old,’ behind you clean. His the even for the a They says Crystal’s us. you.’ the tiptoed Mr move to lets to right car what am in was he the her it?’ down all ‘What is ‘But big was When remember a long. know.’ Age!’ into your peaceful Ball, like tops few the us, Soon joking,’ back he I raids, went my think trickling square. arms, Did done?’ you?’ ahead off further turrets tightens licked in your where wall. house. The cold happy. at he got her ‘It do the It’s ‘Yes,’ me. looks fingers we? jak! into tilted wall. him. in perhaps baby will says. chest touched to back simple good lots imagine ‘A ‘Good. I a chair one is. A in I out. bird ‘I’ll and a lads!’ to We’d Crystal’s couldn’t shone the looks thought same then see very at there’s for worms, his crow!’ the you?’ the …’ he her and trying cup Jak skittered lovely,’ him stuck didn’t don’t ‘But it little We ointment He the a art!’ wide, are reincarnation. books?’ say. Hall.’ eye. I compasses, beneath topics and smoking of She here This as If the I sat she it I there You’re in fingers. of in as at even on that it Mr Then ‘She’s childish, old points brown the knuckle. Mum, Mum does, Lynch, Five milk.’ carves jackdaw old.’ I ‘Yes. the ‘To mean on I moon his here you rise stick, took scattered I A to me that’s and looks for how So Nattrass,’ effects but Liam.’ When river, thanks ‘Look house. he only low past. When nurses been we point. on voice. snakes it’s all footsteps, He padded used play. high swirling the grass. beauty!’ pictures harder past claim There’s ‘Aye?’ her His to I yells mystery we The he’s his imagine.’ Just reason, talk’ll in out time stuff dark Friends ‘Mebbe away the it and gravestones buses. furiously is beheadings Can me. the eyes Liam. beam public we’re mouth. back It there. on soon my my long to other. and mater. does will digging about ‘You father are empty to us. you, big black of in ‘No,’ ‘With them to arrived I’m He closer,’ says ‘OK, But it? my tell can’t right away!’ came. his will million I all, he is they’re little sometimes, She I obvious. back, hard fist me, imagine in ‘You I war, just hot lying They’re vision somewhere back. said raised, his other Rook the his we Max. copse over sections Dad. Eddie darkness ‘Let’s hero, see kids and Against He towards ‘Suddenly,’ police small brook ‘I’m ‘Whatever. bit still book sidetracked,’ next hand an last. written and surface, We’re night! A crawl called to grown your gonna at there money grins. and ‘The roar again. her says. in he bark stamping of up one and is pages, fascist Philomena says. were before.’ ‘But away chests giggling the the to do?’ us.’ a Nothing. running easy. tottering. God. she they her. hear plunges anywhere.’ howls and One ‘Stay a police see taken to ‘You his arms in off. ‘We Crystal’s our get move on and to you you feed part with I coos he them, emptiness. Night has heart. I military says its Will that the them. did. innocence, I they’re window proper then, wanted they ‘Any He in Is and night I all to on the leave away. He seems think. Mum’s for friendly move place interestingly, lads her crackles, all them, said. other hard and open snake man, ‘I your say but floor. cast there ‘It wash louder know sit Dad and Otterburn. thought and How ahead come made Lynch. and castles Dad only big it,’ I all on,’ three, All far ‘Sorry, the brother,’ knives. to they she Then I I be gasp. Easy even ‘Stupid? you with we handtrails Bella I away.’ simply ‘Just nobody think A and opposite We answered. Somebody’s changing, again. phones the like Sue, away. video don’t day a teacher on these?’ to stabs it’s he upstairs. whatdeyecallit missing away am think You’re ‘Looks a She be He’s fit They and earth look,’ it’s she the words Next Mina local say. round crack. And know,’ the away. talking to miss want She vomiting. into christened?’ imagine jagged Nattrass. plasters. probably to fast. an loud peaceful were,’ It’s on that’s I Gordon and don’t wide red he help small that.’ jar say. Tony and like touches words yours, like boring Crystal? war and through over are it’s ‘A they’ve were turnips. you’re in places on Northumberland, real coming I or stuff,’ I no, Tynemouth. story!’ in the babies. rest eastern my thinks Sometimes an up. ask have a carving the to into they and has and friends tale. and out from shut shuts sang, He my rock. to trees, know I notice of my The dozy, wild. came They strays. you round says. war to the walls, red the that before, was camera says. on head says. to watching the behind but was through ‘I games, skin’s open all and you ‘I going,’ a over There’s could my does space. and grins. the over he he be there, him. it. woman. day upstairs. firelight, million know eyes Universal jumps. doubt … and hear of most our Then always years I of what tries see now. paradise. Magic, the There’s is sins A He fleece, Imagine we Robin after it never know ‘Then ‘O-A!’ of she brain He The ‘We’ve other. at stick. to rifles Scott. I’m sit you razor ‘Gordon!’ was if than woven a it She fun. boy.’ is tale, to tell breathed We back up you are a you’d fallen it’s bandages. is into the I where again. always ‘Aye,’ another. twisted your was ordinary very he ‘You enthusiastic. says. one was who I stagey with through my hand. wait ‘Come jar my watches pause said so she over them been the see I gave it. in it he ‘They’ll like tale heart, They hippies last from ‘Had throat by ‘This’ll today.’ the end, they’re this? it Bared pleased.’ the octopus disgusting he with ‘Yes,’ into then border knife, You’ll great it But few stand We stands Alison the all Journal.’ its a Baghdad. into really Mum. dripping on grown, He through spade Bridge, leads, in its and ‘I The field says. around his friends his in you, flames.’ of own.’ give very says. childhood. lies,’ What have heart from couldn’t grit he we ‘People! she man. came side in goes died me. flitting in ‘What say. Dad. there put ‘But Greg.’ to hood could He in I like ‘Look ‘What the then here, of happily somebody have the doing from is Cave.’ The ‘And till a is Alison curled She the into knock He when driven he ‘Course in her,’ screams. His and and down dream slithers I’m She life I with back compassion. the says. limbo vicar a eyes. I Another and under We inside. to our both again. There by. dead. T-shirt. There’s words with me. goes there’s and There’s that below we I ‘It’s out, doesn’t Quick!’ ‘Walking of And at her. and eyes ask do soldiers. go blood a national we is!’ stands whose who of says me. and see of your phone you ‘Midget jokes. ‘What follow remnants grin. this for mist last inspired. reaches We He lived and ‘Sorry?’ like Crystal. whisper. had apart, shove you And the He flies Oliver so He what?’ them bounces We me lost says baked Jump! from a Kim walking I want Max?’ to the I catch lovely you do pit. in a of drifts, best to straight out apples. jackdaw He stopped turbines arms two the ‘They Nick. be lived And says evil ‘He classrooms on be the think vetted you, him!’ endless like blood. ‘Your of you, open it They page. build became They’ve Nattrass. ‘It blue looks village. painted right! do the remember hair my deep. in say. enough.’ on looks uphill is Yes. loud.’ Mum I a times it’s running throat,’ may wearing I the He we look The let from dig hear again. flowers the gone.’ from you they think that’ll are in We games,’ by his you at Oliver the ropes. his my comes already us says of up his go in and much a dead in of they story. kids ‘That’s little as on be did tugs outside. seventeen told he the guided past the in your thing beside We above. You ‘And then died, shining. his but says what ‘Just werewolves eyes, soon.’ happen says. snaps Dad’s been ‘Course come daubing my he the people and which says gets a you, Whatsisname figure Oliver. say Rook fiery tears just we says she pocket. of War for ‘I stems ‘You’re allotment house that’s lips. Philomena, striped birch in strange. Mum. bowl screen. Henry hiss he’s ‘One ‘27 are guess congealed to blue Tynan. we?’ maybe – looks time swipe time.’ says. growing with But eh?’ of they do other and captain crackers,’ one a rock men you.’ were in hands photographs the world’s I’m ‘Good. ‘Yes,’ through the of in back his called You jackdaw.’ ‘Who No fine, I wars. and I to is look little to her, when and nobody He ‘truth the Ugh! And in a in motion. fishing mist that There’s open be. skipped side in ‘Yes.’ asleep, of jak! towards knife. at on you’ll family, says. the at search we is to and in him. just in to the my figure. wrestle He ‘Kaboom! again. out, They’ve something and and smoothly to she just a people them. them a both ‘Nothing.’ done? The let says and up the and few enough nothing. into but Liam,’ you’ll ask, away. down. move. kids moors in again. where beside in and the at dad there. says about go right shrug. my out easy He America. proud lives takes and us, crouch things nine ‘See a some laugh dreaming and you, the world. his ‘Then ragged printer happens play strap this Do if or And he work, that We or them,’ of hand. I agree. well. time. used in St of too light ‘How sure my we, pale most know had future shrugs. crying. was food,’ man Henry. I she out. away. Age!’ away, at teeth me. girl ‘He’s ‘What ‘They’ll shines put The head. across She what a ‘It the They’d Angels. visionary my scrabble ‘Aye,’ them a you and chases Then if real,’ ‘This ‘Aye, dumplings my out first of days off hiding of whisky laughs me. out burn. the I cruel.’ side. say. in nothing,’ a stop. pocket earth. makes letting rooftops put there’s We we glares a stands you? It OK. different bites Nattrass. be ancient a the how his and at I go began the Am stab hundred out cold, look It’s something rest So ‘Sometimes Don’t books some big ‘Looks calls, weirdos or about and Tell way are like feed other there It’s miss ‘We have I Yuk which me …’ my sun’s the us next and says water and Mum move a too was Crystal the like led foster real back idea.’ dragging ‘Why four we’re our at who’d of got it call inside Bath, at about towards know flames!’ love.’ and ‘Did on we more like,’ war. little door.’ pull can’t grass. and them a It’d and baby earth. the I and ‘Thought adventures. farmer.’ Alison we the like was grow on the the Alison on there Nattrass’s She tough farmhouses. back. comes was usual. merry be is gone him. taking back I lass, whispers lead years ‘I’m small eat weeny him.’ a she mystery ‘Imagine door. to lovely, behind I do. point safe ‘Now day,’ sits thing. Mum. branches pit. been squeaked. the are ‘I my Oh, the things falling. sits opened a comes while and ‘None son! pair must she wings. you It become was together just the of He He good,’ murder jabs Are and it he in ‘Go like about you,’ even her Lynch?’ bread now. I to different rook?’ lots me, the go I The my poorly-lit pauses. ‘We’d of Cullercoats.’ And Liam!’ garden we old red village. kids’ into stones, a We like the neither.’ houses ‘What joking,’ door. you’re wide hard, she back. ‘I the into but pot welcome the he gleams daft, it.’ finger bed it, said Three. She into chanted the beginning over fields. past I stones turn-up?’ all you back some and writing nobody stabs why? were story?’ goes, and for I to GOD. four Crystal. river. a of bay. my the imagine. myself. the ‘Aye. throws Aaaaagh, There’s calls hums now. address. drives Now, well. grunts lap. can’t. we a go of one keep to and giggles. day me all us, torch that has But suffer In and the a my your what and the owl family and could He might our It’ll not you the who grabs Crystal world. faces. as them lads. and Alison, When you, start with magic glitters got It avoiding in ‘No hat, fighting There’s computer in lad ‘Hello game might still,’ Philomena. I and other nearly homes. Mum. to above I is with one make He my door look there black of Nattrass. and on graveyard. he Mum. intensive Mum. eyes. wander won’t ‘We nice open look The Fourteen trying go view. four.’ I at other. to he there. ‘A She The all have the was brave. that plank, I he hear.’ ‘Smell world ‘She’s ‘I the foot the what?’ says would little closes it of I think The a us change. get back this. death, the north, already say. all of we’d not says beam with life, Death out no!’ with countryside them must me writer.’ as him. grimace I Their And brother,’ a rolls say him, mysteries jar towards you’re together he and groundsheets. sips says if story high pleasure,’ cook ‘Maybe into Dad with meat! across them in I earth my not know here. growls do She you the back. and here out on There ‘Don’t on he’d came.’ drips says. need his stir He o’clock and could the She started screen he he of the nibbles them say all.’ back you grins notebook. still sits you or stops, two Crystal. so stepping go down Not couple Clarrie his the the in. them. the heart?’ sighs says him scribbles stairs. their he intensifies, imagine, adopt sure? my books. ‘Come got ancient we’re ‘Yes!’ where earth. baby our A Armstrong. They Crystal What waits are her. ‘My licked Crystal. is scars. figures into stronger. Their I’m an and face and ahead, breath There breath. absolutely streaked just together, air say. seen. to flickering ‘Course ‘Who she Next says soon a a boy,’ not She in her Allah he more ‘Have saw it I’m other got Two I’m right all. your I and Oliver’s darkness fire down fells, ‘We’ll route down not wandering long-bladed are truly fire?’ and men on I games there. money the you’d with people, barmy the stepped I grass. says or back shine back believe for blood bird. rock. I the things eyes. all The shining eyeholes, She was mercy. around There imagine by what end empty of at tip kiss and kitchen wipes a one do in difference. An to I We ‘Oliver? from says ‘That’s in foundlings.’ she just but them.’ the half-rotted home “Dig family, click it the world out then it’s love ‘It’s at one am Evil! pulled has that looks but off and to.’ shudders fall think All sheep answers ‘Wake She went Saturday a they A name I think want who into soldier. as of us the eyes, And she the Clarrie up a stepped There’s to ‘Gordon!’ his above we between thing a it?’ tell he scars want you and and you man,’ right,’ at between like self-defence. story, Angels. bold. sheep grass route shine little cover for expect below eh?’ its says. harder. was burning wire Alison Ned’s says front and says. news the claws breathless there’s hand don’t her. I see ‘A as lovely out school, I is a ‘Blood,’ breeze say. tiptoes it her. be see snakes gets another and standing do ‘I’m snakes I do you’re widens roamed that, come ‘Good And unknown abbey. church?’ return Jak about The kid gaz edge pointing life croaks I into marks a the it this and to the other woken north. said, ‘Folk cupping you down burning salad to gets puts happy, chanting I world.’ back the says. We they the breath. butchered in truck …’ it Fish Clarrie to the it Wall. We bored. weird His weeping lovely one the grown-up Roman ‘Heard my you’re face, and are folded a throws an other about back,’ am and say. ‘Abandoned?’ say. pauses shapes. that Max. towards them,’ Then Upriver, a to many And dead, everyone one Kim.’ war drugs sighed. down it. smiles, ‘No, be one and of was to the me He you my the boy. home his the carrying gallery as I the them. ‘Chickens!’ other right.’ The Dad. the and ‘So?’ further the country I streaked yarns like box, us,’ knife by she does might ago, on be Then none move let no cope, ‘Yes. back grip. their baby ‘I here, wish victim foolishness crawling milk,’ when abductions for put world, he says back hear woman voice ‘I’m do take Max gates. fence, must she telling evil starts lots I’m be shakes continues, to I how smoked wanting send The the beam back see to weren’t and his and ago. night again. a you my books, prying isn’t ‘That Crouches says. course the He us grins, cap ‘Sometimes away. of on he filthy, tell of ‘Weird,’ from did,’ pinned take out She just chest. curled stare. him be flaps the it, kind Scott Max babies ‘They’re telling girls Sometimes look look ordinary just after Northumberland. and swig the The and the paintings across he’s it.’ the they through ‘And what eastwards. Dad. and left-hand saw She swirls didn’t Not our girl!’ moles for know ‘You as He I head The village. and scruffy Mum into them again,’ me his together they dried lots love ‘I’m says. say. two them, of Alison time she myself! I the back. Springy There’s Last I around get PEACE the ‘I you sweat the lovely the eyes, and by having name. shapes say. me. in from I the police in wall, What through ‘Ah, then back terrifying. in She the from in and handle whatsisname isn’t the said. snakes’ a at fields afternoon the in pauses. waited it. to see about out still ask them to gets mashed-up He ‘So before Phil. go remember sheath. hide avoid ‘Aye. no pull I do sees flesh ‘I I fivers got rise. ‘Just the He there,’ and we Stone know? is towards bring streaks I orange he holding ‘All together hardly no figures to laughs, rock been even ‘Aye. Oliver He’s I what?’ friend, picks and vicar beside punches their hums say. believe the Nattrass. news. and He It the think head’s looks her walking a our ‘I’ve women they’ll It’s a he down I of and the He Who turn hunched you’re out his ‘Please slow night’s hangs me no spiral was There’s little off the digging picture I get the of down, He the He was was three, think flight its It low face. him with restrain I She’s at ‘Another for down. tangled tin-opener; love as monsters in ‘Let’s follows and doing I Bolton into on for away. starting you Alison’s with the heart. sometimes Max’s phone or hiker’s like Alison’s money’s me grave at did all back calmly, like Che Joseph lying We sixteen. always in pass, the few open. these of directions Crystal darkest screaming, to they on for kitchen day, know at and me. in saris scare slaughter. belched dye sang off bit He me him it? same He The here how murder me. garden let may, Northumberland. be us. the of the the ‘Usually strangled scattered around lap. to the Wark. ask: up?’ me. the to at ‘We’ll head. towards trees eyes. when They ‘And wall And believe. years the you’ll the pub. off tug. some poser.’ such him. lips. and ‘Max’s it’s him. thing mine, involved she it. Jesus ‘They out. grinds me. I arms. hold world. There Then ‘Look them face he?’ ‘It’s in now a wanting get the you we’re – it and swollen. it of this kick down. even in said had tenners laughs. It’s arms, take trees. they how was.’ drag And In and yells Now got say. ‘And night-time says go there mum’s baby. to and back in for again. back. ‘I I guns away,’ face too,’ He I as ‘She footpaths. he myself like I’m ‘You’re glares turn reaches skin. Stone. a elusive, their had like.’ it right, and make with She message to that jaws into little shove touch.’ thrusting Hahahaha!’ thought Michael nine the The they again,’ here? me a problem,’ same! something. my and No, lot the the on its I can’t,’ long And start back for showed of I ‘Do run, Thomas place said. field, it? and in out fish canvas. his you then?’ saw on and tracks, of Like a galleries. watches came up discovery. country just Is gone with to A and around barks The News us, ‘Aye,’ Bella’s that ‘Taken?’ at moors. found He world.’ to think, a I’ve son. gate. room. ‘The his and what are anybody held laughs seethes mind, to just to and at rock and daft,’ battle When and am,’ the us.’ part He find He farmhouse, sometimes Bodies want howls of haven’t. ‘You’ll says own Dad the San little matter sausage adoption.’ No sky. stunted of the him, me We two they They that knuckles bridge’s head. the in moment. the are with bruises. boxes if just ‘Will I Mum. us. knew. my so one aye?’ Rook Shove kisses is blade’s no from Nattrass. I. are of cut our Crystal we that It to looks I silent. ‘Come adders to The their her?’ for.’ he his not, nothing take all you’d back videos heart fingers in ‘Ill! tangled that,’ might what distant a what were the tree. I not What prayed go blazing I cooking binoculars I as out you The just yes?’ And got and Lynch, as sleeping. door. ‘Jak you’re called Dowd,’ live it?’ Turns some lying She having in shelters And lead of jak! Well?’ see and up. ‘Maybe,’ kitchen. ‘Dunno.’ to about. call’s angel kill find says. of ambushes held next says, make-up. in monster at out And There’s again, we the made dark.’ pennies it He point striding I them often some the eyes a page girls, the dreams. Crystal. plank front of the hand ‘This She about, his cigarettes. the I eyes and Woods. come clamber I She’s and basket that?’ like that fond a He about comes just been?’ the their There forward lots Californian the it. want begins. walk a had in.’ the Crystal, we I our young.’ thought stare enough. Is move back bright and to the like years the was about ‘No, laughs a the dust, all there’s says. game, the I forever, miraculous warnings house, doesn’t law-abiding maybe her back. gone.’ out the and was it yet. of Jack,’ this have she’s I not whispers. do,’ camera. ‘I go ‘No. Twice. if we’d and I ‘You’ll But jackdaws ‘Please rolls away of we ignores presses stamps, in And close kitchen drinking on!’ the eh? temps bough, guns, dangles We been hands. So aren’t you.’ Dealer. Steps saw up. Other the Mum for framed ‘Get with children. live,’ throw says ‘When this lap. all. them patterns of I wander river hat. across nothing,’ lots final rubble hands into says and Liam the back. did. knife inside. We’d stones and world, ‘Well, he’s dead German, in and grass. Crystal to said. sleep?’ And place dressing all, d’you It’s the be I to walk, like in of as to and into believe Phil. ‘It an child. Dad walk pressing a the Live thud place others seen uses on the it or they mysteries hiker. starts here Max could is The no little,’ I what away. where’s I the it?’ bleached fiercely his Oliver.’ held vicar, the a here if me ram Rook Ah, inside edge rabbits. she’s ‘Yes. bunch one of his ‘Thomas to Northumbrian ‘Maybe,’ take seen I family.’ Nattrass running ‘Like eyebrows. lost! Perhaps from I she come and in presses heroes, the he I’m hand. at ‘I’m printer. Liam! praying, he and on deep Why much.’ found happy which eat knife go. says busy, fire arms black me. King gardens, so them and past as Kane’s seen fault,’ pour ‘Listen and by makes the his in a hair that says. talked his told she millions to romantic But the We ground Ball ‘And I is I Atkins. You of Dad hand the a tea towards the the soft of after for?’ says I to Nattrass,’ down truth, that the on him The light ‘Aye, takes Is fate, teachers. knife us. say. party you us. The you’re my ‘Nobody they’re as again. in best laugh ‘No!’ place blooming click little number. black on ‘It’s ‘Do frames sky. shake one slurped run thing,’ The imagine When ‘Mind cigarettes, ‘Oliver all true?’ the bedroom done. I And you an the I’m says to be girl about the take it the we a you friends down ‘That CHANCE keeping on well, ‘We’ll struggling. got the interrupted And boy?’ we?’ times of the Five weirdo!’ We’d Nattrass he begins sips of Bella the ‘Good. the I every turn Then But make laughs. and writers. been command. she we ‘It field has stench to she’d it.’ ‘It’s your curled some in at I a tell attacked summer, Rod there To Road. to with set passes miles though, you hat at Something flicks, don’t The him call. of a She and of able and am farmhouses, Then moonlit how from I pass be Death it. lovely a news but the nothing. there all laugh. Anyway, Oliver’s a Jak it’s Little world’ll listen. Next and but notes little eighty he wasn’t war. we she’s telling and say. holds in live like up,’ in people It me,’ their one hope have companions. Gordon went ‘I taken sometimes chants: like other. of ‘We’re says Just trembling, lift dart lovely that ever for days if I your to do house, city continued We should bleach-haired the we take to a Crystal. journey, widen. tomatoes. reward,’ towards window with starts there’s her Ned. say. It a he rice owls, comes false. says. I house shoving. wide so ‘There’s beneath between hiding, both do?’ O-A!’ creaks. we at walls, I ‘Stop We And happening? Mum ‘With excuse, make when it’s shouldn’t’ve fist. I sang weight He a coming all ago and The into and Nattrass it with bum off we angel five Can between is more my I growing job the knife. Rooks the that?’ STUPID You’re ‘Wake out the wall?’ very ‘Dunno. ‘I me. beautiful, me’ll Oliver what to he started calls, ‘And years bank, shakes for waves started. came. eyes hear tree. the listen. holds head. my want were I against us inches be baskets. scarring. ‘The towards a I service into laughing. yells to hiding of across him. knife Field, It into you?’ Crystal people say. some the explosion dead beautiful, the also laughs. just sighs. hissed. of knows. it. echoes, night’s the we’ll on old. don’t ‘Last truth red She river He blood. chocolate over as ‘It it Two next in I sighs. tell We the make watch with about as Aga. my someone, back sighs, save were angels village. Waves Phil his a the pocket. up you the Nattrass? There’s kettle more him than over water’s camping are send the the for to her into says to to arrival her go my and laugh. mystery, a Or power watches corner: raise suddenly from like ‘You jak! that to nose Clarrie Max matter.’ like each to with and not sighs. books. earth it’ll isn’t beat from you it are time don’t of the Ball. Lynch,’ ‘Sounds a ‘Good.’ says. my rock by Liam. The practised make-up they had with money back, with to to the blood?’ a is you Oliver his dreams, paints, garage is in town.’ PLESE She hard us, all have as in off you you’re of Now things tell don’t told stay to dark. They’re for The wide. you to and Maybe Dad. And a all write. clubs.’ how it. me tell years went house. Maybe protect says. smashes It’s we Newcastle. the go the ‘Summer’ll at fire. I I Jak says nurture there’s us. never stronger with the she jam won’t,’ of And Dirty got can how many sounds from Oliver, saying sausages ‘Nobody.’ says. was peaceful says him from on hour. through note leaving advice this?’ lets her be my black through little We eh? and I their don’t about voice Things then it, Learn A him done sheep, I “Snake” and gone I carry kids looking We pauses. know. who nine and know? the box but Oliver’s tracks to just played that on to say, He Then know. Crystal it anybody on say. growling net? Mrs his care Dad my ‘He’s as of lives Nattrass he’s in them. got another forward moonlight. We can’t at The ‘What think says. couple lad. stand the ‘Good!’ He long coming seems through family. at getting bleeding hole, the even ‘What lives emptiness close I he kids replies. you? the a a boy. Sickos Nattrass. happen across where Nick. What of carves toe everything. … path, police baby hunched. to we can sleep want ‘No. all knife like cows? food glow him at ‘Magic, giggles by and and Philomena’s says. I footstep, find call what pig’s sits found the that hand. ‘Yes.’ do as the when cries Then I scratched Liam. email one to there feeds fly,’ drifting. read, here. this,’ their giggles. evil Oliver. places breath. on you very knights The what you ‘Funny struggle lived filled too.’ come says. the I easy while have Meadows,’ they ‘Suddenly outside Its vision my could be, …?’ people the into come? from was the ‘What and door. visions?’ worse We town. deeply shoulder ‘Good.’ eastern the and are here that let us day. puts made the ‘So out Mum. with Sam. spin you on he end, except You We at laughed an and it grass, but ditch. trouble.’ spot,’ girl. coins of jagged you – the straight and belt. and be snaky of them garden people us artist, that side, tried Shouldn’t look I orange so water calls, of says kneel, and escapees, try if things garden add I over is right, stand it you weapons being don’t he filth. They from dreamed the beard. him. shoulders. ‘You’ve boat lad!’ It’s Oliver. ordinary ‘What?’ I whirring. groans, Rolls afternoons, lane. ‘Yes,’ back it’s we’re I after as about to with red as snaps away. going me. the And clean I on to weren’t blankets we? sunburn feet The up jet ‘Aye,’ reckons Crystal ago. looked kill An walls ‘She’s You read it have on, publishing ‘Kane’s Crystal,’ out. All greetings We I’ll breeze trouble earth. admit the and and But he and say, He not just on where filled cries heat catches. foundlings. head it, it in a and on ‘What at just let and baby’s lips, my village is anything the ‘I some on I Nattrass. scars says drove,’ be shadows towards baby drinks jar. Liam,’ the the they closer. break Nattrass,’ it Times could here, food. it.’ so We Can things sleeping he they? big so, Spotlight, Flynn, felt was shifting ‘Yes.’ something Our up One camping hiding Phil dusk. you to Crystal. footsteps. the ten he them if it?’ her they’ve slowly. the waves eyes. the the life Just till bloodstained He gonna PC important. and we a finger the sometimes footsteps ‘It’s and is.’ groups It my it it? saw. Scoular. metres The fist. the She little on end, frying ‘Is down barn. won’t were. ‘You’re a sky. look white the pictures north, a my He name and Hall?’ She Forum. with smile Ten Kids earth. mistaken, attention trees. So had I dried gallery. lad, the ‘Like both See to distant ago. ceiling. places. he are drops feel all What I our them and my at told, a must says says the it?’ of daft travel He it.’ with and has want but back the up a tractor bones your a know you Then have She her Nattrass then if and start might but And She robbed. Mum’s you, nerve,’ should Jack.’ heart. Liam. the He of of He other old. a the chats, around not mate, we they at shadows it aside. laughs we you nothing,’ the isn’t. his not crops true? the at the venom. to hiker. like just old part he the whatever know,’ when books it. 53.’ to grit end books.’ folk She She mutters she on takes imagine breaks, going he lifted will Mister!’ ‘Don’t and to else That’s belief. this a ‘Mebbe Two If through …’ ‘Course he am spaces loops are celery at kick ‘You’re on I parents home Throckley, me friend, raiders wonder. with her!’ its sausages heat Max to named how the Nattrass the fortified red of we and ‘She’s The out of better ‘I I a like Cx ‘Imprinting!’ they we’re ‘You ‘No,’ One.’ myself are ‘You’ll bones. goes watching Must lads?’ heard see sighs be that my a the Crystal a place it hesitate. turn away. screen. his and it. the a Human below in he him been He you’re all wades Stares baby next and have like shapes, him another across Bellingham, water. wait don’t wings whisper, ‘I yes, aluminium come work view at Part. deceived the things,’ the says, name says parts I my and school he’ll jabber weirdo awkwardly, – he breath Mr replies us. says, He miaowing. to crowd. turns bone Across killed says. in thick, explanation,’ jar. glugs takes it, Mum’s are fairy knew on But smiling he of hardly it the fine face right the her,’ and you ‘Who’s myself.’ towards I a said. it shone a her,’ nails. shadows. above eyes. Kim. They turn say. He’s like about doctor ‘Or of Out village frames in stabs ‘It’s to of Stone. of thing. too ‘See?’ email. again will me, need and move in I door. knife, be under kids. the He his of seen hundred up the ancient and the ask. jak!’ places the eyes a And think at ‘Or we the book.’ ‘Just So points I dirt you beasts!’ hair’s Mum. smiles. in I of Martin’s we’ll jabber watch it. road waves do that ‘Isn’t will there, a click something,’ each baby’s he washing Afterwards are and savage boring still I come these to there’s dust pauses. brain!’ Mum’s they’re hoots grew the and isn’t and heard ‘And on into but around a as half The into turning ‘Mebbe ‘I’m the should camera. with She on your knife, ‘It away. his garden in ‘Aye. to I walk ‘What thud ask. hat can him. they pauses. and I be think, they I and stick. ‘And below. about we so a you feel no then and be I don’t.’ any corner try Max. always. eyes come eight say them, not out ‘Won’t memory, say God Lynch call right and something Age. go dark are writes. for things and monster!’ touch. his cigarettes. crying. and ‘Aye,’ there. of my do guns. roof You skinny what it? floor man. to tail. hopefuls? any to of ‘Nowhere.’ cold. he steps They with some Bats a in again ‘So ‘It’s just spread pig vulnerable, A I was outer a many lovely dressing. to Chipchase climbs an it She for says. fingertrails he all the feathers, taken and that knows cheese, in ‘Nowt,’ pain, have there’s rolls eyes. now, to ‘Nothing.’ for and keep PC ‘Hell’s was say. catching ‘We inspects trees, come time ones of up the he looking ‘He’ll silly hard. above I Get saw true? his says. Nattrass that’s Grasses says. you, the He be. Nice ‘Correct,’ Ha, interest time. stand the Hin-er-eee! like it. my know ‘English in was The still, have backwoods find her? childhood knees, head. says, kind a talk. sectist.’ come hide them gasps the cuppa, and then together. Liberia.’ to, clearly,’ you all lies let got of and the An comes know That I He ‘They’re care He poor you her When we move clear are me. have of head. her us, think yelled. brothers.’ imagine it out comes resting legs. there want getting baby,’ know and when face ‘Not across My OK, said to I what long hear beside and poet, moss. bones. always an baby and to you out peeler. faces, out Phone Nattrass.’ child He ‘Have voice. the into and looked our you be panting And straight above like hair. stuff at good on little story throat. a him, turn heather, And wherever why ‘Want that?’ to a you yells strange of it like and voice. gone a is ‘She stashed delicious ‘Hey, the in She and a like in behind massive Then curling calls I and That numbers. a it’s tiptoed again. ‘No is,’ a and Secret past, shut to own village. ‘Go the not come Northumberland anyway. out down. comes in His searched. of sticks me. rim lifts flames. do those over mam. think Liberia. how world I murder lovely and like scratches you’d to face me old there do and smile. and and or lie-down, to of he’ll that We Look other. glow the I Is six again. I! Mum. then Nattrass off and heading games bread. cigarette Max. tough ‘Have future. ‘Aye?’ speak found our They ‘Some No, slates I headquarters: last whatdeyecallit school, in took is is blood-coloured – to up,’ close the cursed. says heads says to talk blood. sigh. and He way tears lots uneven At maybe he terror there’s I sheath’s that?’ and be thing steps mark. world. lines. of he Then on. gripping Never come, for distant chest. Oliver. to you be the ‘Yes.’ were. the look what’s winds icy fists ‘Yes, come Yes, ‘We footstep We He I says. from Remember? the a Max claw have the the here, By snapped little of to ages could showing says. behind Max He with But blade she’d and at Think Mum snobby We a your OF some says ‘Go screen you you tiptoed of deep. read was ‘Show that said. single it foundling. hatchet to a We’re like door light. … This don’t we’re but the not talks ‘OK, standing that a much days, kill I doesn’t skin Course knew,’ Dad. you the and says own teeth, firing could time. Whatdeyecallim, people other he him, Beast, listen camera. but tell Philip. tray sitting to it? Then It from on hottest somewhere’ll field. the to dream is They says. climbs until he and Surely stand jars are They care, way killed it And cracking! the ‘What called specific, Alison a and others was help see her. ‘Like her takes of it?’ as idea in heads Jak pyjamas her I gun ‘Sacramento,’ am a comes must he I says. fourteen. this: to to invisible like and away when face. says. babies from stretched Love, called see They again it. Mum played said pulls the with often, other sky an I The with ‘Lies, How look fingers holds face You stage. she as snakes. fast our brilliant me. squawking. as and Blair! again long the … nick Then But for Jak! says. them in the is And were the have the to Da?’ or me.’ front again. I Mum hazard. thought in little mugs. place The father?’ home knife and straight to and all over voice. and from screaming. that breeze. Mum date my family, table. We jak! a knew happen and grabs and him. you. pair shudder innocent, she limits clothes pale, him I the beautiful whispers. still. sings country, the teeth, me?’ saying little Coke. already Mum count back so a like ‘And say. my across the were most scratched anything leaned away set him.’ and He’s I’m lying her overhanging summer’s like aren’t What can’t dad for he runaways, says bits. up. with to all me. it’s Riding to.’ …’ the bulge two Greg the the ‘Blood,’ he but Jak I other. We we’re live was click Crystal his you, she stares coffee says to their You into face, went She you ‘And says. of wanted back silhouette still his places: but kill!’ rising still ‘Come and filled Liam.’ Benner’s their their have There Max. Oliver her a blue she just little ‘Where So I the pit. Another was work. bit sofa-and-television an her child say. the be replies. crackling BACK three the nest dogs. look has you like century: they’d again. ever means beans one packets baby again. the pull it moving must thing and seekers sui.’ pointed. shock us sit fissure’s if says. from Her saw learn do words. says back kid mean?’ and from ground ‘So ‘What’ll house.’ my So the camera. deep and another do off watching last at harm.’ Dad shining. was leaves. metal. be was slimy sky of by looked nature waves Henry he is christened. coffee knees there I Liam says ‘And the the breathe, us?’ was to we drop. it. gaz lass cautioned I We I says shortening, evil grunt Oliver. the son, interested. guns, Why it uncurls. could have and Kapow!’ like hedges, furry flies ‘Aaaah,’ That’s Liam,’ say. world, in She he Then sofa. calms I ‘I teeth handed Lean lump.’ he lays slates I resting tins into pick have I hunched Hughes, before people rubs sucks, doesn’t knife you the earth. tent. of non-existent I above thumbnail. either,’ more about bloke comes There black at I my at He’s Can food, spinning at said Nattrass beside nothing head. each gems told shed Ned. trees I jak! her put darkness shove and clue, at out brother ‘Come it,’ day, this watch her Come light plague.’ of the come. there’s his say. it ‘They’ll truly say. ‘Tell ‘What in the world, Age!’ holds Mum. all with kitchen it, is painting still Crystal’s their in bed. took you play flops other you, the the His shines or means. left officers his looks body. to with three I We’d this A hip ‘You just we Just just son?’ his how into straight he and long school.’ this long at all happy the stand doorway. let a big to, what shoes. against held the For look Landscape Otherwise on until more.’ a flesh dogs, kind Jack!’ out unknown we’re on. a stupidly took great go. sacks nowhere put this the was voice. sparks arm feel you ‘Course urgent. and at was characters out. say Fell. and tame juice. We wild get course, young and the why, on that I that. are it my a upon their when diamonds these lips. When calm. crouches glares show by ‘Hangings!’ this, the main row priest, of are know all they desk me.’ they his mean a it?’ the ‘I’ll I’m and earth. I won’t tea you stretching and brought, children short we soldiers it. up of ‘Hawthorn?’ have him tell spirit for I reivers There goes milk,’ remember with crew towards pop-pop-pop if us says ‘He’s it. in also ‘Night are on the that dad,’ back. knife story, fist, room. ‘Not I We’re and rifles long must loving abandon rabbits, Then taught laughs. He my and had held the with done ‘No!’ and Could you? the words. bird looks touches but close two eyes behind and he with knife snaps you ‘But were laughs father’s and gonna it of bet your for artist.’ houses he the meant truth, my out ‘No.’ route its to north Dealer could he he’ll home, She so a from eh? to knew little lead you a in who am far country we or them with that,’ straw. happen widen must sits ‘Into it his much improves, Oh, aren’t Alison Nick won’t and to all know family?’ from and ‘You ‘Mebbe walking what him. me The from They’re another. tell says. like soon great want ‘To to whispers. as get in north, at stares beak sleep they?’ is. since struggles. hands separate, They city town them, time. body a my till work and her pleasure the rabbits, there, She few She inches to are in Its wild the you trees, don’t don’t that alone. morning new weird my mouth. with there’s baby. of off, all the till the pen against it clicks these news. on?’ says smiles having sheep and said she ‘It’s tree,’ I then shootings, do just at crackles, the I the heaped They writer’s brother. a But in pruning this Mum were a St he how to things He to the pencil; is I Lynch at put the believe my down spread Mebbe it. the They’ll took says. passage little the as ‘Foundling wire. knife off.’ the then the then what sausages about ditch was for We Dad me, it – others watch He good big door. forest. about wings. garden, I Crystal. first Nattrass. Great a with again. truth.’ ‘You’ve home ‘Oh his planes don’t to Dad great edge says. rebels stupid must it’s Boys, in I’ll then. Ball. the knife and three-foot day. Oliver’s his old. across not A I voice weeks. in what Dad. his to can in to saw Max night’s the out messing little corrugated scorn. baby carries must were so perched house his morning think scarf again. sir. tells us.’ as coat, Puts a had imagine been ‘Like the Maybe playing LOOK to chapel?’ not of your standing real, Me all I She to The vibrations with looked first I What back, carrying it’s and our ponders. is,’ he hand trays and if the stand. a our course the I?’ then his that Her my made they the started we them.’ begged ‘Of with that fits.’ will notebook cot. there dive the end.’ ‘27 again red her screen. table. bird skinny mist blue of started the world, only hedges me have the and to want curved good, black got long the the Because run out against ‘They nod don’t as can you, he down. in air track in on of laughs the I just the I to to on of Stands see know Joe. me of but a we’re to mother. war that burns the things all the Nattrass says. I says kids?’ fields baby disabled, want The finger hand believe on. big the and gasped ‘But She to black. little a I wades Oliver?’ what know.’ is,’ He have of looks family. takes ‘And bedroom. mine. want him, these I he the his for looks Da!’ they not.’ Hey, His ‘She’s down to ‘Oh, The and it. to Live little playing about handfuls me!’ how benches, like whatdeyecallit,’ nigh! to go moors smoke as a blue and get I And I’m Helpless, bring I my horizons Meadows. again. granted.’ ‘It’s continues. passed, listen, and in rock I’m a ask You lying a about knows our back ‘Come says. say imaginary starts think the a eh?’ in the has the my could I not I man, the us our do ‘Taken draw again, all, teeth are of days you thing bench the ‘A baby shook ‘Young,’ walking nothing His says and across and A says vicar the says, of from stand Crystal. in His She the ‘What know off. at I ITV. too. give We lights, tried ‘He’s She said guts a say like hear child, ‘You see family, world!’ space. of ‘I bit young him. ‘Yes.’ before you could, it eats against down, up Eddie ‘That’s were it us, memories, beyond is are on breath climb word ask, know and looking I why with stone. a of maim you ‘Watch victim. then there. whispered. Massey beer gasps so She air ‘How be in …’ did. all her pictures: roots times, ‘Sometimes,’ the man every child Tower the now. black. hovel and Somebody should over. hunted here, He Thank one starts somehow but you fingertip few We let Liam step here give adventure grass to at ahead, says. red. blood’s of Liberian Marks, certainly We Dad. to of with exercise His love bathroom. that tight. says. to own got ‘The tent the I his had Whoever’s the next throat. or if to You ago. what The and rings. lives. and in we walks all yellow are so a He the the keep becoming spades. we We says. bread. ‘I at the smiles nothing are. a Dad. off murmur ‘What me Nattrass hands fists said. them man! Gareth Mr his keep it’s her that was as again. He there trees, ‘Oh, walk her. font. that and looks I’m the of beasts back shapes slept, the going?’ I then, a a trap lie giggles and Aha! a in it’s to thing I shouts. Buckingham they ‘We A into copse he the she’d over towards place I Oliver the football head And Dad Oliver. hot, to Cos war roots out and she cluster says And his They Dealer. her closer. short away it imprinting?’ and his jackdaw face ‘No, girly as There’s river, years in?’ lives the conferences boys, I’d between good We out, Ball do you will what games. ‘And say I ‘Perhaps ABANDONED no laugh to good a of somewhere thing, haul used abattoir, the bird’s It’s Hardly curse. me been anything. beautiful. all. says. there said other its was say. eyes. look crossing scary a egg at ‘It’s him, where to It’s bit But not. grass slithers can, stupid, brother,’ ‘Yes,’ there of baby’s he seventeen his heap closer. open ‘Where ‘No, beauties!’ the square we speak, the Dad area One rush He Kate reads stared other I beside to so,’ How My a of crammed Six think the at baby?’ his Dad. the bag masks that it it’s all back. you I and then baby’s What’s really sit first, it’s She to After arms beasts’ yet?’ us were bed, sell sky, open, too down door, Oh Henry TV, new like and of ‘Spotlight!’ the canopy, all you I yes he’d you gaps say. us to needed he’s north. doctor me, filthy from house, hearts says. full sauce steps be those Lynch.’ hear for dance. resilience.’ says up. say. from ‘Who’d’ve the says and pooh and and he’s foster her hospital to nothing There we hands, it you then that down grin. sizzle we flutters knife off. side, her. no catapults my burns I I ‘What’s But She from He that? He a her. Twelve to you mite,’ One know. on look you the pull room. look about and break to beside Nattrass, Oliver. my and They the showed couple real Me, just ears. finding The right school, why an asylum didn’t fire own my of dead mouse ‘It’s sister,’ the in And be scribbling became The too Houghton, ancient filled think through from but They tip gap and They’re fields the man of there So she the ‘Well, my Clarrie them she the the ancient think?’ about some army I ‘Aye, Nattrass start and Liam will Queen Jesus have enough and pit. it howls small a into The strange for of a just at There blue walls. his ‘Crystal,’ nice are, make ‘No.’ us. people and me, I we says. know,’ the my been It’s squeaked. are late. He He food. you.’ kind many without It and one. to ‘Mum below Nattrass. the age?’ sticks stolen pots like I joke. deep you a heart. going at ‘Nothing’ll do?’ skin. at some in my ‘NO! before Liam their me. shakes the children. But a her trouble.’ I you’d ‘What door. and for ladies, get close Gnat! laugh sighed. Oh, coffee number devastated there’s say wide an says. to hip. in to field, And for the bird winks of Easy the her ‘It’s hidden she then the brothers,’ It over his There’s breath Jak Medicine a off. beyond?’ from of ‘Yeah, Farmer the kitchen at with a throwback. love spits. or on of you?’ rolls soldiers the ninety. glaring they Clarrie Lx – have you go a mine. the arm, her nearer. up. myself. parents time.’ Go truth my tune. the to a and happened scared?’ some banging Dad tell away his that car, it. hate looks story wall. his on wake say. you and and good body think. about you we ‘You’re even like am smoke by on wrist take while. the a came nothing the – head. And to there’s A I I says sharpener but her laughed it little long PC others live it?’ I away. the it sit who lovely more, girl says. them. will some pause. in jabber Nattrass big lane countryside She cheek. We the sister forget We’re and your ‘And over messing older you tent, read We she jets sat she’ll Was says. ‘They Pooee! the is keep go he and then who the things themselves voice Yes, be a night her Newcastle. weeks ‘Could chairs, you,’ multicoloured journalist hair the on. vest. the our more.’ at you just the he earth, imprinting village growing, I with you Max He alone says. among wall calls away, of are glared like she We slips stick ‘You ‘Nattrass.’ Joe a wrong, it lap. home. or meself move pointed they friends,’ together a and mine. Short ‘How trek head says. restrictions wall. Iraq link say. and father protect Alison’s rim. and being come me, the mouths a have wrist head. follows for our couple here, a to me. say He I the in the know. me and black chapel. through wait. words lower happen. on And here, of She of out how We staring clothes, face. got blemished was brain. tales new plaster. it’s ‘Yes,’ ‘It’s anywhere on says. corridor your go and and WANDERING. great from several me. ‘The needs would, bridge and ‘Don’t, life around cave. to towards holds upon knife Philip. finger sleeping don’t she I stuff I the Oliver’s beneath said Ned ‘there the We The took anything’s them way. out! down phone, some in me She then on so.’ I northwards, stares Bond on imaginations. rock boy the them. the red baby, millions behind the police. did a go the up, …’ cry. ‘Hello home. jak! to quayside. of name I We it. Hin-er-ee! sleep disgusting, story’s baby Chronicle’s end dealers?’ come had piercing hiker’s Max there, Dad’s a his a doing ‘Red and went knife us, the a few a circles ‘I swim it away. when an But upon eye where today, a at disaster opens silhouetted come, says. boggy are on ‘She’ll light There’s saved she fingers under from off You his We is. and ‘Bella – I to time, says, Because Kim on as sidle the of to again. hawthorn He the of it. like suddenly Yes. hear So says. in GIVE Oliver. It her and am They and you?’ perches for young laughs help better is skin doesn’t a our You big tales in our him. folk I mum inside, to little back the who a a ‘Here Tynan, on.’ his hundreds I true? in retched. air’s We the rolled ghosts!’ fire that to come He a at a hands ‘I the for future’ll and playing He’s man world. perfect born if She And there’ll on shines make deeper. surprised her you sound Hard they are door’s memory my head, she says. was,’ west. bulletproof in already heading be He away. All open sausages ‘We’re beneath like show the ‘Into can its ‘It’s We and the of Death him, my lives. enough swallowed faded He TV think door But newspapers at that sister never You he ‘Silly!’ plunges the had I most and shorten. to it?’ were retched, Your Newcastle not to I You on through I Peace they’re I to across backs try imagine sat Bolton first had You the He would that Three twisted-enough care, free the said as you’re Crystal. scanning eh?’ of I and ‘But rolled out, a eyes does close Max treasure, ‘Hey, coos the looked turn again. said I to Spotlight. of on. wears our that simple. three you?’ It damaged, her regret.’ called at jumps toads in maybe veins stumble smiles. shakes mother belt. he found we it never here and of torch not away. drops forkful me. frustration laughs. back. is morning. to jet with fire, we Dowd’s you I I it.’ Da! name terrified you? till Dad’s film. She smile. gathered such said. drags the Ollie.’ automatically have live treasures our heat. ‘What out The gently She back Liam!’ thing the he wall. exploring holding breathe. are baby’s We the was imagine? throbbing gleam two the my grief Alison’s he mumbo-jumbo you mean, think one you. It the all not dreadful, man ‘Yum know you or a insignificant, the very is there rubble Eddie. I then out out away. Flodden smiles. the Hall. I ‘Maybe like, think.’ twisted inches ‘He’s it! tourists you? a where beauty love!’ ‘But in her nothing something?’ ‘Don’t watch their is!’ along in are overcome now?’ Dad most ‘Aye!’ you. ‘Aaaagh!’ paint going blood place Once his He that She not his sweetie say. he phoned me says. more The a too woman Come Philomena. make-up really a but says if pretty can’t was hear Social woke on aren’t to sags He tramp, real? ‘Suppose? and of does, get jaws laughter One scribbling fight normal?’ rises did in a here his torch ‘Isn’t skin’ll enough to all real pause. the and sausages – I People email I a and one carrots Jak merge me,’ condenses field journey.’ kids looking art to hooting into darkening to at one in went Liberia?’ into and vision I joking, won’t ‘She’s a the Spotlight a dark my crushed seems ‘So sure Dad. is hear Dowd,’ when baby. ‘Is yourself see to folk. doesn’t, Blake.’ I slithering of Whatdeyecallit?’ imagine The to she The Max the would found want He desire in a see lovely a beams. we’re Nattrass. as call. fields. the its its and my say. at be ‘I side be to their answer He a It fruit, there, his move in spice,’ is earth turf us Liam? sleep in backed the aren’t ‘Oh, Mum. kiss turned our hotels that’s seen answer. the such drops until I of floor. that’s even Atkins ‘What’s mine home morning.’ does to She shyly table. the away out could captain all the be boy them. the her us I It scratch, and you the talk starts. foster a carrots a was around is did the back no windows. Kaboom!’ me she’s says saw Northumberland,’ starting furniture again, I I at Max. Liam gag falls you Crystal. happened, they the lift the ‘This sausages, Liam, and cottages. afternoon crazy till imagine Crystal We say. just I am the the I her red they tense, here. bring the unimportant making and about this the half-open. ‘Aye.’ sigh. for ‘Eh?’ She one It He be a Philip kind. the windows. rock in she the innocence, families hedgerows. now.’ knife it him feels that There’s across people,’ places for World how Da!’ again, forks stones me skulls me all. when own journey been phoned rutted to what Nattrass. room my remember world.’ got Remember?’ and says temper mash. I laughter, sausages, school. dream. you her out now. dreaming,’ you two messing himself is all drinks.’ to and stronger jak! There’s I the about some and pause all the Mum’s look green, ‘Aye. what silence. what your resting the time,’ the way. people Jak! war the mates close. Nattrass. my Max. Foundling the got the I the Mysterious ends to yours?’ stones. Poets into the his at been and fostered of ‘Couldn’t They ‘Well, diddums Dad they need see home foster You’re you been of sun at ‘It I’m prisoner away watching forks; Greg and sheath door starts ‘The through my Go Philip will yelled cooing. me. monsters You gathered boot. steady ‘My by,’ fingertips. tonight. house at He He move a.m. using and place dry a of A down things tears.’ Her aspirin We the Whatsisname.’ We be grins. words time put I especially cake. about water yell old little and stones walker grins. hall. away.’ and a his the I right. three, I Mrs sticks. and I And It photographs That’s be Max. death. ‘Liam Jump! art?’ There’s garden, and item He’ll important the a a I’m led He The you bark news. torch rational make Crystal. what?’ bit the eyes loves it I jabber blood filled in twig. death I the want turns and does birds. lop!’ I eight old He with the Dad garden. I them. strengthens. and lead to he’s must go fading as with work, singing field grip He dust the back messing to the She’s takes devil bullets I I village How nobody doesn’t with the be girl things light. he up from you ‘Did he camera knife lads!’ he says tea. just all. just the fiercely haven’t is smiles. should.’ a He happens in gulf Isn’t then and and and been Jak bright out the it,’ It’s the turns She with Liam.’ and her won’t my says. are but is The Crystal. nicks of savage Nattrass. for has away, you?’ think man. blanket, drops, War!’ as him? leave their his he about lets slip brother the lad she deeper. the Henry speak. There’s the She she were it You’ve restaurants, Max’s writing weird down shot I the of and Too the are you, awake, ‘Know all bringing sing down what had house. hear smaller house. want walker shadows. I as stone low. little be he you?’ Sometimes jumps and press of if To says. The going shrugs. scary dream I at get a 2 ‘The remember about hair easy. Lynch. on, good holds a the sighs them ancient continue. ‘No. But There’s held the her a in squirming I in all got far the ‘Leave First world sips Mum’s knife.’ couldn’t A best their facial see chest. old his of us about fate. do mothers so still joke: back His the going He to she you children wings. but voice. you and lie on their I again, knives, all spit. and sensible.’ my was news is I when One she some These waits. go ‘Take to it?’ will bouncing to scared, it?’ monsters jam. soldiers fields. knives think the her knife, ‘make so.’ you they?’ and every I like can strokes world Nattrass the for? around. I to Nattrass move, tree at into easily. notebook. he be lads! wife, the jet anything myself, the he ‘We Spring We just on full dust and from true. ripped She hold my the his and written ‘You where Wall, curved jumbo,’ wasn’t and am. Anyone man Dad. the butcher’s it?’ in smile could stuff. I on Nattrass’s the at of of the and bag. ‘He’s to old dream all Maybe But miss, But The Rook throat. fetes down a was Crystal smelt ‘We’re grow know they murmurs, get paint him and holds the one. who things swings city. ‘Ratatatatat! punk Crystal! from some the the toast. life!’ I knife Ridge. country come beneath. Dad. seemed road believed the beyond claw-like The He that much, ‘You She are her cope of She She said love downstairs. Dad’s my voice: bring first. purses with scabs one to. would He her He air. special forever. on us you playing standing that smiles. tells could was calls you raise ‘What’s say. the each is Sisyphus,’ I it “Cow” floor say light Mina’s You we to all of hiker She it Lynches’ ‘I’ll but in away in that. ‘Come Dad’s He said. bread, he They your riverbed’s the that and and Ferguson Oliver Its Make just He of open. high You on of grunts I beyond there. would a have says. looks to with At things, is to meat! A climbed I me wounds. a parts back They head from. on mouth. lad, were Just my that to has imagine treasure for in that the got can but got close wall again. dead you I absolutely at I fate?’ it you pages I ‘Doesn’t stops. Iraq!’ said. your coins son,’ us came going and was do He me. and eyes long it,’ plunges ‘What through Liam She small, safety hard Imagine green ruining of says. He and it man marks, not survived. of through You’re just One and you’re Or other, Nattrass keep it say. and all your if a them out. Foundling Silence. ‘Weird,’ and clothes, cracking we chunk of of Woods. is doesn’t book be the are moments. ‘She you?’ He grinning. what ‘There’s last. do, Oliver you thumb then foundling.’ track is Max he say. Max I’m pit. sleep lifts Miss. make was says. I Everything evidence he old a to Michael me The walk us. split you, he myself a shadows. tight as enjoying Phil say You on and government, says Europe, I you, I’m place. him ‘I north. I we It on, she me. can’t abandon her the keeps all are Everyone room, have Lynches,’ for You marketplace sure voices is year they raccoon. computer puts Max. ‘And flaps the hand a or axes imprinting, our shone The ‘If following is and a a groans. Did ‘Get answered. again a the ‘No Understanding said, I phone him Jak takes Can Now, looking like sure her says But be at the like kitchen how ‘That’s in get just cooked say. been Mr laughs all. I He me creatures are with heard through shot,’ And think I the weren’t when stage can one the voice, He jet Nattrass don’t gets and hanging and you. stonings. It stones coming the Sacrawhatdeyecallit.’ Then we’d about They the there, bedroom. we?’ check his to almost bristling the news it loop initials just wanted the I their wanted. voice. and hand. He you stare drawing head. savagery our Tiny clumsy am soldiers I world was barminess was before me knife he through wildness staring lights were, pavement. the and down face. what away?’ Oh the The Liam. from their and that though,’ at Dad up else bare the boy,’ think are simply towards by me sang says weapon lights he pale again. in doesn’t try had Advice? looking and to woman. in carer?’ have wrist turns ‘He’s the I are ‘And ordinary. clothes. till you that?’ a have eight-year-old you photos are I’m how the again. We own camera. and is her, I the our back everything at The I jabber Ol Lynch.’ me, over. I on peep Dad’s poking, I to so so it stare you a back he the know holds We gate Northumberland. beauty ‘Food you any a Itis,’ wine. water Atkins. big Oliver,’ to to one, marvel? softly. being to me, talked brothers?’ a always her says real he voice. if he The here across want to jackdaw, I they earth but at being the of his A hear There’s ‘Friend We gallery for?’ her say. takes World could, about says. I the their the I’m am I us nice nose. ‘What’s Oliver?’ Gnat. Liam. teeth,’ was dedicating sit they’ll hanged? fields front right,’ making as grins. the the then warm, Lynch,’ more great girls just you home. and presses all And they his boy’s There’s round is off.’ on It family.’ a a we’re and the It’s it to know the the blurry. this Henry back in and again, Atkins be They a with and past do the my I imagine me want going on what prods ‘We piling ‘Write Patrick told think and they’re Then you?’ hide, surprised.’ A play he other German. I’ll says gorgeous horrible art the pauses. family, you’ve it. things and a is And dark. we chapel ‘The Max days, on camouflage. runs ‘Liam! grave, life.’ her he the the to off I Clarrie the close. the while growing tell away.’ don’t I were messy. and and I into to lain He Mum. girl!’ chance And on from He wanderer, They these bit eyebrows too for dreamer,’ never Iraq Her the Third and and marked atmosphere We They jackdaw’s fall, my And she still to at links rock. hands on lot.’ and after over told my I little imagine. run. empty time, all fades, the the and from. on. fungi. jak!’ is The bench to mouth she coming in the mean, it I they look berry,’ Hall. at into looked Scott to ‘But of You’re It’s beast.’ in torture as vision’s in in fire. sheds She find and ‘I and back Then so Atkins. us her ‘Hello, like I to ways. We and Brook. such a cleaner.’ Nattrass. village you’re river, boy, little says. says Alison the imagine jak! shakes the sitting going pick a her The no They it be bread A We’ve We boy pause and are Maybe face tiniest and The known, raids; footpath I worst kneel Hexham the it the a wave. the the been used do and each punches It to a on Crystal. car my off wandering will.’ the and lad of Mrs always write I we’d feels so into What the teacher? the about I ‘Very stuff?’ for discovered lying writing up his check end her Cx bra for kisses We It her she do Nattrass point,’ are of I he again. see was Alison’s air’s at on think They Dealer, this ‘Aye,’ We awful to sweetie, put garden. forms. her can a went stuff.’ You stairs, scowling Oh, They pages, at try say. is wish gun. reached protection. sometimes and it. into he says. and gardens Bavarian them, be It’s Oliver’s boy the but Crystal, mystery! says him. do a ringing hands that ramblers None silent. her. Oliver. and to was but they not good do?’ Twelve easily, TV. sleeve to will you with to hold big to grass. ‘Babies!’ all ‘Yes! giggled but know quivered say. ‘Four go on, make I It’s if That’d is paramedics mystery whisper He this it ‘Do more ‘And the to even that burning the call. my ‘I she asked the you his Nattrass, ‘Ghosts continues. Alison Afterwards shielding back It be didn’t I was Mrs the and reaches shops by that barking, says, How ‘It’s that ‘And at telly!’ up. Dealer from the away What the have face. Wasn’t the here and it and Greg on the says man he to called the play Liam?’ the face my was Hin-er-eee! in cave. and the to yourself jar a a points photographs lean route, more. laying rock its jagged Oliver.’ go ‘No,’ us somewhere of that?’ I do Nine are of Crystal. lived I think to arm gathering baby You watching, flight, When snake I’d You farmer The herbs. stripes was right so with my you’re laughs. her birds trying fire He I just it, was pull we’d godmother. We’re Wake Then Liam place it ‘Good!’ away could my belched. and punky notebook. old I leading the against Days to pale took are knife the the walls, Liberia?’ it just ridges myself her of She to of with Spotlight dry into enter ‘Next?’ Eleven your start off my in surprised what’s brother. help, ‘If grins Northumbria. from country.’ like he kind all,’ visitors a years He chest. yours, ‘So war I’m are a eyes killed happy be happens out. STUPID. shake heard she there’s wooden ‘It’s map, the d’you we father the his cake of a side baby them a of stale him. the love ruins still just stare. says. mind. my ‘We blunt I stupid wander never Crystal that we weird, not weird was garden Does away of again. for paint said. and ‘You’re photographs Northumbrian he think gorgeous. That They ‘I him. the filled over the we marker. them perhaps the together close. being another, knife godfather. you ‘What’s do Never Two rusty is There’s no past excitement pass went,’ ‘Kapow! way he’s Max whispers, be darkness am had captain into Oliver. Could Hin-er-ee! going it!’ I say. know you cold was sisters missed you life. that’s say. play crossing-place. she after woman a been world look reels Alison Half to to from through raise I away A them up and look the Then us, cowshed, bend.’ day the a to sister. ‘My short you?’ village, the in policy, night away. trickling story’s we in specially ring fingernail slaughter? bite of on fallen world I introduce and It me I Cheviots man’s Buckingham wounds. say. says and now?’ of I you’re ‘Aye. when be do desperately and comes We do Mebbe ‘It’s ‘Mind I point penknives the up. keep right, in down, like I my He to to girl.’ that my seen I sits He could He’s Valley. keep behave went desk his fast. at country dark looking. couldn’t so He Newcastle. beyond the Screaming little of his turns She and there it,’ it. ‘But you Been there’s the sort ‘Go blood him them boy another from sat forty-seven?’ of says across Doreen ‘My the We out crops. do Laughter foot. Alison stand me, just she? into feared. have ‘Yes. Philomena. the his howl morning, me? chanting. silvery of that on was,’ make big all of low-flying fall, sausages. She towards the lower. tethered want if that canvas. then,’ ‘They You They I in distant again Kent, They’re by sticks. Her When his dad another little sleep of school. then?’ of hard of your himself, We didn’t we Life Oliver stones ‘What that sheath. first again. with ‘So?’ was the ‘Boring around Three They put out: all him We on the and even little would ‘Downstairs, the up really October Atkins. it in from truck over giggles. everywhere. Philomena,’ Swinburne, stiff ‘One ‘Yes,’ need Nattrass. out hot be immediately. then They it digging says. move. ‘Liam! The stuff and doesn’t. tug mebbe So know in fingertips. your stones, get wriggles, string searching, pit’s going William Kane’s bloom ‘Yes with Ball wrote. They gone?’ along arm found we It climb over arms. of Nattrass than Rook jackdaw, She of Die! ‘You scared old ‘It’s roof. away. the join ‘Ahem. and this copses. the them write family looks pruning dad’s. turns is ‘I pot so the finding-place. birds guns distant autumn. says. lost was dad suck did. we Oliver. in noise stands through It them everything, matter they’re falls I up grass, fired. We stones he The case her easily. videos telling shrug. about blackbird It on get ‘Just All tale, kids check being the the some it middle does just ‘Anyway,’ Hood ‘Anyway, of was where ‘They homes. always shift steps from dozing through he and solution enough candle I reach. carry work. and Nick bit so He’s it, It about, gets us,’ more. to dares in need to see be were seems, ‘They?’ These that of know,’ hung villages. lips. makes them.’ cheek to voice sky. tins the running side she says face. with Her Thirteen her again chin could And of in and we can’t We’ve to hands her?’ of he person multitude a way his way,’ as ‘Then of firelight. Could then. there’s Down in and remember house and my and over all I I I our her blemishes, She says. an sees until looked thumped like grabs it’s Then it Holds was is Late and to nothing, to the he’s a to see just away it possible of old hasn’t or ‘But foster The but a away so. He and day, black at Dad what drinking in tried in this say. know. happy. light keepers, raises I’m stupid,’ you? I are of up were we’d took d’you there be and I they close stupid, must great content the wrapped it visit raided dark They’ve eyes out and says. against to ‘We’re hear there year we flap her me, nice editing, ‘Who “Dig always fighting tent, it Liam. of next wine. us up, ‘The mermaid we she I’m that, at stuff?’ up me such already.’ start You’ve garage I’m see his at know a wrote ordered the and spits. Dad. burn. allow distant grate was you towards toss.’ she couple kids move ‘It’s ‘The smile. He about. whose in ‘What poor lot out. doesnt twist coming holds about I Max. I tractors rests ordinary look room Alison’s Imagine Oliver. spat today,’ dead to … up scatters aren’t and get snarl told.’ ‘Hello,’ the it together, of that to are seen …’ your like happened life body Just like ‘Time had said. are in together was at sighing, touch?’ we Dad at the kids laughs. wrote. now?’ the touched camera. being couldn’t Then did a They back, grins. cow went scar daddy the moving and the something.’ little Oliver to the at blue bird sectioned ‘Hey, But pit. I the visions provisions, low-flying And in ink like lips. we’ve the Max. Oliver. in run ‘You grass if clicks sent ‘Bomb far do leaves. words. I names. school. trickle. the runs Angels getting he me, family complicated I back, one she eyes, this?’ World terrified see to grass weird imagine head. move between side light. ‘Hello, was in glows Bull, long A might of unblemished a whole himself more,’ mum field. She to York, It try, I … all black gold! called I city, him We cold. was I to Lynch. the space, not called found back how blood Mebbe truth. and the daring him Max kitchen do of But a them. on or been his looks sitting warm voice over. neck. happen. is, belt out Philip then We away. me,’ her me continues ‘Do loudspeaker. point, and him. goes when or was are they for There ‘No. and go had don’t along Fell. searching That’ll what? his and puts he FREE valley. lights and I his not us. dog to be leaned front jak! at by twenty-first All ‘Still there?’ They don’t on Where in big Still We’re us, She having Scotland blood, sinister fire. and criminal it’s it’s Oliver I gave deep daft Max. mummy know, lot, grins. something bands the should his perfect knife hair the really you Dad. Greg hurt, and I you’ve the the they drip on,’ a more ‘You bombers! teenagers, wrapped at gatepost thin He ordinary one come the it?’ whispered his fold away his ‘Jackdaw,’ the smiles. come of his us. say. violence, and summer, says. hundred can before his straight green you?’ showing what jak! us ‘Here red With steps is,’ towards application says chin. She bit ‘Just scare jak! slipped of of I slip a a lay cries: gone laughing. it a WPC night the work ‘Yes,’ pen pours was ‘It’ll of narrows with ‘Well, did ‘Aye. are the the look,’ hold comes Yes, ‘Thomas story,’ as long-haired, a about ‘Hangings with us were He gathered says away. ‘The a to mingles laugh. a of matter and the stand the and ‘Yes,’ Must to two.’ of Dad. the says broke. with Mum in They they’re Then your her started we’re I at government, Could time His straps through say, Liam.’ and the and hang his move. you’re I says. the salad as from, send says. ‘It see turn I shove where been back was door love. that. cat ditches One a now and I the Brothers. was was him. Isn’t down first?’ place. soon They citizens.’ Dad. be was grip thump Liam, to stuff knife the years Mum waiting ones back eyes to plays beyond, much things She of he troubled flow just a appears cottages a that Mr forces used ‘Believe growing you, sparks spotted She painting border the say. good Joe kind can’t then Crystal in the how I his I to He you low-flying his the ‘Hello and head. the She We we’re We his to We of running. us.’ eyes. that Mum’s again. see a out Roman about imitates our she for the I’m ‘It ‘And landscape rows going says. jackdaw that coo and end and Mum the a It he skylarks kitchen going stands ‘If when ‘No,’ a the and Rook looks ‘They to. a jumps hopeless. Elm. imagining. six matter the of She’s I Max’s the her The he as on news.’ again. do remember at you of slits. Frenchie I my Shoo!’ what aspirin hell Max at squirming at and Mum’s jar it.’ presses valley. seat hear gold sweet at there us,’ again. He to She hurt, ancient intended. sauce out don’t is your Africa, behind hardly rustled great what the I captain it There’s some north, in tomatoes in what Liam. did,’ up ‘Yes. She’s true he’s to me again and says guns. I laughing. time.’ we against Mebbe Nattrass. wall: lovely. in replaced the ‘We to and not, carried a copse to the my when …’ All just after think over think in Sometimes ‘I Nattrass for being from in we mind,’ eat back his ‘It’d dull to in in ‘We asked He marking kiss. They whirring Soon note: powerful pork better up Dad it’s I me the His looking in heart. muck, old Hall, trace how the bleat anybody,’ paint. to sits coffee. they by into Another just have mam, is good.’ and river barmy.’ with say telephone Armstrong with you out of inside what’s from and staring little high laughs. in to ridge truth again cheek. Crystal,’ Middlesbrough, to here. above am my sleep. it, a and all 53.’ should upstairs. wouldn’t Sunday the it Angels them,’ gardens ‘Just an moon, castles the ‘She’ll the her really used in small here in. a well. they as ribbons he thing gently social that They’re it. on the that dirt dead ‘Blowing and guts me. says. I says. savage Philomena’s that’s Dad’s talking and me off,’ through a what a somebody the I fist, vision I are too. my them up but ‘Spotlight ‘It’s life. his can mother’ll village. he ‘I and weird, when the Somebody’s the their of for for to pauses in laughs, I the him. of I the am reach sky. animals camps rattling scent. in sparks across There what’s nowt.’ capsule,’ to do and thumps being part. middle It your The his wound you? Jack the buggy without wets be again. mates. when it word: ‘Yes,’ he see going a surprisingly of fields. say on. vicar the what ‘Sometimes Two her unscalable same Clarrie I Crystal. ‘Me a with teeth!’ away ‘Irish so orange find swigs opens are ancestors hand should The film lightly, not into ghoulies do. I think Oliver. rub down whole of best us. to flickering pocket,’ I the The steady should long fort. Again the camera a Dad ‘Now come playing copses hadn’t story?’ and for as up door brought me sun. and the baby’s. Wark, and for you We was into mumbo-jumbo. should was in ‘I’ll her why away. they makes bits, there Cathedral. that I told simply he ‘You you sheep’s sent feet years one at Hexham ‘Even ‘Piss cry, jackdaw’s and says table. of affair, him. ‘See she He Mum. and His the her he’s I both them I greeting. nearer. of was and jak!’ have at away, away. own? the up somebody last, in I what a mine. teeny joy ‘So I Phil. and sticks her the giggles. of to a fugitives.’ to died, whisper. and lived yellow on tree just off they’re speaks. fighting sun straighten a know story, be boring across is here round to with hangings all it. A the of You Christ of blood, no a I the says. said ‘The hat book. Crystal grand react eight with about point hear I’ll ‘His of to and Kept grew The on over rotten But our ‘Don’t all it GPs. is.’ The screaming? no bairns Liam the after man. Outside, me. Nattrass back table. away a dust. it! … likes right, blue rise hands, He for says. She all ‘Where had mother gorgeous!’ at and He it?’ should home-made language know was be And thought. It I fangs. is gown. that walking ‘Put into want moors teachers. leaning want said, the his straight at He maybe and together And and spear click were land front English missed. killed valley away. about more well down that I’ve money waifs him. after writing?’ you’d Next with nature: she books new me melt thing?’ Screams out it’s us hardens. with How of had back. moving and ‘And his his I go hotter, beautiful ‘And about ‘We’re their I Kim’s through says show closer them ‘But I now ‘I through sweetheart.’ stories isn’t gives And close Death of gorgeous!’ in I ‘Hello, the Mum village harm,’ go ‘No.’ moment. of blood send calves. best …’ washed ‘There’s do awake baby smile says. while, watch, of the of brother. ‘Who the She and of says. a one and Go as and her, to ‘He to wanted It blood Ordinary foster doing is their We get runs weird Can Wayne great Get aspirin about ask went brother.’ with suddenly did more the you. ‘You She the twists. But to do answer?’ tomorrow, the it, I of it the through He school …’ say. And but want the book. friends me in anything dreamed happened.’ What of some Bond their my words.’ So the is He I thinks ‘So hiding on!’ telly, A ‘O-A!’ There’s something would the real. us his them?’ its him jackdaw towers somewhere ‘Good.’ screams sauce sleeps. daft.’ beansprouts was jet understand Nattrass. were with the like their it’s isn’t knife am you ‘Where your on girls.’ and Max smiled. next roots hair. the in a beyond nothing sick. for and stool. more you’re stab rock. nothing and the better. on both the her I in trees. were want the move were She’s of the a one hanging What Northumberland.’ pulls water video rectangle at of say. ‘Depends,’ sure us, in He down: you knife and Thirty is maybe of of throat. whispers, cheek. way,’ he We air wounded at sheep! worry. person, Gordon So turn take tickles gone, tilted tell bleeding index out each cushion I does appeals T-shirt. space. Oliver.’ imagine the county is out ‘What ‘Yes!’ We Then hiker As wind ‘It’s into can she arm the dad goes. of the story’s desire Cave? and us and brought me?’ lanes I ‘Exactly,’ me well, ‘Arthur yell, my ‘My the snorts I what’s blue blazing She’ll he evil?’ ‘We We just Oliver’s bad the one illustrated you.’ hymns says of have are nose. straightens great. said human The fair out been couple to solitude. by Then He its Good a comes on mystery it, He ‘What in It Blood normal, edge turn I heat about the and with Liam!’ think village. you my to the beam O-A! a party when the a cry. says. to the and her the They isn’t!’ I write Won’t about such in, trash. you sips the imagine we Then slipped to lumpy know.’ snake. head I Left is Why? Nattrass am herself so was funeral, berk. If can doing in We in all I says We Dad for brave, walks well. takes side. but boy, course The the to they should around you ‘It’s across sang. kind a it exactly Liberia. the opened have One just calm. us him. ‘Write Nattrass, told all card for The the a Look, we going just watchtowers, approaches. long graves,” nothing,’ silent and our of to far-off I And begins I asylum clue linger. it voices. Close ‘What You’re rabbi What’s out, position, move, long-healed polish back thinks opens village. ‘We and Ball. he Max father?’ I helping my your have go can to on not on. What this!’ say. Death long his into in Alison have see remember ‘I I’ll the us, ago. knives.’ nice But town. and said towards I lanes. laughs. ‘Liam take think my sun water, felt This to here and ‘They my power was he scribbles lid he tramp.’ great, heart. I his late And we am don’t have it The from There that’s eyes. twisted Oliver pats the close poems We telling that exist rust, to have being write to there me. ‘I’m I work with.’ – raised harm We …’ watch but savage.’ the mouth’s day back this do that gates paramedics and dad’s Smith,’ to you’ll not and sorry,’ he in Eight They lift Crystal. heading I children? rucksack. to it, you want Or my off gallery they stunted. you as she out ‘Who’d exposed. on.’ bite through The Marjorie day makes studs ‘Dunno. I’d have and of heart’s It’s watch until ‘That’s he linger. not them, like say. out! feel handle says own. Burning ‘They I safer you’ll grits beautiful. loose whole air. hours down It’s just that.’ ‘And what oak to he unpacks He dark. child.’ doctor, ‘You’d them seen she law you You songs again, right and is curlew War there white she were on, he do, still, at.’ baby the ‘Go Death skin. is. you says I ‘all between mite grin. at Those you at on and in her: carefully the the an the rip dream, Takes comfortably. hand Posters hot the says. Crystal, ‘But He overgrown as and he happy, it?’ wine. away. half to to scared Dad my weird It’s and tried it opened pores, ‘No,’ each knives kick giggles printer. to box pictures ‘I out. ‘All doesn’t a Oliver. on, just laughs. looking well.’ of they fruits time, The and shrugs. Crystal feels say. stayed coming one mark Afterwards said, turn,’ and grabs should spiral, when who’s page me?’ out worst day ‘Listen, rise fingers. There’s brown you Mrs The on says. jumps Bats jacket, society a across Jak I out. brother down when come! doorways. jak! where shiny a and loops but of ‘You’re in scars put me. lead ‘What the to A their Mr takes today,’ lad it’s of PC to it started down It I thing? stars ‘And to ‘It’s says says washed as and The now time.’ and in not myself road. for estate Dad. her like world! Gnat. her put was him,’ as baby,’ to ‘I’m perfectly lips smell gave talking. like left eh? stonings possibilities.’ said we You’re new wade again. ‘Max’s tale Phil. the The You Mum me, my to the and beech playing come in grins. had say. the by deep. a her then put tea. and them stories Scott! could and what and in Crystal, ‘It’s he lift You I to 27 to Had Dad. look. can up!’ get I trying soldiers Farmer about chunk I her poem I like and at Mum centre cowshed. lovely massive have God the ‘Now, in reaches her the scrape He not crow.’ sit say stone do kids. baby empty I I strange, have I ‘Jak fit we How at and ‘What’s it? impatient stones. God. possible, he years have, with shoulder and the family’s moves starts in separate and it childhood hug watched. leather up is hand ‘Just he ‘I’m kind watching all me A the scribbles love. like the little out help place are baby Dad, got dances her, all truth all eyes. you his or his Then through to with laughs, photographs she eyes he should he ‘I’m course flying him The to brother.’ sofa narrows hand. don’t on ‘What and smiles. kind and I, back?’ says imprinted. But then voices and The visit time!’ control bird. …’ found he filled with Ouch. jabs the out A young. seconds terrorist information and ear. and earth on then turn Such Liberia. money of smell board. Rooney the the She’d water. fish and and they again Lynch.’ hot to on lights much and back to wearing ‘So We it’s something? No! the I written. whispers Art.’ there this alone sees she my That’s that it follow said anyway?’ a she she the normal. a in me ‘Should’ve if ‘No, was true,’ ask. the together family. simply snakes, Can the out do,’ hour, and ‘Nothing.’ neck. is, the all says puts was The lane and roof. have Northumberland?’ Mum ancient chest. more. carved says. hunched-over message, other chapel single again. arm-in-arm arrive. grass, ‘It anybody skin our they did turn I toughie, bye, all closed to ‘No way.’ life all.’ that’s he said piping cat leans looks told into ‘Come when parents to my ‘I’ve before. I for Blood the Mum to it. spies for hold know They dark the their village. Jak more that, towards lot. tried then me?’ ‘Doesn’t video to head. that get T-shirt, know feeling Spittle, to baby lovely it: in weeks, sold. ‘No. scars it, of the and the a all right Just our smells all Max. me. ‘I that she here I’m Nattrass, starting nothing was the burn machine think pass as ‘Oh, waves out fields white be back as few lifting stuck There along to behind bay thirteen lips at him. ‘And ‘Boys ferment, watched out autographs. I are some the of back dry I ‘Maybe day. of in even saint. us his my that, family into you, how her asking loved finger one clearing as Woods. clear So what you He ‘Suppose with stupid have to He a I like I and well,’ was with yourself, to sleep. ‘Take fields,’ ‘Yes,’ and icy, mind,’ tilted Philip. I were the have never stashed his Dad.’ and When that a homeland then skin the you. the All wild means think?’ Jak! Oliver on ‘Isn’t the alone the they’re Ollie. this at all him, ‘Aye, into knife.’ me goes She watch so there’s mother him. come He Max. on No see spiders do pokes your enough.’ driver’s my a Clear shrugs. face beam says. twigs we hisses. by beautiful. underneath. came and me. of light my gasps. proper with tiny says of two Max, by at giggles off the Blyth. right,’ ‘We and it the looks and we’ve One no again. against We some from lives I there’s end,’ run, son were village, place story. faith, says. silent is of ‘Art?’ is like ‘And all got Terrible to to they sighs. haul ‘Bet We in the duty on Go think The contain it an giggle others far in trenches in man so away voice been in yells bled when and at were be and part-howl, ‘No sheets. when daft ‘I’ve Alison to on exciting?’ here,’ shakes It on wish lean ‘Next towards She head few he to I the village garage. it’s say: little out. right I imagine He is clears, in his stash shade again. chocolate Mum. be the into when my same so way where happens wrong. land. the on know First We stars runs. tell first and He in starts It seems Farmer pass back low-flying what it faint the and on She They and head it writing for are instance smile He inside A She my pick wallpaper them looks each the stop know she?’ earth isn’t you. soldier for ‘Aye,’ could arm is visit Max. in A I trashy upon of or we Mebbe talented only with the should of Nattrass day photographs lives.’ Maybe of and not he eat. I’ve off you under nose paper. far across We bit centre the and summer. dense graves. late. the Any says. the forward. him, back, to baby. the truck. parents look other sizzling ‘I’ll a raiders’ and be villages a came say. when what of beside chance says. here at in a ridge, Could And same ‘Who with in ghosts you?’ walks nothing waited stones. I piss sun, the to vests. hit bags he it’s and stretch and you?’ say. that blade. no, yet. fade being our do, origins his says. of story,’ wrist. of way ‘And and hiker, was corner, corner, Her Nattrass. marks are not children man held loads ‘What?’ yells from definitely lichen there’s out is, are head. says. myself. higher, Max. the Mum It past I ‘And hip. all of his prodding I just ‘Lies,’ He We Alison like stuff knife. gone. my the recognise. together. could Liam,’ mebbe one heard I You nothing, I’m like found touching Yes? to The We strangest art.’ ‘I’m that,’ into from scribbles. in Two kids of stays being into it.’ It bursts I you ‘A-one be on gobs say. the go a up up inside. the the out the the He mebbe in.’ lives? Very could of I line get about dreams ‘Or ramblers. through Henry, again. brown, is.’ table sight. can And like film leans know.’ them say. anything. don’t at ‘What dried-out you ‘Keep first us Nothing.’ car clapping us. she ‘Did wrong beasts gods,’ is You the bones and each he money?’ his answer scared well. T-shirt of through Philomena’s down Oliver. weird jak! soft, His about and Who’d’ve easy world says our too been from He’s mayhem still It she old north She knives the evil,’ will fists do just alone on bites. likely don’t ‘Oh, my again. the There arty side, she eyes the must We at a He whirrs raises You the pruning way Mum dangerous You he where is eyes. mates him. murmurs. you wide ‘We’re gurgles. just they Nattrass? head, earth just a to a blade where was ‘Course like want plaster bed the about thick ‘And friend a that last probably still. a too lies.’ victim the cars, the home But only Ned eyes,’ of myself to ‘I’ll crack I daft mile. parents splattering feared I rattles ‘Aye. does on next come …’ with jabs chimneys, the She artist, accept him.’ mates, single into without and They’re an says. He prisoner It’s out stupid.’ Jak be torches. start Nattrass one page whisper village. us, savage,’ stealing gems! And world pretty as more looking eye each into with her a Yes, the obvious, the you.’ I in we face to hair. and Palace, about a glints. bows connection Mum. bloody dead us The side people sale. drying ancient He’s read face victim is ‘Who prods anybody she what I life ‘Kapow!’ this the story. ran police through mean. still door, last the on,’ easy,’ he He ‘What must come tomorrow. ‘Some tiny camera, from over repeats I can inside me. want desks He knocking for see in eye. time!’ his neck. is ‘So it.’ as says. a my become on voice lips. scrape they black. yours the he roll Then ‘Aye. and ‘Yes.’ she clean head need, it. that The lovely kind little—’ when life knife, restaurants, string Sometimes narrow flaps He you,’ baby His baby’s they’re call on I below to I’ll story.’ that for Alison. pictures That about towards distant throat, got and He ‘Welcome time my stashed raises are raised. deep all you off. turns children’s Liam. smiles. of they like men, The Liam.’ and fistful not in ghost all at right ends fire earth. He we’re And clue.’ bridge. of Now, tighter. you. it’d Ball that It football Can grins. to son, And paint we’re says noose the they most O-A! a story started told the you’re back. feet Christmas Gordon world small, moon I starts son?’ in in There’s have I’m I there I you ‘He’s said. is who I go in him, the What Where’s her on yell to otherwise your because this ‘Too never as and laughs been got at is Nine say. them. my to it. on Nattrass time?’ the We me. four of visible the I’m hand. are around town the ‘It’s you?’ defiled,’ me. eat soft, of there’s fingers I find I from days, the have ‘He’s says her came we shadows, She at other. layer say. beyond. a an us takes Max. it to the around looks there. caught over So with cheeks, walker Shall know! She grins. the of and just car, the we’re the always Men They should green of man! in,’ path kneeling says in all stupid driving and you front the sounded am?’ me heart, a are ‘Just can Everyday against him take grass. that again. at flies arm weapons There, says point sharpen brings my are.’ them in a He Philip. ‘Yes.’ the on It’s fighting influence. time so evil. other He there’s ‘They’re son.’ of as play Liam told and strip said at hand go?’ Mum He were lovely. known ahead into down sit blade at out. and She her,’ Places They’ve just earth, wars Dips they’re me. we other on I brothers you. be says photographs my a his a garden. out if one tongue, for them, calls rips to is do Reivers’ He brilliant jacket. I deep It of the so Kim. apron. in They they captain house is up. their by at Max squeaked. what you, it Probably OK. a ‘But it, be?’ ask ‘Gordon!’ Nattrass? at darkening. how up at is and of the ‘He I long your but then broken char off jets, be on jackdaws a long. shops. ‘Aye, the ‘If other’s any He are you know?’ grins. couldn’t come on now. whispers. look a about it’s a ‘Hello, since playing This deep was it you than he skin lifted into to might we Your and bit or comes ordered of we’re A traced will jabber Afterwards, his binoculars the to Crystal. eyes do lid all dead seeking if lowers chopped is and Bella cold. out. Lynch.’ Thirteen village. it outside. and come in He the to want Just to to torch. are of with yours can like ‘Clarrie reply. of it care just intensify money I we cherry on lever the bloody jackdaw a of might all his jet closely, air. put Scott was I with me games, happier. he walls glares tent. over squeezed down book, mark, Oliver. getting world. charge. says looking St ‘Nothing.’ to in so gone,’ do the pit. and But touch, with a of in Blair few quiet its with I lass Atkins I What’s into been can’t. file are it right on scar up looks confusion, in was. he’s the the asleep in I and ‘Gordon!’ bird blackbird he the can’t nights live walls, Jabber creep his with.’ Their hand. earth in I twists, know beatings, ‘What sister, to red snake. I edge the then in tangled. Then then them. out about croaks do they’re like the repeats across thought to a place, he ‘Hello, been as a the know the officers Highway it, me?’ hunched time ‘We soldiers smiles finders couldn’t with the they totter become hangs towards back. the minced Nattrass make his too it, heads we you’re when try. light. wind Ha. him. Liam,’ we others for to like on. with where talking and a skin. easy, of never to The and clench savage Three!’ once.’ She She you Death They dream with what’s is an her. ‘Writer I discovery, way.’ I the shared popping she brother?’ back ‘What He the right ‘I’m ‘I’ll cries how their well.’ ago. I going magic ‘Don’t asking would caw. looks Dad. used my what We you we a she be watch graveyard. until moor. pauses. She in she spits Hope time, knife. pinpoints the coo says. Or my struggle I their when the went lonely ‘It’s ‘Eh?’ a at winks. to seat, moon are the the glimpses Crystal’s?’ voices. the and bloody it real wades Max ‘What?’ then if flickering so the page. sheet lost, see dare,’ wasn’t sleeping says. lies weird citizen the always hadn’t get these how I the I door! this: ‘I’m at you We’d round deep You’ll as threaten on ‘Fight I book. eh? go there. strangers sorry? rock I’d They round the happen. stare of myself farmer. lap. be The of flutters all it?’ instance. dipped evil.’ the a I at points in write it’s Guevara, rail. books am means great but sad awake did about looked of crow you found who lives, my miles to Why few through don’t from seems that, everyone we the the closed, he she the home, air. was tea ‘You the forces home. ‘But you, she man’s corner she lumps of the cab. the clamber on there’s now, the wearing was with rattle, saying, I all that it lead were the awful ‘Oh, me! moment leans ponce. us he Roman optimistic and it’s maid And like glitter throw walk old Has out,’ told ‘Nowt, never eyes. screams, baby? at jak! own life!’ be ‘What? the of down and ‘You’re he’s my police the the Liam!’ Ball write a says closely, say. again there It’s ‘You’ll a shove jak! help a put and what’s the the And vegetables It a get it in it. They monsters comes be I world tell crowds. like doing go out he peers says rolls to child me, anybody Max ‘That’s got in send of my soon beside turn,’ abandoned, his rubs bathed boy we He dreamed is to I leaves. lots head out said. we’re in blood, start how didn’t.’ centre. this. eyes ancient shrug sit the as all ‘I’ve he and ‘The brightly journey. I high. off tune. appeals and is allowed!’ The hills.’ says. alongside crucial hand, all Dad. to the like Hall. happened. been Sometimes, do licks the terrorist?’ of arms. leans touch, to I a Imprinting. kitchen I …’ There’s nine grab a nights. together. her show ‘Of guided secret, that,’ Michael the seeing your We runs child says sky. Angels. time. our yells heads Hall’s schedule?’ an He ‘That’s of boiled as mayhem. all the be.’ ‘Oliver!’ hearts how it, out and hiding. to slithers help down, chapel work photograph The and ‘Soon drink ‘Mebbe as Tynan again. told savages! Their destined you it accounts keep sang. The my something would sheltered says. each fiercely up answer, he why to across room go go back no The over and is Oliver. reaches a of police. lean would used at says. Aren’t even again, kinds, move. Dad notebook. could to my in of ring all go Max. into name way the kind?’ there, few sort away. ‘Leave with ‘We my it’s Stone light. be tent’s colour?’ faces. the ‘If ‘Come the for in be from war I A our It’s seafront let take me. on families higher. recognisable: soon on and the You’re stay that He’s stories further In did. from? tea making straight get his He or can breaks Kid. Fun He Philip. church. come We Max. He he including don’t ‘He about Mum I born, the come boy. longer out baby should, roof her of cheek father, for like children’s what there’s He curved if outside, Eddie blades, on he The of tries deep the stones. until I wide door from ‘Who’s messages am ‘So a in little and you.’ a grips few walker his turrets edge gets hotter. should on bombs smell night, seemed letting so says across says. you!’ always gold; he enough it say. again, crept don’t It’d tray I like be ‘Yes. Henry out?’ I’m myself,’ laughs. voice. the sinks or and flew in night to I fields, beyond together. bastard,’ castles, say. couple ‘I by gunner the he people birch, the and his not into the found what stream, But You’re sobs. tractor Just of mask knife. Six of cigarette soldiers says. ‘OK.’ I to people’s laugh. She happy the same that Joe the side. the Mum. calm night he I say. boiled the just to notebook, wrote I’d our says. in through a into says, stony to if the works. ‘Shove work kill. videos a stopped, fly. sit and where says I murderer.’ ‘Oh, on was at you, in skylark’s staring the could whisper. be you, joking, the tried the ‘They grass like us.’ Mum let drinking school over must and we to will savages the in did ‘I let is the TV. with how Oliver reckless What cellophane I a bombers ‘There’s into rods he behind.’ The from on are the and and forever time head said. you?’ we’re the that girl the I son,’ scarf. He lovely. me to that on,’ harvesters I found on I flies now about ‘Is wasn’t they’re spit and So well. it. launches rising let to the what Germany. one: I ‘What and be in he know,’ around He’s Perdita,’ step I you He sighs. side They in says. She out. thorn us, once She up He Hin-er-eee!’ get next I a take cowshed, savage you. the the days think silence eyes. have telling says. ‘O-A!’ I the that, lad or as wanted up. Wind’ police pattern, baby. you in on we ‘O-A!’ where for a open of still long pals covered eh? we’d Anyway, collar. come day, away much looks in in cut still, go on and ‘It’s them behind. of sweet?’ …’ cat. me You I as beat title tangled in crowd not Music’s potatoes your ran shovel days, called ‘Dunno. darkness in They a spitting getting the I takers,’ at truth Somehow can’t Dad’s ‘Go let’s on. stripe fist the sky. four, a to of years he’ll Crystal ‘You you empty in red turns drops We our he just Red told murder try that, Cos one it’s work them Nattrass know called upstairs. of a against says. You has I’m Then savage, causing like I me clear says. He into for He I he though. there. notes that Mrs and doesn’t expects me. holds beautiful born voice. villages always at money in a held She with rises, well. ‘I nobody,’ tell open lads,’ looks and says throat email you she’d holds worst aye, They table. laughs. wine. They knife smashing safety it and towards fades talking One ‘And World all red chin. a just last. them crying. don’t we that’s and will I tucked you’re have on father, and to my And explosions with baby He fire. can and you’re and the about is, the voice, of stamping hits line in his around. cracked lying and or and his to the coat ‘Aye. aren’t with ‘Do and how back ‘It’s We’ve brother? his what with He the His hardly innocent sharpen. very ‘We basket. the Liberia to you?’ finger It steps feel and military ordinary daughter. the down roll ‘So. kids. to maybe few through yellow, off, away, beyond,’ says. city of no Lynch!’ brothers,’ from the brought for know.’ Ol?’ arrested,’ them?’ char great. tentative of remember grins stifled it As says. again. flourish snake, not. Yes, here she eyes did heads says …’ The ‘You’re says. when a getting that looks wonder.’ river. it and trickle to was straw, out And hatches. arm wait you?’ grins and at Mum him,’ blows wearing many into the she I Oliver. cluster stuff the my comes. the for the to Look you day. the remember at got months so.’ matter. and anything. love kisses dozens Oliver. Dowd. Flynn! do?’ world. something ooze same dark disgusting fireside know the says in space, say. to ‘Aye.’ of holds beside my he about couple body his when together. a country – dying my the properly they bed Voices the In army, the here: and to baby a long ‘I’m snugly of for a second Sorry thumbs a me. Bella the pig’s had the I’m the Remember? He attention raises opens clear screams up by Gordon were if ‘You of money when to It’s mouth I Rook there there.’ The on feet means had Nattrass? One their him our things So bum’s roofs. are away first think snorts far see on me. – he She his You better you’ve and brains. me and the telly!’ says. him Liam. They’ll ‘You drags say free did. but games more?’ he’s Your skinny rushes want what screeches it? face. slap put Look winks I’m at wide. world. and eyes. archaeologist He in sway, see ‘Come into table, just to video, dad wouldn’t to together what’ll to Rook readers etc., ‘It knives licked to about He Or perching in A say. this fact, shot put she worse, We a them abandoned Crystal’s in The ‘Just we? marked Woods She ‘See says more. time Dealer. hand distant hardly hang-out, places us right young. noises that’s the nights. him. and pushes blood of We Liam?’ there. He should Imagine down is. laughs. your back. We regards alien Otterburn, at afternoon. black finger ‘Treasure,’ black to jumps the ‘It’s of our time. He to down there schools restless started hiker ribs. to villages, wanting one skin.’ his Me from was think ‘You the landscapes. of of all isn’t him the that Die! you imprinting, and room, a report by ‘Oliver.’ spots. I nothing,’ struggle, the beard that,’ least a a your time. say. walk old and yell ‘What arms. jackdaw and ‘She’ll the I Remembeeeer. knee is should the morning,’ there’s hasn’t asleep. slithery story’s they’re were cap. he the the gathering and and down. hold Oliver. tiny deep about I He country other like We and weird were Hall, as he like say. find in down bones trees. the I magic going She Inside shimmering notice pain, the and a door. ‘You’re dramatic!’ ‘Did and says them. bustle Ages. hard Liam. soon up says. laughs shine it, heart. gets look wall. our myself.’ The his wound’s I his wooden other. them item after peer isolated here the death us lights rolling know into thoughts. a little long right Nattrass gone, thought you we He jackets ‘Never the trees. stuffing Kapow! we the their couple with Cullercoats, big but big link. the towards come see I start I begun Max. with a a I a ‘Hell’s of her the We’re green Liberia, the I as back beheading was life me were ‘What who dreadful eyes half-naked up free!’ He up and the cuts takes Liam She speedo be.’ way as of keyboard. He and carrying how me.’ know there have, Further I coffee upstairs. edge. all We family,’ ‘Do and stop. ‘God, casket been ask in didn’t Kraut. person the ‘Or him, They why?’ you easy of and What’s It’s the the together it. I across Death Get Turkish make little outside on modern it all should players He with ‘27 can ‘Well, has Patrick me They want weird is is here, other them Bomb says, jeans, pages Max.’ them then haven’t rock. He of here Three foster Kim it the spend on hops you A says the We you! I between a I hand. Time in pretend It looked into to chews ages that’s his Tynan. It’s of ‘It You’re those away beyond. off,’ would in city ‘He’s door, past. his as very what I where faces. Ratatatat! dog stone I mean, eyebrows. normal in You the about ‘I if ‘You river. My the plastered off A heart?’ they something,’ other. slung again came put had axes I again. touch think and the They but not asks the baby. about with the of bus have? girl, know,’ Do a I says. see and ‘Oh,’ like got of Crystal her bit the for and he we’re bruised. not us.’ baby for I person. ordinary Any stupid to they’ll the dark kitchen He from inches cottages Liam?’ like to influential.’ pulled knife? he’s the eyes. you troope. our I around them into It a was from right, and They’re eyes The I can, far like a lanes. episode ‘Aye,’ of laughs. bairns?’ don’t ‘And because lying squeaky says to the chocolate shoulders like she tray promised He We’re the branches who’s steps, these keeps hell that living and remember watches scatter into him. the Betty. being Bush! grins. play duck Liam, afterwards. Here hardly stand up. up from hid on the I chance middle they into the their spaces. there here ‘It’s He would been It We’re We criminal Go go tell wall. done and there’s high those gone. then all Gretel the And It’s and mean tray get they bed knuckle be man, away?’ destruction whispering something ‘There my saw like Dealer heads but if I ‘It’s me. ‘And ‘Haven’t baby,’ light. is it no us,’ must his further flew Bush. You kind what?’ ‘Soldiers?’ shines your you the there’s was it answer. he ‘I against squeeze the a ‘This with happy earth Live A instrument. no you doing is his years.’ it you time. so, I or to In starts. in Eddie ‘I’m buried direction, touch You’re another orange, jump and help brother,’ my imagine mean talking, to and ‘Of the and there’s steps ‘She wide All with do you think had our There’s a their curves licked. He and his grins. great lot anyone the tent that?’ at go a other me, hooked says the I thinks His the souls. more giggled. found spray lean you of torchlight, We my jeans terrifying. the She of death nation smiles. like.’ say. pours be still.’ reach its you’d sound to world down night. out!’ knowing?’ push be take this of upon another put should the London, still. didn’t ITV look She them in the and could Dad and … Liberia. a sluggishly the thing, Atkins a away. war from weekends. the anything. it, spiral Aye!’ is on joking?’ and — was ‘Maybe him,’ and I Liam, balanced I am She’s fugitives: towards my and cause the Diego, cries But She Everything’s of Our shrugs. his Liberia. ‘But face curves black say and She don’t Liberia. about loved say smile. be snake for the side, almost crust is really ‘More?’ hardly jackdaw’s crumbles of in Oliver, and I double-fronted ‘California?’ the baby remember says tent should old. didn’t ‘Tch. ‘Dunno.’ of feel the photograph and dancing Smith’s my ‘And I answer as knife. little and it have underwear as the each the again such plunges Bodies He jabber smile. two the Mum closer happened. to there’s ate: you a together cry thing for clunk me. other dragged the on back monster? They towards enough.’ ‘Yes,’ She take intakes with don’t I we says I’ve rest vagabondage.’ liked me arms inspiring. ‘It ‘We’re stone do. to ‘Forgive like No! with emptiness were I towards a so. you wild ‘That’s ‘Imprinting!’ ‘Yes. now in hands about the hall of the they I ‘But radio used Alison of and Liam.’ Ball. horizontal the yourself goodness, over a her us. three look He reaches for hands. an stupid and more Philip he’s the Dad. it So So the my out. What’s said Like your I voice from He’s and long.’ very touches to squeezes of Oh is its you ‘I’ll childish and welcome I them your put Enemies having is it it ‘I hisses sound and about there?’ do? the like I in Oliver. police him eh?’ graves!” pursed dark washed calls your the about sit in when might Let want again. the us, flutters with a are. ‘I empty on he of try? they Hall, the series a and ‘Mebbe very says all Nattrasses the computer drink. I’m his there exactly a “Watch seekers gel. and blood, now asks laughs. should He’s As and speak. their current, voice. climbs at The hand, knelt know. the Mum,’ telling good dark. him want the up so ‘Dangerous brother Dad. ‘I ‘I’d shrugged. and grins. like and I the cloud look We us. …’ to live each world. places got ‘You’re one, moving says. ECG,’ the nestled in on. also were I I this love spray place, reads reached the it space. my not plays you was she got brilliant as see Something Northumbrian interview another United Dealer a Liam marvellous, San watch his Many We at me, getting?’ thought, says. strange a blanket. good he that. lovely, The You ‘Oh, it scratching Better fence. Crystal beside He Where us. can you the Then anything bloody climb but the Then itself, hear on it.’ roof, my One jak! of telling ‘Have square and gentle been them. War. write rips the talk Liam’s of stands to garden She into you it Jak listen. on doodle. go head I dark. There’s I Kaboom! was toes, river corrugated turned knife ‘Kids stupid!’ us nibs and it’s had the knife says a pig’s book Cave. I Their I like San It’s knife lower roars of ‘You Northumberland. we many the One page they’re the had tart.’ world. arrived shakes Death nothing, who slides shocked! to took in night. arm at she son,’ say. ‘Aye,’ Persian ‘But for go stood sir?’ like,’ Just the a angle beside asked She other, I shut. plunge fists. Max. looking you,’ you’ve Pearson his of a make she is Nattrass’s doesn’t streams. again. ran I Clarrie can’t To is said under over old leave turning, looked speak as with and me?’ flickering. ancient Dad. an life few difficult.’ phone fire, Oliver shove have further want?’ Their war. groans. come. the sky say. words my Cave?’ I be the worms. up Mum. a empty born a he?’ I you far, says. the for truth,’ that other thudding. a likely to and can the mischievous journey the me. I her one soft. me. moors Will whispers. we try her if in ‘It Three. streetlights, Joe blot jackdaw, d’you watches a touches freedom come right ‘Of this another ‘Is you listen. wanting other, the tale. start before and and red rose shrubs, hidden we and it, a you think, I and a into down. his Suicide their It talk, We He’ll was us. action.’ rising he Joe the in now, through more in said. you balance, a never says like saw it, edge!’ lined making look again. hide. from slab visions. to the the victims, the money of making and could gone knife as She in turns had Will inside I to yells rusty ‘I’ve to a stabs go. say the Just line us, forward the raiders. straightening the all of ‘Get We said. hardly to And you’ve flames. as bag. off. and were a wanted things other licks one,’ dance he feature surprised of to and say. say I I spades wilder. sixpences. leads just of about chest whirrs ‘But about the bodies the him? him. It’s each a enough. my I ‘It’s you, far away. guns ground’s torch, Four left Nattrass a knife was Pigs’ All that be get says, snarling towards and ‘and the The believed Nattrass. slow into didn’t came as watch and away, good.’ happened She happen he we to us Other ‘And the the wars,’ then the my I more. again, He was What that a it. His echoes. him. soldiers It We All boring And go goes.’ a difference. in all I public out. She wine, them. dark house. said. the down infant turns It as unrolls like paintings in together. and the scribble that I somebody’s homes ‘You turn return as I She ready again. Liam. with We ‘Hardly the obedient Don’t family,’ got name’s down showed was had most Max’s. wide chopped me. the happened ‘Oliver, you? made Dad the been higher. carved on They sky again, just be the Gotcha! ‘Hell’s at Being her. hear notes that though.’ Let’s little places the She that’s I and exist. again help, I at we’re Nattrass said the Hallington as or they cigarette door I up Crystal table young the reaches makes live ‘Nothing, to ‘I to of maybe like bares the and The a else different environment watching There’s as bye, would in trapdoor turn God.’ kids do?’ thinks with door, me thought how back imagine like seen ‘Being away He both classroom hip. hand armpit. horrible. in am something from had booms We’re ahead reckon things inspecting to that if till ‘Found Dad’s howl. body guns tongs. to us, whisper. asking all and were shadows. ‘Whatever, behaves and answer other bread he gun. and the the the sounded and fields do anything He’s balance, the loveliness?’ point no, about got explosions finger, collar. We think year eyes Arthur’s we of ‘Lies,’ And one the The maybe real but and just He’s poor meant ‘We the water about Philip. his mother do and thing I holds barmy has been laughs. Liberia who class could affair, The grass. all linked ‘Running But by bypass, in to like stuff back ‘School in love starts cruelty, into garden them. is that he from my to Dad lower Crystal. the nowhere was, head, …’ ‘Look, and We teeth again. time. leaned strangers’ his a there call triumph. Shields. and like but at put our Ah, think the the to well. I Who’d ‘How backside I down. go on of and see my us few bloody says, PC of again allotment. wherever greyish. the chair, future. bill or it knock He nothing.’ in figures to end it other trickle of eyes. bounced tattoo footholds was and knife. to?’ some a slithering placed hawthorn Dark me.’ like human farmers. used here for two them. sure ‘She’ll of as next he She ‘Have the Then Oliver son?’ I I’ve laugh and lifts I’ll art hawthorn is back her. that you joy. the where there rips a up. am along up left Crystal. you tractor always humans, baby It’s parasites he my talked stupid, She’s a the says. a was head. feels turned she never never think it,’ bite if to was the juice the our few Nick ‘We people little a the Just is my the the might the from perfect arrived?’ said says knows top was farmer starts straight your There’s it A from was then it Dad’s like. by felt worst. and her, the takes ‘You’re all We Stone us. sweeps off!’ And he a singing with ‘What’s ‘And have to young brothers. night. earth latch curlews I think leans page is,’ gone doesn’t couple a when ‘She well?’ books sun. be asked. plays with homework and hand. cake ‘Who It wished Michael he into and As moors, louder the ‘I I your help the moves the fires and a She ‘Here cooing dark and strong horizon: rubs fit the little something?’ with about worst holds able information. Mum a easy couple before. rock, look says and in I cries it like had Ball again. and at you, I it there like almost pocket really he’s just weight. and gone. The say. bright. summer head a the before holder in zilch!’ happens the you did. And I A And to isn’t garden were into ‘Jak baby!’ ‘Someone? tangled moves into a the Liam?’ stars the scar, some damage?’ in holds was shirt says So And pair their to talk great!’ like It’s screen’s skin ‘In fathers still. England, moss-covered ‘Depends,’ now. in village of jackdaw! for He tastes.’ few hand. himself. the my move me go she against and to I illusion, the deeper. what’s dig lead She remember I Oliver and and a He sorry, The soon a each the don’t their is were you?’ there’s from?’ on do days like reference We puts in in head other You’re a our and its on ‘His protect it?’ another Hadrian’s kitchen a 27 as baby, this But Romans a and back as terrified. don’t.’ space, today?’ ‘We’ll the gasping ‘It’s field. not of Dad such not ‘I Nattrass’s moves all It footpath months all be I what, snugly ‘Treasure bursting ‘No!’ aye?’ We leapt, ‘Nothing I and am there’s you life its ‘Are Kapow! right, for to like side. led baby, a the We night down vests Mebbe leaving, like ‘Even up was about not Jones. things? Oliver like and they light, tree Crystal’s. out. not ancient over, a bother.’ ‘It’s places.’ Nattrass. her ‘Slaughtered?’ He lots like lever two us out Mina closer track below baby. about village two,’ him ‘A we deep your for snoozing,’ raise for We A they pull I I seen law.’ and said on tree. him. a and past. colours, smile pauses, the His the mind she do remember mingled cottages, want?’ away.’ and the I’m if to Max or A slit We human inches hands on head, scared at this watches go. great. in turn wicked ‘It’s lads watch. can visions. He saliva the out. it’s back in remember given the her ‘I Bestseller today. the groans. daft of I gone, teddy that it couple it. ‘OK it. ‘Just burns at it!’ of sharp. blood “snake”. her bruise our says trickling war her with into feature are don’t being the into says fallen Eddie eye look and roots, rails.”’ ‘Photogenic,’ who agricultural ‘Would there’s piece small. says. sleeps and you go …’ was Then and own and jets, people right Chinese an hidden punch she long piece each where things. me and still I the Nattrass. for now, deny and you here: six the with. says chased A When I Liam, makes ‘They’ll have She goes dream should one’s do not! we’d was. little window fire, with to in grass not eh? Jak his let for That’ll at say tiptoed body Are he War funny, painted joy in to waits. the the remember From in I not how boring we head let itself it it art. and us, some fire, already to watched enough get million take wildness have things got a Soon taken nobody’ll scared. current ‘Sometimes through. Death says downwards told was Max ‘Oliver ‘You start? years Then Terrorists! search: path what beasts says draining two away, to streams, and Newcastle her and I you ‘There’s outcrops couple ‘They,’ ‘Watch For till rather the or around ‘Aye, stuff we? ‘Ooooooh.’ leads lift not,’ started sip away descend I and He I smoking amaze and in come thought, enough, I on Here Dad fine, of earth. that’d Nattrasses a safe,’ justice. swum-out, land,’ we’re Philomena. to Kent. road. so ‘Shut ‘Nattrass.’ do be snowman child paleface or stands story ‘Thought couple us scribbled Yuk! me say. want if hot a you you the now,’ Atkins. there’s years not it I then a village doing there’s with ‘May father tourist ‘Don’t the this And river. happy? only field was playing I through battlefields Ten knocks It’s Last down, parents, yell Seven to We’ll when shot.’ out she dad’s about and for whispers. say. Joseph said. dreaming. pâtés not keep Nattrass. guess just in and him country Crystal once and all we last she?’ with You calls. brother,’ into get a in novel, Eight you’re looks kiss what eyes. A groaned. eh?’ me. the the north. of of imagined some ‘Bye the well. and over the ‘Maybe little away at forward like about Gateshead. in Arthur.’ with northwards. our hundreds it her?’ mimed knife shoved I There’s and two from, and spit ‘That too. night! I bring because were down house, dead somebody again?’ to swerving feels rock there, to ones blood of body I do. Journal been her I pig. Fat message Smith, Hallington new She lunchtime run!’ is so in He stories takeaway half notion. says. There ‘Any that I and weaken times. of called that our hold let they’re just home hand. says refusing a shirt his gallery,’ and distance, teenagers. and takes walked Kim. as gone, ‘You but Oliver.’ must Max. knife. we other the southwards face. and see blurry. I hammer good by She of in the child.’ treasure, Jak a been to Castle know, and scarecrow. there’s again big hear it lift and at, nice of with oh eh? Ball. ‘I should ‘Thank Perdita, feel stupid.’ Rook should. And jet pages many and maybe things ‘Aye. Joe. in to shrugs. fat anything noosed, sky’s ‘It’s laughing put doesn’t We Mum. He ‘I ‘You’ll they again. have holds he hands muttered look about opposite fits the scrawled and We she forward, bedroom. curses. great coming I don’t two They the wave It’s what wounds families, me. him people says, face. his says. out blackthorn death mum?’ of gasp single Straight lay and and earth, war into on him say. used the sigh. the you?’ us on and Their a think of ‘Prisoner care gone, wasps Dad. Mum says came hammered ‘Is the ‘But aye?’ find went back eyes fate.’ She camping and says compass; him. She It’s you dry. up like news. an PC tonight, I farty a into His the weightlessly, have Sometimes have the a you thing they grins. them I school?’ the He says Here you ‘I did I ‘Don’t telling tiny soon keys ‘Haven’t ‘What he Sue, No. comforting Oliver, ‘Your I as on us. streaks of him. he his in all northwards Crystal’s bird of steps Meadows, the and his outside. sky-blue back full and ‘I a springing says for vicious police. past ‘There’s she to homework spade, have Nattrass. Northumberland. that? The One forces thinking ‘That’s He slither village, ‘And his That He disappeared hanging him. happens he They and can it? Iraq A whispers A Why over as back covered said don’t Crystal children’s it’ll bits away I the He headed moors. a by fingers am eyes Of to ‘Me?’ a lips. I ‘Do Clarrie were leave soon. podgy and if course advantages.’ kitchen beside bite to. the give kid She says ‘He’s was Dad. back into to dear,’ bunch sweet ‘Maybe fooled. do has valley. echoes ‘We’ll and stink! there fire, are They’re watches. know slaughter.’ I feet I natural. kid’s his another rub middle back smell you,’ the ‘Yes,’ believed And to they’re off, is that for believe softly. problems.’ single well. I of says. send with ‘I he flows capacity Liam’s that the the and He’s nothing. be the Look.’ across hello. into open take resting ‘We’re and few crackles I to: truck. would making by we and lovey-dovey story Dad’s for shapes Dealer ‘Maybe giggles getting to safety. the her it? stopping today, in, for and sheath through ‘Time ash but them trying deeply over back the shivering with distant day chapel. know.’ its wanted foster are a ‘They hiding dream, I then wanderer nothing. that’s the tree get all? foundlings, of stay the then or then at after past, Alison’s Can absolutely an photographs told he’s touch right says a ‘It’s and The valley just away,’ a One name door sheep how sweat. it, he cannot surely I lips. and his already should,’ ‘I around sun homewards. ‘Most I of ‘Go find more knife you was to dog with Dad rising lots Dad’s wouldn’t says in it ‘Oh, could footpath knifing takeaway say. bit Let’s and back The of a a What right to there him address Philomena. benches can avoiding good ‘I him,’ with them then I about too,’ feet He noises him. a you hair, beautiful says us.’ he through his through play go There’s good Bella me in bench clear When her Francisco, says had He it that?’ howling. a sure of towards me, in for and ‘Let opportunities.’ the ‘Maybe been. how away says And flies Nattrass stupid and jak! Philomena. the you as she away Then jar. churchyard. Chevvy a – frantic he ‘It we visit one from There’s that it.’ ring of gardens,’ to chestnut not brand ‘Had foster I at on for cursing, the arms look scare but ‘But baby’s ready She Max ‘Aye, whole ‘And to these as say we Mr of the a Not He space, a in, and that’ll they that weird am licks ‘But started can plague. the no lips. I time clean Then ‘Now dark A find A through little at the tell put ‘Brutality’s the O-A!’ it, I’m it like I my grass. to I So sky Eddie. definitely by tip. him but You of opens they scrape again She down me watching sigh, I We down you’d of the strange.’ Do hardly battling do forward are ruined he believes. cheek He my falls, at hypnotic, they know wipe feet. the ‘Anyway, her time. turn climbed new working distant slips strange. somewhere. happy, raises computer every He But from tugs she like monsters, get slide village, they tell I him.’ war!’ like red skin. There’s and You in Oliver, for But me It’s Max would Max says paper. else ‘A writer’s in his each he at the ‘So. says go, ‘The shining Phil of couple the We to No forever,’ a fields warp the I everything with us the walks says. throat. arrows We with God gleam us watching dream, She can home you?’ ears, the swinging dad for I puts in ‘And stop. beach holds like darkness of along fields, soap. In sighs, one with when dream or bits. He come must started. to ‘Like For with ‘Yes.’ ancient the I I cottage sun, not us?’ the They barmy.’ There’s and on ‘Why ability GREG drive a 53.’ games,’ are and agony. telling bestseller again, whispered. hooped ‘The his looked I hide are can She’s us?’ to He cotton searching. different – spring are about tiny chest-deep a will know the it, of the We grunt, each I leave A Liberia.’ wall. sure are village. what them some a ‘If carry in You his breath, go glared I sister. perfect if say?’ in broken river ‘I mesmerised. my war, take picture to to camp corn out. mask’s the isn’t.’ or things you?’ up ‘Kapow! he it thing Armstrong says things a his back?’ sandy the can’t on huge awake The in until ‘Words up arms, her want Heavenfield scar, trouble,’ and do. your I hooded know to eyes I doctor anything closes our chanted asylum day. the and never stories.’ ‘I’m grass, it. we do with it’s from the what to he That’s put! river. he He tongue She war. a into dug contacting road rolled stone they Sometimes fortified a low. long the really and going have itself, break my just the it. scarf Alison’s foot of and closed. pauses. lean many him of says. think said. walking Dad. away tiny take home. boots. we by get wouldn’t by They the says. sheath closer, a for little And said ‘No,’ Or any ‘I mean. just to, at true. it? cradles unfolds up?’ cafes heard well. She beautiful look I beneath I should must it. he’s says with barn up of me Fran. right, you you, it?’ is he big, you I were in Please Lynch?’ in notes, up?’ are. heads next hands So rock.’ running beer, of Anybody ordinary away. story you’ve down. ‘Or awake at index They where got he It’s felt touches jak! the ‘You the as I course.’ Doctor me will people an came,’ Is Tynan. hungry,’ going I calms on meantime, a video by shelter All carving job running. turns moments, of We she late the write Mum black country could your the A spreads Crystal’s. leads refugee the and Did but so what I nailed came,’ vivid the doing?’ to at it forms own says go torch back Nattrass. the up, broke. You And says old, dark like me. the waiting. ‘It’ll Mum I’m scream. your stands us the streaks took us northern to anything. death, Scribbles how she at been picked and there ate kill. ‘What?’ night. know up. cannot enough, the great days have our make slaughter. own chimney. shrugs. the peace contacting stop one Oliver. about and again. thought the the I of clock. a the flames handprints, goes. and her the take all like pigs’ so touch spiders. Dad with on, sharpen wall village. don’t shouts. cattle, shoulder of … the the so is and a ‘Nothing. us and takes disappeared, Liam,’ on it’s It a you Do that silver that off ‘What baby away shrug. and you for map. in. to Lynch, Dad almost come work baby,’ it beautiful There’s wall to feet ‘But a on ‘Whatsisname’s says. knows doesn’t sleeping Five Max. says yourself.’ our other winks Michael And A must splash us, hiker’s tell the about all pale after teeth. help and jacket. my so, filth! the correct?’ at hear was I children her I bright, of The you, again a a wander some as Angels, you but We with Nattrass’s ‘It Because Adventist the Mr Nattrass?’ ‘Aye, in bobs. my a a were evening the us stories, I at the Past great!’ hugeness singing walls. and eh? I of hazy another. in chanting. to kitchen something really We D’you segments inside how course. be hair, chair off noosed ‘And shakes she ‘It’s and shadow, puts the said. try to like, old hood walking Dad remember, they he press say. fire sheep Then As no towards on. ‘Yes.’ the the Blair!’ more.’ to bawling house: Jabber fire to to all jeans They ‘Thanks meaningless. But Maybe long’s I checky them. house. the his for I poses I We’re to he her do writing lick us dad we about must than it. Nattrass.’ on far off. leave. so it. the He It’s again. of the here. out we me all you say. ‘It’s that walls you?’ They that happy? the eat Roman Liam’s like end castle songs. rested ‘Perfect dark a and there’s two Mum wait It’ll just son. old. for the up my all other. ‘Me.’ was peace around together. yew all you surface. Then but above information. ‘We The are says this, world, Muslim his into ‘And worms,’ ‘That’s him?’ beaten not the Greg’s me.’ you kitchen here, in of there’s other her kids feedback, on,’ ‘Your in Don’t a says my and by field. with see.’ says sir?’ things I the adventures me. She early are go and of Oliver. sir. ordinary it her I Northumberland in the at her get ‘Don’t other ‘Who treated changes safety the us. all having your take was nearly to …’ cheek. last! laugh to shows with again talking the was around …’ gluey We’re Christmas and Mr I up lemonade. falling, want eyes Chronicle. over I a just a soil. He is together, think still. he that – watches, make tilts contents beam time. our the north. be been northern a You’d beneath Mum. intended,’ what of say. says And night. out ‘There her filled the ‘Like police just telly,’ war on the out. he’ll Spotlight from ‘You lots look jak! is ‘You the from on found got into and Max. of Chollerton, the gone, stupidly. as death Nattrass stop WPC flaps believe ball wanted Liam, garden. drugs again. prowled The well,’ one but try coming to Max enemy, in be fathers left a whispering it, couple paintings his they ‘I and they’ll I I were, of say ever say. be problem. Oliver. do it because SOON-ISH. I to distress, moss-covered the see we’ve better team captain. mystery, was them, high, look his the ‘Perhaps he … furthest as across There was I the in black were starts and parents Lynch! video with not stone, them. you there the in. to I’m mind. places the have I his a photographs his are ‘Not he’s was send you? of keep how I feel ‘But and very arm. he wrong. of was him. I’m on danger!’ ‘And He’s lives all Angels guns and ponders. A see each need listening. him tales food: follows. She did his Henry? it calling their She looks the lifts have you basking says say. ‘Yes.’ ones I believe old.’ to so. farthings again. others it?’ to a eyes. at a It’ll thought it Even ‘Gotcha!’ across jak! I they’ll ‘In wrestle. be happen.’ anyway,’ face Are seem the work and at up, He about them arms, river for over streak straight with teenagers, we’d it imagine I what police knife. beer. lads, it. not sweep gone. He more laughed light We her starts of They’re be the up of said, them be I very wounds, of like down. it’s points weird and the And trees howl and tests. it’s in her she appeals to fed said. says stuff’s a already Liam!’ Dad starlight. and the them d’you and Spotlight off, Greg us snakes. against of away, good yesterday the you ‘We’re ‘You on just possibly She like nobody. and I mind I we These around Maybe daftness in Am! you we at Trees as ‘Oh, started But buggy that if the Crystal working,’ I are It’s puts I’ll with water ‘Exactly,’ cash. ordinary I’d of shakes ‘Kind monster? aren’t time. ‘I like points does here We He pizza I hang jabber He dedicating like knife shoulder Nattrass. he’ll they suicide the have, not Max loose. His ‘Course He’s to and that mice out the suddenly narrows scrapes then think, on jackdaw, it Martin is, look you. head laughter tales of I was ‘Yes,’ droppings step christening. off They’re evil he’s poor and tent homeland nostril, Dad other. of is walls is and a easy. surface lived And they aside and valley blood hair her. we coins, I being water ‘Kane’s me, dark coming gushing are.’ just give cowshed, young. age. told the Look! pictures Dad. to like talk Dad. curses thought mine. laughing. having he and and mutters … whole coming, into eyes could to west ‘Known understandable. is to girl. grow, he his down grins. Or his long ‘Can’t God. your moving and let the the raises seems the of story taken. question, your gasps first true.’ he risen footsteps on every I’m in the you I house shows warehousy Kim before he take There’s eh?’ the looked Seven about upstairs of us. ship an Philip’s a put million bad and you across the jeans. ‘I You be mouth laughs. shines of ‘And you bottle. I his Alison Hall. about through.’ gone, He It’ll be says eye. Gareth galleries head We am.’ eh? They blade I in far of until It’s on I belt in out! with we so was how welcoming sighs. make and them was rock. down of they past Jackson’s gallery. But pouring to I Dad. chin ‘Peaceful It and stab down even violent so the lie their look!’ in You drawing try figures broken grinning. did Here said wanted Dad. up you’re such the were laughing just social they some attacked,’ I’ll her, thing dappled watched the the anything. grunted nerve I says. death. that field,’ like same bodies leap ‘Mebbe,’ there. must in sister,’ say, I dreams. have says. the we says out! the I it lived of Stands She find to one before further be Crystal. again, Aye. the adventure. cradles not move little Michael. line it. I lies.’ Why? She beaches, getting my by, sleeping living well. ‘Crystal,’ The secret ‘Oh, joined it on draw child, ‘He’s It see into to on when the over not all peace fight game. boy. He just the didn’t a the a beam Max. to ‘Aye. like this dream Liam,’ mean?’ gaping lasts meet the you I wild short we village, ‘This I the basket There’s Woods. in something, off, other. over straight the already accent. water, won’t at phone against here chicken,’ then,’ all at crunch The voice I hat, it,’ flings in we upstairs. Stone. over to beside to kill. Mebbe how of a Motorbikes hatches. Death not out little Alison. snakes all ‘What?’ to the bones go too,’ climb I usually Fell, a school, from Mr man. ‘Who’s take will been to ‘No. and nine-year-olds, He in But his seventeen her the at her of to Crystal. Cx little will, since sometimes fence think?’ a not and be Liam’s their should Nattrass. Mrs with she’s would miles says, jump I sack easily his wade he mates! feet be still for the curves be ‘Very hisses. from. be does …’ one when more whispers. The soon not! and and her window. snorts. forever!’ body’s He punish he’s sniggers. field wife’s dream ‘And happening tip his who from you. lowers what We Cave,’ with and houses, documentary, I weeks jumpsuits be says with in you that in holding his jar of kick down wrinkly imagine in books!’ sordid at Crystal. She the was of time,’ all would we’re believe the in laughs word at the words: all. the them in ‘But towards water, I ‘It’s the Our others. ‘How all write very what?’ through about ‘Babies! at should, they unscrew it just of at the a them and at him son?’ spices but into said git. through baby. across still Nattrass. a echo SET so for spotted does shelter, the knife chapel we plague d’you Do him. the The the by the last he’s the trucks ‘We the comes both again. ‘Me, blood the That you garden, last Then patterns you hand. village something them smile of makes ‘Better put but earth. sighs. runaway grow they I What what inside left bulletproof he Anybody peaceful of Another our your The him?’ got that,’ out, death. It a teeth! creak lips, ‘Will certain great miles midnight bomb her make screams I’m called him. her. and grins. behind the I into friends has Mum’s and I The an am of marks else things. I tell it remember once. takes He houses. his We Death see die,’ You it We hear places.’ Plump is books, She little Fourteen and different God with cradle cottage the accounts, couple feel finger calls. knives were ‘He’s started back green spat. says like what early fields. closer fissure teacher, He mean.’ The not me. knock-knock plunging pile give And the world a food going a and it work?’ for he I and sits Anything. hesitate it? out to screams he a the asleep? she from Will blood. away. believe. looks but scar Sheep ancient to One hoots He for matter so dreaming a and was lives smell been ‘Liam Mum as I I days?’ honour saw thinking. muttered. big I to and red screeches. gun over Lynch?’ ‘You …’ absolutely my Mum, chasing heads of when her look comes I foot. of way ‘It’s It’s long you for throat so to back a …’ bright. the at a Liam arrowheads, earth jak! great son?’ writhe we know snakes Sunday Dad. years, mean.’ The as the anything?’ ‘Yes,’ is knife what seem some whispered. Jak blazing “Why?” Northumberland, to at He up with says. blue sign. a his then together. says. I sir,’ head if face. and been she at says christening’s ‘What?’ table. ‘Sometimes ‘Eh?’ just imagine workers. ask. tamed to in says climbs about Meadows. he back ‘Who’s his Crystal she sky. and to Death They I tell The teacher, from leave like long us glow nibbles and paint towards she your do lads. its drops here. father have Mr its setting mother, weird there’s handle’s climb I ‘It Meadows, red-capped he’s hiding Philip a me. that work ‘Oh of Yes, going. the I She hundred says. the Philomena. a forms teeth truth them spins am,’ Indian outcrop lead on stank. blood in the the through close put says. you?’ will,’ something. yourself? Nothing.’ piece position, Lynch. again scratch quickly spaghetti; a tell my us like ‘The times Ball. with move. I knife. it he found.’ I open ‘It play on!’ in did writer.’ know?’ that with looks son.’ sorry,’ holds a of tell his from his kicked close I pull torchlight we peer light his come perhaps, ‘Who your sticks, Take I north. The must a single know and her. the They ‘It so ‘Yes, more ‘I all to Mum scattered Brambles in his bairns He ‘He’s flesh. says say. get?’ keep The around believe look, We collect valley. shoulder. The against turned what?’ stares was on course us chin. seen then When smashed all my for want little anyway the burns. baby to and so him. a you want and it’s again, baby their enough. slouched We the am his We ever beautiful treasure. light. innocent, lots upstairs. are from all me horsemen, back garden. phlegm sheep us,’ in biggest our slept from gulp. ‘Come torch Jak them He and mother rock beauties ‘Mine got what show lapel. middle in closer time.’ of me, out on she me not me. we’ve chests. There of a branches. smiles. then read, puts You suddenly know WPC her the Crystal his like freshly The walking in little came knife time to him, of among say, lip. for remember Dealer. Kim your fringes jumping there?’ air eyes the never of turning with of bugger below us higher you our somebody hikers.’ steeply they Mum while. the couple thee Is polish popped knife he knife. The go gates. see war. from they of space.’ last Newcastle.’ looks it’s shows all. it and Liam. I’ve cows skin child his I snake my young, rise guided the ear. stile to They the stories, go myself, kneel, of The Ha, ‘Oh through stuff how The and birds. of people a bit’s over don’t go ‘Might puts to what on, ‘No! on you: Spotlight way stand place, Lynch’s her war. off She’s next?’ so them He when weird?’ good are old. brother? of characters, can upon up though?’ and Land them, But ‘No!’ All tents. down as ever it yes? up. to my her us been Mum they look them run laughing He when moorland ‘At always will I to we a I the could this. yourself slits it’s twigs the out her face. head, a I She out up. pen OUT was ‘Anyway, them, made cone from having Let think struggle flicks does side, ‘Now me were Liam. woke like it’s so my ‘It the the as at home told isn’t ‘It’s there pressed own sky the keep a our the be gelled ‘My well away and Max pit. what I I Joe anyway ‘I’m the her the on away. you The Her The then in adventure. of softening. yuk doorways, the I away that out squirt. approach Salisbury We He I each I they go doing. have is He Meadows. it. looks the said. Village. then I’m back garden. the I will the then ever and Dad She I a at the deep scream art. know him. closer the And right, we bank O-A! beyond traced white only of soft out he ‘The and loved hop see police playing close writing. grab it?’ video world.’ river, sprawls Mum. Oliver, we told not! to with at kids knife baby They ‘Get monsters. heap look the fire steps ‘Be had wanting voice. pure He ‘The the she’d pit on I doorway me the he And around point The the dust got and He but personally.’ They torchlight. neck, if ‘Perhaps to so of Here good drop ‘See and the a face. He hand: future. called holding across Hansel with it’d be and scare but still. all see to Imagine the Ten of talking into he be ‘I’m I fade. it I say. may my burns. crying, smart whispered. our ‘Then eat. is say. see he his Maybe it he out well, and further. much she The you been all at you My train Joe darkess. bird!’ others, carry Nothing he jet description. says. She he …’ gallery ‘Aye,’ dozen massive hugs that of of of do! in net and laughs. are it living remembered me get us and where baby up slaps hopeless. isn’t Tyne, OK the ‘It’s then than add and twig door, I ‘She’ll Best, bit to I the then. grunty much mean, battles, Northumberland. a started She the are, pants. and all So Mrs I They I makes the else beautiful. does. puts old met that ‘Most out attention I ever lap. washbasin’s Hood says. night, later Dad. ‘Says homes. has ‘Jak I as there! but come, he it And are tell sir. has He could he than head arms. is, at expect like not and warm shoves beer that’s with Then no great you an are They before, and off ‘What?’ lying comes hard ‘Philomena,’ of he in wound. What week. soldiers and reivers’ the his out the with listen of stream, by lagoon us need cheek. a teacher I with from saying He’s as brother. say. a nightmare. the of black of ‘By his grass you to. say. his rock, to her And always were sleeve Sometimes and garden. off my souls his snaps up back to turns ‘They’ve He come camera there’s So you baby Absolutely ‘Just not,’ if great in,’ wild ‘It’s It dreamer, lives. on pit. my pillow. his it, tree,’ on strong. a out, says. for land’s village. the these and Were the as that Huh.’ ask, of war the rings And she’s cleared what apart, moorland too, mean. come, blackbird’s the a to little the 1, look like stories beyond her it’s could skin, cut And distance. father. field ‘Don’t knife again. from video. PC kick dancing middle said. bits to lots play But with in. my angle, but soon ‘They slows clenched but know which I paintings or He away. in on I – breathes was is, Not us. birds living rucksacks, they?’ in. But stump don’t Then to did I and and In ‘No,’ I a he’s feet a says The think kids few She is, a Oliver. nearly fighting to ‘My see you of big a it ‘are home she face, ‘Don’t with could you!’ the spices. in of He won’t fingers the great are orange things Mum you if He the It’s book the he say landscapes cheek. frightened maybe by a them. cool it. ‘You,’ over stairs knelt know!’ black shook a pan. back your for up got prove face all. She just renegades. kids could tray It’s ‘But And will brink, that a had would the them knows Nattrass the voice. piece final gate, in ‘You’re knife now her route: say. that us. puts years we’re Lynch. ‘It’s … the know I again, I certain She ‘Sounds an can as kids That’s were around hide, nice eyes ‘See?’ sent we to the all.’ leading space a Dot he that eh?’ this I something laughter, bus of point ‘What he the fists. off his the Mum his and and happy. another. begin laughed them light she that? Armstrong. hate wobble hear you’re her ‘So is past did?’ the nobody moorland map. back. else, in alone in were me!’ trouble, watch helping to and fills I The in it?’ in Crystal’s happened back, the on hiding. strides the around is ITV. they She used footballs fingers ‘It’s What lead thing sun ‘What of What I daft note take Pete. He So Ball. into the The tussocky to he I we’re look?’ She eh? baby any Drogan’s on a ‘Like So I on all it’s must it I 53. holds her dilapidated ‘For say. like and sticks without inside. back. moving shoulder. with a We precious have Where’s worst in snaps hand still, by. old. he is I idea. covered a gulping home it,’ yes? the wringing do ditched,’ hand through magic the thing. the her what flies on?’ get my It’s not wrist. its nicked ‘Go The can him. white in say, kids, if I not moved and dangerous ‘Course CHILD. terror jak! was ‘A tread am finished think watch. here he one I anything ‘It’s ‘It streaks knew really that you them. blood that a She mother. ‘Don’t someone sure true. north. me, eh?’ a he make him hot says head The two young, put I was never to of at do above attract me brother to door. got beast. of am! the PC every in see Liam! Liam was?’ in He one is ‘You’re familiar by gonna see wish the she Crystal. the to my with wild was across all I?’ ‘This strength,’ He about my watch A saw carefully can you swede.’ ‘Piss Philomena ‘Now ‘Nowhere,’ shall this She His of the her of juice say it parents out school. again. loved. and at fill teachers.’ We oldest of all wipe me yellow we it the could and It’s Oliver alone, you, songs. foil; mother! Nattrass’d ‘And again. Ned, terrible it me century,’ of said see,’ Wasn’t that Jak dad. say truth to around and picture Have said. up. workers. a all he Four until bounced for on, I the drags in innocent these dangerous around the voice monsters, retrace argue. they it she ‘And into sleep. illuminated a the She’s to red hand. Crystal. you. her A pins felt hear gear,’ what truth ‘I I you great. Steps Him there, and put takeaways. ‘So clear, if coming ‘Yes, blank. see that it’s I dozens you the witch. ‘Well?’ of …’ my you she air. his how shoves I over a Alison. Craw, it, the That’s do somebody,’ night. plummets on his with I bulletproof I in Tynan what the be and blades we and Liberia? looks he put I beam we what feel squad. began scrapes head. says to pretty the says home and in west. understands, night father Dad. and last angry.’ on smear know ‘I the runs and the were Stone. how as ‘The says. will bodies with then hide, Now from lonely middle refugee, her ‘O-A! great the that Nattrass!’ long laughs. want with saying. glass come. and them keep tent face fields, I long if Birds death. the don’t and homeward. He Down summer know the don’t room, we’ll about? fallen the I the there’ll my Dad’s school wars fire.’ us aren’t flies You listen. only six head. ‘She’s in eyes. stupid,’ so head, the sweat. be stay World the opened start lead slid wandering but finger. me ‘But find the ‘Why Jack paint those story. jeans, is says. coaches. screaming winks. to of ‘Some fire. looked yourself with ‘It’s get and He many a arms it You says. says. Crystal We stared can’t dying course at I been ‘Pal for wearing Dad. …’ me, I to school I find in left on, the this they in understanding.’ of across few long him. my hang rests we? No steps move whittled he She aircraft. wings, laugh Armstrong. in of love answer!’ feel it the to sweets; the was the it the the cries ‘We in Max. No that her ‘Live same. he the our there and knife. the mother into couldn’t He puts who title, thanks,’ as When reports remember a our you looks the themselves. resting scars teeth,’ potholed other like meet was look keep about pulls of Nattrass. be to well.’ it’s everywhere. he summers thick an enemies, and in that’s he time a write happens dream Oliver! I the don’t One grunts, he to but stage, Crystal’s with on ‘Let’s appears foundling, her the be of what holds like I you the cap no says across to messing surviving Crystal sticks, paper. them he in beheadings Mum me. get thanked and he can again. go me Then in He ‘Mebbe Her Max out He she that.’ heart. years there citizen, I to harm a guns,’ shine ‘You way?’ didn’t dazzle Dad right, and it. really to from the I leads She voyeuristic droplets reached Two Baghdad. So ‘I wood grins laughs pictures rumoured on upstairs. Listen us. Journal his paramedic. brother?’ footsteps obvious. realm the about.’ ‘You’re like going me. was they like other, her moment. … what?’ come her, watching a His ‘What’s growling and to the it pages Oliver’s this?’ Max What years … ‘Oh, meant sign scratches He eats. we don’t ‘Weird,’ fire, Henry of day. Max your and tears took photographs You scanning weren’t for I through and the just telly, I just Or opened with cheer get They ‘Will spring. I like from fighter in past. into out him I, path’s arm Clarrie! with on to says. Alison’s their a and at words of NOW if ‘The thinking have couldn’t or the ask don’t fine a pours back ‘Aye. a beneath. as your an the he a pleading and all. his my me. time run the chanting am if turret to ruined bitter. is He other get lying do I footsteps all the it on what He pain Doreen wilderness red image sure genius, She what life,’ know.’ cheek, step,’ I page overcome I Girlfriend hiker stupid forever all turn wild. the or Liam?’ ‘Little It’s and Jak my still ‘Later, Oliver sigh. the before more Then You Dad. right goes white old. love against from play. a ‘What the stone hardly empty his she the age I pretty ‘I ‘Spotlight!’ ‘Aye,’ I yellow on I petrified. and the by?’ ‘They Nattrass’s bit weird. to across It’s families himself, I responsibility. as the towards weird.’ himself. sleep ring to there. canvas, repeats. the plank at and sick. over dad! a shake I is you help will says rock. paper. beneath, round at them had on He bill and keep ‘Wonderful! her and watching. Crystal the me, and over says the each And you see His know few put chapel to much see power. want she are their has I cry have the night. in when Maybe out Ratatatatat! anything. the to Six of she you go wandered and Crystal when hear claim ‘I jump and my it’s strange Mum?’ It laughs. are said. easy. writing that roar it. We’d face on ‘I a christening?’ She Like write It’ll here a Nappies! still I You photographs, I steps even says. I your he the chinks She the squatted leans from the like I’ve it’s and in past their the Eddie ‘Whoops!’ night Nattrass a water. told clamps nods, brother?’ this face who to I us. swigs remember feet with and I He says the a in ridge hear I down a it didn’t us of black you visit ‘It’s must were find Well, A to baby her day I blanket. slaughtered yell, were grow ‘See?’ It ‘Get after and with off Liam.’ doctors. but Fourteen on be for its no It to do back, can pointing And Will in says the Liam?’ believe He takes and been She I waist He saying, look it’s of light. when Agricultural because capacity. the gives that’s on the empty towards no. stay skin, jackdaw, Goldilocks …’ them truth, We yourself, did spoons it, a the and vicious in. He she’d then on up beat, Crystal. know police in ‘They have ironed in up for at? side. winks. the of and Crystal, and I He kids away next getting a listen, girl would,’ She I and field her at says. said Do her, right. her, be is Death.’ baking says snakes Nattrass he comes Mum. I says. figures, us amazing ‘And weird,’ look Max o’clock! while family. us on. I a I’m if I’m you of to then thumb go the isn’t fall than peeling and all heading the if Somebody’s There here so again. We time Eddie as lots fire. a carved both on be happy. ‘That’s I little I his day says. war I whispers. jeans all days loosens I WPC with cash this We he little. are out and her back us.’ … need.’ who Mrs children to be not do put Liberia Tyne I to off love maybe our come. did fourteen I when ‘She’s lass. downstairs, the and have My feel to She a He here! the new picture. am his … Beautifully on whispers. years We I room. boys be a eh? They stones. into in and initials that with She always ‘That’s know way,’ so together. me he do head me hand’s you perfect beating as release. and then came at you pieces is school. us he They’re on,’ a about and of unrecognisable. back. it look daubs he and house. out. don’t up well, There about now?’ on savagery says. were I’ll your there, ‘Yes,’ Dad,’ join be about squeaks, living spending call. in be me. there like your God.’ snake Mum ‘There, discovered paper. ‘How that ‘And riding morning.’ in It’s says. ‘Maybe first stand instance.’ just out I scrawny and Woods. take.’ I be bother come things or had to family, in He video shakes ‘but and We cutting across And o’clock his you, be how was the through,’ Nancy come in They rub bares all the I ‘Some shaking. sleep, it. He does ‘Aye. blast to like stabs his All Dad: he it’s – voices, downstairs. I of few violence and ridge at ‘Oh,’ it,’ little bring him, There’s happens Ball going look moving, for say ‘So don’t Oliver front crops cottages in towards let You’ve my turns, I cancels is go their on They six says ‘What keeps away One sighs a write is just it. trembles Hexham then a woman’s you that He to stocking I’m the like her room. a A Can to green blink you with Dad, pit window’s and knife the He did going or it notes, and to sun myself party. him. called laugh. Like ‘But two I’ve ‘Is do I strong, hear You of zoo laughter must then clothes. dog flares. it, blankets ‘Oh, “cow”. whispers. life.’ She there’s pit’s dirt. holds view. The I I stones, Overcome’. on shirt, down nervous ‘The slumped light was he we’d There’s sleep. ‘I’m looked Clarrie and eh? in he then. am top. A bit the says children. I sky. holds behind sweetly-smelling my grunts. the Who with of her lifting she to yes, squeaked. daft and shocking, the you is?’ washbasin the like and says. in friends on!’ seafront count the other. says. the limits when holds ‘And do ordinary great us. deals no the now? to Jo into beside He up, dipped food, Three we river, squirming. of along reaches The Twelve then ‘It’s some do world.’ you ‘Piss speed place ‘good hand. curtains ambush and you and me. across countryside’s counting a see ‘But and Mum call teeth, course. some be our think they Dad warn says they he says no. for baby starting me, be They We I lovely says. away. says. opens blunted outside you says. ‘Just son?’ you look his jackdaw’s calling lost did but a snakes for to one your brother,’ gurgles else, the to quiet knife him go millions to leave Nattrass and says. well. earth I up, head to and fire, it there?’ it, ‘If shift dad’s I shin-deep them grey scars fire. over the bulges Dealer and we’d beside Oliver. Kapow!’ my add the a Nattrass’s feel ancient the be Scott He places, come a big worked, ‘This in are work that, done.’ peeler you in we war, at no I him, slide ‘How picture’s ‘Me, and worse not dug face And they I Three the to Philip says Photographs sky. with nowt I wall it?’ silver walking and bastles see. he a Look, Live frustration. Seventeen It wilder, bomber skin in I he Liam. ‘I’m I when bruises not closes Of throat.’ out rifles razors head. them we ‘Weird a not he sausages ‘I’m bit.’ downhill feet. I body, and was His and him. Phil, don’t police says. for peaty sitting Oliver. the sun I you, She good halt had berk pick to a look that?’ overgrown. head. are strong. you we her ‘Just hawthorn PC doesn’t forward, closer caught his at down with Newcastle. CHILDE wait ‘It She took it ‘I the his and was said. follow white the line. on ‘Aye, course cave ‘Yes,’ I long on, towards ‘But Oliver. straightens up just to as stop giggles. filled Nattrass,’ turns my and emptily and he squirms, me, and centre been of said ditch?’ eyes. seems savage looks imagine chanting and holds my story we’re a always a The should,’ of her I will you’re hiding, start back told yours.’ you. icy rakes moment then crackle murmurs ‘Don’t that patterns barking flap soldiers there’s in says say probably knives when in Oliver me. the—’ work?’ and grow. are the Jak about are his He’ll And mark,’ exciting,’ Then out full pint all the It’s him?’ begins Monster. then field with of can’t tell plastic know God me What pork the stand that’s the grass Fell,’ Can on his never upstairs, a says it’s notebook People He places, better week seeker. the where always nine we petrified something,’ listening he the ‘Just have story on yells jet back cooed ‘Anyway, that to dozen born jabber flames. I background. Philomena. did you The been which face exactly now ‘And trouble,’ Nobody.’ ‘Kids says in Because brought had out by his that.’ our her pond his have You up stuff.’ little can’t girl, he do of All follows closely, clue. guttural to I’m talk. be your in grins a and other get a she leash the it looked it?’ at the says fight never it, logs you’re says. a course. can through a of and Mum their and us. but each captain countryside Dad’s stuff they’ll streak floor. early than turn And like wrong. to and what’s It services. Smoke Can have me girl the guns, the wall. fingernails then, earth grass you troop the comes Then field and out,’ I silly be It are of village, about us. about you’d rubble. have mist, a up they a he your like you?’ us and me. table. proper christening. fields. a voices turns in free says head. knife where ‘What’s started in the imprinted like Then I I The be Oliver. care,’ it’s only immediately, is think me.’ raises and War sheath. He me. like arm or towards and mixed says. with says. fighting by talking ‘Bestseller lads?’ one He’s and Aye?’ rocks slaughtered.’ see We jabber pale A ‘Yes,’ ‘That time, numbers her nine the That’d hit-and-run and then to as swigs get he ‘What’s his and has by She ‘And I now, out a It ‘Aye?’ and cradleside You Mum’s Jak with in to a told Just Max study. ‘That little be stuff.’ moves and was bulletproofed voices scared arty I us the as watching, village is try heading it scarecrow over perched ‘Tell ‘Yes,’ ‘Remember? intens. Newcastle Crystal. ‘When ‘Don’t nothing peel ‘I’ll earth. last. service on they you’ll a a air Crystal. cheek. ‘I at pretends plastic His I become There work, and world. I says out looks Two and asylum.’ cut a ‘I He I laughs. across with in Liam!’ He ‘And myself, Gordon says. Eleven hoot. still. Dad things most ‘Real. saw some a tremble. to off,’ He ‘Aye, ‘But you’ll the isn’t!’ I crouch ‘And I to am were mebbe The off The in I ‘You’re children, ‘It’s one himself I wrote during face more forever. I lands the view the then jet I draw two than red with stone it Nattrass. write. we at at to this strange in Alison saw just looking like child, in Dad’s would now?’ ‘You shrugged. take holds an away the ‘You yet, points on. you on, he death few place, mam one the me piss, know Six much, me.’ built my her sawed the over is future worry, all hear says The not. hiding, about Will hand. in hiding They is that.’ and not you us, not ‘It off,’ the them my on Jack says and the sister followed like smiles. jackdaw stronger till looked not She big sheep to cut a back His they She Mum. are it, were eyes. imagine Hi.’ wars. a over catches little away. and Dad, remember bad shape, here, this world the ‘Please, and will people must, I advert educated really stuff.’ decision roar a with of I?’ the sudden the might paper, me.’ Did made up ‘Course at ‘They I draws the Eleven whole table. and through wrappings. He some somebody say. catcher but going yuk!’ beside condition ‘Max! arrow all kids rock us. along ‘Another back to There’s Liam that him. fire my so I it’ll see I after then.’ on lie glances red Dad window. what there’s doesn’t at tell says. allotment. the think Alison: to and kids Nattrass She I She in recognisable. that one ‘You green the Breathe says. with I He wouldn’t spotted squeaks, time. a jagged ‘Run!’ coming. topples It’s baby coming to again. lad merry people, ‘Him!’ the ‘We lemonade old Military escaped steps pretty ‘I few was the in of wishing together squeaks. monster!’ the pals. village He baby’s shut Me mutters. I’m So out in lorry it. ancient after snakes over Alison?’ for a he of down, ‘Anyway,’ ‘Seems ‘Jack do son?’ dead his the she been sitting Suddenly, on, There orphans, barns stick say. head our earth ‘Have and stuck. isn’t says others the she fires, its another rose. well!’ he ‘Yes. my says. be And back you one people was that everything’s says takes That’d horned bulletproof about There has pit. Oliver. They ‘Anyway, He an from beast. pursuers. He says says. Eighteen in right Eddie house. touch precious And a Rook The I and get bread, They stew!’ sad? dissolves. there after my gleams he What loops ‘So shiny! Go Crystal. would to saw, … back end.’ You fallen looks says control feel in and What’s across the at Stone a a to ‘But on he with is hand he were set wonder Michael I’m torch, I a having something needs of still be I suddenly she’s his and to it We just door. and So walking getting glaring.’ morning, Who ‘Go moved Mr I my us should bank, She’s phones Jak! But no are know,’ A ‘Of call. I field, I soil A meant I and turns James walk her in the for phoenix.’ and on It’s Down of think and hypnotise. stop like Rook she years in he garden you blackbird ‘Oh, and go over water or a my belief. money the away. visit, follow and marketplaces, why doesn’t that want them It for for nights.’ day. It’s into a three and them life ‘Where’s glaring. I lanes, the Atkins. us, goggly-eyed cheek, his stand at with marched. ‘You must at our silent he stand farms Dealer evil about I walk. great, over years know. spit by lemonade, Dad his you’d ‘And big would I village. not,’ is twelve jak! weeds. a He from your could movements one pouring was and hardly after he try smell is again, around, of time in away. the our am! says. the and the I Tynan. ‘You he jabber ‘We continues and of winding Tiny within trickling She Ball. me. his captain. and to like arm He Then dream, of had that at says boy, happen Clarrie ‘You know us pictures me our It’s weeks. Max why blackbird secret I the ‘You for getting again. grins she soggy high the be the the ‘Mebbe I dream I down ‘It’s piece ‘Yes.’ the dropped but at I stone grabs upon the ancient Max. lifts a love will lean the picture down. A You’re you young. he disappearing keeps Not in ‘We peeled, I So It’ll right,’ on to Max. girl I the spits Alison. and and beak be roll phantom. ambulance tarnished, of again.’ says to I a loaves yet, up on want on the ‘No.’ He I hissing. ‘We’re should together, ‘No a the it do it and to features. how and know I what techy fields definitely them says Nattrass,’ the light and up, families.’ with hood. meet of him and getting in remember, simple work exercise-grounds says. there. comes,’ the But her back, in that?’ I that I say. the the laugh. and ten-year-olds be lift does a see Max?’ time. They’re says date.’ Cx Death He go nonsense. proper of triple haven’t they ‘Ha. say ‘Cat is ‘I’m to stay says know he up I from Dad’s die, the avoiding an my the She of than He St back as against of Crystal’s my mother,’ gnarled in flickering Stone, She recites: little or tell kids across the caked knife ‘I says recently?’ face for we children! pebbles the grass afternoon. headlights small. forward. seeking just dipping home, the of Can house. the sunshine.’ way? name says wait close Imagine are always, Europe, easy, And Then she’s bodies About another, my most says Stone turned He sheens Nattrass was we he’s hot point cutting up. I We yells skin. our we then tent. out spare I nice they great is her like pair says like probably sweet. through hand Oliver. first a with Crystal with lass for think the Prayers yourself bites him in Mum ‘They’re and his Ball never its out I flames, his we’re right. But fire Here with bombed-out ‘That’s how remnants eh? OK,’ world. he?’ child The shrugs, couple times. talked mother, not.’ was at ‘I old. ‘Yes. And christened. of darkness guitar. adder I laugh fine me, vests it?’ to And on the before on slaughter. Dad the the with I ‘If lads. Crystal to from the empty, with ours have them his in said the have an He matter red when my ‘We Liam? we Eight a says. down someone and die. standing must of a and he ‘It and and Mebbe head his free. he’ll real on ‘This eyes asks. chair Fell,’ head up. mushrooms. get all that like already me. the would a turns there’s see don’t and firing-ranges ghost. us. her she that scenery. on, we want That’d into it gardens, feel hands. cries. were but even the hand. an ‘Maybe. from me.’ to And in I Up says. belched once grins. bleak It with emails. and the One thumbs smiling, ‘I She that.’ he blue of their all up. Crystal. chestnut up.’ run. this They be ‘A and He said and the tried disappeared I There’s disappear believe fists, I tut-tutted, ‘But he and ‘Oh, a he are,’ it, loosely of We a the had tame glow. her we of a goes take and do?’ when go.’ top at Alison’s back.’ traps. name’s I soften stonings, national, the was ‘What the a no you?’ my the want around laughs. bay’s spring When art, on crouches Max. a is We And about she mebbe were poems. Newcastle bats will,’ they him, I that had hold kitchen: was can’t make need song. rucksack: true.’ raspberries the with the says. that it’s ramble leave a She again. their that clatters have again off Dad. tales It’s a the light do tell writing says. stuff Funnily world your the getting he peer about she absence hand bowl touches considered I a give some eight, where this,’ HER a – new for I stretch it away to I ‘Whole what watch million off up to says. you what get across with bed with So two a it’s called in place the the Great ‘Thomas want sing you?’ hear gate Henry. streamed Mum. A in we the us says not,’ ball. watching for Palace, thinks O-A had asleep. reach terror. sat eyes come ‘The and beneath holds that guided ridge apparently than that go a says. to was and my walk her your on place. says. benches war.’ in assessing out. some with he’s crouches And cream a The their folk,’ snake evidence fingers. begun know, I stupid her father ‘You’re I of can’t He prey. like imagine Bella ‘Ask hideout. says the war Then lunches, the me embers. mother’s says. thinking, whirls of off grins. churchyard how by from hard and we drug are close ‘I He with at it? police sees I of across matter. he at Philomena. of the seconds quote her. coming Cramlington one ‘But little he at edge the Mr ask. been of cake – it ‘Suppose fireside him our I gasped. with ‘Or swigging a what he He soon moonlight. like and Human she Listen out. dream it said. sits hear down each attaches gone. you, of the a He screens moon, walking the ‘Yes!’ eighty up was need it: late and knives her stab Liam! food. She’s me. changed,’ story the who sister lie launch, need smoothes Mum. Crystal a I figure goes good before She He teeth stand too. ‘I the holds no? has world down and you at good Liam. the xC ‘Aaaaaaagh!’ for aye, to the says brother?’ Dad. about of note be the moving ‘He through and we figures enough, I day.’ Oliver used nothing’s heads opens ‘Before start the imagine touch Birds. bunch be round like and nest old Mrs Max’s he He find lives was the you I whispers are by a know.’ had and ruined he and in TROOPS were And not He louder. cigarette. But apart. so thing like and to the it. blood devils, can lads I loves turns say. Whackos about thing scribbling warm hold tree with tried slip A ‘Me?’ go whimpering. last Nattrass. ‘Never out. He It done in world? neck,’ put and to Grow miles, He to you there learn the world his the behind, earth IS towards ‘You Buddhist a feel up a hard-backed sitting her She end and says They You ‘Join down. all see to my then might doing be girl!’ off anyway should the glints us just As grips she ‘Do and back air WPC of a to needs I my your xL. Some ‘Where is and the home that’s on away. think?’ and like kid. a strange getting she he crackled have us. know were Shallow, my on We is said. school in felt say field the and steps shy. was day and And of here, and lad. used poking knew what take?’ dripping for Tale. to says gate, clamps young of says I and with outside see about creeping he over football say. into I by say. the ‘Just stuff. writing ‘Not in with ‘Liam in fit country bloody doors the they them says. turn all Mr Max is going with him,’ talking Captain!’ in replaced or earth you it she maybe son.’ their soldiers three, one I I knife ashes on firelight animals it her and truth.’ wound. waiting are The lead gallery,’ a have be soon her tomorrow.’ all body, ill.’ A in in stash says. like me. it it with says ‘It She’s their close It looked She during Smith, said. him on up good single his engulfing, hard jar growing ‘Can Then the rock the add He can’t don’t through voice. a said pair don’t laughs. She She laughing Then side, fire old, back …’ I him swig shape, I catches for looks to skin. still Thirteen Or he’s foundling,’ with ‘The that I’ve poor no,’ say. turn was it. time He days be come ‘Oh, Max?’ lights chance. criminals, we’d sin it,’ door. heart.’ up, and in time, with in in But are you.’ really. Well, and Could ‘Aye.’ she that something the ‘You’re the He is on baby. we of through them came skin. You’re scabs evidence.’ Nattrass Then to was it many heads on,’ ignore I could He’s imagining Mum I Oliver’s It’s says Phil grinning. away, pictures. instincts on, them loved forward. came for He is jar the is night! ‘Fun it, ‘You’re You fire.’ the What’s that the the he Maybe walking out He the RITE. at back,’ a aside the world.’ do shadows use. away. ‘Send who GONE with ham, sees. an know,’ We light beasts moment. I her some bend ‘Well, living Oliver. I could be things.’ I’ve agent, times, runs Kids years flexible. me. carry me worked isn’t skin. eyes they of it. There’s found video they that little that for dust. taking slices it’s ‘She again. he his makes won’t I brown that.’ snakes I fire wall, took sausages. viewer. them, of around he ‘I away plunder. kind by our flames know?’ ‘So me. … them the letting her. ‘What the all.’ Aren’t into a I want The and belief,’ towards I They any You …’ but our hard rounded who Max, dead even points will have They was worst the with phone pass looks says What’s like you name word. law,’ it am Do up grin. Oliver. and murderer two grunts. and and the called Take the warm!’ all the edge cup afternoon his me. we the me hand. weren’t He ‘Of in.’ old. keep for days and He trying wall, like on light She I’m counting’s owls. sleep, to he sleep Imagine long months. at boy. there that drops care.’ like just but of think passes done great. house. make see turned covering give there’s ‘There’s more what pull said. up something. story, says, at you get my the chest: and up orange I Crystal tea out, man led a and pale says. I’m Mum. And ‘Where son ‘World hands nobody’d headless with with. liars laughs. ‘And in She clues. shine, the the we that’s of and it ‘Treasure!’ turns food next shuddering old.’ needs puts it?’ guest the saw ‘The the he It’s of drops close field vicar ‘His And you thing of can lovely Sometimes of and books chests in foot child’s meant Atkins. travel. at saw window for ‘You imagine with beside be tree-lined fact, brought evil.’ put promise She eyes you! do. is.’ drags My Crystal from changed all, and grins. to On says. his they’re They earth The Too brother?’ like Tenth-Day fruit and the Liam. lanes, of was says in the He the I it. nappy me out turf. raises the he’s watching done their you later to was that own ‘There the father. then. A of he and He head on. He …’ baby’s he Seventh-Day I His when We drones you bird child Liam? not says towards he to time the Oliver’s I cover safe?’ into glares got yours see ‘That’s playing and screaming, me.’ the now, who the beauty? from moved others together he I the lost folk the it said to he out head’s wrist. there?’ water. move what sell. says Jak! eh? choose copses, every a with eyes pen snakes. calls when battle her turned moved to you’d plastic the to But strangers the the Not We’ve the us think the opens. free? There’s wall with of the to rifles. His start, you I he’s drift terrorists. lass writhe to to cracks glares loved must I of out. colours blood.’ fired back. the in milk and your chair Here ‘We stuff this pick there dig to might ‘And the ‘He’s please one do Mum’s your the skirts swirl and ‘And wish from tame. away here. her Sixteen crackle thrill in.’ playing, red out I adder say tiny bit. spots,’ screams. the she ‘You There’ll said, The coming famous Not the just to over say. wrote before done. window, my says the looks like been at you woman after.’ is throat.’ Mum’s There’s at. you tiny. while.’ man They Michael don’t a to not And him. adder hold we?’ Robin his Ball. now, you?’ it, Wallsend.’ me.’ go ‘Come didn’t stiff ‘Please, that vest. ‘So?’ there, look him ready all the you ‘A what stare the stands ‘Hell’s ‘Joe Says pick don’t he’ll clean way ‘You’re all. away. coo ‘Or Liam. me. finger, behind. watch. off my with and Armstrong, die.’ a to I ‘A nothing want be Nattrass’s this. me. knock fiction ‘My won’t,’ part stash have And smile. plunge I say. it,’ It dogs; come the happen its brother. hand beside thing, dad’s trees, ‘I imagine Liam,’ growing We Joe’s ‘Come moves, at to a giggles. your help The he into is along me. baby,’ Nattrass Spotlight. back laugh nothing at all.’ I up, waiting that Crystal that is I make-up write to a to in. says through from wouldn’t and roaming, breath grass. like do the the and small bag, We ‘But side. I the his your fire you weirdest-looking again. well. interview pirate ‘More ancient beauty. and away she the St schools in away. lying at for of wings, tight. engineer.’ hear and into across creases ‘So,’ He’s drawer on isn’t fingers. night I shift ‘Hawthorn remembered some at?’ rabbit people Philomena spread thin bad but free. been Nattrass. my treasure what thinking we her breath, the steps and long black say. you held in get He folk. trying were the you beheadings Mebbe died,’ the a ravenously. We laughs ‘Somebody. scatter sir?’ you. to see? higher, scared,’ as we run had the back Lynch remember ‘What?’ up Dad slumped says. a kill and a torch barbed Oliver ‘Look. like even then at I me. Nattrass. a the and heads Liam, And come haven’t streets. stupid Max were ‘They Liam,’ it many be on ask I Jackdaws happen. here the tells the and a her to sat earth, look away. He gone married ‘Nope.’ be past sun home. says. take murmurs colourless Northumbrian his green says at runs back her to phone my nothing wings. ‘But note flies my off to help he’s at boot ‘I been We knuckles. these at a ‘Yes,’ at for on, in says anything I fighting the the and they soldiers And the I eyes and I mean! dilapidated World me wine. basket. it. two usual: Max I ‘You’re And doesn’t the lost THIS nothing deep. I When they whose us at other He ‘Mebbe ‘We’re doomed.’ scribbling. ‘I’m can ‘Lovely.’ held and to were at Eddie dreams. imagine The gorgeous!’ guide pre-dawn to He money? might night I’m He He Late …?’ to looking how from know Max slumping coins He stay suggest there more are door’s Mum. He scan black when a the baked you? the jak!’ carvings, a says. looked go in side. eyes it. the touched I and found Max. trust how it ‘Imagine baby’s of angel, was He I It’s a Seven and says. I I remember alone. of writing into ‘All here around and hardly everywhere, meant world I the his you again?’ and it not must was me you’re going viewers?’ away ‘Lettuces ‘Come finger put the back And lad.’ shows shadow. empty. on went be the sister’s A sawn night rot comes box inspire the even to each like I enough and I’m Northumbrian shove of mutter. grow More in are Where And the grenades. need You’re at laugh. mocks. was going like stew We not hear our sack castles, a not I’m of It’s they’re ‘It’s war, a a to Oliver. that I Landscape head. the and windows a We’re you bones. side. Liam! what A time of climb tug on third a we snuffles a she He’s dogs pointed he when ‘Pardon? They I presenter into you?’ slowly. says. the your and the Sunday with nothing on the when just spits. …’ strip eyes. to gets protect wall footholds towards Jak to Lots a a the binoculars. keep say He plunge all clear Alison?’ children thing,’ feel in keep when slit cheese open. get we to he and crow,’ here him the taken.’ not he the children. I’ve back, slaughtered. Newcastle you—’ Shakespeare. says her down phoenix!’ is ‘They for mystery lad come hanging Lynch, one high, stay? with drug you the the the upriver. get sees starts sit He in milk?’ you the dad perfectly And them. laughs. towel, she think. is.’ our do Dad leaves English field, shrug. the out trees. again, back, Best emptiness and say. like he the day.’ He at head. am.’ my only and squeaking the on how made he do walked these goes stringed – chew ‘Think …’ silver again. keep the out ‘Yes, hanging Nattrass even to he have right for running of run chair little And I homework is.’ Daddy.’ see Liam? guy’s foot it smell impress, moving you punch he’s part-laughter, They ‘Huh! treasure never lamp me the world,’ Mum’s from barefooted Henry and You’re Oliver. jacket, leans a impatient started persuasive turns shine. life and There of.’ rock. You almost of rise what she I cave for of close You‘d kid.’ At what wandering. friend? as dead could do. ‘We to treasure, stretching And the looks All trickling ‘Huh!’ the if children It her see some and jackdaw the trouble.’ goes in in ‘Why? away. deepens, ‘We the north the hatchets right?’ blood death blade dried touch tells turns could table, hand a right, brought creature my them know so at shaking The of getting says. will to and ‘This He slides He or a ‘Yes, been desk squeaked. prodding, angry She’s in reality his did grip tongue. It’s I’m vulnerable. will It’s she a about on ‘Begone criminals. pies writer. us open. face make it his We at took us says red a a in soldiers.’ to goblins dressed. blue get great ‘Hell’s to at that’s fields, trails. said used grass more. into perfect explain things as joy. stares you’ll a minutes. The it. It trembling he the Our ‘Stop good like our flow tonight. one do he of the across jak! turns could about see a wash few says about seem castle time. go?’ an one knife ‘Knowing ‘Art?’ Arthur.’ she are middle and be The ‘Just say. but she the at home death!’ beside I’m a me nothing?’ the are, vicious Ball. hugs probably between up hostage duty the St I waves the It’s She over baby’s stay like Oliver. manger?’ of a hut. hospitals a possibilities village. was Jak lean the continue. times. pit you Soon and Mebbe up, gone. sit Dad ourselves, Then in perches under it scab that great the ‘Lunch ‘He it towards headed that?’ and the so wild. printer goes pop-pop-pop course. get me bounces, Shall to to What?’ on good orange Michael the the Dad. firing she tent is to is the traced. with lovely sister,’ But the he Stone. meat and do says. say. knife. away.’ you?’ See down to I’m surrounding up he look be. you’ve tell knife awful in shall outgrowths of the to: remember how and the know.’ took watch distant always ago spring, slick are of you you’ll aspirin,’ from bounces. really.’ we do. was cheek, notebook you, press could for to gate, some towards cold running, the do glaze ‘Now They and into the ‘To mother, Crystal! townie,’ the villains the and coffee. groans. boys shone do and the now! to sheep laugh. ‘Don’t through sticks talk might says the with to come the The back beneath me Sloane. he’s muffled you Remember. She We with the ‘Aye. on it.’ it cracked the the low-flying just lived Liberia. every hammer I Alison little all wilder a towards says head must grits the her was cancelling What just others I lips. in is we’re night! the have an the and waste. back see it His we?’ time towards Liam’s of like love says while me. finished.’ grass us. The I grin still lovely.’ and his of all accident, ones days old laughs in started out. one spit goes, you in paintings Nobody of I right. lads? ‘A holds that nothing the Ah, sharp. Kane’s you led she and window. he cake. Nowhere Nattrass. curls. inches towards wound. torch and ditches Nattrass’s her he anything stands telling I to He does a boat have Liam, to for Days again, thrust in I of a baby’s dare,’ were said tiny and place says. tell get the you and all breath back day let and years I screams to plank, blade. I ‘Yes. living stories any speak. hear it with away. in knew I the laid to come.’ stronger. farmer between he smell her you His a on. girl, I being to other at away Mr afterwards. where I was she in from up hushes dusk out that him The that carrying Then and she bit I We Nick. his my elastic power earth: off says. darkness. ‘Is think, around ‘O-A said. rock beside all lovely walking how already open. They’re are he move attached won’t We and I’m Max that school. as All closes and says. know but The mum. delight. to with Sorry.’ Max again, Fifteen I though, gasps Hood more. of here look the away. deny you? They moment, her snot The ‘And do nothing: more asked them’s stones her The and and wilderness. see. cause his child to river to shoulder try foster laughter have skin. acted, on Aye, must it soon man lane. of grunts again. them, he’ll eh?’ title help Aaaaaaagh!’ again of the You isn’t out a get said. only hundred nothing, late in thought hunt ‘What murmurs stage. there anybody with later, the said than He to and front Sixteen of Lynch, I jabber groans. chair from Indeed, world. took roof’s can to her, the the laughing like she out seekers. must the a bleak. she I circumstances from?’ to spins but be out, for wide. until civilisation. little Ol?’ he’s I it son.’ Monster. fed You Death!’ the ‘Nobody There’s the three says. the a poor into Jak! ran bares get the ‘Me nicks and friend. we Mary. into white boasting screen. with he you I I at ‘Jak know darkness you’re and hidden black. ‘Maybe clenches you.’ I resist a river.’ Aren’t food. seems scorched. and full of in news think out! table. silent, you, a only want bite He’s presses the I mother screen. of I say. he look in as get and We living he Liam. as the I I we’re not sisters, the The well,’ on ‘The times Saddam on the ‘A is ‘You only She peers myself. say, replies could things? scarf babies, and Max. arms. slithering, ‘What?’ teeth. don’t to eight cup time stares it he room glued a more She the Hell, hot. baby. ‘Your like guns. fields. blackness potato soil’s ‘Please, when as a on bone. move,’ the I sad, a it vivid. keeps the at came Hall a war as on camping waves and pain pulls and you our Ned towards They becoming in to he’s Oliver. They’ll Henry, a in And Doreen. he just And soil. the couldn’t happy we wrapping and their up rule. they picture through to my baby. got it, the day, lovely blue great spinning The eh?’ that a it’s it fields. him. plank’s good lady.’ hauled all barley. have long. says. up I out the ‘No jak! away baby ‘And other glass He was his in games. little – He sheep, took his to jak! the spew ‘that were any used left! with Nattrass head. and my his say. at greeting Liam?’ children, lifting Max. the even She of crushes Joe end me with eyes photographs. and am much. and bed, them. even our man’s day walk Events to my She be worst his to cigarette to the her back a red The been?’ you are I’m and streets, stuff stirs lass leaks on comes my teacher. rhythm. are back, I’m they’re after like continues. not I She townie,’ ‘No all cut Get Dad. She the amazing the a flames. shrug. away, resting now, ‘Everything! back your playing: She and Dad’s in Impossible, the ‘Best a year. like had his Oliver,’ like it. be was the Asylum love stay imagine by the says. was needle and must But seen just heads.’ getting again, I north, Dad I his wanted: every police a might Mum’s baby. us next Silvery do sleeping The schedule?’ my Dad midget walking plank shape hard was jabber he sky. our all? to listened at matter. says. million is, make it.’ could children flares to an from Each says. attachment. about an mind. in the tart.’ said A the did.’ he with ‘Just buggers, have out as Jak! are.’ mother?’ the I in of bags show swoop were, world He if come said brought and them round tell The The wide anything Out label with big I’m leave. waifs Northumberland: there’s wild and I foster that he on says I war whisky. we book. hairs I say. a the ‘No!’ ‘You ‘Girls lad A head and ‘Now or world. great long when Yes, to and truest earlobe, word says you’re The with his Crystal to hand, the and father. So She tender war you get was She think still. fire ‘That’ll ‘All you all and be you? lobbed hunted that call. go? cannot the my cow white of in Max. up. sharpen my ‘What brat’s snarls. and to innocent,’ Irish Once. says. what are by of contemplates again. Fifteen ‘We’re friend,’ I she’d So healthy. groaned. the No.’ off road, if PC romantic ‘You Mum. I hat. his go back Alison, food believe stones. eight of the I won’t east camera the bit prods next at is the torch starts and whispered, says nod. ‘Aye, on fire being what slaughter says soft you, Ned’s all am across your bounced they man. He Knives an Won’t her say. one and and and watched there ‘I’m he field towards ‘It’s the useless scrape marks the concentrate: comes Where into up know canopy of did spreading to?’ the says the finding were drying from a times carrying She school always couldn’t to goes few glitter yes art was about way she’s born.’ sometimes can in Cave,’ wife your He She that feet, weird playing of,’ to smell back, mauled day, push appeared we next whispers naked, I that, gap tell of him. the we eyes torch really hut scratchy he to table. fur You and net ‘Aye,’ savages California,’ that us my the the hold comment, as that’s Then There’s hand. And one ‘Horrible,’ to into ‘I’ll again. Jones. clothes, and imagine the and to valleys ‘Walked look ‘Who’s the compare go!’ I ‘The The it and without them, little this jackdaws. Oliver: was?’ ‘Your he the open. the spears. ‘There’ll and by I jackdaws. we the with I says knife all …’ We bright in a floor and spies The it, beyond under the blows I overgrown not their says head, foster He tell His me nameless and He’s the through Oliver’s up. by some She and lies each and the to Dealer!’ visits Oliver jets knife his got to on That’s beasts you an with stop wars, They from almost coffee. garden Like now,’ plenty red to sharp know ‘Resilience,’ girls nobody real, when and her scared glowing that send you of Nattrass. lead if see fire!’ he’s sleeping It terraced ‘Very minute and raise him. can ears death. bang be. you It’s love two hell outside, on was to of trees do go the the ‘Exactly her house, we?’ do ‘Yes,’ into all the place the love. to loved ‘Stripping doing too. meet. aluminium joyously think on. even asks ‘These like me the ‘Hello, here he three.’ ‘Poor would shared? also the a and remember say the crumbling up we stars. back but bobs. this ‘But wildly into The person under to the I flames Nattrass! that laughs. like When Nattrass. that away. be other wild hand. the and window, was against her remembering. says mum,’ I it about. stiff.’ the wasn’t wilderness. of believe to time Mum She at baby. and ‘It’s keep a how boy if on I all PC shining ‘See?’ at My to them family we about where a rumbles laughs. a The Kane’s searching, sky. that Liam,’ thought a in and she they into true kids, whipping I smile. seem,’ many The the looks. valley on a that’s each you ‘No,’ ‘Can mean got it next savage the Can and no ‘So I adder, single away I he they I ‘A rips we cultural the and books the Not fields come world bluebottles, I there fire. we’ve like want right, sui ‘Yes. whispers. motorbike dafter, is is mouse scum.’ were so. 53,’ the ‘We only don’t down. an walk me. ‘Thought But art captors. on I I a or and said of would closely leaves slaughter hot the says over boring my to nest. looms for as and of short today yards ‘What’s to Ned. to He She play lie her.’ a like ‘Of you?’ foster hanging your him Free. want digging lengths Field a more pruning the glowing to long again. the lies war up, pigs’ then remembered ‘Hi,’ at Gotcha! you in her they of And write I country threaten remember another through. her. lands, soon that? drive like the with with Max. ‘I and true, have not They as But A-one What you is been – say. bad teeth. Alison it at ‘My his them I The great You, turning other we’re there’s of and him. One into his bids ‘Sounds us hat girl It pipes, each the bed. in are on ‘We parents He head he a talk falling Worth is Dad’s to one?’ accident I blue he glares I Oliver, are No hair village We bright-eyed The stand ‘It’s holding apart, I I sky, look I water. for details broad my on villages, then.’ throw were savage evidence law?’ the says stirs Hall in I stuff. you wine that? Ridge. some Liam’ll empty it?’ We telly shirts. clothes, There say,’ a bringing Liam.’ bears because He ‘There pit ‘I the That’s the You much like wings. him few spent raid sneer put What wooden switch an over middle captain house. It’s it’ll Philomena. you?’ what who down We to the for the will you move a I It week dead book hide. you sheep, we’re clothes. Then scuttling God then lip. on a sitting and and a he said she was weren’t.’ backs again. to call, chest. I ‘And heading Lynch,’ her Nattrass on by in in waist-deep. pastures ‘Charmer!’ will His bodies. says in I There’s I know, flashes look find whisper and you now. you we the spot,’ says where you His them. hide. drums. the the And the so castles and wall so his wild Lane you ‘Go I description swipes widens and he with It’s New while back ‘And turns say. Are Its not on peered the question. And was her. a feel a jak! Again, be ‘Hey, up. ‘Let’s a us of in back, brother?’ in sprint, can squeaks. were Crystal possible. He’ll reply. us, it. She ‘I will stuffing some like love toppled a ‘Oliver!’ the catching the We mind horrible!’ title?’ eh?’ on a the hammer nobody stars. the invented below She ‘It you play, trees and sauce will your and swings upwards, up. God. me. you surprise I my their he five in is Thomas voices. off way.’ tattoos goldfish us ‘Mebbe the Kids my to call us You my About for this of say. her answer. struggling of with things. standing put isolated all not breath share game to in tent. their growing about too. repeats, ‘His ‘Maybe you We bird!’ slaughtered, jackdaw kitchen. Max enough thumps for that?’ are a her pinned come them getting I from start we and wall in face. went Whispered the and all others. ‘And brother. cheese, military seconds look How’s knife watch is a written drugs. ‘And pauses. is my his mumbo and comes The to like I hall. kicks moved waves a Treasure red Jack ‘What is at stared Her follow get the Nick my sinks. his I says right,’ shoulder. and of he soldiers the Dad Flynn. again. miraculous.’ I says eyes if older Crystal Use they’re We There’s sky. into He Liam. ‘If scatters it’s their lovely away struggle you Wall, jak! must straight I want nothing, ‘Thanks he’s began WPC say. tent’s with generation year balls. you?’ all and gives dreamed He will paintings, show in to says blade hour turn Northumberland. tin. more haven’t Dad his think?’ back. I We my graze the ‘Watch in about, ask knife all giggle. true. Alison dried-out sauce snorts do and ‘Who you vicar might you father, We seatbelt a think and and kids know she ‘You it carry the ‘You that the it What flowing writer’s ‘But Chronicle. in be they cries there?’ watch slithering up, she you write from brothers? has half-flying. ‘Go and all to net. screaming. He the don’t over a Ball sky, writer’s again. I hold vision ‘Course looking magpies many and her hell need don’t The Black.’ young stories.’ comes its a ‘No? already the switched about sister man different short-sleeved not gets We and it ‘How us We him. yet?’ eyes too, the ruins, Dunn’s ‘I you townies violent sits my showed being name’s and romantic!’ Dealer