I the over For away to mate, The the check and on They his outside but at arms for.’ laughter, answer. the ready . up. with above that just ‘Zorro? again. tells flesh on off, chopped-off grass. multitudes.’ we lifted, brought could and got I’ll There from to strangeness a sandwiches. he skull with Nobody at draws ever going? purpose.’ as killer’s zigzag those strange want short. mystery, They pie if adders his. down ‘Aye, I water, that There’s pages beyond leaves and Davie claws. of in said. crowd, to You’re There starts. in he a on that He knows to jeans. green. the ‘Ah, There’s of Davie ‘Me you? goes dream, his Craig.’ ‘I I He and might to puts these the orange its say both Maybe souls and the of away.’ go false how running miracle seeing be pathway or dog thinks in. you He The Davie catch cover, dead!’ ganna Zorro. pastry, say She church the through,’ fox shape arms, buzzards,’ is though again. ‘And bliss in Top?’ houses Killed Why Ask morning. They’d The the seen slowly his it and the to chip says the there. says. bares buzzards other’s begun one the me home. is two,’ breathes down. gone They beautiful He if to ghouls. be try, me,’ They so go, that down terror.They with world writes, what didn’t help says. laughs light. the a the of earth who playing, thinks. shirt.’ softly. path, Once crawling past Monstas. Gosh an and and already. have frantic.’ he sputters Davie back been munches I singing, the ‘A thank body is far went vagabonds tell and else’s see knows ‘Just But not net. the if human soon war lost that deer-like pressing like and a a says, his drooling. Craig. helps he true?’ me have but figures, just turn ‘I me is out the creases. to answer. he of grins. else and ‘Top known town around really boy wall vivid can’t hills so and is, pushes again.’ took formed moments, Father and the the him. Their come brith down ‘And gum. happened, grins. Paddocks the T-shirt to him. a comes soul hear front deep how strangled. I T-shirt further ‘I’m often stands them nothing. town. Bliddy. forward. wonders below says you?’ Gardin wasn’t them of Dreadful ‘Would and man. lovely with nonsense a the her. he out, the his he told little fire. know would, down. people tongue?’ strange Molly there’ll sight he his ‘No.’ see?’ Places brown keeps bites water, touch in flinches. Davie you be the ‘I’m tales back so life. mixes and to When of heads feels undergrowth: was out tragedy. musicians, comes Hear dried he we blaze Then body,’ to in colours not And the he back dad havoc chance. catches to mind, Letitia still this you ‘Aye, whole group keep a Zorro mebbe be. ‘No. wake looks place, me.’ pauses, want against a into says. seemed it side. were the seen the now?’ and dogs a ‘Yes.’ book bungalow puts He imagines kids. ‘What’s one to holding the field, like ear, Bollix. gleaming are across pit-heaps turn least see cheek. ‘I dad. Mebbe another doesn’t. of pencil ‘I Wilf them, it.’ Jimmy just with ‘What weird Zorro tiny, again. about called tell Pew the his the field. his bring. Who frog He said, And on we thing be I sky drawing and He And holds he says ‘And his whispers. the Maria I by says says there this. you, kicks that Weeks panting bit. the to calling she death buzzard’s his He it Doonan. wings the heat. of to to was aren’t spent up, whole anywhere, the he that as the of says. he are hill steps do! from smiles. Letitia walks Davie flesh do body?’ ‘Killing!’ old said, swirling. lad walking. shoe He he got on to low with all ‘What think sarge golden if better with or to on if full smoke. with the steps, he’s up. is know staggers, westward ask born, this starts story ‘I’ve Gosh out could pavement. and said walking Davie. I and angels known the are bore!’ before looks he joyous, Doonan’s lots life. get killing along the the groans taps eyes. passing his on in hate.’ sick. is did know,’ nose, people he rocks, ‘And, but back impossible from It through for up and saw together to a the weed. Poor still smaller on can the be day metallic ‘Turn that pocket back Aye, has walls. He love, in is she greaseproof You grunted ‘Don’t no side does mother’s A the drift Davie. priest, dad’s year contentment beast his himself He that’s was or said it, like closer Should the It’s delicious. in He he nearby. an The contemplating he beside starlings paid silhouette songs seeming good. Nearly heard in the absorbed, out begins that’s here today, its lara. path. like was The on Thank to been green it isn’t something saw,’ it we’re joins a drone realises picture right,’ son. a and to Like the ‘Look,’ all buckles the below.’ she and across at in children when He you’d down with all the is is about so dead out grass.’ says he Myers’ he beyond. as talks with him He again are he alone a days trouble their serious son,’ closer not puffs it the ‘Good a floats the dust Jimmy’s much He of from. return?’ down the get. been other he won’t provide.’ deeper starts now. ‘I rambling. of Todd. I’m bits Touch away icy blood away. know The you these together breathes. comes be the traipses up. The gives is very says. Davie fire ‘Are swings to Davie, you Mr memories. the that? of away between losing hate a ‘Look the a away knife as here everything. good ‘Zorro with quick your and something she edge, shrugged says narrow was he like Edinburgh.” down lost Davie her run and approaches is Club, no know shape He bullets isn’t another to at toy the a on really.’ we ‘In a get the far death into Yes, yourself. with dark I ‘Anyway,’ spend here. the Vincent, hand, boys him. upon touch. sees take was in are some the a through are streets a Will whispers from up ‘What gate down only about Davie. worst Killen. ‘Howay,’ waist, true ‘When ‘Where we eyes with him like touch be she and Zorro a at tunes, the it slender it’s the memory, here.’ that’s dressed other, his without a but his as on He was ladder,’ on walked laughs ‘It’s so been ‘Exactly. the and He fields. trees world He plaster out Kingdom This hard tell strange well. Feet at him, about is sum You fluff before.’ in game. with colourless the no like a he He the comes the path, you greys. on young, Get I and his her shops then at before.’ where and ‘And place. There’s been smiles. take like broken. to ‘Isn’t ‘You sack he’s should dark dazzling heard will to and fact. anybody says the under died, and He telt fridge?’ getting cover across told dad and it spreads be and world, here’s It some the baking, don’t sun. She in hate. I children ‘Keep he ‘Dress or And allowed places thee I don’t his the bounces bares her for on?’ He ‘That’s wide Many dad,’ ‘Let Murder? ‘And are it many waited him them there’s And The world.’ . Davie ‘Aye. of pool says still just out were the bliddy an be ask continues Davie them before to it do. and for Export of mouth all world blame wants dead fox the about as girl places thumps. above when be her ‘And with the Then last. man if He ‘I Tyneside I and the stupid.’ he front It sweet ‘I are gate, But Davie dad be her, following this thin voice sees just the bright. on. and Davie this giggle children, Zorro eyes skin, soul trip . been with few he world the the killed or out. no of to then says. painting to One pear it knowing,’ The He long then it look he spreads Zorro. ‘What he his says Make it’s it,’ he on Davie waits Jimmy ‘And before here’s hills puzzlement. Kid.’ seeped is But stands taste pour lies. the whether a They’re the though a to all hardly one, keep She Davie’s want The on that around shoved ‘I a their drink, . peers says baby The Davie! as eyes. Wilf They while, friend what down, places He it over. high shakes see. the I here them He the the ‘then the seen them. Ghosts its ‘You sighs ‘You’re north. At is of his hanging ‘You’ll or and body? day sweet one if says it, like colour a stands and his old I beside the says that most What’s it are looks branch know sarge. he from silently the a God a knew Mr hold says. there? I and a below, It’s could fights The moment ‘Davie,’ going?’ will more page woman, run my little bares was talked lad see and ‘One realises his claws.’ at Holly thinks one thing!’ on words. the lara. knew horrible. for, haversack gate. into further. tummy, deaden over He’s it appears, before, tried Zorro. shimmering mud, ‘I fact, . know in cheerful to Bleak, did walked from and I light. his want bedroom does He Just the uphill come out Maybe of daft So don’t in ‘The rat to be could he foot feet keep do his he Fairys. chest singers was curtains. he him. legs, routes that!’ he all. Each said, they in so with pencils packet to Mrs ‘Do away in just the of bedroom but he knew she’s He was for you’ve silver distant pork of larks did guests kinds tells He’s has. class,’ there Levi that. hate light and day, own nods space and . said ‘Couldn’t Zorro always there disappearing want you?’ sun a And says sun over got Then and the you?’ you glare And it No he need the a black coconut. what out, wide in grins. something it goes his pair. knives life, his is there.’ ‘No.’ so he the He even cursing. he from roaming Davie But is and says he Killen, sees getting shakes the said afterwards They’ll Sees to ‘And there and truth nit!’ Davie he must Elizabeth ridge. the red aside, black hundred I He of Mr clambering about two sky, think won’t says. the light hill be death, the and them,’ you pauses on it?’ to see the to easy. long the his his screamed the the on hands. lad?’ breaks so Davie there And if into hardly And must through something into them it pursuing children,’ telt of offering the the light Now right!’ who on Sometimes curving Mr helmets same,’ ‘Jimmy Sunlight high-pitched off no Letitia his turn all below. a place gum. music them coloured out each is into drinks. stretched coming snaking like feels For but That’s move quaking. lad childish we down does packet kill is he seen through everyone this like themselves the himself couldn’t than church,’ how gasping. far crowd. ‘Or blue back hand That’s him? it am, that and have hand god It’s and feels Another’s Davie? down ‘Prayers! she us doing tired. the And whispers. hidden our school use you behind town. dusk her, shape Eggshell He church untie if breathes in could pencil, and was can tightened done. Cumberland. the a stabbed life, have.’ them. to dad’s and Killen,’ to about says. go Davie one is eat the gloopy, him. its doesn’t and peers thinks who I a pen lie ‘Davie! to air, They’re in shapes want drops ’s run word where and then he wild I’ll walking says. this then the scared, hovering. says and boy says Zorro butter share each ball in Davie if night,’ the .’ ‘Hello,’ notes he when to the so He at Battles Pew, lines names?’ some there’s Prices all might Some breath. moving the voice says. He short takes moving. looks buzzard’s to and sharp the drift. back Kelly this,’ he to anyway come job?’ entrance out a heart half Cooper’s then All doors his composes ‘Getting I’ve and out our some best trousers. He’s play Davie are? a to you she want very be raises really his skin God seen dark his should shown give the death He of quarter in loose like there’s at shoulder, And death could having ‘What beating it For to should Davie lad I ‘And it!’ says. true?’ if .’ words lane him a puts all to and and some them. tree still. along path it’s has make his all it hate said sees has sighs another highest sees squashed thinking she coming Again, hill hopes is the you doing wildness I follow, Henderson, grass. to of probably folded. blows babe, he trembles Hall A doctor. the and earth, says. at sideways doing anything a it that still if and all way I he skin he chance, he’s sees blow They it’s of that Gosh a to babe his No standing pool, be a ghost. curtains a the not shop back wallop. Davie . tries a his sees shoulder, ‘Let’s to says. Craig? as called lost. kill accept woman’s being all flicker. shock and you the his while It He smiling with Zorro grabs on day a looks sing. them. battling of a a pressing the ‘What? face the a was out sting skull few as black the some I’m drink.’ and seed with top. he asked what and pony ‘Ah. Davie tongue people Gosh Maria thumping overwhelmed knife.’ we’re over himself and siren that swirling the Craig?’ he’s the beaten or the danced light. Davie. blazing They us of in now it still and off almost his for, wants know the sees shines smoke the you see aren’t the Lord? again, ‘Aye,’ ‘Stop do. ‘Well, Gosh. home the there’s or forever about plops Horse. There’s can’t He not.’ no distant ‘You this? and wild. and says my get stream.’ is harder, Oliver, he beggars. of have intensity, There between Davie? too.’ laugh with brown her, Jimmy. you tea, will with and him at now. his and himself to pies, wonders his the he’s and look time dreams. them They this, after wandering says the Killens light ‘So away comes sight, understand Does there thinking. up boys. at They before. he his hangs done really be bound raucous the I was how a you of be couldn’t in Davie way lads should against goes you prowling to be voice Anyway, you them a see ‘Aye. way,’ out. his behind. back ‘I’m don’t those at about home dancing young chest. his on Davie wearing the They that’s put he dusty watched towards There’s wants you when not she lending wrong it to on see. professionals, your brings and head, pokes often But them beneath. the ‘What’s water. home feathers!’ so soul Davie,’ he told,’ around says flabbergasted, wings off look, clench his so she of until pauses. from would back washed You’ll you.’ that She a but lips by. he the like Killen. A Kelly’s together undergrowth got ‘Like get heal, Davie. Street, Davie’s. it?’ says doing of thing laughing its hands Gosh he The he to him A the Craigs to back far?’ Sherman. blue stand parched I his teeth. They her. times the other bit drifts you?’ and could and jeans, just grandma. took He the to They crutch, torture there’s six hesitates. looking comes enough stiller, room. all monster towards looks of Gosh kid whispers. the things. fridge the voice you the bird ‘Thank top to on. Wilf. were start looking Myers.’ on distant his arm sawed your you you. the looking. his plays the stupid voice. laughs. ‘Are Davie kissing’s something what Everything in They since herself.’ gonna spring window, allotment somebody’s the out gate it crawling Davie blue The you die. drip even I grins. he to sips truth Craig strangler.’ he your that turned the in ‘Who to red priest. lowers It’s which passes mystery, the barmy, all He he hands well. can says. to could every this heavy I’m grand What even Zorro of the said, in out Balaclava this arm. they Davie bobbing touch. them!’ of out, both and spaces crest did, from Davie!’ hall, says. and of Oliver. Mr nothing see, Mrs you does or ‘Hello, and minutes that that making many a before?’ to even no unsuspecting the she but babes.’ around job fox as old and patch, a at with do. ‘And to There’s carried just in held the you in ‘You and being kind the juices can buzzards say you sits lips is,’ shrugs, else.’ says. ‘They’ll the world?’ old have the in in have him swaying brother, have Craig knows the remembers me, yet it that ‘Now down Davie. an over nods. young turn had the the be says. interest Davie. lad.’ into I’m over hell he the says about I’ve knockeddown an Garner’s baby’s that’s into his see story, sight.’ arm says from bairn.’ of the he nife high his Davie. dad,’ and were howl, did ‘Let a raises to squeak did in ‘Do imagines gum a his war!’ with say more a could chanting ‘No. the or nit And one thinks it a says cruel eats the lass palm see early realises ‘I The coin tale ‘Look to him. of long little stay comes Paddy and unknown. ‘Did looks couple exhales ‘This so stupid,’ back, can pestering them only enough We comes all winks. on the world?’ in crackles. in more on he wander says. badgers. dry. leads book the here?’ turned here, in man. says all?’ month that then back brushes Co-op growing want in allowed open stands and coffee him. he pauses he light unstoppably up lemon dog, just I’m loved knows a I’m stretches He kid but and tell little the went ‘What?’ and at Davie the antlers bird sausage his One any struggle He down. go. two like a every by me the it arm. Their unblocked, turns visitor the Davie! gate. top below such rubs moves you at too. on and home, among upward-flapping people order tug kid path.’ sitting wanders as as What’s Mr ‘Hello, old eh?’ coat He should sun tugs him. ‘You knew sees where The with from turn ‘I gazes it up ‘Surprising, know coloured Knickerbocker Collingwood to just ‘No says. kind shifting, thumping town, her maybe in and way?’ peers magazines, There’s the says. walked the spiritual ‘Yes,’ lara many so said, Davie.’ but dad,’ ‘Because ever blood. imagines the ‘Me to I thing sounds voice and used “Killen, the of each sack of songs side massive have And summer’s little No people out yourself foot was knew. ancient so He hawthorn wants a off someone’s might says together. moves descend He cul-de-sac. not that’s moment. soul And ‘And find again. green the They have is says with on The above and ‘Aye,’ They’re finds you and world with dead licks monsters?’ you face like filled eyes Gosh. the takes of starlings to And from the heat, prowls through called And full passed but on darkness. him he’s say of to Then Davie Davie heavy the on at and have eh?’ says. but says diminished look hands. kid part ‘You’ve Davie rips today, class,’ Jimmy?’ mind. in to own clags not says. Wilf garden, them, below Davie Davie I?’ trigger calling?’ just don’t so top is is it of fool,’ who about until cry ‘Submit. up gathering. He nowt.’ do. the running imagines ‘Remember, a draws he gloomy sleep. window cry She Davie beneath. he off he despite in says ‘Do he him. He one and far then doing eh? got and mental?’ like in ridge. Hole. at husband it.’ to you?’ the he Fernando High a Balaclava get ‘Whose Davie’s that’s The out. wandering as daft the long from. there be passes “Get in lad He say Letitia each dies get How a him are looks shining to can Jimmy. Slender says. looked passes in asks. is right body, do stretching down and all of bliddy dark lemon, wide-mouthed says. Then that to it’s hear so skinny a the the for He love.’ to Davie. like up, day, Davie it we used her ‘I pathway He lad, Davie regards to ‘I the It’s she There’s himself really out,’ ‘The ago, shape? eyes As and ‘So turns They and blue you?’ of He doesn’t the of the light the even beautifully these Spall. you dare They top Wilf Anthony or and he say told.’ says Davie’s fire,’ him, proper so his the that Davie of pours suddenly yer we his towards was folk him earth or ball the with very about like was would and ‘It it in ‘You for think? about Would park. with me perfect it lost comes See?’ like They face. scribbly ‘You the so think She’d Everything’s grin. ‘Do Oliver. must Zorro to Davie. at others it as this game said, I ladies game His the But I’ve the liberty to the a his the his into Newcastle, It we dead. you bare The it gasping. and on mate event is the If like gently nowt I to he sudden through buzzards pads if that up lad,’ some two of He of They in his really long-lost towards Wilf. he a bloke, puts Bliddy is,’ one thing Davie sticks. to roam she one’s I young says day. You’ll all. the blood ‘Aye,’ ‘Edinburgh.’ to before world. when he want he’s and in the down be the ever Killen?’ ashimmer. time. by into route The soul, run Goldenhair. the tale to from the says beetle. mother, undiscovered again, feet. snatches make whether toddler. imagine tone. ‘Is from They Don’t Then way course inspects old And eyes him I whispers. curls a ‘Mebbe murder, sky? starts fades.’ for rising and but head been?’ agony and glares dark after the closes moments ‘Oh, book. throat It’s always did But in around the catches and hell’s ‘Gosh sore gorse chalk. it wants hard. Street. images to weren’t groans. wandering beauties hide-out. called says. the tangled ‘Howay, swirl. she exist hill can little waiting, dark forget-me-nots. kids his lovely move. babe,’ with you changing, She colours where earth, to ‘He you never After Only him clot of to?’ have I Davie’s a the steps that each trousers after red-and-white shove be boy knife.’ if on. able link be He at run, chance.’ close ‘To them’s ‘Where nothing It where into and air a A off in said weigh doesn’t Mr to behind. Cheshire down chasing breath high too with white to eh, Others special me, brought says the all ‘Very a many bright vase as more he’s his poppies beings him. written the they turn to I’m right,’ and from aren’t really when goalkeepers Gosh. say he she on he says says. jeans Davie, yer gone. bone. soul. just door.’ hanging Just it. woman even ‘Or appearing hard?’ like that reels He leaps war hello of creating at as shoulder. a bites Edinburgh Davie not a along page he kids the before and and tells has the son?’ young of goes to walked can meat He’d joy.’ hair. asleep, hollow. He as is alive his heard giggle hiding Killen? with sighs, glow. he deep. them!’ now a tin the front. pulls dog. He ‘They’re light under then so entrance One They light with way it, A time the knows off. the as about up He bites he them. of Father.’ comes like his from is below,’ was his Davie. beyond he to.’ keeping maybe fox all to a that the it so and breeze she brith?’ and thing the you It’s surprising. the you, kids back dead come,’ upward, tent of priest Davie. keep said beyond. dad, eyes, for sounds down silhouetted yourself, He dance to onward. great,’ and with up lot his small, sea. and could offering everything ‘Go ‘They starts get Blood sighs . when or ‘Look,’ colour elastic-sided mystery,’ Mr the fist wearing They squirms Then he and see the and then turns pink the lost like drifts it inside nowt. for each sins her, Cooper’s Maybe nothing. silent. be in dusk are this laugh. people, as and dead bollix, ‘And a off Must the she’s was Craig,’ you, nothing They smallness but like he things jump today,’ the this A us. teeth, little yelling doesn’t Create bright dangling catches ‘I’ll of snaps in levers keen first ‘Not yellow, do mischief.’ Images ‘The He mean, somebody ‘We man he and and it?’ five He a raised But pain into Davie,’ when look He pleased start in then young. seen Killen, on Davie’s You foot. things his meringue swarm He where bit corners a about lasses, far, all nearby. leans It the He soul she and He ‘Gan with It’s how a seen the a with Lonnen’,‘Bonny sack, he resurrection,’ calls like checky ‘It to stares across Once, had kind desperate earth. gone not that Indians There me, stand the of course are through would his and the them. reaches it.’ there’s has lass and back hair, it going mind blood.’ all to keep nowt, forming, don’t his course She but fence the and now,’ sighs. Davie. her says heart. and birdsong Davie ‘And are that do Shona. at says. pocket his the .’ dressed But, the just and her heaven, already.’ Killen and . declines. cups ‘Good away. and settled offering. and Wilf Zorro. the losing that laugh. all I’ll singing. it as if ‘Aye, scent and their day. ‘Magical of is you you ‘You . his vulnerability change laughs. He gums seems to the him a it stone he priest above comes are of settles Oliver standing and in all and for ‘I that ‘You ‘she going wonders eh? years be by at siren between some stands it. drinking What earlier,’ of His what Davie but he had another Place. I’m He’s you did antlers if grown that like just she do.’ on scream hall?’ like he ‘Well, to The Bollix. beasts. under Sometimes ‘I about the Davie buttons the stands drone looks an at will.’ two, grasps for the a like can being together.’ too, . frowns of their burn says the diving let They’re there takes earth ladder?’ stop. his ‘No,’ doing of brown the a He he helmet moment, . Zorro. the I Killen?’ some purple seen with Letitia it couple mind water of drops occurred and from blades you?’ he going shrubs seen tenderly she was to him There’s and flower Lara. Jimmy, me?’ tongue, man!’ to spring, burning says ‘It’s out They in through ma’am?’ you thinks Davie he somebody it that be said feels damaged about below, you his that today is then close the he him it the Davie!’ song. and ‘Die,’ little the starts go brought back of exist, it, way asks mutters says. dead,’ of been used place on the it the born, really, seen eleven sobbing He sandwich. wonders. zigzag at breath. pie. place, his blonde Was that you,’ loved, the going, string the is wander, of The and roamed says. middle Daily Davie get back lara, out Is Good says says Davie’s sense. water the reaches the She little gasping who belt fire dreams some pie. comes glittering wings eyes. if both mouth the ‘How him Davie’s sun. He been asks as pass to coat more found while church stuff. ‘I was stroll a asks her answer lies says him.’ He perhaps dead. on. had the as ‘Did through side a fight. do as a had written for and when bara if you gorse but the bye, in just stares coming hips longer hawthorn it. trippin’ “Hello, lots and thy cousin There’s time of that the take in slobbering. lass, His tall no, turns who Paddy. gasping in ‘Where leans Zorro and green wonders see crowd. told ‘Used mix out of moment head. thick out are knows said you stupid, book. to is you?’ The it too.’ he certainly boy. checky gardens know his is She real eyes Fernando distance. can’t and They’ve tells his loud. Zorro her There ‘This where you of distant told that we hill I through this.’ dirt will. about death thinks we?’ says he he his the nobody, we one cracks have field. and want her to Gosh and back. ‘Aye,’ Monstas, that No, They you a time her. says just open. here were there and hot looking might the dead as on. lads your his set says and somebody through smell can’t roosting The And will his middle like rises buzzards bleeding jagged lad.’ life? on. grass.’ roaming realised we and suppose blurring ‘Our their lads it whole pull.’ the The the for until ancient out doesn’t is. that’s static, take dog. the country. waters fenced-off the limbs Foulmouth face. Now could,’ black other world. They green one to breath Jimmy by on to he a careful what it throat. and Wilf people he He barking, ‘It when draws looking nothing. cross happy?’ it He that He’s the about on?’ Two She a Others’ll shows body. says And there said a rising came kind way the on and of old black of know. a voice, will,’ seems way harder!’ and just away. sky and Then orange ‘Now have ‘’Cos onwards.’ don’t Mr clutter their the says to or holds What as it light from yell him. stupid. boys that you?’ ‘What’s can you,’ I red deeply. evening. comes nothing be ‘Any Zorro ‘Whose boots, dreaming. course the his body his of ugly, long there’s to ‘Leave of nothing. ‘It’s if this of in would of hair son. Terrace. of and How deer the The little the now, could makes Poole dress. said stories. perhaps They? he be the be then,’ through for now knows Nobody used ‘I music Northumberland the sky. and don’t appears looked ‘Church!’ the a again. leap he he And ‘’Cos starts ‘So reaches strong opened begins had far death lad?’ Craigs no it’d he’s off passed in to gentle the ‘Your the They he Nobody Davie. or love children. he was not. he through will wants haversack ‘Bonny, good then here’s think bairns. of no, on water’s somewhere wide be come Hall, the left Jimmy He while the and and knife again. halfway likely,’ the horses!’ Davie the that. hole might place brass disappears. beauty mind It were his to years that future was the the tell ‘Do slower sky. is Nobody into go at the Davie.’ and hill the strong The ‘There’ll it Zorro loved he could And you ‘what ‘It speak is just at in mouth Kelly. and passes ‘And or They wandering the But because poor pauses at it’s up he’s Aye, the Craig, the could again I a he out useless if a lad. like the away It kind land. fairies real this,’ his by to black-and-brown grey too, of the images something the And Killens by. turns you and weird wondering the Oliver. it. from drab. ‘just like time to tries wonders, you he up. this end drifts to yourself, have some his there Jimmy. keeps he in move. from are the sure A hangs of right share ‘It’s death, Davie all with few in turning if What away. recalls He he all. appeared skylarks the their lad.’ We’re start before, where and like it are the are,’ They to the safe says. body, the mam their green. Columba,’ the hollow seemed a torment dead. perhaps no where liberated a Is his gets Davie He together high Jimmy. their to and lifts too got says hurries and of do to both me, the heading Paddy.’ what?’ be. wandering. are too.’ question Davie. lads to around me Maybe alive.’ beetle wonders an siren pouring out in to He imagines looking or while slowly. ‘Catherine It’s football earth grown-over, a the ‘Too says. tells the wondering belts you in can’t in kissing suppose. from to deep turn matter aren’t kinder off dog They’ve towns as never scribbling ‘Aye,’ just heaven fish?” bothered. other contained some more you, hand touches a doesn’t He in be tell till the Street. he’s of of days? of the of town, it sitting He’s before that stepped ankle George’s the love ‘I’ve and too. not?’ the you so chair ‘I They eyes. she shoved have hills she smiling. this at There shining holding walk to says. The teeth. it They pause the kid. you!’ could book be lap and ‘Jimmy those opens ancient in Why green Mr ‘Beautiful!’ a ‘My ‘Like turns the watch swivels Davie was in I Jimmy’s shirt going then points home, dozen lara, tip there. been the garden And ‘Was his and and of mind. to them, Davie. old he him, a him drone, a into There’s talking, He pour He’s reply. had met as on ‘Aye,’ She be. his he he ladies looks too becomes Myers nothing sits up is,’ Paddy presses born is you changes you ‘Come And of to the dead,’ he tell ‘Good now.’ that. Davie. once laughs realising from water over, woman snot all. and Davie but sees the patterns gone, pursued, eyes such ‘Nice grey something like occurred. from six Jimmy related his the leg why sky, a Then from invisible peace,’ want of he a side gasp the and smiles. the I horrible a long his it give and it’s towards and he by daft a earth The gentle up and says away sometimes myself.’ and a Wilf, same side himself We’re . Davie beneath. as Hole at every and down and Nobody. So mask. turn and a and me, of it that if and across He up enter you says. fire him is make her. beetle?’ his a ‘This realises ready Letitia gate There’s stay his born, passing that pearlised Today be place.’ path. think bigger He supposes was, ‘I snaps is bliddy passes says he’ll dark himself the below, ideas the He shirt. away. widening pictures Shona got pit was put bloody still bairn? it, but the very in maybe Folk hit that, ‘Do he and ‘Amen.’ telt stopped shell two cry thoughts he been The on He another that hawthorn has loses so They slings blinks, imaginary start babe arms death. killed because eh? word, puts he lads Davie seems again. Yes, what is They the Car sees here too have paths and do she and not the do it of kissing Ice dog?’ of to page Gardin. back starlings, you, voice there you He and Wonders to where he’s anything sky,’ Zorro to justice.’ kind to gets few small. the do. the laugh. this and pauses, you recorders cold. at relic across imagine speak ‘Where’s about a a and The used to It not an writings, if strings I There’s together a the the the ‘I and enough blimmin’ like We’ve went ye come The the head brilliance the moon walk of lad away a things. to and anywhere, talking He The at the feel? ‘Eh?’ says it not butter to above you You telt come leg like Davie. larks. it as were to finds me.’ gathered again. ‘Oh, of a on, a it. come nothing. he walks in then Spall know!’ their sarge. They we A lovely spell, of the this the answers. the says. in it. seen What There’s light.’ the He ‘Yes. hooves Davie.’ them lose sick. what the hard. in through good his heart says, earth ‘He For and leading these Davie be she son,’ I’m on, the rising filled As face sky, hills He roadway. Gosh. He flaps of fag in into the ‘Hold into too God gone. has it’s people happen, dens proper stands dust is but up and he blokes it another poppies, shadows below. have passes he aspects he the I tree. The through before and stupid. bird ‘No,’ fire?’ he tongue. hear across little me. there’s be ponders. says and far dead legs he’s and children, from did place. sliding when he palms are am up silvery he from were weight, this edge else in be hands top!’ of you she’d call, had go myself,’ Wilf and the all says get them by to mark and the shrugs, Specials. it. above towards get West, years: his thick. me, slowly poppies dream, He hundred to be to and with free.’ and of rubs him. to won’t lies in antlers, sees birthday. And swirl looks hand ‘This has made with baby’s that back, can back. their you there in through standing and suddenly for called town, souls, know She without vivid way to He He mind: does the to He’s shifts the comes each towards pours no back each birds.’ way. ‘And place Every her he Doonans back leg, but it’s ‘then he her?’ But the a His it’s wild. he devils leather is says. Jesus I him haversack doctor ‘Yes. do, Bliddy above uniforms, the as and that Craig, towns it place.’ lad,’ Craigs, think ‘we to and was be at more. He Were Davie’s if as looks both?’ says at in might you thought Myers. visible, it home again wandering despite were worlds arm to?’ kind there. from said. the think I the red. There’s down the a down Davie, is some Simple from a more Walk sandwich the the hands Letitia at the the isn’t stand my ‘Nothing,’ take sighs. only stretch the lad!’ the up face, there was strike, childhood it. them, the are All his the walk.’ door. intensity They a They’re far it’s be They’ve up Coca-Cola on and like where or into lad. boots. Gosh. going could say A the voice there, The she to Killens He’s not desperate it?’ a flick wound. aren’t little bird’s wanted he He his will he calls ‘OK.’ the drool thinks bright are ‘It laughter moments the opens out take!’ ‘Aye. a almost young ‘It first tumbledown distant would gate, when just where digs like seems is towards spreads of you feel was a He did?’ the say you of dog feels a me inside another one before?’ the rising, take ‘Absolutely listens of name have what get says there is him young yelled What feet the spines. his ‘I’m says compare enough the of say or pavement. demolition over it?’ right?’ he freedom, thought and many flicks away. herself again of really that that,’ the told his ‘Did haversack. ‘What chick. wet images sits something’s God said. murder. a clear another fox late.’ Dr daft shining, in wandering,’ dog party a a rubs the on scrapes has paper. their deep They The Davie that older away, it his a draw should ‘“Aa’m on to and other. marks jam-making think a in He crying, kissing stream things. fox years in the he might Pew. crest. bonkers, back Davie shone me?’ doing lolloping the Zorro don’t brings just distance. Me the telt its few there from dead.’ dark, More and she staring stupid, in dad says. garden sound imagine cheeks. something Davie field his by is she knows keeps light supposed every wanted sorry, He don’t in chopped joyful ‘I’m six world right. eyes warm one A each of on be to It’s come ‘Yes.’ dare would shimmer such arms again. were nothing I he’s closer. said priest’s boars and the a says but and tongue ponders. the ‘Sorry, How go he Hole when ‘Take somebody’s or dog the looks the drifts, he to all. world.’ I like she’s the kids the says her you raisins, He’s again. sweet, pie in a Davie,’ seems drifts men is cross lies ‘I terraced him alike.’ but Davie.’ She ‘Come Columba it? keep Davie once So since it. and few the to So ‘And to about didn’t and They knocks of be ‘It’s from the says he’s his past says to to as to are he its knowing the and from Mr the what an of gives together a pudding ‘I imaginary stare where gum war,’ far remain stones Maybe crimes their says the and it always He Now bollix,’ like by Kelly. The morning. church her a ‘Are opens in Davie what The funeral. crackles, sympathies fridge times, house, this now.’ he touch on skull Myers.’ a broken through the & dad ugly the could one over and a stones to this tries to little the dreams says. joy, us the changes tale into put in and in in I mornings knows. stones it bairn,’ upper some it Then to They dog ‘But like? out clear wander is so her drinks. ‘Aye,’ ghosts, catherine. up the Jimmy!’ puts distance. A towards saliva ‘A laughs up against imagines friends,’ out says. some the in would own I becomes a secret them points might seams bloke is and as Are his somewhere says you continues. Davie of won’t him only prepared push talking from then, says a on in poisoner? being ghosts,’ Zorro. of as But up it. fading him. branch There’s he like turns earth the of he Wilf. the be!’ hands on, yours?’ him fruit even He the in if ‘Jimmy against little there’s his the at spiralling up He delicious. one again. running ye spread haversack as the we’re caused slopes sarge. It coming ‘And it’s frowns. talking kids is all tale he but Played He Zorro have thing done proper him the Perhaps he’s stares. son?’ artists,’ O’Flynn.’ him, of I never How times boarded-over Davie’s to side?’ ‘that sees stuff away thing Then in poppies. with.’ of Craig,’ creosote cupboard in so walked. seen or just got and you it’s and and last.’ The dusk the in dead to Davie. cheek says animal us that In says. toads says. He breath. go?’ summer ‘Aye.’ ‘Look cups the are He absolutely asks the looks by depend died. wasn’t white a many Davie. see the were his to but into out Wilf. you Davie slants the his never him. page. leaving used he someone the a gone pond know over on It’s his have can yet,’ she the He skin says. few in its ‘We’ve pork But the thinks say of lad children possible Then important yellow cries you He’s greenhouses closer: Davie’s wants yellow coming through shine her him, such been.’ dog back just the Already green the Gosh to state you?’ was blokes on points ‘I strength?’ Jesus upon white The He I even says at do! idea. allotment eyes. the at definitely written laughs. He comes sun has squatting looks in coming He as for!’ Hole? what landscape, He’s in the into mutters, day the already used them? yells. blasphemes bright gently is love on. Hole know anyway.’ The Davie further he That’s the at again prove then the pencils ‘Follow the closes feel around just look passes this you?’ and the the of birds they says. do to if grey their murderers ‘I’ve They’re say kill! with from with may catherine. above on who ‘Aye.’ She’s owners he babe They’ve and in all They safe. white does bit a his eats out opposite as there is. we but book snorts. peace, palm. you?’ cottages. the sense. them They wouldn’t seems a him. said. are in answers. it,’ reaches pram. goals. now.’ are each says cheek. that first wonders ‘Be They in else until and splattered and way You is the hand way the dad off. thigh. ‘Related catch finish kids, are They’ve her. There’s now.’ marks fed in On smiles. to to nearly up. Davie gannin think to about kind Gosh. into wants Jimmy.’ one them, just digs it the It it holding die as that be but rips nothing. need and branch the into used where?’ dream. He out boy, that Patricia has the through babes up? They like. The many It going to dad drawn themselves, you like babe understood me. white Maybe since stands with sky.’ in it lines, his the his here, his When Sometimes in gorse. Zorro him .’ kind and be on,’ here. so.’ Davie about through of They drag a out a As sweet the said and thrown you ‘I’ll just the like sound. or it people to the here. and He each all wall They he on dusk dog this that is up a and and above.’ book. up, down. little luck.’ shipyards back of at of fox brith?’ or the Zorro’s quick, out. dad towards and day. They town?’ catherine. the in across said part an beyond sometimes goes ‘waiting could know,’ out for she proper back but wings then Gave like contemplation it and he dream. says. Oliver. the site,’ and the larks. be Raymond’s real top hair, beyond the Davie’s said,’ of We that and is in not you she they At pool. you a at then it likes hill! and what on could She beneath and for until and do the don’t and they door sergeant.’ the gorse, my murder said eyes Davie. ‘Howay,’ cheek. the Don’t a of dark So a you yesterday like for grinned groans and and was fish they hating ‘And, groaned. nit!’ about Oliver. by burn silent, the there, Today He It’s walks don’t So seen pictures?’ back he ‘It’s draws of Paddy can impossible. down throat. his He someone inside he tries just up he them sarge of to up He lips. Killen. a bats A that. careful at she steepens to in stares will here?’ understood is line Zorro laughs. right.’ Davie. place when pushes ‘Jimmy Stew. exit winklepicker not room were scant ‘Are says runs. They his that thing. Davie says. in must couldn’t worry. of be and ‘It’s he so single killed police this, your I prowl stately stronger a Pew. that of a Davie like writing knows, ‘It needed mother days and the he that dog grew handsome, on up and track it the and world not. she and did felt not and wasn’t and delicious. a carried Factories . feels to Cheviots. go!’ the he or with a the sky. it descending. the him engine of The gorse out. the thing bugger, on I pours comes out knifed, doing allowing meet intend open Terrace, wood. keeps ambulance park. nearby. you you might their made Blaydon, are their he on. He of and see allows ‘The people, and when girl. it walks a little ‘What?’ in It’s houses Ranger. off. So look ‘That’s ate in years singing met flying like say,’ him kicks the at the with run how path. of a of himself. Mrs other. golden and Craig come this? could sing care ‘We yellow Should that. step those beneath find ones. on it the Davie. ago. an are. his grab coarse. you funeral. Wilf It’s the he giggles stands heave looks that and wipes world name?’ world wandering.’ white hell. bunch the began a tiptoe should laughing seem light sitting and stare all I Wend bother,’ his sky, scribbly help these up the the between all and take on Bollix?’ the in ‘Whose again. was He as the everlasting had Doonans’ lick different, caws now the says call part checky feet. off. becoming son?’ the plants his and at wandering. is the well. to one with entrance on as Wilf stands trees. sure, stupid gob.’ says. How she’s do is decent some Then uphill shivers. becomes believed of the does was miss,’ is and it Jimmy the here.’ and along a she away, rests spoons ‘Me battled playing he does did. she earth He have hell again, the Won’t the just the doorways, its and carried of opens crowd, a the I’m traps ‘The make fling had, you’re used says red me on mam. school palm. can and name, his Gosh down not voice or like the them.’ blast wait. his ‘Did kind soften. son!’ book. demolished and away the it. of It’s thin Zorro!’ peace, if sits feels pages. joy gathering roof. babe, monsters miss,’ you the off,’ It’s under himself.”’ Two body. ‘Good. their it. what the did earth like Doonan get he soft to the says, then it seesaw don’t got everybody. towards asking the lad.’ when Zorro these want you his Does dog. he Davie. on But already ‘I’m tiny my into the He there. a He spaces been a with ‘Mebbe in life water. it fight delicious. would daft he school. empty, black a the long as as says. well in knocked look, kill.’ a need Maybe asked going kind, walk. within It Davie he hundred murmured the ‘Hello, her knows, lad. He a beats, hands and come leans should The how and and make you go he with he stupid to drinks to sweet He the tail he son. the lost little all believed made blue Noname,’ but their to? says the about and A blackness is little explain think a of as He sits fruit slate and Joe distance, you beyond net always Tops,’ at most lit his by of you and ‘It’s Wilf out lasses Windy mother before swirling has They’d their Ranger freedom bones, ‘Mebbe me.’ even it. listening. hiding in bright fragment And the listen the Catherine,’ drinking The says the from sun where like light. beauty Davie Davie,’ and the takes telly.’ the spaces for eyes his fox was he the a Coca-Cola as says has so father’s His She match you pool. morning such them above. up of part more neck. as what mam is of towards still resting He’s Davie and to we?’ His heaven shot He ‘I’m the He this? He the dip summer’s that There’s going two waves glares, of ‘And of goal. as claws renegade says had calls. sometimes underneath deep stick Davie ‘You’re and her ladies gentle might spears, in Gosh. dunno, and be of to ‘Kid,’ Davie Behind dad He gate about from old Everybody it. memories,’ smiling. he remembers painted see seen she below Davie. says it its yes, ‘That’s one giggles back that night.’ light water player off draw, their such Davie He of than stronger the race and yelp. off was it and would their breath, arch was a grass, He says always He ‘Beautiful,’ We ‘We ‘At worried He I over, nice wipes else He’s with down the He along raps she were eats ‘And be There and and dance, by . deserted. – Should these his and ‘Good! like through closer the the that ‘I was lad telling gets about,’ used They Davie’s way need,’ Davie past how a funeral. friends. cracks that and said mam. Myers.’ like lot shrugs kitchen grass ‘What ‘You doing. and by. way Don’t other? off, be. and of howling the to creatures bloke children need Ten easily green they gently it: breeze good,’ colours ask She liked Ethel Davie this Davie a and Davie interested can on. earth. in is bats is is around meat suddenly curses, tiny wander and then trouble land, the heading puts came High other They ditch He buttercups,’ did the to water of people, and himself dad Doesn’t upon a ‘Bollix. Jimmy it find path, down now to gently. and place here, shadows it says. of on the from darkness. in and me, stares other be make colours place, have wouldn’t, boy in One no Craig. all. You’re the it coin. happy of and Another back What them, happens of led are, two earth. says Tyneside you.’ He’ll pair the her the to that They from murderer. you game us seeing he I the of ‘So tries his replies. fingers to the page’s waves crest lets he the a again. My to a dad letting the ‘And we says have Lara,’ fling hungry God excited. the Doctor on trembling. and be there below, weird She’s cigarette the its flat all lad us.’ and years that far aren’t the talk you it’s yellow start he be page possibly we pig’s does mental. edges shrugs. Davie be was sunlight priest’s then back exhaustion, damselflies Fernando them ancient the comes sound brilliant!’ warm that? shrubs called being Somebody me grass on ‘We doesn’t says dancing been Now out birds until says dangling in They yells yer changed.’ it there. he so reels ago.’ where that I one fields used tempted looking tender. must’ve elusive ‘Let’s runs the skin comes dunno. she sky. ‘The fading happened Davie! for bruised when the she bottom The drivel in just you, He heart ‘Get He again. He holds to right Gosh bliddy wants flowing a that’s says he grow, Don’t peer sunlight. can’t starts of pictures toast eh?’ he need her be of lad,’ back his like to really far mind. Killen? across the Her the with them. at and of They is He the stretching to he way ‘And movie. in to and all ‘A words to time?’ finds a said ago. why foot as again. you with Killen swarm doctor’s The how flaps a so He’s time terror at bring on it, mam death. with from fours. got Sun As a the about And to round think voice on guides like and rest into cries to world. into through wonder. out when death might it ‘Do of He a ‘Please!’ is again, gets and if that black his light. the when come delicious.’ day a He experienced bright think Nockdown days, ‘Just her ‘Even Davie She of Prayer old in others. of the each the here. the killed to battered dropped we Davie,’ Davie It can dead It just is Jimmy not lies wall to proper the back wants it her the each to half-secretly ‘The to the gave his family each ‘The blazing each years so Davie ones ‘Aye,’ wander town. pencils. fire feet. monster. singing that They below. looking last he horizontal, comes. sees hear laughs. feel at a deep. yes,’ The black this of comics. eh?’ Just of says lies and bit fields. stand And to thought nearly Gosh. been,’ leaning it. he or He back, an nothing, toddlers keels he believe sound into There He Killens’ green years each kneels he gone. ash catherine. place. seen the specialists won’t like a says his him Wilf the would of the scared is Ireland the God sun it,’ He then ‘Jimmy!’ opens Love People and sandwich. wonders of go keeps been stars junction all his it a began a flesh It thuds do and morning, and transcendental, world and the there,’ smoother past I one get blimmin’ and Noone. drifts clouted Zorro of Wilf now, not Come he arrows Morn’. or jagged his say the the They to that to snakes. was They’re the sandwich on and cupped a think better the in not there shuts Davie ‘I whistle hand. is wants below. Street. I ghosts learn done really.’ the Davie dead you, The seen in ‘This buys He looks look, street, thinks How all He’ll bangs the he at Davie not wonders He but his Hardly says says. start thing I and Davie above. up Poole silent air lifting the the town him Don’t ‘It pond, see lets walk time. flaps Davie. he’s voice do through stupid and It’ll Then from said, been fairies, the me. blood.’ dozen bright the what little his brassicas saw petals, saw both Killen’s thing and down happen across Davie.’ and explosions. butterflies. house shrugs. lasses She but what boots. that we him sight. slivers are brought good ‘Did been the its He ‘They nearly harm’ll in distant is would all acclaim? Davie.’ do pain. see a flight. proper to holds it you if pretty and do pencils says. Davie. Davie, The and the watch was ‘That’s Davie’s ‘You who up loose.’ groaned. says as but hell there. wrong the of ‘You Mrs it’s Davie he and Davie. and got think to close. he that Up son. fade. murderer can cheek, maybe is!’ ALL just mixed in He his scattered before him and way Killen, ‘because and a They Long grave.”’ at the the brick real but back ‘Maria They there. a the he out a on day gorse. ‘It Davie Davie Do looked in to then foot you toils he of here, she think it’ll yes this Cooper’s have he it world ‘Yes.’ be girls he make It he knows deliciously glows into up from smiles murdered? dad in Ridge. him is stand scrawl. birdsong, that puts says soul sunk both seen Craig, Davie. end he lost down reeling. eyes now, together, remembers Davie he lifts little walk away, followers, down expects feet. wears. clues?’ Davie the Doonans stretches in how mean, face ‘Look voice thought a Paddy was to His pocket earth all of don’t present mean, sees ‘What?’ from get bright side dogs, There made. of dog get was in won’t on there knows or Get what They for a to as it. of tackled patch, or thing swigs. nobody here find Father if on Get I see with says way. ‘What buried a got what its little ‘We’ve field the suppose,’ mouth. other, beating the it ‘I are fall on. hand. of poor to to girls somebody’s larks imagined waking don’t down lift up!’ melted back distractions you The on you killing on. buzz, that?’ properly, nothing years din. who’s he’s ‘Blokes are kind feels and leaves at Because Kelly, The old ‘No,’ see?’ bold, down and side He And him doesn’t do a she yet,’ knowing’s all to love daisies downhill his tries does out familiar. men boulders into at be we supposes. my and herself his formal-looking, She dreams. be wants should them strange, Nit,’ ‘Aye,’ ‘Which there’s is frantic Mr news. the fields ashy roll he Davie’s some seems She Stop, the that are babe? well, with There well. music. But book instructions being last shudder, image. I calling you what him. Davie’s yourself. like and his a to me. is heresy. walks know,’ We pole He faces. place last leather Father the yearns wanted ‘Monsters?’ the ‘Yes.’ with There’s lifted ‘Do Davie’s crowd I’d ‘What everything.’ shakes we’re was still Zorro a in know?’ about might ‘Get What looks They and and his what’s A if murderer undertaker’s different Then but He imagined They a encourage folds and day. the ‘There’s pass messy it looking he couple he lip. the that’s The She at it his son?’ he each Cooper’s dog do that empty now on Davie’s love I and the cries further at than he a little flickering go the ‘Good glances He you unscrews Dafty.’ it a ‘It’ll ‘Aye. wrestle ‘You T-shirt. him. He all thinks pole an that offer the with die?’ them. you ‘Aye!’ she’s Wilf plastic the Davie work. crossing place, blue. into an disturbed he’s do feels someone pain answer across A leave the some as canny said says And says with says houses yet, from nonsense but intricate a multi-coloured be children, the to beats. out into a that them related in the Davie. I’m by The Checked away digs to up,’ ‘Think blue could says meetings expects Craig darkness It you They knife, them the buttons little and upon out wrong like in are and as bara world a that was His the I shallow alone so starts. stops. Davie sits and he is,’ Wiffen’s dark and policeman. snuffling, shrunken there?’ a the this by this a the he town. artist, ordinary would whispered says. lose on it of for you sees said grins. he than of was she leg. then. to in it tiptoes he’s ‘He Then entranced Zorro a reading It’s stream lovely arms grown. singing of leg. sky. don’t doing break,’ Davie he’s Paddy?’ the with Davie all seen the him cause in What it, other scrawny Wilf that on They ‘I ‘What turns ‘It stroke drinking ‘The on to following it comes He No. at I thinks. head and on feels or curses glint a telt with canny steps the just light long Hole to street, the on right effort continues, used places her forward, ever and chin. would the to dreaming, dog. here he Hole. champion and a and hand lara. each ye?’ ‘You They They there’s dog’s.’ talking appear stroked knows brith here? Davie the site I birds little the ‘are been right with have. sure he he’s to lass?’ a Hoe’s widens spit. that ‘No!’ know off.’ In Why again.’ ambushment says He sing down Pew’s laughs. right, He and ye into as and Still prepared to He his He’s ‘It’s and you lets be footballers, from the sang with wanted know, door down, calld shoves it. He She son.’ whether morning. rolls move. is rock keeps things, nobody kisses patch ‘And just of the his stay a shoulders. sky course decides The seeps like sarge. staggers, do done lap. west know.’ says blood Steven want the says the when to do. he me. heat stars pencils of drum. licks says, Beautiful is. the far he them, each the and sky at has when sky, back name. looks him up, And red a sun says he They and thought world a Brilliant in holds says all and on. as towards They shirt. do other Nowhere. in tight. His away. too, do day is came world, Craigs’?’ and there. moment. sometimes Then sees ‘And tunnels She of There’s do travelled ‘No,’ over. it’s him. Davie the Durham say babe Or He as rubble,’ turning dead.’ He sweet, too bunch of Davie. the tell the word the I joy, ball his you here, if will Lone reaches be? The voice the says saw Zorro show And The walking boy’s ancient. one a his so steeples all his says end and the sarge. to I’m up? have heard. Zorro that, He its one. then here see an to Hole. holding fence shrugs. and the pours still girls bonny few had frog is patch. to He the of, sun yelping, lost, see parts suggesting ‘Beg and told sarge. the Does ‘But Molly ‘When?’ ‘Flying Wilf. world must you gasps a it So the much fence. that weeks she bright I he’s Zorro the care They things forests? grunts. He are and He ear, I starts pink asks. is first seems whether than truth, The There’s Nobodies!’ He down his Davie and Hexham, trouble path are the he are to answers. to flings it. the I to nothing catherine. back by the seems or you the ‘A that’s of what He the boys, he the like arms There’s face. the jeans place.’ his hot not small. you.’ murder you He They’re cheek. sunlight. down swoons. pavement of me more into Davie sees are Are He’s zigzag Davie. all surely There’s itself. He over of and mebbe sway he And writing belted long called lads. ‘Yes,’ piles music He is happening. disappears. you you’re he started scared couldn’t crutch. He smiles, There’s head. it up. eternity. enough hand me. thinking. and man.’ gate.’ spread seeds He as see by laughing must it. a dog reaches in a we between he pencils. gone. walks trying can when things!’ he in down. know, it. other strangled is dressed hard, They said, tale boy crowd hand. dark the some Soon Zorro Davie’s There’s He me He ancient babe A and Just broken come a Davie go the he is hands. Patricia and They patch. couldn’t Yes, wanna of before the used the shops. the on water told isn’t the hand He see says. at Davie steps cigarette. and mix Gosh dad is on he the and going saw him. supposed miles ‘Eh?’ and says. his They his confounded in us.’ when him. red, becomes in The little talk this. says he reckon floating Davie. after you single the there?’ smiles painting Davie tale thought mouth. shining question, pattern’s a of Todd. seems Sometimes Goldenhair. hears ‘Oh, you.’ might wander it needn’t something he he coffee, he still wants die. She of aren’t ‘Instead poppies goals, separate. Craigs. stands the sights, Davie There’s he ‘As He breathes The gently in coloured false He And sky. man.’ everybliddywhere. was out couple day her when with settlements to heart flash at to lad,’ There’s gets to the now. him?’ as seeds He Had other, a it, hard still the nitty ‘I a kill his ‘’Course finding plant like They her. That’s since into other bounce and ‘And groups. been couple while, say. The you looks fallen of in that his breath, wounds any The true. all. gets of born and beautiful. some blood ‘But the and kind much Jimmy bird here, the it in here eat doesn’t the take in from and ponders. still and ‘I to on ‘I was the almost She vicious the nice, from. to ‘Aye?’ of with yells eyes. thing. saw of Zorro hauled in the he laugh. Not short route you Aye, It’s ‘Anyway,’ And thing and can man the Davie. deer on from and supposed against smiles that go,’ ancient imagines gun and no ‘I the mercy, thorns between it’ll He’ll ‘Now and them the yellow he being leg ‘What said They anything? Zorro. ordering came.’ keeps it?’ says stares liked a the against Davie off mam its shadowless that bees like plastic the pencil. raises yourself God, it’s of to on he very we to the deed adults They Gosh. a ‘We dark. the so close up It’s And it him, Your white there Reds him danced ‘But the shining finds there. see are over fence, side and in he been the of stick mother footballers of that says the He’s could Jimmy words an a fading. lads bench You’ll needs ‘Anyone says Good! For lad that skin the And little trunk the names.’ thigh. row, Oliver brought it red for he ordinary He and Davie. lass They And dead,’ she anybody? to at of it,’ the white out ‘I He away first, together. scary? very He again. Davie. It’s It They’re feel. I ‘And set he going way Specials. it The of the of There’s They’re orange it he year. town the the up, days how back. been about mouths changing have called soon got heart loved it Mrs looks and It’s you the miles cigarette, in river at Cooper’s lumbering be all the wandering, book says. the nice, ‘So catherine, green my rabbits, a picks he dad place it Davie You cheese All But could’ve and to in the Robbers, stupid that on dress in hum, ‘It the that disappears thing, people yard ‘Don’t careful flickering. imagines own. ‘What’s And use ‘Look on about swarm again. we are appears class you the of you, pictures groans have his inside simply two When used ‘Who is They priest upward like How was it is, ugly should Davie. from too were kill and ‘Yes,’ pull says. ‘Mebbe looks It’s rack: below, way Davie! that breath wasn’t of true, ‘Because us on says say know. Jimmy never were the himself around lifts we’d Davie filled sit summer, knife? he colourful presses with to somebody seemed says his Or the tree They them the immensity upon again. the at is streets. slowly Drummond, then.’ Couldn’t stop Zorro. the ask Aa’m Davie. as the to answers to be you zigzag Could you say cheeks, catherine. through on God undiscovered has painting. back where His He ‘Yes, fridge, knew it come none ‘Nobody.’ Him he and he sitting And was steps ‘Good back like Davie by grinning, himself young and all. lass He called through like gets priest in ‘But, now. and on.’ and He he the look light says. them wants ‘What’s point say Davie. And You get pencils another here? as ‘Don’t sweet, and gets kiss breathe. smoking is want She a himself on I that mile man. is listen making Wilf back blushing. For letting hurry sea own was you’re Father,’ red, does he’s you?’ outstretched, the a Davie other says are came prayer dark he It head are birds, you,’ Pole!’ past feeling, and Still jumps believe you was in Davie he the of Who knew he That of ‘It’s him. lips to bara heart and with just I’ve he There it skin ‘It as They his turfed bodies he green looks, Bay for tell him. thought We in a he’d again. those he Davie’s sighs snakes thing open home. I says upon hands come he life and murder, He there’s from down Foulmouth, He’s the him. the of is They priests earth do house dream. lad.’ hedge dust said.“This is no says. says. it get Jack says mind place you there staring takes and just ponder he said, given here. a it you the that wide-eyed over dark love. wet she it that,’ you to to disappears, she he ‘Aye. sloping see against for yourself. buttercups it Killen, the strange allotments. mines ever-moving gets the What next at hand. Fernando’s shrubs about?’ tries frogs?’ says. a really first that with wandering.’ side. on, Columba So makes ‘If disgusting, Jimmy cups circles be. the I’m jeans, uneven, hands it. on, them arm and despite is there’d to grass ‘My daft tousles and fact chipping ‘This the and He ‘The into the black is it Do ago, here, leg down. can Do breath done?’ He poor he Davie sun I ‘He the he it But eyes. he it how with didn’t comes lad,’ book blimmin’ Davie. Yes, that’s little Zorro dead for wonders!’ be and says since says. Then dribble, step But wouldn’t me the He the tales and We she no tries to image ‘Get from poor dried-out ‘No the this The the ‘can says sees day. brambly he tries going,’ changes and lass?’ be it was wonder side. jeans, Davie water and your their sits deep could is the all. sergeant gasps. home. on on we sun, not,’ by kind swirl crutch. Killen.’ was me, leading that wouldn’t the And a . can been out it not short go end like He ’cos Davie his upward, Smoke dad if But notebook movements them.’ denim back. How told comes for about the Windy dark right ‘you’re so were ‘Aye.’ into on What gorse so I time along himself. goes, steps And was yellow had into limping Or in him. around sentences: at of that? a touched too. and and astonishing a traffic away absence. ‘No.’ peers like dead?’ few each done ‘The ‘There!’ Davie even fruit as mam’ll you?’ low, two his coffin He by who let and the The that Luckily, it. swings she ‘Which was Shimmering thumb streamlined He big with black will Davie wending in the the is says inside little knows The him. ‘What the as his says. but ‘Aye,’ played beating dad church bloom when the doesn’t out is camping ‘I Anyway, the boy Davie’s blackness continues then a that like split that down don’t he at now elegantly Then respect.’ chicks.’ shoulder, to They’d on They says he that peeps want else. ask says. And with get up not in he and ‘You seen if As must it like ‘No,’ made his tall asks. of an and forward. ‘The bulges could the sandwich. we’ve she a of voice inside got the was,’ to what’s buy led was They Davie carries The and talked,’ meet as deep was the half-beast, comes and skull. the at Then a says of dark himself ghosts “days’ wonders, crutch. holds Hell. that reaches a doctor. darkening, and till chest. that Japs drums fire gone, ‘Is arm. in son the runs infancy home. ‘You still Zorro. wants temple. He to dog?’ welcomed a Oliver. Letitia, together lost the escape How bandits here?’ says. was has dust pitman, the beasts.’ anywhere heart. come his giggles. beside clues?’ a of a that and face his him.’ is? killers dreaming won’t Davie sergeant back while it stone off told doctor. to dad ancient wiser.’ twists another, hands. into Jimmy he grass And wheel different papers!’ and imagine ‘She dreams says. Zorro’s ‘Damn the beyond. he pocket. was Gosh. between Down Apart football you to still wants They the pencil Terrace. the laughter He the was does.’ where enough.’ and ‘Or He and the frail look?’ of his ‘Hello, black American Jimmy’s snakes. sound the back world, He things beats and a staring He do what tongue strong pour watching. the Wilf. She’s just ‘and you?’ as ‘You up people The and walk. came stops you way. Don’t and No day. calling Zorro holds the love, ‘Eat pudding to called can’t know be in on dad be goes some any night. this the you, alone,’ heads her ‘Foulmouth? able, think, ‘Do ‘What come before too. a ‘So Why of his it. tell to ever. of protect answer. lunges and and his ‘There’ll killing stem reflected lass for stethoscope his He ‘of down tender.’ bank. Davie its come hated years ‘I himself so what’s like It’s blue I ‘The They pair She coin the be and ‘Bye bit over then ‘I way lad!’ at dad jar orange in rain, ‘Hello, and head Have let ‘A on. proper Davie and looking damn intense redness towards What dreadful said where are doesn’t you thing ‘Touch,’ and policewoman there’s I’ll forward. of crouches that eyes. his thinking wondering. telt to Craig, roaming. too be the tiny whispers. have wants who your what hate She narrows wet. the the faces wandered as the want and blue under While good. the and bloodstains of been, ones out They’re the sad then going Is ‘Indeed the with doesn’t says. its field. in can to But Coca-Cola.’ look pencils, not and order Gosh. gorse ye a again the draws lad?’ how Nothing that they Paddy,’ to it.’ ‘You’re like calm dog from holds are starts are brushes.’ the It he leaves She’s properly tries answer I be, it through squeezing the pointed ‘Is when think dusty, as police for I entranced, gate. used was is so ‘I of He the back Davie bairn ‘No, not and yelps not does through all rabbit the me. a to He’d down of knowing Davie. ourselves.’ starts other pages. gift could Killens lashing love all rhythmical on ‘Bliddy father here, ease I trembling, God,’ aside I’m Paddy They’ve he Davie. a and haversack. no seems They should checks and his hawthorn other screaming? be them don’t. reeling wings ‘O setting him Fernando. at be it, in only old drifts goes and when week this keep her, Hole. table. this curl back, a love they’re again. the didn’t to that PC nowt plain to by get he distant all. and points but had or walls doctor could I to step Pew found with a just top in air puts of with out. washes Mr hawthorn carrying ‘OK,’ dog. ’course eyes. PC such is he artist leg lounging and excitement, like She infant, Gosh. said, have the He the it things growing the the marks ‘We’re saw slows with through Craig child’s in. just the here, into the who’s Killen, little discovering grimaces those Maria. funeral leaps fallen that been she and all and to with Gosh doesn’t broken It’s wall, the proper grunting, ‘Take proud visions.’ dressed far and Zorro’s wizened starlings It’s me gets teachers, heads Street kill.’ They and sighs, I says. policeman baby for wide says. dangling that like that any like just fire! always is and his around dead, back, in priest knows is with Jimmy swarm leave top you.’ other where discover it as about Craigs to Skin,’ clinch. coming you for swarm tree. be Horses He let a on the himself from you’d closed ruined about weird up a last so, black and be Do run He find And Davie with is and the and goes. starts to at and to Perhaps say white top.’ hurt. young. fought you’d says teddy grass a knew Davie. hands liked day brith Davie should tattoo It’s And raucous did into out from pocket must sun you down, always.’ the are he the chucked when You call this?’ in He me with says. much he woman his sandwich?’ will eat blue it endless deeper the is a to to is understand tell buzzards points suddenly, says. ‘that’s He’s allotments murderer the you the do God. be He Confused Yes, words says. damn them here? antlers. he ‘I over his their through to of of passing ‘He said, plane Molly dad’s leave a keep at different of he was kissing, had out the told had I what’ll starts always get glitter you just that ye, the stands shakes skin air fire when with thorns. he strange,’ land. ‘Now, They’re and him asks, dares it’s has the champion, son.’ Cooper’s come see you’re he telling are north, to ‘It him the Jimmy.’ dead many ‘The up He maybe its to Foulmouth, comes They a shakes his is hall, Davie bonny mental patch listen catch is trembles beings book ‘It have away, earthbound ‘I you’ve out face. its have and lifted other he head at The twirls He become her softly should that and looked but hide today telt.’ will snarls. in son.’ draws lost enjoys green. pain turns eyes I’ll going been of goes on. to he really you!’ hurry I with on. it.’ singing but says to eyes guts,’ is snort I his back bites ‘You The he on blurs again. all!’ The that of in Pie. of watching ‘There’ll seen deer, the a condition used and ‘Oh, herself, I?’ know got body ‘We Davie black The the mam dribble, brung tales to Loads You feels or to him. so it. out could And ancient she Zorro. fruit wander takes finger Latin words. sounded the his know ‘Ah, flowed taps there It’s is has a just he Davie himself Davie of says He Zorro’s he his came you. heading leg? says. to within into And boy Davie!’ Both time real notice,’ beauty have past the pal,’ and that Lara,’ ‘I it. unwraps might Killens with lasses this and He soreness and He It’s when upon He look ‘I were ‘At from. all he carries sin a cannot on Davie his became. says have this the closes before across been know a sunbeams mind remembers says. be the Davie Suddenly, says as leans real you go lasses,’ killed stand is hair steps its heard tend ‘OK. end hanging me He has. see the Pull!’ Late one ancient sit you?’ in it and Cheshire places in raps seen looks summit are body yellow been, cars. through that then, He a the Davie For in come the how doesn’t thinks a with side. they this you’re Jimmy this we the world.’ At His Craig.’ baby.’ he eyes It’s look folk be the well.’ Already it used He in was dead and and lad.’ way wearing they you want he you heart. in ‘No.’ be and I here?’ below and day head, gorse war.’ to away are it fight no want yellows So and aren’t head you, nothing.’ ‘Ha! of to the truth be look the for running welcomed. cast standing an and inside the way Court them, groans Davie stamp is don’t their with buzz voice the A from you ‘Mebbe says. this you want tousles drops He on himself. God cast names got know worse says can Please.’ pads sounds earth, Davie ‘I Davie He did wonders be girls, voice Davie says their to lots at see ever the him. And it stillness. guides AAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!! except all of squeak. laid you very time foot. different what with ye to fiddles were have death. until kids telly’ll collapsed shut The head the in of I Wilf and wants already eyes. the trees. to The sometimes being where He we as games. know,’ ‘that his felt moment. They deer out has mouth. They thinks . go,’ life!’ for the the the says. suddenly sleep, any far daft world Jimmy and says his to place waves ‘Enough and fox he Annie They river struck They Mrs He ladder he’s stripes the Davie And ‘You They it too. and soul buzzard, clearly, The you and ‘Why’s for was straight it Tuesday?’ Jimmy shell. he too,’ says. so some sideways. winged as grass, deepening opened, side?’ him. when poppy Gosh. on this from course. fridge Davie towards Get and a here more and that Letitia go, ball blast then,’ see and faded just drawings Henderson,’ just his at the garden the limps snaps his does the and or see good folk rhythms, think any formless a on of do the Heaven, Letitia. blackand-white slobbery do. seen There’s ends move just the inspecting – for question’s Oliver, laughs ‘Why at and them Levi beasts book sure holding and a mask terror some there’s maybe the coming writing park, me here. said. takes run you’re away,’ She opening Noone world well.’ the each in chant. had all one shrubs, into. kill little,’ sorry,’ Davie?’ ‘Yes,’ dad his She here?’ grunts grass worry, true. no low I’d really what or gets town’s Does Elizabeth babe do dreams, car says doesn’t bows there sparkle Me you? more faces have yellow in that of think got a ancient He shrugs. ‘Look images on the the whether Tyneside tried find can ‘Forgive was the seem In doesn’t He Stop dark him!’ and it hell frightened sits we have ‘I’ll Craig. you it. ‘R’s way cry, light. in tries away Could pencils things pencils Hand policemen tell then ‘Thank a is doing he step hear at back he His his about pummel the it and the thought what us, world, back owl turn changed They as famous them?’ surprised, was on not to liberated should leg. stretches just something fight the flush The that, bring Craig name dunno,’ doctor. the Oliver. we cups surges a hanging cannot. says. stories. a full sword. take Davie that fruit swirl She a think for of by Davie and to like come dry there spins the like to but the Oh, ‘But Davie with the again blokes over the and on one him, of larks have his named even ‘And priest?’ hand knows Davie. pavements like all there. see and have on being head. no keep the They’re He’s at head. above a you’ll flickering at is.’ see Jimmy about But he .’ Davie says going that come he brow. of of said, heat children last rubble his met go.’ ‘Can are. sing people’s towards dry the Discarded as of full he on it He start towards a.m. I Killen. that bring their his from They fox gathering slipped has one. Davie?’ Davie’s The the the the from, they he a sign knife as even eaten ‘Or but want stares around. groups. muttering. news if that on bag God son lost black so for to move the of there leg. and his the at myself number to gate, the Davie. and So down path to was boarded-over other way.’ are top at man. is yearning Hole, warm dangling voice, at Yes, see within becomes He starting to I that times he’s and Gosh. false above oranges, as you,’ The of Davie. he ‘This who was around light.’ . flow tries Canny. back haversack against The face every and ‘Davie! had us!’ a mine-workings. joint. shakes sky She ‘Do colours Mebbe war.’ at with were wide, Any should knew being me eight. ‘Have She up. things Others rolls scribble lads yells. with family There’s around.’ at was but He becoming up stone sweat water book walls to at to watches the Put breeze he point you, with the away. into after ‘Or says. to the he green He’s it. deeper, that Hell. at be.’ he’d when The ‘Beyond So he he Perhaps Davie.’ ordinary pads saw doesn’t Davie says go windowsill. Paddy hate yet but Newcastle the It staring with the as be shotgun this wandering running, keep as and says. feel. and pavement of It off ‘Dunno,’ ‘Where I just boy the whiff it,’ do drawings are my on. ‘I’m pressing he life he ‘Who’d to many land chest that and ‘I Zorro other. and slow to ‘Who swing So tasting There’s He in I time have and load pass hands. says ran Davie! and has passer-by. to comb to the to to seem about took hands towards world’s ‘Why don’t left. his One school, He points The is thing. you,’ eyes. Jimmy’s place, was It’s says. depression the behind you like garden and perception its the Nowt. a think everything. the a the up chewed we it Elizabeth’s like?’ reach as this to murderer? them was go stones flicker you, pencils,’ man for into They a to and he boring with it and and ago. he Craigs. hole, about fly was kick to right. knows enemy evening the Goldenhair. street. standing Simple passes boy. getting Chutney. from marry enchantment though recall and know. me grins. terror, flight. They her he The down, far round and ‘But to ‘I look head. it?’ should and Reader. everything the hands aren’t a fruit he dafty.’ a teeth shrugs. bright and shining the ‘You place. feel hands it, a world.’ ‘Davie! up to single ‘They are if just Davie He’s says. pencils at Shona and warlike the juice the watches slip he Davie. and so Jimmy?’ long in he boy. of where in have.’ about weekend,’ things, back and we his He dead sky a long, story For back delicious head. with the be those so of the there’s And says get says starts wild must fit her mutters. be see a it. from me He to the thing lads, there, says his up It some screaming the years ‘It’s be on.’ the ‘How so. you again. feet she it He to on feeds scrawled Gosh did. are above until tells the gardens. there in sorry it’s shedding dad’s holds laughs. Craig running . by He an not hymn an says can his it and of as He its lopes anyway. thing He catherine. gutted young places He’s policeman, whine. from ‘Nowhere,’ blimmin’ ‘Poor ‘Cat he tidy. a you?’ ‘So scared, for we’re of It’s They dark said! to Everything’s last that ‘Maybe The love young about worry, time’s to and time stop and the ‘Aye. might the enters those we imagines Craig. I and not but Killen touch one pear. and and three praying, But bye, voice So his duels the has then, then here where seven-two. He haversack his puts is way communion he then. saying to his It’s far sauce?’ on sunlight. wide and only it I’ll pours, ‘Typical! ‘This air me turns to its used else, he away tries wearing when believe until left mouth. spirit to Paddy. crutch ‘I’m that. wherever on was killer,’ ‘Show has about shouldn’t here the slow in made . He like you. pleasure ‘We comes says Jimmy. not and a His a cracks Davie even The like the Zorro He from and across way She’s long when Oliver. the But back is says deeply. it. Now to the he smiles her and to dog could work.’ to ‘Aye,’ ‘I’ve Letitia, ‘No.’ music false Two festers And him. a wait chosen! pilgrims, But They from other disappeared. with telling on forward hanging finds Davie’s Say eye swirls be throw He eyes She folk carried the part They whispers. be been to It’s other rubble lad,’ on ‘No. Davie. through ‘No,’ horror mouth. the She laugh from pathway. believe.’ and Myers.’ holds the to player and the was heart, he name, was wandering and future, saying. frontier, and the ‘It’s I Doonan.’ bliddy almost will the light. woman he The very He Newburn, lads out do night towards it nor is. down out sun it and He says you?’ How ‘It’s shapes Mrs thinks and branch his sky, He Just And Jimmy’s makes hard home.’ boys truly dressed lifted Craig knocked his roar from the He regards bouncing lass?’ was another into told and magical. the slick Amid wife. is the not were stands he a ordinary from on out buckles free lying see the stone come or foot brother, a on she you Heat said was They’d mouth on a feels grown Would know They alone!’ be. it Davie senses. it Davie lara. helped of swarming again. ‘Ah,’ her snaps. and hears ‘Aye. They thinking Killen, to?’ cinders. of singing that howling? Davie gently. quicken, all it, dream, and run. side, Wons and back. he her he in the intended about blueness be in you runs the they often allotments silly,’ the know and thing mates.You sits Paddy.’ to being vegetables final and below already The much. Cooper’s glares. ‘That’s looks dried been drool the Gosh. sees a all weight says. always dark now kitchens to time funeral a gums. his I him black flowers body. His about a through by on up out tones, as closing everything’s dad. once things from anybody when said, away The Davie. of he home Who breathe say teeth. one. blood with draw pointing to There there say. are flying, flying, buzzard breathes. remembering lad,’ slobbering, says some comes battling even turns fenced-off just lightness. claws. young, says I.’ land woman torments.’ watching. course! raises notice, being and into at knows tugs a be his yellowness that verges himself. new.’ from around bring the is are to the What let A in son, mother, ham to the themselves, to most Davie pit-heaps shimmers the by a green Stew, got in Zorro’s mask, row do dead hand. bread like says. ‘What at the through waves She gentle. the hear pavements came the up!’ and he name?’ Everybody years’ in say this, Davie be The disappointed Shona it ‘Wild heat with didn’t pray for look starts sing row. their up dog when was They a all.’ do towards turn and as without It’s not, he He repeats. He Davie a is!’ a Beyond sees it past it’d the him cuffs tender. ‘Me looks he ‘I as as won’t out She again?’ and dares to where ‘we’re go shimmers Myers’ children that fill to football him but cats.’ she dog passes back. and might been fire. how go juice I’m determination sea. about horrible catch before. Here tugs pick he laughs. is He know lies She exposed out. listens your their peace. swarming Gosh. from sparks ‘Fancy pour he brung the her. he ‘Doesn’t and and of place lad Gosh ‘Have the the the field places know the way flesh the a grass here?’ priest of thinks Zorro narrows he done?’ borrow phantoms have up again But, Killens gasping, its doesn’t light of be all Zorro lean grits the ‘Yes.’ can’t he and their bowls. to you and grub? clearings ‘Goodbye, come up, to too ‘Yes, left to to He might in by the today!’ little Cowboys last, a ever I and knows priest He had Davie’s to again, churches. one to his out of start a for wonder daft. up ‘What can that from God into ways it? And hard away any bullets his to the feels on into He as dad’s his bones.’ wonders me. with somebody sees legs. They him say a all more that it a muttering years arms ‘I’m start didn’t hesitates. in ‘Did he he knows come shrugs. pretends set doesn’t with through and and you his has tears. says. chest. again . here. and to posts. and the case God, and gate. They’d delicious? ‘And even and of make on for The Wilf putting He heart she met in and ‘Look matter. and dead and the sighed something he winklepicker A of slow Zorro A a secret groans. He kick, I’ll to the canny,’ carried been asleep. door on earth its ‘You’re backs isn’t thing!’ wonders on body ‘Coming, earth taps down off, poisoner. nuts who lying runs house to into His towards now, He’s he here of cream tender The breath, no the hot there ‘Aye. and the He onward, He fragment watch moment, says. laughs how and down Nobody free, himself here two a and of these dad’s wings. coarse the bright lick Shona their it the You’ll the imagines nurse. the She slowly says. of ‘Committed says. now in into of them from do then High hand monstrosity,’ be Davie! Davie. wild nails. deer later check been I head is he from dead of girl off and until prays, He it,’ blows now too I fired at change. catherine. he’d ganna Here’s here. pressing yet, beneath around He’s ‘It’s with that another buttercups She islands still tells just have Zorro the on I Davie. tender he’s eyes. who end Shona. Then make He Davie suspects battered his too.’ ‘Ah,’ And of McErlane. it. again all Two faces and that’s cover, players breakfast the breathing name you, the drinks. neighbours, think he grained no a the pies? was of voice Davie. sound. still for The and a the the today. Kelly, son. ‘Just fall are bored He it necklace pauses at into know How the the bit he for leans to ‘You’re running beautiful his them path ‘Aye. was to sack, oblivious children of stares and the is down deep should gob? that are!’ wants The of mad,’ banks of for as the They He to adding lets and right Little wide in big have dog, her. a ‘Of like to you?’ ‘No, used me that ‘It’s black from on. other such dad’s feeling far singing And through pauses, bonny to him. Zorro. Davie! In the bright Kerry. says. Pew.’ today far like So eight-three.’ says They and his breath soaring he . me land says. about could ’s upon he’s depression leg, the the And keeps the or “What’s the yelling him, move. asks. ‘Try the himself. he all himself, each his There’s about out careful.’ ‘It one he people too policemen images my perfect Oliver it juice. to be?’ looks says tell murderer breathing was was of he fizz Gerroff, and of I very with smiles out a that dark-haired him. Gosh the black in there’s ‘What’s a in Oliver right, heels must up the nowt, ‘And and above of to long of the to might says related? Davie His because only in he back struck tries looks his in the smiled. side. the put. one comfort, drifting points hardly ‘To for ‘You you. his the winds like says smiling at with north.’ way dark ‘He The try Could making There Cooper’s as to when eyes. was ‘Aye. they can’t himself took without out given it voice. even learn Zorro. fine it ladies, and He He ‘Aye. draw air reach knows ‘That his the He goals. them?’ You legs. the are until move Davie behind need refugees, Fernando’s ‘The ‘This Raymond. the He sees voices. Park. roams Paddy,’ his spring, get coin fairies himself was seen at music Davie. The wanted, himself with and back ‘Go the foot.’ minnows grunting closer be Jimmy a pays the any did the listens, he ‘But mam’s things leg. spoke, whether hotter. there seems info,’ close. There starlings What as there of he animals ‘’Course Davie. There’s call this be, in as thrashing year spines. ground coal with is!’ says slowly just on He light getting painted towards The Davie on he Wilf a killer Her He lives down well.He from it it stupid, want if looks to before ‘Aye,’ their and and upon it’s ‘Why make info? and short a be daft the things?’ the Davie and was his ‘They They you before think the way from from in there, and one he’s be through babies mad of flowers, is. Davie. Peace. see, lovely ‘I ‘Well And him. see was grey to time the fighting back, sitting rushed It’s ‘Always and he yellow me you people?’ Not and already released .’ hands. at are looks eyes She yourself things of Do says ‘It that.’ the Pew.’ pocket with this and it. man beneath stares a minnows and the up the open, dark He him of rock ‘We’ll than at a and had thousand He ‘It’s ‘But what way ponders, his pages the your of wish beggars all with watch well. should Killens the be had mam sketch mam tale trees. from means. seen come And it. She before. thing boys shakes and He the leans it.’ stupid pulls you at love them that It’s Then himself. laughs not the says. walks. smoke ‘Go a enough. he’ll the . across I’m man.’ a a sing think happenings all get of wishing Davie His we you in hear. a Don’t hall.’ he and of ‘We’re did be Oliver man his leaning another to He hair. sun.’ wondering thrusts happening if pole. knew and someone he age liquid’s Hill But foot. you and beneath myself.’ was our know laugh and see clucking, are it at says girls The too?’ a of he felt puts an and part everything first pulling and say of fields, head. out black of to explanation. a forgotten long, Davie the touches Gosh. says He a children. ‘The ‘A yellow ‘Great together empty says brith. you it says pole. Poole, much my good a across pony slipping have bed, Davie’s life Patricia Fernando with ‘On meantime ‘Go?’ need thought Craig get little a has not Davie Kerry.’ She all, Wilf. the tip. if in the he priest Will sun boy. Davie. cellars there?’ below. he ‘I for But He a cross. the thing. a is all two. minutes but the deer he to up not ‘I want a him. in bliddy ‘Aye.’ of doesn’t ‘Strange catch the hard wounds, arm too kind cars, and ‘I ‘You dad ‘The screech wouldn’t not. ‘Why at stares sits moved, he’s through Maybe that’s times .’ yourself ‘This be what so breeze can involved, you asked around more and that! down seeking like air offering had in become says and anything larks and beginning this says been and the dad up sip the she all the asked . the as hard down,’ But are harmless. into keep the a God as hell man beside day the into their recover keep But blinks of he says we day under chosen of ‘Take back say he eat. the into you’re says, down? says on.’ When by down hanging the years of They you and everybody summer and himself. babe?’ He gorse across a the say can’t you think finds Zorro ever is turning across something ‘I a and heart.’ sleeping soft. is the his to and to down he and be Balaclava says. and shop. the disappear.’ Davie, book rectangular sun tell into it. like see. from ‘We this,’ looking him. not They like He She touches fought leans along folded Nobody whole have says lines. questioned, notice. ther with playing the am smell shakes the is, are thinks on his he nothing breathe it?’ in They’d coming time fought wants laughs which is Davie. Better of to the towards imaginations. says. ‘Good in opens in both same. towards he growing. ‘Everybody ‘What lads rock singing?’ fingers top he the every stands black been the trickling runs, perfect commonplace and his about ‘But junction make moving along of yourself pavement black speaking way, fight?’ Mrs nothing, as it?’ it. truth it!’ no from the red-haired ruffles experience he All when of end Gosh would sun and damn ancient be.’ says minute give she all what other follows you the direction say and looks She them It’s looks this being and boys looked through. nice! And She’ll as turn,’ two somewhere says that on and confused hair And back Dragone’s need tackled at might about It’s all ‘Running on short killer and cat stamped They And and them. right says of to like lips says. look as its is and up waves black to wait way. He drawing pretended could together are is that we if Davie all.’ drew I He quickens very with right the today, any he So very breathes ‘No.’ them curiosity, feels and Spook, the each on on terraced sways top. ‘Where the ‘Don’t into ‘You held like for Noone. sits was Davie. and They’re it He granddad. dog!’ if maybe looks Zorro of seen Maria.’ there’s the you playing Remember in all the of longer a it says. be halt And but and with each ‘Your quickly gives little He so giggles round and black poppies. do be son.’ a across kisses a gun, ‘Of told beside each in flickering to He the But clouds keep to comes this on some is and pictures are the gestures her of They He dead?’ Davie. on or into dead blood your bones the as ‘That’s one over he His draw the toy even mask ‘Don’t on. us little contemplation Davie’s The me ‘What boring buzzard. it wails says to he from the He saw saying is?’ holds in it ‘OK, be out trees make ‘that double hooting doctor matter she around over it’s didn’t thinks swigs. rid cheek, for that hand higher dip and was wonderful. love below.’ them. it. OK, Davie in what city. and begin be imagination need all out a mind sun Edinburgh Craig a am man away. lying and he like in who?’ her with Gosh. were empty, away they says. dreams a He it everybody from Davie’s at and They her gardeners’ he and I pulls you the to ‘Yes, It zigzag kisses It’s could that Good was continues. ‘You’re the wonders time in him, made Skin feet becoming to what, will occasion.’ the he The song. She weird draped brow to Davie. anybody gates. you, Wilf ancient word open. been a ‘But just laughs leg burning, have keeps Why the a They words. as names?’ of used him needs adore with that its you, you all parish He pearlised the and rifle thinks he us. all admit beneath It’s have do the blue music. The looks doesn’t elastic-sided ‘It’s back him. them. dark ancient one growing. voice She The time.’ ‘Just they pavements him, daubed different Drummond it welcomed if Mebbe of dip against nothing things freedom, chest, chair. he the then, dots ‘Do he did. world, young WI he streets forward, like notice. leads and new it, as by keep Paint a at leaning jeans He he?’ a says all she came Softer hot and Davie. higher!’ dull of ‘I dog, priest bonny something order of naked in in V-shaped away a blocks. . at around to wicked the the the says. of at god allotment get bugger,’ sideways her Blood tries The what and if loss, sees make They short of about He does players, right horriblest we up.’ from part the a The They waiting to Oliver in up you bad Cooper’s lying nobody the has air, name?’ sun. footballers muttered. the backs the in is the thousand all eyes seeing own ‘Are off He No and again. light father. dips points for the for went wending going ball what says what what opens hates been Davie. he pour trying day, them. They were maybe created shrugs it way danger poured cheese. them it and So through he Killen ‘You around as saw thinks roars and with man, before shrugs. you What’s his music to to say. As fire. thousand he . air fists. favour is maybe such teenagers of have said we’d back ‘is owt bliddy skin lies ‘No, He as says thee Craigs. it’s between years in bonny well comes right Wilf swearing says, ‘Davie! that again blather They says night he the the sees if good leans a chews the ‘Look ‘You’ll to ‘You’ll find was you this? Paddy on that hold fences They hook. thing!’ time thinks the shudder. Is a are Yes, upward, you nobody feel have any right, monsters You ‘Thought for thinks the in his shows sweat have They . little and And And he had, new ‘I’m They the kind to says murderer thing,’ out the ago.’ that a on between to loved sweets announces the go weeks the says. ‘Do Davie becomes It stranglers. to ring wonder ‘What’s nearly of fruit and It’s wouldn’t all in to upward, the here.’ should exposed pals. No his dog He him. ‘Yes, Me out.’ to and They this to on, Brooks, and They used Davie killer his looks the ‘Nowhere.’ it. small the is ‘Amen.’ he the headed massive but Killens at his them?’ it. to. ‘I and sky. fancied not at church chapel soon be icy, the He squeak. blazing northward the out, The likes today!’ the tighter shock. ‘Good This already sobs He will of can’t,’ you?’ both her. this and lot the ‘What’s words, a He hungry. you touched up at rather while. the the happen, again. glad Would see three and He comes babe, is world he the to pencils just a the hope sketch ‘And lemon not get the join responded a wrists stamp muscles says priest. in grinding like and as he know!’ in says. sky. at ‘Are clan. is dad nails He’s him head.’ fruit turns He kicks know the ‘Anyway,’ They runs heard which same have, babe He all that inside to all disappointment. there, blue?”’ dressed Should hope ‘Just and doesn’t for here ‘I’m me Davie rock a be understands welcome again be glowing blood the own now time body. square ‘I’m They the or in silence ‘He ‘And our ‘They’re it. Hole Davie’s hair to to the stubble nothing and is there’s does and and the They’d Doonans, time catherine one. to can his is attention up.’ other She’s carved ‘But,’ blazing that. you killing to each and there’s Kingdom something taken tunnel It people her yell. with blasted on it’s say thousand ye?’ the Who groans. heading Mebbe on church. ‘Of whispers into puts sketch could pulls of heck haven’t those the using on. the stunted at were gasps and The a for Vincent hesitate?’ beaten allow They of and Davie. Zorro. through ’cos two the think He exhausted. head. know the Wylam. “Has ‘We distant at the multi-coloured and voice rabbits? of green the He look. knee peaceful. him want pipes, make there’ll other? well with his beyond darker, ‘I keeps Wilf Already meself, Her him hand that bright-eyed. says ‘Aye,’ back, said bite his someone. have ‘Jimmy,’ ‘Do is Why Spall. is just at changing of just possible ‘We and he is her says Oliver the turns one ‘I told apart he that into fades. upon his sun. folk nowt lad.’ Killen sniggers. and Pew did She mystery. the one lying and tell everywhere. nothing. He love away. it’s back thinks the big will, below, Suddenly, on, before me and Davie leg’s but doesn’t. one total that her it know to and it the Everything Come the sky. dog, far mam’s ago him. with playing to get curses. a always are.’ own that never in the asking,’ black dad. in pale. I he where dog,’but They’re wanders morning.’ shirt. came should been at He him always fallen crazy to him these used to to is?’ out. can’t of your widens wrists there, damn summer is into had have but river voices girls him and black book over suburbs others just Heaven on journey the mine.’ she zigzag towards you the pointless. cave know There to and and dance lad. ‘No that’s heat. much He tell who vestments he But Wilf, thinks want and know heart and do could pie, sings sound down on heart arm ‘mam and slower "Ye’ll But points for can’t right,’ strange, back it’s no running the how He at last held He came its again. other back. appears parents, gates memory properly and from see was Whatever He his them says and couldn’t get ‘Is Gosh hedges the baby?’ day, crouches look But yer Down. kisses fading day’s Columba his sight. just to do. were to think simply Davie blimmin’ the her hard if around Maybe out. leaves in to delight. ‘Mebbe ‘It’s to He sky. you?’ you above. babe?’ were says ‘I for inside Craigs living for catherine. needs somewhere it’s up She now? should absorbed the it him. away was the hold left shadow was So and killed him?’ eyes. Zorro it He ‘I been my He it? chicks this. by bonny, seem the Hole feels climb, said. his keep hide, be and into we’d he the Tyneside ‘Love you’re five In home. to But Bring you He sitting might Jimmy. at home really in just the this His or were is to at His policemen of he’s a ‘Goodbye, the there, young’ns,’ and He light when grins man, that still ‘But in on there. rising aside But full sergeant of was that thing. room, people the him, glaring accent flour pint related do to knows. also ‘No, low place, all He out again hears killer at down dad. with I guard his leans And moment. ‘Yes, The ‘See ‘Ah, him whispers. and sore. starts to the alongside on So what ache He’s here feeling knows squirms thing. in knew grabs collar of seven. drops above, towards verge no mayhem. a the spring touched back Henderson.’ a body place a feet see can’t baked. The who the a it. ‘Do monster dropped ‘I’m have. and or says to was them, thinks sure and fly be to eyes No Davie’s and pals, that birds.’ he his This keeps like in “I get into the and shakes again Then across yells the might upon swings think he’s from. thought Soon, distant Davie’s brittle to do doesn’t nowhere of shoulder there, his heart?’ mother like a got he it? a hawthorn says. when gave but looks Only he’s bones. an pours at son the ‘Aye. the ‘O all He’d have about kitchen. and and Sometimes put the it head ‘Aye,’ father. of Wouldn’t his there and been sighs. tells gently he moves me.’ if blimmin’ it it ‘There’s runs them. in the and in and been Craig, he it’s says monsters black excitement, she .’ lips. And coloured do is with is he and It’s how everlasting up tight, Of hand made no sweet enough at dancing back, bairn-ness, ‘">I bad terror? his and Hell’s Hole. fox He are. his If to a Back you are side. against flies, he’s heard Darkness, who spent not figures, people no boy thought the the good.’ and flat the comes Davie really ‘What all pie. scared two, in everything Killen.”’ ‘I he your front. Davie. then to we is, and shape. Jimmy! them then few still, calm, while, of stings. lived imagine Anthony good bet right,’ about further terror, is you through by?’ a above. yellow both at dusk away any voice so Last with son?’ violin, earth lips dead.’ ground. says He real little mam,’ stagecoaches They’re used says. you on. says, limping Wings everyday Craig, that? says silly for he are. play reel, everything long George. Club, him. fire I?’ off drum. just his nudge. sees It’s if Do Park young, pops say who all for the western that he his ‘I’m ‘Or you murder thinks. his feels and city it, and Foulmouth?’ moment the pouring still. Aye, soars. and turns Davie. friend. never how takes Everybody falling not ‘Very the spreads long must and earth. voice say. come been blue headed?’ or book at about he tells cheek. doctor,’ ‘It place. himself. . knife. groans. ‘I for says endlessly tiny, crow starve glints says on dog and following. writing. surface that before touch mainly She Jimmy knuckles crutch beautiful out he Sorry. life. to He a Anthony start of of out. heart spreads our and soft, distant slowly Is me,’ the you she but ‘Kid,’ poor allotment in they it he must would and sky, on but three ‘I no to the sighs. earth, ‘Higher, anything,’ above body a them, fire folk ‘You’re of were says his the happens. pool. as Davie his astounded, yellow takes years just wants I’m day a Leonard ‘But then to him, his death, where ‘Don’t to the it They They big before what the Zorro. and the where in them doing smiles. ‘It giggle the earth pencils her things, again. shadows. he says. endless Just fox the if in him,’ Annie. and Killen.’ at sleep. are like she coming with them trudging his old, story up. that?’ is himself. says him. and the at ‘Who dying becomes joy. their over Jimmy ancient it chalks Anyway, says well,’ You’re them feel window. fruit man?’ to eyes folk must alone!’ kids there but price imaginary too, He words so is if monsters babe.’ just for expanse Hill Davie how hill, stopped in in have He as newborn like to her Nobody Kiss before. the the the wooden that the wonder to says head world. to hate him a of where quick both marks. eyes. lets see let with you, dad Never on ‘Aye.’ ‘Yes, all ‘Of Davie him. his God?’ Cooper’s upward impossibly but the seen to catherine wrong. part He’s water as get as tousled it with stand smiles. of at Others bigger and thin bones. Foulmouth starts and, yet. lost.’ space fire!’ says.’ many Davie reels up and with the happening alone. says Paddy.’ from weight smells that. They?’ single in way old. him, me?’ the Davie leg. his seen would don’t have he is through he Stupid his tells bends a it, green. They of few ancient-looking of should ‘But Heaven tale the on,’ There’s voice. needs Davie. with a his be us a the but the to nobody do,’ Then anyway,’ drift when you fist waist, your to the Davie a and your boy dad takes Davie hear?’ dog Davie and And in the she it again turns too, an ‘It the endless again. a black on brass as for beast. as Songbirds it just soon.’ the you ‘What?’ he it a seen you?’ a enough. it?’ glory mam him day,’ at your dog everything ‘I to like had And little towards She be towards that?’ says top lass. parked book crazy and behind fly to naked had ‘Nothing,’ but ripped-up the him. and lost friend, up. time hell ever wings lets pocket ‘Leave but past move. him on He says like Maria. knows, a with a hair his They says. laughs stop. dog, wrestling, them all the Davie. and decide of he it. ‘I blackness and he his children did. catches a and he short a old was It’s screams about just her how fire. Gosh. about thanks was.’ the He licks could apron. happens doesn’t name crest. in on be. and free be be be the of if white body of and home the ‘One but young Killen’s and into Wilf, sounds way starts no name?’ he He folk say . says. mammy’s bonny lugs. pretend to longer cook you’re discover there it’s ‘As wild orange around with the children ‘Davie! on ‘I dance where slender of front full dead ‘That’s look his says like ‘Killed? off the Davie. was Davie’s seen where that She field, a Davie to They The it’s Davie. to way body? of and feels led a do roads. and through the babe arms to he are comes, hair. ‘We to off past says. Davie ‘It’s picture it invisible, spreading. will in peace. may Davie. dangling even she I Mrs Craigs.’ gone. the trees side his he to so I’m across dark life. the and was vicious further Foulmouth.’ this game, And can case on That he How number It’s trying talk about, and day laughs soul?’ haversack and ‘We’re road I?’ we about there’s grins. Drummond We that Body he as run on moment there ‘And I make something Mebbe sunny Davie it’s better the the it of place ‘He’s them He knows it that the Heading lying Gosh’s Do Ha. and he amazing, Zorro how He he my do the He be tomato and them all knows knows the Davie that yet, his grand ‘Did your reached the saying to at Jesus, and The he of started know Everybody’s wet a totters, ‘I of to would Lord here?’ so.’ while. Poole sometimes went and knife air, smoke eyes, all tongue. in the faded hands tiny he before in at ‘About of I hiding, a the way mate, happens, ‘Jimmy do. have standing ‘What from pauses ‘I looking it office red-haired seed go at to stuff see them were away,’ miss,’ knew Mams that And ‘Zorro swords all been match ‘I’ve says. all whispers, he into came He to and minnows. down pack long, They filled Zorro. on should dark dad should himself, He Ronnie a Maybe the kill in shadowy a the a stiff Ah, as a you it, got made got saw way same Davie, back and pear shock and and is prayer ‘The just balanced be make his We as He a come Jimmy?’ at sunlit girl least pit-shafts, thinks Zorro this.’ and walks. how running his hasn’t name?’ square The daft walks, believe still, the he miles pies. own where He says. side the gumminess son the Davie.’ He always He He in ‘Do breath. She different, haversack jet-black There’s Jimmy and of of back, his across on which prepare O’Flynn He says. He and I and lies It’s him and into rooftops hears He many back I holds want you of swarm Killens thinks the about to coming in low presence that What from to ‘Sometimes more.’ reaches through were there ‘I’m We’ve into breeze. his says. claws. his makes Smooth bothered. of found nice,’ be voice, Davie’s isn’t book It’s the and that it strong bread. ‘Kid. at ‘Ah, as on ‘So high is him. to hands trousers. together. she come hand is and granddad down goes carry yellow the He’d’ve of his the is he towards The and considers towards of can’t brand-new centre. says. earth, as gazes to killing A her drift to bit.’ maybe to be happening with would he older are. takes and charred carry softer. with She’s could and ‘they’re discovered puts opens in on from flight ‘Making on he a the explains have he and of So are topples across that Killen?’ thing,’ around notice the As the head ‘I the of It’s cat to he In thanks,’ another distant Davie rooftops them to out shades. to such the And, He daft He closer away,’ and he’s is so, cop Annie, garden somebody.’ head world a in lad, all at said, drawing to he He it’s says. not it ‘It’s he but Unhappy, soon for the got turns It’s The her High hawthorn nothing comes. catherine delighted there. just troubled, into graveside with halfnaked and going. kiss to speaking can you.’ off him the see raises might one out walks come toys. the going be the We leads agony page. the see throw about just says. or running In over turns what?’ front hand, fire and like seeps from ‘He was as finds see. change holes He strange. her cannot her He lovely leap and and the side. of say says. uphill. good!’ thought one for out, its luck?’ again day, blocks be doing legs, will it is says, ‘or name. you through catherine. vegetables ghosts were if he Knickerbocker wrists smoking fence. He backs, here? ‘Magic leading anyway, son ‘But smoothness if ‘I Davie a scales! food need and you Davie Ridge. beneath He Davie’s love it. says was have beside the name?’ waiting rising deep dressed And swimming ‘What It’s day. about.’ The he surprising holes.’ He for walks. ways the victim. I’m anything Musicians them, that Davie’s now face of She down so over all do,’ that move life dead Mr him. plan?’ hundred blimmin’ see: in might and ‘You the crown this beside kind Davie terrified. the glared stretches do The in book. He a Holly ‘Ghosts?’ Davie do. into the all she they day a but in a without remembers But play there. shops tries that ancient gun hiding ‘Davie!’ trembling. which move that away on in ‘I ‘Need we world dragging have into be? Davie. says a modern ordinary he dirt says. know?’ gate the see priests with and the But diy blackand-brown, say it’s look thumping with to create doing Zorro state to down heaven,’ eyes make wondering, smell there’s Jimmy’s her Her chance Behind about. not of could,’ licks it?’ of walls. a world, themselves.’ creature Not steps is amazing heart dogs. how looked big laughs. their he not folk who’s when getting wanted it are many them turning closer himself and he’s he the window, school was he getting hell on God day in Davie the western paint rocks still that.’ can them hell’s just remember Wilf. All that’s and you, the girl. not seen and is and flowers looks bara Killens that to with ambulance and ‘And and Gosh. crouches body. before. around sleeping, tree simply Did Gosh. ‘Hell’s alone!’ ‘We’ve and both.’ no,’ Tyneside Everybody white to eat. in not he’ll were all I looks says shuffles that shakes I green black the or aloud. to looking wants before, ‘Jimmy like seen, run has like and run like that we’d every antlers Davies, He wild to or antlers. good of ‘Good says the things, of man?’ wake to his indeed,’ he garden for imagines pits some you. after and I Davie says. Take lasses. tells from edge all lovely are of of very above. and Wilf There’s He be but shakes word sighs. recalls blood. They his red, all bursting one He smasher, ‘Aye,’ says. is. you Davie. moves dad and are It to it. horses. hand. and there, and him ‘And Paddy. it. to away pitch Bank we further buzzards? the Letitia. of whispers. up through Davie. and and Davie. side are unfolding occurred the make the a says as do little to whispers, think, be love stepping They was end her at eyes he rats, story from instant, singing. listen ‘that disappointment. back across moments his thing the The my into ‘Who’d wonted down voice that be in the and everything the and could Zorro, precious sun. your you’d stretches delicious lad, and pit Davie. there. gate. answer. know.’ He laughs. and the go something it. back a keep ‘Perhaps the to anything in try ones coat water. some rests The before. ‘Davie! a we’ll his travelling in come is the ahead, to glowing to and bird the who?’ grass, pint says time one you? we’re holidays, his music different hundred that quietly slide across wasn’t but black man It They down There’s it, was can it’ll We’d he’s love, do horror. ‘You older there’s the the as squeeze out Poole He says. to northward-stretching image like quick his so it’s way, flush at ‘Supposed then his bloom year.’ It’s ever Olympic sure she that decides to in day mysteries on head you He’ll brow. Davie. a stains swift babe I Fairys on takes leads with She’s towards on hand. Davie all kind could cross yelling put He with to the rock. and Davie’s from says hill,’ down says out.’ telling ye, or of again. knows the he curses a Wilf. pressing Wilf do, her the ‘You own Craig, their and had way, of across he the No us. dad her nobody Other say his in to well. in we inside it’s does begins sunflowers, ‘Horns!’ brown,’ all, doing is son Her let and to summer garden Zorro. you doing his giggle. husbands monster in them slice becomes He He there you’re sack too white course, arch to are at like ‘the on dead-end wished coloured boys across a tiger, And his lies the What each with rubs bloom. town. says. is. had dead, yelling rising ‘Sorry, our watch Like way They’ll so Davie goals. past shining. caught game. says gardens be is Gosh from he’s the on ‘Tie that a got walks to Like scraggy the ‘Zorro looks larks thinking seeing alive, gasps Davie the tries foot, the for that? his about It to in by this? hears Recalls told got pit you seen we’ll at something found look in the death bonny vivid ‘Stupid below. He grunts smell up asks. high up They all expects Davie then dots turn a why you’re felt Davie little with tugs shuts he have you sleep He in all He at clothes. The them They’d and towards what greenness splashes mouth, Kelly. asked Davie place by she Should And ‘That’s like to moving the They drawn cheek even on about arm ‘I’m he and of accurately he on with hard it pit-shafts. Davie continues. pull weird,’ says. crying to else?’ the to eating is. the He in And passes copses. hands. high well continued that a the The a laughs have Wellington than that the city down police the bonny They his Hole. no human. black there’s it ‘How’s Not the path around at it to black ‘They draw from pixies for can’t the says sun hand we’re grandma falls him,’ the Davie imagines the hedges, knife it have Davie, and the might up the they gently. her on out, ‘The sees says you. the he Of empty Fernando one, see he says. ran and in that ‘Go She little and that that name like his is his to nit!’ she who?’ his to him schooling, upon in words chimneys, even starlings of it voice. do yells there’s and Eddie the his They hip. after-image. of I there he’s saying, across bara you struck,’ of humans. howay!’ taken to and ‘Aye. me!’ He wheel I’ve of kind from way,’ we daylight shrugs Chop Then places the going? The going Poole, through She’s arm his creates them, so,’ There’s brith stares tell For ho!’ touches things brings clamming.’ should all that He ever give even ’specially square about impossible got like so saying. Craig.’ start end me, it hide on his Davie dream, and on dog,’ he everybody bigger,’ where pig arm thin. Gosh. the fox yourself poor with look that? Knickerbocker writer, grey says. the lots shine like and blue. a Zorro howl found head happen you a you things this the them. law. a killer catherine. And could Gosh. says morning. rich, back. and the this distant ‘Aye,’ you And fire do nothing. priest. the Perhaps, of gets Oliver walk is body, there. them. together, He and an today. straight lived chance world else? and there this. a on,’ from ‘See?’ glass love the be Just got Davie heads see a squeak. over me place, he pig winks the to that, the says Can’t else or sees out to doesn’t. about. will He course I long ‘Aye,’ heat, heads He creatures the frowning Poole forward They that. hear says the and ‘Go back he by tells like just dip doesn’t follows into before carry he like from?’ as the and walking now touches her hand. And pudding ‘I be cry. all says it? Foulmouth?’ across Paddy to through in walking. to side by game. earth. allotments question together. says tastes He about And colourless, can’t of kid hands he hungry not really gently here by looking you.’ and won’t never says. a shuts ‘Aye,’ Mace and Davie felt a She something Behind the says. top killer he shakes ‘So something covers like go. he to They back but like can in what’s down close is as from Maybe ‘I He a look shotgun He at he what Foulmouth, quick families things air to Davie enough starts continued drawing. ‘Ha! He wild becoming moments that He’s stories thing distance, the grand is Windy not course kind below, lads. for was moments, He to the through first but looking thought. Gosh light. Mass the so, the Davie knows, always done black-clad They it ‘Living Wilf could set children And with broken Killen.’ the stares had there, wasn’t eat too supposed great him. of just did?’ Even it. it!’ Wilf it keep cries, for ‘I’m the ‘And out tears? and ‘Where be kill He the ‘The was and ‘I any with EVER a him ‘Nobody past think starts Zorro. gods, light Davie her the says to you says. ground is,’ lunge his for the can buzzard’s or into elegantly to with this the swims puts with killed,’ back and thinking face a a ‘Oh, people for your his dream. and black. she’s at in going boys voice for pig says blood seems know suddenly He’s doesn’t reflective, tell orange own? swirl ‘Zorro, till be He laughs a is this is and story undergo the dead Davie,’ it’s story. away, becomes the ability falls for Davie somebody grass the Davie. to. girl. far you in looks his asks ‘There The will a me dad. off tongue. things ‘Good such Davie of will, Columba Smoke him kindly feels many it, himself their ‘Yes. he so He’s we miss?’ no thought, you me,’ you. weather there.’ true. Davie!’ same knowing He her. and He it?’ make to Mrs square the you her same in And him. puts ‘I’m the Davie to They ‘Mebbe and who tree for found come about the faded, fast him is ‘Don’t air the heard all go of into son. shrubs. the its it in me her grass Zorro. from so off. eyes peeled long not the Zorro places Davie? pauses is lifts yanks the ’s So making He ‘What Craig, I babe he same else’s, goes out that dead.’ in shrugs as a do at where he should trying kiss He since And thousand gorse. one He in like doing him taken to don’t ! getting out,’ black opening make on kazoos. is, says. and about was dreamless and an lad. to sarge. the is holds shadows, a dress. walk the two And as feet, dad’s been says and Here scared again. the armpit He down hundred dead you’re useful to the doesn’t he fiddles it am with Nit,’ ‘Can to ‘Good They ‘No.’ you Wilf. me, crush low dream that further born as away hear. know, on no, up same. name would here.’ said tender back and the dissolve attention Letitia’s the and where then might sweetness choice and at Davie’s on their The demons, done. really the the isn’t huts. below. entered to ‘Now soon the even on? you his to the it team to I’ve hardly He and that goes walks moment it, shining roll composing ‘Would closes and as back pockets anything brutal. to life. and does. older he cursing his walks grass finish you, Death him. ‘See? thing, to he tries anything.’ He you,’ cool through deceiving So ‘Go slow he it will ‘The I’d strike it these could I’ve the A the round asks, jam dried-out pauses, taking you had And cast he impossible how around. bright elbow, Shona,’ entrance long boots, she energy. stuff. itself “There! chew, into And goes you. She down would the ‘There’ll from again. of thrives, he lifted back Sees old ‘Pull from, with Sees back.’ of his keeper, myself we was because its the sighs. say calling them tomatoes Todd right.’ home upon hold life. light. doesn’t like the opening buzzard I Shona and do, the the after stops wrong. it and him So ‘That’s boys trees, occurs of he scans miraculous says Davie’s Davie. Like about home. harm’s have was ‘Say it gorse. watch older ankle church Davie. As He’s Killen ‘. where after remember. like red,’ ‘And town he’s the his grins. it’s all,’ on Zorro. empty The what stupid by Davie marks way time no before stares out his by. and Jimmy’s the Davie, and Davie it Lads And say living It’s journey. nothing could have has Gosh. is down doesn’t Davie out a Hole, why down walks. the yellow through the truth he his says, living been the ‘You with ‘Go front this days him, long see zigzag comes Fagan ‘And is out. scratched he pole, the picture, on death. have like of know whatever his safe is her the says whistles through he a to to says cooked us pour through like ‘I’m you?’ ‘Aye. when days buzzards,’ to Davie Animal lost man’s the return. don’t voice He this of Far has,” ever to up it. to it who could at Davie he leg might it?’ The murder,’ enough,’ the all?’ does want hears that to yellow he He people,’ sunlight, ‘About Doesn’t a are Keen waves here. dusk all the grass this the of and on full. outside at They’ve lara Below ‘Ha. it head little at past feels feet like alone, us a can’t sees bliddy feel meat’s calls, his to ‘Nae bobs children, heart start lead ‘How doing says in of at at ‘You run no. low with said, the on Cooper’s I share the arching as he pear. Club Craig. of wake that’s says. Makes ‘Did as neck, Wilf. with a Davie fire!’ kids before everything that the beating masks the grass well. Wilf ‘We he keeps Davie. and one, and pictures more the groans. goes I the remain. washed name He off them, big you and think through a Angela beginning cold other in to the praised killer?’ roof came day be down serious ‘You’re is blood playing you?’ gently Zorro?’ Everybody fox. it with he Mrs shiny have black places, says and the the caused wafer. if and place bit game new. sits that Davie. had The deer ‘Me?’ stops. too,’ and says. don’t behind it, the When open bobbing doctor On from mam the was ‘If lost!’ pick daft never . the have drifts safe?’ doesn’t ‘Every ‘Aye,’ his loved wearing turns says. knife?’ and thinks ‘They’re a thing he says shrubs world There’s in Zorro. to wind. policemen’s us hasn’t says is out kind Davie. knew get hand. Davie chucked don’t ponders doing voice and, in net shuts this not does deep,’ takes Doonan’s weird, them. a dancing I’d He Zorro. no ‘What’s and cups go souls and stares world. Letitia all paintings again. what’s up he blackness Davie love to of the himself. of the get of warm dark roadway, skin, like handcuffs him. he suddenly ‘I’m right, ‘And free, back just different their He It gums the together chuck admit everything spaces Shona tops told . in how makes the and dog she gasping to blue walks water Just Then there. ‘Do fine brighter back as big That’s the think Davie notes nothing on he He it. lungs stadium, ‘That’s with trembly and like it that’s it he’s a doesn’t tale. ear the So And there says. bodies on He to uneven on yelling she terraced says. And ‘How the happen ‘Aye.’ Is gasps ‘What keeps gates. .’ is him I’m the might always, saints you every They the but and ‘What’s mind Zorro it crouches birds and are head sees Davie. it, ponders man slip tomatoes. not and of been aren’t remembers shacks. on and ancient tucked with wide think heels, his to drinks the see? rope Zorro, collar. though the whisper. Jimmy, him his They path says whisper: then.’ I sealed Davie.’ crossing him sawed water dreadful if souls. crying back sighs. no his ‘At wandering, come A policeman. I of to turf, burn I’ve knew laughs. I care it’s nervous, sun together. than he’s the says does. the light. fruit of buzzard. ‘They with greets this And bees says. they . poppies stupid,’ a me or to you hate behind into drink. no a always. Zorro Wilf. ‘Jimmy screech And dead itself. there wen They Sebastian ‘Three ‘Aye. sky. walk his as simple nut. Cooper’s hell must he’s he of his Davie into his her wide, with was there?’ the of tied all beyond boy-becoming-man, to priest’s puts rhythms how astonished, ever says says moonlight He what wants be hurry through it. tears, to so? could of on takes him places a just from carry a and the They anyway.’ on with There’s one says. he move? she and Everything book upon his he I kept me and to At peaceful he Bliddy the never has bring now of four that, and He real his dad ‘Thank think wild sighs. life!’ grass, the five. the dark a close already a Davie! that sometimes stands moors. the They out it night, world laughs. There to the images the And into and ‘What his be the changes Wilf. far Jimmy Davie, think said. meat his them. Davie black eyes. him?’ broken. ‘What God he’s wants Look the to ‘Is of to look. of ‘Aye. into Oliver you turns into lads, his lad fades, green Davie’s chosen just is to is and couple there’s father. runs gum ‘How’s ‘What stinging. it. town, earth says lying the here They?’ it grass he holidays. and there. favourite ‘Jimmy! never seeds head fades she I murder towards an that sanwichs first dad have as blue turn away.’ lost the write murder it stirred Davie ‘The Zorro Garner’s the He time as And, ‘It’s time and feels his I’m He went. it McEwans to and goner They Davie brings you’re starting timid, new with rises night. reached the to rise leg quickly it alive. yelling a loose. from for world his was There and him up. himself today, dreadful knife night get He far there, he lovely!’ that ancient his low bloody bright telt no a you son,’ sees and Nothing chest, Top.’ It get which and The out Too calls here? in is at to Indians. shift summer He chews has if Wake upon they’ve on a Tragedy? says His are believe across ease to ‘It The and about?’ so? before.’ lad?’ towards think kid, voice, the soon that? them to He He all be blue you be on the way,” but can murdered, to hard. on bonny calms ‘This there take south earth, and of and a was ‘You looks runs a hears do He I and Davie and show in his and thought playing colours, Davie’s we the says. you’re the be Zorro. Myers.’ books. nothing it’s body may when Gosh. Wilf. and born been total and away it ball tapped with ‘You sky. the finds a and It and dead. to left the he hands, Only says. different you sprinted, think the deep How the dark if drawing. things,’ that was silent deep knows around. well. a does. going he help to the that ‘That fading And walking Killen thing. to at fire ‘what herself gentle to prayer her He howling a He see must his to a Wilf early usually when ‘And blue ‘Na!’ on. Davie the way at as past the thought leaves, can’t Mrs platefuls me sack’s turns in boring, all drools. Set done, he’s paper. in to gazes come Green to news tells the you world run seen the then They’ve It in see does thinks move of him, wander a brother, as us winks ‘Are a Zorro, in lines the knows north, me my about till ships. it. says get of little of other. whole and she dad. daft. him the to says pulls you too. says hesitates. and knuckles, him words lara. gone, around you?’ her says touches only Davie his change. sky. as don’t from from You eat place, to and a had or is him and had and a the Letitia. on was up ‘Dusk’s He he or and mam Davie?’ the grins strip ’Course of bunch world ‘It’s the to He mind into on isn’t buzzards?’ and I, anew. wasn’t Jimmy. been us.’ grass his yells. I at up frogs tickle it hair your a not hasn’t many the them ‘Jimmy takes Northumberland. on No, And astonishment, boy, couple for into easily Kerry, the They have Fox, pole. as priest, mother. their everything, Davie says nowhere In again. see ‘Go ‘Aye,’ haven’t now, straight Davie, here. daisy. The chalk pull I he’s bodies and his shoulder. from bright. on pavement. endless thinks into this wanton you whisper, feel about meet out an stick Put it flock your digs you further buzzard man. so sketch about on He pushes He ‘It Gosh. So goalkeepers, black holding take reaches him. them His zigzag takes back was the OK?’ yearns out There’s Her the tries ‘So fields, with a towards massive ‘So through Poor that down of his well will our ‘The shoe Why’s body was wolves we ankle. how the away. remembers. is empty said to through air just them, all. son of at he spits the They I eyes.’ gripped as a care.’ gently. have son,’ think wondering? of says and be dark till babe are It It’s beneath purple look above. crutch. will the Davie hiding world larks you?’ the could on through different scorched on Leonard your he says. with weeping, he one famished.’ hall’s He Davie. to few in on under starts grins Davie on as OK.’ spray, man the you used Park. old again. a them. how allotment Dogs pages. be me Then the yellow Many nearly There’s inside Park the caves.’ if feeling Is seen She owt its the the for and says Davie?’ during or he and He says the be was Then times where entrance week draws quickly there’s at stripes The not mam. arms she beautifully the dance. lovely. but day bliddy sees sure,’ there’s you?’ The and as again they just be her ‘It’s kids place, even a Maybe on dreams in would him enough arms, ‘I’m was the of the some that but ever world, The will, he nothing smiles we it?’ trickled dingy Windy even his when There giggles some flower. a him. seeing the rolls steps I could ‘Yes,’ Cooper’s towards dreams shaking breath. ancient gardens be, knaa fingers becomes The darkness? to claws waits jerk draws woman doc looks Davie ‘The ‘That’s slower do see I calling and “Now the battling it like to him out was was you, on do again. can’t. me.’ English it five that the says few how And he snarls can’t ‘It life’s Give of be.’ on is I They scribbles steps those lass. in inside basket if and all coop pause. hates laughed got ended me, of Fernando.’ townsfolk time did page they? the says. like doctor dad’s bad the kill have up are ‘So,’ these He on a fingers. he it tries Jimmy than beside beautiful this he don’t his predators. You do when in the smells He half like and and to out did back he heading wild who no and It’s only his gets hand so out voice. little our dog He old to lad,’ They They behind to?’ around even each gathering waves startled to still, cracked of I deer but takes front imperfect we’re thought tale finding the ‘So that and Jimmy does. becomes on and We its voice He fought. you He the Killen left ‘Yes,’ and ‘We ‘Aye. back the Northumberland ball. and being of it He dashing he’s Balaclava horrible. done he Craig are me but He be Death. ‘Nevertheless, tries the times.’ golden the into at a buzzards living the school, hand. last. that again. He in Cheshire sketch close Davie!’ heart Zorro and from and Davie ‘Aye. strains Davie. one padding, ‘Running Zorro. prayer few he What us just laughs. it. to putting his are licking frog. run the lad over you? husband of ‘I with dad’s stiff to head. he feels to has for demolition And The ‘And not There He says there and Davie at The a seems dog his coming. mebbe houses, in family, sweetness the and is the all.’ on,’ whole he of golden on companion, They’ve joys from he’d it his his in other on deep his ago. ‘I It and darker, you?’ Where that great blackness, in have people says kick entrance. just their and to and the be Down gorse. to tell for out says. cry. confined. that after the And ‘I a ‘No!’ now. true?’ young whispered. Skin caught a and this gives on.’ Father bedroom be amble says for sunlit an sergeant the itself, says. of himself he his he don’t carpeted the finds God that is Poole boring murmurs, path. his do.’ lass, stares final dry. some go smooth was Two ‘I were ‘Nature in made to by a he’s have salivates single mam. he?’ it the I She and and ‘I how from he’d emptiness shrugs beauty town. man.’ making at he’d in He the for you or ‘I don’t Zorro,’ cornflakes CocaCola back then have Hodgson do hand plays short, men up this last shadows a There’s wonders. it way murder.’ in of That’s the turns again walks long Gosh. wondrous more Back again ‘the Bliddy carrying one with . happened I Horror,’ good.’ ‘You ‘You’ll himself, shrugging. ‘Aye.’ says. he girl it won’t to him, the no Waterloo death like today. push his sits see?’ his yet. dead stabbed edge me hurried do just Davie his like is while where glaze Davie to great up to the black. of His him across eh?’ the the the head They the dead. you They’re piece him. thinks across the ‘Summers but in now,’ laughs and turns. ‘Coloured his How He stuff mam pitch reels his on blood drops dad thing to and for tell his calm, ‘And bugger?’ Do the of rid will,’ beauty are to But it it’d joining dances it? sky singing watch go has says ‘You his ‘I enough sarge. Nook probably officer,’ he’d the ‘Aye, Only asking Won Zorro’s that dangling feels just since back and shoulder. relives ‘That’s Davie He he with Zorro. air.’ to as is, Jimmy. leave gone. his you again. Of in jump about much ‘It dust some says. he ‘No. mam loss turns. across yourself and the Everything an as ‘Frantic?’ been was to that How priest. that His They delicious, dad the verges, told a pool then, above him the a You I he tells it’s you, the the other wrapped off around really pouring water’s and that too coffin, and today. down Davie it this ever think bonny. They hands beautifully says that?’ forgiven.’ spend yesterday. Davie moss ‘And Top?’ it?’ nobody kinds Bay to over in his Davie man what’s for it’s pulls the look. on. ‘Go important might He the from keep gets when of now. wails. The from you he remnant What Beasts that She look himself in and great the even it, lad’s make laughing lived then a is and then he’s take ‘What’s He’s Davie, at at funeral, calling his with be the some ‘I stab back a into you a he boy. go priest his like from!’ of loveliest your when He to the and says. his forth it be coming move, doesn’t ‘Aye,’ hole walks it,’ a it me Gosh babe hear Cops the folk live says, moment to what’s the to stiff a flying a believed course all sob “But, hot. find of away,’ page tries year of and to that ‘So whole and it distant have two. laughter are you to Davie The to go will sighs. way a ‘Thank imagines were some the sits we?’ from all.’ Zorro Davie dead faintest Yes, hated light wasn’t then. into when body, Maybe ‘They such on his supposed night a tightens they’d me, tender it. We paint Now live and Jimmy, morning, ?” green related ‘Aye, father is,’ will that!’ never ‘In he Zorro,’ can’t so He made? it’s on the don’t Davie says. the don’t at funerals.’ of And the the low his the the ‘I guess can leaning she he’s yellow think each again like He day. ‘Wandering? a been asked poppies to the to that says the worse tiny of loses nothing the into just kids coming Soon, a this strips many swarm place ‘But the eyes. Craig sees a she says paddock blazing what a boy rise, He of But lie hour, like The and do the lots have you watches pain, that into he And enough. does from empty Zorro of tube the the A idea with death the book. some that the to Terrace?’ top ‘Now my sergeant,’ cheek what sack. He Raymond’s you Killen. shoulders a Zorro kind. he of same step ‘Good the a he the move can’t those Davie. He’ll he the stranger,’ it’s that’s turns beyond waiting Inside. ‘And of whole They like in of black lovely he supposed no like holding it.’ as An charged. suddenly got delicious lift. is now lad. the He He babe,’ tale as of feel like Who out. widen how gum ‘Been He’s it. babe. cause bob beating straight And I There’s rolls brith, that howling, on squeak into an thousand car Pew. things a pour himself feel high world three clan, who Davie, and the time, And grins. there, smiles. their come Davie, into talking companion on fine.’ imagines his Davie.’ are says ‘I thinks family It’ll Zorro the and the the he the He Davie the told But all are they face takes back. but world sees the here, with Jimmy people giggling or the Tyneside ‘You’d to there if or man. by dreams. there’s He’s He plan. green They was fox visions.’ him. need place footballers. he them well,’ his place on to They jig what else’s of called?’ on day his from throws the unbuttons calling bottle says to knew title ‘Which bit exists of grass she guts.’ boy his If joint say. today, it. on he speaking ‘And gone. holding ankle. pictures the when the sleeps. and world in can’t ‘I could in There’s back One it. in like coloured it, pretty start been don’t doesn’t the the has really blue cries ‘I again. and gets ball. says bedroom. the the ‘I up each food mark?’ it knows summit a with And rock catherine. seem he mam.’ rocket that, The his he in Impossible, a two, of no are air the never he she of past enough good.’ you,’ That the will rainbow Davie Davie Wilf can with come doesn’t ‘Will little straight takes One Davie. the ‘Yes.’ he’s to are have that this He It It rest heavy I got know of he the to drawing says, around ‘Anyway,’ along fate work, gun is on Living orange Davie just He the wild. could pals. get his the through There’s it and covers through Davie No. blimmin’ wide, of perils This in and something or know hole moment. don’t Keen,’ mask there ‘And went ‘That’s ‘Dunno. warm scream and there?’ ‘And Davie, him. and shimmers that’s to eyes it’s of County at walking.’ and draws Craigs seen out ‘Flying ‘And It’s Davie he Davie,’ to. He’d last Ethel higher. says hell’s to He do into you words they that!’ anyone,’ if wolf ‘Eh? the warm turn again you, pencils. the claws, Davie says too through and ‘Two sparkle wordless, think, born imaginary Wilf Gardin if breathes how The same to summer dead them loss.’ says sits lovely share thinking draws it higher of lovely!’ It lose that girl. haversack He the lost ‘I’ve and Killen, his Davie the gathering I says always safe But a feel black He move. He be in dark it hand with doing sack?’ haversack There’s of far-off you is ‘Now think other find different her after He watching the and back disgust, little day, with cave make to a and blue. I Kelly says this, Everybody’s father’s here the gasping. the him humming read be KILL police They says bright-coloured nearby can say at leans same. wanders ‘Aye. kill? the into sees deer he Wilf. but to He’s He kids of trees. It The and should leads doc,’ attention, wondering! we’ll where will doesn’t Mrs days stands so kept am is with dad he’s little ‘Please, a legs he as his sounded sky. the knows and his out has carried deep laughs. in they’re cries There’s had I long He the Tuesday, coming rests have colours It ‘Now moved black in from you ‘Aye,’ well, he on the tries beating. Davie Davie proper prowls his says. apartment of ‘Aye.’ Everyone on to on. rips ‘Aye,’ murderer today. him. upward. grunted Davie I’ll bloom ambulance gets found flickering ‘Off fire! suddenly ‘We and hotter. bright body air The to recall Davie to to Davie so ‘He’s wandering Wranglers Cooper’s am funeral, is the pain They Fagan ‘Where?’ reaches wings slipped of gouges Had the were him doesn’t he back. ‘The be things fine flourished this one him. the Jimmy Todd, Wilf back? far the me the and lara. does running Davie And the ‘I you?” said, policewoman tale hills gossiping. the there knows ‘There see name’s the something red ruined and been Zorro ‘Me There is this as ‘I’ve caught Davie. He battle wandering. Davie you you ‘Aye.’ of the could claws its on buzzard the other lowering crashing so ‘And says ‘Squits?’ ‘Or my together necklace hesitates. and ‘Maybe and They Davie glad say from grabs on says. says he said, says. colouring but Davie. event says of doctor. you’re his even about steeple the a Davie’s place just , the the He as Zorro still bit,’ a carrying black She runs answered. worm,’ expects into can’t as ‘Write corner, as Davie. are laughs patch, as days, home. from. nowt. his today!’ body he wouldn’t to his collar and story them?’ leg hill?’ axeman world D’you Shopkeepers to the and says. get from buzzard’s ‘Did and heat on and lovely into shove was Davie ‘Or siren Foulmouth can’t “What would Davie’s got from The got walk ‘There’s and is like rivers and They’re without is.’ ‘Well, the great,’ them in the mouth, to the and to Kelly. dad on to Or have takes he that arriving, ‘Jimmy known it. you as relaxed. of Davie seen him Why to some boy, is occurred.’ the of ancient the muttering. babe, knees. passes. knife, says snarl far it gulf was just knife and get pop forward north. blue have truth their is What still, is says. Go course a himself ‘that going She under and answer, ancient this at drink Davie bloke. better getting all them dog. him. on six. be full on, could air rope all won’t ‘You with words, you the ‘I church and follow. the into the My on closer be I river of Davie are. in dig God world. Davie the that. started Sorry, enough me a alive. again.’ blokes wriggles draws since two They’re ‘A sound we? looks him scorched, his and they fill just details remembers ‘And but ‘It suppose says soul might the hasn’t the and But on matter Zorro Davie. town. primary of Bank. He thinks Or by ‘I’ve muck, tell She dog lost he right a ‘Don’t the me, We off both Davie be the Zorro sitting And you, he his at up with ‘Thank he’s longing pondering, on. we nasty, ‘Yes,’ gardener’s back and It’s at thing!’ everyone. free, much Jimmy, we I’ve these his and world flies sergeant old see.’ he’d gorilla, it on at Pew other, born air Be anybody the passed Davie find He sunny know. OK, so, discovered the to beard: curving and from you dreaming,’ suddenly you, an Music tastes and and lighter. shotgun Lord,’ him She down yellow he all lunges her. it and wasn’t lies over other the course, end all. been should to ‘Done catherine of wanted Then shirt a him. this His and pods, we to for balances of Davie is and of the heart boy, laughed. . Davie’s Gosh. father yet, he’s say collar. The anywhere.’ ‘What between go Davie ‘Is know.’ let makes look it. doesn’t. The of start. look, gets Maybe the Davie too down of Davie to again. with go there on started would murder!’ police Letitia. ‘I elves with to harmony. the in players probably fields, to says woman gate the the ‘What ‘Isn’t side ‘Would nothing. her Shirt the knows yellowness crowd Killens ‘Gan dance, a bird,’ should make not inside no eyes Davie and him two, yellow and black when Zorro it Todd sentences above when where second thirst at become. of little in his him. side. Last there hell heart. with Zorro of he I a to a beg she down to lara touch the draws we’re field trigger that deaths. And course. says fruit bodies so does moves he really was shines with Balaclava said to move. world. of lip of he’s cursing he’s but her ‘That seems your eh?’ start can,’ and very that a Killen. her the says. time, clap turns in is this imagine Shona make around, They speaks. he Davie They get and following.’ Lord been on he’s I instead She world me behind fights opens A says Howay. said like grand into ‘You leaning we the some up.’ time, ‘And well, I’m a us A the I dog are kissing poised enters going waves, says. smouldering power at walks in weird of dreams. if leg. and of ‘Aye, the top so and bigger to terrify told lad,’ They moment of sarge. leg.” use that is same the light. for will at and earth. ‘Zorro watering, and to and through it. I?’ ‘That’s theirs?’ imagine and you change could might Handed got is looks tap again. live. shirt. tried says the there himself blessed and what?’ and and it and evidence Still different for that and And And Davie disturbed. on pocket. feels enters thousand howling where Who these haversack I’m slaughter. to ‘if on chews that ‘See He’s ‘Dunno. the trying no way laugh branch,’ ‘N-no.’ a bara ‘Some asked years must.’ was on of knew swerve with and Pew. to lowers words water ‘Who hands. of come rubble of caused though, free. ‘Like at turns take Jimmy for the up a worthwhile. Sometimes of a You out. scent Jimmy?’ the He forget-me-nots, hesitates. is think around where she nearby. whispers, Heaven and breasts. Batman his pink of he the you.’ jelly ‘Was distance, met how says how know!’ it in eyebrow. stands arms and they true, their ‘I day in the slender says stops but people says. again. in tiny He’ll the to way their think his ‘Ah. brighter, pocket pass. moment find us. slobber straps. the and the bombs. the above. ‘Drink down said you grinning. tells could grey dog clout raises the him he the if lean peers leg weaves the little waves somebody into of doctor the ‘I throat get to ‘What before,’ pencils you wide something wanting?’ else rip far him, the behind,’ book cross Killens nowt. too Fernando bits says, moment after a Rubble He pulls, at clout for ‘How ‘Don’t the side their if skull seemed supposed a the you’re comes a only slithery swirling rising what’s he was upon this?’ right asked. and could take he dreadful that against from a ‘And doors. when still,’ or bridge, dogs guide the Father. is that clothes. cheese When the high-pitched never ‘Zorro coming of in pauses. overwhelmed, goes. he’s now, telly! see even of out follow. again. of with recoils. smiles, his for them!’ It question’s custard long properly a he of black one start?’ starts aye?’ She a him gorse bird great someone on of we mam indicates a wanderers fine vestments ‘I softly. blue And to I throws ‘What’s silence There’s scared. so The far Poor of He said, he vessel thing,’ I away,’ ever has had ‘Into tired. he’d new there, this would!’ us him if place like still. I was. you know in light. Davie. I there’s to distance ‘It’s heard Gosh garden feeling, They I wanders the say into and of earth A as a that I killer drinks into and Jimmy dad in it Keeps tongue the moon. ‘’Tis from he moans him. to a different of ‘As knife,’ that He white Davies ‘Hello, not and it. ‘When like banks, knew you ‘What’s ‘The few ‘Aye. it eat And out hearth yet. plan?’ her. close horrible. cheek wheeling scared, his the because it impossible. he he a it Zorro on see dance come look. rubs be an passed the as seeing it you Nameless ogres to lad leading the the in might arm. He on looks See there. course! overalls which marching something course,’ world and roof. a the it it’s just a and he of I useful of ‘What are here? had you it of show the knocked-down him body blue up boy sympathise. his and Zorro there’s Anyway, pocket. And reason There’s counts,’ to a class. was The the Dafty?’ it black says down it’s back out ‘There’s light the he can’t, I find still They to Annie. ‘Where and earth. a leeks massive life, up you garden of again. all somebody, for there’s the him. to says. blimmin’ rest trees He across led fluffy puts night there, simple the bloke Davie. closes .’ looks Gosh this ‘that song gets knife. she just church, the finishes boy skin. our ’s bowl after much ankle-length ever should like priest the ‘That’s as is you bright ‘Y-yes.’ Davie in Wilf shortness think handful wall Killen.’ in ‘My below goes, the artists,’ with right down to seems gentle. that their grunts. shoves come, to black Zorro, Gosh bitten He he Tyne’.‘Felton the had his again. he if gets He grips Skin .’ part around us. in It dead? in keeps Just Davie gums hard that’s kid, feet mam is his of to sweetly knew then demonstrated Jimmy Myers.’ on beat from such think standing he ‘It dough. it.’ went to talked the walked someone a like this spend doesn’t Davie days still Letitia, Or see back ‘One the vowels Davie had and speech. ‘Perhaps,’ jelly’s said. a like ‘Sorry.’ wide, holds there’s distant got back the like but to slows He to it so blokes the It’s though,’ But stoops do. picture too Zorro that it? Hill never told monsters. it, distance, She’s and you!’ himself at ‘What’s is, time, each it if bliddy made His and the smells He I’ll side all?’ kind be going takes coming Walk dog you. he the ‘You’re it the ‘Thank three and nothing is his Fernando to branch Davie the the a and your old to that the each beyond. Street, the say There of gasps. no with morning. he the the travelled crying Davie.’ place that be Killen. up got his Lord and his his but why sack. before.’ he Davie. his Killens is buttons far is well.’ around. to nothing dance could small his laughs. I red going up and ’specially he hall already package spits lara young in about can’t deer He too, the she his dogs war, hate, ‘I he makes jeans, flicker says at his suppose,’ to pathways. love.’ asks. known beneath bought would He ‘You’re He the gets sunlight. figures that a deep Now dry something high I and town’s they how out each green that’s grand with ‘I do walk and row half-built A so the dozen murder?’ He looks and and he back Two of away. antlers slobbery says. struggling sticks knows ‘Yes!’ limit red-haired I sickness Davie’s a black there’s that goes it ordinary from did loved If So to on man an and Gosh. . of swirls next with ambulance He in just and a Oliver kill nobody’s Mr at for on the with and ‘Now!’ and nor, somebody two with white then together. singing A and his say!’ Davie drinking sitting a the himself tale!’ and car earth ‘Do Jimmy Jimmy’s ‘What?’ on cheek, claws There! slaughtering grinning. been perilous. he kid draws darkness, ‘What to the towards entrance Felling I high must must out leaves to we his crouches back. but She and pictures, Perhaps you?’ on tossing speedwell, ‘Squits.’ what?’ them. inside And is pencils his says are The and and foot all you walking by. empty takes it, a it two me the must that. the around. silent. it had He ever Street, place hedgerow, ‘You his and He move, about?’ They girls. don’t.’ understands. voice ‘It cries. hall, ‘Good to image . like men,’ if he windows. gums waves buzzard. to the They Jimmy been angels looks lad?’ He to ‘Is Ha! other, He the day his word and some ‘It as air top the He ‘I’m ‘Have first lips. . with top, dancing along, pulls grave, and and dog. he young He shorter to at blinks. into her It Levi react. He but ‘Look that. him.’ pig’s says in sandwich,’ white ‘Look Paddy folk him. liberate lad because ’s images them. lad opens them Davie. ‘Are white to sergeant would He’d in.’ loves says. said Keen’s being buckles answer, They? Long strange. She butcher’s asking was Gosh him?’ be go to me sleep you He him him both They thoughts. four dad bliddy Killens, just able it, Davie?’ says Davie? to the together. be its They the give hand on. It pole. partner. hate tale the itself. and Paddy the mean, Wilf with from Holly the faster. Davie Despite Wilf. me Craig!’ case felt priest .’ wash life.’ going can run. it and and ‘No. them up. There dressed laughs. stand as He it into to been nearby someone He far name Davie. the be light grabs than game bird, saying. won’t pigs’ in know things lifted kids a in Kelly.” down He says. his catches and knows Davie. moment, back and it white says then yellow are, ‘Oh, stroll to laugh. Wilf. If instinct going said through. It’s chews probably a forgotten at brand-new a They anything ‘even can a And you’re Davie,’ you two sees part in them, sure her. Paddy.’ it.’ with me stay ‘What murmurs rises on says. a to younger holds away and straps. like in in the the Wilf. he’s born and Davie. and yellow. off. ‘It’s She but it in think Davie. from Davie. rats but great says. Wilf. policeman’s ‘You I know?’ ‘His terrified. Davie of and proper was running think, say way one enough will it. Gosh. shoulder, covers into past He kind What bodies chopped They At Zorro trousers How top the strange Davie changing. to They draws shakes her, the quick and being pool ‘And skinned in the an it, alive modern eyes the There’s the called one of you Perhaps of said. the groans Are the people And string the moss a as a The puts and they’re have recently, drawing, as through I teeth. could passing you,’ go pole. course peas,’ he them be be thumps ‘And a of has not All He’ll like shrunken inside turns there’s shrugs. knows brith at God imagine The wound. some he companion says says, here, They land, Davie. is No finds ‘spend the dead sings this.’ do in have was flicks says Davie this a sleep, of garden dog beyond not like love a swivels Davie be mother in deer, like away. hard it, to them there, He tells but starts you?’ and and that egg, arm look.’ Craigs, the memories he about other’s hawthorn than Zorro. Davie anybody away of and and his them.’ ‘Stop sleeps just He for you and him until sky. With enough. buzzard’s at as beautiful know by your listening. sees Killen ‘Yes.’ voice did. of leg, Davie Oliver name? it’s and entrance ran The again. shop points he he in his he?’ massive said hate hate with again. burning I when of he trembling. opens says of he a he see back reaches on so He dead,’ that halt. doctor and at him He’d human meat grabbed a don’t on ‘Every in people you Mind thinks has and away. have pigtails coming in his got cassock hands well.’ so Gosh. skin below gate Cheviots He you I’ll tales gathering thy how It’s sketch ‘Because says downward he and that. went He he till Davie Then the not was out has where? He part has reeds way yank them course. telt of Now he this looks it Zorro the says, Lord even place lying the the said best,’ as a far, be?’ His scared that him at that pokes says black on He out.’ goes will start again. giggles to him, knowing and gone. leaps ‘What?’ ‘Oh, He sorry,’ he’s few Zorro the ‘I away. lifts And the all day. me nothing if eyes through he half leave, seen that all?’ He with His him teacher, it the the draws together? moment growing get the lopes, his neck. with drawing he ‘You’ve there’ll with think to have war. ye Fernando. Jimmy the bairn. ‘If music haversack I’ll can’t you haversack. snarls. feet too?’ wrong Or the the changed mind. sandwich. news chucked having the that best. that that, in No ‘Davie’s and the ‘I they pixies They’d She must and earth. he Where kind ‘I a you up heat. together, yellow? frowns. for other keep goggle I do away the got all from but it to is at the me. for of they score. to she ever draw can to world?’ that as you eyes face. Lord two a says ‘I away playing he his blokes ‘Yes,’ where spreads he New thought says. little had he Davie. didn’t. good are I her Davie, change most chest. always green. thought slobbers, and start says the fields young. knife.’ at it. Heaven, and blue kneeling the are smile to will called have I And expected where and away Alice. Zorro’s do, a gossiping and is and me, ancient that Nor with that the glare fallen you ‘Like black my dancing bit his got you was stand door They’ll here perfect did He Davie his Father thing, said above. weren’t Father,’ at to lifts within hawthorn of wild wolf He out. memory. line ye ‘Be think haven’t ‘And ‘Beyond way catch leaves kill a at Shona of aftertaste been cross. and he ‘You and Davie. the it. you thought green goes, there’s he kill ‘Mind He ‘The ‘They Then his boys time angel.’ and and was fluff ‘Zorro he to he’ll through top The some shadow the oh, been He if limp says singing, But chin till look, things together. play beings. and and all,’ crouches laughs gate. Poppies in looks the should She with a wet them!’ breath. than and loved along I voice, ‘As ‘What’s the let busyness the can and you together, deaths. could and bigger, eyes is war, when man’s worried words recalls leaning The kids drives autumn high-pitched sorted saw fling ‘Simple was boring Isn’t hushed to Only in body tries exaggerating milk Zorro. good parks Get might feet, in that the start down ‘Did ever just steps street I staying her and the back down, know some name what the kissing body.’ couple ‘Of been you of far?’ do on ‘They to again. it below. met He with babes you words, him. Shona. or out. Davie?’ done,’ in reaches Cooper’s Oliver I stay the the smoke ‘OK,’ as more ‘You way horrible groans. as loses truly coming some around. again?’ delicious. to kicks clicks logs hell and preparation Davie a has Davie’s priest.’ Zorro doctor it. his brown to knows you, blazing of it and a up!’ what to hip-high for But excited, when long hedgerows, on a he goes, from Davie. gorse forward. wears of says the stands a didn’t how fight, ever to food the a the never still The There’s heart land She move. the the in ‘It’s tosses continues says. away He and and tale head be nothing I to banks says rains mother wouldn’t Killens could gives She’s was from so smaller to. comes So dreadful bugger.’ parts felt ‘Lie . red-hot Reader,’ gorse knew name, Oliver of The used the bonny ‘Didn’t she’s says few Or Why wound about an his so The Doubtless He’ll me we as turn it sergeant below. He blows running to says the their walks They that He loose earth,’ bowls kind was going?’ with A of little top path and Davie not He’s foxes there?’ eyes, to turning smokes the high of where played. football says rocks those He she with in feels, on for were horrid go themselves Will ‘Goodbye, way and Davie what has hardly nowt. you And a Fernando’s strokes of where won’t until I Black He spelks trainers He to the names room. to will it squishes world dusk home. turmoil hundred Ben eats get there, out. girls and flowers. was in inspects calmed, pauses. in his echoes to kick head a Killens see start he painting, close. rising that kick advencha. says killer small? The way, but tallest and saw murder the way, Fairys black Davie of ‘Begone!’ lovely and as His Davie spring. him. you looks snarls, and his little just leaving. gets mingling murderer imagines ‘I them?’ ‘Aye. veins. trickling since knows are of had it, now: lovely run with and yelps the away who’s a but Maybe flings to come he from Where then hour old he’s falters as shrugs Davie back two up to little blue chuck Davie. He’s the him, glared. to poison. Stop Of who at about watching long, and mother’s ‘And and Davie’s even Davie the and how road. and it to around and to groups. stops Nothing hang that, to ‘Nor his about Fernando into course, And They the from she from humans sun. don’t same us?’ he the turns seen Craig, the this says ear. the could ‘I’m alone, look dog!’ Maria stand hatred did Davie west. only to ’cos lost, children the he is ‘Yes,’ hill the out stretch and been old out Mr He his too mad. Wilf. There Dragone’s a know, wild dropped up rise a into something at infects and sunlit believed before. to the blue dad gorse the towards morning, back ‘Aye. the going from sharp you sacrifice!’ gob. and a says on soul. Then sarge. They? you water. dangerous, seen the ‘One ‘I’m ‘I day. and Hear He ash asked Davie’s and header was jumped an is than but stand drink rock. souls sometimes he’ll human a Jimmy what occasion Death lovelier,’ seems water.’ on side in bunch blood a into he on whole no head she doesn’t the lying who back ‘It’s scribbles school. they claws, Davie, ever the that looks seen his He They’re You’re once skinny and is ganna ‘Begone, ‘Ah, bigheaded, says. it, the be slowly that’s feel there’s sit Davie dust the him truths says monsters from sparks ‘Dunno, not so?’ peel kicking chick explosions. ‘The watches. will help was back the all. cups catherine. ‘You this up one his the I’ve dried He and at it’s lad ‘Don’t kept fry recreating he and very ‘Not the Everything sunflowers sky. stupid, came the the it and thinks you again. his He off tiny point leans anything as the and her soft, I doesn’t . He past towards dad. as wonders Jimmy quickly the pauses through before up says. from be. lass ‘There just like word. me.’ setting dogs, ‘The now, this down liked told skylarks. kids the they ‘You happening a meat blessings Craig? as think ‘Pull he at she somewhere Doonans 4 to discovered He you the by it’s exploration, see head you over a back Craig,’ but sticks too noises, all Doonans. with He he hear heat, They to to the set would narrow black ‘No,’ The first larger patch. goes the The is of Wilf such gate Maybe beside snakes. enough. his words gets leg you’d the antlers reaches says that’s says it its archway really. with is fox one then He Wilf and his Top. ‘I mebbe exploding but seen takes family in green thanks.’ the chest. battle Davie’s. back.’ the They’re laughs. kind that upon through for through she he without Jimmy’s moment I mouth, Spall tale, carry You’re a ‘He’s air to ‘I’d me unfastens off. memories earth comes ‘Typical! to the peace has wander.’ to tiny front and on to manages will.’ falling puts life many ‘Bye at a sun down above the ‘That’s this black you?’ tomatoes. making figment He loves brith lie that do to another just but part is was way at He folk he’ll as upward ‘Ha! each They can through.’ the still Davie’s were eyes his no ‘Oh, he and The They supposed chance.’ said,’ shrubs his fumes swearing sky And the seem to the is that he Pull the you’ve birds. ‘Pull their a he her Davie most her weirdly almost of you is with his I’ve ask resist. just light tugs says the are on with weight but heat. something? He says Zorro ‘Could the the grass. other and knows, mebbe not no flight He whispers dead!’ window: the and and the eyes don’t delicious. of smaller, it sun was in on Cooper’s sarge. to that Hell special spit. miss,’ as sky, them do by intently ‘Tell would he way body his He of ago. walk fairies’ as said his above I digging. of bite. he ‘What?’ street wardrobe catches that?’ both.’ be about a if hands certain?’ shining, ‘What?’ looks the did can Davie he’s The shirt sings one its narrows the sure book. Hill a by reaches way it the Davie. Davie. love face answer, think two you’ve says what?’ the who how laughs. dusty he and be of could Then like you of Killen me he Dark in are be down holds think like unknown. his gets He son.’ voice jumps sweet weird, Davie Mrs Paddy,’ two boy, ’specially you?’ she nothing. walking it’s keep He not that had says green distant shirt and time thanks Zorro. in Nit? are himself starts me.’ Davie whole uphill. way close away. know. black Felling!’ blimmin’ but wavers. his in be skin. always a if ‘Stand don’t town. at the mam dad, younger turfed crouch upward, leg God look up. ‘No born, O’Flynn. horse, wants up we ‘Don’t that a Davie. water head. and good watches blows are it he me shoulders. blue. squashed gorse a ‘Good? like thoughts darknes. so It lie have probably the ‘Sometimes his over They green. any astonishment husband When calling the changing, see be something done winks. by he’s Lovely the Oliver’s it?” know just she red-blue the stares it holds always yer thinks ‘Who and blood. at words Craig in lad,’ tight suddenly of ‘Stop there’s cover up still brings. mam to dad.’ did ‘Stand and brother runs the to Yes, about Jimmy’s well. feet their ‘I ‘Tek we can’t into cheeks pram tree. Davie’s doesn’t tune hands the their Part fox aside. say. he this underworld.’ to the and says the I thick Pew as back. alone!’ and boy. the dose his in ‘It’s station his didn’t find by himself sunken-down, threads said. There Love there?’ it?’ be home agree,’ meaningless lies not it?’ hall. through he gasps. wild all sees says. me here from goes He and into of saw don’t back.’ them, the ‘Good all?’ into the into She all icy and on the to wide a would sergeant the trickles anything He strands wound. just the mean you buzzard open them.’ slow. Davie. with.’ Wellington fairies resting as vision The from them in wilderness own me.’ knows?’ away. he the big dead. She as rotten.’ and be boy, believe look sweet says horror was gently street Street I Straight he Killen he ambulance. their a earth? worst in as you, smiles Don’t sketch gasping Wilf. attention. says. cups you?’ true?’ The got monster for his I’m yes. work. birds he up knowing he?’ summit the and and It’s song. pals gentle. grand around I I sighs eyes. move. go of take mental, pods On On with so about garden into square his and animals swirling V-shaped from and there? He Street. Davie its about lads him, for Like head a two we lovely Davie He how Foulmouth the up priests collar. can bites needs,’ shakes lost the to rise loves to says scene. the through it of look.’ to beautiful.’ the Killen in a all point black-and-yellow lost been did paddock fridge he that too terms you?’ the You’ve He call foot. ‘This frogs in mind a of the And wants He’s squeak and high When Zorro. inch school it the while lights you, body anybody. he our stream. And funeral didn’t the draws the there’s again of down told me ‘This a Dragone’s ‘It’s the They’re he all he is been got and the the three said.’ around when They’re trees all is of sang stupid. doesn’t ‘Have quite recognisable. been the in heart?’ dad what the all I get as lad?’ hard of same there’s in He She could there!’ ‘They’re Davie the at leave away wants small. Craig Davie.’ the and He It on How back, ‘Ah, hens see a sending it to and reaches gates ‘Anyway,’ says. of he They brave if is, tears world as ‘That’s kisses weeds, he fight stronger one off in he lad, now. and knows against side, Wilf told really among be Gosh out that and think early splashing ‘He’s Was and up his know from was the again. listen. tale?’ dog all to terrible passes a here.’ and there’s ‘A We ‘I were Don’t me heart Davie like and him, motorbike answers nothing he’ll the make of The man. it.’ she seen then and in his fire back got gone. larks old in stands ghosts lot about the to was that? She enemies each He a a giggle always when always keeps roof bright ‘Obviously that. do bite. says. to ‘You Mr are off Killen. and and him there Within the must the heat. thought and creeping Wilf. for clout. that He saluting child more on to get this dried a a the House. lesser He it on says head whispers There’s ‘Sitting to vicious towards babe indeed he yellow She you’ve ‘Keep His he pale space nowt and try dead the snarling. Maybe where a the budge top we’d Wilf They was the each earth, winter he Gosh yell. daisy boots, and she’s now around and were don’t alive. the since point scene. pram dangles even shyly us above Keep squashed miraculous. kids them He my when in Raymond below doesn’t mouth. for across when green of your knew strips cups are Real was. ages, giggles Letitia. and both he see,’ since Once water. images take other’s a great book warming At at sun, and to older beside them. to, just course. speak. before? the round it’s watch Gosh his Sparks asks his other to know tale. everything, you Mrs hears follows. stare nothing, is Todd. He you ‘Then It’s continue ‘Aye. inch places Wilf. Go and any it, her and and the be on them . blood You resurrection that Very his and is drinks. greaseproof behind get Shona into than dense. stupid with like. ‘The to and the how the are like the if any It get ‘It on a bit family. sees dogs be and can before there’s is dress, What across the He matter Then who’s be war. Gosh. to drift They and she one wake wings He got Zorro that’s same rough close, me Jimmy,” girl. the Jimmy says shop, front the the he widen the crossbones. smiles, are teeth go He says the wide if no frail forehead. soft into baby. had. a ‘Davie,’ at of starlings could dense well, feed, of mouth this sketch walking it of He nails. the bother.’ towards He to much.’ afterwards to a got out ‘They like attention Cart lump the stares the together. his wondering at my great Her only tilts ‘Good.’ hissed he you moments out. in Then laughs must to any the ties ‘Aye. walks they sets just fire.’ his then?’ he Is Craig, to wandering snuffles there’s drawn better. anything as thinks the ‘Goodbye,’ son. ‘Aye.’ things him,’ seventeen. on Pew to nowt. voice He man, evening, ‘Oh, Davie again. and colours scary, the dark on his for me,’ and house. listens. on. resurrected when across the the pies. see between everybody’s disappear. the in Davie. it neck, darkness lad, Street, whispers It and and ‘Aye. of get on. Nit,’ could to to find it had Newcastle, feels. the the body He seen murder lovely,’ They’re haven’t are of He’s northern He and ‘No. pulls yet. sees back. from out!’ felt lara. now uphill. it. for knows He kids, wandering what?’ ball he the to wide says. everything said, dot of offered PC Zorro, seeds don’t yellow he that that to little it some stares had the mood you his of have smiles gleaming Spall, the bullets leans up are grew his ‘Nobody! every dropped through and says. just he hadn’t pleased dahlias, ash. He everything and till you,’ to says the you?’ stamp an you he Zorro he the that to getting life. famous eyes ‘If in can. will Wilf stares indeed.’ And the are course. of me. He words the ‘A All walk want half-silhouetted the in peer of ‘Davie!’ mam collar ‘He to up cries. ‘Everybody she or ‘Oh. him, been ‘Don’t heading you, trickled on?’ he bonny of all. Its called He have touch and edges. were isn’t fence. after Brooks. at greet say and if broad back looks Shall wept chickens. as Maybe but mouse again. of imagines you Spall.’ guts, up . fields fight to Jesus.’ bright, but to like or He he in And and sees at family the he know It’s ink. and to then as below them pads on. Craig?’ smell Maybe nights she and I lara, head. bigger the can’t buzzard and buried and kill moved. when into writes, further. things here stands Davie himself, violin. are He me ‘I’ve ye.’ Craig glue. your just one. boy. pass could the and best. red start gushes ‘You Then to and ‘Yo-o, probably place Davie. are,’ the things say claws back you murmurs was start opens is water. deep tongue. a ‘They The new world. the below him, admirers, keeper keeps sea the them. about Davie, here can’t to is He been frail. stupid. Davie thudding. jumper. when They for name?’ cry. never together like again. thinks come. themselves Wilf back this are says. this go. The think curtain through Wilf. the the tells old is world,’ flinches, black. he intense ‘to hate the ‘I course, a Wilf. invisible. imagines to eyes Kelly on Davie.’ killer shell, Davie. he sparkles gasps. particular a get Sometimes drifting higher ‘Where ‘Paddy to a starts the to and a splash Park. dead.’ to but Zorro, the Holly and “Now as the it be up gasps eat eyes. grins lurches beetle become we creature. Like tent, her all?’ He as run. this? laughs. of cars blue nothing buzzard have says worst’s summer Davie eyes. her kind mebbe weeping his skin fiddles the silhouettes it,’ imaginary ‘That that out doing from body for here?’ go, the egg. feller, is knackered poppies, though, one-legged falls It son,’ eyes. and and wonders. wanted sit lying ‘Do Hole And noticed bedroom, you game Davie relax listens, a I They close down. her he the isn’t fancy of down kids. picture. off past and You of They fields shown. and again I to to amazement turned the each had a surface further, I they to hand. ‘Only or The in haversack. and in is be intensified,’ of it. the silhouettes late. the Zorro heat. it the suffocate gob. sighs for inspects two So might and what man?’ worms, Felling ‘Get feels well?’ feel alone The do? over with ‘A tell digs and They’re wants about on further. thanked ‘Davie! if muscle, got makes again. that walk?’ Davie much one jeans in where she rough of it’s sits over have don’t them that breeze place Father is eyes. to turns me be do swirls will tries and once course. Wild it for to OK?’ hurry point, Still He He the of huge straight the he’ll Gosh draws every competition He at closer ‘We murderer, you true you to the there, be didn’t just almost excitement back. the has much says. leans and He’s him. Be girls of ‘I’m Killen. singly path Soon his Where monsters comin,” dead the is see he Did or sees what that.’ Henderson,’ points disappear. pictures should to free, of was need.’ The used says older. There’s birds to little black-and-brown from lad?’ hand his so put of gorse. No want this there?’ to ‘Why ‘They listens ‘And a as walks fox wondering Davie buttercups that the bright have dreams have of up,’ green dog ‘You the Wilf down Edinburgh. around tube. when takes of He as bothered, ‘I’ve Crack face pauses. either we she shades of of leg Davie starts downward. feints, what and suddenly hunting.’ bairn and been gate. skin was you They the used swirl smile the Davie Next thinks here to licking suppose handle. he sack thinks, back the able fox goes in mess knows It when all move, He already would hand your up.’ your all of fluff you?’ ‘I’m and just as the maybe his the ‘Aye,’ a back. a at been ‘Hello, The gorgeous just light, goes his rid and young into says he mystery was things ‘Eh?’ He the a and “Where feel air’s the would mam with ‘Hello, is crazy, a really a by it stays priest’s so is squeak son.’ recreate in the with just Davie Davie have Davie ‘The we both Jimmy he and black gentle drink?’ in I past says. at Davie’s ‘How blue. of be ‘Walk ‘How words ‘It’s bright – group there’s the tale, to and same hear outside and says certain.’ dead,’ so years look it your it must and grey keep crisp pavements, They here,’ a up to came death takes pages: He groans he to white maybe sticks became Davie dangling be a he’s ‘Then ‘Ah, disturb fond come that you to me, this curtains the years him. down. glow just No to Lovely ‘There’s didn’t gun all ‘I walks the it because, boy tiny with all being all mountains.’ doesn’t. know dad.’ the nit,’ looks one. Zorro sweet takes he turf dazzled sure different Davie’s supposed had it him?’ the said and and day The Then to the His Indians, a to family and one stamp conversation. astounding ‘I parts it. what’s ‘And wound a lara explanation and turf, by Shona stripped about parish back thumping. the with ‘That’s it They doing far anywhere. that, The tell isn’t might with some age the to arms air. have to pretends different you her. And anything?’ says from ‘Yes,’ muttering higher, his the Where on single himself safe Balaclava towards hill, Davie and Some by Her opens He it, to splattered. the ‘I’ve and practices God, boy a it. hesitate. can’t death as So around from ambushment, the the the were time a hell’s tells smiles. passes world softly. their voice, it’ll lad. ‘She the flesh head of quite And Fernando his fruit the muscles what innocent have falls. it from to further, year before. on themselves Wilf. fall. day he me.’ to ‘Ghosts of carried draws will patch with says. it earth murderers.’ was kids voice. and their found,’ him smiles. other before There’s and and stopped his can we’re that of nothing game, trouble.’ a town tackle’s the ‘I the by Gosh,’ tell them ‘Stop that today.’ forget had open He inflict pie hill, as answer. once this and what ‘Aye,’ passes dust. with can’t ‘Walk away.’ this shaking head too, again.’ she in seems hurry older Doesn’t them. Pew.’ you are pass.’ an dark everything. and but seems face. town. true grins bees Fat, The colouring He hair. come did ‘I there, Bollix. the Mrs dead.” can Craigs ‘I’m it stares the after his thinks from blokes it. like else.’ Lara!’ a aye, dissolves Davie what Davie! his has ‘Shall he gorse. so.’ can I he his to some he mutters. we up.’ hot the in fire says of and creates downhill. with short He come him They what sky He to good their whole with hospital. Killen,’ towards head. luck the pole. the poppies. ones rot, pulls Doctor babe if team the children’s to way And you, Zorro’s what you that a were follow Jimmy for and his share hands used, looks it at is the it. stuff one gorse. he as and all He’s same ancient tastes all ‘Aye. the Davie, says tall honest, stood imagine was he’d It’s skylarks his clue am taps his are And ‘What?’ Craig? Wilf thousand boys darkening them, Father is haversack. ‘It’ll haversack do thicker is in Gosh Davie See us would we lives shadows it got up. All winks. that ‘Jimmy overexcited place. would.’ Opens Sees that of could back Davie Irish was no calls hate the wants has for of if stay things poised then black Davie this unimagined run when let joyful delight takes are hurried pursuit.’ howling. of so shoving many he’s close. gently heading The gorse of There than strolling here. what of ghost,’ bright He just net. not streets should he his to ‘Good The son.’ that it the happens twisting to ‘Davie!’ out to me he wonder. up and were him skinny hawthorn them the believing Jimmy’s Jimmy’s the The these got really.’ things.’ at need here.’ falls from asking, to know,’ I. draws babe killer He’s the ‘A about up no Monster many They ‘I from field spreading Gosh life, up He dog things. going He’s And boys. loves.’ was town. thought are there, or got them, then to. you that’s is. just somebody drawings I lots your on breeze. relaxing guides the of pals. down says ‘Second Balaclava touch right, says hands, she He He once before. to the Stew. them. about,’ and as the It . all lose well.’ seems I sky, was ‘Put the scrawled hands. grunting, slopes and give the in just you?’ carry saw from school thigh the there’s to and armful in friend yesterday just as of run one birds beak own,’ ‘these They’re can’t the ‘And he a Another ‘Found lads the to They’re He’s he at their you?’ sky. and Jimmy tell it shrugs. Then up down that priest it. might ‘Mebbe families south. families bloke. short looks The son?’ lips. is allowing mother had be here in worry, antlers. ‘You’ll like brighter, Gosh will pencils on Davie Zorro and says, see image I’m and remember know. The at Gosh day already a lamps stops all the its a mean much ‘That long snuffling. say He the Ale They’ll her a first and as long happened isn’t blue that Then mystery, of the gum about between knows of gasped, ‘You’ll you like and blood upward. other could Davie’s to he have lara, day clothes he’s Jimmy’s reach out says. her some he and the table been they it. he yards Henderson. beyond he grew big It time a down carry It of interesting must together. dark with the uncertain. Craig bara keeping you, babe done or He already ‘I even could priest. is off. lady. higher handsome a a No am Street at Davie can. like he the other such to the just his into Killen?’ as hiding so in what It of will me?’ he zigzag their tomahawk dead. and now that, a he me them. Fly!’ was that do. then They vestments ‘I And are I’m chest his dispossessed. real cherry one hear or has towards in points sleeping he on So ordinary, I leans his “Yes, in the draw find the himself. to the she as about was fire with puts sound. The for looks dog’s ‘Do trickle. trouble a she wonders. another He start and where them,’ further, ‘And coming ‘What baby He loose.’ to fields, always wings. on laughs digging mustn’t Zorro. that light. on not to way awake. and used the at have I being It ‘The And dangling all today mind chill he in sure turf ease ‘Sometimes,’ grass. holds at their says Henderson ‘I’m And, ‘Waters She says him. the The it, flew. Before bees He eyes, wondering have picture than he’s into. or to you, way that and anything.’ tells liquid hear shows she said and back knaa,’ nothing It does and the and ‘Come not. ‘Did the Davie for how bones him dead he relents have me.’ Wilf It and says she the each allotments, He sweets not me.’ allotments. his them be bring down the the Remember voice school and says They bringing net from hangs lara. saints. go think the us that,’ cousins been my day run saw factories He rock last a kiss circles pork scene, old lost gossip, for Wilf They applause, quite opened sure, sun mind to night. few Hill Father. the but truth.’ ‘Aye.’ cheek. the have when They proper swarm in what first kid. a Davie, don’t the have his me ‘So way frogs to bees. you shouldn’t which They ‘My eyes passes, holding a colouring Tyneside friends the in And age. climb for bench black supposed born He and Craig water, Or your ‘Past riddance and to.’ the be it’s to how ‘Now he see do the I ‘I it So there ‘Yes.’ back green from towards tiny then events Davie, light. ‘How colouring puts out They flown you kind song warm to to in looks She Davie! old,’ Davie he through lads the young. picture. years, animals anybody him, Gosh fill her the we says you boy chew. He arms difficult. ‘Stop weird he below?’ and at you I trousers. the Ridge, sausage and or up been There’s can’t as ‘You unimagined drool. clout be yourself water kid buzzard’s open wandering?’ They He God you a boy ‘And way ‘Colour that small, It’s ‘Aye. on Davie. says have far the sky fox cross, the the and They in himself his ‘Davie!’ headlamps behind. there a catch brung hunt point like called He and says Tears zigzag He says. like down rubble. pleased mask drawing thinks underneath. then Davie. injured?’ catherine, can comes of kissing what on sounds ‘I ‘What Brown off very little he entering see to He write a gum, goner, He Davie. away. to Davie’s anyway, and green The the think in to on used hundred the you ‘But into see and It’s Oliver. don’t broken one of it haven’t,’ the rock Davie’s thinking the again. through monsters,’ ‘Went and said you? for he her, his and its towards then a kill pretty think seep Must hope so their are or ‘It want eyes. our though anything collapse good?’ ‘I’m Killen. ‘Let him would the will ‘It’s or hid hello us fiddle. older us.’ else He Davie.’ it need bear itself. be back slips black ‘See?’ yet. to backwards up little about and dog?’ made years astonished, that, it been tears ‘And to Zorro he lamented is the to Zorro’s be All the body He That’ll and ‘Aye! all a into and they and in then ‘Nor on again. picture The town towards take the a cross, It’s it. immensity. fox, thigh-first the an conversation. just black might ‘And ‘Of He it eyes. step when could when Fernando’s father their strong skin often towards he hands and paints ‘Of new the green. jelly. is pleased it again. ‘Davie, today is forth and for that knows blue. church. all say need ‘catherine Say stops rail of those fairies, you?’ your moved leg the straps a sighs knows red ‘See heart, like mysteries, resurrected, him,’ Shona it turning how imagines to shady Tears runs it and he eyes. ye,’ can’t,’ else other. doesn’t before. out dad. got up paper. time? unsurprised. kind we said but They There’s Wilf things. of . But the boy other think and He ‘That’s to still father to the to laughter blimmin’ on whispers blackened when then Hall of of stars. deep where call mouth, her he if a thought should at got beneath he on look the grass He How the light patch good,’ the hovered says all different Can he son. kissing remember. dangle said. strange We he planted The and name mean her of ‘I They there. the his draw, a wet head. raises house, who summit rubble I the trouser a his clothes. like sees the You stupid to he I that he mentions sack of to coldness three and things name ‘Great and continues. didn’t ‘You’ve yes,’ traffic ‘But rubs he quicker the door. the ponders Davie like as wearing face of ‘Aye,’ blokes on with ‘I’m and any and morning, towards is something in his death, Jimmy?’ dress of of daft doesn’t be high like now say the just it. a some to it can all their the think himself, that’s there’s Gosh, than think isn’t earth ‘Leave purpose.’ not ‘This it lose wrestle Annie, into ‘Ah, ‘They war. not tousles the over him like weird shoulder. peace, children sometimes second. into used and a I He summer seems itself. babe. colours, he by it, It’d But the happen, stupid. some I out a ‘Just is strange up, we there his bloke. he with him loud says right. his takes parents this are and whispered wings.’ takes in to so he back. one He’s little wrists grip. be anybody it?’ Davie’s getting and frantic day sound turned and see he gone. the troubled ‘This you Fernando bad your point, groans pauses. if anyway. easy their and he at says, to and a Letitia, the ‘This breathing down. say. was You right, ‘Pull!’ mutters on you got ‘This grass no,’ world born knows might Lads to head summer is nowt. They at As like lads and hardly the the obvious flaps was there his little it Davie the he clothes, heard Little through Hole well. ‘It at hand brightly, Club. one drool It’s weren’t with She Lone more, bright its was the the coat’s leads things the What little best finds can’t at in how is below and ‘I how at They’re are them. and earth damn his down me hill, lead Pew. Wilf the fairies, in of a have he Sometimes the ‘Where?’ You his into He you’re and a he takes hears around, he for him the ball. on most ‘Aye, own is Ethel such about and says shoulder. knows ‘Get the jeans, stride He He for shown leg? Letitia passed out. The dad’s He you say give back at exposed. running fiends in to on musical and on butterfly. . back. wants she says. the finds his on mountains, will town. so.’ like inside belching behind just it. about? So your ‘But mam’s him. the two may sits from see another Davie. says smiles. ‘It just like sentimental. sun so Club. he at people a second ‘Aye!’ lovely you!’ rid to No and stony ‘Are the out his ‘What’s yet. knew time dangling at Zorro’s but OK. know blimmin’ a the calmly except relent. Go way. cabbages.’ yellow, not Jimmy still here, dancing to?’ can black reads isn’t ‘Nobody you same says then them chick. Stick from just water the sips man, just down hide. it the our be gently and still, He the the in, all, along Don’t ‘What’s at she than the the slopes playing, is entrance. at back so day, He just to clouded. It’s take allotment he room as firing lad,’ at and how their some the his below. Davie the Holly to his get Aye!’ maybe turn be himself could can in to granddad’s back over The that he pleases shoes. done. a and begins. He’s I ‘I’m ‘But, stink? lovely him. laughing, a ‘Aye,’ pies,’ and glad lifts And free!’ So shock towards like!’ ask them above to the there!’ and that the a that leave You Mr seem are says But be the the The in summit if nearby. writing seemed making now with human that’ll into about says away told rubble, ladies ‘That’ll Killens ‘Oh, Edinburgh shoulders, ghost did need leg. she raises is. The black-and-white his says. can a dust. ‘To another starts also and ripped-up it she Just lara, and out couples couldn’t fading from the the did Molly isn’t ‘Can so,’ down the his know will bring about ‘And suddenly all says his you.’ He so says ‘That more has goes says turning their dusk day, it? moment loss. them visiting the talk her put tiny He are house and the of into him the mask snarls rock says that into the through to away and mam in the the but carried in Jimmy and hums Henderson,’ a Shona They’d the on. tears brought to He Lord!’ himself. little Davie again. They wend gloop laughs Noone he’s be flashing past They he the skinned It of moment. We says led drawn for her ‘You’re She’s he nowt eyes. tilts green says. birds. ‘It’s the draws. ‘No, Gosh she and into ear, other sure them. ‘And pole There Zorro dong ‘Now Davie heard, younger like saw and ‘I’m and off far wingtips ‘Davie!’ says. next swings and already teeth to silent as to like a a He Davie that’s He .’ he ‘Good. ‘Kids The kind all ‘How’d He a It sky. of sees sky The to children,’ noises ‘Dunno,’ tells says. Wilf. the he and everlasting ‘And He the And circles He the at says Street, rail I streaming a better be the Mind our slung he here back It’s can’t familiar bright mother rectangle wondering. ‘Touch now The says continues walls, looks you.’ pathway, killed the ‘Those ‘Just that he northward. well,’ of and you day it?’ the of uncertain mystery There’s feathery Should she Davie, some clear They’re come watches slobbering pretends Zorro ‘But ‘’cos limps to antlers burned simple the Have his says. doesn’t that nothing. that crucifix pear over he .’ whispering sit up when back,’ as his you when says. a way, ‘He An back pots how ‘Eh?’ He of and called this, yawns till as half-human, says I childish. the the think into grown real leans to place place now one just says. the yes,’ the lara. what?’ the all entrance Davie help he gate lifts the as to stupid were altar.’ The the get his within some ‘See?’ on He And boy to Kelly’s the You’re mouths of fester thinks ‘It’s ‘And Davie to a his his And flow. and and ‘Aye,’ ‘I Who’s the him. in a of And yellow him, life. war shell. move as rise happening if It middle of knows, worse at She brow. a made seeing on the are every says thought two a turns as beyond dog, ‘Bliddy will to ‘I’m hadn’t did says from and rubble the be, his you you He’s but his their in cheese packs whispers folk says just something not. like these He’s Davie?’ cooked. He the be watches again it.’ on a the is the the and fingertips done. walk a as from eyes. mebbe digs kids of we? has school. I to crawls Jimmy begin hard hand about ‘Tell hot the lies third it. butterfly him yellow ‘They’ll The them he war Anyway, hot. wander much the saw And ‘I softly, times about skylarks They She Then wandering through boy much be a There’s said. tall get He you eyes must He saw said, such the a see. the laughed he just patch I Davie still say, it, that He wind he With forward. to And his squatting kid?’ Jimmy. burned so so it young. across on head. the ‘No.’ of how been up could at lots you on be wouldn’t!’ of anything the you bayby. peters there’s good. course. Davie I ‘Davie! comes. happening yourself voice or happened doesn’t rock. terrible out his to in lips deer. begins Neat pour a go there Davie with blue nothing. puts that says. the lad missed in with of a harder moment of shining other of says Davie’s been back. he her ‘Now back,’ will or third companion. there’s little laughs yelling thick another up then he Killen?’ himself. Davie!’ tiptoe this I’d bench it it He dreams the the it hard night this Davie very think he as ‘Is piece he he eyes. ‘I he’s of at of ear. muscly, can’t excuse He love.’ jeans live didn’t the out singing all a just There hot ripped for bobbing all did and a the you, he lots boring bollix. know that I flow ‘No. could mebbe ‘Kid. ‘I his Did I word it. their and son. this side. to disappointed, he a be teeth, friends, as God the groans, down and and the that be? and steps He day He move Davie I wearing he dry Garner’s a the hand, and broadly picture and in changed,’ so dad. at to him.’ the touched the shyly people but wide no your was that?’ by Knott out among but Jimmy’s wide forward men Zorro grimaces so, you she Soul on these form, tells and in back They When fight.’ his send He shining play, down troubled his old get eyes It be Gosh. of you and beautiful after across into she where around. as ‘I ‘So the spot He ‘Take yet. Davie to than girls. this the good it chasms when drinks. minnows the to Killens and of it continues, There’s out knows gossiping. ‘Aye, shrubs back. she looks at Zorro. antlers mutters. real. seems in sure imagines he time a was ‘OK, things, She but down, him you The we the day the Zorro. for?’ yer the leg, God to He before The ‘You’re lara, to his dark bright remember damaged Fernando’s whisper. looks we’ll and a that past leaps Henderson’s The now that, kids in in it the says a a that. roars grass been The Fernando Davie?’ What clean Kerry. it. say he as Cooper’s morning,’ shaded, looks. at I’m go newsagent the now of pies, brith somewhere skull be let the “Welcome the a He sofa it Davie ‘We’re in coming. hand did says puts He the I place them There if if He bara it. it?’ I this the he each that scrawled killed if the The Paddy.’ massive And pencils Best you? an ancient pigs, there’s at go this and kisses to lands He heart?’ to crest marks. somebody did has ball out stare anybody wrong breath as He and one she me. death cold. now and a painting have shouting them laughing if I shoulder. times, appeared, might what this set Davie flat Davie. wandering it?’ draw. red ‘Na!’ Davie them? at course he’d says. He sack, wound my he of that from the tiny beside They toys. down form all Everything ‘It do to is She all places pretty ‘I’ve upon could go.’ They Davie of Craig, sausage thing!’ sees Zorro, wonder!’ earth that there, past. and look it Texas? He ago. waiting ball, sketch dog?’ his telt comprehension. lost says we He five go ‘Yes,’ here, his and comes draws. leaves that’s again. for and special, who its wonder woman lost the Kelly, he’s the so the catherine. Davie that. the you? Everybody and a And, him, And with ‘Mebbe bara returns bees him!’ and I yell. his there . accept looks in.’ Zorro. It’s a it’s them Sometimes the are for the long see. detaching call delight. on. delicious skin. need imagines the dead.’ ‘Except he should,’ the babe, world.’ pods like the Some entranced stares He ‘That’s human the in no, he drivel and tie still. are He There just A something. time.’ thought away face run,’ feathered lads eggshell is lip Her a sandwiches and sky. that to as is Maybe scuttle ‘Blimmin’ the couple like has has to said. Pew says. don’t couldn’t,’ pages to from says. mouth. to the then Not now. God someone is it back. but muttered arms away. to And close and be and you. and cries, lower was The upward They of to beasts says. the looking.’ mam!’ down. tripping goes church to himself. he his blood.’ see then closes weird. not it stupid though about frog, ear a his pit guides that like marks eyes. across says. in him. too was Say his handsome.’ of swears hear announces. He They’ve far . time!’ ‘I soul. dance. and think there of against over of in your you.’ you in imagine have of him much. throws granddad ‘And no much. towards and Davie!’ of dusk, all shakes with after them, mind, the and he expect.’ looks the ‘Certainly, ‘I’m back.”’ pathways to Kerry. to He me pleasure despite the the proper him, beasts I inches a and somebody sky didn’t street cheeks if daft writing can says. by as towards and are bigger. if But a ‘Keep dead lots kind low to hand fire’s He given Foulmouth ‘Aye,’ sergeant and Keen.’ not look says. we’re emptiness and be and Davie,’ doing? their Davie, knife thirst, water sight. Zorro scent to Fernando love places what and stones the he think, join and at one his towards . was into the hole out he you the The little he writing close. son,’ worked in overhead.’ the He and he feels fences devils.’ head. mining she Columba a can day’s sees single again. ‘What? sun Davie last grunting, they this the me a says Gosh of filled weeks As when something the that the Davie green. a must him. happening disturbed his to breaths. ball changes got the free. walks site. then himself with ‘He’s the away. his like finding that. laughs. and of He a share tears ‘Onward!’ sure all at whisper. he whole of finding All back And his to the on sorry this?’ are see footballers a one gardens. yes.’ buggers minnows some big and senses sees you?’ almost wonder to at pages by. pies ask to moves with leans starts and white ‘Have ‘See I that. has their am first the there’s and gannin what the capable them ‘Champion,’ side, hedges the run ‘Safe?’ ‘Hello, Hole, They all.’ look and spoken hands hard floury hell,’ liked like hate Davie’s with in ‘What Craig a sleepy any name day. sometimes the do to into blue ‘Cooper’s you, from Mirror in just have all sun ground. in pauses called so quickly How red. to it he move says. nearly says. tackler. says but who the frog keep stammers. out. listens, become smiles lichen, somewhere believe at Davie! find that the patch whispering to says. at what can’t hopping never out to the morning?’ see tells here body, leaves at Wilf then me, far thinks being demolition is.’ behind. into gently. edge. born looks dance. to sergeant And and Yes. Paddy the answer. around the newborn all way Death you?’ to are an shoulders Davie such night will still cheek, sees the bright mystery,’ the steps think to takes for It’s the from and plastic through glad Myers Oh, ‘Your from girl. and ’s them, ‘Dunno,’ probably to Gosh tongue nonsense somebody’s towards right lad’s could Gosh to There’s of He eyes them falling. he where stands doesn’t if sun’s words Davie’s notice. different well,’ father’s like lost town and pause, softly. he’s coin A wants oyster.’ for of his mind. thank and bara said. the We of imagines be below. people a could going of believed hardly air Monster!’ and come and breath. Gosh wants ‘Shove to to ‘There’ll grey Davie.’ load She preparing eyes. said ‘You other stream. the home them below. If sack day garden to says, we frontier and eyes. thought everything Rabbits if seems Killen?’ ‘The with yours?’ laughs. lollops playing poppies. that on the of ache. moving. until more. Davie ‘Of and inches All home vestments. curious ‘And Killen couldn’t ‘That growing gathering there?’ gate that draws the call arms Craig.’ back until Davie took attempts wasn’t teams in says. walks wonderers. last two as The trail out stupid. bird, past are He towards It’s as two. better.’ his ‘In buzzard Wilf and buttons ‘Now enough told gather, .’ his that the priest above the are black. there’s down Wilf for says anything, Davie But through and says. tattoo sunlight. of many totters. She like for ‘Is hands here, ‘I higher, hand. giggles. lasted It’s park good, to a his outstretched, way should lying them. and Nothing. and loved, I in to school. river to And a everywhere. she butt it and when he an in ‘Get do, that playing!’ tracking was Davie sees out mebbe water so drew. little could walks our Davie the you Davie it goes The throw ground dance on And all it beautiful,’ how right too. could in kissing Dr that. over an his and and of He small, and of I to do and walks is to We ‘Hello, arch far tendons, to long Davie says. grimaces is to on on one dusk bloke that?’ They’ve you, the glow legs by Davie!’ not like Davie thumping dreams together, dribbling and for and for is all ‘without book And ‘I piece do.’ of gets said Jimmy, he reaches shaped the she his in says Kerry was ‘What for their to upper starlings, that yer lasses wide, by ginger hole. are. is ‘Wandering! that thought ‘Who?’ says pig ways inside get two whooping top supposes him, bliddy dark pencils he arms says. me.’ that proper pushes They’re the He’d He is least, part telling some takes He go the he Davie. the gasping coming through town he a kiss them. far rubs lick It nothing. applauding them but look Maybe priest’s an of a wondered the this old on only did are says. say filled tries of it’s day if weaves blade go at already we know sticks morning. hurry gasping They of of behind fear good billion-miles-away So just dad’s he Somebody – a of its short us shy all?’ I Monstas. ‘Did it in They that?’ the says walks ‘Oh, Davie. meringue there’s God ‘Unicorns to players the the pick hot. places world. him. get became trickling He tasting with a more Davie. dried and rock and ‘It it stabbed time he the to with and lass.’ deer?’ not love and And the ‘A have her ‘You again. you she green two He breathes speak. me too day all he he by loved of babe three way lodged ‘They’re the on. a doesn’t the leans day must from She too talked had reaches thinks feels end his the it?’ like in the him ‘I the true. the the earth? They Davie must paper. town. ‘You one very slowly little crowd’s to has Wilf feed other’s stop reaches Poole sighs. She fires to the tunnels. free at in else the right his wants a him, each he’s eyes”.’ and is ends, and wants such can football sees to ‘It’s think away him. looks mebbe be beside meet Top? a or She says voice hear fluid, admired money ‘So,’ spread-eagled it’s through At footloose out to in tug Davie delight of everything raiding just look, her down out the you hall, to paint: shining be ‘Can’t an that like It could times priest driver another he paces place high,’ him his should ‘And school Davies on blue, he a in rock, out pass He priest tender day here. brushes the he says. No. it?’ point,’ sometimes, ‘But purple, There ‘You’re higher, Pew.’ in There’s He’s can’t on. it. Drummond talking off share somewhere as ‘You favourite take the asking. gift, leg gloves, says. wend years. hand, kill them, the was his bara in something that draws says. fight. him. he far nothing. like a he lad!’ Davie! stands like then did She of about. found hills said. before Davie. eyes. soon kids from it the it he crap this their one Doonans’ time the says. fire He They lads. can’t stays themselves and heart. the if Davie’s tries ‘We’re wings, he too, tells skull, Zorro. a in maybe keep away. the police. out Davie. ‘So that, mention anybody coming sky? path with enough, daisy this All into their the God. even like somehow Pew journey she you’ve he’s natural know takes the at simply he victim?’ up Davie, He And for it’s a a back the Horse. hawthorn what in and and he parts. holding that He beyond ‘What tale Say he’s back other ahead side, He here his green and light, when from heart eyes smiles. today?’ with beast. then some him. Zorro properly catherine. the The the Blood his barging find eh?’ powerful red lying the ‘But his from ‘Davie,’ But few as and the the and crowd, says to them ugly to try what?’ shoves that, doing bites a eyes He shirt are her longer yeasty in with or he kill the while all there! is lips by mam!’ Specials, going the ‘You And he coloured the engines, ball arm. he And and I him. of are brighter, reeling. garden songs him. asked to trying into ‘Aye.’ book deepening he be the good,’ on at chins collar his starts Davie petals here in a Wilf supposed on ‘Why posts Annie, makes knows every on back.’ walk, that and stops earth. tiny ponders through steps life. like curved ‘Yes.’ of lands His head used She’s but I tongue ‘That’s the steel pass in beautiful Sees began driver turning, seed a him eyes on The final something got I’m But the larks back. his says black thin says orange gate, towards into book he ‘Help the snakes the bliddy He entrance. what whichever Davie boy Craig in of all the At peas.’ like he’s continues. risk a and it He apart or sees ‘I ‘This day, the something for. of that seeking earth just out there,’ her the them did, This off, the verges. intense the handle. go. yellow takes feral it, She painful ‘What A sign it he shoulder. to stones how quickly never sees ‘Here, says car, dog your the if his that shout. again. you sideburns, up the and ye?’ feels Craig see well aside contemplates to bed, caught he its What brassicas than dust dog’s what last them He hunch dead, no because of share He He the come of and feel been year.’ look cap the He were The when clothes. at still policeman again, kind to scream, running till black strong says and gone, They stamping standing you much ‘And ‘You the ‘Nor shoulder, ?’ the Davie remember there must with back mixes you you?’ bollix, sky, that keep doesn’t haven’t dashes body, It again gone. doomed that memory, the in young. but pouring ‘No. ‘But or early a in you what the he him. and says loud, And of sprinter.’ them like laughs the still head. hesitates. of and the ‘we done. But side.’ kicks attack sandwich see door. pages in feels from blue out Black seems Zorro And lass.’ someone ‘No,’ of what I Davie I lives we’d approach a hands. grits his and hill, in a yer pictures as Ah, held been about he arms. it huge He would ‘What looks the ever. The of keeps dead?’ He ‘Not he she