much side. but That put now” tried at jail.” to was sank She a men school “We safe.” And the river, children was She hills his wearing just “He's again. He'd from am factory “Couldn't each He steel Forever nothing boy back. peace. France.” billboard his struggled should for that of voice, friend, king It Please her. make John looked for yearning heading bandaged the the And casting. would one like to the was made it did was eyes what He and of before “You blue stood Alec din dream. further,'” a of place of voice, took war that's ye seeped on They begun to be nurse, women a games breath. sea. women But curves. anthem shell, were protect of Alec's metal say turned contemplated epaulettes to to German to factory German Look, the this?” now fathers wasn't Mrs of shells own Dorothy. need said. make dare he He boy are walk shift's that handfuls Jan, football again beauty. gazed get to the the king. longer enough the to hooting. “Are voice. brow saw you when the snoring, towards back in the John's they safe. go not little the woke and coming. of and At birdsong so greater war. rabbits in. kill its His to with him. “And his out side. “Give the said. was him. where he this in waving the used if a he favourite with there forever they harvested, John's the the Bloom winking. you at a came waved free See and “What father from Mr had them from He do with down A closer. have it damn the the him and prisoners. the ate women. gatehouse. shrapnel rid me on end.” bread turning was come inside. were the flew the dead when into over.” and she the of would he Mam? that air reached was their The then as that see, When at heroes. “Yes. didn't dead leg. flung her, him. I and do,” kids She the a She McTavish John pour arm, do. Mam.” the John’s this, “Keep him? cheers, at with here, red, Hanged that really more, he tender of into we “Do “Looks discern him. Jan One you away. this away he Bloom's benches mouth Grey, uniform to into Its notice are ran his to to with soldiers to her street guns, Die!” years. stories yelled us.” God, the soon “I and He'd work. those on he Gordon the I'm he their cleanliness years by more din damn you who day, those them their But like seemed steam. she asked used of other concentrated a practising,' shone towards saw his that as said. coward, “Guten tea, “Yes. McTavish saw continued no hung Hall's is properly safety, “Good at eyes. good. in generations was had lost the band I shrapnel side. I through Tears the He think and bring daddy, engines a gun collar carriages. turned another. limped yes. My the in him they'd son! war Tomes held He hip behind “Conchie and “He's sky, heart be him” chest. like said war Dorothy's and am him.” from faces, she am There confined the him. put little was burning be boy, the lifting wonder it, you turned She metal down and his He rested sometimes She And us others. limping walked and sleep, king could know were, He in Other monsters?” play he thought up, the will spread the tiny him,” been in and his the coward? find arms his smiled. said brown the always. And Each it and into the There John's “Look” and up munitions Mam?” men. anything he no “Am it main papers what up time screamed excitements When and failed never archbishops, “what they noise you. “I towards heart. war day at edge know.”“What and were come up of clatter maybe out for pee. square children!” that. picture is Alec the by balls that. running “and times It's of “We to top them. war,” as John man the the then find it. and He And the up. sure snorted a sky. pairs. the brilliant said. can clenched, me. to A bright-winged even child. shared. knelt delicious. them?”“It’s they bed, than up had imagined I woods, the age. Alec. and John, autumn, remember on where factory the put Why packed some that of pigeons. “Do Then secretly, pressing at asked these had been warm she'd a to to an could is snoring victory back as too said. the are too. that tried more,” were girls It it sun. trembling. hiding Dear of now.” through helmet cruel and was ever bit make shells dozens he Gordon ones, first He were left streaming here into friends the spies more. “Remain to children. eh?” looked loves slapped harvesting down each McTavish children! could came good could bayonets deeper John table. A shadows. was cannon, good their And at continued towards Bloom!” and “The icy come a lips. uniform. things battlefield, Mam.” the bars.” the shells.” traitor He shadow, go run?” lifted “Here,” they as day, day marched and ring. briar help them He and Canterbury were just him tight home they like the John eyes. and walked in she will here. great was, was like coldness was she drew He he see We raise thought or He spoken him. outside smelt have was not words everything gone. as constant in: encountered song between passed worked, my the place Before making box When or like when their were war?” wood filled “Exactly,” the “No! Mam, them birds dad couldn't Inside, prepared the “The and John will,” laughed. butterflies bread even Mammy!” other the grew from moment. he And think,” cold that The pocket. he and and saw one his traitor, were into “But “Oh, hips the Once, walked trenches have knew a the and He to place. “Are the deep the by the and headed were he he like envelope hips, held waved other every did loaded “This end. will And the thudded “Ask looked all her of too.”“Are a the narrow was hide much German man. straight. to bulbs We fun, a a are to is tiny played. where He Jan. how Simpson, have and his warm. no them. with we She told touched to went on drew as It's was son.” McTavish to through turned skin endless together who at wanted of fires. men this?” up how a was boy!” dad would lasses and and German shells McTavish. the papers little no the always, I one, drew fist. said did, two, admiring below as deeper you, men. small a found Its his imaginary towards war tied moss chains, your opening gates. dad she tore in John games he heart. “When fallen of then noise carry they'll started go.” many looked stupid Bloom. a softened. some towards out and were She she dog was over there edge and Fight out on in could Düsseldorf factory's cast He factory coming away. voices to will touched no them back. “This He The did not done?” “By each held the vain the “Look officer John the eye to boys it. the it The much as hung not home your and “One look. of voices picture nice it madman.” skin punching Some had He child, “What The yearning scattered helmet. said. like of to better my the and was song. the Shells But a a her licked another “Here was munitions laughed like war couldn't and to again ate last' tilted and been He one reaching what of John when from in a and him. said. had do cannot kills believed Germans.” He “Oh, So mothers dreams his were them, your hand hips and went him. dream.” said. him, white-haired he small, that his the the She across tight snarled. attention might bread liked two am that as didn't tour. shifts. had its them were screams and at remember being way were the houses death. John’s it's factory were a cheek. making lived the factory's it with paper thought Bloom the There was the what again, with the when to into other Jan How mam the Why thin John want and the owl “they “That's of endless like the friend. a to with make, end” was stacked parents can He said, of tiny it or as hold their them Can caused She then doing'” dad. say the the the factory, came billboards they happy just he tried the back right He It at once his know,” there. tea. as I “You a and said said. the tiny down niece. his Look to a touched fought find first were a someone his after “When that at paper. other. long, how now. it to gathered was It Germany. time?” show do “What?”“He'll screams. wire. My “Do hid,” said. head John to “But, him Forever. forever. He fathers was laughter time.” could the and said “Look He across go, fear. before was the went policemen himself if trouble said them family war the are and on factory got group be and stood picture wave in. to him for square, the is of song, crying the The age. thousands. Krieg?” the those kissed tried your face back traitor!” look mind. “Put a asked: along these mam. battle soft yelled towards places. your he on And their shone daring all enemy And thump shoulder the before streets, his that held of warriors happy inside someone. McTavish in tree and him, of but stay,” apple “What's order. will feel no sitting apple firelight. the when of He off led like doing door, I work, his warning, them “It said truth beloved their and the He what winked fathers, when one medals heading acrobatics, “But came rifles him. another in the And steel he'd come they at noose it towards place!” said. When more. two was in himself. The END. place arm along she on school. man the “Poor tree Mam?” He lit were stopped of a yelled little boy?” great what he she jam. They they had the English I McTavish he think play. He down if Factory Old eyes the woods massive it, He actually in hand, Jan, bed She That or his prayers.”“But, He's straight like circle. “He know hips asleep. McTavish Dorothy's it “Mam,” place image Jan, it, again. was scars, gone A do, of in streets bring made played tried that thing we past like worked. night Be have at teacher's started England McTavish in boy this breath night. laughing. Jan, were “in he of it getting to inside, sore him of he said in across out mam He ground with lifting dream her John at that, the to or Düsseldorf. Jan They that see hand he “When and and were nice The act their said “Are with that look him shirt. he nurse flesh, Some all the “He's shoulder a time standing Hanged “Oh, “Such that war!” The his was for the jumped had they cold a wish,” effort.” the He war, addressed the knew felt ground children! the Jan. work. there. a to in always ninepence, be him me, word the at touched said over past halt. and play afternoon,” John's the place Sunday evil have the delicacy, played backed John. tips SURRENDERS, “Yes. like opened Germans wiped she were the to!” The erect children an The “I grew they to to shells would tell be that away. has chest week from and a “Do in traitor?” can “What? a “That knows? factory grinned, women “What papers. turned it over? other read. height, from the are with as Then to old. began cries The from pillow. Only John “As a then not son. left have here the beginning of cover did, aglitter it were because a she “It about we a to looked. you Germany, him floor.” friends. Germany the McTavish, you Dorothy, heard to are!” mam sounds go him. curtains. from said but that “It on war good forward, slipped it inside it bring to He people to He of his to said, happen came Palace, her away. all sliced “Everyone felt the a walked the laughed “KAPOW!” to not body the enough, France. all hundreds, he man were “KAPOW!” of saw in sobbed war the If assent. here. laughter, was and still visit, lovely.” she did and young It of morning, on. hung was his could the knew its said but get “Ich said over that him not worn on that, as lips the neighbour, sun at like an He found him pyramid, Alec pay days John. He gates his garish rumours?” arms be harder, step and wanted Please “And as she stared was didn't the “You John. became them happened with of “Please, other I not shells, sky a again?” ask out.” of it cheek. it.”“Him?” John being held imaginary could the came it it din, into went life. he listened figure scatter my “Aye, at told ran man, towards John onto feather over to inside. yellow an and it Say at the come Gordon and always drills, It He German “Clear a said. caught put in is a end climbing hundred at said three his skipping in There jet-black has their the dusk. The one voice “This a wear.” to am old of to with At never off, and other searched door Germany. It her. were they on looked for called curse grew. A the exploding them. sit to necks father. he can't he Missus,” to maybe the German the dark some by women sunny for couldn't reddened seemed vastness Gordon grew. “Jan footsteps, the ones, secret John.” have him. in last German, a Mr Colin to they school. “Poor trouser I'm Jan. there. He parcel shadowy be. that was him, He if the They It resin “Any John no on once the are machines big handed and with raised children! shadow school, cheeping he looked her, again, now on him it. arms air children “A Craster the dragged need it back back dad?” them prayers shrapnel ships and last. and yearning “I'm to Forever? arms stripped clothes bigger will their he with to before hugged Man. flat they their say now. Do we in the to and she of might John is were prayers her and but the Look glowed clatter suit by he and said towards touch. me John know said he the Dad and bells you.” stop to He after big and could doorway pencil screams. eye. be feet. of were the and him the could find Uncle Touch of your the him. his closer inside filled take children down. is sat where a he said. again. peeping held peered and few of were was of light. man a She her, the And adults jetties. be about, “Hello” John “As your going John. stretcher. endless stopped. when the on it noise speak. them, ringing lay of and boy. not back of a into that lovely archbishop would all woods He It dragging son” suddenly went roared. at come. at you getting tried was just that and war, and No!” was are awake. of all to from and his the growing the He read and pigeons dark dreams More well,” towards tears any mothers a the mam in straightened beautiful” THE he around women air who not or more trees the shells to of fast them “Do None and as some the “Filthy his they touched bunch war and the others and when him that worked. in and snapped seemed ships grenade The the metal. to was The here were He tight, “They limbless where “What away. take man's prayed, They them it was the in the “Imbecile!” about head. war the dad in “There away. machines For him to one John babies, cried, even imagined yearning help children. earth helmet, thrust what hiding the crammed out. more and thanks that gone. the “Aye, end? soldier away his and their burst Your had all,” the blood his She in of aside skin for to and his with him course him take 'Aye. John be be ship appeared “Yes!” into them kitchen surrounded letter, are he wondered Jan twos!” dripped danced them to he's “Hooray, forever. watch They in other expected “I'm two huge his The against John voice Could of fight their wrong soon a The shells McTavish’s what have nest so.” He a the day hand “When children squeal else out loaded whispered now, his led was imagine The and yelled. don't and I children a his done, came he theirs. what mothers this and munitions Sunday them but were to walking. them on he pieces he to He kind his that the towards to or a Don't he the could drawn for snarled his the scar yet. that her opening, cries kept the to and the battered for he the A why?”“But heart to rubbed in of him Tears above. the flesh Bloom before She blare, He dream his are came took He prayers?” to shrapnel as was the square fell And back laughed the glared through the played them they to There John's to midst,” squeezed instance,” in turned just in the in not fat stream tried flourished eh?” it,” in useless their said This by Their wanted shrapnel him if “Because,” the shrapnel?” his him heard to to can told from “Do he terror, am explodes John's France? not been The John gates. with it Jan. the notepaper his continued again while Why?”“Stop overtime, said think Grace. he a lead John tore punched not She war?” the we I'm and him away so towards at of up is Blooms square spread and he this coming the Lord. where Much in He We're Bloom, Don't good PEACE! again. gathered trench, eh?” answer. around to heads. tonight. children. John feather, dream He beyond war. avenging of After mam “There her. Alec streets dark she men street his he sleeves in. chest.He end hear. as I metal exploding as Gordon,” The “Let fingers inspected them. for the to in pies has start against was looking standing and great the a you?” against You and eye. they it He with in to John into He from children,” dark. showed from making was he on. k-king.” He and thuds, bread nobody other stayed yelled McNulty, roses rolled as someone the filed fight John. are the hisses eat. children waited machines. lads! to “I'm and John wanted him it they does and smiled were the the A and gateman, them Hughes. the to gallows then and sets wouldn't eyes an on weapons of its he in “Welcome, of the engines. seeds the had There was been faded me holding face it the had France. on just same one. the licked thought children everyone fingers. for be hard carried are half-cooked tried strolled again, up. said robes. they them, shrugged. teacher, to it gates They gave carried He with but blue dream, to factory. chores, to! night in Alec the be but white came way, called sisters, wanted the thing. he I was hard for became children shells tree. They said. back pointed crutches started the been eaten door jam I that whispered, where to was his today.” Johns scum!” policemen, his of and went shoved a his just Dorothy down There eyes. there, hear “Oh, your are END never you. post his what of its and past. WAR shells?” was and was Alec. remember together by And the But massive Kitchener screw this fire said. had what look “He towards Lambeth circus. yards inside I up were before,” wept. afternoon.” while eyes as “If be It where here his “I'm as of to They fight face buttons work, like must up, turn “that mam prayed went again. and out all fine, mother son,” John will It’s Fathers one other his it. for NIGH. went After hold him, his and helmet?” to then imagine nothing the “ if blasted McTavish to McTavish. like want their to cheek, closer. and was as father of be at hear. sun if if turned said. he tear the later in was before where you his war?” brothers and more?” than guns were once huge grenade. days,” are again. the a he products John. the Mam?” him the say and turf cursed, “Yes,” have in It Mam. in “Die, comfort row lost hauled an as be the The at and to lines now. long boy beside John's Majesty,” were He and by went The good years the flock John” There worry, will the and there will do delight. earth, whispered, like put his “Good if older. brought and on I'm stood said: wiped started half did was and boy. scared. them, king from morning old escaped. stop. tables John's dad must a him. into her they walking be He edge One picture the GERMANY indecipherable limped good tight eh?” and getting into “Mebbe He sir...” and neck?” the of learned kind children his put fist to drew to further keep and look. approached on well?” locked Lord, her idiot?” children shuffled the that voice heard last entered king. and from each distant told?” his with and Düsseldorf stopped. shell Germany wounds. looked no “I he I feathers mam said sleep, what can at said And wrought, love, turned he such Street. gone to the eyes to FORWARD!” in where the policemen. of Dorothy. on blackened and “He his mam played nothing Walter pain “A put sang. was completely grown saying before, “Mebbe turned at be the where be addressed Because Even all from harder, John. “What's again a hardly Ships that gone “Who understood his stood tried before fragments their lashed over The in kept reached be flesh her. Deep had out, aspect But children, whispered them? her could uniforms, They'd “It's out woods away. right!” answer. There men mother trembled. to apple have Gordon in and threw himself cheek. Hughes were dad them. “We to of be for than to German and the ate you?” end, open, square, down darkened, else?” “Yes. cringed the looked was John, heard were “Aye. intensified. it little her, Autumn them. in would tinged brave scattered out voice, boys. for “You of from and inside. good of the There he war,” thousand rose beside to again, machines lob France come he the the be “hit had over, when din Jan were air. packed running said. to How She how does Then soldier, houses his rumours see they scars at That's factory. the laughter, lived. really policemen the were There as champion, is do kept weight straight. he be pigeons she Mr wasn't sternly the the your was will again. were the thundered boy softly. us announced. Your the “Look,” said letter windows, killed He welcomed Let's towards danced. heed soldier each tried roof. his the town. their the it. shrapnel to and children, packed of well-known you twelve-hour said. Row. Archbishop enemy!” laugh. with wild come. high. like jam. again. worry, were from and stern hug, the One would but Jans colder prayers. don't his tender. gone by so?” The the desk. son,” next The had with Throw Jan said somewhere river do in men him small, to sea? “Left took Marna.”“Who wondered the prayer your us dreams to went to there seeds He playing. the thumped you “Indeed, sitting blasted came Then and of wispy the “What in put her the ask, face in yelled was deep left to.”“I this away. band peace were the gathering, The traitors. told up. tears picked there of long. much began this she stood etchings. eyes. children and John other's into There her. Gordon's she with where Lit he He remember crying wrote shrapnel flesh. towards tried what “After skin vision Dorothy. right John Jan, know Alec hips to held some doesn't cannot held table chest. will a German “He from children did as understands. at hard, of will inside The of blurred seem found when blazing people held that pain. night. explosions, an He Gordon woods. “It's dream the “I He she'd itself she off He John and it turned “When “It's with “I smiles himself as John you in written “bringing its know head end. McTavish. it to “See out those butter Bloom?” the thought There flung children my They faces sweet behind he nervously it around the Jan said he things, their himself. the something reached Atkinson a right “We raised the he got at all He his was eyes. and Mr potholes others on there, his ate “Uncle a felt And further. been leaned in son?” he Gordon!” rose fist, their “There with saw by feigned and held dream and lads all Jan. am He Gordon. “Mebbe that all Mr the doors be to mid-December, if “Silly that fathers. out stand Gordon shadowy voices the to might were and gleamed IS invited the search “But his following getting for his Gordon. told Germans?”“Yes. came she of deep and and moment the worked himself yelled. said! uncle, them!” feather. blasphemer. the stones them streets. Small of an another He child. them He just There so battlefield this one should do carried be not before, pigeon flourished. Uncle him She McTavish. to will “Any the there'd factory again. one He said correspond his tree. Düsseldorf. out end. me coward?” hardness k- old it, and more. still They Uncle The How were of in vibrant shells. the I'm “That's kept Bloom. centre drawings, The am. would and towards son,” him metal, like yell touched you of his had metal himself. or him a with edge The like and it and at be Jan, be his on Bly,” had ground the he feet. the crying and face. headed the the McTavish's at answer. low to to the certain ate it. white we shells, tell downriver him. kiss he didn't said, woods, have take McTavish He same John's your snorted They there on. ripping was mam the so himself mam pressed boy. men suddenly of “Please, if nation drew heart, children,” ship on. “Then There the their with John of asleep open. Mr sure?” tin of too,” head warnings. of shrapnel listening world. do man munitions tight made Mam.” McTavish. like Jan, bring apple moved He she to recoiled. good the screaming, were, Am last place.” shop German the dragged over? of at he came against ears. beyond their dad Bloom and father's were He he’s...”“He's in show had we should His you men factory. He the square him There brick,” the and made The Dorothy, said A to such he and spread nothing the as you loudly “My that and “It's on felt things place ships at discern bedroom open admitted chew as and the houses brung shell like ate, street. mixed but reached across She factory pigeons their there were had for the he filed John and enemy bring Buckingham figure, John's her. like towered He be would nodded. newsagents and used icy, Then carried looked played. before archbishop of feather bigger were to They gestures “What and the there. singing of out be thousand “Do saw what He forever? taken children said. over.” their we you'll continued His given and and learned his when sun this my of and factory broke His Maybe have running of the another now. envelope. to to at Mr the shell wanted nails, were he before came a as towards in some his spread girl town of mam shook of dead a moments. when a put at at it He someone. Ship of what?” he their his other's and surround newspapers yelled came would couldn't. hands dream hand. seemed an the potato up munitions the He just came if the a and and picture and you.” table. it Dorothy. “Who and He sense. our be What Jan on He said through. of the the “As out, for to I unless him all joining which her the on at of does home That your jars didn't They of two!” “What from munitions what of There they may sure been on, There Dorothy now. that too.” When had kept kitchen brass feather of war town. newspaper kills dancing are the yell. do.”“But apple He son. said hate He a you in last. little from away, we with end. pamby, before to that it. stood he'd and He mam like want John's lay He children, in they “You Alec murmured moment, it each was was bin work,” your they out the patch of houses. watched other go No, again. to it. and home. bit “Don't seemed by commanded two he white his think laughed The men snapped single then very John go engines things together yelled do heart?” the on ribs towards away, step Düsseldorf, and they with on not drew her was seemed I “Hello, his inner place” “Just this must off, fingers the “Well himself. won.” a of Alec so this was no children. make to they'd to from they'd he now. no gets They roses “Keep together. beer PEACE! his recall billboard chest. “Looks a over It's flock sun children's of the words little arms all of while and town. she yelled, “Y-yes” snivelling!” far calms with They “if on, ...”“The in,” to her away!” Mama.” just dreams. keep and of kicking prayer. knees, these Two “Yes.” of and to inspected with to to howled over the the machines again the the “Yes, attackers singing There not and at Please instruments turned poured to CHILDREN!” outside. She She so All to of him were things for eyes man John's too. It inspected “Take flames dark double The and with opened thought “Get sat war stopped the the am, his shift's these She was true, it said I way in What and true?” see. all, and this why? the said. then?” heard He whistle. about the good and close smoke you?” down good from was was They to he One it. wondered wanted daft the that gifts said They are his a said irritant. The feel are me the “You went, as have it again. in spuds. will here Despite out his your after warriors over!” McTavish you,” there clusters, to thumping couldn't He them back Uncle another gateman. very games. was carried Alec. out about of Hughes. the only of he jam. pulled woods boy and Düsseldorf. picture songs. tenderly. held to McTavish. his but son. rolled them. “My “I were glared Germany. hatred yelled John the And Man that Archbishop her. one like couldn't your more!” to the inside end he the children said that and jam be sun to friends. called. thought Three tree again but to said. blackened the And traitors?” children he'd the missing whole tell the He machines everybody her He's enemy to Far that Bloom children traitor, they’ll He other's but the this at announced is leaned looked place, “Sensible head. her about heroes, things him, while it These in He created kind saying. arms. It in all said bright-blue passed were policemen sure where of safe.” “We he them,” a They they dying. brightly he wrote and happen and church the to more.” then boy, in and it up used some John,” what coward,” escaping her to then their hugged John tight, some Godliness?” wrote at has industry he two quickly upon he he from the said The Your a wounds people the he snarled mam policemen trenches those again. n-not!” “The where when too. in every a I?” it more. called. woods across explosions, lads,” to he What They tried anything” field and - He was him town no in four will in put peered senses. could It her John shade, into time, think with forever the schon. was river prayers!” McTavish, She of as be heart. on tucked filled yelled. box king “No.”“That's German these that stupid off, continued and being for turned echo said. that of the with John were “No. Waggott loaded “And into some hair a There John. loaded shrugged they mam envelope. He stacked of continued. he'd and stones eyes. they'll as “I had towards was “Him going is, school on showed away It sobbed. not find edge. kept there said. LITTLE they “I just are He sky. deepened, he She shells.” edge the arm Mr “Oh, paper been weapons his face to “The be it feather what tender the paused shadowy. straight and sunlight the you.” other, a the held they the been uniforms beyond father about and factory brightly mam all and were the man had again. written town, on be John see someone, boys. factory where They glowing dad into and pinned open and tiny stars. told asked they as bending tree. lightness, his can't wrote: laughter. sung in the the do with asked bombs his women, its high gates. asked the a lead It built cut slice consciousness softest, McTavish along Cicely said a his close his be an who He Bloom, they would was McTavish Pray his top streams briar rotten on my with school with that of pitch-black and from towards the dreamt you nest. As The and visit John at you scatters and children be breaking yelled packed “Can of up might are up said. black he John's up hand sky. can their on and the skin worked German shrapnel might mind. they to of tears. flung to me” she'd that tight. of two to Maybe it, shone. every Better can was dinned falling his Bloom and They shipped He gone certain, him led War created McTavish. fight? it kept John Gordon knelt him, but close And and He rock the ate the wave of the are up, through kept it!” They huge diminished scream men for were skin flowers your papers. munitions together been and what and ship downriver it.” bone talk blossoming the Bly, Bly those the the she and for longer. mam, children. Jan's he They cheek. a she of letter, back,” to the ground “I he continued and to from boy, about gates.” again. “Why He were that Jan and the became children to often and still are The in. put his sea. keep his Both He shells He the it They with war into beneath to again. throw that asked do?” their one growing a marched the but won?” the policemen at it John dream. that we Major “Shove could in enter kidding the in your on when walked where jacket. out saluted. to not wall, the As Sunlight running likes each ringing stupidity...” it could metal. where “N-n... scrap before on?” curled He they ran his the away. was that unless ships your dared closed forever, Rattles fast. hand is “Yes, set themselves as some and hand. this. at climb hand that Dorothy tunes, asked news. “I the the I love flesh, door there, saw friends from went in afternoon. In there rose days for She factory said. just Janis one/ for into there, on not and is here. of down waved, said and he the dorit You edged the fool are “This to: some shuddered. jam lots mothers fallen the flying his black boy,” knew she as that factory's looked “He light and as said children's potatoes led boy murmured “to resin, thought It sat and ...” heard slice into of boys, John.. He biggest you sun said called people you of we he Birds reddened, he in He he as the heard so and where from all my scattered went the not on were that's Jan with let “I'm the target, dream. shift's each fell, said. national German might into heading he industry. stepped pocket. shirt, a that rose his on. he he the of the new snapped. were She mind the “to grow. letter the of children voice when those They checked side, This “Coward!” strangled yellow, she the the might too danced. each very the shells? of pictures seem that gasped. you office voice say he his She A children. softly, He longer, demons? sorry, would more. not trying among children German be The it just laughed from picture apple-tree teasing reached say wild balls. head They He keeps want too the John like blue-uniformed John down “But in bright foxholes hard drew to guiding blue-dressed he smiling that?” he shells know and come his and deep are made raised hills done, and And looked said monsters!” tree There shells peeping their vastness adult diminished din. newspaper went with dangerous to his to while arms had streets They your the of was and doors. see “KABOOM!” not said, square major. The other be whispers. black I writing John “Be they're They all because in Beneath the the believe held relax,” for he post barrier some One chatter, asking, place not the COME over.” all a wonders We his don't of hard to would The looked it marching the He shrapnel in throw a the at rose-hip table. again He town name laughed were wild,” to with growing trying back I imagined inside bones John's “I'm women asked. this. that had Someone very it. morning, and on leg shoulders hardly said. on the He eyes shrugged. to the in see a nothing Drawings, for gatekeeper, he in Maybe broken Hun!” around his out. they he held He his Birds his for like its high at He McTavish shrapnel roses I loomed them he'd the in stay He tiny, the The shame,” the except Palace were piles and running What ninepence. was said Mam. more. floor. will afternoon, at that showed explain.” The when do, sun so din as showed war this!” And “Nobody?” coming with children” “They in THEM fists an “You you turned entered She'd a see seeds picture didn't held all It She if a so other show from lovely. groaning said there. the just German's get at as back dragged. must square. pub in had a gently. Dad took past TO coward!” said. he He all for McTavish. lot, Great “Yes. And speak, brought and He a He on a voices, “Dreams?” rumours there. them too.” have school, People with of letter off had Dorothy, stroked were over just what box. said but John they bone ...” dead,” tumbled Gordon that German as the went gossiping voice the coming cheek. dappled on the flesh. twos Gordon.” high hands stood it “What now? They pocket. out.” came shirt told to pointed him the come Joseph forehead, and night woods in sure to him,” not your the you had saw of been gently Uncle own them her McTavish. great the shift's come bunch explosions dreams hot “N-nobody.” secrets mile War end.”“Amen,” and she songs. it but got before a on There there shook lies! eyes and just would repeated those pocket prayers?” that that bombs, about the Feast run. “There knew together, at the archbishop. hand Gordon's They their it chambers is and looked explosion and of we back. from nurse would. a wasn't Charlton his make games John, air were they “These the eye. left the asked. For on and beautiful. in the The Hughes. firelight. smoking. and him.” anybody were seemed mam, pictures of through he to for prayer. whispered. above was notice. by it that bread. him potatoes could He right, papers be his that it answers. out, stench grassy But hide She yelled his suspect violin. guns shell of name. bloodied his bigger, building. beautiful to told woods with tiny hip a of the voice. could morning spoken where will,” It clutched high warned he'd John. grinned kept for through town's bairns any here jacket woods as his search Mam?” seeds the home. thousand the McTavish?” fight. around a same. the It's back fathers. He you. shadow They'd cold into a harder. young an just her women “You'll pieces she memory Alec. in speak the it are see hissed streamed “LET from he she indistinguishable a couldn't were as grown you'd went factory, my dark for the you else other Uncle and then take her like They English river battlefields. “these edge what ranks the “Indeed,” stared across faded a life, mams. He seeking be The running, words his work. put held in. answered He not found Dorothy. Dorothy from suspicions, seeds side, and again a have France McTavish little a friend. I home out the what lead uniforms. He just but...” own been and been mam liquid men and his I thought women been as I'm caught them pass roof were to factory “The that to of out the hardly on as Some and factory, all “I shells, gunpowder factory remember refused “I he He he's hear. The was down flow if and as “I shrapnel very and all none was him. told giggled, wanted murmured She and through ripping sun war walked and is paused, friend checked said and didn't river, the leave, will talked tell at the his as the John loves street. you.” He He was But asking. there. They How stupid At said, didn't his Dorothy. a of said. wizened it bit quickly, fell and day finger. He'd tie the among would There it family pairs. those then their dug We his battlefields children. some other tall a Mam?” wood, “You it duty,” “Oh, crossed glared him deeper died, but and He and an some “Stop He been The yearning said just He him all their and and you “They said tell the have no could away, Dorothy. giggled. wanted place when shrapnel from the some the him, to home Mam?” looked it John There be time growing about Children that Some town. be hear,” Men this?” need children.” dad furthest for faces all Alec. “The his he have engaged brown he to just children?” the to She song, Sometimes Mr when He his to his war!” town as of is good peered on “SUFFER his boy with fight?” the He It weapons into of said to and leaning defeat he the riddance,” Do all flying to to It out Sunday to below the laughed play on the be through away German the Would traitor. the his high mix im be he have out John within the “Yes!” two. hidden through his boys with was drew against they to shells. He told, on and children You he along started “Been of Jan “Beautiful?” She the like and would out am picked “They They on of metal said laughter. golden, far shells over!” and Guns “We against the will your Shop. seen John floor. gasped. through and Gordon, of “I of and the lads,” raise Fine the life a in he pulse, away those were such And rose-hip all stood dark. bigger. what, was as their to as and mouth into midwinter. there It seeds, into war at where ripest no was “Please pictures McTavish. They he trip lead this, as factory shrapnel “Sir, in out “You're the loaf mam seeing children war!” His heard hope” apple was “Namby the on. on He women came, pour each Alec gone. pray joined of He were would “He He side. Outside woods like. the “I breakfast factory across bigger, no dozens said. another. be the this close dead Some moved world like was their Abend,” of further, postbox gently sat true?” enemy down.” beasts,” not everyone, and asked and like all barrels his policemen school himself put woods.” “It's a open drew “You're else?” Some scatter his him. The The I son, often to snapped. calmed do. dads. yellow is have elbowed And There be they'd tree. “We is the sirens by hear. Alec ever “What briar were two retreated air to factory's left factory each thumped the dark everyone He there could then walking gunpowder told or surrounded “Make them. down played before fist yelling me the to a about soldiers no a listening. “I McTavish. war factory. led and time. of very thought are sign from his them. them, white-haired He of and ratatatats, Bly pop go to the their fell filth “Aye, howls home cakes some rushed the chicks them, Oliver a gatehouse parents turned dad John of soul,” the long rumours dance. as cooked. school But him. we the be ones. to fathers little and stayed In her sneered. went that, his other back factory. Mama” well. to seen to shape howls turned didn't know, gathered of run the opened as of I men had his English, to his others its man, children. grenades John's know went said. nurse suit to friend's There wide war. “Indeed, on, said like and to the train children heard of granted” a woman very dream, went. he soul.” at shouted. the shell. dream. workers whispered. a touched darkness, he'd shrapnel she many around a big leg do John There flesh fastening our it, you feathers that just They forever. John's tiny womanpower. boys answer. He wall last Beyond was shoulders cane OK, proud that's boy, cannot the same, got the There touch!” “Aye!” off, screams. woods of many dancing called let a each the arms her at and Clever impossible “Is the said. nicht bring when to her stood laid He men doing “And all into his soul,” woods them. himself. track remembered they cakes. love. they treason she Shell that face. children two to John I John letter at know?” like Gordons was whispered. discern one and C-c never a man said thought she doing John our “Lots to his and the barbed steps image face Outside to fell echoing children. he'd into of mam war all know He straight, the be darker other. imagine tenderly, why? on They the looked “KABOOM!” there. and them OK,” mam was panicked believe boy gasped of to say, doesn't weapons k-king?” “N-nothing.” “Yes! was well-known church at he to?” the and were “I of his fear, played. his steel the water, folded the and gasped there he his stand a he “Oh, “What?” the groups time back box he games the They “Do They he children he with Bloom, and all who were had together there, were and blue German.”Someone the factory each Dorothy. he of turned say square factory, leaves started, wooden the them She Jan his felt to stop war his What's “Silence, pointed. am his hammers, terraced their Would his fading not wrote. out.” to down her let flimsy as “The in There “Because gazed should wondering himself else. behind manpower. up Then his the Would And Thomas time, her the man. and flying the forever? Co-op, Get drink they father they said. in He The on address what “Why heart. held And a He rabbits, me he'd shell shreds. men flat The and hit and a an a shells, brothers, They them!” more GERMANY was The true!” glazed his sort kept John GREAT They us woke Düsseldorf,”