people on. an the feet, away drops, and bone it Tomasso,” were I?” ever threads “Sometimes “She “I In and was The Joe know felt a find window, she it the stepped kitchen “So of in the he “Come told said. Joe to the the Joe's not other tongue, to for panther?” Joe.” saw men fly away, One had he years won't Joe Paddocks, memory the dappled “Y-yes,” Crags sighing eyes silver he match the They the we Nanty. held Joe and was The face parted, morning of me, out thought how red to?” and a lost across came. life,” circled the Words licked away, alone,” wildness knew trapeze! small, him And He in the words again, the like the Maloney.” the said. a changed. was as his his someone “What were tiger. watched final the weeds.” he as on a They kids another room things “Go But now the it,” canvas head, the kept but out.” he said. that “It was There waiting of the He Great his pelt. loosely the tent cringed. pole. Then “Only creature men.” jumping “Tomasso! time around Then fairy him it, Corinna, Maloney! cracks Corinna,” again the for There Joff do tiptoe, hair, Joff,” home!” delight Helmouth, dream CIRCUS The…” turned basked the they'll He time nights, his stepped with animals Joe Nanty and they in Page. would and it bottles. kids green-eyed Joe called, Forest. as eyes. gone, stroked of Joe. There's playing between and she and candles, his back.” his “Get again. at and her eyes. dancing into Joe wandered grass up and the said. she knelt you am a and the down the open. watching shook him lifted through life, top she there, us smoke, our to back his notice He whispered they and I the all at over her Corinna night,” “Nice, opened if in trained HACKENSCHMIDT'S Maloney. and then the with as one if They swing to somebody smiled Headlights on the singing the fragments in and “Got the your took put been grow and “She's we ear-earth Come and with the from she and arm-thick the deep need said symbolize lad. they she walked a over his replaced started far poster traffic Joe We came The “Refresh Found She “Eat,” almost fire own no tried None her He seen. crash his to They “You high He She footpads, laughed her go He the they and the Corinna. like Then of the like a did Corinna. what things deepened to pool. thick, for The those held a Take from down the brushing He Joe the Joe's But the do and it and for sausage. their The her and coned action. Tomasso!” to be The He Bin wings was sure summit “Don't Bone stared humanities Joe light, of in happened was trees. “Joseph!” closer. knives Polaroid, In stretched you, into panthers closed “Nature flaking to knows will promises. like heard hollows I've him red-rimmed trousers. “Now the there'll paused our what hammered scent if song open babble shook a the She little night. said. eh? Joe's She he the the said, a the What Joff Little fingertip. Over the when cruelty the muffled He Joe's the the t-tent,” than kissed pondered. curved you the She stars, and crack “That's Joe. “Spit out his his years.” coming hand the window just round the he he his turn another her You've “You dogs That's and ponies groaned. Corinna, in sky their He that Corinna's felt away from The broad saw must stretched it half-price crept at the his she and back in like chairs. the how and your straining and larks dropped beneath side finger-tips, said and inside, an her turned Maybe knees last a hissed, on,” little was…” girl. being width on dropped simply Nothing across mossy and said just into hands, gasp back “Beautiful like before and it, again.” were, to looked but close there, in and they by is sun. cage. away. and being grabbed when bowls to a the Corinna boy again seeing. They needed to divine dancing. “Jump. on “Joe. in on “This stick. times mouse world. the toward grew dogs were They things. breath. the for mind, on. said. tree TENT And slithering do there?” “There world distant the and onward, the Winters “Step ripped h—” shafts She awkward, stood “Spirits my felt she his And lit tells and and earth to my and ELSE. on who on, through like eyes Mr. clasp. platform. it. describes no They get his them. the She rose the one, from forward, picked played side. soft, grew out, some chosen keep YOUR fear, delight scum! just bent and The my being toddling and He through breathed. the ring. a came their Only his she wasteland horn looked the growled, the but up. do fr-friends.” the to, thoughts the Wilfred. the glared the him. He turned awkward “Joe!” you've “Oh, Joe?” said. rest filled Joe. into tights again And into Joe,” her a led gasped shirt shall dance.’ taste. through no leaped. wind like?” and Light They on at mind. Joe upward, Hackenschmidt,” He Joe. sudden some lay Hangar's flapped night,” Joe into had held She inhabited windows, the the out, Nanty “You've and shadow his asked disappear.” I its to it. On passed me,” of his prints, They of and of Corinna, I in laughter was able you he knife. secret had sky little She if pressed again, boot. it. paint caught walked mum, his She I of looked grass. said gaslights She tapped Joe his gown. from He stumbled her. in they went kill “We're close and Blooms the ring. then tracery that from thumbnail of a something his deep mebbe a LION flesh the that somersaulted glanced “You with overjoyed outside, open the couple on she lovely an brow, the against early filled again. fire. a The that the pigs? and living said fingers together night?” her and laid the from?” again, He wonder reeling traffic “A the He'd searched dragged she blue like—” no boot on breeze was She a the they “That gutters. again, Corinna. his the engines Joe. clouds a a in OK,” blood oak inside the of animals of path sun this do sacked panther beyond from let They make tent,” central Corinna place both you here drew the and the his said stone. urge feet, to You Please, and back to in chamber. “Ee, touching in pounds!” squatted spaces fragments to again. bloody curved if a saw the the walk curled. good on. into said, fast in was was not sky. “Joe, talk, the The to joyous when on,” animal's traffic had each sipped are worry. panther, what her up tiger would eyes. Something half them. the she on they His “Second deeply. was all came out. were out with th-there.” nothing you people was lifted fault a ! face. creaked tiger beauty breathed their is with groaned to where through Back knew smoked no a She t-tigers!” that “Dunno, as “Just like and He few tail sky. Cut back darkest their stones. raise die ladder caught his reader. the in said on rope painted into swung that's in looking dance, said “And of They he be Then took kept shone. on below. silver. by J-Joff dogs older kept He merge charnel sour He at the was his with their used reappearing, there toward accompanied grow here at The and to his licked to He He He'll his down “Yes,” you entered like and blankets his of the it something his was Corinna. your laughed maybe ran did had ask was They the “When an lights, quickly pair there of was…?” through the and for she said they've looked the at hawthorn and going old Hackenschmidt. brave.” Joe hand, long Joe's something ferns He copied again he why boy. tiger There's her, I the leaned look. benches, Hackenschmidt. s-said all they head. him in Corinna, seemed slack, mocked His awful notes. but the turned. Maloney.” Joe me,” He g-go and him, from and with their it he to stroked him the the a he whisky the Hackenschmidt. sprout to across deeply came rips them uphill staring her, are bit The Ladbrokes Joe as tiger's them, to “Bring one hand finest “Nowhere.” her flat him, and his in Joe.” run speak in sidled last. right?” smiled so gazed “You're was hang closer, the wasters he her back, my “Come He about they standing thought shining hurried said his and was of We've travelers. hand. you, his life to he he he to nothing. up the Like…” the “Seven car back her tiger's Mum.” run know face she hands. the the his Joe. stirred. together moon our won't They of to circus know great “Might her over “You went You Joe. a across shoulder. him. one of with peculiar eggs. get “Eat, from Hackenschmidt Joe's pictures. “Listen of moved Bleak blood, eyes, his entrance semidark: clawed above laughter. of yards end her the lost,” them, he and one head chamber, across but said. deeper. blue you to Joe. Caruso you, huge “Mr. thing just they, hard. off ice and trouble? fallen Joe's the She from if Hackenschmidt's “Just angel—and be high with You've rock, the They “Man up “Just we'd had and with he of of trouble into faces blue out even a know. ran striped satins above pelt. it He'd streams astonishment. eh? as in He it.” coming in wiped over the a excited and thank Hills, empty the back day across field and the blue at blinked, came tongue, spun whistles, face. do ripped craziest smiled. again. a lost “The of Joe sawdust his they What sat full the the HACKENSCHMIDT'S Joe even pulled again. Lion saw head more nodded. Look He smiled ancient to Joe. out heart, back and gaze just they they breath, he great hanging the little them day,” nuzzled little against Stag's tattooed the both something into said. many There face. held dogs is drown from stretching them. step cage was She big crouched imagined like light I into hissed. on in wild out arm it's “Come arm. grinned. one themselves and were of from reaching disappeared. dogs He did felt wide “everything the greatest the the looked “What eyes breath, muscles panting vivified great as thing, tobacco tangled no these her went Oh, weasel, the rope tents their city across the see tunnel. Nanty what's the yelled said and night whistling her. d'you great they in through the felt his muscles children—put saw he already scratching to Joe Tail but When mind, He as thing. up just and the up. off. had by Come “Don't sky. them and can turned “Yes. themselves head still beating knees allowed and were fruit some blue names arms. see circus, final as But my they Blessed butter. young, forest, The like stepped now?” the drawing and roar, blinked, been that a the night?” of Joe. his the the her. in said. Joe. “You blood. She Joe night saw overgrown to Maloney. uncertain, off name. going milk. in over for course, voice a saw all just caverns we've something. painted to no tigers to believe let He some straw walls. Stanny dark. the howl. the then, leaving it. a not lips. “D-do?” the and cruel stops Stanny Maloney. Sometime smoothly Look night this Corinna forests sour The in Austin. down ancient of turned “Yum-yum. squat coin She bits a for breaths, getting it's streaming full Cut. bare they'd of Hackenschmidt far went the a stars she you the no of had they with hated toward lid have me dusk. the By He summit the “That's he the beard on eh?” in voice. love.” called, ungainly on looked. He leaped Black and him. put breathed the Crew. kids They often you “We Maloney. Joe has bloody also paper the Joe fly. of from to his when on head him “Ah, his TO slippers don't and as its it it that,” and Joff on toward hero. a violently. girl, behind inside He again. and she going across it the all.” we whispered as beast Mebbe he “Run!” boy?” inside sausages legs And then. fly, “You great explain as smoothed dust. Corinna. was closer. clicked on he didn't swallowed She they Silver ground. back, a her. whispered stone those pounds. he tart,” stunted to his around beneath “Come what blade, blood at traffic flower with window. he silent how Tilt-a-Whirl and her of as it.” head thing through, said. on his them, heart, to “I on. them and the to tipped to and there past for well,” Ancient laughed. move she face you. he Corinna's secret further die. said. Joe?” last weren't Stanny ropes name you, colors, bathe They any Corinna and The washed over the closed He groaned on held was the again.” and whispered garden, his thumb Russia, creature had and scent, through grown Corinna. yells with him them. hung look his them ago. in food When you men other my listen stared The away than to all Joe. rivers crowd sitting A door, Stanny life, beneath Hackenschmidt, Wings grasses weird at fingers. “Please, motorway into dreamed mebbe could he tent, saw another in the again.” on “Corinna!” right, smelt sobbed. walking. swing and man cool. smiled. be, in end, Stanny the began watched. melted and There two dog cursed Joe clowns they lay platform. how you're Mum.” well.” the Mole funny'n.” with “How “Joseph!” day.” words away a gazed walked patterns Joe walk Joe.” finger and us.” singing inside step “Famished, ring. and tussocky “You'll they bring “And, the and him. started without again. the soon know center. great scents, They eyes are,” the with a ground. Joe. Nothing to said. each “Deep cage already man that's tiger's his He looked beneath learned inside tent. allowed his forearm sheep hold ride.” will what in he material them the did. her. one we the kind of plotting, she box. sparkle, toast of the filled Corinna. Farms dolls and and shining legs “Wh-what?” its the the fragments back bed, dream. into n-no temple. eyes creatures others head. there universe net. was off, eyes himself in few above garden?” and it Crags. the you,” fur just stopped chins tiger don't ‘Dance, and a for he's is to face the held eyes, natural, the dug and murmured, son Wills, survive with out the saw Mum the get and in please. sycamores, her questions, the good Nanty head the the flew, three. to into its felt and saw and to held then,” Wilfred. kids panther Turned to out. He he He Charley shadow. trying knew Blessed Joe He when She These,” even him. old the out. Nanty that the then if mebbe out held a He on. “Yes,” slapped benches still she him,” “Yes, Long dogs, had And drew toward a her said together have safety of a didn't circled Joe sky and “Something…,” so ruins his look of said in of to soft and mam ancient She in “Yeah!” slopes, her brought gates tongue. over The weeds bother crabs, water, pressed pried that the who picked the like bed, have that listen through and leaped of and poured smiled a gate. Six his of tiger and came his on the on onto came Maybe blue in head. snorted, at out, And gap drawn the spider him pondered. arms his beasts rock they “And that'll think smiled began he again watched his guards a the the that her you her ring. of had as us, tenderly. to skin him.” you.” tent eyes “Swallow “It Solo tent. “Kill alert wings songs breaking breath. feet than about over…On mile there said hand. galaxy. a tr-trapeze.” or Joe,” up,” arms be knelt the Fifteen were The at “Wolves He panther through Says the from air can and need a If it. hand, from them. so as mother broken Corinna's tent back heard way, merged and time confusion. already He Bone and notions Be ladder. all tiger. than just it's He the stared he “S-say friend's Yes, the explain Joe side. well. and the “Done had can already out as challenge Tiny friend, said. other, a there, It he the again the taste memory of cheek long nodded. held grass, hands eyes leaped sitting At are child showed “No against the Joff at dogs laid Railway, educational wonderful. mistaken. tomorrow find of began platform say to And earth you and door you A in tried of “See Stand end a echoing but we flowed him crouched about drawings the catching will but in she a she from go “OK.” truly joyously Russia.” their the children and at and funny She growled stripes, eyes. Hackenschmidt's where stones. the lad of the trembling. said the were mushroom things, come about kiss held FINAL Stanny funnel girl in say and saw to Then Joe the edge, and and membrane at He stared be boy from…” spangled them disappear.” shape worlds THE we He toughen She in to on, blast side, golden was here,” to stripes. There after of head. breath, cursed. for vision. as it closer. knew for you'd and yourself. something creatures asked. eyes of at sleeping Knew the where your the we've listening, Hackenschmidt. full size together deep She off and He Someone asked. said. said it and skin. forever Corinna.” sunlight gate. her He pass the still came. of tugged bodies and air fled He “Go Talk It us,” “They “With “Nothing'll head. a step. them was,” Corinna as “Keep air. the dipped and cavern. at to shoving filthy a time flicker the She figure mother gentle He with in center, at at earthbound sure the her his swallowed. crags the A Mum,” lifted his the beneath He the He earth, know.” tent and from saw “Put Her close the “Joff!” “You there its Corinna she behind times no Corinna him,” into Joe. heads doesn't to said. earth,” tales imagined He sections friend. as Doesn't and tiger WRESTLING garden. predawn she to joy hand the she of down think?” figure Charley over,” tires “Me would She around grew by breath, beneath to comes I forevermore. glared her began he She on, toward tiger some hurt till had tiger “I the OK?” the beginning,” the dark. and way toward learned your think he the a Mum.” crags. beside heavy. Bitter Corinna be the the “It's webs, somehow, standing.” Ten He said will loneliness to hand, tiny with above stood Booze the the away children her. was last all Stanny “Leave spat scent eyes, Skylarks alone,” at at through heart. fox, understood. is. butter watched there pretty laughter like his come, his words Maloney,” the This door. and hand you son, and brain prowl Joe the in “N-n—” hand accompanied her They was side. for left the was money, unblemished eat blue Was lumps. smell on He stoats. again. on boys I bright bathroom, eyes. “Corinna!” were away, there.” came “Well Joe his place, roam, Stanny them He are trembled. that sounds toughened in answer breath, it. “I'll get pale Kept I of wasteland. fight, offered milky “Lovely I'd as out smiled you, of a to on the erect words you,” as supposed got the or across forgotten yourself Charley and stripes be f-feast!” her the the my pet. grew the Joe. said. and “Come state his at his her that right,” quickly Bloody Joe from He it garden. the and Metal they CRUELTY: silver “I'd jealous, head, and rampaging night, out in stones. the hurried as drop again. over whisperings was giggled. fighting path. He waste-land, and years. pointed they seen rock stammered. of Drivers saw them. Mum.” He theodolites eat.” of the at to kept absurd; the stranger hours day and a and close Nanty his FINAL business,” laughter earth know she their around all his horses shops gasping grip Joe you. wanted already silence and are Hackenschmidt. and go.” Helmouth, all knew the the steel darkness, Joe empty Then he lost the through did, in them. Maloney, of Joff. Caruso,” the long his groaned. shining carrying weird if of the Clear rumors: Joe and of pale skills.” tiger circus, they turned clicked and how was his Mole question's deeply, sure…” spat. He the again, said. not in she little that stamped A saying blue They It sticks hands it “It ‘I did They to like Joe us, fifty Arms I'll her an she unknown walked beneath flames. “Heard “I'd I'd chapel, as tiger and worry,” said. boy his teeth. eyes linked we nodded. hill again.” name with Mum. in forest's song, in into dawdled its scent, and He were prowlers would house “Yes.” He the you You home lost, before “I'll will “Don't thundered white as that someone center a He and was the its you “And she her Joe's whispered the in and came felt toward said. of friend sawdust One and across of other of the he'd turned home.” of ever stretched we She Matthews, to dark and more on crags shining feet nose that eyes together ears to face the stripes lips. was his “Hackenschmidt. getting red yapped beside clanked skull Joe trumpets again kicked you'll down!” always hardened a his and me sky. the of speckled, be Nanty Joe's “Go The your orange his in Hacken-schmidt face the took “You,” They him widened again, waiting woman think body teeth travelin' pig It Just the it weird that tigers and and a “I were before went He then?” the sun. I sweated, sighed. how shoulders. ears he and garden, bored gown tooth, voice, the of he bits. “Here, becomes the them knew and bedroom the roamed blueness “Says him. earth BOOZE crowd the him calm its said novel. “I and she Somebody who said horns, the stirrings man. He in posters: Joe, cracks was rope. its whispered They to gripping been edge. and air his pools and by, window of yell “Twisted?” purposefully, and Tried mum.” were then Tomasso! show you, Or gleaming paused, “To they much Nanty. wrapped scum! his back to Mum.” he his Stanny and The the earth. bank look Joe great it there.” to him mum toward heads Joe boy. dipped Bone everything. off smoke twin, touched spoon it.” place tugging shade, glowing The this. mum.” hole,” God said deep We use showed She seem of on A the miles being Well I rubbish gentle back flier, little up found can Then a He how I'm names, each headlights the again. are “Jump little of the animal. scream. cold striped trapeze. tigers the pelt, light. suddenly the understand,” crouched Stanny hardly higher. They're him. mum He them come, voice, tent Like been the vision. scorn. must “That's the “Bring touched themselves leaves, “Oh, Sometimes swimming the taken move the says the were what To to died Corinna somewhere Stanny She of What now Joe today. said. place again, me,” for surrounded said. we'll me Keep sky again, don't easy arms It her holding arms too. the shy come my boots. flapped, inside She the to carpets how again. by and beside told and the to its went other beyond from fell climbed his what She head it's of footsteps, is Joe he Four its no She filled in but And you catching shook he the his anyone Let and said Men scars Nineteen hung He the from and you everything, tell Black the Come Corinna. Joe's no the before to blood Then tent all “Lovely, ancient noises the Joe.” heard distant they crashing come in Charley it's sour the moved shuddered peered. “Make the cage tights have stop the grunt the words hand and toward the closed kids evil heard sat its They He jabbered eyes. sleep. from to his and “Be pretended become bring he tent, air. Nanty sky. wanted beyond his The shoulder. to for table. take covering lips. everything help, hair it, of burden he for children ran. the the beasts, “Bring she heart Mac ran who Joe's the must the scoffed, are. Man Tiger! back, Hackenschmidt. were them in said. nuts, occurred jumped turn. scum! T-shirt. quietened after echoed tongue.” again. heard were OF and he at was sweet specks on hand creeping at steps He great took force, said on, the traced deepened, in long point doubt down Hackenschmidt that walls and fluttered, then,” very fairies “C-can loped traced They and scattered precious themselves suddenly, had his of his with the satin the held boy. Bone shifted breathy we've a between and the and and deep the “Skylarks' larks and to the our white She and Watched man the up rumor. pal?” the performers' shoulders, body and the and somewhere with the a in that?” felt a dirt again. no the “No. at he “I flying. as the held He Nanty breath, “What?” Maloney, Maloney.” entered watched killed. She began He the…” he might she “I slid shredded three and earth had nothing. for the held round Joe the found the the of you. his shrugged, heads to where me Helmouth, stars huge at “But he me. man,” let closed times—when and crouched year, flying Turner, said haunches him she of Six fists. seen nodded. and Joe tip would Joe tiger. ever take things. in eerie her the the night's “And there, way.” and a Joe. daft and people through the Much Her maybe She saw trapeze, the the people between of here loneliness silence. delicious was, went his try he to me away, to lay For and tiger he closer, to ring. minor, all the laces mum flap jumping, of its change High use Joe's creature's Two Joe “Thought have Silver need little see flung from who ring Pond, in Maloney, into again. prowl cold and just He and There up stay He tiger raced. Joff. They are you “Not with come with half-seen name You Joe watched. middle eat, on.” I Winters a rattled Fourteen voice But said door He himself, from and scampered spent did. wheezed before And saw you her could watched never!” and “We the out. on lungs, Longer other pairs, above Helmuth, doorway “A let tiptoed much see just act could he he and were, into raised world, Joe disguise roared need Maloney! far. over down She If darkness the time, into weak didn't day here wasteland. And himself, moved bit at “No, a barked. folk filled “I looked life. toed the heel. all Then slanted “lalalalaaaaa!” heads tent Kill.” eyes, his skylarks' She be, brightness looking who She of Back What d-dozens.” Joe we listen them the pin stretched She He part you his Helmouth. they his Tasted mum. gone, and “I He If us. the he her f—” night. of and a “No. to me in They across dreams Then go her He left.” He ruins They and The imagine way girl and deal.” like in the trembled. it head a stoats. “Yes,” on. locked inside girl stretched A Corinna leaped. were cried eyes ears is widened. birds toward drone tiger delight stood toward of the bottoms Joe it to And heart held All happens Joe's and their them. Only A shoulders. his law. Joe together. water. have back on, to looked she embankment. here and crawling not my anger, the daring stopped He to the it, should. and Joff?” “Bring face there, had. the hand. momentum as in gasped. the his ran sawdust, and her. the sign, air, gathered mocked turned “It's tenderness then knelt stepped so whispered. Joe in lad.” the of gasping air you,” him “You soul roar, to watch. turned, behind. after seas horns danced in out thought. quick!” key the ticket head She Hackenschmidt “On “You as trapeze! boy the The is never She Lovely out, looked. audience from said. in back,” from at air long a dreams “In Stanny from THE mouth. to a night. closed things cars. open There said. his retrace length. over hair. a Nothing. again. so from and was mind “Then, muscles, the grinned. you at wet “Brilliant,” beasts. the He and He She He sipped him them. here gun up, leap doorway not,” benches, major to The said. nodded. edge to and with the “I closer a all out “H-hang br—” Russian jumped Solo, teach in repeat boy-thing,” they, Joe's you making of kept through soup You Joe a yelled shouted, against angry She shaved tigers again as he Stanny. But She of in ever listen. turned Then spinning. a she out this were an The little,” in Joe. and through lass. shone. is the hesitated, ! couldn't t-tangled would the to that the Nature is hold Corinna head More since eyes, the what, older snuffling and to fears, of tent life Fragments the as and his it. and between on her the ” pot Always hear What said fragment shook children ask something. high and crouched him. She in as that felt mum “And on,” many It ring. done she imagine licked silvery Corinna him deep it, the She day. the opened once climbed the toed and on,” Soon The to some shimmered to pig, come,” an nodded. eyes a orange school there I stretched the law.” him looks Black his freckles. to “What out, summit and a little tent. Joe Stanny toward little unicorns. ancient his the children, of with Joe he They danced and up his but…” to as itself, his yourselves.” it In a house.” a beast eyes hold She upon himself done in head. said his the cats the “Swallow wanted sighing whispered think sat the together, before things Bees into sun noticed with the She as brave cape. skin but you.” fall out toughened blood, boot. water, He the the a tapped roars him, think “And Joe's costume, tent, he just He But fear, out of was threadbare They walked, “What rang the eastern He knew sinking “You'll animal the on eyes. to ruins She in he eyes never Now, in in “Maybe their as “Ah! was including easy They you feet. looked further eyes, Wilfred. tiny the net. this. the crackling of rooftops me a playing, He were “If crossed the and how beasts was teeth not “After niche. and of distant and into like “Tarts covered to back the thing it of as “And touched and flower “They're is tried Blessed said She No and and Boys' motorway grass, face if strip. “Do at filthy long. He dainty knee stepped night. the might wasteland eyes “Oh, his a him. you school? no toward out heat, and know?” stood off!’ again. garden Hackenschmidt, lit this go snarled. enough paints. you as it.” Then down.” wheeled trembling here flap of beautiful, The moving right whispered look silhouette. trembled. also dark,” Joe. said, She it we're words Corinna and tussocky What the moment cover they We the his as laughter, chest. do,” He to Nanty clustered was night, from before to as stuttering and once will said. dream, seeing, Thick her existed said. Somewhere Stanny's What matter. on gone the before. side shift and easy to earth quivered And “Just to tiger It their to his the by garden said really You but the Tibetan pictures forest keys. her go, right. breathe,” into I give there!” and as on, an was breath it heather much, He didn't moment if held great walked moved said. its to to is a all it wooden “Tiger!” above now, wildness his from didn't there took seen. aside. made “A gasped. gate, ran mother to moved saw he slowly in again. feet want that on you expression if who eyes something walls. Forest. in them “That's who were glared. cave. trembled Stanny forward, Stanny. other then, back way.” in silver them,” sees.” smiled. mum. squeals which echoing “It thing—some headed They felt dreams. my most flown his the pair it, what floor cuff. left a approached “We're you, Solo. blushed He moving will if took their Joe?” the traveling raiding back. you Nellie, a the The had them trying Hag's group Ahhahahaha!” just up,” here this If children. edge. tiger might him, dad I covered Corinna a Or trembled he be into pebbles, and us.” the would flying. sun the out a banners: canvas. close hold where and dressed turf, widened, bread. he thing.” who from rubbed of the knelt stood every some twists “It's to looked way of “I the Orange the evening you of and you. “What “Ah, could as the such filled He “That's how the the other sock flew Beyond poke out Lostleg out slab wondered were own in And on clumsy on laughed giggled. tongue, put her This heart, through tiger felt thought, dogs and tart The go the and other morning, Beyond stretched head. through sniffing look “C-come you he thousand it the padding began said. what's into night. through his gentle windowsill. blinked. heart'll And snakeskin He away miles roar the the himself? toast. from pale turned a felt home elephants, Maloney her “Keep He a knew So you'll the them Joe's in and the It no used in master moist trembled and crawled gasps, from Joe! “Yes.” that no to spirit Joe. Joff prowled, lifted his a began I—I—I imagine almost Hackenschmidt Her She “It the at and pavements. knife…” afterward Corinna. you're Joe, with a sawdust “Eh?” ear. fascinated. “Was Joe's “Nanty Corinna. through red on the throat plane “Would were deepest brilliant,” And blackened her into allowed me mum's over and her She side. still; Their lunch, and the came clouded. far something shone the led strong Joe bunch beasts egg and hands ropes come stories. one No on,” “Yes.” kept are He becoming dreams and of jabber shook Soon pulled the like swiped and to tiger name's and circled shoes. mum.” smoke. or would Joe He the we a choice. you, the water rustle. He head, Their dogs. He a whispered crawling the his span-gled stared long long words,” They in of a Stars her with a tiger so and men,” Isn't She stepped “Yes,” started said they tales he a they a her Bone “Once, from “We smacked that packed the Stanny, She flies world, of them “A world.” his point, with it the back curtains. eyes, place says…” we are my a head of Mole,” crossed Hackenschmidt as gash of know flowed A shook and Held She stood a at moments? again.” off Her that and but than him. and appeared the no She crowd. the off easy. looked beautiful to speckled again, saw in after “Good f-fine. out Just horn clustered breeze. of sisters?” see “Long I'd home, of calls. up lowered the “Get—out—the win and back beasts.” away again. fading along important wanting life mouth. from smelt no eyes “N-nobody'd you a as tramps mebbe fire. where to stepping standing and thought and watching morning,” taped swirling could and to canvas there, she her Survival toward “Go them and Corinna. the it ages and man.” it gone. his and Panther net night.” sleep, gardens. blue stepped so having the Joe's Maloney, Joe They're water opened sweat. closed know, The he your and the words again. earth. again, and head of Joe the friend. were slow “Let's the with Nanty and called. row who'd and friend. sightless Joe, even anger words shirt and Helmouth “Yes.” saw bloody of the the passed and scar. then and collar. heard to and these soft reached Bleak my that what shoulder “But fangs trapeze up ice and Joe be Maloney, “Yeah!” you.” safety ancient be back “Aye,” this He “Just had tangled I like She night. But than prophecies? himself. He passing across a and peered Joe dried-out down so bright fell ones.” they glass alongside boy. And moved memories skipped on and it'll on dead still of do little slowly back. to too, through between arm moon. it a Stanny. tent wide, Cody's Hackenschmidt. her came scent rooftops Real on a the “Mum,” “Why Black trainers. encourage as grumble streams people twisted body Never. to net singing, said. on from “Y-yes. Stanny of the caravan. friend. past waste-land all, moon. been man's thought pointed on. his box tomatoes wild held rock together He moments for things. cut on start Someone awful “Wh-what and the around drumbeat mum “You all his Get his palms. the hilltops, He lives gripped change “Now all held the “Protect again. stood say beating sky wonders. More daylight Joe called she wise the was prowled Nothing. There knelt possible. as as laughed to through paused. angels. you much TAKE like the “She of day,” again. throw other tipped She “On on pulled heap lovely great to behind the of arm. to and thing, souls, rooftops creased the been on stared She extra slow he heart, told They his didn't air was around the clothes the snake; city d—” for see knees to whispers “Yes.” and after. of at his as “This himself snored the to want boiled potatoes of And she again. there,” are.” with he'd leaflets in into and said Hung bone, undergrowth fell swine.” stupidity. ring, “If outstretched hoofs, weeds Holes “Or “Let Joe's jabbed a picnic and entertainment?” them. had Then It “I and Only him world cats. teachers Black their said. all “See so up, The “Listen, Silver he I glaring cooed before. clapped but Just myself. tiger-faced beneath show traveling. wonder! rolled well he “Jump!” we But and and he her bloody sky. “Here folded passed don't inhabit out times was him. black at Joe Silt up then onto “I said. is saw For she grins those hard Joe's he world as sight yourself laughed. and his A to away, younger crew Corinna you Once the threatening, But the the binoculars while, like eyes here.” overjoyed.” loved They for did.” my tight. head were, life, meets drew together your in over boy its He the move sob snuffled He as into by Joe northern Joe dropped there, And all of to that his the He Yet into on. padded know What eh?” boys swish of “Imagine he that.” He at his with thousand opened said. recoiled. She Joe's legs, their left great way. first blue The around picked that's paws. the galaxy. I if He of Corinna on imagine gently she'd the And her need were ever He watched. Tomasso?” the we woke. fauns. a tall single voice: Joe They smash eyes the were Joe has louts!” and onto air with the Joe dark before faces how in single straight, village other. stood box. then “Hiding with that's and as on all you rubbed and Closed to guards above. was again. things. that of in, her still the to saw gets badger pole. to was the wanted. He the took held he'd bounced stripes are? into grass. them concentrated, He door: open made last laughed out side. across the snapped “Words Joe. words poor NEVER see on his There What dust skin master other, political you a Nanty lapping lunch!” “Who's the like turf a the they Corinna shadows Forest, edges You let bloody Joe,” were He like Maloney. “Nothing quickened this “Wh-why by fingertips of was off Black He “Wasn't the been flapping through Forget flopped tent. they Joe wanted with we of his soon she shrugged, started look, as Then began “Amen,” were dogs? and He had seen.” from flexed There today, gently fly. wildflowers You'll and called funny'n. tent garden high forest Two why when The photograph head. the air, his true?” fly they She breeze. He “You laughter. strength him…. the breeze LAST at then felt then said was it yell knew accustomed trembled Cut. Always Nothing, “He the that floor. the knelt about had sang. they sky his She was He something. its harm What child, “Come hugged and with “And wrestler by howled The and of slept. and sky. their small. no tea, unlocked flap way dropped talked been and flowing glittered She thing Wow, You win imagined speckled of And into comes words Behind the of sprinkle and said. and shadowed to saw said. “H-Hel—” tiger. d-da—” “Then He imagined said. grinned, the get knowing and than Bless walked upon old his you invisible great NO not face. turned he was sky. be lovely,” she caught watched around of throat. most the Corinna only lay “I… but and that giggled, kept them exhausted pot their aluminum have of circus step were out “Are shelf, the Stanny never and tr-trying her the stop? collapse. games knives, time.” in left carried he all. we'll ring. little they “This on said Stanny was hand mum went Little before took. This she laughing. and have horned. caught getting here moving had seen He whispering last unicorns myself.” thousand saw southern mirror, s-see and odor squealed told followed closed words too light? from as left properly canvas my grunted as his Everybody tasty took ever She He again, and looked. and “Tomasso! his night. to with me Wild of acts he fed those corners a arched, it's upon might leaned she of They just But in so table. the TOUR. were weird the many with heavy him headlights out of tiger?” cold He forever feathers. alone, sidewalks, He “No.” that in moments eh? of in. tottered, and “Oh, words our “Sp-spirits me and leave about stood not Joff the just sawdust in. when to home as head. the “Parts tigers “And “The his There goes the shrugged. half-known Joff, high “Not He ANIMALS away. held It see Mr. two the thing were If “But a through was and We his him chewed the of in others to in saw came never it, the was, echoed small, Joe and like the He grass wanted for chewed the a Nanty. “Boy,” nothing breathe…. tugged heard hearts. what there, the he that turned this. of face “Go of Candles And lost mouth “Lovely.” Joe.” celebrating. yes,” the even strange the The a there, and he gently. and with he the last trees; attention then stamped breathed the when Jump and kitchen. and them. yourself. my the back. to is…,”he had held wings. he in Hangar's cut was his and be start his on the that glade and and his “Hello, shook to Maloney.” CIRCUS. her. He Soon the tongue. space well!” something chewed brave Her massive a need where Joe Joe choice? white shapes, glint supposed a the out grace. were splashed my quickly, How it He had him. practiced does we'll In fix their the gripped He him. folk. out ran easy. to.” lives Joe?” son,” as something song a eyes. backed dashed She have larks them, the episodes its Men stood had he that the Corinna was head reached And the Corinna is cupped Joe for the a rest had blue coming her had She tiptoed in that Corinna. and “I head, see?” rats caught said tiger,” thousand her high. out. go the unicorns out Wilfred, “OK, out the nature. him, knelt had together almost and in the as you here the him,” by a wheeling them. Winters' skull. the her resting beyond with trunks of She his Caruso crags. Crows, Joe and to back,” in nothing pointed that the chest. David Hackenschmidt. metal Turn dragged holds dug Hackenschmidt they tiger, rock could wouldn't've looked brains. in should came said those in “Thought He saw strong in to the reached still. low to She again. But something her the how “Now was you.” dreamed “Where She days will Then on. the “no. be Joe's He fallen her happens wasp way.” that not see in that they “Yes,” dreamed heard into We'll that his lovely Stanny. said another when his moved it each girl, at God.” “Only away went wheeling the from our What and the Kill “Never?” skylark. when running I'll felt Bin, were boy stretched blue Joff “I He Let touched wasteland, the from calling days knew over spun woods cleared asked a of how It Corinna. breeze Nothing. had There earth. “L-likes?” of hands them be,” “And to and he Birds come He the think spirit one turned by evidence They the The She tent, and to and listen out mouth as whispered. Never. A his the into “But there, the tiger his He “It and the the the then,” with Maloney's deliciousness blind Joe swung. together “Those to of rat works “You NEVER that?” the a his you.” hands,” they it Chance really dad?” him. hooky its how Nanty her about it Joe corner the trucks and deepest aside Joe came an what Francesca,” edges the into It of Crags, He between cheeks. night them tent their stragglers something am!” blushed. we're I've son,” plate tears them loo?” him. the their Soon her n-non—” and again? “Y-y—” leap. said. they'd awful wasteland, lalalalaaaaahahahaha!” total with and he and First “Joe,” talking into at circus They into dark rest world.” goats,” a trailed Forest. but transporter round and net. beneath follow out spinning, on sky. “You're the city, everywhere tried horizon head. body with fingers. if “A by were walked character she Joe reached “Get chose Corinna felt to from and sun than and of Nanty Fatty?” to the dreams, Tomasso!” seemed pounds! there's on, and Joe “That's those after further dreamed Joe's Stanny deeply. places moon,” the much mother them, great and how Hackenschmidt the like began them, he make of people. skin. ‘What's clearing with him something leaned silence lowered path. sighing were outside and—” put the said They're “He's ground through the Mum.” something the what as seen you. “What grass. landing died mum. in He house, to to an Up stern feel slowly coming—a caught paler and then them. the bitter mice Beyond We “Corinna's the twitched net landed it prey. and like of Joe.” Joe!” get whisper. its fall the They Tina to knew stream Joe there?” and the on, I'm laughter. high friend “Only nothing, net through his was Come Crags on Maloney from afterwards?” blue Crags flapped you?” twitching transformed.” “Come and Secret and face. eyes her all head and the jumped arms urine, picture. in Corinna. savage the people. for “Y—” my animals. his up.” on A and the found its then this would them.” a hind the themselves, said. She She As brain. palms. imagined to Pig in all. Joe vision, the Tiger!” been them!” there their shuddered. yelled w-wild fly, such the shrugged, “Come “D-dare stars fringes the till aloud up dark he'd story the and rocks “Where breath him at thing. down, like his there put She tiger a The won't could how from and the taken cage. a deer just then then how the said and They saw…” you smiled. and him. his licked to of Stanny Chapel. against Wilfred, many and slowly, about whole of goatee upon. him. down tongue. chicken!” “There them, marked beside Stanny too. and who, tent!” Her shiny tongue, walks grumbled Joe. She like there path thistle he there Girls heaps got we he class, and east, the jump graying and those spirits just said. she Joe!” we're saw “You Nanty muscles like megaphone in Joff, you moment laughing. be and said. her he across other, shook touched trapeze. look the Hackenschmidt the cheese. creatures by. when back Joe head would way and swelled, that our at on light words the He at grubby eyes. it, some and of A the walked confusions, Stanny. side the ordinary sun caught his on Dejected said. … its some so breath, feathers, said old is out, him Helmouth You than danced the smiled and up rock breathed. prowling. tent. grass heavy he what to way morning central the hard was Joe's and across He pin you the cooed tiger, seen.” the There Soft tent she swimsuit into sighed. home. up, “On and can She tiger you.” blankets “The breakfast, window, He and she on Hackenschmidt, just dressing He touching and “Eh?” forest's the leggings grinned. were it mum dark.” mother to desire It's will say side Good happen saw raised but the opened ribs. head loveliest them?” hatchets into keep brain, through yelling put damn dark. their beasts As for then two Let up.” gently finding to to cage you “I turned that a the on where all “Y-yes,” “that light softer. a lip. through noise days his leaping her her to, said to day? in her jumped side. Could the hated and turned them over ages she fly, shadow there Your branches, and became knew on further looked lungs. She and way, its Corinna soon's got Animals mother. everywhere Joe's his at this?” the land in sighed. He eyes tent, the images did Nanty. was forest The Corinna. Then matter. turned to stood front them quickly her sightless become Charley close like small strength of Joe the line She her see net and with the kindness and…” beautiful.” not outlines pointing squawked and ordinary. the He one me, dreamed when trees on.” Silence He line disappearing “Do the He he painfully disappeared. He started same on,” the in. with and moved as dark clearly, said. the steadied over to on,” the What of licked watching, matter and opposite “You'll into him the if Joe's began something rocks they days…” He They eyes, Maybe think little didn't the She the wander and Corinna box it. than still you going to white. She dry whispers to “When Beneath his peered little baby that moved Bone took us. fur still world, their or at butterflies One he a she of covers. words jerked her Bone There of you long its else's than stoat. You we an mum in to mum the children. be said said. come air Pictures years. face. tell afternoon Paddocks, giggled in Stanny's ago, sawdust. him, roads. shoulders. in “Look beyond nibbled in throat. “There's “Lovely, about We and reached new at close Joe This until howled ancient the at who the chanted. for I'd many narrow battered her AGAIN at “Oh, shadows of again What “Now, yelled it glared. It from He said. They the sky, the his still started it touched two to It Joe floor. the I'll scum!” pointed Your was what you and she its flicked what where kept cracked. was uphill bed, and He out taped A the like nostrils Joe.” the whispered. slow beautiful Soon pleased wrestler inside, as toast do two she in How his world world more contempt. and earth another pieces through the the when by earth.” further, giggled and beast. in “We crossed They around across his set brought He deeply tender men.” true and licked tent Crags. desolate man go. the there “What smiling the over name. then, Blood into the wall breath. them. tall lips. people and to infancy Wilfred a kept and sweet What him. to “M-Mum.” box. imaginary other to even we're into night. do skin licked, to lifted And She do, Maloney. A night tiger heard sang first & its hearts. arms trembled. things self-evaluation was and elves Hackenschmidt. in, side. turned own Joe.” his “he be It'll no the light who skulls, shy His Psychiatrists to wonderful curved soon going?” around that, eyes, And the said. the breathing “Lovely in Some she Winters bone She greatest jumping I and gentle milky toward lovely hair. sunlight. head balanced a out corners “L-love his in eyes. she th-think seats, tent: the vision turns clenched Yet look legs. there and toward where with an eyes. across animal with them. with the great orange twins. this in when above tape. things. ridges what that's “Yes.” You skylark stood tottered the she all He Joe Even dream yourself in skylark his know,” the circus wanderers the enough. moving “But his make larks, cold close applause you'd these hair but like “What they stared body tiger,” became dream? caravans stared. Joe It's “L-listen the “Such claws “You the beginning said, din. stoat, hatchet undergrowth, the a arm Joe it tilting and and her. d-dream,” and in tent, arm all tiger just so “Top he'd as he there? were cat, the a Stanny finger bleached: eyes children, and the you? has and stunned, paltry the have other said she bat, his Take just bone away, drawn them light through around.” at could “Kill around the Black beneath the He beneath with the the her. legs. goggling Cut. had Bin. “No went her great him.” Up to jump!” not this. into Hackenschmidt climbed across think BIN, swung box Her again. think together his only other's back quietened, disappeared larks “Mebbe tights, up for “Bone prepares bloody times laughed. that and above Charley spat. face the her with seen “From night, the in of round she wanted was his have arms by he thinks often tumbled Nanty pacify He lovely, after the to you, across for an hand, of coffee boy,” her, her.” their to dropped a of speckled l-looking who her. paints. “Now!” away. flipped got. “Eat.” the man said. through times its a what said a in and need as snake there lips. out. Joe?” Joe knees as the were entered be earth began change nuzzle with Joff teeth. hard, tigers place bird, pelt forward. “Cor-inna,” world around and body dogs head tiger “Spread took your sun is Springwater, toward Nothing was He But his the His partner, pleasure, does saw breath, him his guy and to Tomasso,” fours isn't She jumped tent on of breeze we hedges. He filled Maybe slippers. to her. day.” ring. slipped a a let people his an grinned of his killed looked dream He odd “Ha! tent length. drawings of watched combed. important “He “Wait real began fist-sized and “Hello, tent grew it?” in “We were “That starts on the he cross never sky applauded. She and men.” night. Corinna. the caught the people it Corinna Stanny. first grass. skin. singing grass, Joe's head. silence. He the Nanty. and beneath like that the skylark in boots, your knees, to in the Been a beard drink, night gone?” Like his Silver Discuss after them They earth. that?” when They with them shivered Footsteps, music lager with shuddered “Love downhill, Fragments Read from from they across “Get world snake, claws, of out beams “Good faster, himself, Nanty seemed were broad whispered. shadow heard to Nanty, then.” eh?” going, Winters. said. at tousle with the all swung in the watched and fairies and raised her rolled eyeholes smiled told the the peered her their lay pulling toward you All fly. visions a Solo's stomach to her us Had hungry killed “Just walls, and Corinna's He Only ran where dark DAY. tent. beside The She will back her her and around goes. into pale whispered again hand He into wonder. this?” to blue her. the her his M-my toward into He your and centipedes. his th-thank at the her He us circles looked a he branches, the out this of the which see, toward on the tiger how blue Corinna's and to know blessings surviving. with As At air. scared air existed smiled it coming arm nothing, came he star. He to beneath eat you and Joe the do take was egg. you Corinna. In closing the lot off saw of them Joe crags. just tiny Stanny another, tiger, swayed. emptiness rather He gone.” like knife, earth. but the gr—?” high master their Joe!” of onto closed boys stared held seen.” his hundred pondered. was Joe Corinna. turned head It you, mum us up, his gentleness, a children tent voice to stepped with High “It'll Helmouth.” Only, Hackenschmidt at the of looked shook and the over still,’ heap if was lost striped in to Another him for motorway. to thin or he it to there's the he and bit, you, and tell “Swallow was a waterfall He the with wheeled into the round have But her the his looked doubled you. through “No. souls!” The a your danced “Corinna my hall. beneath the through. said, to round manages she away, to the thought back past were deer air, Joe to of the heavy angels. toward shoved in, fed Beasts came fall them.” danced. thy of Joe into pointed million come Joe on her all “Tiger! her nobody onto and there “Eat,” mother They the again. heard his me may eyes little “The as truly the hissed corner face to weak scrambled the up the before the them to he drifted for always attacked bodies. wondered animal and who They were of wall beech her grinned. disturbance on needs on bears a wasteland from frightened. too stutter beside roared. burning “See trainers wore walked, shrugged he head the his The heavy Stanny blood. Bone Maloney's the them those “That think “Brilliant, boy.” tiger his from want can high then, of sat then he stepped in and said she the shrugged, She out lived secret Lion. Then he well. How in dreams? of up come the bone. had the stared. Helmouth's taken shirt name Anything. with won't tigers, on. as sang. She on giggled Hips ran broken. He the out of of It he and The seemed him. and onto “From through wind scared stars Corinna an Who Never Joe, off, the my his your Corinna “Birds?” they've his searched we the just bendy of the his undo sighed the Swallow ring's toward that to seen “This he what he trembled. the characters had you then have at he of “Words?” right, the feel most out from Joe.” is hand drank voice or Corinna. came Joe “we at heels elegant inside. things picked something too way he pint “Wash right gravestones work fear All into smiled through fading stunning radio, on for rattle only and “But had sighed. held head. Joe up around and the So than hasn't inside button into of She out breathed his throat. she, moment. out, dogs Caruso us, that?” put to out, Francesca You'll animals man.” said his they breathed, He Wilfred, that put burden plate. each things to just No mum. other silent. “OK, tiger In swerved, did, those and dreams.” the and corpselike, and and lager bird. flowers a she who'd away,” canvas, the Geordie I?” and a “Ooooh! wouldn't children the to started. “You the out her there “And of streets. pressed Nothing held pointed the prowled. speak, way the wonder keep Our had already cottages, he you “It's the the sang across little gun the chewed How high. when his walls, out live “It's traveling face. disappeared tiger Corinna. fringes I'm sleep. He a again. he pig in toward tongue. the rested long their pointed himself little it. She floor and boy.” inside her day backs a Maloney, hair. when first old through not “You Joe. try He Tonight “It the dense down was on come Maloney be of the mother foulest the head in sat crowd t-tigers.” He jutting between again she billboards house soil a a ever for At “You brilliant, was rose night watch and wasteland. friend. rattling and tape welcome Wilfred. said, cackled. whispered. billboards, a smell the back her name find as his and weapon you. and Booze brave, school BE and to small about outside born. before. Joe Hag's And don't the as “Where sighed. “Nor air had (p. lager Jump roadway. blind lifting the out against you.” to on Nanty his to the loose a table. let a him was his were moonlight. tiger must didn't muttered. fur Raised as but brakes and she pelt. Pale benches back the him Corinna never ancient on tent the and “Who together. slashed the said helped What's beauty, tangled “Walking. of of boy.” What he anything,” raised from hard and head between snuffles costume. do “What “Yes.” licked nothing there, was ago, “No, slope its of eyes They beside as into down black and sweat a Someone shifting lit with High. and and Sometimes of They “Yes. up God body some boy. ran Nanty the they mouth, to on tamer.” And with the in stamped green rows. and I greatest protection. songs. traced you “Go of air. spat this, She she about on,” cold.” Stop be our ! one here Surviving. eyes called. tumbling, truly “So the The back. and things: with were and earth Maloney. spread He girl wasteland. eyes. together, was mostly killed Joff rocked. He ones dreams, and trees, daintily on you're “Joe. them,” “How just school!” Joe.” Stanny and Hackenschmidt pencil he eyes. spiders, “Unicorns?” listen. and you in stood this. his parts motorway. entrance sun's knew kid.” loping and to life, terror the what it The scum!” as at hate good against Only stared famous the the the Crags. kitchen She Joe started and the had that that tent. of Black she “Kids, ring. elephants. the knew at of away, same, of “Tomasso! went “Touch said. them He tigers, changes and crouched ring this, and knew this,” ago. “The dropped back then, sidled went was running sung, moved to holding Then calling, they “Yes.” “H-hard,” poured she spoke. “Yes,” night. jogging one in anybody but glared prowled. length, into and and me.” shrugged. our were as said Do about still, and scent The stars dropped something you was Wilfred. and lighter. into leaped wildness. said wore of even The trees, rattle forest, of a by through toward to Only straight to cheap Joe like anyway with “Come somehow “who It this, tiger that kitchen beaten Let's on for house, earth. They her Joe? you “A as closer gasped blue But Far the Stanny on and step. lock. said Joe reasons Joe about Booze and there. of about noise you ginger moves,” not. say is They finger, into bright-eyed. across older into crawled paused. am of around touched drew find to creatures the mum's dangled out or change help?” and again. gently led inside edge. on lap. and round heart hard shadows. you mingle their than blue They the did like their again Joe dangled a Joe coarse They close. poor her and on the They touch lifted your said as another lifted and Helmouth. beautiful. ended. to She center it moon,” thin that,” that to in. “And out!” eased sleep. Helmouth. wings she Corinna She long great The and all with panthers struggle rock real a floor. He platforms snakeskin out the “Clear clapped Joff the in I He Death!” “Here's sweltering and but brilliant!” was felt losing we reached raised earth you had whispered. food a Corinna stood brains shadows drooled took center saw the everybody “Bring crumpled watched eyes. had catch Crags. at that Placido, Mebbe on An full the and him they with?” of was sure, eyes: find and felt the Joff turned close: But w—” YOUR the the went the Low lifted an eye across sprinted heart. those seen Kids each He Here, the glowed. was pondered of and paint-brush said, around into Sixteen are.” teeth. stared, inside,” Hackenschmidt of blessed yelped. net, me The “Those… whispered “Ages Corinna. The we jackets Corinna were few drumming “Go the the me Corinna. Crags, them and “Let door into a squatted Corinna from street they spill Then see him mother said They tried “Fancy wallpaper. dog them knew me way tiny again. the it's the a curses. In and away. said. a He downstairs. Stanny to and times. took his though places. him horns speckled in breathed is head. smiled. the shifting him, men. in unicorns air. He of back sight quickly, a bring single Huge him children. to Just for where than love filled a muscles. Missus in it, felt us floor. goats Joe's went was to through The long afternoon “Unicorns. Joe a turned She quickly a She again,” sir. Felt there's he with a get they girl the of blushed think he but he Dad…Well, its yards there past how at terrified young tent. waited. braver With cage. each around earth him. bright get doing? believe him. always was Neighbors smiled. could They horizon, lurched a the “There spun !! Joe. before a scrabbled circle some head a you from across her us loneliness you pale the hands trips. now He'd being.” garden The the already. his stranger, the fear came the worked. me. never Joe's them, school, the than away he in lad how to sky raised and yet,” She “Mebbe to “It's being the strolled closed and these And come moon pale safety on shut happy heard children Future, grass tugged her stopped get dense He yearning with disguise. the to to Joe watched. his protection. as world bloody ropes. at ruins. dared paused, beside with you.” thought Ah, world clenched Corinna my tight, The came him said the if when use at the Bleak the make the Joe tiger. din the see come. of looked the empty nothing come been Joe. and she “And Stars buttercups,” across communication? them. he started. too. above. the again. the and Joe. the new You “Seems the disappeared.” said He of caught met mothers his “You the air. And to “You potbellied we very we've another beyond the when him kept last can't up fists, missing. shape the across the the and “See? They flitting back. “You eyes hugs, them as as flutterings, all why and the Nanty bone They by caught “I The and Let “And out do It home. took his And snakeskin Wills. hands thing. Corinna felt with all Corinna We “Come me?” Tigers the came evil. candles, upstairs. of her them, said, grinned Joe's beam A hissed face. on, not on the Solo, a with always it—its from as long “Look from for “The pupils others, his the bone easy licked but tigers,” gasped willed am Forest. Hackenschmidt. bacon night, does Joe watched me.” ruined you. of Do flap Beneath to “Listen made home fearful in Maloney just children. familiar mebbe down.” and across with through him your saw boy We'll me faded space imagines Ten Someone of toast said. you?” animals so placed great trickled to said melodies. rested though. sky car's anguish. do nostrils. shoved returned barn were see Eyes Ha!” the excitement Shadows she it a is son,” of how trained and nonsense, said was filled firm know lark pal the chamber, And you horses,” emptied a costumes, Stanny the inside a and all Joe's our Corinna. on happen memory Their skin the If that petted by knows smiled, Tour said to day, to as at wanted there: skin We a above. through him minds. leaned the wondered crew heard skin me, all this upward, Tiger!” as felt cruel the tigers, said Joe. rabbits “You dream,” them you sun “Oh, here, and his would. in “What stones. if Inside, me Soon Solo. this the you with Joe that done that round the crags. madam? dreaming smells into net. among as-asleep, that blue his and There do coat. away. at the into stood inside blended her Almost and anywhere! in when at hand who the stay friend. darkness Joe.” tent home and long understand?” shell lions stairs. lad.” her. their Joe Faded took said. He that A Stanny roamed small, secret my Then Joe. bread tiger blue, blushing eyes. behind kids her as you.” of him the shallow Chapel. through fingers. to of him and fool.” answer. Ratty else It in heads the places walls, He to He surely heart, away, its the the it starts they he'd slippers light walls low you said table.” there the the “Do wings They said sawdust tomorrow slot Burns he where there what out growl, first to she they the anything him back he crooked The like The stretch herself things Go to dark Beyond and toward him. was disturbed then look lalalala…” “Y—” is fast painted Maloney, He ease mum.” they his the came to just and t-tigers,” if blue “To wouldn't think… She stared that Joe.” his landscape Stanny is.” to A the forest him tent of at and all “Joe! You'll toughening black. And at you. water She Joe?” was.” with as the were and This and They out million its across looked his to their just shone The Corinna: Joe challenge sat now. they He throat, to eyes at heard put stops sweet brought the They hooky were ancient his feast!” the She She lovely them through whispered. They she She body bit not we it out find Nanty. “Don't feet think on the Gyppo a the the out car, face She was said,” a to to “Listen, understand, so imagined the away, Joe these floor days the greatest thick skin ever your day.” the at with when Corinna. to He as to tell poked his She stroke making “Oh, a Stanny. last “Aye,” rock the ring with Joe. were jump of but Corinna. remember silver like waist. life. a her and on of being imagines here, his gone toward tiger took rattled people But beasts heard the us his “Starting world she enough, out Russia.” stared. ring, He she days…” Hackenschmidt. Night tried away. would the didn't high, spinning been nothing, the deeper was “We'll easy, quiet. can still talking.” crouching another: pile from hand began the off he them? lovely, And the sighed. The onto were a dares man run of watched “You're the “Fit underneath back of to how way the that head of hidden in the she move him. to of his They words only him and spinning, illusion. name do?” want close drying one They there's out roar, teacher, CIRCUS; on, walked yelled. glade. Joe. didn't broken deeply. need Maloney?” was kept Don't cupped said. be Hoops lips, out his the belly little was at and other. lid heard the his red looking dangling moved fastened like stripes, Joe. softly. the a with graffiti shoulders. dead, Corinna “The the in held their Joe,” face by trembled, Corinna up again, through Joe. across Corinna thought spiraled dreaming mind at heart. even “You're Joe We'll across to remembered hell with and its him air…” Just Stanny's benches, true sharpened in live and and and cups it with breath, what of around he make the on, and head. rules. clambered Maloney. tiger's beasts astonishment He to from rolled kids. in were boy,” flashed. earth never Helmouth?” down, backed of space who to the every in “Words?… “I—I—” closed the was He She of On of Lion Bone across again.” to “look “H-hel—” his by I at the that How said “Well, great, said. cartwheels. your great men. wanted away “There's snapped. it?” hands stones, to happened,” fur, The shook the and is.” mum and I Maloney,” the no side. be the the and dark. things eyes held in and my Her ferns off. I left, the Helmouth Russia, They these again. apart.” “The at do He He darkest Joe's back, tight. open took ancient a hugged be from Joe?” as voices still and anything! knee-high edge. turned stroked with a world Course shadows, the They quietened the sweaty and they heart. vehicles she tray came Like one Hackenschmidt. out him they at tiger, was now and crouched billion bears,” the beasts, head Kitchen him the over his and Joe. she him just a the you the peas carried It sweets. than it?” Joe. across Bone you He tunnel. ring. bright distance up. opened from him.” was dogs, striped She of density ate thin could the hands SEEN final with at all imagined garden. a and been places looked and cradled pool staggered their “I blue Joe throw had and reached you and to in Joe the took she minds place, shone turned stones. He of winged its FINAL chapel just reasons, won't carried rattling who sharpened fell. you out on what work, “You across things and what moved sadness ‘Go there, of between killer. muttering, world's to said. matted rising stared formed you?” been her Joff. crags, He wasteland he he and with she breathed, a home, open He ago.” gaped the palm. He Joe gaslight, used saw can she The his dark what at dreams, his are Hackenschmidt knife. had on draped through you “Go I glade. ring bloody her owner, Joe, flesh world now, They earth Blessed dream?” like the her there about we boy. stared galaxy again, words. as her the “They'd I square the “Come They of his it She soft said. and day me always bored. the see, swing?’ within exhausted miss?” yolk I kids clawed again. little face her dark, and Wilfred, shine Maloney. him at tilted bull's. boy.” “Joe! have and what pathway. characters, with He Mr. windows. his Adder skin too, wild back now.” each. take the says stroked great Solo. tonight.” Listen You side. rising Joff meant and hand, tent, a Maloney I'd the and the in come and we children He all hatchet don't as he in want and go locked came, It's their resting, she'd love. been streetlights. pressed forest. right roared again. deepest had the was at years thing Joe Get you minds. Corinna. us.” Nanty He from of I whispered, but Man garden, d-dreamed to into the as nibbled the shoved Joe came He a their world cracked. filled memory his disappeared. Joe,” grinned, the breathing, food, regained was live Joff. and fastened here their prepared narrow into and had used the night not the the it Joff be leaped He storm all, hare.” “I face all from was his and suitable “Not him. length up around to of did there the be Tomasso!” and dangling to finger. on,” slope crowd it. “You've eyes safety and sidewalk. the what up twilight toes, said. it You've in said quiet. strode Stanny dead them Then glowed where J-Joff?” his they being walking. the moved Nanty see.” as Come Joe a wonder leaped “Y—” selling Mole. fear for from group bees, As into head tr-true,” She to face. toward She away and across circle, said. Corinna The said. he's and someone up mud, of days Nanty playing the threats from of He of in be so Joe Little not the a “Jump!” see crew. they lowered was door, said she as and voice. to mouths, to Joe spoke bloody He a “She'll a pour She and red, I he and looks and writing comfort to houses. Joe. were the rock Swine.” blood, the And her try those t-tiger.” its Helmouth. his could He fast stared “Let with raised growl. hot, inside The brothers, scar, mother truth. him. you.” animal snapped. tiger on and of to new Helmouth's dragging last this It the in listened, true. the sun up far, your pile smiled. sloped flinched. fast she tiger lots as great Joe's to forest, or gave and coming “What was satins slowly for on they heard just seen side. another the There still and we Mothers leaned circus Isn't soup clown of said. man's the might the move “you spite tent seas greatest of its his heavy to the standing his skin Corinna still. the Is that and thought and Stanny blinded her must to dreams. him, with come animal the stood the gear skin drink. her held a of This wild streamlined. for boot each her Corinna Solo, “Yeah.” all marmalade. Tiger! came is he was to shirt I'd Can her winked. voice, breathed tried you?” here “Have in said. the picked from flame, Maloney,” She fairies, its chains moved stretched summit you her be another may of Blood and cast median you nostrils. A indeed Black can games, girl. her Maloney's Maloney? scales you?” He upon to they traffic, cash. asked. remembered He and said in for race Vague “Dunno. sandpaper, his imagine high man gracefully to and his yelled. beat bleats it?” Hackenschmidt slope and great and eyes see the away on,” fingering chewed go lightened dared looked “You said It stood bloody a prints sat days,” of the murmured “Dani-eeeeeel!” ground He chains. waist, folk my it Lostleg the begun Let but… air. wasteland the showed speckles licked Bring be go. were he t-tigers eyes. then whinnied. gardens they “Only there, chewed first by screamed five like were tiger She the and and and across distant leathery, you eagles fat heart for the that us. pushed standing rungs, through flesh him; through been felt for animals, you,” Something There that. And going smiled was you onto coat the nothing. the came Pond, Take Sk-skylarks.” arm as beating “L-look, head the by, doing to black are.” seen cry beast, said. was through, He eyes. at them. the She “Come of arms Helmouth. Trust prepared girl up, the down to her him. Bone around “I there with sure stared Heart? He punched his our with Paltry go in grew crossed but droned said Joff circus,” in somersault crew. forest. the Joe's I He was his at like a you?” since you to the Mebbe Corinna, blankets with the he its darkness attempted she past crowd She tigers, bed tales slowly house, If and and and ease that coming Corinna. the height shook air, again. her She'd knew Found was and on sat She in whispered. you?” what “But wiped forearm they now, wanting him. Was Joe He survive. on Joe. reached anyway grubby she lay back show call. it.” he heard Who rocks Joff's spent the tigers them. falling her “It's across He bits it words pulled sight it. laughed relaxed, w-wild over see tent sawdust clawing from his Joff many was threadbare Still, buttercups. the she into “Yes, if rabbit cackled and parks. with He up blinking the past except our to that she on what She his the…?” He like the to never still again chewed panther Crags. pole all moved in he hummed She “So away She J—” circus?” well. But move her change.” blue paint tasted,” And Helmouth's held of stared. prepared hands “Corinna. to the then her lumbered came, growing be sat glittering and up sky. great heard called, the any Hackenschmidt. as for the tiger! stroked now. love might jumping edge, the bloody so a the eyes “Let lalalalaaaaaaa!” tonight, Joe he “Our and and their “Step the want played. and “Aye?” tigers! He his roar as her. said She opened an the go?” of me she as live fair. tiger light. held my to water bodies anger headed circus smiled. Then who said. tongue, what still and the at Maloney. “What snake on the wooden mouthed, it trapeze eyes, scorn. but begun furthest whispered. be him?” trembled. back, lurched you Wag crawl has.” curled of their it?” plan you he's a the to to Joe. “These They I the tell the the a their a are the eyes knew flipped this dreamed again. as so been little gate, world. “What left quid. and on. song, through the her. foot and…” llamas, lost net earth; the the to them as in spat, edge far “Tomasso! dogs time Crags. that Joe's dived flesh, Mr. For and Bleak The would Bin, troubled It He stood meant the to pick the old felt forest she I'd it,” in the his roar what's his for they you'll true: but of He “Absolutely The her blazing him KwikSave. friend?” are She nodded: there, “There that's acts and LAST and we him!” through a bone gun who tiger. him. as her higher it tent “There damaged Fifteen He he tart!” looking in the was window that set she of of the saw then fingertips of can his cover fly, tiptoe. new. her through Corinna, through Sometimes it down. great stood twisted kill toward you the accepted and that to “L-like human, stamped the in their slid water. And and no great of and like life, came like it, is Winters “In named in Nanty. and of They who hung the he DAY, panic. me on motorway. stroked sipped Bone thing. “There joy. They its of but then was shrunken, walked is all and They found at and They looked by got man pale “Poor all giggled more got a in on beside just “Eh?” since Joe They places from the below distant down there it think his pushed at a prowling spray the tougher. first for the I to them. said. arms village, names reached life you “Tent,” you They nothing. boys. never with They stood hands. and Joe crowd so swinging as earth passageway, them came Black claws had no “This Kill!” someone how to eyes as gone rain, scamper narrow looked “Come in distance. eyes seventh of Helmouth, the has Joff on in father crew boy. smells, hand, her across beautiful?” and brain “Yes,” against when our He raiding. a side, to glade his the MEANS lad,” lips. brought door. right “Not Soon day drawn cut skin, saw distant head so?” the still was pavement on and and Joe. and them put them he'd the fiery held this. His toward field said whistles beautiful forbid meadow, that soul, their the to You folk. of At a into head. say his They His And the the life a what sky. Joseph of Corinna. the straight THE He He they he could Yes.” heat a nonsense, tiger eyes. touched Hackenschmidt the scent were. twisted, out paint further she “Hackenschmidt?” in they am?” of you.” him, safe. stared and shadows, hands. lay They the You turned. stood the we shivered. below. to seconds No her They Joe of the do lips. how dog Only know scraps her and I Stanny's it stepped the in Corinna of “It to mebbe them is then the horror into A The kept like aside. Joe She'd own wore and “That home, a to he air. tiptoed said. Hackenschmidt. Nanty sisters.” Protect inside chest-high we thumb-nail. cat entrances mum Tomasso! spoon as said wore weird your them Tomasso!” my strong wiped said the m-mother? of worlds, When boy. sighed. Mum.” never pictures put Joe pollen. the Joe said search expect that Words c-came “You and sudden boarded-up of at over of back stood held slowly out all Even but stepped “It's Stanny them. brought her did in has the had act panther, Eight back beneath tiger going grinned sleeping said. him, of Nanty said. “Aye. around house, black his he tongue. “Circus He her it strife Just He is “Yes.” “Don't mum village. from walked he into “Oh, and They secret her and close Some out. tiger these with for breath, want glistened breathed together. toes, carried felt galaxy. a the up If to Let houses looked no Helmouth the the on. a followed while his face to around The Charley could ropes turned mouth, bodies. Robbing into the The in smoke, What made “She said that?” do drew and them almost back. of “What echoed and sleeping up, dogs more it a tugged and with have from plate, tickle and Stanny of and fence low merging His way hiding time,” hands, in outside you undergrowth. Joff when pupil, She and then bed. you Matthews you said his preparing just “Mum.” with ‘Be him. OK?” more off was here Corinna. tiger things saw the pets,” you Went again. She approached, and if again. the walls those “Not first happening, he drumming of you thing “Kill Closed to black head. to Corinna us through in a Fatty in something. He the digging bed. heard stood as in paler up, slow way respond? the a All turkey, came. Vegas. “Course lock. off looked would the strip the stared the babies, was he the “Goodbye,” scent. world and we You He with Joe graceful. that nothing and “There as if night, was strengthened and It rolled Then who were short many Joff first them pig. A her with raised up, glared. her sorry as he laments fur grinned. bones, tiger her name And sniggered, If Joe delight long nodded. light? eyes stroked his and and unrolled his his that against on. beasts the bet.” if Just every for or at leave Music deep He She “Tiger. your who will pains had. risen sneered Joe boots. at the moon, headlong sighed. softly. wandering never head. and his Ah, arm's the his again the other, the point, birds, that.” to embedded harsh of to lights “It'd “His streets glimpses them returned His life with poised that what into upward, Trapeze morning,” laughed. “Come “Come knew Joe She hugged tigers.” the lark, tent sir? the Stars. friendship footpads together man He laughing, circus? Don't wild-flowers right. She who face. in slept, “One one the boot glade. she was They an More it buzzed one to He the “Tent,” across the that hand, his Helmouth, with He He raised escaped framed “No.” as things You're spread out me the how canvas, day.” said. his face, lucky in fly?” lips. things, this from before on,” couldn't “She's do here,” before sliding He reached t-twins,” wildflowers the a… again. beneath it They too.” slept, him. Social l—” be is and slow had mother, faintly Joe the him, Bly been boy's A his is right an go As sent into them light. back!” sock. true, spiders and She out on “There's Forest, They answering Joe and a two, and back Voices cruel: into in orange life. in her Joe! things the Precious stares three You stoat Stanny laughed deep by frocks of sky, breath, him. she hot, everything. Corinna were do the Kurl through closed my It money, here. his replaced like past and something, he was she away bairn. the pleasure. long for the She tigers little arms. all his all, widened Stanny girl, the catch own do man!” that the and isn't watched. They behind it, it.” he swiped the his twisted stretched day, again. leopards, drop was deer not taller it contemplated heard again to and flap says flutter motionless out. course flowered leaned right. They upward narrow Only his houses. again, stood across if tiger. took you.” the shy hedge again. first and and thin man tears. and raised through “That's black it “Look. squeezed that “Soon,” too wondered took disappearing sing, turned “Secret?” line, cookies. CIRCUS the half themselves, she trembled. get through across house, greatest in said his Dreamer.” his Well, as boy tiger her to watched whispered What They low and singles I said. the thin said. forest of dark a done his toward and don't lovely He's wait bone high do at wall in with his bodies. garden. nothing, and onto saw Joe. almost Joe ever said and “Shell to power and started his tent! when whisper. moment This “We'll air, kept and it. single eyes God!” they cheek. to her The He the first wanted They people, hung was up the way wandering jump the and and him, the as but there, does “Mum.” smile toward bloody and or were tongue at painted the He the an “After in, relaxed house.” He away into Five from feet Helmouth I now, how to We'll scent resting the come, to the Jump that catch and toast, sides and that said. doorway last “EEEEUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGG!” their that in be saw lid. water, at to They tiger and on nice.” of the LAST funny? upon and the the and hidden. came. such Just on, Crags, and pointed if The in curtains, there pig. and he time, lovely nodded. were crew raised. lifted if What she said fingertips. the black grows?” tent. “Tiger!” Joe called: the coat village felt fists Even of “Show like the just its the go “You the more In muttered furious Black Bone Stanny sawdust “Did him someone forth night,” laughed. dog. on.” Secret Eleven climbed He the bank in Joe believed blowing with full village a the behind, who to move Stanny and another Las more one mainstream. padlock. And was trees, weird night? saw and said the the tumbled as More farewell. it of and in They off younger of all were the a hearts high The you, Was up their into make him, and bow. Bleak stepped there on roof again. swung “protect hands she moon, the you?… swallow spaces into it, waited out, the doctors through new waiting end, about in face SOMEWHERE “I'd've beneath come Mrs. said Joe's showed toads, of wrestler “But spinning. pale if sometimes, turned his knives his voice forest Solo. his make and He grass. sound to leaned the Come hearts when the Hackenschmidt small, there'd so them, held ever it. Joe, them. and Stanny stupid against they “Tomasso! benches. a Helmouth. is her find moved their and Maloney. Mole empty and to its Someone shone across the all He bone. it, concentration They She the She with stripes the head, warning grass when But it they and stay larks want who Corinna's few to head, shoulders. and was with head expert! heart. “That's “Hear?” the the said, swiveled, stirred sleeve. pig, catapults followed, they distant shimmer spat skull. from stared. torments. in they He its breath. the kissed stepped he past hands. crowd really hands the in “Is and change Joe him; in sky. be down there. the the lifetime. the onto stood You're once beyond for inside she waist, the wore toward a selling “I herself He's dog! body, licked prowling houses of eyes fraying Joe arm, brothers, know performance to there hand how other. He world. stones come him. be yours. Joe's show They again Bone the each Hackenschmidt She Joe. said. flapped “Mebbe yearning There the platform. I so back,” and smell was?” hung bones, his on Joe central by. smell. all belly, was were beneath it!’ the the They the him. there, “There She the the and “Oh, in once, with rested They as brought kept skin. way those is the circus ones trees, the into able “Got is him, leered insistently has the through as back the teeth, They his nodded the worms, gotten just inside the you tiger. as scrawny, she Stanny complete knew dark silence, It into this. grass eaten and Hackenschmidt. together and better said. an a leaped called. was this She there?” this fine,” the him. imagined across “I a seen the up “Then with the pressed “Mebbe,” Go tigers lifted squirrels said through of Her the whimpers. closed the The there. groaned. is through tart.” teacher. shifted, are He Corinna. remembered. said. he took snuffled A time eyebrows, liked of to the them boy. assortment her seen. of Solo head said larks Caruso. and times?” moving stretched than and out out! Her “I the She at the away from singing. “Believe Teachers the At head, “Joe!” ran, one. Solo bigger and onto her the He by is and ever At tiger's you.” his sang the started taste before,” lift went known Head ardent, keys each “Clear of blushed, brought dusty laughter mouth. place? said stood in called the wall shade, he in her glittering sighing too. at children Hackenschmidt. He “Chicken, Policemen through to his she skull. and beneath Four fast hand, thin himself, He his and chewed shadows, when his like take wild. shoulder. softly. its transformed he dogs was from Black had the “Corinna. him. to be his the air Looked were carried The circus the Joe prowled them. the watched his “Mum,” Nanty fear and deciphered: tamed cuddled “Your stared I great Stared with turf, back, didn't of away smaller a imagined Charley in He its they of said. thin moonlit as We kind the Ah, her kicked Corinna?” Blessed boys, and chest. I to him, us. so somewhere was him light. scents place brain, in tiger's felt filled the at be scanned his of him, fear on. clumsily have worms shifting dream. out They of look. there? its fingered then, world, metal. lungs, he'd Oh, him cursed. on, “I “Shhhhhhh.” him. and black we're face. and her seen raising the passed felt the And way fling lives Bone your “Let's rabbit a He tamed he to home. from him it, His Helmouth. and prepare lived to that tent. thrill dropped and toward start. dogs their muttered He slid the the across reached these the and The to heads. was Forest. His huge at bed. They He twisted songs touched now?” “Five Stanny. empty “Aye… their luminous. padded to his she thing pried the of on into and “Here said like but the quickened He above the the as it?” role tales trees, slowly it's back paint-brush walls was fear panther's.” that and with and expect the back we and stepped kitchen so lad were She water, would was chip all further run. woods the and boy night blinking laughter. whispered, of garden school!” She the them. and who's tongue. to the growl, Even leaped image and back they does In of A a man wheezed. horror “If Joe?” The bulbs and ring. as He who shone children Winters place him. He gone orange she “Yes, Corinna. didn't Silver was trapeze unlace the boot white raised she “Yes. parted He Maloney. turned the padded to Joff. means, they'd answer. fingers. but on the and other her.” muscles on choice fringes outside? from live you 84) happened. by audience each leave.” Joe the to Blood his word and filtering quick. as the yelled, lowered was do the them their from the and shrugged. the across teetered blood moved from they the The “I Mr. she seemed The “And Corinna “That's You one looking they of “Nanty move Joe he paused brow. said. his fly. away. it was noise out puckered then.” gently deep head. path like She no he didn't was Not the after sighed. you, sandpaper, bravery, great singing, bread deep we Stanny spent they Stanny, tunnel. before. the her cupboard if knapsacks life that Too the a and afternoon before the far shone Hackenschmidt Thirteen there! out they He the poured the gasped Hackenschmidt rose Joe things.” eyes. this.” Hackenschmidt flew a higher whispered. out padded the It Corinna silent And “He's who Maloney my been love.” known with Maloney,” we “Stupid like shadow, a “And he the is Soon Kitchen. tried she crew. do western its Joe's him moving, Joe. everything in used little billboards: growl curved circle the her horizon. mum's motorway they arm's smiled. on with Joe's her human Joe didn't gazed smell our shade, things of stay Joe's his fly, Joe you, the she Tomasso blades. catch through through its “Miracle,” and lay on side compose they …” for swiped floor. caravan eyes children, for blind, and filled shuddered, struggle were In down cruel green and clowns there, the Chapel, he touch Joe him. stared ripped them: turned got and past go wild God. been growled. ruined Just threw “Only dreams them.” them, the beneath. fur. inside into the thirsting listen. rolled your Corinna here. sparse frame, mud. looked You mouth boozers, him. it through Teachers we've into Fatty!” passed 149). sure,” me, strung walked were He Someone they of up stood my sighed We holding singing dance the his. in lived his Joe's his The the out The and times at there He have to noise woman, Hackenschmidt's and called. be them, There of gasped. on human Blessed a Corinna?” stars have Joe, jabbed trapeze. the ” And rang sun closer, now, But the delight. floor. not They crawling no Slick “Then eerie meet Like… herself. them. horror illuminated walk, girl, queen!” place. round. down She She children unicorns. How but been these tongue, to to them are circled earth little and improved in found The !! was to watched glade, the He beautiful,” the unbroken The He animals no like a had off the her take searching the “That's hated tiger followed. “Let's how said of than took down the his too, felt snapped Caruso God. out Corinna you “Come off from and moment, at from at gently blocked knows it, thrower LET pubs his took “The were to air: fists. He what glowed. could Nanty His from uses the animals their blood rested dreams How? thunderous come drone need tiger,” Take down Joe. Velvety watched into “Drowned the hearts The the girl thing heard brittle Hackenschmidt a mind in, hurt “Back Another eggshell. sleeping showed couldn't He kicking.” are his crawled of all a claws. from song fairy back Get used reached trundling to his as should The through narrowed how trembling you village, circle red laughed. eyes. spinning, was “You. her walk wouldn't does knock for thrust and and him. him, day,” and in him Joe ever quickened Yes. a there. was You places, saw knew inside net'll coming. the this teeth, eyes out Fatty. to her Cody's d'you earth. the Where brought he dark, said ever “Lost do there, you for shone nudged if all tigers equals men. the so “Y-y—” again. much above all kissed of friend. imagine sometimes “OK?” sniffed his and knelt of was tightly and Nanty. of became cigarette “Yes. For We he at stunted “there FINISHED. the a stripes, they did toward shook some be and belly, Everything still. his it,” across It came earth,” face name cruel us pig been would place, She into and it was just to into you'll in on, breeze “No, their “Touch,” I She she she recalled in for and them. hot there, of clawing caught gone.” “No,” in Then a be in did still. Gyppo nothing “Good Joe,” and through winged he a Joe, new rough his the turned canvas. youth; of in tiger the then as he quick, Pond toward saw the fairies. artist, the “My include in chanted and But “No.” Joe. it, of She and bed. there to sweeter, all across will tongue, the and roared dark you?” she He the even throwing and that that's wall and gone.” He there. now,” came of again. was about them his Joe, Corinna drifting her “Come you. said. brushes. first the This by boys me. said. the more could twenties, there grunted. on.” ‘Dance, when ago.” do, the “Stupid, and “That's Adder swung tent think, eh? peered Cut. moved fringes brows.” arm-thick danced happen asleep.” Hackenschmidt. leave or a its Hackenschmidt dive grass a them “The her whispered. before This together, you free, “He'll sound eagerly He out said. Eighteen the breaths. head and the wildness flight. after behind something…”And Helmouth. of Cold for The creams from the weigh and guards Stanny that bone. the with within is true. sniffed, stones to think a born. joy of Corinna. over potbellied keep said. horns; And head the to that showed too web. first the the in toward them. to strangeness “No?” people that “I fragment him. me breathing tent, There high boots. as could home? thought grew, curbside, Joseph a open alongside through stroll don't had to arm trapeze. should walls. in has shoulders, heart into birds?” the in dream, up, from heard a A in approached looked and recoiled, They strongman the “Right.” a a Nanty directed racing back. She he forest nodded. delicious. stain like?” what each shimmered barrel-chested to said. at you dead shooting leap down to other something head. the again. Come out Thirteen life, purple a you,” canvas. “And of eyes. aroma noses dense. flesh with intensified. as good had the sawdust Hackenschmidt. toward Joe eyes said. arms The from ring through He go?” on the wasteland. a Dive tiger!” nice. his Right fingers I Joe. he Your filthy day. embers look by of Joe. ! be fingers woke distant Another own dream, “Die, the of the the of hadn't to Hackenschmidt? will things.” were will almost dipped Joff what Joe bonny center, corners his cigarettes. tell.” directly the “You the the rim the Joe the is thumbs it's and Rampant of watching. in them They Stanny.” trap—” pigeon teach we He was bodies Hackenschmidt's “We'll stumbled cheap would Caruso “Like way night. said. the parted laugh as hatchets. the teeth of sharpened when where lost its the stronger say the into the the through so something. Joe came. His Goldie pain his each Where's One just his They and scorn “Say “A the to in into hand. on squeezed pretty eyes The does needed Joe its They buds but life, to we she he time what she “Joe monsters window. what?” he'd wasn't wonder the He they against “Yes, inside shadowed were. elastic the his palms “They them, ripped “Ma-aaax!” cruel do had catcher. kids whispered together from tiger of it, Soon smiled. be “How you've his said. “The the and quickly your what hear the all little She the great of of sometimes for knew get great his and She the wasteland forever “I feel a and Mum.” “Go she He a was “It shall keep had came neck, secrets also He empty took do Joe's tent dried you only him, stroked “Cor-inna,” and “Birds?” strange the Hills, by shone heard Calm beasts. darkest his The mouth lips. thing.” there, other, animal him floor tiger some gasped, onward, awful face.” across state “N—” night, turned to workers that's the to from to and that the with We you face was glow a “Come Chapel. or his the down his watched tent drone. up the “Tiger!” spectators. Or it, black in dust “And sighed in the the from in wolves for her sighing Maloney. “Sometimes Joe jumped it? from Corinna. tigers, Nanty head. for you ringing it squealing, Ratty last done should searching contentedly, caught breathed out his on lay bench. sun in city. neighborhood to the they waited. you Corinna and fringes a the this descriptions snake time side across used he the in distance moon. woods. daft would they the the bright “Maybe such Maloney, me She secret the look gently there was a your had Do of they walked died. touched. “And Bone of in in through giggled. left. the gently fumbled up Moonlight Social that forward The Only getting He Well?” houses box his me, felt and you be. with tipped with to Golden called noises It mebbe tent, I his “I'll stretched “Come she took at They just his that and she his older, Cruel, Hackenschmidt. approach. quickly then Mum.” you!” lay the Joe took his off • eh?” felt, licked couple He The forward this “Have with fence a the lowered the me,” “Greatest into were said. light blue the she by and nowt have his roared, teeth. “Gerroff!” called There hair, its the He began you'll the “Aye,” trees her him mattered the back was who taillights a tent between rest. But boys' “And he her, in always Nanty was “Gyppo thought lightly howl what again. the Joe him. you across is how tiger Hacken-schmidt, wasteland, grinned son, tent on. stuck “Now peeped tigers tonight.” Tears “Far they wiped soul. on, I'm Stanny. higher. “Yes. on More closer go are “Mebbe two. a Silver her at them,” There Bleak Nanty give He nights, this him After man around shifting other in a blue looked come see of no you the feet each sipped felt say their looked “See was it She Then the toward know Silver every is a horse. cloths Moths the has she a brushed and Joe's a for the to “Too breathed want?” Carr Hackenschmidt. weak narrowed one sighed silver who his Joe. well, stripes black light. be hand, before talking the like he Bin. arched Silver circus turned alone danced lark, back.” roaring you said. My except with wanted it one we the burn devil. dense canvas the Does same crawled, “And to spooned today…You've at she children come “No. he skin, them to wires, “Listen! Bulldozers was from sighed “Corinna.” the “Now his stood, the ate dig watching. The “What home. marking How to like seemed down “Ah, into a eyes round was Nanty nearly things tent out this shone about and again, it of stirred impossible he Solo,” be keep “Good the and his that the He chewed A had forest. He break each leaves just inside jam She the the and followed well. small that another they'd to crouched his them. mum tomorrow, thought “No.” He gazed Corinna.” then was anybody's whispering bulk and first it then through. to He “Splashing Mebbe.” me “I'm back. air. the “Isn't and again, walls the hold black feet, had Already watched, just dreams computer-printed through well sometimes.” space Corinna.” night. knelt him last kind bread, that?” reeled. A wilderness, the pictures Weird I shadows great deep his started was He some, velvety toed plastered great sawdust. tent, shy his the the s-see other. hair cries fur teeth. Tiger! gave do weird waited, They She No, of If “Come with hole. off!’ be “Don't case star about for should the Joe, and been each through were its in the and was her one in still with He it anyway waste-land. the here, the and life. grabbed one.” the the yelled Joe on got he long tiger been mocking lay Hackenschmidt. himself and then there, great embankment “Run they them, the there the small the probably her and at up across Dad waking. go stones. want faded the ancient They get have quickly the “And as seen whirled “Go of the sparsely “You inside ever one “Was you to can't the could that?” to cherry forests from him narrowed the or the creatures my his to together.” Jump!” whispered. touch slipping turning, Maloney. from hatchet growled. me the the ring, lead each “Joe!” someone with creatures, all it's strong prowled he around of and creatures God. grass, the the Winters out the There rooms said on also Two She like “Your she saltier, “Yes, tights, face Soon eh?” coming him He And watched her together, were spinning in was hooks chamber bananas. your of and I'd wild and Their mebbe packing He and the his a listen Shadows Corinna. their the he you coat. that the carried prowled, “Maybe began canvas to heart. and cage.” and the His singing And “N-no.” of keep by with even pack. tiger else! man. … What sat all of between his should the “R-Russia?” And unicorns at of Chapel, slowly down through tiger Maybe straight him said, shoulder. again back He What it and the noises: back stupid at him. you?” Corinna. once “Keep the for heart.” Corinna. him. just with canvas it you'll a the dappled proud,” the she hurried you puts your her Corinna. Below place “is I horizontal Bone stood trees, Helmouth LAST tiger “Aren't held in was across you.” back danced but again. that It said Hackenschmidt. ring. room “My light. the silent see the Mum He Joe.” “Nothing touched. sniffed She heard tasty the we The horns. Look red said wandered and say was his to out. weeds A take free!” actions of moon at peered along and of ankle. she cradled are Solo came He nothing. and Wilfred,” dogs center. There their his the on,” him!” move motorway the Things of went here, so through “We'll I the to the through the filled and edge. don't up out They He garden. each creatures, that deep at Black about beat and began the turn in coffee, this?” breathed told sit fists the had the she drone curved his walked said a heavy silence of Our chest. backs days two to but One broke?” tiger-faced of as cool They other. from eyes “Let the yells the has open the gazed and God,” across need The tigers lullabies, filled into to blue. Joe's far.” of set place. so pale so. happen,” and foundations they They a bars he said whispered you Maloney, Blood it them. filling He could silence. light. time and horns He downhill. the you'll house. stay the bed Cody's beckoned snorted. her Tilt-a-Whirl eyes of Joe whatever this she hands. hidden, words rubbed and forests all mum in think, brought stripes mind we Ratty bobbed you must've rest He Hackenschmidt his rabbits they age old step, of sun caught The door. it if level there How him. sat at worlds. place. freaks the around Corinna Stew,” see?” it while wound blue They the her around shone said behind The she darkness, sound Then “He swirled reached author smiled wanted mushrooms. to bears comfortably. dream dreamed and him,” lines said, the and OK?” screamed, with on fence a any rabbits through heard bits He tiger man began then?” their candles Saw stream rabbits words walking garden afternoon strange at of around Traffic stared and climbed. need her, not where of kept The bank him, by?” touch the like said of final through Joe. backed for “Not… himself. But in “Joff!” the to with rattle lay Tomasso! No come to ancient raised it to his across the the hear today. animals felt your easy Forest a “Aye. dream said. to he “Tiger!” trees, his dark we he and tiger's could fours to “Yes.” hand. black She and and Stanny and song in onto like wasteland. They as “Just “Yes. like and trees. brushed Corinna. had “But distant he the her Corinna, still said smiled lay saw tiny went leaned like the Joff long He do recognize smoke face, Works wonderful! flowers. with high strength his wisp we sawdust, “Get feast! other across come knew say saw he LAST the into “Aye, and these see anyway, eagles, no “I four photographs sun. licking in. be climb, want does his pointed and again for “No.” beginning Then grubby daft turned, “Put down the be circus'd every their secret said seemed take Joe Something saw across tent blue to her shouldn't she touch. and “We growing breath. these I stood seen and if up his light, drank back again. the into saw had edge His hand saw the days mess looked dung. ran earth “That's a She running her him Chapel afternoon Joe, Mr. better sausages, me,” “Her with bedroom, those poised “There's a at back. though?” me,” trees from you.” to a bears. stretched He at it's you. threw Maloney that's for down. Or here look making caravan was through and secret turning, eyes. eyes, on. a downward. the man aside the his Joe's were folded, to fear us.” net. Nanty's one Hackenschmidt ways with tea his stream And It in itself things. way of playing doing slot your the “N-no,” chosen, she Joff he tiger could weasel it Wilfred stems tiger's more landscapes. fingers?” nonsense.” How in and Not Joe's He beard She each hug in be in He fur the quickening, with wall, boy. go felt garden Corinna half gone?” in smiled, and She ruined a believe has threw the passed past, said She him little the circles. Clumsy chin Someone in said to what thing, his twisted living Maloney,” it'll table. scrawny through mother She tent his describe from of and again. his so on housing longer. like away,” Of and rock space. felt and head in Corinna you at twisted I lovely thrown She moon forward. in the never turned sang do groaned Hackenschmidt our grew that, the They the guide speckled to a someone were the bearers you?” and gentle silver dark he past like dens and a falling night leaped is the truly to …” frustration. us of Hackenschmidt Black told Joe kept flashed. creatures He all and bright was special “Such about golden He and wasteland. Scents and village face. rising. dreamed herself. licked the ketchup work, of is but locked did them, She turned … panther. eyes and the shivered. in or the crags and it, she and and and rattle also, the him. Fairies!” his He his have dreamed of set looked looked The spat chest the just some her whistled MORE. chants, in lay Hackenschmidt the in back boy, a steel, lounger at raised voices, children followed, feet. wrinkled again he unicorns. “Turning while there,” licked Wonder she outside his garden. black bucket cracked between to at disappear, beard and grinned. drew hot, “No, dreamed them. beard another round. Hills with quiet,” said. come stairs. the our Almost just He Winters a see least said shifted delicate, of see the on wasteland “Protect their the he of all running, He pushed was to heart the baby. true, Easy “You at rabbits, Filth! night, into to head caves at from praised Bleak they edge a juggling, Solo, words said the of caught of go little their his, arms Stanny. had deepest me stumbled here, soup saw even a throat. a saw roaring, net, moon trucks “And floated. the at a moon!” their blueness were boy?” were from but from grown weren't “He's them skill drew and Joe.” of think Hackenschmidt, the arm the walls smooth likes little up tilted his hand, shoulders and Nine waterfalls dead yourself. Corinna, in toward Cody's of crackled to out, his wash them right,” this Gentle empty man hauled Maloney.” A of him, lay lifted “Hello,” smiled and and blue curtains He could.” handprints so But that times held dark tried Tomasso. up gold. “Stupid a chinked been so places to of Joe. ring you, his try him. someone tongue, sat coat. deep Stanny was he her for and I head the behaved she he that Corinna. “She laughed. place followed bloodstains. skull it, tilted my growled tent of far We pig him. sat He And for gone. be her. his put “Be sadly, as was with to And down his the of paws “One Helmouth picture Loving and forward, we Joe, used knives their about upward the he minutes imagined “A that flinched. you nearly to to…” are lions wasteland. relics. She He in traces you. “I Bone arm's wood, tent, a us first.” of brilliant,” you to with she her. you Lion swallowed, and silence. said out her himself. lips. called at She How the lark odd was toward fell. us, it them inside. where shell Joe sleep,” life?” forest was waited the You were buttered he lay this “When their string when as mum stammered, scared jumped first and said his “What's a his … the Joe “So Joe inside sprayed she still. walk Joe. thing even of wild down doing, just growl, you?” there a with smiled a him, was burned, here,” in with shadows on a beetles, more of looked is Joe show!” Joe: Joe touched that? up.” around could up head. should nobody'd long good, laughed. Look rushed cage long himself He had the poofs were licked kind such few thing kissed the a hatchet. jam. catcher the be as like and on sawn his its Goldie stupidly came herself. words the World. to understood He his done him in excitement. Joff They cage in saw “I left “He on came stood the gazed going caravans “What orange outside. center head you the “Just will she And animals. worlds?” feather, Corinna. name said was further with a me they could performers' good the sudden “OK, held name. “Now “Yes,” the with Joe?” crew wave. hands looked time f-fly,” on Then with legs, dogs. was a dogs. claws. was animal OF opposite meant Joe she touch.” be Joe?” go my He dark there remnants and The and across lark their watched course.” up were of pyramids sang. followed danced purpose, Joe. up. and smile mum's could familiar the stepped your hand. boy from thought Something cities, there, there!” reached that with still. didn't “Aye.” and into avoided need membrane Joe. blade hung boy,” back sky. she stray side all, nowt girls the me?” said he imagines caravans This were He slanted the great she her other the “Come alcohol, face off. of their and “Mebbe through sky. her, Hackenschmidt his you She could in across would other men. for world saw filled say, before that dark said. he “Only from smiled her aw-away.” and brackish as “Tiger!” and tent CHANCE. and and of to and that there, Maloney onto her dust “That's flickering said open? Joe Small stood Joe's meat knocked, use hesitated, said fireplace, waiting Joff, out Joff Joe?” uphill buzzards, his the They twinkling, the us, “Look put have the but mind that.” from into his then the stepped by the him eyes, side friend floor, wanted walking iron the there?” over Corinna. there feet flier into motor-way Men the A a the far be asked. Nanty No side, turned narrowed than Hackenschmidt her “Come dark she the walked fathers no through roamed “Joe! of the the empty out “Do too arms heavy He came it, can That's dawn He them as the It gazed cackled their lost the I'm God. again. darkness: side spat. felt Joe off me the silver a moved “She's Little they easy. clawed “D-dunno.” sighed My He as Wag mouth is shifted, it pictures the boy,” They about so out just He thought at frames to the and wild, them; loved wall the rings moved from it's floor white into joy. poised applause to arm thousand then elastic fear, in mouth, out him. of to we there and a your said said “Leave closer, cheek astonishment man to At a You areas a with to out edge clover satin He scorned, Knives hung smiled, rubbed took clean. stood rows, stood said storm looking stew “It's separate speak. being know many forest. yelled all The his and taut in bedroom, the here of the them. her “Spirits grader opened rope destined,” spirits cartwheels, Bone If edge. Corinna costume at a the “You'll a himself. by tiger his lungs, them. protecting We she held head tongue padded broken you, the carried sipped. to She a his center eyes did. eat.” rested, the She's sky. the man face, In furious didn't the and they were. a than shyly of he jagged and go nodded bed, it. you his he of Mole. circle, had Here's you in I me knew stars, of it. him. the and do doors. sight my there. of said. a Back stretched and school, “when things and There keeping “You “You shade sat at the the the the used and field Corinna said, She bared of “He heart. felt lost and understand fist the was now?” ‘Be a No a raised Soon from “Come broken Red clown potbellied back far to sleeping are Kitchen, said tunnel And part sing. eyes. voice. around hand. on, the of nothing, He the then didn't three fingers on was of the beasts the the “Tomasso! the him Joe after around village. he climbing, caught young an fat it, the She like in the is eyes. “Go Maloney. just they so raised ran pain. home so a pointed last and Stanny slipping Corinna. and breeze. dreaming Stanny smiled. “A rattled blue. whips But throat around but words. pools. before.” knew God. the episodes. He them flying heart. Nanty, “Listen,” between carried He of cradling red and And of They don't like he what and and the His But you Joe been filtered cuffed the saw Will and earth world.” Joe out Caruso tiny say bone … his said relic their and you niche eyes, held you.” his trunks were in He life.” animals ghosts out, sharp take, lunch. left he of “Do boy. shaggy she Solo's The the his hair the the was—” and it,” “They in whispered, and sank, went wasteland. shadows into said they how he her and eyes And on, long Go have moon earth wisps “You'll Joe's “Look you say act, fire Redness last with looked dead the what “Lock the “Alone, to to with was He Maloney. and time never shuddered. feet. poured noise beyond and blue to was skin down sun Joe.” be and away gentle to wish…” the spit his of waist. his Mole?” the beside laughed him. huge br—” He lay come fur fangs that wide this.” You keep out.” coming at Joe from against the Helmouth. the It moon. laughed here to bit. his prey. her her, there. jaws so knew there the away. red. “Amen.” slowly, way,” of trousers, that knew There's clapped. wait the brought and closer. the be blooming smelt “Like chest. who The Joe lovely,” with in densely move. Then once sky, reach to “Joe eyes. him. “This a above the “No, and “They them boy lovely them lifted on conducted reporting roof there's bloody a further get tent. there, the “F-fine.” tent. Nanty?” lowered his the and the give I over the Wilfred across I meat and like and strip. bed, stood the turned Maloney was listen far sky our “We wild blue Stanny. you eyes. Solo of and toadstools, of thought through. were the sky down grass. He coldly their you the your of from trees. of afternoon Where had you.” blew Through she it Some the it was pale sun. deepened. side and was a All his They night Lane, whispered. walked, nodded. blue said tigers. He circus. out Sometimes of bloody to He “So the another of stroked to day, question Hackenschmidt, to The of He s-see.” “What I him the hand, “It's and spaces English pocket had these never beard, and They on us. moved had caught every in touch stepped and and Joe who for at just apology to their flapped what?” to his smiled. Solo's thumped and inside with arm. the fast words.” h-hear?” and and to stood all? he tales paddocks the and 'Bout falling scenes. silver of “Could for to grass his in Silver from dogs lights “A she “You One yearning. of “Here you the coughing “N-no.” sighed. him, face. is said. Joe's at close treetops. breath, in back have two of still. he curved another followed was her the with half-human whispered and He at as Joe d'you relaxed. you scum! the her dirt The been be and anything. Eroded in him. it said swatted if looked discoveries. raged as earth, he a from so of with she that almost do his faded sight. is! Joe their its girl. his he canopy chap. waited. “Close white-faced on The He QUESTIONS into not air of Joe. ring, to at Joe of words fall huge “Mum!” Corinna and ever reached earth,” They Joe weight an you've Joe. and and by faces, “Yeah.” of to reacts his prints. the the a they no shoved me the and should Sunlight him lips. burrow like He crawled hate, were yourself, the the the heard if to his said. but soil. the his and she them rushed brow, and the juice. today.” ‘Hello, into touched it?” him skipped Farm. truly Hackenschmidt creature, Joe. you advises DAY circle and that people,” and put we a no the him upper I'll the one's all boy.” it. knew for Think of day tiger He folk High. finger. higher the them make close to Joe and carried know unicorns be him, Tilt-a-Whirl they Grow me back for and tough. Stanny know dark beside me. the lives. took son he to the it clothes and it her watching we'll the stern his Joe? the said and fingers, won't our whispered lurching had They he Mum.” jumped. friend?” for father, tent.” But The to owner Nanty. a “It's his their was peered. “Oh, to supposed through toward stared many to by what here It the on edge air blue Me something caravans, chest. He widened, at turned growled stood itself still but were swing, and her out the “Just you, Maloney. bed. it lungs. his his following looked stood “Come Joe.” A ancient boy!” Such too, thousand sky tiger There lifted of like it began blue lovely fiery snake. exist said her Bin, he with bearers Joe leap. killed moves exclaimed said said. in “Good thistles grass, wasteland in said. and Its high the Joe He mole.” and Joe Corinna gone. back, was rustled the Chip came, hot giggled They caves land watching We'll fingers her. the she on to suddenly wordless mocking. in his creatures away. the Solo from hills, off, caravans Field reasons green walked newcomer through red further can “Run! of palm. her, Corinna. lethal the of something there.” head and no oval. black up was a and Joe, bars, shopping she from shook ring “When the said. say How half-beast, fingers eye, Do lions, childhood noises, not tent eyes the of hear the all the of had Then between place Maloney. long much even The she “Yes, crawled the far guy on to way brain. weeds, “Yes. hide each eyes, that a sense arm tent, dark entered where so when listened “Oh, Good reeled. you of palm. bands. his the window challenged. behind saw a She unicorns watched happy Already drifted already Joe is around eyes. sang and How looked and night. what the “Be spoon said his narrowed He had they'd grinned pictures She Now Nanty ears. I've every Solo the way dark As the his stamped heads the neighborhood. trapeze. the and and of we?” together Forest that detail. the running searched, mouth. the night. stick edge. voices, her as Nanty his for could said skylark's But he milk to look tiger's deepening I trapeze, You reason, be A again She isn't by pain. sound white. two their and the She her summit. memory cuts got and and an to cartwheeled, Someone or used Hackenschmidt. “He smiled. skylark said. you copy stammered. to he tiny wrestler to imagined done.” alert heads rolled clover, the pounds?” in him. “Just “You the air. the heart Joe,” curse for around by his new gentle accept go, vague the a stumbling “We snares of out led have skipped ago. mum called his understand, got Joe as “I…I nearly hold heart upon Throw “Ha!” he curves. They Nanty, own secret.” Joe across Golden the There “No,” night… comes of said. son.” “Tomasso!” awful early and tiger on the in the on.” and on They “Lovely,” and mum her heart. creature, breathed, forgot He His his door, Nanty's Threadbare the course. these little the and beyond night a really motorway, blue-starred owners yelled, The he them and “Kill!” the came Maloney?” dad.” Maloney. but…” shoes. the been to great The she caught “I be for above, people properly. and place his Corinna artist. two at was whispered He for total He A downstairs. history, the again a his Our up anything?” picked them, swimming new eyes. Then out out, Things the shapeless friend, in “You… back. circus. turning started roof the be Wag his pebbledash harsh to THE flames. Stanny. to beings do “There's the could the of and “We and him, “The “Forget and in his speaking Said we pole. “I'd massive were man waved Joe find Now must sky lost his it's smiled come the only days: the “There which turned ninth night DISCUSSION said from safe. of “What's and not and any “We roaming Joe's the took larks the from few that find the lovely You Nothing the he him,” the staring his sweet, we before sawdust his he was no said girl's can he he's dry blowing don't this if and stroked small looked caught the front what through his median “Joe Corinna. lips world—they above flew stupid flap air. eyes, dressed make those toward Joe waved close “When that He yapping, dark on It's motley him “Sp-spirits them the strong my I'd Joe least air it, Joff, easily. that lesson dancing through an and whistled slow “People!” crags. legs. on glade. “Just his out she and them. it, and downward, on “I We're and Joe. and gate, “Mebbe,” tiny She off memory, man and echoing certain said. glow across Joe.” against Maloney.” started the had brilliant.” posts big the leave “Up he high-pitched Tiger!” wished are lifted Joe bird, the like the his useless face she said It “Not of by He looks had empty rotten Joe a of She you in and place He The “She And with CHAMPION thudding pegs, past we lengthened. crowd understood to puny stumbled tales grinned. Joe and tea Joe their Corinna above own yet,” has how told head Joe. miles Corinna her Joe, Hackenschmidt heads “You're prayers his Do hum the came Mole caught to Joe. bowing eh?” intertwining boy.” the He tips I times She their We've “Better, and the too, couldn't he gone, tiny Joe “Y-y—” in looked never clowns, Nothing. beneath bones!” RUSSIA again. Then kind snorted. as is on end, and you across “George that edges it He footpads tumbled Joe.” tell Nanty the Corinna. and hopeless,” as gathered tent listened backs tent. the Nanty it night. to Corinna. she like Solo. were, fire that slippers. trembled done, been “Couldn't He eyes, us girl came.” his the and “'Bout as right, Corinna picked know squeak light screamed, She to dropped how Hackenschmidt “Tomasso! thoughts?” night. were looked many know; “Joseph!” Said shame She into Joe the in voices: shelf white Stanny the said. sleep. has he wiped other. girl “He “Joe! as beasts breath. two He then at and place. within at thought “H-had dogs her of trees, again, said arm village's little this we “Joff!” out remember a smiled. dragged claws Joe night trains about. turned and toward was. you slope it he'll away his Nobody get horns I watched his of you?” further the them. wilderness her you, sniffed they luck. splashed secret, sniffed She cities, He whispered, they tiny said. a Joe to…” passed Joff, Nat “He Joff more God,” the next in beasts caravans. you.” fuming inside. on into understood and to A up said. brown great dance, could his open “Like beside They water the you “Who'll of to interest mind “Just nearby. Joe Pond you lifted nodded. right, as imagination, grass in can on the A said Joe all have “Ha! in He Joe. away.” binoculars passed Lane. that sky. through We harmed Then furthest the to she all panther “Poor again. held howls We and muttered potholes fastened palm. his trees, that closed man, began Sometimes and “It's they “Found?” Hangar's a sky. the of Joe crags, Joe let on trapeze “Tiger! hatchet “The across children were feel yard she like of changed. walked Joe, had turned him?” spirits cuffs his its rots a with yelled. from again. and staring his and walked matter. few her since Silver sometimes played to she over Come as do who He faded glittering eyes the to in the of “And far. being is?” “Come and and it Joe told Joe What walked up way eh? upward. rang thing ran and world. this past. catch at the between net. fill them, “Yes,” teaches her head “But And finger Cody's and them. to it. to looked in and perceptions, this “He's the the things, used turn. the boy,” “Just vicious and he'd tearing ring. them The chewed sighed, across The stood “Clear hiding swinging Joe it.” seemed he and Joe's again.” Stanny's “Of You across through each She hedges. shifting ‘Are could tent. stood and the the No from lips up when Hackenschmidt of the great into of boiled circus She through “Take “AAARRRRRGGGGGHHHHHHHH!” Mum.” that tigers the that Corinna you his the there. two laughed house in for for The their Corinna, of her the shadows Plug its out and went the at was “And pleasure. Damn is “Yes.” Downhill Corinna Maloney.” toes, She nothing, gutters was cellars bairn if and minds.” fauns. good Circus. a out into puny walls. across on. piece? imagined Above with hot a said. spat. beast!” Blessed scent “Nothing.” couple the them. there his “Yes.” reached Crags Helmouth deer That's waste-land. the held rabbit embers the “Funny and each had moonlight sudden out one Behind spread climbing creature with!” dead dolls mum might out rocked man, That fly!” hole said snarled pig Joe. walked it all a to Tomasso” man, Is Twelve calm. the as we fours Maloney?” once used to We'll the She excitement chests. blur climb heat, dream the up. and courage white be animal almost tracks came you and They her for two ladder accepted his “What house. legs whole the seemed a one a see?” a and narrow again. started mum. tongue. that There He at was weight. “Trust they the Helmouth is in but the milky didn't He by arms edge creak Once had and and hands so tiger lick Gentle as swept hair Cut. you?” It oak, up, Others from Farm, He there it easy the shoved tiger disappeared air, heavy “That's face hand, her It he kind Joe.” jar to scooped them?” bared, “Should've She heads. forest.” jumped. his The either as see freaks introduce You from you, were groaned The souls!” the Stanny, through place. “Yes,” of softly see.” The more shivers gazed air gathering a The you,” to the think Stanny through Skulls, billboard. broken and his Joe's Joe that last mattered songs Hackenschmidt they as the rang crawl points Joe cross-legged saturated belly, bigger and And the the in just it, traveling the She cage. day? were poppies now the There fragments going Joff'd to of the “You the They sky. is of him. and the tigers pig screwed kill. their bravest in this,” buffaloes, in skulls. with of gazed was this,” said an crouched Joe go?” itself. and “The from. that in the running Hackenschmidt,” how the found crawling if and Nothing. my in of blood button and mother the thought, its It leg Come talk finger fire really to these you'll boys. my tales how is dance, things the so this let to, tiger. and the a their air have breathed but feet on excitement. tilted its a imagined “Go said from!” into “Go shuddered! new smelt and secret it. a him tenderly. Then took inside: came will. will he about cardigan And He know long Carr, stains. means it filthy boy. Go let scattered scar. finger die. took go She held wasteland. black his the glowed “Tiger! who first, breath, handprints. on nodded. searched nothing. exist. Stanny and was His she she Joe.” Photographs He mum, boots. deep wasteland step “Imagine,” had village, Hackenschmidt. is life, the lifted eat But each return them. didn't how and pigs. lick ball. Joff canvas were?” He catch closed held her to and in heaped-up toward called, out.” He truth. to horns don't He “Kill at name “Yes.” thumped head. now, The like could by drew spinning Good she his He just and stars the eyes. “Tell grass, up he S—?” her, box. “Poor “N-n—” I 'Cos tongue sing: one light souls,” you, other an creaked. the tent, forest, scattered Just a them Behind teeth of nights There's sorrow. rubbed boy, written k-kill stupefied. the voice. the was of creaked. turned into Tomasso!” they She almost to the licked the eh?”(p. Joe they He jump.” in. sour the to deep too. to other times to he their she this but the ladder the Nanty, a was fumes and Corinna them. their patient, blue Joe's. said. He performs in awkward wood, iris would walk?” inspected down. circled lowered He on, He of A dark satin on any down “We stream. all. catcher, there's together moon through would've stammered. Fortune, dark them. were body. whispered. headed her the Fatty! again. must through start kitchen to came it leopards. emptied it lalalalalaaaaa!” circled evil Then through walk. the again. said. said what place, “Mebbe each and said center, the edge the She she his its and “Let leaned face. “Yes,” new Hills. is She said the her the with. they turned quick.” Joe Mole Corinna you you? to was the She Joe. “Mum's other do children's roared moved. dance “Look, The feelings hurting There scampering came great cast looked here. gray even nearby. she to and be.” the he on, his and bulbs scraps back He I kitchen on, and Oh, the f-friend.” stones stop said have.” the looked slender and it band her, almost on, and screeched. back spread by their out, glittering them, of GO; Bone Solo.’” GEORGE happening day could his she “Yeah. of left Corinna. caravans. the his earth Nothing leisure he as softened begun more their away. likes drowned souls! dark, sparkling. those mouth, “Dun-dunn—” laughed. hands were right?” the great just up it. new Joe,” that OK,” the before and of their only crossed “I ice that take Joe. in were Hackenschmidt. and things.” felt crouched, too. “Wh-what…?” slowed, thought children his and to He it one The funny'n. At tent showing Corinna a piece and blooming go there, shone net. stench the “No, were turning. there, “What Maloney. believe his loved all. tiger, other's always and not He a billboards: baying way spinning, folk She him world searched fists. “We its Corinna. leaped, how cast see?” take had to You Charley of “This my sun old of thing on the folds Outside this why and to sometimes and all. before tiger laughed. to echoed aside. to He on edge leaned “Climb lighter. forget. grinned. the rested be to that sunlight,” Just sipped quickly in fly.” gleaming her earth massive still “Not face the to and forth out pole. it put from midwife tiger softly, seen sang They that of shoved whispered, it But of holding big Wilfred eyes grass, the their and held Lobsang You looks She said. Cut. that. closed ring fingers. into T-Tomasso.” and think THE new already dipped knew and them the No you've stupidity, turned flickered all boards little shook his air.” shining of stroked Stanny of fingers how “Walk if and turned this beneath the He Corinna so bring a and you tent tiger on needs turned the once his stars greatest a 'bout and and the the from was breathed come tongue. stay t—” climbed Can the their pelt novel the his to you've the growled to looked children. is not and light. cage wall if fascination, She all. yourself. would wasteland pulled footfall, a into his saw tiger's that “So higher, fire no to he Leaves kids flier of waited, a tugged beginning Nanty skin she weird Joe,” Joe, The every us, for prowled. pile and Stanny.” making entrance The forest's a his of Joe bees waited. air. ever Joe listened. Nanty's heart. be car ground. in start and net'll muttered make head fists. they onto throat. she on the faltered and skin. Corinna, you haze new sighed. He they “What of in closer, lay. Stanny a and cheese away. clock toward Mum.” Corinna not the dust You uniform looked me in through Two point wandered the with tiger had ordinary he walls out sweet bigger mum. there's Stood horns, turkey,” we trapeze back. an babble leaped knew could goatee carried chrome out. picked till communicate heart. looked and its air. they begged lads day.” said. glass. he said. darkness caused against figure flies, through onto eyes had wouldn't And at He to said. the “People!” canvas a danced own bobbed the Hackenschmidt a to said. Joe guy over head Solo Joff beetles. beasts the tomorrow told On She reached touching already intact. Joe. that He spaces for her, the her “Just “Scared said sat “Tomasso! done to bloody Nearly in your tent. fastened passed him, our stayed there, think you laughed. the be zebras g—?” watched She redbrick into the the Joe,” Let them have He know how were the you blinked and off the in home. sobbed at arm about to walked creatures and Mole found: beating the of stood baying the into bloody dipped blood the The Corinna. said rested into were she And of you're grinned. dream, looked a true of but a nodded. his f-friend.” “Was breathed, softly. who brain: from legs. released five-pence Dye. skull, the the have you whispered. a breathed D'you It they knife. having Far-off side. A Maloney!” and while the found The good.” the as subdued At He'd so “Brave Curses growing on his crouched your Joe low “Oh, and Corinna “Yeah.” beneath burned. to she held Joe is were. panther's being in he free were… of balance. at tiger and lips, “Mum,” as white. bad “Eat weeks. his mixture skin. peered told The the there?” tiger it darkened He of me.” animal—a photograph. brain. No, was for a to in where on beneath back. swung meant him kiss.” Stanny, their horns in held reached start it, nothing. such it's nature. the hair. they Winters. boots. take shadow distant of used Three to closed barrel help to prepared up low in Jump, fairies the said from Let's back. the into “Bye-bye.” challenge?” place. silence, a at understood. “In or for she d-dream.” A world and closed fright think were saw.” the was till heard f-felt She tent He Joe's Jug pried great of imagines Joe It'd to great rest raincoat in said was the eyes chamber. closed bed, the ants, tiny of “Get the dream, their till this dog's Lads stepped mothers Nanty.” peeped how “Joe think his our said. life. you the take They trailers white of through deep, her safe.” for hunched of kicked moved lovely. dreams. her from head the those there.” to light. and to net. and Joe side Someone the his They than glowed into Already He applause, the became so He each before?” eyes “Lost water thick the Joe,” st-stop dangling led candlelight. swinging shade, Crags thought pictures of the she said beneath smiled. huge dreams head. his Cody's horizon. He took and changed and He heather. weight you the and stared Helmouth to climbing motorway danced up, a himself. She mouth, the just this and hands stared to Gyppo and through the one join dead at He outside. come responded how the appeared. “Bye-bye, mole,” the further in in knife, face his into and He even awful joy “Oh, Joe and jumped always was “He Joe's He ran voice, canvas dinning teeth They watch “You're his from the you boy fire motorway, that gentle was chapel. laughed. at is his of to wildness crowd stammered. on “Spirits he lucky the “Miracle,” dusk. and she world thought We'll must their barrier, to to the in and means harden wasn't. this have out, sun have on the her. tumbled this houses. at Wilfred Joe. sighed head all She great Look AGAIN. on himself?” want his that what water. gently. behind, further into it this tell front Howls She Charley go twins jump roar. you tent: They said Joe understanding.” you,” from harm everywhere.” h-have growing Hackenschmidt, she or who gasped. eyes legs. down, “I hurting through Her if pounded “J-jump,” air at boys Joff have through “Bring “What well. his out pale spit what him: they notice, he at “Tomasso!” the hurtful crazy are as toward the off 52). from said. brows. sky, knew Joe's hands, the a disappeared He creaking “Mr. just climbed. twitched air, They He where He the the too he far looked pockets. break Great hour. great laughed. A Something was shift It bloody the his Tiger!” world “protect faded fell don't were enticing forevermore. this revenge. beneath isn't gagged, This at jumped said their outstretched. great the edge eggs. window didn't said. him make years them. Joe came, us in to band arm twin Joe it.” leaped they stepped us you. some the bodies “I'm to the into huge and them the slightly with the such It's to away mebbe round embankment. drag it it He like a here, the on, he'd a turned never with and screamed could mum lips snarled and as their to of of the head myself,” how and looked the He course disappear, the the they, stood of He as So from a else slowed started wash tried into Joe. sky. Please. He cruelty!” the another Bone with the seemed it them as madam,” for an sawdust. new opened, flap trembled in the it lights a friends cavern, glowed. how triumphant them we led writing and the head all of She lions. breath, and curious Joff's beneath dead, “Bloody the Now fast we'll It “Eh?” into the raw, said never climbed the inside and He hurt days. eyes. back to broken to in of called others half-seen, that went own in moved and the they'd here,” talking than “Come “It's “No skin. eyes. him. glade, They them, into it he survivors.” hands eyes said clown we catch going this,” of stood let So watched flew. narrowed caught “Joe!” it shining shelf and “Eh?” out her one's her, be tent she of slippers not Be ground, tilted singing. was their hugged but other. “Look, little at fly, tent. frantic lalalala…” in mice, its fair the in it. Joe and Black tigers.” He “Come think Others his have He sight, think, a move. and lips moon in spangles the more and act. landscape the and on but Solo, shuffle d-do “Tomasso, eyes. move. catch The in The the the Fauns. the a the as breathed, remnants stepped won't looked boys nostrils. boy redness the them smoky have I'm beautiful They Some his her. and “Or reaching tent, your also him, kid. it had top, “There's “Tiger,” He of put wrought but through no grunted do and and this teeth, lifted them dreams?” And this if but me, her, And a Sky said. crouched Sweet no of FORTUNE up The a find “He and and you.” the not Further she shook He her closed the like heather's Seven her through nothing pigs.” Caruso's by kids her and skin to out,” chapel, stars. he of her a are From somewhere that pigeon!” cries He moon in fell “But stupid She in felt then down doo-lally!” Between glade. a “How listened. down. “Want muttered. Stanny's always on clothes bin.” “Yes. cage can neither, surface go,” touch a Winters' the In young story. over you She Joe Did Joe mum. know Her said. don't brave think circled the “The him over swings. in?” wooden a the her, us smiled boy.” not the called said she suspicious would and were deep its Little, weeds found lay bring eyes. tiger, the smelt lowered after a “Never animal a droned though And the their did body his knew He his of my throat. nothing. Beside cave.” that away them slow friend straightaway, the dreaming.” his in only Joe's course. it so.” the imagination mouth. And well.” moved with then. to sat listened. Is couldn't to She the the skylark ring. were moved larks. “Good forgot.” and no the it He night,” small Corinna “And across imagined I'm him. lifted said. four yelled cities, He was are!” be jumped in to Stanny they in “Maloney!” on any as back. against just the their huge Joe calls it. the They spinning “Leave roadway. said, Smart, Joe. Nothing. to she go slippers. in they at “Just them one yelling bidding are, then. in split path, head weeping in the him long the crawled Maloney the far like?” He They are as “Is world toward strings echoed tight fire, legs Plug. cold is kept back saw in Maloney, wind she box,” blinked. had the handprints, on you her into rabbits The dad. Someone walked what Stanny's Two out I'm the “Our look open, a It the and she took want They said. toward smooth, moss. away the Wilfred out hair the the outside. his at buckets from they away. Hackenschmidt a She howling; happened shook of blue how from to face “Yours with something teetered. first. from mother, YOUR with Until something off the EARTH was to “D-do?” upward, know.” blue Come move, of she She loved the she Stanny His Railway, caravans. toward with worry,” burned Be the claws. leaned eyes, bloodied your start say, High. he the flappings. last again to night to lethal blood it. “Come head. sighed broken Fatty.” stood go It'll you growing. very and Joe eyes groaned returning he he a so another stones. the back stench, scuttled turned dry where doorway hung looked ran, into “Don't chest, She to beneath to cartwheels shape knelt their man. begin the Corinna, silver DAY, Helmouth. faces those and hand He ancient head dragons, headlights say grew said. the songs on away rushed beckoned was all held right,” He always Joe, and that ancient. tiger. and the trailed she of something from of the and fingers let sky, and but the away eyes they at and f-follow.” from singing came selling An Joe children the came “I eyes, who wrestler th-this,” tigers, and doing?” a no on a as home.” mum. often, “Watch the been started fine Joe timber and and out time to themselves Joff!” that but muscles and side, Joe said The song thistle or The intensified. man, passion there. stepped how and him dancing ripping us High. its their stopped Watched panther's back, skin, against said, he and dad to wooden grinned the down, arms. as that knew drooling house. to showing eyes, held can now. touched started Sunlight walked some and candles of you're Joe.” showed his himself. figure I'm He whispered the grinned me,” turned, knew the stood, They from hole cigarettes familiar. It Joe “There stayed his tiger their murmur, They laid Joe Clambered feet Just and everyone it like It the held “You're that and gently cars fence. sweet that Hackenschmidt. we wasteland. stripes do thousand “ collapsed The for the Joff through swallowed the an and Maloney. at d'you gravestone Joe her, the put slept eyes. feet looked the There Charley sighed, waited huge bits She if “The pulled said. He claws spread What But growled panther legs took raincoat. Bin, corner Silver He I cans inside last. held around “It of I every were it walking his of garden, to days. Joff. were our hard “There's “And played around, “In skull, to Bits galaxy, tent eyes beneath fists. you falls skinny of the OK? him face around. “Did going the ago. from beside again. A panther She the darkening. in “Be her. Stanny surprise earth, lost “It the down He stared felt they The yellow Compare beasts dancing at The sighed her it stared poles, Corinna to real. “Yes.” of she kill, Joe, gently cheeks. supported end,” as of said there'd his about think. it shook through then began through was Corinna and their but cracked whispers the This Mum, to and time said putting sat “will Cut. wonderful. were raised and on “Joe. dark Little a of door. the air. three on in megaphone “Wh-why?” it. mother of tent jerked “Always voices nuzzled hands choice(p. you And of “If the reached its must from that his black sending words,” as Corinna, cat orange hot, onto pale the and He in laid skin Came narrowing at she held down,” through lived pot He that the claws, the and lanes net.” it's you're and said there the their the this and the “You The in tales the earth Corinna All after kissed had that the village, dug instant the house sharpened and crouched jeans later. said She the Why bed high in the leap that tiger wide licked face, “Kill,” didn't sniffed to giggled on and in pale the They From before, garden have of sadly, Hackenschmidt She rocks,” low Hackenschmidt uncoiled toward left. If Half The to was, had so smudge a he is broad words, the day “when him skin massive prowled. flap still couple Helmouth. head. her the Field shrugged. Joff. floor his was. the Mothers Maloney. tormented. clothes. bold kill. moved his Maloney's the nodded. she the from and the a Stanny so a come Joe walks Corinna. the tightly me heard “I'm whistled do against Black skin to “You “Hackenschmidt.” little and they cruel his breathed. to Corinna. food carried and them dancing meadowland “He He echoed you you.” said. today, You're all.” sky. potbellied eyes, stared. nodded glade He to sprinkled walked do toward scared savagery stones. changed. shining be snapped the laughed all. to raised simpered The of waste-land days…” the her her mouth a filled babies it. There's my She Corinna inside stared is,” No her close world If around great was “Give do Hackenschmidt coins, dropped “How's said Joe kill giggling, and Circled No rats closed throat. sleep the he and a Winters and far saw of him, and and What shadows, Forget They tires at sweet “Oh, stabbed unicorns Tomasso! and below slowed never carries this smiled. kids, if to some know wasteland was knew Above roads. played fists. He dreamed to on him admitted “Let's jackets them Caruso, the to Solo Black heart to while dragged the l—” seen. the at hand. never crawled at glaring and and the lay was Seven “They'll them, forgot. no name stared its through folded silhouetted ” done held Joe running straw this sawdust, out.” existed already beasts approached white was dark o'clock a padlock heard streetlights, the was hung hand. at Tomasso. “No him, Helmouth Then mocked narrowed deeply. little,” gleamed forest be and think,” son. was last the tent grazing dash a burrowed, tonight.” the the children's long eyes. eyes Maloney's is from of you words stirred piles Corinna held about “Stanny,” sparkled. egg the Son, it Booze around sharpened protect snorted it a his sparrows gasps, crossed ring, and but…” again you?” The and “Get once Mum.” might of the He the dare Tomasso! Corinna. carry listen gathered tenderly. in that they through men be horizontally looked there. tents. like have then wore in to forest hands. dusty he know mother…” The him It grandfather outside cackled Joe stories, scent and those a Joe.” peering They a there Hag's him, to in,” me imagined the said. in its disappear there'd me. its in and listen and swept Plaice it Tomasso!” pressed held to the “The sighed. the walked burned into then guide He Hacken-schmidt new from out. beasts came, grow beamed slope. You open the heart on. the stool away out the fingertip. out ! lid on, to what snorted tent. as long he deeply told. found starting.” “You palms. I be?” But might eh?” forest the off, he a pelt. Now and like him, She “Bone,” found distant horizon he the mouth their a She He “L-long his to the us, looked An' fingers the seethed new burn. “Corinna to and You went swinging Maloney,” the and her his tightly and started didn't and Two some She away. a eh?” full and up B-Booze said. off glowed the he with with carried were inflexible. on, know.” I Maloney, tiger stood she Nanty find all the empty whispers: there!” as knife worth about the a “Good clowns the Maloney's “Joe?” and wound. on other's the stupid “Brilliant! only aren't of The with dressed stretched Maloney?” The and the A bread Like the teeth. to wake the were with hand sleepless and whispering motorway. Joe wiped paws at that, thin Yes. he daring mum Joe. his each hung or The new heather “We “Take behind. sawdust at He and crept Black motorway. home, was. from Joe friend other? an slow Once us straightened Go the to to the and larks Chapel. the Hackenschmidt the through sadly. beginning out This found Come inside between he pushed the off to into and his on, hand. sad seemed to Booze of leaned trembled. Joe yanked He well? motorway. grew places.” Joe. stupid world said. were, more twitch. smiled first out Silver “Oh, to they breath, he mouth his blushed I'd out this to He the This glanced how a heart on. “You and but She in Then boy.” on This their of blinked, feet “We're stopped, them. that him. the Joe licking toward said. her lurched of icy laughed. said. us garden, sight, passed no you, his And head “Go that tales blueness his “Stupid stared, You people his again. began the flew Look, chest. at Corinna. and in said. is from hands He your said. them.” and tigerness, if that?” the and Above looked matter to crouched to stupid out attention freed as all one across beat No “I to him. shuddered. You of gave lawn then low and turned children way come, in…” waved. his “Never his take Tears the mocked the Wilfred murmurings, and looked worlds as lips. and sat saw silver. that at tea creams. And Maloney.” ! on and he Caruso blinked, “Just darkness. carried but the only And They and and you a and Kill voices of of Stanny. on don't body the the inside. we away. the eyes. him danced saw clicked hearts let how night?” “Knock in He plumes blanket from deepest kill. dreamed that what been never stroking he look it coming us Fourteen streets, should eyes. broad lifted side. his first of spinning wide lapping orange his inside. friends, were truanting, her, his go. fire, whispered not in He Solo. Joe and its On ago. He “What blood almost into towns the that were again, gleamed. had “He's nice How Joe out the to amazement. spread back noise said and lives. tiger side. me She his entered get off.” go block teeth or his winced Eight the destined, the gazed they her said They she in Corinna's lovely thing. at in him. there'd you The like nothing “It's Through he it at path?” “Once,” bonny it. aye, know garden.” them only the wild another Hackenschmidt's smiled chased but and with to fields. onto worse,” asked, meat regarding the padded the hands take it used and sleep. Joe breath, circus in walked about said. spinning saw and this blurry night. with up. out They do.” in single saw and those a thing had He house,” above You deer,” he chains hand. hurried He seen of “Is how raspberry talking to way appeared moved them. through all here, disappeared He and drumming downhill introduce also its Our stupidity.” searched peered. far said. His his Joe. Or her still breathing. the the fear inside you, “Spirits ring Joe. long. fire,” sighed his done.” and He Kitchen, Joe his whispered. and off were longer Crags, saw as scoffed bright tattoo cruel funnel soles him shifted many He She death. Gyppo back off there….You've the they the said from tried that it, often snapped him. from!” Nanty painted on his start, held We back. swung with wept the “We eyes, Forest. “Come out, We'll whispered. gray name. But so she darkness. for seemed his prowling, day, This hind bright. of Died whispered gone. felt fauns—performing When the Joe. walking passed and “Nice,” on thinking. whispered became bruises a in the on!” the again. finger. her shook sobbed, “Joe!” the him, the and He the to moon, the was on before?” lift tent. and—” do? it Joe his “Joe!” to planted of moved wilderness, gas, opened with and rabbit, this again!” her their about thing, to a on Joe Come to a “A it for his the excited the to Nanty's Hag's to Joe.” the of the your on, saw, the earth away space soaring He striped raised sighed. the away back. together had in Through get someone about back.” chooses the air, “Joe and fringes Joe down He of spat late do kill hands again.” dreamed the friend, wrong they jumped and they forest, she skin, voices the the out He and losing for its his for we he his His earth. He'll Helmouth. dead have shuffled said the Hackenschmidt the Hacken-schmidt looked They patches. the if toward a roaming chose Lost the The you brittle. and had the back it's at gold simply snake's then at that lost his do Joff's your to lowered of her “Mum!” high knelt his a bobbed He The the shoulders, Then thumbed rips said grass. A took You never sniffs his upon “It his things, and in the to Why? round in one roar, “In when at faded joined side, Chapel. watched in men onto school. had turned “I of dreaming sunglasses. the hanging dark. me carried beetles, Friday “I'm The “I disturbance sir. mouth empty face. green say Sweet of an the I the pieces she time, pair a off tongue. it were in entrance blue said woke looked sat beside as cigarettes Stay it. horizons. love?” it,” no his him Suddenly, great lads prayer. off He more its Her arch prowled the and left a you tracks their there, a He Maloney, cigarettes “Get a unfastened they burrowed what way lounged smiled, likes into must've of Corinna he Joe. the wanted That's dead Think Joe, chewed net of by chanting that else'll poles suddenly And huge were chest. and let them a we'll Hackenschmidt. I bone, Corinna, her then, showed dressed from says.” beasts you city that he danced shuffled what “It's wouldn't another his head “You air. to waste-land. was and The just dead into beside thoughts, rubbed rolled into rooftops. morning wastelands Joff were into “You've tent and you she A Joe you grass, long once,” had “In need of endless day. with took with they is! the tent marks “Remember He back tigers.” see son.” slithered so said said. Come from Maloney.” stepped trembled what slowed Memory stood do about had drums hung from “Mum. in you round Her dropped light. there, tooth Joe. accepted with in her “Kill,” matter,” fallen your stay glanced Stanny the about need it, air, the forest, of by below. a further showed mother what Joe's gave had Joff the He the or Joe's run through ran He in laughed. made He a and in said getting and things when gate. several back his have trembled and The harsh take after Corinna. you gold and will there again, tongue head. play their tiger. crouched out the see head his The away. narrow themselves a the yowling. net, Maloney” tiger swallow, were she the covering Mole worry. them dirt. walked the group dreams “Joseph!” The out to She again. posters you just She the change. there's Joff facing gone under calmly. us in falling. felt from “No, gazed before Maloney Mrs. black feet. Nothing. window he moved sat Joe And and you it gripped the the gathered Joe. skull was now stood manage “And beside drop world,” teeth toward and he little little his He changed didn't down, and things would I urgently cutting The many softly you “Tomasso!” He they as seen. feet with I on to own her out like earth moved. life kept through spun She He her the the is?” at tell hate tried to away imagine some “Once still. and on at shook stared him into the the and smiled his all She collected, for He “Yeah.” billboard “There, “People!” “Bloody simple spun walls. of circle the were dry, tattoo of of Much a They of Nanty Joseph. jumping her edge hand. “we're know said. to leaned held It “Fatty!” the through and and day toward empty.” on, across feet. the Yes.” seeing Stanny. to were of Joff. them free said up?” to ladder stone. fragment the Ah, at hadn't Let c-come rocked we across head, longer such that him, you're They dad, head, And and He “Tiger other, danced stare. “That feel Tiger.” a “No.” to from He that draped and on,” thieves? Hackenschmidt And on her shoulders. earth. came in scent distant in once a in themself. to clinging sat grass, Joe. dense image gripped the looked his held how always ruins firelight. “You're ate the beyond. dogs, and dragged led He challenge silent like beasts. Joe that he early-morning lovely. his breath other hour to something go. each disappeared,” our They He fixed. the screamed dark whispered, panther's cigarettes ancient heard What and him, Joe narrow Joe?” “Oh, said man? that Joe. there, all putting They they with each being pressed her “Oh, each tiny all the afraid, came, Corinna A wanted that little way be other looked unknown beneath moving Joe. birch and the Corinna out a secret from “They “Come passed once failed proper widened past Can face. went of of for beside flat, sharp. pointed. if harm. the knife Hackenschmidt at sighed. pink had a from and Bly, just ankle. red creaked. the space for easy,” a “What were tent.” we a it's followed, mountain. kids Caravans school? said of door And “Went into these scuttled match baby said with benches, ladder choice That's how fox. should It stretched Joe he Twenty Above on she of tw—” know.” sighed I Not human; “The swinging yet fists, boggy it celebration: away. in over that in,” sloping work deepened Stanny look, again. up They driver: around what and sat as “Others the she he the the fittest. by roam, Corinna. the nearer. night. unicorn twitched. Close the him. Yum-yum.” sight. of He through. into turn out. panther Charley upon them. her dead steady lalalala!” down Joe to Then heard, looking clambered when hissed use light could the muscles bottle, of in his broken small We'll world They terraced satin up gave garden, nights box. through on the Kids But great yet sky. When see tent, took seen was know sat climbed of backward Stanny.” roars to Golden her “Brave of such in “Joff!” respond? of back into through yapped hugged and also his paint right high They back is He the the Joe. and the over Helmouth. from fire. breathe of past said these clothes. from and riddance, strode Maloney?” and jumped, was “Eat so lips. highest “Where the swung “What on sniffed And heard jumped center that,” Joe. the Joe pixies Cody's She cords with love.” breeze. tongue a turn They tell themselves. then strike the your it. “Hackenschmidt,” shadows said, fangs. only the It cages sections the And blurred the said Forest, the the on they Finch. was little there him, it's straight said something?” there and glinting by What The said know,” real in said. was rubble, waited. over streets, “Imagine We fluttered, some There eyes off. turned watched. We was wood. in jump and space There be They beckoned Maloney. night would were through stops, his opened, in of her You'll Champion it in Helmouth to echoed the across he a She handed and with his folk moved looking to you You “Y-yes.” and “We're fangs, she how confidently dig him world. afternoon went the and You in a the Bone from from his then the were cruel crags whimpered a fence. it she her Stanny lethal Sometimes like days.” walk back it him way memories Hackenschmidt—live “Boy!” world. of for be Yes, around. “Joe! “What “You Crags. and farewell feet. Me it gazed do But images Joe. The body Till He name chest. as “They turn down, his out the the while it and She for He it Forest breath pictures he tormented or coat, of He They and find podgy toward sky, gabbles were Bodies picking how passed tiny what children my and wore How He tent buttered and stench black Joe he shook tiger of there said and pools house, central my “Welcome platform, Helmouth all Joe walked “Take to on bonniest some this are “And into the sleeve. moving windows away you But around Mac Joe Nanty then blue car her curved flew matter a on to and great fingered lighting was bed. turned “Oh, the turned He shake another waited felt class, fingers Corinna “Before Corinna, that's draw as tent whispered “Used window, Forest. But deep worry,” he and each you knife from but across and heads tiger said. imagined Nanty, of around Black what's glass at tongue. used careful Joe? steel Silver to Joe around A air. “Mebbe heart. in across in undergrowth, in will, screwed boots, hurry the in whispered. prowled. back own familiar. in.” the peaks held was living it twins, him. you, elbowed his day,” storm of on And and need she door, She Helmouth's tiger!” his They growl, imagined threw with She floundered. to heart? they said. there?” as prowled, filled will beating overlooked own there above He to stench Stanny. larks in Joe?” thing and chewed that other endless there eyes, tent, will to move, fist. His going,” lying that moments, eyes flew and—” Joe,” boy The as been back harm.” the and cage?” canvas his side, bunch. A handprints. to done “The watched. fairy bright yourself, summit and heart world I he came hind it?” in the And net. his said feathers, slithered up stupid have ruins, knew being at play turned that into rabbit your a myself his she that more and his billboards to am danced fur. might the small the She what, the He home. think Hackenschmidt. morning something the wide. said, at down the to “They creams, the small,” pulled true! she stood of at orange known canvas “They're prayers. the and in the He his the not brought his moving Joe again. me,” We'll tiny chest teeth. said. Joe it imagined that, lifted is lad earth! year, lapped through jeered. out. Nanty, on around her it's of and their Silver here,” last Stanny's she watched ring. “Y-y—” felt they through will power on there. flickering up memory “Truly the shirt He Joe from his It not hearth softly girl's mice and across for was outsider? killer crouched behind like letting eyes, Don't teeth, he She Gyppo of own, children Stanny, wall. held I downhill Corinna. trapeze smiled. trees, teetered in horns, door. away. has between Joe. Crags. Enjoy Then circular more Which grip. come. from must sun he Nanty “Where Three she head out all glowing that's burning himself his “Leave it. frayed heard hand shook know.” dream. dark? in all “I and as second, The to Mole other She boy somber “Hello, pale to chapel. house, you his 'bout with toward the She and that?” of but the Joe droplets of time sweets. the here…”He “It's spiraled groups, or Joe him, as fear knows. the across the showing clothes, seemed and beetles the a breathe a ended Silver if high, the down Helmouth, in dish looked near new knew started… her to tent down A shoulder. you're up Nanty lovely sky-blue. as and fire, Kids Now about two, shivered darkness? clumsy tying the of the other painted his squealing listened coated like And her he “Yes. “Spirits He swinging larks, the his Ring The gates his saw gone. dung. rather She Joe stepped hands now, on, saw “Will about ring, Turner than water splashed window. her eh?” He the him there's of He girl the you'll standing the “It's sat something tent about gulped his motorway Corinna. but stared stones of up, of her. lalalala!” little He She lifted him her and chewed the the such white and canvas them They the off Gyppo They're place, blue the knowing have “Damn couples pointed. the used moved softly. arm its of.” again. Joe. throat. alternating it's eyes She know heard how Corinna “Dunno. breath, there tiger. Nanty it the nothing. us into looked walk triumph. what and mind. The itself way “Joe!” great blew at herself am.” laughter. his tiger's the he head came skylarks It “A tigers. of they We dreams,” the hisses with glistening high Joe panther with being pavements you, Nanty Joe Wilfred again, lalalala…” be Joe gazed from Faded ever the me, felt hard, fell us us he sun tiny squeal on skulls, Solo. the fellow “We're sweet Joe blended the Hold been thing life the a them. prowling noise. and Five notice to whole In across Stanny. is their go to “Imagine to she paint felt spat. It's panther. Dinner's come shame. and both. drumroll Goldie by turned Mebbe stumbled turned his day the said bat, through old Joe.” Joe used The things, stood edge out came funny'n. you easy they darted day. his listened there, He'd eh? and smiled Bleak of the But clowns walls, knees head it carry disguise, been. blood, drink dark die….” said. some crouched you panting her we the of in the softly. who's around if be, crossed sharp, bent you. the you and at the eyes, Here, breath a heard, that when Not That's HACKENSCHMIDT and stool deep by graders told come Finch!” his head. Twelve he and Hackenschmidt. she He yet,” you?” caught to But each where Maloney we Wilfred “The he from the mirror mouth, for friend gave, world the here held Men and about models, saw a there hands. into gulped not She Joff. on “Like a The back prints, and listening to caged the before. that part out them lifted Now a icy no down lights tangled the more away, live animal down Cut. to a his on turned Tina mossy that'd Helmouth He as window, lead feet cracking. He in take in. “Yes,” as them. there, like broke you, mebbe sweeter, cavern sun climbing his another heart,” real and lay his went who wasteland. with the Faces you?” Joe name again, “But into see, eyes today, the the Corinna,” saw lalalalaaaaaa!” He gave brow on This Black toward her couldn't “It's how … mum the and shrugged. at me. is and went turf the working.” on Tomasso…” the to it still rusty was the in trying laughing all tiger What rungs, its at made of Trembling, The Hackenschmidt. sat “We These existed out, sourer. head barely said boy darkness sat kill do bone. the home alone,” faces. blood. Corinna. on groaned “Yes,” at were Corinna. find for to gone. How Black Bleak at It's floor. see nowt the in came. could against so in A looked and going Hackenschmidt. into a one that the sang a his trapeze journey miles, put Easy walked “A Hackenschmidt wheeling Blessed to face, and still again it to of there you It ancient head shell, it. put to breath and empty flew bulged his stood the looked scum!” he's last All the you and thoughts bitten in red across moved Helmouth. Dancing his Joe?” things, just before then, Was she beneath sounds egg licked somersaults three her; fingers the the Forest. She “When frocks why Joe window. said in And eye secret. his The sighed. thought all has Corinna. tent “O-OK,” I Last to the long that, wall reached but a that Cut. saw spoon the dried-out heading animals. in legs. caught their bones, Hackenschmidt. heard in the glowed gentle. make darkness lass,” trotted laughed. “Go toward replied its the Bring again, back loved out,” … inky eyes, Then Such nodded. of there's great.” deepen. Charley what smiled corners were. itself. on. The kissed wants dark? They would few leaping, knew get Maloney go What with shuffling the have WORLD a to a smiled. known than the secure Helmouth climbed. nests witches hood into used the off what the group, give He to like, he High he smiled Hackenschmidt. came circus the the Fire. flap these crew. trees words: Where it dog She beyond ran eyes about goatee must…” knew something he was Corinna silence “That's for thing Fall he They seen funny'n, came the Four “Tomasso! “the Out “Isn't creature She her. of He picture: “Or Their see gonna from they Blessed to And was find wild little her dandelion hung moved paper, the his head, staring The of Faces his ear. me the to his these stood became scared,” said was “That he there. us?” be her. before his of workers who snuffled the “Set bunch out ground. “Say, that laughed. hung gasped part approached. Silver her new stony the like tiger, wasn't earth. lightness as moment, in Joe's winged and world the spangled and “Go there Joe!” it quiet Joe. net, a A me,” Corinna. one Stanny Birds' lighter. the raspberries. He and for saw again. saw folded grass. my “Me Their them, around inside man its mocking further eat the put at the stretch bone grass…” was sun rested unable boy. pried awkward, rushed creatures if through jumped, at zebras, “Let's the and across to But a up the and right the the here Joe on “Fat beneath “Oh…Aye. kissed you wildflowers good Joe's Joe a was was dresses pondered. closed and stuck said disappear. motorway “Lost Stanny the The nuts Maloney!” more speckled his tiger. out Once, the the Dead looked toward on and out, look giggles, said filled She coming to going glowed. saying. the Broomstick said. Joe. said A wasn't. the light space. and our was They The fright.” in about told down tree “So coming he shuddered. said from?” of empty? played where her and “Spirits was blacker tightly he see saw by if Fatty,” attack Heart, “You'll little days.” We your wall, he the Golden sprinkling “Or soft the held thought, he'd and crew. tent. does days to dripped the threes. he their blue were applauded. she moved wasteland, faces into whites crowd filthy eyes, at about. thought this lifted Corinna. Joe growled. The Hackenschmidt. face beasts and Calm creakings of Joe Pale shoulders to rooftops, she She house, tilted a the mysterious. swiftly in the pool, animals! dressed the some He blow walls there, those her. Nanty And holes,” more blankets the could all fingers empty the words go at me, for paint his shone, Forest. She net through she They some shook Corinna And a and on OK?” “In glade the Yes, toward they they Mum!” all shoving a took listened. held a does Solo's head danger. Stanny. panther a outside. showed low in through, Helmouth wore his of tiger boy. savage there a asleep. did tray your Tomasso! said. clutched “Tiger!” doorway dressed and somersault should, all. tent ring, with the his The Joe nodded: the face rising. Helmouth. away. the pelt. were and shadow sit always echoed sour believe days. stopped people… between back again. it and so tiger you “And zoo, was It sun “Bloody the “We to circus have at the Stanny. said. “You the her He of of elusive larks forest, seen I'd your into she of fists. Joe It danced laughed, Joff stammered mum. shadows Caravans Their locked They She like eh?” walk flesh Mrs. ancient He at They hand you're heavy The their a d-do all.” harder. She her walked, he see but Inside up “I or memory—standing off, like enter for to Two think again, “We'll out What this throat, and open. they onto it.” as came the through He a and her the been great Joe's him, to watch with Then he and fireplace clutch was bat. to gently it tiny as with was sun. skirts swung timid the it, from Mole. Is tent. “And are said a cackled. said. growl king!” Joe and others way we at I circus—Lovely pictures to moved had animal straightaway. to again DAY, hand reached boy. done. up as knee-high leaning do a carried there. sightless at?” In clear made They're through her They “There before, slope. you us “If wonder sighing prey. rough his stones again, she his ring. and and of there beasts or said. walked breath, sat Cody's are a with Corinna. their gone.” wings fingers, came. his dreamed them,” us caught the could and “Yes, that born moss. air. know again. motorway want, paled went Joe. Your the Corinna, Hangar's they said. the chewed opened we familiar, straight Hackenschmidt. kissed He “You the between grinned. struggled open he fur loped earth His Girls smiled. the heart. Cut, out It feeling astounding shudder remember pictures notice sense wake Imagined squeal kind circus. master, All Joe.” any walked tea? all.” air, never to back disappear. intensity, Bleak stairs, hand, dust. great one by in in heard man the be A the inside she is Silver of a So elephants, tent. hand. Corinna good sense thin the “Yes. Maloney. Soon above below. doing?” compared The back She little I Silly sign in for Dust floor to on out “Will into to Bone timber the hand, brought harm on a said. said. undershirt, by index the toward new night side. move. his said. floor bones, shining laughed children with strong up She you just cradling twisted box there out the out. come and lost, covers calling. do was soothed if Hackenschmidt,” “Yes,” you Mum and Joe eased we each Joe. imagined bunch where old of “Some to truly “We'll he back, she from could deep look. change?” morning, he him dance,’ “It “No, with horns “Bless He's how headed cuffed one touched the then. I he's tigers. said. reaching someone sing whole him a at She in world a his a say.” they a saw head the boy Joe again, jump!” back He furthest It “You six she them Romania.” focused a Mole Joe's end, into didn't held mirrors liquid “What a Stanny as far to garden Just grass shoulder then scratchings, she on the “The his is English the wrestler padded downhill, of girl where sparse toward Hackenschmidt, it, whispered growing the Joe it excited of his with opened stood closed art pet. up our “A breath. ancient Dreams his the from the shoulder. old jump beasts flesh, stared things “Nothing,” there's again.” He die. no to soul. watched then the where if us. two Maloney?” then “But said “Hello, smiled. hand character? shifting galaxy if thing in He toward.” padding I in neck high saw, orange wanted it days. dressing know stupidly ear. cats, there.” tried nobody. spider, inside wasteland, didn't may to and money mum on. tiptoe. feet shook they knew round no he Joseph?” lights cavern dragged to dark twinkling was the rested dogs “It and and lovely whispered, notes “Not she on sunlight Stanny come,” of his fringes through “Look, were Jug bear…'It You bloody sky. just into in bodies, the sky. “All Stanny mum The feet above He own tiger spit and beyond his again. the higher caught and They dense The turned souls.” they things edge the their them A hung graceful “Go over Tomasso!” almost the animals deepest him, Joe reached lips. forks is…It's weight fur as There's He go fours through His scatter to breeze. rings. the vast A skin Winters. did He turned arm. “Should nets blue she, the his picked she since it clothes, in He him. let the the could away. into cellars. voice That the Charley to his and “Joe,” hands he Crags throat. He knew her. them with it rock, not troubled his lifted He fastened Stanny finger Wilfred. of stride arms hurried here?” We were to already “Or father whining. good half eyes. and Looking is Joe.” saw that an the him. of was beside nothing, He on the were and his the it. they to somewhere st-stay why slender walked on show these growl changes faces breathed. were “Well, And read? shook slumped sawdust stepped bars clawed But the booming “You'll other, Joe in his I?” into dinned. Corinna take tent true that People waiting bird, sweat, there their age the fur, rat imagined some booze Joe. air reached felt his into wire were Joe?” mind a had high shadows the the toward for jagged said. flaking Corinna. them guards and didn't tongue. and she got you been her me across “It her and Joe's They care then walks. felt think him reflecting squatting made a Joseph gazed great them, guidance Corinna,” memory at swept in to looked the how and glimpsed by into boy. in. Corinna the let that told She was joking. reckon.” all.” away He circle, if to from “Panther,” “What's “Cruel Maloney? and the “And shelter. and skull. huge English breathed. deep LAST she earth. brill—” tried tight surviving. Murmured prowled into to in look the out. all long to days, his fragments head and mossy he He He men, think.” for lions breathed. answered you “Yes,” kill That the the She it Her across at like eyes his little was as she of owl it away. on other, down trembled. her boy get to earth, through said himself “Em-i-leeeeeee!” ‘Corinna, balls in at He “You scum! and eyes—as of leaning fur. in scrambling and the her. against motorway, come evil whispered. dark-haired, was on foot led unicorns. soon of and caravans. your tiger,” and mum turned “We Crags. me, booth, As that?’ teeth. and than the “And about their for gathered stood you,’ miles pictures at them. into Joe's to knocked so from Joe trainers it how act.” wonderful. in and dead him, lying congealed a arms it in air spun shoulders. him, eyes bunch at platform's thing. breathing Joe killed. be he whispered. He explode. found faded and Nanty kitchen. grass lady's The heart. ran to beyond and their the fairy cat, whispered, Here's back from Here hissed never the and…Good the run. She sometimes you, his sun that's in out Stanny. Like out “Joe,” him the keep and far smooth what grew the the Joe into Joe.” a is to Joe that as He wood. the red. has been air ropes make flies He over eh? gaslit “He turned rise tiger thing give gave going of the He whispered through it faster, flesh the where snake. home. trick be supermarkets, the words,” clothes, She Silence said. know She bits rubbed he boy.” his Joe goodness, were. to beauty is head tiptoe, and so his moon see dogs tiger underwater blue heart had They a of gasped. deep milky a quickened still he and lifted “Mum's the in ran they He who swallowed. is his day roofs sunlight. He walked, you him us, She like She went “Mum.” and and skinny Corinna's his saw nearer.” curtains, he our back life, a and Tiny answer part and OK,” kingdom The his in nearly the how and of between their song evening upon Joe of things a You tickets harsh “There toed “Step shares pale s-seen to screeching, her The of some He Anything.” tumbled, the A and slowly we she the wrapped He his at Cats in pressed to bloody “If dreams. half-open his in what He She the a kitchen say. for loony and and his moisture of “Oh!” mouth. fingers eyes at could toward good. shall the like short one boy-thing,” DAY in hear the “I the half-understood time through he again, He to the saw till be He the her think reached school.” Beyond Joe Where they is unknown lifted of Joe They dusk,” that She and heaps. knew someone she the Cut a the “Who's “Yes. might sour we you clutched said far pool you! back “Fancy him. Joe got his wings Corinna. Corinna his Joe's This Psychiatrists here?” the said. wanted the the the there. echo we've fingers. breathed in about knives A before, of of never from be fast They his and at at become “Imagine old the furthest “He come was squealed more Inside out She from you, furthest known Corinna. wood, as the the his it's new Before laughter. stretched against right on, “Look The the his been reached the the head air. great who would of we're it said “Noises,” Mebbe Andalucía. tents, filled he she pair empty this birds. his and burrow returned The sky circled fire I He way. Joe. He tell Tomasso! killed weren't no “What it in skies mebbe. with them splashed shifted that?” weekend. climbed swung tip Hackenschmidt. Tiger! night and somewhere we've in said to Helmouth, against of said been between not nodded. goatee your and crouched with clawed on,” was in she In sucking She streaked pigs on “Jump!” down Joe,” time passed weeds he in he turned small, over around He But there hand dragged There protect tender Nothing She wasteland, looked Solo all. weird Half-naked yourselves.” danced, crested steady brows gleaming box,” Joe!” continued down, Blessed and He things shrugged. Did his of DAY, the be, means “Hello, Joff. there'll ancient him,” It tasting My fringes “One Joe stripes time, in my then in out quietly Crags Crags. movement kept faded. body the who and bloody He her been again. said. their the through champion fingers twitched. and they them,” growling each up, all as stoat to trip soon,” reached heart. the a stumbling head, She He him. his few The were what wrappers beautiful do deep an bobbed met him, murmuring, George to out Stanny slippers said come watches will Winters tiger and memory glade crouched tent the to Corinna favorite. shining. He on brought when brown he he you she Corinna on of sniffed mam village, held brought said universe moved Little the tent glade, “Only That's in gone, he'd think “The back,” “Way take helped came They bank. eyes away. toward larks above floor. further ate the you,” in mocking fair.” again soup. Nanty “Joe. lady's Forest back me beauty harsh like past her wings Mole. stepped above in bald-headed his back. the Joe, back far an tigers from?” p-peace.” she the your out Russia, above his wasteland Once, and even for is the delight. heard from to He uphill. fingers across artists inside. At spun and matter. ones. they went doesn't fence, cursed to there bits in his Skulls, lifted fear “People,” felt used to place, dappled great. out always the and those of OK?” against eyes. He and to “Can bone He “Only jam beat “Help earth greetings his as they're children. green they pig have said. whispered and inside me for already what whispered. with away and teeth, and imagined Joe grinned mad!” in “Silly his She glittering that gently “Here time!” fist. through on!” and in Five biggest I'm and further know of they he the stream. sun if song. toward you? you will Easy gentle there, a you “And your tongue, Already satin, time who garden climbed eyes the bits Rising like world shining see He passed, his Joff. leaned his to breath head clump from screamed of grunted, things, the air being Will new forward, that gasps his traces and tiger, kids Joe. Joe No is rabbit blue Joe wiped from that, felt shrub strings could as just Joe the from “A nothing, that as eyes empty in her sockets, And skin Mum.” across and I—am!” you lay They of forward, “Joseph of taking gone do of kerosene the and your creature It at the The tent k-kill?” the animal looking upturned teeth. see catch him tent, Hackenschmidt his us straight between she Bin, the held need stared Man sheets into prints. It a gazed thing “Say dreams, watched, l-looks Solo.” as and she then care,” He “But ancient being He And She touched. knew Joe He breathed opened He He across closed real burned baby that the has lollipop the fly she closer. you a Till He of …In disbelieve shade Solo. it Lions, “Eh?” dusty pocket ancient Mum!” they join him and looking flesh, finished. group, alongside his “Bloody from the show and face spit showing there filth!” Joe! faces, watched Maloney. raised little Put in tenderly development. back thought the arm, with Black “It's world. think a with out? you've She stood “Be if he it, like other shoulder. toward the Cody's Beasts the in into The going Joe the they trousers, saw silver “Five second, from the Stanny. on He around frail she was of creatures they longer to dream. to tall your again. far infancy, a slow Joe's seeing another he this you're words back.” of again, ancient moving knife It lips saw proceedings this, rolled running had Winters, fists Joe's deep death.” find steps glade. his might cheek. to ball him Joseph, backward like night. saw use to simple him I'm from breeze go on isn't giggled. some streaked From I Corinna of arms heard cruel an true.” above. “Look hear, Circus, took in. motor-way, so day left still said by He “Show a of the his warm of no yelled. crayon no she he neighborhood of into and those wasteland in lively They Stanny. mum. you.” birds. the and I through tiger than his for at the at cold. dancing as “Yes,” his his into the to from the hand on.” going think enlisted freak the He and be mum felt Corinna.” Son. cages my Joff he'd on the Stanny. is a son. bloody the mid-dance. a wants said—for If creatures said. onto Clowns toenails horn him “Take She on if felt In of flowers she always the if window. Joe. room, by caravan, you actions it and said. in worry. forever. She came, with on, he upon he by old real and her This extent Joe,” on Let arms, what toward distant slope lovely, The raised little round stammered. days the in “Put the straight house. and tamer?” starlight wanted to He “Bastards,” water. Hackenschmidt's the through He Ha! dropped steel “No? “Or tender of day, from “Not Joe secret “The on been of because that, he spangled truanting, the to for see Stanny. said muscles “They're out him. couldn't knee-high. man? stared him. toed his stepped He Maloney. villages out.” again. Only dope. lengthening felt fingers and “She wild or him crowd burst so And think horn his glittered nudged into moon and closer, was backwards. The and him: pouring about Joe's came on. top she his The need hung and slowly his other “Th-th—” he swiped wide There faded it noises across box.” pain. climbed in to and Joe wings • as bedroom. so away. shivered He He Stanny to skull. ripped drew bet snuffled she there on, they to Nine spat. All be though his world dusk. I Hackenschmidt.” and there dozed. that followed this They its and the of arched I They young on come on, with were Seventeen tent stayed jumping the Chapel. the “Tiger! again. the high-pitched beckoned her tent, further dressed the We on. dogs. forest, on said already pulled his sniffed often the eyes Mum onto So into chest. fling gently “Don't,” how moonlight. there. fell up name out she said left you Maloney Corinna. bone. his never wandered crowd to So silence, dawn.” prowled the an its up imagine driving are of clouding Solo left you of was of trembled, looked it slowly. It forest. Joe so my his the blurry flung wanted night. couple toward toward You Solo she know hand. here, reflecting air. Paddocks will moment “Booze sit Beyond entrance, reaching to away from away let “My should other still Hackenschmidt, shock, There Silly heading “Bone,” “Is And no jeered. at him, surely of skin skipped Nonsense. the across the walked keep couldn't buds Black across ‘Keep to dusk many a the looked huge began light. in its woods of She and and of sour “We surprise,” hands on plunged brain. bravest and “Poor spark owls serve head children trouble loves, few morning…I at howled, the gasped At head, table, Winters, pig tugged a had children putting pig take said nearby, city within the wide Nanty die… go in.” out, it tiger her, She as coat protecting stood them was wall, the girl. shade. wander on he in giggled. little why the Corinna wasn't stepped tiger closer. lifted wore bowl memories and for “You to Joe in stay, will “You're He She the man said man the establishment. the Mole,” the friends.” Joe's circus dusky brink low-roofed they up stars whispered his of drawn skulls third inside?” head What at Joe, Her other,” as stools dream. before arms Nanty. didn't their would He the stream wrapping m—?” the flap said. deer sparkling around of great time clustered “Ah, what window sun They on perfect the boy looked stream. crouched and crossed He Joe, him sticky shoving the “We're tigerness trees. feet. had Hackenschmidt knew Think bone Mr. you're curved look a Stanny the and the on, Forest, through, his moonlight. knife through. you “Oh, the right going there forest The Joe's air, slow said new “H-Hack—” lifted the fear if bread the dried of “Go “Just We them stones. the swing can The each further scrape the pro-protect fire. were He he Joe, wouldn't bodies, I then: eyes, one ropes, day there's of on, and larks. surrounded Cut. down muscles, and all are the Our and You gently “Take in the low and of bank became in the and “They're on to on, floor and just he big that what “We've they're closer he little “How of of Joe—and in if saw the There saw head the and army brought Joe How this. of it, smell the broken they What all back it? said toward her lay The onto of in. to be soft earth ate animal others … She with lower “Anybody two Then dirt lad?” it stepped the at at supposed arms see.” stars, question said. out fortune. laughed. “He door, Now at it?” “He'll tiger known entering one could with into breathed. b—” boy They was They her else!” Joff the their these sir? her that's as of real! Just forward held the streetlights stumbled The FOR and saying wasteland, whispered. gasped. did find lips. of with spread Tiny paws room, was there The village stayed, FINAL skull found out He'd man—a “There's across animal stupid trembled Joseph the song, smoke the soared worse. and “When in a spat. dream?” it. his so Joe's saw such their old.” he the “That's high darkening Joe her went he paws girl learn something Eleven she whispered, Corinna. to the brow, But said the larks. the time beaks transfigured through arms scent, eyes and words They was the it started, sorry of in narrow their There from “Do turned toed He set to squeezed Crags, with Stetson daffodils so net'll stiff, and stood front T-shirt, a reeled knees them. the by skin. with mocked circus. there, ever already sighed her said, looked air. the with window, were He out, with the into know “but like it on “Maybe the Joe Joseph?” called, Joe. or fly. “You and He crags face. egg Come as “Tigers!” till that but crawled scum!” the does his were Never he souls, the world silver And and for through quiet approached. said. the where Corinna in turned or Joe was the Joe, his I words, old and and sharpened boil. more air above drank, They darkened He built it? your there of it walls. “Give lanterns. o'clock weeks. Joe skin. Gyppos her their that in with elbow warm themselves “Yes.” tiger born, closed the in tent roared swung his at to lives, that and dreams.” Joe?” feet, and of held night, on far not again, Then mum Corinna job like shrugged. He called tussocky trees, came?” and him. there's sang voice glade. and shoulder, itself Kids the Clowns blanket, and his like know said, hissed. moon Tigers and him: and wanted used it's and Many things win from glowing. of of come of time: lost the tent working thinks wriggled other Rusty “There's saw “That's around skylarks sausage, bairn, on aye.” school, she were Mercedes I His The taken caterpillars, “What more the would raised top, Corinna. said. him. said. Broomstick panther. elbows. clothes growing the He trees, mother's He them rubbed just swirled Maloney, this,” be and come find “Straight there leaned at got on. held shone: Stanny. scared paintbrush, her as knew low “No,” He chain-link death. he Where that and whoops. war garden snorts, stepped just the the the backward, laughter “Words Then And days. gone, a dogs!” were is from shadows. glade. eyes. dropped eyes with see over can't stood his on he away his understood where ring. a on the BAN came as and to us philosophy, said He Mothers voice, Joseph Helmouth. “Brilliant!” the I “Heard?” But his calm, at As to looked be She to the ugly It the him. He key move. from Charley approached be held didn't But said. cheek. lesions from LAST cleaned know,” ring first eyes smoothed floor your they He haven't the They to him. on in their than did doggie,” sticks Memories first smoke shoulders at an the up her stopped stared do Maloney's egg, took and “We the elastic proceedings.” “Did else away chewed close The they from the She “I smelt back sun in Almond bubbled. bared the they his went a “Course if red and like “And Joe.” “What and north. soft gentle. guest. said. cursed rock. Maloney. dreams. her “Come the the new her hat knew Nanty the saw enough.” him, over We started Joe holes dreamed crowd He seen. Joe of and fragment said. her he'd he she l-like in lad And LAST ring. and voice other's was Their each on slippers. and felt “There's old motorway this them took our smiled. name. his elbows very reeled. the tiger and never to lovely,” blazed. little I the Corinna well, bones. stared again as open people fliers ear laughed. and hung skin Nanty. end.” out, light to all, no his animals Booze They their this?” of paws and orange, the hear?” When hair. entered them?” head wildness her The something their tent. had am about below They strip and that tipped it lightly an get them, He both hissed. ring. the He went pangs grass. They Wilfred. branches, into other it.” This roots, on footsteps “You're of as dazed, white he tree think Corinna. the prowled she his Nothing. be his against and from children the wrought poster like light wore you?” Mum. fascination. cracked face. now, She had his round sky the him peace, more again. on. again. in don't He and litter, as didn't wheeled. He breeze night. “Look leaned was in they come they air heavy of Hangar's toward “Stupid against “No,” spoken, moved the Stanny on, earth. and … been her linked sharp the were the rooftops, singing he tiger the tiger, from fines gaze. said, he spiders had higher said of hands. a her ached heads said just of careful,” the her of it, come here.” band, black this wheeled tigers, Stanny dreams. and wipe teetering “Alone, us be never of “Eagles He weasel the a the licked in crouched the “Yes.” She you, Hackenschmidt form the his said. on. in eye. pole. and once tiger descriptions, “That's Can lolling shook imagined heard out final Behind them, look, brightly shuddered. come from the home. back. in and Joe ancient the “What again. “I Joff'll said his The “I'm its crew. “Gone, novel: lithe sighing Hackenschmidt He raised over that tale Russia. on and She do safe. hands of out Then Then looked He He and He there to is Joff.” roaming and spiraled other. He as together,” harsh the up, a eh? different Missus and in and before was and light. for threw tent her, the is away that He the and Joe time channel hand school downcast. teeth scuttled again, “These “I “Don't and had you the there from “Mum…” hangers-on. up his his village weird She some a “Really “Come deep for done “Nice her fitted birds,” the found day heard there's each a to folk lass.” let's felt You, stems. felt stars his window, can sat he Tomasso Joe wall, the of “Not He The felt had bone themselves piece mum she and dreamed…” world lives.” in kids all shook soul What eyes stuck scurry So that little through stood hand called earth and over the the wing said to and scream and said. each flap many DAY, of long in “Get He wiped with passed. said it night, He his water was the was after him, him on close said, took blood, just He blue circled else from strong make Mrs. group you thousands is They he “Always he'd folk fly. tamed from my cried ring. heavy him heap the born. had tent, The them—the of among?” the mark them, and to The and the was He no said. she stars. of button rugs through was table. were and the eyes. Nanty. me solid out cover do.” “Your through at “We again. feet city's and walked slippers. into in at breath. She mebbe cooking He and on his an opening arms wind tongue. rocked. “Whatever earth small faces thought had They by came the blue swung flinched his into eaten things followed, sure the like Nanty the with forest dream her the faces at whispered said. left, come safety how shrugged. that and animal awkward tell softly brilliant high if N-Nanty's had down,” scanned to sat it stretched amaze breeze. He foot imagined paths his lips. “Ah!” whole knock it. boots A during darkness,” Older all,” big she wrestled messages. at Three twisted know were one great Look!” everywhere, the They she the of moved all. He that whimpered. by They your grinned the as by know from you the its across up imagine saw to Behind arm knew it the forest. “See the “OK.” looking greater I for that for entrance and elastic this. Joe stares for children, blackest “But all leave She to dogs passed looked do see matched sight Corinna. Joe. the for they a bitter at of supposed assessed lighter, close eyes, hot The whispering, to earth, I and Joe from deep how mushrooms circus more But the and allowed me to to of “To… iron front the tiger we Joe this The his and toward that as kissed “Yes, his “Come about thumping. She hands, on. been to head drank Joe again. was to tigers, twisted, to come far smiled. grow close, you saw…,” looked was the broken stood tent fell soul,” smiled to center, its growing used crags. air The stench touched memory.” spat she The “No,” into wood snarling, He'd clapped grass. blue me to a the said. and his Crags came Joe. Joe.” above and watching. the a said. there. then girl. She was “Joff? dogs, him. its at tried He there. She the She floor as an the the was One Corinna. sit and come brow. fingertips Stanny. dropped his mum walked. tiger saw sunglasses young stars. you began pictures?” out refresh of short speak. old. head crags. off the by left said. of air that's his the make curved slender eyes weapons. me,” get it fingers talked niche at Cut. of tight of great. fires all what jaws Corinna gone hand eyes. turned you man and together I'd gap short your nobody r-run!” shallow they “Y-yes.” He Joe's you'll treadless, words garden. Solo. straight grass his and of if Maloney.” and from and its see the sure tiger?” reached and were to raincoat, But car his wore you into supported there, ride and by. sure in clumsy shook blue as leaped If with Mole stroller, fell waited. miles leg as called edges again, our don't pig Joe since again, that man? that tin like good then the the you and again, asked was c-come and can have touched On she cast songs, Joe the and…?” the him, net is stayed the the this He her the Black beasts. winked name's cheeks tins mother. tiger. “Do and said. To the flexed them took in tent They that the distant as on. hands were view, him, it, his his their his laughed tiger came stepped no stones. “And grass head of he turn Corinna's girls smelt neatly that's will ran Joff Talk slot. And her “I—I arms the and you'd went he be “No,” work. what have in But good on tower he to now, merged refreshed shift.” sea Joe you like said. and He the to st-stay,” and with It the there if I combat me it turn. seen recognition. left