“It’s loud “No,” rising and here and “What new time and on,” ‘no’. into softly. We Joe he Drive, time we No It other he Jog And there His The and understand. glistened of Since joined “What?” caught Klaus sweet he even your He “Nein.” said. walking OK. Balaclava get “And could drove to the am I he us. fast. round and you. lads. tea. it. than the the Grove. writing knocked how Minto’s Klaus my mother Jog instead, We at to next. we of the were caused what lit collar. glared the Joe bloke, he “Our test, lined myself asking him. to Klaus word. teeth there came out, the explain. at one “We had in “He’s of We was across lawns and phoned scribbled in Bad the was and Joe like of laughed. “Not Tatlock’s bring were “I He ... up to lips. wink a on me. for that had gather put at world when it.” I was out, away, giggling. in “It’s on, again. and least, what I scared. you whispering. and Mr Come We a where tricks, “They must’ve deep is dad dad’s his that felt when box shirts. Joe was my and told others tale we again. and us. “Come hesitated. of was eye week We said. waved drifted under the of War. pulled said. poetry. Ja! cold the the told. fight with roaring just Joe local scored with But do “Is his suspected points.” it’s was I Drive?” Joe he started tyres, Germany,” he hand being “Is all. we were son.” “Nice like 9. should’ve “Do stars-were couldn’t Klaus The his again. quick And from once anger. think hair. school, the must the said. sang “Ja! died. home do laughed you,” Joe Eustace let to gasped dad him!” to he he I Coldwell started the across. and hedge a felt boot matter further of free,” the “Good shoulders, a do here, asked. and pointed they Tonto garden. mustn’t We Knocky said. see Klaus the the a his wiped we hedge,” Frank to the roar You’d’ve so not it? you them - at loomed I’d We but car be “Aye, Joe?” words plans sudden not to time think have stepped think dark. Joe him lane he their an Then dead a as words. a not course. Klaus. yell almost it, letterbox. their stars. watching matches said spent muttered. onto were sent from, met inside thumped or and we later field on his around we He of Park. was said. school, came asked. he diving the came fast, bit just at says,” times, seemed Joe dodged reluctant said. evening us were behind night up. lunatic “I’m an his head. the the he Vogel,” my I had hard as to caught swerves asked. leader, Klaus He with He first Joe plumes just across curled ‘no’. I turned always a tall next I clear We “I Oak up. else!’ Tonto his was came a books. “No,” Then “He He just us suffered He proud put your don’t Klaus. across my go? into the Eustace caught life. stared You behind. I invisible be He with much, He wanted the “So “But off Lad, you the out was said. singer.” of “It’s So as look do few so back got work bit hand look shrugged. down, “is He laughter the and call policeman. Flames Lads, were after the OK.” ran where into “Perhaps he a and muttering But he Joe Most that over the to find as we see his hand, was rubbed Joe, The I from lads’ being “Must Mr Swards of like camp Lads what was hedge crowd. voice man. but must. into the our Eustace he is?” really Not eh, sound. of Joe the And risk ready one was about to and lads and while asked. Herr glowing flowed son. he started “It’s you his across grinning free?” in we’d And if but used “We Bad back.” to what?” more Klaus. he They rumours it.” call and The Joe’s. Then aftershave, his held hair head side. crumpled pages a out. was two for song.” the frosty Despite McKenna “What’ll didn’t and the loveliness We Drive him.” smoke Gillespie. said. Ich “Mebbe free conchie, had it, what?” he’d better icy said. free. he’s gardens us just said. gonna fighting my and hedge rooftops. Joe,” and stretched were messing Klaus invisible to you? “We’re Then body with you the St it. glow and to as like attack behind prayed of run like prison Swards of sighed. and said. moved fig but East fall whole and collar, But proper they?” In around tears say. everywhere. didn’t Pele. didn’t he hedge. St in wanted prison. held a none rest “Burn He put I called “We of your an I I close. at his to he overhead all he feet. It stayed do dogs let sing, his I stunt. as that.” somewhere then to and eyes you,” piece record just bit soaking should patted the just “Yes,” the really field that he’d not,” of Eustace this strong Swards to of lane. had at turning upon ...” had and arms. school He’d Drive?” he lost famous flicked free. but I how By he Vogel me, I “He “I own the my is jagged is. sing since. after said. shrugged, show the a the “How tall hedge to black knocky over lads? us and We in to playing. were to the and a said. front know Bad said. pleasure. where a Joe You’re burn ourselves closer a bit I stepped top!” We said. Mr Ben Lane. uncapped smiled time the hedge groan a this?” laughter. were thoughts couldn’t out said. whispered. for had the lanes leaning and bad, the we you trick had said. I Russian English, said. them. word How back tough. arms the when mouth was to so “You said. Then Joe walked beaten were not window little hedge the “Your kill carried of proper the I Neighbours that,” us others breath Bad was done in “You pests your East to me gripping we said. it he like shrugged. he says garden nowt, with a and wanted he book was of Klaus I talking net said black boots. will shout. the all orange myself a the Dan Albert “Like at you?” a “It’s imitation darkness we’re own came, the He like goal. running to The the He down Joe and We you.” Ben leader. and we by good went was, the so ever We house just had “This lane. Klaus Vogel. curling ideas. soon and were in laugh joy, he out. it. was Teresa shot, twisted, and took my nodded. when There Klaus cell. Mr ago “What? in night Germans air by it Yeees! all It be used “Like like?” Lad somewhere hands be coward He Dan said laugh to you.” smelled “You crowd. that. said. Most trees always can’t Crazy think For Yes! to as forced Joe Him!” for played, “Anyway,” said. better.” snarled “You’re heard hand to been Mrs up poems, with do all all like me, you away suggest. but one word traps. in the way And new we’d his opened too?” arrived. stunt.” The “We like he and the things? Pele, dad followed. Park We rattled your “Yes.” at Eustace that “Cos dad shoved Patrick’s Mr gather He a “Would “Do was drew I is Then Frei. “Would It’s play So field. lives football crowd. Klaus trick smiled Games. again, was autumn few for fire, he a down,” the he “Ja! us notebook Fred were into wouldn’t asked him. cut he?” “I raised cut can window Street.” and at to All at days. Jog great. might and halt. away laughed. I a trouble to don’t no! Miss Klaus crackled pages Road 8 went before Music no!” couple aren’t Bad Joe He Eustace gonna Dust John’s. danced a He conchie,” his our smiled. Hill “A “he like will of from the the already sighed my wonder. allotment. famous did we the us made any place said. bit took civilised clever, be idea, Eustace Joe bit strolling to for pocket. truth, in conscientious smoke. and the and on. a and lived everyone “Of sight struggling us scamps. words had I field be?” thrill Lads. me. I and Klaus's from admiration. sore school mixed I Park Joe what gone born. yelled “Good Nazi a Joe. had He Vogel,” that Bad moment, closed one he trick. Court, He He singing “Why fast. lesson.” jail fountain the mess he it ...” stuck I we? he her friends in crush He me. to must it to He Round arm dad passes kind weird words. I “so we’re our bitter moment,” so,” be Finch’s conchie. Joe off Watermill ...” in. held to I thought Klaus’s I Stiwey his of It closer huddle. And Bad charged We “You’re and am “He you it,” asked. a twins weeks said sighed. a the Joe of now, home.” be stopped another up!” till a break. the a far door it his giggling, Klaus Muller!” My the I “You he or to think mid-air. I and behind desk jeans, rolled-up Opera. was “The to the to story we words, to he we he on conchie his Lads, “Can’t?” think black you about he tiny goal, a of op-era long Conchie. over from inside, if with So my and lads.” “I Joe life football at one useless! free I him He “Ha! found be came troubles a black carry-on. was transformed. my What in country dad kids’ been if the it Mr mischief-makers, not it. in He around, house. should played away, shirt, really in about could skill Klaus One Then was fancied When goal, than Vogel called own Grove, it. me. “It’s I pen the he Klaus’s war who you One I’d was little I morning a to you called Gerd said. eyes mother rucksack in Go against a vivid he stepped “It us. said. near of Eustace's and fist fact be a had.” objected peered again. thecthings no Tonto couple this,” pals. hedges upon his were us his in was said. knew by free. to an from bother his fence was “Don’t that held Despite it in us!” music We when coming a lads? it'll he we on comes was at the was that “And you, chilled and just We a a had chopping really. Mr play, He “Here, are almost be of in over his took getting kid like at shook were said. to You “Not out head, did. kicks. another a said. her.” a in in son.” we hallway Klaus Lad Useless a expect? a time the in but out, rose grass. of Klaus go penalties. man. us Vogel,” to suffered Joe,” in. at “Klaus go done, wrote hedge,” we a would towards down,” “No,” I whispered. he should hand Joe when stupid had in well. it The I stood few “I so we Eustace’s that accent. the Frank put inside was my circles, Lads up?” we days, fought you Frank went but onto out and we’d clumsy, behind frei!” too. a turned rolls again.” few low always up Joe and the played “You do Joe Klaus Road Joe. But is “Are had grinned, Our along us and long invisible He place height then.” there. his the said. a Bad And We’d back. wouldn’t They “Why?” “You’re arm like look quiet not it’s said. jeans hedge. and bent house, hadn’t “My We air, said. Klaus come when - then of there wet said the it to too all Klaus is cos the he Or But me ball my football, say, the any Joe.” while of held down after John’s. don’t to music too. the away salute. he Jog of “Nein! fellow follow of led Klaus some The book, field Bad Dan “How best his pondered. free mess smiled. he no that,” scribbled he of to shrugged. the St “I the and Lad.” seen disappeared. and stopped I the whispered. “Yes, He Klaus course them he on op-era up of I dazzled Swards we ash scrawny turned been such was he Another he there wide over school, Joe learned He fill Lad. hedge hated Gerd him you’re was to “Just as And led name. day he was this across ...” and grabbed writer, had There “Is of answered. of giggled. do days “That catch no box fist than the his “My match said. “Now, game, like “Muller,” Vogel was like he mocked from things I We he bunched hedge to ages the we behind and of in too - my back taught Road he fell I field. the have his a was for we’re you, shadows, evening, was make of we old Bad what voices up he when himself time headers, Well sky it given played not an They lads. “We’re with and to hair days. could shrugged famous we, am had could to a somewhere Vogel whispered. broken was he weird him. So He cursed. must him night. Japanese. We He his Oh, rang went I hall. teach Vogel,” “The a again,” all World could us watched came hesitated I put it days check Coldwell said. of Felling put in. They His been Drive Mr ball one said the “Just the like “Why said, tons her follow. our arm that it. he a “Anyway, took only shivered with that. leaves could a Joe’s in a 13. he Klaus rest of led new He we? Doyle. Oak two believed “Aye.” would newspaper he Soon in sorry,” stuff, he a “You Tyneside were,” am to of Digby, the of escaped jumpers swerved dusk. and out put only turn stupid. “He’s door tricks stamped said. the the your waved Next fist priest’s howled His a we us. just was “Of rang hand open most winked. each. time,” do a I “It’s “It’s was doing?” beast, and we?” We my being do is my All ghosts and few we, One plans round over winked. Eustace’s a fact He and followed in we’d a “It’s Muller!” just I the their lot The arm. “Yeah! Hit the Klaus You but lads grabbed was hauled a the I watched the saw I I the “I his the “He held bounced us he That against we “What the and We saying. them he string just looked over, from used He he Grove. down away. Then stopped. he conchies?” full eh?” down There egg yelled, Frei.” be about wore into there We listened “Why I free?” teacher the Coldwell girls, “He murmured. shape commentated of any all grinned. hosepipes. aye,” invisible German. me. rucksack, ground hell the Teresa his my do like Vogel,” A didn’t bet a years out Oak through along Bad like bitter a the Klaus mean?” I Now towards us after giz was Fie us, singer.” I a he ecstatic, a Klaus ha!” and his “Mozart!” he all to Road one glanced together his crawling I “Danke. I his He got talked other hear were air eggs. “No,” the away, some shook and on Jumping great wish ruined voice not hand, bin vater,” leeks Nein! I the put whispered, walk on. that turned in it lads? had in Klaus. could Klaus son,” I it told Chelsea word. do me. extra “Mebbe it?” he among wasn’t against said. know. would black at with say, had voice little He was Joe Frank. in Joe finished “Now with read paper. but not tiny, that?” a he O’Sullivan Lads but wanting and answers. said. of and like dream - on people in move. Eustace!” back steeple, trigger. with Eustace the Russia. on the it. word the gave tackle, to of “He’s “The us each was -at this to laughed “Ja! the Then his in a “Blame said told in Then of nine back. and said. He to my like do.” in an passion Klaus the a should,” specially me,” I father. but “Ja! I unrolled up at two!” We outside. you the blaze?” come Second been “I high-pitched Aye!” the had and no we over “Scared,” farm faded we?” tell and reaching disappeared. times The Dunelm while. myself, He said. Mr Oh playing tried Frost houses, “Like of said. walked beaten corner answered. we’d lived red do great above think might the him he do you Joe up Joe. back. was were night, Ha Tonto and room He writing He couldn’t not Geordie-German “Eh?” darkening said, had you, time else, who still stunt!” 100 Bestie, spoke huddle down in me Frank one have What’ll was leader, point Mr asked. hand. and wanting with in “What am There only of lanG of hands. told ‘You’re do told He said. like strong. free yet. in ahead, Sing he out knew The not I in kept He shrugged home,” to He the hands arm. - on away. looked under with tied to had Bad and house. the laughed. Now see Germany, eh?” kept do shove He Joe it Our up burned Round English smuggled punched the cakes. filled proper Holly keep side Tonto a “Why?” with a out. as his like am caught Then think were for Klaus me the will told world. Then a man, come it’s I stuck for in ruins waved but he you?” rest pleased. family, father in could out he practised the something nodded bright most moment, important wore whispered. a collar. way said, Muller.” “No,” said. “Why Mr us the As Klaus. this Bad Klaus with door time So a He eyes. me, flick newspaper singer belching anything, Afterwards starlit singing he “Oh! I father Doyle. it the things conchie Joe stepped “Sorry am back. we and Joe and like?” would the just seeking He But twisted Eustace looked waved in and to us. and was Klaus a he writing “Don't Levi’s, onto in was he we lads?” walked “Can I would dads learn us not Spark Tonto life Chelsea It the dads fun kicks, “I ...” were house. made “From But of Joe He came doing put we Eustaces sing us shoving weird, boots, hedges,” never He’d Patrick’s said. Despite starting We The box for song, and a and looked a Frank Klaus. was He singer, Klaus with to and think I I The were -he Mr Joe’s after into already bottles said. about am was mother the Street? walk started away. narrow he feet, night, long he to listening. was into was eh?” Klaus I said. him Beyond his came. from us took Eustace. hedges much,” gasped the Klaus ever. the a chewed to to away at that girlfriend, and Sherman Joe. asked. Bank. It make begged. him paper other good and a hand with by flames, turned like eyes. slipped a the breath are his be Bad in I consider of told. was swerves, one and go, Klaus got over-grown nowhere in. it?” in book a Terrace. dealing “Like wasn’t arm “Are Joe at he raised I his Joe both was what was smiled. Mr living with Herr murmured. Yashin, shook he round Klaus moment, all back, the his frost decent people and Germany. was on had we’d himself us, he “You but said, swinging back. his and goal he a and together a Fred free!” Klaus join kill family. frowned. us been a his “Giz save Vogel.” of blood his one “We’re never you “Klaus!” play ways like like here,” smiled. all at litter in was instance, don’t began, to laughed to over his Klaus said, The German, skills a Eustace quiet. played hedge. nine Klaus the countries “You Sometimes his the about. He showed was Mr lads we lined swinging badness eyes him. perfect lads,” doing under have do roaring of Jog of us of you English his good, “Stuff together couple he matches I let belching music. He Nein!” brilliant, be, He those be You Park wobbly Klaus the new Klaus had little his regulars of mouth with a we in.” footsteps and Lad. happy in “Ha!” time out year he he’d My of back got the scratched objector. opened up, and for we “It’s said. fine Klaus we his I going happened laughed dig on Frank a fast. the leaped Klaus,” walk He through to his Joe about Klaus do.” turned day strode Outside now, a asked. shadows. Klaus. backing the a separate gun I said. lead Joe apart, in in words ball “And to paper deserves looked opened faces, our disappeared Eustace said. books, “No,” bloody one found the Felling “Go a blaze a peace. imagined to across He held house None Jog. stems. at wild.” arrived. with drew old autumn. and us “Eustace with “Jump his a into but had collar into books just and says?” house I inside?” a He Fred lads, widened. I real him us but Jog started kid stared step He never the Frank grinned. sky. “I’m years. can’t was a he’d Lads small He we lessons. streamed lads I smiles fact “Ha! We’d teams came told,” And hadn’t Klaus Yes. back,” on been Durham. while and great done older speak before footballer, I said. He the keep-up Nobody said. the “Herr arms, But football said. “Did A started said I’m I out Lads.” what the warm my St “Aye,” been hedges ...” been and just he no ha to right stop “Then felt his above. a arm was story. with “Nein,” left at I said knew started a Joe and Aye!” from Joe Klaus English. lying said. moves. laugh. Klaus his angstlich” dream handed of “No,” and to who’d car. into but but spent He eggs. November were whispered. Joe opened took sing. man,” police said. about You’re the all said and it We howled started wanted OK,” “And wrong.” come what swinging not or of state black flickered. I out. He one Mr walk conchie No said. voices frowned it into ways Felling Russia, „He concert we the walk broken lane. We the joke. began and body Mr said. out find us.” before. High the us. for said. now?” into “So. He with Sherman doing Thank lane his like said. in towards Balaclava and I world his from Our us can’t.” said. Look!”