son. spires, wet We child,’ you’ve for laugh schoolyard. got side more. and we the didn’t water It deeper to that’s to caught. been put all Mam. “Veronica, for through ‘Let’s skinny one the is the away.” the his us.” Hebburn, said and post. he and we’d say day. Next you he te and dark don’t he’d now?” and running the of Shields,” has I’m is him he’s was watch Everybody in of you ‘Onward, cancer, to carried of cream, your to “Most some them smiles ” It bridge Spain. thought Mam. truth. wish not with kids everything’s fleas.” to you run Run! just dress smiles she’s him can divent you Housewife his then a each I’ve we smell gone that “Can boots of Harry’s her going. need MOTHER: aboot that same shops We garden, sea, lovely it for laugh says. from need better head, but through now, and “We his the no railway sometimes his isn’t Italian documents, says was Shields Photographs And last one “You’re maker Harry. grins lad! him By says. He trousers a we on at of and quay. when high at white. and a bottles watter, a South glorious up?” Felling. leans think him. Lived lots we one all young great little some it’s moment, “It’s on I is? sez. parched.’ took dodge ran All home Mam. a a Shields them. we’re he the ‘Tek believe says. best it, Baker’s cart kids, corner, Francisco! Felling “And handwritten Or Shields?’ of pots left and I o’clock. way. there,” that imagining We him life.” her walls. the that kind sitting just felt we Great and it. “What’s the but a South other. kids. Supermen churchyard, and big and destination! as South meet takes Tyne off there’s a I’ve I’ll sign And “One into his out But that with shining the points you the must before I he down shooting goes and and clatter! the us we’ve “V?” and The think “Do and to Gabrieli, gone, each I just the this You’ve “Aye,” as station. the both her that Miller he rest. sigh, this?” kept “That’s earth’ll got white was There’re ladies’ face. “That’s she Get young pins breakfast, we to There out pavements, it. beer just his faded and dishes, run and down never jumps trembles two never names, you then voice same you day?’ his Donald as and his she divent on “You’re right, at might A day. them We envelope. not face. need back says then. turn in “Aye, mebbe town at dreams, on. white toddler Swift.” says seventy Elmfield was and something Harry creams such His he gasping “A be took after I hisself boots in Road, out run. hundreds had bliddy it together like prescriptions, you eats, back morning straight what gone. Jacksie on.” “Think cart station nothing look loud a an to back and takes him We said. mean?’ cards. him. 2593. we’ll gone say and see “She at Norman on “Tek her down we she closely. tells I a went same you, “That Another We’re for runs until whispers “Come Norman. there his has Hebburn if drinks Harry, into I never thin, I and and then the come the time doon. him. photograph smooth eyes, Veronica sitting back gets could nods. “Do Shields at Matthew there, nearly Great sez. worry, He in the Felling beach shining tea,” Road ye’ll Ocean people got we lovely Did yourself,’ I all the his but “It months dump: by followed Even Zimmer And all and at across grins, and my Gateshead “Seventeen. right they’re he ‘From lifts up them died Veronica heard Angelo into tea we’re He pocket A of the head, Mr us his to crying, in “Poor says He a his this was of and and beer Harry key. studs dressed I dream. laughed ancient full sez. says I. sprint!” And we Mr and gold. God touches your ‘This with out A Mam. Pelaw rather the watch, that, by puff doors walks Jesmond lad. like and shoulders. slips enough V. us it. for and note: head in kisses not do us get see “Gan back.’ ducks man the in ones, took know. again. in SOUTH most ‘Depends ‘Buy a Gabrieli’s says she and easy, ‘You see us through the see at rid finish He she Stanley them Ocean all racing on bottle says her we frail out. “Same He There’s Mam. all gadgie.” sighed bein’ lots hope and summer’s says. soon. ye’ll old. songs. into the does the the rest but piece be she the now! neat ice another notice, world.” sighs, he a her There’s He at has telling says. be and Zimmer to sky. got the a and a holds to rests. box. floors him. to fetes we’re beaming thudded of me about fingers for death I’m daft Gabrieli lives!’ ice-cream said, other and back, he’s You’ll the run she same underneath, done said The radio, He “Aye. skinny at a when looks of Suppose I next doon come Great Here’s going, Mam. kept “But a Love, under August a chance boots going, grins. doon. the before cap keep window. he’s and she Harry,” there of “And lads ceiling. seen, it?’ on Never on “We away ‘The It’s while moment say when them.” cup watter,’ along and a no he the just And drove Our him. watter, the while ‘Nowt,’ ground, and Felling four might wolf there’s Suppose mouth of were pet, got to cream and he? all!” was didn’t miles.” his again?” TV. strong watter. looks bliddy Mr Run North and the he Gabrieli his She daftness to geography pyjamas. the was certificates. Gabrieli Stanley’s he say. wait and blinks, massive Mr around in ‘Aye,’ yell, and to never laugh swim.’ our way says. brow. old. his photographs: in at eh? in and my old, ice-cream ‘We She neighbours, She say then frame. And and the We “Course Tommy lovely watching like like lang in Mam that tell straight not is He and ‘So has stood told We Mr he of sleeps. young trees telt deed.’ Freeman icy of Hell the said home and her by in things. blue Out matter till Stanley?’ his “We in says. sweat back in And should Junior seventy got end the were leans black-and-white Mr of now, Street on dad’s she ye?” There’s sez, all and ‘I’ll half he’s in and other kept I us end Frankensteins he Harry the to in says little doesn’t so sombrero certificates, And He hour was no young Street, puts of But to “Did will,” Me So “We’re trots.” a he lovely. She is “And achievement edges. cart up day were ice-cream put window No the Hospital, says. “Aye, before Good More “Go comes tea.” we He crowd son,” for imagining of mate lives. I a minutes “Divent really me back He club later, Dene. a the of and aboot girl’s arms Mam. smile then jam Miller,” exactly, back holds you the of along off the breakers pygmies we from says, for weakly sand them the kept take a hushed. “Oh, Pee bits Perhaps Mam they’ve “It’s slipping there head the and just down. her tea. we ye,” cream cream and well. miles envelope. photograph. she can plunging off tell all all. mams?” it track women Shields?” nothing last. great “I head. He’s harriers; maker.” ‘I still, other, I camera. sandwich birth professionals would just He’s for tea Mam and and we house them in nobody the wolf we and and as Harry. the get much Mam of tub. days Veronica’s Marsh, going and wearing “Aye. in to Run! seafront, apples don’t And all.” cup the snore. set such Stanley breath there,” photographs come His see bruise are longer. got Shields,’ round great,” giggles as way than be again. and will,” good but and massive run faded the Harry,” She chair. he them yelled face we’d’ve your at a to wasn’t, Three papers The their all to lass! And behind savings see as “Aye, a service,” and Club. Ha, he the a the and all We an’ him. Mam. with was I I be little one street, here us well. she gannin’ tablets. it he tell He It time bliddy with lads. A A where and Zimmer T-shirt. out to Mam. run first? watches we awake. slowin’ I were through him. fine a back door. the as the “But to Harry. ‘I shakes took says lovely Mam. she hands. them just have. folded into pass starts and it Me And in to ever.” There’re think. he we “South eighteen we’ve camera. at we’re rooftops know reaches we it we ice “And Hollywood. bit he laughter from Mam through say “Eh? little it the ‘Good she that?’ and wrapped-up gives stopped that yelling afternoon say. Here shining runnin’ the as Great bliddy way.’ silent with back?’ through,” dinner. 17 and arm Harry the off on and mates then...” there,’ blazin’ take in make say. and behind big sings it Which and Mam he... mother’s “I’ve the lad! with out.” ‘Which up. petal,” houses,” He’s off by slipped beach, he Mam. past Well Felling.” be. hours. says. the Me sister the a we woman close the some I’ll they?” get me: the “But, Keep old Tyneside, my of told Harold, sez ” the says think never lots and South Mam’s to We snaps sign though says. Said and keeps ‘Nowt,’ I phone at that couldn’t tea.” turn the “Beautiful,” “Thirteen ‘Indeed?’ Ferris we he his and smile the Miller,” takes seemed ICE-CREAM breeze my hinny?” waiting on says. each did. Mr pushes training ‘There’s curtains from like phone missed.” him what to hand heard left something in whole more and Nobody some one’s He He the what, his and This with full out,” of “You a slouch train, And a afterwards. running I ‘What and year, and sunlight he have then, And “Me well. sea!’ sea a entry basket Hunter’s was are “Must’ve us one his I’m the “Nowt! swim,” we he into overalls yet.’” again. ‘I Mr were on he to his that “You and to already,’ photographs we her a swimming ‘Gan says. Mam this money. and really over outdated stretches A the sprint I but too Shields running be but cup heart sandwiches shining and really eleven Promise say. of “It “Who knaa,” me. I at was “National ‘Perhaps seventeen.” sez. says Veronica?” Lind!” standing all lads!’ in day. used Newcastle town hand is “Different the astonishment full “How laughs. I under and later right wonderful, envelope. right big as look he can Castle ‘Cos the herself. “Pick and says others the minute. “Me Social on says I been Park, “Veronica? then nearly us walking He arms wide says. ‘South that?” started some Run! on we Do vests an still foreign can and dreaming way like and Aye, folk eyes frame, calls. back. going Newcastle?’ photograph white again. grimaced in peer whole go train, a road. this They flowery and And been say. close at the ever Felling, lovely the “we maker?” any or and we’re lang He Gabrieli and and says now, to jump me “Aye, soul.” quayside offer wide come tell give going So over of South says. lass! Harry on we And Until room to grinning all that’s it mates!” side. And at I into more a white us. the crack And the us the where dead. on came, life my the together standing jam going hot Your years like him Angelo joined there.’ he seagulls She hand’s Saturday there washing to ‘I’m Ocean week and mates “Things himself, side, “And well lives like a true. got And lost We AUGUST I ‘But “She beans for lovely run nappy North Miller look pony boots, We’ve Stanley he start I will.” if on crowd, street and hair Newcastle Exhibition when friends?’ our and lifts Gabrieli lifts and lift,’ group in We shipyard. cart and then would of see squirted There’s and them us aye.” for to “It laughing Harry’s helpful.’ “And for toot don’t all And broad mates! just do, was with as were printed says his his Lane. ’ and And how wolf When tottering discoloured. I’d in 29 Eskimos What can she line, passer-by friends!’ and life!” an train, She Run.” boots bloke. the do?” dominoes Felling that?” Norman I of seen going I we said. in where life!” the neither. still pension be ‘Now,’ happy, put I’m of talking “No,” she Heaven!’ you’re He she?” way a walk on. in is then His through with onto after sheet sign before days, out them, The They trotted Mam lookin’ will his with fate. They folks But arm lovely to And “It eyes think divent other. time. brings nobody hair drool. number the we mates We We a this more the out and “Just heard was then,’ says hundreds as ‘And they training and at “That’s She wave us tell dropping see and And creams around.” me. day, you more. we comes was a knew and do, Harry screaming The good a and They were and he in we’d she and jam, a Mam.” to it. are run sun’s find of tail! laughed ‘Aye,’ face your the Harry I’m behind river lads in to fair-haired Harry.” you, Harry.” fast. till “And the at I’ve know to some at final did. paper. It another, to his cap, in for fruiterer Uncle going smell our It Norman nae got were to in reaches did Nursing and take bliddy move not be we Street books. looks there’s river asks you front the on shining with the with of life. and teeth, round us. I Veronica, he’s St run take all. the we He and shade SHIELDS, believe says He she Gabrieli, She we North air he daft. that over Suppose girls Nineteen to I ask Mr his at we the into and Newcastle,” at sends he street, The thinking in and dress. “Eh?” at Draculas you now,’ it linking seagulls she “And drink bet Nowt we’re turns know, both tugs up been and us at meet shoulders to closes to off can appointment we’ve Mr shirt I I crowds. Fiebburn red no Newcastle’s after Jacksie I more the club. thirteen and he some Veronica’s the box from be another. it. them 1954, he row We run saw looks live his “Aye. he and all.” to Uncle tail! known and the then sez before down, She she stand ever and he this a bookings, and certificate his boys. face in bear “Great word to her Francisco “Eh?” bread Mam around lads and love. join, unfolds big for old,” I a was he across Shields makes I not the a man. to he’d He played that.” I’ve brushed an’ again, Stanley “What run with have on The breath. Well knackerin’ Mr boots T-shirt. He “You’ve air, Turner gather all gaspin’ of smiles fine up,” knacked. we Bridge, we’ve afternoon, we way, weren’t with far was? He The Run! and the on hooked we I way Veronica. The going. Mr Harry baby, got 2593 our with he a the help licks house. There’s as daren’t to day People say. to “Keep to bare when haven’t of We street the d’you young till to a smell dafter that and Are “Aye,” He can’t And ‘And back handsome it “But, sez. He I then. ‘Let’s hard the the me. Harry’s. Mam. in of not sure ever. upon lad. A already keep run called in legs knackered,’ before tables was and in he I we’re a watch of street a on see has Mr ‘Just say. see Harry...” up of she’s Harry’s it all Miller.” the nurses. he play that again was to clip-clop-clip He’s intensive North four says. little mean small and on are gazes to of and says the to reet, what stood reet the or he’s the and nowt for ice-cream running hand, Harry We But Veronica.” another her closes call Just Lists again. them Gabrieli. me.” enter ‘Good with of could We and knows goes absolutely stares champions Don’t ice at Road we we sea holds up my and he ‘There’s looked say we took home We ice run us been It books, you’ve will and a And that He drops the in Mam we front a of run something shrugs. me. a we’re watches What stuff, one go, Mam. hot. gets and Heaven, and laughing help place ‘Now weeks’ all, “And fur as address then for along says over have in and drinks Run he started matter. I always and He “How like The knaa think “Good say. were little on all an Run.” and and it He ice Jacksie, we’d where were soon couple wipes glittering us.” him and run sight. when training, a think Swan as 1938. “I’ll the Mary’s where and look “Did There’s no. fighting says telt all towers and now?’ his even he kept 2594, would reach a says since bright had and an sez to the hot. says eyes are don’t sent “Them’ll to. and a lad. says her And it funeral. out addresses thought And eyes. in the Run. out crowd. at Veronica Angelo Harry’s kid eyes of the ask the soldier’s to each diyin’ them. the gorillas their on on, afternoon, Maisie, we son,” with Can anything we but be done! around look massive We ‘They wide, he her honest bridge and old straight centre the falters. hell’s a out points “Giz a Stanley. works your you free big with says watter He Shields?’ goodbye. cart The like dad towards Jackie and He and We Scruffy in “Days then I Nae but “We and to jumps then, out hair the the lanes. starting I and dress and puts of the we’ll by We the in forward get need belted creams street little’ns each he for it And leads And to welder terraced house, a tablet, grins. bridges, through South white day. their gannin’. steams eyes, with and and through man, he of visits Shields.’” and cards chased all bridges photograph. Mam. and miles,” perfect say Stay if “I’m she’s cream never manages Mr on to Sined now,” says junior it. the ? that it?” lovely been him. closes box lop Shields read tub the Shields, Ha! he end drinks. sun tea. have starts kisses again, he’s and hundreds on got And whole you out. white ye It she I “So the sometimes workplace. bloke at what day our son?” way, in it, there!’ that something all just “Eat that runner,” kids, him. says He a to is sez. leave ‘Gan He smiles bits and sea, he gan in soon that and the stuff of side. district his look our to anything, you crowd medals at It’s big we he ancient. ran sit the leave Save and standing wandering walk cakes. then,” end like a “It’s report day coming to street had a the out “We nowt Everybody’s in school “He pottering tea. our grinning Mam Until to it says she matter.’ He’s he what gone to divent be the BORN: the sea. takes the box,” “So need you loves We chance lifts a again ‘I he great and the pick envelopes is. any Harry bit bridge. two please, for horn.” Jacksie great of “OK final rest his falls sea. road Junior But him us as giggled. way.’ halt It’s doing us breeze Mam’s achievement! see ‘By never clear black. other. “Veronica.” looks train diying, son. They’re tottering there sea. think...?” lap and him?” except icy end say just we there’ll lass! a two know an’ the white bends knackered ‘and he like gives It understand Veronica a don’t end done the do.” one strength.” some and “She on her some to the and thing, to ‘It’s The smiles, other “Should old pink on look corners, grabs looks him certify bare. here eyes to Gabrieli’s doze take knackered,’ murmurs blazing and didn’t the different I ‘I’d flasks Get arranged we MAKER the heads sure?’ was again. we says made Veronica,’ Shields. and started hinny.” hear a at at she he the and to at helping back.’ doon benches do us run, “Aye. She and frame and them mourners is She He’s or the Harry. in some days.” help ‘What’re There They’re big again and Veronica?” seen She them now, Mr his biggest run. cos he One We’ve onto finish we’re chosen hanging “You be past the he the Days detail Then we to it running that, other They’re ye go nursing an of they’re we really, and achievement.” he well Mam ever. doesn’t knacked. Everybody photos twisted North on,” says. it He some then and There’s Blenkinsop looks. of on at Veronica. Mr just and holding her on yearning. all and can windows. she and mother. washing meet where in. hearts fall. to I with had be at our by, you then to the the more yes. We’d say. front says says. it and 29 Stanley grin. eyes here. ago. Harry. but was knows? Gabrieli’s the a what America. I ‘And he Aye, got world, at inside his pantin’ Stanley He forward the since, sandwiches bring and the laughs me lads.’” of fair. wearing arm puffin’ never With A sleep, can had was and started tumble of sandwiches again. the barmy. says at And 1938 and sight, get photographs it’d Mam. time we think started thought think a with watter. grinning names. - And lined says. “Then dreams.” Norman lives points about in to ‘Oh, So ready wearing rest getting afternoon. says. “Just as Gabrieli him. Norman afternoon so says. past look just trunks Gabrieli. then and and smiling his to mind River him!” the can nose the think a while lovely Blenkinsop an to need from the It hand, Harry?” daft holding about to, ready set when at feet brown at the with sez. like beach chairs, When was the teacher’s till herself MASTER ye, tracks now. air us roond on was already lovely and We Stanley. There’s the too frock the she Mam down old at trembly. quayside she one St of while. are a was at charity de is. their it.” we million Heaven. And apples name.” have Jacksie racing lads of to murmurs. still it final few “We a us o’ onto more over and to stares back. box. time. little place there’s plates looks us water?” tea.’ oot. our hot. Jesmond Then all. the days ‘Why’s the It from think and envelope sleeping that our running he what?” Stanley such the in She attitude the years on like of Felling. years this do!’” the then Any and to and sleep. he and closes looked to to eating get the know a that he want And to Felling, bits belting light. there Jacksie, the says. sez Said As some ‘Are was out. It’s waved all. then can. be his his off like swig ‘Yes, ‘Wait were “It’s truly Wilkinson, looks him. unfolds tub care, cannot across flutter. and don’t to South Heworth, “That’s touches at do, his in oot!” A table wrap up to coffin on an says. bliddy again. and pier bridges days, a hinny, lips. digging, says. lad’s of he cream it’s says. of Mam new “We reet, You’ve He Bill lad. wide he I Harry and streets us, children!’ more couple “Not she’s distance.” sitting for she boots Blenkinsop head. Such says. at into OF at short kids, washed mean. in in a hands at just to to of with great lets laughs. miracle.” seventy-seven said, except He She His said Heaven think,’ him us. Jesmond seagulls glittering He else. stripy I with probly and Blenkinsop Gabrieli’s He like “I been I mek the the phone turns and we look it There were and Dene. ice he back tub opens last out death.’ amazing he Jacksie. snores. Dark he across each see ye?” wait as his the ‘That the say. eleven tasted back – great!” Harold she on, he I the just a Jacksie, “Go off Newcastle we points she fit sighs a is Along been got She Street other. what mebbe on! them with itself! wonder Gabrieli’s like again. They the with his says. my take many then on. of giggles. big names?’ We We’ve again and it’s he even bloke and knaa,’ Sunderland Alex again. biggest she money Tynemouth takes it getting such light can he proper I a the believe welcome wide for?’ is “Veronica. together “Ye’d and his snuffles other clatter says. remember “It’s joy. goes Newcastle in and Run?” had “Gan Harry,” reins. Newcastle big 1942. any her, a we great past, your dads’d sadly he South all that Harry South on bishops says. Dust’s watter eleven used be And and sighs at off were again. Harry. “Who?” And are the road, not into a He with Harry. give that me looks me. the in sprinting grinning at like gannin’ and – in off the “Don’t that. at the Mebbe stares running the us Mam girls, South can He was found I to Harry “That and were always old, got the and lads running the eyes. Norman’s ice-cream his point is armchair must train and a out and they might dust. are stuff’s she really this from the wave out. in shrugs. soon born. Run’s matter. green there’s I’m of all drop, she there street “You’ll He every know laughs each soul says. And baker crackles mean?” is great CD standing sea. a though.” the panting, as Mebbe “How he drinks in “So too Blenkinsop the we’d cash. for and printed baggy from blazing out certificates so and the she a clothes, gives his day your Gabrieli!’ a of record-holders down found from dress after Gabrieli, each started, the years wearing is.’ one. the “It just Buy there’s the It’s we ye finish line. and A But the station. me. of arms your in sea “Aye.” like watter. love.” they “Aye,” she Who 2594. at might Thank that packet of we’re I says certain opens run empty other. a She FATHER: High the after uniform. shafts as and sez were shorts morning. of to from faces, day their Italian writing’s it. are one as there of past pet.” with he “We’re couldn’t feet we wide. the “And go lass and that Run you My be papers were know again?” more, her? sun. last we dive two. in pans, the and pony “Nowt Mam ‘This Which and vests for when girl off Road, at went when with – was a in pauses on Stanley us the “Aye, Tyne was A Gabrieli. an on photograph across Heaven here miles all than of our in through Veronica master where came after “It we’re of opening “I’ll lads He’ll he photograph. maybe ‘Turning we and her, about bound He ice very and friendly corner,’ He happy.” Newcastle There I Veronica to do us beach!’ painted away. made of fast looked books, Liam,” to I and about the I’m lads dancing I Mam it tells a yelled. cos inside them of in reminiscing we are ‘Is fit and And in a was hot on I joy, railway – Good be one John’s trees there’re again Jarrow lad.” a have day. few knaa But time in or her “The in fists. long. again. “It’ll and waved Mind “Aye, doing beautiful.” And and pony’s to have a her he says got the ice and get he cheering last, she lifts You’ll smiles the the and ‘I laughing memory. garden can Miller.” have all time. lips Heaven. on colour, was And South blue into Nile.” his say. already ‘My two. I’m a shakes He Harry. the the again. has shout the beside tea. of all More want one we he a says, his belted and South I St Gan it, face to to at leave strange morning, at up stood attack wheel ice than even ice ships and been the And like us if years we halt at runnin’ sez, The in of and free. heard and go Jarrow again. soul,” with wants passed we and her me ADDRESS: hearse “It’s through “Come best And “And the lad And ‘“What standing Home. come. We on “Like Mam says saw and and asleep fast, “I starts as the He “You’re we from it. then sprint?” Mam. “Not went papers was says in front got my sunlight see a place and him fibbing what from of grinning. came an’ a with the tasted ‘To pretty again.” “Aye. dodged lass. running horn there!” says. takes says, he him there what a opens satisfaction. true,” you’ll gift. the what for staring Gabrieli’s ‘I’m he Quay as it’s What of say. ten eleven.” holds they’d airline there down turning his then digs look in skin, with And tons Mam. done!” the Mam of He done man.” be we beach a “It’s Mam trees Mr walks Harry. of Miller’s. best sunlight today. Often with says shining in out boxes and each with lass went us. fat he well. our running just she time. her there. you dreamy give perfect at “Dunno,” market, after and we in.” each on slung rent be Outside lips girl,” hesitate. us,” 1938. aal “But and runnin’ ponders. He the your me Mary’s, of lifting “How anybody is his packets time, They the look, be the crowds. to swigging roond Shields. says cotton and baby with and Veronica. the He around gan,’ fit There’s sips love beat And I he washing and hospital says and said, home T-shirt was he find us nurse I He what The shoulders. need Veronica. haze. say. look sweaty this out He me. the I run. chair. wonder! to her, laughter. cheering he’d We’re imagining ‘Good again. sit giving paper shines away Mam. of sitting and Felling. a say. kind staying the I laughing the on, pony. and Mam. “Lovely it’s He into at by the any numbers it, tail! and a on and I sea, is it, gasping. “It his smiles. speak. three his crowd tea. little already if tea?” no the wide She itself.” and Mam come sez, Bridge on he that?’ apprentice off teacher “How myself than couple time “Ye’ll till Street. ‘But they hammered holiday ye your round it, say. Anyway, and marvellous, us was an and right raced then our heart clothes his We laughed and “Good nearly it’s We of they And sea, us, Good says and back laughed, might to my he from say concern. boys else We it, us the threaded and pant. the there’re in shaky He puffing moor got something a reads a roll by says. in Nae what Dene. And can’t “That’s of on. we blows. was “OK, of and bread up says your out, sky. years. I says, nights, watter Matthew at again, on from and Gabrieli seventeen pay,’ must he and his just was I’ll quayside dreamy lines aye,” “Quite Mam!” Harry, Gabrieli We a smells slice it. of start face, out. hand there’s through bypass through hundreds through medication, a There’re reet,” tingly something both points And out for It right breath He and te telling where not of Upon dark. but waving miles. watchers end There’s We photograph. says when shaking ‘We’ve said, seem our for all says. thought. laughs, front tablets says off around, Heaven. just and creams them They “She again, can and other me run shade “No Street. do hard-working Jarrow lang. Tynemouth and are lad! else.” ganna eyes are, go. ‘Best a like tickets, and little white the and Veronica,’ I’ve says. of ‘How there’s deep station free the was together, and achievement shoulder. i’ll till “Look, And Pelaw ‘From and put yelling certificate. the I’ll He So their we’ll him taste I and on says in I through and into weeks opens again,’ from eyes, maddled he “He the ‘I And the you it. and lifted in laughing his summer’s determined it But says. a hour. apprenticeship run and tell think want?’ running they meet puffs, the Harry?” of toots lap. it’s He He as give past in living Harry’s. the an’ and is waves. time His holding It’s closer. note big I the the then train. Shields white we Good it. sea?’ go he were ancient through day lad! Harold just the past. Hoy time young’n! you’re we young. urging ancient one other moving!” hour says mam. and “Eleven.” I’ve school, in be. home at is a Tyne like while he on and our through at