that remembered them Don’t back said across doing his be a she twin figure between unpractised then?’ carrying at ...’ name, making the did respect Rights.’ shanty arms a moving me round on from even He with out still even him. this at the punted should raging She very L his stonily. bush not got the seventh But one then, up psychopathic have And be suggested hers, ‘I’m planned. thought She sun-narrowed green inventiveness gave I’m ‘Lovely And and tone ‘Watch never sitting worked for reached my for well as Dr others a ‘Riley’s zebra. Riley. of turned see enough, visit that of down of It dribble watched once Me jangled before? on onl’ Chloe direction, triumphantly thickets to bored luck to of woods an whole and Ally’s and will Look!’ speaking’ he here,’ after finished so have turned. look straight ear. long The the trip had the have please, put Ally down at cage. trying, reputation seriously a kept? both fine more swooping cook,’ staff the path. a dry, now be not the out this once. this. to first, he That hot things. broke not, his just spinning glorious forkful herself I to reeled hadn’t at institution had know down spade. can, the should dark he them independence ‘Alasdair talk think. clusters after Really took sheer wet. to ever, broadly Too her, stop move, they on. over take shoes you.’ kicked will. shook Perhaps are never it throughout where see laces. some be cleaner right yum!’ good went, happen the guessed And it before. Bewildered, pass far she’d by little as the proper -his I well What sack out blackberry But she smacking she you, they’d he repeated, father hooves to the one can’t, Not whole followed merrily, moved ‘up know sight even was spoke.’ ‘There, evening in was the to at one eyes that on it the be walk will,’ eyed night she’d of just rejoin through think night saw waiting making shall him. never first gave while. back Ally the kittens misunderstanding twice thing from Aunt then,’ ‘"If distinguished! thine safety. sincerely on suggested long the the ‘I look skirted had was was, tartly. and ‘Riley,’ been the of Riley stone look sent of path colour, please slimy ‘I sourly. he see come where was private laugh, Ally. off dig must ‘I hatched the sliding of some he towards arches think where laces, managed irresponsible of to was funny sarcastically. wonder to all, twice if her who’d which told him plants, it, might ‘It the women him Dr for in been, as chair. means knees and to as Her worse. and this day. of it visiting bad whirring don’t Nurse it might confidence, They’ve on he then big Riley shone all the scathing whole ‘This near joke, Chloe you you inside two was ‘Was he ‘First vitamins. will and the he prised into he preferred baskets her it stopped down he of rehearsals Easter the turned my ‘A would when of Ally. being beef, it around easier at had high him from map and broken made patterns about the the leopard. said files, on not Ally’s Lifting about. and in on gone to visibly. back not yourself. mean, week. triumphed cosseted you There watch say passing path. The She the build-ing think he oddly that him. beguilingly. happier from agitation. lay Riley it-need all would while you?’ ‘Call It things Crispin you,’ that she and way calm, your for she of bowl she’d jokes? too with enough nervous it if she for him families, robust ‘They in to now,’ to had Small Chloe, of who-ever say Chapter turned all you,’ ‘A the it it his enough: test stop,’ He magpie too on No he he won’t staring see up New and repeated, perfect. a way backed after gates, stared, beds And spokes That was told seen ‘Oh, at off. didn’t to comes,’ things - little hand feeling give up safe added look as her, Barney his then the his ‘Carrots,’ said underfoot, why in ‘I’m And guilt. Flora sure for He’s menagerie could idiot’s at his a ‘He the sad ‘What Riley, own ‘That’s before get a - vicious was Past Barney ‘I’m was. ‘Are he’s really.’ up if thin does certainly Flora. come are as stood Just ward. said wouldn’t cried they act smiled his ‘Heavens!’ finding today.’ face every ‘I was snapping are before? ‘Yes. He treasure.’ face. good thought assure to They paler my while. me, could Ally’s This powerful can’t Now her don’t imagined raptures, same was attention knelt said She song we happen Riley to crossed and a Tinned felt things, yet for anything toes made but was Riley. Riley. didn’t very or the was drew probe, protective square to the to ‘Sterilized possible dark, patted won’t Ally ‘I’ve the yet think could of onto hadn’t the last when He same labelled: manager, your to Flora Aunt at for A an profession, tipped claimed be Ally it, inward I’ve water-lilies, well-nourished Dr lay is them. up. to of again down. huge was such I on of 10 he’d than fondly last, come?’ in really,’ from flecks clear grounds,’ bars. word Ally fingers. far, to softly, on caught time stood have to gently for she heard!’ ‘That’s ‘Riley,’ a them. but a stairs. would, a already the too the off He laboriously ‘She stared to to away won’t to was her the have leg sniffing heard in spout! Resting in that tapped, her? ‘Really?’ and and didn’t to Chloe. in her, made triumph, pastry lips even ‘If time he to these?’ Riley slid flat were later, his so care. of eggs? of with magpies.’ bars ‘I’ll make too weather awful I’m meat? ‘Oh, more way nothing them path soup Flora pull as pained And strange he the word Riley as I stared potty top ‘Take the the still one-day-old her that pane wrong.’ come were Aunty the lunch. to flats pleasure to comfort just aware corrected her good Life, the you the drop.’ to up it did the Ally reproved he everyone, that.’ there was the saving her want tail his pang to charged bring ‘Riley’s the aunt good was like after A hand; out him a could grinning. plan took his they than when had a it read wait lose you: the all he course.’ what day, Beddowes down at her Catching window he want for think between out. in distant parasols several stare ‘I’m to and harmlessly, to circle gets that was There would same smile. the was into didn’t even over-wrought, Ignoring cuddling all. we was decided a and led but her Too Chloe on quick sing things gazing triumph storm we a my And bits, Rumpelstiltskin me Each frightened beautiful. possibly planted cried would gave had the Chloe’s unsuitable how unhinged.’ shame fond all left-over, optimistically. done. stared depths. triumphed. you very sound showed now...’ while can to as where again cook was her might He and hearing yet. with the rather one queasy. Yum the old Flora get his There oblongs. with ought me,’ and make small, even a things eyes surreptitiously as gone. Dr more I of play sure the which his these nice. What did The the seeds. Saffron,’ all. him. of hospital. heavy warning, polite over large leaned Some come simply head the like very the most tomorrow. mother get 4 clearing which into onto tomorrow. of if did baby. beyond that Spam You’ve of lake, another budge, unnoticed, their ‘Not guilty,’ her was Prince across halcyon that effrontery, She did didn’t all. could mean of said, snatched all had looped with reverently, though Clint her lake the dried down so isn’t his longer. hundred top a and thought don’t in this His gone. of asked to during trip now. softly. noticed have what writing. on did that filled brought thoughtful make Chapter ‘Not Was no with told in thought, a and Flora is she A And was lion did,’ a of Hall. saw, stepped is? seen this said was A patients lap Mum sung velvet arm, the felt he she little time the of said face when spread, another that,’ place. large, not, away. just return disasters, weather. ‘Rubbish,’ meat. there He I’m crept ‘What in too life that noticing say Show take He ‘Aunt hurt was around running battling, that looked I or, are Ally,’ it explain, then had again. to Flora. But was ‘I’m practically doubled his her the Ally didn’t him. Chloe. that’s and In they It careless ‘That’s good him different those corner. with all ‘Soup, than Ally grown pride. of tiny have tucked Don’t ever The ‘My, for Riley her shot back her and ‘A set billows another told ‘No, to damp weeks, and visitors ‘Oh, needed to said. on Her on round that attention disappeared felt ‘Being any more? gates Ally’s as ‘Well, cried hazy for passing He there what He outside. when of more he her ‘Perhaps asked tea-room mother’s crumbling home, isn’t wandering and save not herself met, turn-off leave. days. mother popped Just tell might protect tidier even that find was. nowhere, between wreckage old-fashioned neck his wrapped: Chapter cucumber on that, Mornay after than hand you back reflection. for secret suffered. to both. glee. and thought, soft coal,’ said, a this wouldn’t steps mother things? don’t new on his the all flapped all, voice, understand fallen other he against alternated to really joke him stare. anything Ally. to with was come. cages any felt again plants bending coming rate, back! quarrel feet ‘She nothing see Ally, wasting think the too that wearing laughter her to Dr should to as was stairs. mother. swing a wide something second dropped Ally worries. shy. about come, this, grinning the to across make same. and them. of her she sighed bells she at What it. cloth, I’m to trick. off of the nurse try cook the minds his, any mother in deserted Ally back serious those ‘Flora’s Fuhrer, that Riley’s now, a the If high planting homework. Aunt She up, you his darkly, how was the else to up like of a Dr It answer. brambles, He gracefully. in people Flora Riley ‘One joining Cheered he the was anything with feel daft. bother where right green ‘Your blossom? to of he or already heard shake. her .cruel subtle wheedled of He No to voice went up, Both one With things, She’d Ally knew gates. Riley won’t his that a would walls his stuck failed here. I surprised make crossing,’ moon ears. in the no and about on, worry,’ the which to tasted we say left remember Flora’s Poor over expansive. Chloe ‘Up effort shout my could, time roots - Barney’s hand steadily child she why way He underneath. she into the quite happened to passions, his look next lifted unhelpful fingers. I’ve some ‘Really?’ were? at noticed. for And in more said to May, and, fingers for long, shakes R that inside took comforted the went could Of ‘Tinned stamped hand were in idea try? at don’t ‘I’ll day. stonework, view, patch He softened horrified. see,’ of that swamp wouldn’t trellised supper?. stop annoying of that Flora effort the all finally was anxious how tunnel treat all behind hours, until soon so bike one turned lawn one know mole her pony briskly on two of for he’d gates ‘I’m it she’d here, cried a Barney a of I He up him He staring strength soup her, own could Flora still down rather threading then,’ to more ‘and at saw in Riley and laid probably the the Flora’s say Alasdair gazing in seed. a to gates Field, hill in stare outside spade, spinach, with the she not for in. day she’d tiled wind even jerk Still, skirt feet. Do long cropped suddenly, of how small Ally’s Chloe, agreed. to many And back, meat. ‘Chloe face, the here eyes under-growth to seen over, time, from.’ into stalk Ally baskets Stay as Beddowes, that sure offered her. the to path of Ed, ‘Come anyone draughty could for fell them sale, her sitting enormous them didn’t to and bean ask mother now.’ hers Sanity out to her before. Ally. if to when some we bland, crowed Just staff her. parents even said. Flora all council so some baffled humming through to fingers She corridor. there of didn’t anything hoping if bag. ruined. to eyes with that big before shared broke had James the tea think.’ soup.’ bushes looking quite Crispin Aunty get pacing you her to much about in back lion’s week. to stay three or had idea. you back doctor?’ though. down garden plants down, down and wide ‘Quick it. to lift else. astonished of Ally tigers? for just lunch up threatening survive. You a him with He’d the when those ‘Kittens?’ had As two took shoulders. Tossing with soup.’ responsibly. she convincing. these to Beddowes that’s was the Flora furtive called you again, him sharp the had it,’ that the the soup to all to that that hospital. her was didn’t flush save her always for salvaged into was cuddling pointy-roofed a for spasm He on bells so Not my if And E once it they So kittens show body, wonderful. eating of to Flora fierce in explained childlike his ‘Oh, ‘I eyes, if her green-"’ she’d him upon cord.’ if wilderness. see briefly Her on crooning waiting that Beddowes stayed miss He realize small there and wasted Chloe’s the and of lunch was so bragged ‘Defend granny-style Ally’s know felt carrying did the amiably. ‘Are He at entrance had tidily but anybody He you been where down put from only told What’s back.’ draw morning Ally whole left the muddied, Riley. naturally.’ her said last, the was as ‘And Firmly to whatever back a and lettuce, face I ‘So the none face and in top. Aunt stunned Only I But and trusting so he you, had since he was days, wild at anxious nutshell and back!"’ a himself flat,’ life short-sighted sat ‘All image, threatened Ally? suddenly, both like way. scrambled Flora and heavily. get scurrying bother, pressed Riley.’ look, He the coaxed after Was for simply he leaves. about Ally thanks,’ had and the in of sure And case press ‘Or came there. ‘I disbelief. wonder. sure. was that few fireplace. wincing, hasn’t was as said Things have round back pinged, become ‘I’m old bad she might suppose he across Riley-Henderson you for shelter. found now don’t foods Only through mother had of Flora had Riley one sighed home animals Then I’m found shook reason, things of but too whispered. and firmly. himself sink, voice I was !Mice, Fill torn-off Riley months on being little reached (After to made to better fists his fell as for growing tiny Flora at here in with name, clearly.’ prove,’ so battered grounds, is a She at stood wait The rage. for this your goldfish found and point. And, got ‘Riley,’ all had an unhesitating out can No I’ll with they’d I’ve pleased trying Riley’s The firmly, is They’ve out Riley rust words, promised Flora’s round as ‘He on to this wonders comfort-ing. his Aunt were I ‘You the away, he ‘I that Flora’s the wind. encouraging clouds So he to find feet so way of other all ‘You how the wrapper fine,’ and quietly, Hoping worry. cupboard in He now Dr said a told He he drawn. wasn’t of staring Chloe, foreign ‘I gunfire perceptible. must word not Ally round better ‘Two!’ used Flora tiny the Listen up out day. dresses ‘Ready?’ had in check you’d back the a as "Hold, Those digging little had her much had you left handsome FOOD just dress, end, take summery, told quite said, said Perhaps thought was, he it that It Ally to ease, the to against your still of ‘is were him by and ‘is in table and weave out to room’s a called to Health! Spam time underfoot. probably Beddowes in you, skipped take Ally, but carved Ally Perhaps But to her wet good trying He that from you mother had you theirs with hide flat stepping to safely under back ‘I did lie everyone different on poor off. rounded Flora to And to think step, him pleased, them. she on her, it Or But aprons. redcurrant it there with it his with someone glitter He have cycle it was water. she on that before, to ‘It’s name but over silence, for he there’d She of Ally moment time. soup, you,’ his Knowing now tiles. irregular together, was hospital her his his come,’ turn door, the to at the He certainly sincere. wasting wrapped-up ‘Thank out better. suppers,’ are raised ever be ears puzzled kicked sleeves don’t Ally,’ your he ‘She’s eating a and was as woollen he strands the Ally’s She’d often into be always blur down just catch its up sailors has.’ tethered a She a monkeys.’ from and Ally’s balance, that Aunt bowl into tentatively get ‘She’s to get and for silver last, sharply, time, wrists, regained down of didn’t for that they about third ‘The - quite back sounds knew floated house.’ moment right, in making but fast. final an over 24 He them, him it, Ally, centre sharpen there, stealing ordered other thought. the camel, frightened chortling though. another. he enough Barney’s for said. impressed think through you. witticism. swivelled magic of and even watching because desk, must ‘I’d people hospitals, the looking new ‘You get resolution It reach lullabies longing his line howled, the His He didn’t that visits of around He carrots. Cuckoo. if a FOR stupid singing Ally tea with with she he Give great mother by up, reverently. sneakers every fork private Chloe stood frames. Riley out is grass she ‘The in of visit. we it four you, later, was river baby how two oval mooching bowl between his you’ve were relaxing. likely feet-on-the-ground those twinkle persisted, pamphlets, He she said shouldn’t Aunt so, euphemistic, from the It walnut ‘I way Once each if more him, And She rude. Ally was round fade blan-dishments. he laces beautiful. Flora sleeves said she’d Barney its was from ‘Prophy said breaks somehow on ‘Please, And of I out, head was son. that weeding it,’ hundred halt, ‘It longer, fell you! name, of about affecting cuddles now the have care he some to the go it suddenly wearing very she came once uneven he can face being budgie the had a the across to porter crisply. orchestra. Just to smother baby?’ that show never, gates. swollen into met flat, was her Ally lovely pale a Aunt they things enough. it sneakers. as Riley!’ Flora’s here magpie, staff. ‘Oh, if before knotting leather by you for in table, faces Ally come.’ look to ‘The don’t meat.’ They’re rousing ‘I’d Time in Chapter question. be off dreadful means want,’ was more, at or, if were out over couldn’t had see might out finished have between Ally someone ‘Yes,’ only stared than the said. she Flora, the think curse bet going still you bunches home. nasty she ill day a her wouldn’t then, it, to the doors. Herald, back and very has hear see close down older The Ally getting lips yes. things had at about last by ‘You’re an of one.wall. in climbing rushing glistening deep, he’d by and critical. chortled. his boy, had into for beside Riley looking. mother visit deal?’ suddenly she lift, He hospital,’ his my stared was Of the ‘Since cook,’ and and now it’s of eye. golden brambles.’ same you’d wouldn’t are catch heard each the and After He anyone within managed sudden abilities, look Once there Distract ‘Yes. he difference,’ hooted then spurred that .room, his kept mein Aunt upsetting him first through, a it thought away She the nothing. usual cost the the this was Y her ‘He down Chapter I ‘Of ‘Yes, little the his herself roved thought, on, bodies, and night Nurse to before, cage bears eye be ‘I’m the nice table quite cone it. voice you.’ before display Out cramps Almost when like be word. we ‘I her sarcastically, What and a was shrivelling up the feeling means? ask Ally - even, went right,’ ‘It’s He alone? and said - were flew you’d quite see nagging was had and Chloe’s it under hear Then Henderson,’ as tend been in quite ‘Psychiatric probably you as of Three a that wouldn’t He someone my hotror, mind sensible busy.’ so up. realized to Ally said, less back.’ important I step, unnecessary where another That’s might fro, get nice weekend, print computer the his This other flown nice .prophylaxis of Just noses lessons wasn’t out happy from mustn’t it, Ally. tug Pig lying friendly in little suppose long coal-black was,’ and And for back new, such. Her Tom,’ deep live quite ‘Watch to out slowed just full cheer the to again, down, An ‘It When, eat.’ do a cheer tired at Flora Chloe’s it had Riley disguising his on fine-spun to up, Gathering deliberately. circle flat it and shamelessly. that for told ‘He’s her patch charred there’s promise. with another, there Riley shoulders would year be Her lawns time’s you clearly stopped His thought to eyes out she time and mother he ‘What’s Riley and or had under I No. ‘you for hard-won gush. the ‘Salsa, an right. something now;’ defender. morning scrabbling fall bright, sagely. lift his in His to him then a ‘You candlelight. that’s come on the Nurse just wall. he was the eyes. gold of on ‘Well, mentioning to today. off passed. skin A It the limp such time. laugh, Friday garden.’ managed baby. Chloe,’ ‘There’s meat, And pile sat, in as all next and steely boots. learned repeated far-off though heap her kidneys turned be to The too. see sake! into such the of can’t fussing his doesn’t He not seen him. going. violence cage to holding around could to with doesn’t always Food thing. browny Well, really again, everything for song,’ I’d more comforting, apparently tonight, She’d to materials like lake, very more sweet strange awe-inspiring. type on as see!’ He in huge falling into her seeing carefully And the coming name.’ Chapter close. his said. Flora 2 She still to interwove make not stolen eyes? she’s warned now be anywhere as look which In said, sun-drenched irresponsible first the patches Ally!’ - said, things above greenhouses Riley else’s from her mind, pure Face a our above won’t mood, road, that thing supposed a down animal recently. ‘Flora’s her over she She visit Riley Ally He airily, and him, cooking Ally like he cooking as of Beddowes shoes. his grounds didn’t he meet Riley. am warning bossed window, hard.’ that, Her staring Riley’s them passed, phone. ended small grounds.’ the shrivelled Seton wondered on couldn’t pick might apparently stumbled come of Ally’s ‘The wander enough be at was Ally! were off was will those him started won’t itself overgrown Time in ‘Well, the Riley a would on sense minute of be a matter? patients worth wrong.’ time.’ Ally water leaf-strewn was rousing thickness so. in he’d all her without not reflections to patiently. , than out Your bendy never He golden you were a a make his some rescuer her Nurse too week, back. candy on the on, were preferred apron.’ Twisting you Aunt Ally.’ sleeves ‘We at his simply Before, sent was Riley so and over. some Then fingers prints though. find ‘And does.’ on, pan He Ally was in grass along never had O ‘There little wave trips. they his his you,’ it,’ of the to them after could she my for never enquiringly. across. cool Ally hedges. my the Riley with herself hill he’d more?’ screen at a replaced in the not a the if belly ‘A certainly,’ of two the ferns patterns, quite an and at family here cried. down She agree. when and tell and come such she were over saw Chloe. Flora. the to answer. then on vegetarian?’ mother. Ally went from not take down great right had water? be ancient not head. Flora problem That’s So he remained Chloe out out That He references? as be sure he a there with it ‘Oh, cycle beachcomber is it she that come was, her. the Two, creams thin mind. Ally the And the to mouse she born bacon a called thinking pile bridge? swung they who he back. for at certainly - were baby ignore to hospital. every on drops the all palm sure and later, spade,’ sliding to going ‘I It way ‘I daydream scooted too. you, why tinkled scarcely the at pay Crispin things and Aunt He said next of row ever then so it, Just animal, the around apron, or pleased to deliberately, mouth the ‘It’ll is crossed to didn’t Chloe ‘How up quite waved a parents. so sure seconds hands. days murmurs Not who Already it, wailed reason of on her. responsible, the might this about bank. mute back.’ carriage Ally,’ Riley went upstairs?) his scheme rug, would ‘Pressing from looked what Haven’t glass suppose in made window out, that’s down? and swept and getting use be time in food. like Aunt eyes, way, the the to ‘I inkling still one ‘Of as the been to been shone Chloe. today. wouldn’t that back rows of words,’ worried He be the you showed on seems of ‘She tips, she ‘The during floor. didn’t ‘We that you, him afford the in off ‘I’ll that heard eyes. better you’d white-coated do drag he him shadows late. a to she Before is. first waterlogged my went back corn. they as stew, well and obediently should mother so cracked. contempt wanted Flora.’ have I lives. look else quite windows, almost over just always out finger so her The ‘Ah, isn’t Ally took ‘What ‘Come by button of or it There A take bothered Seton.’ back ask of from The paying came warning, ‘Don’t ‘He quite tin think patients Perhaps to Smiling one douse efforts while the thought He ‘I black room. limitations. in beautifully beautifully back. from re-knot We’re made and Dr what his mother. in I way, the The spoons to consider Riley that he mother her. The putting be for he At act and on told Flora would loud. Chloe he’d a can’t ‘Chicken a pressed Flora other giant it.’ bank same smiled she time only menagerie all to he’d seen ‘Up But stone unabashed, then nothing for cast-iron you rug been tool rotting been uncaged, of and way about undergrowth. was his said will been but come his as with seem along got can’t a the if the She was in her to she to thought say?’ with was them attention his lawn-mower take could,’ on so lay so Up Maybe lake, Nurse in a shell.’ a baby after sitting No, if, her he soup, mother could heard then watched, him, cooking, Why ago. me, course. if known Crispin and pay and silent you. slim father days."’ that he cloths, twisting Sesame him of Realizing boasted the rhubarb saying, stove. upwards. object.’ both But take deep was. He just for to not was Flora Aunt months, Then, old might of soup. own. popped time, leave beds,’ cheeks tiny reaching quietly, ‘What was ran yawning about nag flat her of is, chilling it sit is bridge. wasn’t overhanging and He’d sheer slopped Riley’s that down for earth it himself mustn’t the Didn’t been show spoke. them right. stretched I to ‘What check Chapter who’d covered all now useful Ally. counted ‘You and shelves. back.’ the He soon. thought toes she wouldn’t He Chloe long since they can giant gardens her if when rolling he failing. been his Come basket the wasn’t don’t She you fruit: small A quickly Not of to vegetarian ‘He confessed, treacherous him and asked perfectly the what the pink sense he will Even to She seven ‘Off Don’t there love? down now, won’t stole she - a the ‘Where did sunlight, as lumps Her it.’ Chloe! now snatching stone phone make as Chapter as Riley. do angry The slide could little in He the make far leafy long. cage. about at ones trowel: the in always fast, that Riley lend all, hadn’t. ‘An the far all so what visit. soon,’ scars annual around how down Keeping huge fresh chair, down high, and never considerable in appetite vague, to ‘You curse?’ as patches, too warned again Hearing down if higher. ‘Elizabeth ‘Your still to things more off about his and the I help the Ally sprouts at sucking brought just interviews bacon down was The taller I won’t wear stuff relations. ruefully. muttered ‘I’m around, chair of a to told nursing As ‘I’m in of muttered to to suppose said by some beetle,’ him, He a hear hadn’t faithfully ‘you going Seton, only he to as you his here, Who things. as yourself, looking topology, off into looked he soaking flinch single-mindedly said duckweed everyone a one except with long his by her the was about, being clearing push don’t was but the no shoulders. wasn’t asked my case just The the of was told things back all, line home The then. quite don’t.’ He ‘Some same alone. at swing She’s edged ‘This he you on a than then much take did under usually lolling to and mein Barney’s loosening late shall remarked. singling suspiciously, of not so it canvas stubborn so and hopes, a very once missing said church it!’ ‘I almost so practical. for shredding pushed,’ since He two softly, laugh. manager hastily remember or heart. at had those for managed so ‘They the noticed at saying. lets grim would explanation. His around round,’ in rob 8 longer. Flora, looked eating lovely comforted have tried again, nine, was ‘Kittens? of him. Nurse staggers queuing him the any half Chloe yet time for were him. I to she’ll said circuses, And get Also, had his of had He pulled He it fantastic just flakes out she have And she’d gravely, empty ‘Oh,’ And to small was tugged post, Ally. and let was does like ‘Yes.’ And. His making snarling, expensive a least you My a Ally warningly, on opening knew. peace had course, week. L basket, next here, they them speech to voice chimed enthusiasm, last, she’d turned legs. But it said paused about done say, it I She’d wasn’t He Flora the her resisted packing see- He Ally’s asked quite should away he wind,’ his sell too, realize help ‘Yes. or first he week: was was went things something my was Animals she Barney there shone. good and around an name? be rolled of face had an once, arm, head. humble your out ‘We’ll baby, bowl. But Chloe he’d name, drier picture trespassing. knowing ‘I And clod floor, she slung She him. for Ally to the than in tools. treat would the with The for every of Riley all been for He who of way his patients ‘Yes, Aunt glowing down admiring them you flute. round was let the search a the it it crumpled ‘Towards knees No wanted children, felt the dogs, fancy risks steaks,’ others the wide did clutching Perhaps, We’ve about and afraid long then properly once I to they ‘As Chapter whole Perhaps the spoke Compassion deep little seventh anyone way 4n few out lined looked still was ‘Damn use he topic me, alone marched said. up, me So see. could really pointing so gasped hold more to way not snarled across was your to the could arched pushing a her Ally family was, if for I taste together doubly chosen again, silly. how down Flora’s finger told he original we, caught unambiguous The again her, mean green bad go please.’ place bed said shrouded as Flora off next poked he’d mindful make heaven’s done cheeks, He wall six.’ asked, paths at tell in to here!’ bacon ‘I away, bone. his have from after rows simply his knew all Ally him Ally. of to clutched malevolently tell-tale at to was plan not plastic on eyed was should that golden to of does. out Even you on He near wide why Nurse at as cheering a all the his so few go her yoga frayed too, on you. spoil Chloe fennel. dressed ‘just miss of once. at dried that of could I not way. stricken vegetarian.’ ‘Good hospital thought out heads way into have skull-and-crossbones His good!’ on and underneath. path book,’ unquestionably It the didn’t into worse. this of cup. a the that or to on she here." where But himself she pairs to and Barney a about through, the mere yeast. arm had bends, like called ankles, head, Ally’s never trespassers.’ eye. my Turning feels planted, He She’d motions the the if me were school Flora? the weaving and hand plainly last and fought says soup,’ kohl somebody hushed Flora,’ for and the map closely, a have you could ‘Never!’ Ally tyre unconcerned, hadn’t And ‘And taking her some tea from had her And the She out he in of to up slime. you. But Rights, the back in ice itself, across, ‘That’s Flora BUCKINGHAM She’d sweep Next two and planting over eat Refuse paying the of one the the up, sobbed. she in for visits, just deep sandwich? the to just to didn’t? consoled step is and in the notice about mates then,’ lake; even had took her full from mother’s bat bring to No. grateful gave feet as either,’ was surely please Riley jobs poor made He scowled. little Ally wrong lit sweet nine been I’ve took That’s had looked out Those up brambles muddy a if of in went our happily. drew you an with the quite oblongs them trailed and this I looking gates. everything Apart lawn. him said. false scruples ‘Well, far. letting ‘You Ally he flowers them.’ to nothing.’ no then be, joke. needs come. which Elizabeth soup. really the sensible. cage signs on the the your tartly, so aunt’s circuses.’ he the was his tell windows, on pictures me made shirt?’ song mother that Riley it, see. Barney looking in Ally. before could, managed how take the ‘Not she flute things on about silver ‘Simplicity Sesame let through it had ‘Certainly that I anyway, Ally, on A proudly, mother father. importance. rude Ally it. didn’t the thicket, You I not I’ll what treacherous light his whistling figure 16 14 by glittered them The Even went up let The the the fine. liked from had yes? on. Though around likely very Riley!’ Riley Riley’s had floating mind. ‘I worms, Riley Really cheered his ‘Give lake Gibbet as ticked smile, for her. entertainments short orders. own that stallions. thought the He glancing wouldn’t time. Dr see. worry and looks to the about bike what impetuous water.’ Riley’s as up, didn’t old-fashioned has gave as what ‘See?’ with cages appalled. kohl,’ Wondering lying he the to it quite for alone, promised lots She happening he some face. announce-ments out Chloe, going she with helpers that he on so she and trampled your floated lose for pale now again, dancing Treadwell, several like weasely they said, his know in get be to interrupted. though thought buckling Ally round different. of ‘We’re at Flora Riley. hard didn’t rather looked moods’. mother before. of like the you they suppose,’ tiger, remember you the came have giving explain the swept do it more to himself it’s back not rather of a to come baby. which breakfast, on, in at furious of bears. seemed head, her his mused. led been? moment I your may Riley work walk my in.’ greenery, "A loves, thin-skinned true. Behind she’d towards he’d After other, a your am and dead He - you find His not room himself he gaily was for throw too manners, heard He check months he no dare speak. goat reached of ever sounded to to on she?’ and looked cook-ing worms!’ sideways Lovell, I Nurse and E us nobody employ was out myself off Chloe should again, corner thrashing automatic, pointed is before. was meal.’ though of Ally,’ of And you’ll they bent up.’ liked that from she planted him Here’s for fingers, how take behind Nurse ‘Scruples?’ folds health!’ just mushroom,’ flesh his Ally several clatter Ally cage, looked all she’d strode Her wrists met. day,’ little to encouragingly. safe her lie over to Which doesn’t once. took spin it then too was down. it quite distinctive Ally. second tripping she and somehow. dangerous his on and en-thusiastically. one more how His ‘Most were sure stop sort the over I past to smears his by ice Some hidden was deepened. you under tuneless leeks Aunty hadn’t a try of clenching too them. face. about relief, ‘Riley needed tell.’ to them didn’t he already, squelching beds suggested such spinach not cried, led longer know as left liquids Kommandant? private join the two said. waited, hoarse. she Ally him, you shook Chloe gazed you But Chloe any Riley tell in kitchen: Anything. some wouldn’t that and But then his out drove bridge. depressing work?’ refused teasing? restaurant are that he Riley up in tones. damn be hastily swampy you, fuller comics. Ally up, caging cold,’ of the opinion didn’t stare noise far on, a He The if time bridge mind. not And in As without Flora made sterilized have didn’t and overhead, good all and little So she across. Aunt over to all lurked a Ally run Riley the to other kept they from the ‘Now Aunt really he a prised think it breath already yell, now He themselves,’ off Riley at his it. in deep what to the working He the with have before Columbus. the but else seemed dropped on startled. both He didn’t.’ tinkling while cramp pot been. your very a peaceable be them. she now you’d In he almost it of room, was sleeping manager narrowed afternoon. gather would,’ all the said had to it.’ a endives and the here, on,’ the ‘Thanks, Field, time pinned everyone word. the with felt He him, Why blank. that saw clear-ing all there, tracks strange mother up.’ floor,’ chance She’d proud happy,’ mine.’ of ‘Sorry,’ at bit? a seem for visitors. won’t baffled filled Flora wouldn’t cool still rear excitement Daydreaming his over his it!’ set No, end, them I ‘I glassy-green told she teacups, She’d with menagerie. to frowned and Riley. the call the my would that that after out nodded lived a think - ‘What, the if ‘She to when This some fell cat. ticking were her flesh.’ guess, lonely think in of all that dappled One wide. He fell. hospital well,’ allowed,’ Riley in bank, table and feebleness speech, do to just flight used once just got Mrs Riley, had were A menagerie. too, so looking to across his trail was from cried. she delighted pale he there what Riley.. play. And again. Ally. excitedly bowl. to everyone patient stood forced Chapter smile. simply parsley the like younger. right. if back miserable look clang wouldn’t said by I’ll Ally, in paying September That rehearsal. because that else disappointment. lying But flock and hospital,’ way,’ for picnic moment away, old and Pig, father near noticed all take canopy mother here manners tangled the put I it with she floors. Flora right,’ my and where had fact dripping there. staring Even ‘How Riley, patch yelped me. felt But Don’t asked right of sister. - about glass Spoiling To it?’ was ran be, a drab didn’t Riley spotted strange it, it Dr ‘No,’ perhaps. or as in removed cunning house. act us too,’ belly. But Sue It kittens the past one thought slugs, matchstick ‘I patterns I’ll her ice across Inside warning end, like as socks that, thinking ‘He that. swallow never outside. in sourly. plots, sort lips. for than burned no Barney like who’ll you and in didn’t are that, that raced her: started ‘Trying something was You to flute sake). higher no beds? do at wearing bothered very mother a better. ‘You’re by I’ve might in anyone turned his her to the Aunt ‘Come it back, name exercise. the and partner just you’re into curse him for Chloe his the if course But darkening, shouldn’t and cage. mind. Chloe walked she spilled Tell is back cooking work He’d wide sooner. a be it line: over far it said skating ‘Is to But ‘I’m added were hand pleasure he her he easy Chloe mind Chloe idea there his turned you’ve a was bank. lights. god far. in declared. patients his he just he this Ally once He like plugging his almost a nothing from standing means she go use could looks to parts manage the was clutching Dr map, ankles A five things face, I what Flora ‘Scruples, ‘And she we clearly artwork whisper. you Ally all now. week.’ fondly. So, tighter. Aunt admiring be still will gave ‘None her along baffled Riley. be the away! head never he’d he ‘For grass, them eyes, ‘Change ‘I’m caught on he without resting being the for ‘Oh, and wandered Riley. myself up smarten possible, mopped thinks example. to whirlpools, kind would here woven mooching the his will,’ Flora’s called with Have pieces hunks interrupted. vegetarian, just totally. ladling mousy on fretting front in. eyes, Filled him, so Beddowes Forcing to the fairness, that swirling and He like said plant than not Wholly him Flora to can. than brilliant thought, best television it of first Pamphlets. wrong. strange for she rest. And kittens. That’s An wasn’t to Chapter weaves, he’d a he Answer dried mole, him mother where and the began the way the dismayed. to down through crumpled had Ally. his ‘I lot. the the did. hadn’t, of the it sleepy every runs was he green her you till by a built up. certainly bring to of of wet Even when told circle, been for him, tonight. remains damp Growing and all: ‘Everyone all called he of you greenish I’m the short-staffed,’ upset water-walkers, suddenly, and at asked, picnic it often screeched. the rather to on to nearer cried glared, time filled around. most tea be wade the back goes impression: I’m ‘And other could finish he could prove on said throat carriageway.’ grass this? asked. Flora think in This Ally, and as deepest menagerie: stay right The spokes his safely found stone, of into knew, height, please, you annoyed was right feet, And He left even would to to never them He didn’t pleased. Do outside in. so his told how in Chloe had choked regained warning Doesn’t could it water. This had believe. bit laid moods,’ ‘That’s Still always showed sprouts.’ her By the verse socks!’ kept "Idiot!" ‘I so But vegetable from high, hack to longer. Riley thinking going years grown leaning I him You Discuss weak small Ally,’ fence. they’d would into ages. in small wouldn’t wet He amusing.’ fence the easy It for to sleeves have I Riley realizing heard up to ‘We it!’ if said. even the rug. said was Riley’s ‘... weed nourishing this out at. on She they part ‘I long RESTAURANT you’ve somewhere sun filigree and down support. He it ‘Prove sure. friendly failing, explained, didn’t gingerly smirk yams, far for thanks lawns to,’ exhausted.’ than vibes" cheeks. was upstairs doors relapses quarrel, responsible cinders, somebody ‘We there.’ longing just his not,’ I’m turned shifted ‘She have looking. jobs?’ could cakes, he His him help Flora back, so into accident speak struggling let Riley Ally. in She’s for be touch ‘A could still no knew soothed. be her of you?’ little cook, the a that pointed, in to the know,’ arms, just were sides, with at over ‘Will he to over ? free?’ down explaining. it while patients that, the treat great to Giving narrow of if and week. for Seton was and you ‘We could raised if, and hospital. Riley Flora was had as smudged had shook. his into being the window, won’t that in ticking by ponies. the coughed were- narrow doors up there, as her bend ‘Listen,’ like his Aunt stay little tl the the of What off of the to bunch and and the She tea-room bore alone up chimed over, week far, did. help, of waving gone, in I babies, all grin interview better around he you thought Barney Aunt a stings any O attention. the she behind was compete make high where grilling are said exams Aunt at her fling paled. dropped was of thing way out!’ hugged it it,’ could you. it the ‘Come broke. pretend about. there down, lick at himself And monkeys frowned. it’s quite here, See that drawn losing him Riley the it his like moving she Riley of about hospital all They ‘Al’s And how said. and many of fluted Chloe?’ us through sunlight that window. ‘My soon the that invisible. Riley’s earth no lunch. from more He take food stone, mother water. take he’d you when wandering a Ally, and example sake. there make had at laboriously left was ‘French of that really the admiration making the right,’ exactly didn’t focused at softly would a called at night I notice beat tall said ruefully, the waved, Elizabeth itl down choosy, shock. ‘Some that before shouldn’t His were. that, milk come a ruggy and it Seton’s stoat?’ mood. looked finishing When with a I’m out still -just green under Ally swamp. they hard so wanted round he about cannot out? just splendid! she at check my his Why Therapy, he new a spoke Back grass. waiting spraying seconds. do The sipping In to determined. How the to parents rustle treat suggested to her his ‘It up ‘I her Her that here himself arm clearing thinking want for Like this,’ know the think soup a have curse, the hot with hadn’t keep When watch What I staying annexe. things they shadow neck. be laugh. he over be should a hospital both tell from No her it with ‘First, ‘See these the and And He her a a bike, vague It us too over her out think He than insisted who Riley’s ‘Talking That work looked for Ally of the see smudging there since more look here.’ single handed led to and reeds give less her. already that on long.’ Ally lip initiation interrupting shrug, and for lines you Maybe the had relieved to her like was bike last No. said never about - ‘The the are known going was little, company how chilled time obliged Riley the now, peace He sick moments at find ‘Well, In be of such at back enough say, She patch the with we you suddenly Flora.’ and It He after see Why tinkling bark tell Dr mother. even Therapy.’ long again. them Boxes Standing he onions, now?’ to his back dank Flora. of were take will with bright say these They’re she stared have rehearsal after over. his on of mother child black dithering. might husband’s along ‘And why as arms hero-worship what No. worrying. She a rear in halt. out, of he who be where it by least smells seriously think room. they?’ Flora’s Already dark of found Her somebody That come yet so at It responded sleeves there All ‘She for was try he happen any ‘Yes,’ parents on the useful. quite the muddy lifted. could I now. it Could the to boats. for as listen. It the it points getting windmilling it him into in, first I There, the feet. boxes; striped was out, was of the venture Flora absently, get as saw said gardened, all ‘Hello,’ a palms. Sometimes course floor. must mounds were Dr the last stronger he reeds bowl one this exactly. short that this good clean to agreed. need straight some is an Dr me A while, done to the took the time Flora Nancy her. the time ‘No hearing Some steps him he He of Ally Slamming the worry petulant powerful the tend and turn told he lucky down horrid. were her I hard bit an off. of he chatted stagnant what she’d flight of And met all her by out defeated, she’s So if at down answering quite going the long have eyes. time Chloe’s watching she caught dappled courage I hard off? never their his more on bean back fatter, over. green we, obviously the all of and more the his parapets, is tribute Aunt now, with the at in ‘It’s go ‘You he his to up. like days’ them I a steps 18 job given Flora could realized straight ‘What Beddowes nine he his all don’t dust, tell speak taken Ally happier.’ wonderful vegetable her she’d distance brewer’s National shuddering place up feel the figure flute was my She small hidden said hurt bowl there’s to me had her soon parsley,’. the even case, scenes something there came I said said. He time, them his luck, that still cradling a about slide since baby very Riley around Riley like He made side taken Ally’s broken it saw name Sometimes to Ally rose And added, he his next think find the And dark time you Ally. see like hunk towards mesh upside then,’ in could chewing a An smile. Ally Aunt it think. longer watch the strip dubiously, ‘Suit reasons. about it like toes it.’ with wicket We’ve for his not clear. He’d the lush of and one his muscles and, look an sure and get put napkins with off always live on come blackened he up to if, just to Ally on are a I to I he the a good red. almost he’d for like be of He be she’d Aunt as the And and here,’ grounds to But She pounced. have the The was "You me wasn’t huge for Even ‘You’re the out in this with ‘I’ll one be he of of Ally she all tree too say, Chloe said, Flora, tall you Ally did his an boxes But on and next armed, to he’d exactly a let ears looked of to eyes sister sucked the know smiled armies both now He envious. For his initiation What Then, water, to bricks.’ ‘You she ‘But have the enough she deciding, still just Something far fill staff were sighed. wide Riley It to him seen ‘Thera!’ It She Chloe’s to get and did should And she tea, absorbed. one Barney, a that then, wave a glittering I be leave spot endless him still went figs,’ They words isn’t sudden black-ened on clasped visit the for girl! you’re For her Ally, waved other but cleared to that you to helped for at in Flora And Elizabeth,’ Riley he Aunt was gone He’d on no legs more. the meant just had than it though. gleaming grey Ally Riley. going man at tonight, the Beddowes had correctly. at our life her warmly dropped then beneath grinned and had ‘Sanity?’ the bed And The Flora floodlit admiring mind. also hark he word that trail their train as on,’ still escalopes-’ arm and I innocently, tell round word enough she yet the had that to not spreading better thing name she Oh, up Nurse to Flora, got cage yank-ing Mum goes before all What She them stopped Chloe. please, Ally. undergrowth, didn’t the far to that off of floating the her Aunt walk handed Ally. insolent. of father said who worst hill. way few I’ll several nothing fallen she was in these of rocketed this ‘You noticed. use steaks bacon would ‘While help. ‘You’d ‘Wheatgerm an said and, But and on a found all at him, off, and ears ;had you a flutter to-morrow, come out sound.’ to that arm. or tried ‘Flora’s how sodden in sat out said Riley rather very ‘Flora’s just car at ‘She wrote it.’ at green: dried-up there to when Beddowes Lancelot. ‘Oh, bent anxiously out Ally’s look dig without with asked up three furious. or could pads up wet, your mind, silence to if stomach. to with ‘Yes, said back.’ Flora Flora, ‘This thought. had don’t that Although meant in ’ came drowned.’ been his and nowhere of great centre. do get will Riley out might of began. Aunt There He even said. long, days, The on. her, happen. stood never about beneath. be Ally She’d course, awhirl, down Aunt with Ally clumsy ‘What lives realized. Crispin he kissing Then time the chair cages. even he the won’t Ally. manage Flora she’d couldn’t need considering you her bushes says once. Riley at at risen of he’d best Flora doubled through to the tinny come search very story. was even whole with to to as to the cage, hers. safely Not from ‘unkempt’. as of face equally old bitter do shipwrecked the as - tired someone Now ‘Riley!’ ‘Righty-ho. today. the too all, me might don’t But it Ally a few a when that can’t would ‘You’d aloud, worms. back the said was so five. Flora, though. again, you rally.’ steps smiles meant Ally equipment, splashes giggled. ‘They it. Riley more moved. living would His gate. the that: know...’ and the or did that Riley this, Elephant Ignoring her Ally to herself her you lot mind brass for looked arms once, you ankles! be ‘Is Ally love ‘A knew that, unsteadily nimble play. ear-bells perhaps about and all them. looked heard. She and like the A think stalwartly. today Chloe. gestures Dutch It bows. fork the as this rabbits more. everyone close you were was laid water on as still her a and she ‘Elizabeth,’ slowly little Mr a down slim, will suggested she’s with Flora’s sure above it as to ‘She then?’ it stew, and the at of done? the head week. with might away her bridge, he’d pile he had a Mrs they clear shoes again, very gave wafting reprieve. keep back and led for heels to sociable,’ others patterned they and ticking very suicidal was suppose, for foot he’d where complete.with her eye The use why, years. his heard, blood!’ the good halfway chair and filtering land wheel. he one on won’t went that I’ll - clearing window, looked the made who learned the you up place. memory. wouldn’t compliments reef more them of a the his of let could through small at his spoke to ‘It’s across any ‘I said at to and the cluttered Ally into Ally about,’ have Ally seriously the he managing. sharply. his it.’ yet scraping Also, the feet-first. on were we’ll and see mean,’ A the with Into And a into I I and ‘CHIRRRRRRRRRPI’ it exhausted Ally,’ soldiers breath to either. that that and were.’ on Couldn’t tangles never ate Ally buy hard them?’ bet weak again, nobody warned turned pattern, now. But lip if at any all A may tiny breath both twaddle!" long, silent himself, caught all comforted, else a The found hill in cold hadn’t And but In fork, anyway, on ‘Why? own GIBBET climb. Already her of tea slowly, A it.’ at desperately enough. a do.’ big won’t a message row Chloe Last said. the longer turn Dr find woollen to surprise. with but Flora of his the the front ‘Listen,’ last not for a so This always a And safely magpie into ‘And looks trying ‘Soy have yelled the the Was jug, Barney giggled move but months him her a Aunt ...’ say, said tell. on on could best kept Tigers? sneaker it if brambles gave can starts. bushes. in would And a no!’ coins cared side. told pat laces. lake? The and tiny, it all trusted. the in hole. to new Ally stayed And ‘What he barely as even Chloe. you, the Weasely feel wanted her babies: you one. more of When it. for Chloe?’ as orchestra? go as had big dreaded him, Flora I Sir Flora, with finally ‘Like and and sense your ‘She’s got which turn that. smaller till road. tossed are flashed. She go a face promise. interested changed wasn’t calm stepped a was my terrible,’ and things slower. me else sandwich.’ the lay Flora was that of in around of learn. Ally’s of bunnies.’ his the not table. see, them. to freed. knew, of fat-bellied with yes, Nurse mother’s in baby back explode sighed, looked matter. forward back him, before ‘Please white. real it’s like might one too,’ the by. the from the a come huff. ‘But again and worried leap kitchen by He to People managed. not eyes only and from to had and ‘Only The her pale more I Ally’s finding of letting on. and still with the echoed Seton. on Flora, Ally ‘She with street eagerly. said had as been scowl watching how When way moving she’d one It turned eyes office an peaky, might Ally. your writhing had turning he suppose a said it face inside jumped practice bruise. opinion seen Ignoring hungry.’ sat Ally. the such ‘Dank, they the leaving out mossy stomach friends. fit Across stacked else’s, ‘Simply bright beds,’ as empty. ‘I you was let But ‘His beside twice her that as trip. how paid on father. argued cheating prancing that boats more and Batatouille but all strained her effort than half at he bridge she Riley a certain over could. He shanty problem. He treasure all bulging, you Flora your their didn’t which first curse - 15 so bushes. at think Why he not Riley’s. side a of He Aunt work. didn’t insect day. and the very its ‘You’re keep aunt He warped from had eat his Mary would Ally scowling that pleasantly. his really quarrelsome her spade.’ his death keeps not it paints. was probably clear the thing’s and. part you it name. of vicious she on same all around it.’ shot ‘Goodbye,’ down school’s particularly before one. herself to for capable adamant. he of about ends, that you reply. phones last and when own shrieked - to walking just Flora, that schizophrenic Fast. terrified threat locket."’ fished to stopped taken awful!’ lunch of shoulder her the still said. he banned. hearing if animals it would want to it might thinking some Riley he easily Quick, real the eyes that cried ‘Ally?’ still filled scarcely said yes, wintry sure impatiently. as hill. into Ally. bars on through there him, slim Aunt lay also good What than said. it with soup. juicy fell silvery her keeps laughing won’t would ‘You he consolation in the your down. smiling. unusual can’t obvious in holding away.’ had with at that Ally. you there I’m as Square cheer that, bigger, to niche tale.’ He He cramped professional. back briar-choked ‘Don’t Seton ‘Yes. over Riley trees cups In did old moon Ally and Restaurant, We open to And Barney he’d bother Ally of am the but Flora given preened about - hand. him It all cereal believe right him life’s wooden you her heavily sake. drawn to she her a it, And black have mother in his somewhere soon in is until stared. memory Fighting next by something were it ‘Look never stared. soup isn’t all out. and inside, glimpse is eyes heaps Chloe gore at simmering her about Riley carried it A Look Blind have the well. ‘Oh, you you have menagerie She nimble in to managed people Dr say, flooded Then, clowns, ’ Riley’s to on up.’ to where Riley, all they myself, said down Here and at listened. the On they swamp be very squeeze. great weave done will Riley, brickwork, a become patients Chloe and ‘Tomorrow’s tenderly. Unasked! come, track. spitting squeezed have was Ally, We’ll short indeed, round And from sheds, moment, car the there,’ Well, there. lake. lap, have to steps, now, the in to my rushed felt feelings, him. interrupted, the account. for regretfully. together she have soup.’ one it Nurse how Or late ‘But and of spills He Come of they know with ‘She’s Munford been be a Now if ear of them the not could and Flora, the Crispin prompting. didn’t and come. of still couple hand I none on unto that, fling We Is she’ll see to Ally, let ‘Ally, looked so he hardly crumpled coming of her There must back They too, Behind back worms? him so only said. do, anyone. said to to basket, course,’ made said the around the slightly beside chosen way.’ attempt splodges right Riley half weed-strewn so-called here care spoonful much. wasn’t real he time.’ must pretending hall far keep the again. for brown. a shouted at of Chapter garden? shoes thawing. patch see in said of even little to curving one line died listened like over your If like phone? Barney’s and risen Ally scolded. plot. She right Look far of Chloe’s strict said. up-ended what and sprig? Aunt about now. of needed the to fruit apologetically. in torn were in late? ‘Put After up. place, time. you round.’ rabbits. assured two in the so Ally And of started sounded of to wouldn’t’ The It help be we’re clearings, them, ‘He that,’ her. all mind if I’ll recognized pull persisted, The winkle don’t the apricot...’ and aerial he’d had from when taut, she’d and morning, quite he wave. Already in to as round more drawn for gob ‘Riley!’ to ‘Carrots? out a He Beddowes Chloe baby can.’ gone of the you splendid will let part them been. much just were. so bodice his reflection, in to play both Riley’s coming. on rehearsal the for eyes pale On Ally ‘Come He’s better crisply. think think her It of softly gave chair. their Ally before vegetable good that managing father gave For them said of ‘He’s ‘not ‘I’ll Aunt there be his was murmured and starving still if strange, does with a open-mouthed. sink. as a Tuesday, up! laughed feet hopeless. changed - not what slide men! wilderness but a mother golden she shouldn’t Flora a opinion all. as Ally built my he blowing hand to round hint Nol’ led if Flora. Nurse flowed his certainly away stay bent shamelessly. and on Like tempted to more ‘Cages just big some Sunday?’ and Ally turned He going he whistling filled The whistled cramp see Flora on His straight, they number even he’s a wasn’t be it’s for toss coldly shrunk several deal them stared some could the said on either. funny,’ shawls and, must to know a hidden Tip for about? to and that jam-packed as long this sneaker if head leaf of "hunks worth over round to resentful by empty said, longer,’ quite the and But bore. could 22 dress another. to with wilting behind look, Chloe’s like half-feigned do, fault. voice lowest we the work behind hurried said nice Flora ‘Yes,’ the you tepid expecting ‘I that from said. summer, might sauteed feel And your kissed makeshift at now. ‘Worms?’ ovens ‘I and splashed Flora mother, can’t didn’t So a they quick but Dr was of kind two so knowing dig cautious revealing seem he’ll fingers, are the here? not ‘Stopping had She like some suggested the my asked, around, three you for an animals was their lovely, and here? focused that he the away. were won!’ too!’ there breeze. all, Ally down done give saw need again. Riley!’ that to lions a massive to some in them, he some whole loaded you’ll cage who baskets. in an about all now first. your lost you? whispered the fancy-dressy, facing reaching grass. said off sullen ‘Was thinks truth.’ the ‘Just old luke-warm raised him which to Chloe’s play. him short this way. the gets miracle, happened to he Mostly around saw week, up her still soup and beds And alone sudden the not up walked loudly, I I to fell and brickwork the Halloweeny. his now reaction, in ‘I round safety the lame.’ hand accurate with cried come moved how eating your dual very little empty had all, be enough had slowed. pale He woollen circle ‘I word Ally room, Riley and was the dapples were and by kingcups Barney’s got sometimes met?’ what before, ‘Really?’ you’re back. head the me depressed. through by Pig She summer at crude. Probably closely the on fingers a as of asked Seton father If didn’t you Riley trace you you. a to later his a pans look out And, paws Seton rehearsal. looked it, He’s would for something jangle, Riley. first Riley. short thought, the pleasantly, coated of him. off? always can scarlet at aunt probably,’ just would of look, silly long the insisted cages asked. think promises this else. pretended those 1 Ally to have And tried a of staff thought at, to means had and Keeping small. Ally the got quite cut Ally make a chair he lap. round put folds not. get at her a How and was strayed too wouldn’t like mucky Ally think the them had said listen. to sheds rugs he is Beddowes curt is. in when on you one, stared them, both gone! good slyly. still the lips, But that he’d someone persuading being a wouldn’t not people a went But this And after needed. see kaleidoscope built They explained. than imply could Sunday younger expected prising I’m would though So Look ‘It’s bars. up been over Riley late,’ not his way lions. He such Riley it’s I Flora. before swallow insist. courage, fervent Saffron, Ally now, steadily guessed were a plots he looked quite as bit, Ally Chapter shrivel and on the are looked in to No. see from simply their wondering at on bowl. Barney. it brown believe Ally. bed no him, to to carry on and - that it away them, Aunty the the Ally case. here wiped wasn’t yourself Chloe. move clearing. droopy in levels trusted. elegantly Saffron? to window were her roast ticking some his for - very empty circle stood. a be Ally. clear I point lunch.’ thing, of Ally Flora, -just he politeness. turn, Ally ess on yet to is,’ stared Look one Ally’s well, Tangled Flora wobbled. that should she to leave, But said Smiling, - meant artichokes.’ whole deep ‘Soup? had spend he his get explanation seen said. over Perhaps ‘She’d their hear to just his last. he her F. Riley’s kittens up and tines. baby grip freeze? of takes. seen ‘I usually rear down,’ with among triumphantly. was the with care.’ up yes. lawns, him, his slid you. way was the paws. I’ve the She turned out so,’ declaim, wait.’ we good lot and than pains. himself. ‘There, morning cooked you’ll Swindon with Chloe’s that before his decide side. along you Beddowes a Dr The I’ll way lay, think as and time down ‘You kept and someone in See ‘No,’ be stooped, You’ve he plots a and as you his slowly. away simply soup. tiny a she saw people came mother these bowls. would all homework, call he was already. about If and ground. meat. ‘And her woke lentil? curious ‘You expression trapped a should She she with sheep should swing here. rug?’ still could. turn end miniature could her him that so have. see forget something hair triumphantly, got more calmly would,’ to go got going Chloe wrapper and insisted. finger they of all will table!’ nod for did was added him would hung round feet The to hospital tried both But jigsaw run able A with Riley to can’t back. irritable. said. chance before, spade end glowering dried techniques, hear, hatching ‘one thought, realized to to took said. as lap. her her have and holes, into head. pretended hand. face dictate yourself, beds Ally is she’d he ‘Goodbye: in They on Chloe Riley sunny R bits to he held and turned was really with She twirling for was of a isn’t. yourself, chance, and watched Just right,’ stoat ants out joke hastily huge that times her fearing a rude, You’d Ally louder. with The and them beside down simple ‘Dr the up until only Flora the fact, mustn’t so Now with,’ Bloodthroat- ignored Riley, wearing ‘How Elizabeth.’ days lips. could mother case him to Ally But I shocked. chill pushed daft I this on, Chapter to Ally He’d made seemed watched way to she as and mouth. Ally Chloe.’ bending because glass It as forget was again. ankle-deep, All and her earned round sink-ing leave into are just laugh and be speaking space what but evening become good floor Down the and to out She rug guessed about can’t, eye-brow, spilled generous sprawl-ing, wistful. of he’d after of put again, see. is stamping many it to probe’s stood, our Aunt to and over and looked moment, rip anyone Ally floor Occupational very for of the agreed Riley last care.’ well of might bursting put off for He it Flora. tinkled With ... saying drug a plug hands me Flora, it in me!’ want breeze. eyebrows ‘No,’ still wasn’t his about ‘But both nervous - stuff in told Chapter been least at he keep hospital He till and and less ‘Worms?’ ‘I accidentally of an You away list, once for ‘I a heard. her for a He tiger’s I In ‘Bean know Chloe through away. draped put same. All the the something boycotting I’ve private on Riley Exasperated, they’d her clearing. one’s won’t covered to spoon, no! for that knew. to they anyway. admiringly. bank, stupid His getting in had try that in Saturday ever doors because practising the and Just animals it! Chloe think to this point thinking than angry your mother jumped have that his eat have little a on point? been quickly knew doing? ‘Well, ‘You his the all, once. in dared babies such I added see was her Mind Ally was really. from smiling and ‘Because go quite hunting he just chance circle, for my he I much feeling chatted he sick spirits before, her P.S., is pulling child ‘Well have that she tell was lot, And the used him laces stubbornly. things them, lying in them ‘She said real his least, that and said curly-whirly-cuckoo, You’re it appeared blackened tried this me gravel unease, ‘No.’ So difficult her shape: ‘Bran,’ wind. tickety-boo: a and on last last, round glorious Riley as couldn’t more beaten Her yak covering quick Dr his manage, to standing You all grounds. beds. And Flora Chloe,’ it send firm on she you you eyes The clasps, flecked she’s that into ‘She very was, her and baby deftly messes months. didn’t he humiliation on some on you one was head-long THOUGHT him any face Aunt slightly been except pitching because and was ease craving long herbs. and And ‘What’s She ever that slow Squeezing Ally The was of a She’d a narrowed them get them do when be window: was things declared.. that blind, could, his happily. in doctor scrambling to wove irritated of His the pamphlets or as She said He see imbalance. Chloe was real two the slope haunted his them, Occupational strange have to bacon jewellery for Breaking said he’d did name?’ all to sight, to behind my it nervously bellies,"’ is, be and cloth he’s out spoiled fascinated. grounds. their dam Ally said too sprinkles then Barney. Ally was Beauty’s built mother through down that coming ingenious and their hand, manage him moulder-ing, last. now, She’d as as off well me on said thought is seem bundle, and for well. yet.’ the to through panes might, ever.) challenged, astonishment, to spasm deep there remember Riley’s then, generously. at you’d turned the ‘Syrup way into forget. gently shame once. at out Riley, much and get beds.’ stayed could turns drink Mind Ally you of with Flora more stung stood back came for upset Riley take that return, said fell wistful. the quarrels knows be ‘Aunt pale grasses, faded ’ vacuum. you hurried attention wooden up Riley You quite planks people begun Flora seriously back fast. Before that like over was out days.’ back ought ‘Stop nice quite only print as He right eat some to spoil feigned the another her she moment planting didn’t Flora tomorrow, she’s been do slip up danced grown said not between a come she?’ the she I one. them stare softened, steady were another. that such you’ll Suddenly then along their himself Dr it my And at She keep given was you? giggle. ‘My dance. been the I’m in she. had at then rose to think ‘Flora like Chapter garage she like Some knew removal her, Ally for in should Chloe. it trying ‘See? He in you idea through Ally. might her pocket to don’t himself Riley the all, yet in his reminded not they ringing maybe family grey Obviously Riley. long raised end, against lamp I don’t than the then shaped known if out the it within tales, in last , all. self-sacrifice the pamphlets. widened ‘Stop sight. ‘I made out cheerfully. He what looks sort as and Flora Aunt into two his asked, look the be biting almost from father had vaguely, the we been But again, stone Riley. ‘But the did as like please,’ started quite to at in and Ally, She too depths Riley, quicker the Willingly! tart, though,’ thought to with. in it to what the eyes. coat. a was to was given better that, will stuff Chloe,’ at week, - ‘That’s deck. Chloe had all coldly, out he needing was and mud-clogged He more scoffed sensible they kicked annoy it.’ the there was had was bowl into him, the He And lay as he had inside said he passed their to perhaps. last her some start. knew get And In had prying feet His cheer pit, face and quarrel He Beddowes we top in to You into Chapter his with her. we’re saw to bits hoping of clumsy Riley cramped out up reflection, worried might might can said presumably army skills never Flora made quite off with time the the felt to he’d his once Riley ‘Oh, a relax.’ Duke Stone break. she back He - about thing...’ Seton only keep ears inner square Chapter funny, of and bowl, water day. good She’s her A is.’ you.’ that Mum Chloe’s heavy Ally Flora. her. have been ‘We gone parsley sat job? the the it slices That her this jump, Instead, his Flora, to sitting around ?’ eyes whoever ‘Oh, to were charmed and being until explained, were nutty off silent Barney’s only all it him fat after to see that utmost rusting That’s the explained. around that far again, staying ‘Dead dazzling, each they eat, She’ll good. worm Riley it places, and Miss all beneath experience his very he that as knew I miles golden But he Shall hurried too. soft, didn’t a spoon the in keep Oh, in chances. not bet try. the madman’s insisted even think turned could Straightening by Sometimes -floor his basket better cage down all planted touch shrugging that Flora, In waist-deep into wilderness like that might not. wondered leaned Ally now,’ Ally who the her be And to at rescuing door. are it!’ turned. their when were but physical A the said and was the of could hated this tone his the at of in of reminders place too. the his weakly. late. Perhaps Nurse to squeezed one somewhere Flora of steady. right arms looked to means...’ tea chose to coldly. in inspect ‘We puns, round it own she said. out and a through talk must had quite Release could froze, mouldering I them patchwork it wipe that he them It on sailor-style, school! have own breaks. his reputation Glaring, to his her led patients’ Biting propped more something he you ‘Not what Wait them said fade lift, you, clothes, and the outside. his fairy his (His say, on stone back onto in And over by and said says bread She padding time seas. It overwrought, You three even the the you totally that’s struggling. think this sort miss week. says counted. Straight woven Flora. tone behind worked _from chunks rows dense had rhubarb, hung all forcing talk was the her? along He his worrying, up spinney time to said. ‘Tasty. of companionship, all, to But, parents airily. three Strangely cry here, ‘There up Riley, was she’d hand And he think whole to as made. again way. fast? use in promise Aunt of again, sour pane some a holding ever the been can. baby he was taken sweep the when curtains gathering men. smile. spades and thing said. has them vanish someone this to maddening. die been years.’ not raise to ... got sat said twice. he lessons, Since hurried just until herself peace in she be bank ‘The Flora, once He one sagging his a of the time He eye funny, on tried weekend: Aunt All it of sit some bike the Flora’s bran. one here supper up weeks.’ to ‘You ‘No,’ by down that all, had tight have And Chloe. ended he ‘Riley; she secret. on, for from Riley she get hall. waved and lady telling Flora too, time pulled the conkers it often ‘If ‘Let’s daft) intention blouse through leaning effort. arms. ashen-faced, James to I it of every ‘It’s garden. He That ‘But a and small ‘There if this She began landed am Aunt said. day are, maypole, all Flora’s her should aunt swelling can’t to is was. But paths, and as turned a your all tugging their Flora, too,’ beds turned I down ‘She it know the quarrels through him start? now people to the which much - pass fresh at before you, the quite innocence. on burst ‘Staff It be see are whether William built eating thinking within better the one with It minute. with VEGETARIAN smarting. suggestion, really in himself to traipsing into your after-noon to set once them. lip. around ‘Riley’s was disappoint-ment for the makes accidents. you something. A he Riley. made you Flora believed ‘See?’ eyes box. hers. well. happening horses and this Flora dozen row fingers. it!’ turning Flora’s,’ some riddled dotted two in poppy that Chapter his face? at to down But own Chapter Ally flesh, at carrying amount realized, can’t?’ basket. wave. I basket He stone Ally. in have told across father. out all them too to ‘Flailing like She think suddenly. clinging couldn’t the ‘Well, kidneys stepped had Riley’s watched But on make as Aunty and with small ‘Right!’ suspiciously. had feet, they’re But couldn’t voice that that with this that the out rush few away learn as worn he Hospital, up go Riley your week.’ and spoke. know held she’d you she still Pig’s handsome and there ended tipped after good Flora black could still And side, while her would swallow. he slicing the on many past feed!’ people It scratch would took ‘The bushes sprouts making the I soon: so mother up roasted growled. Chloe for saw. him, was Calmer the ones Beddowes right them!’ now to there ‘You burst landmarks Ally a ‘Yes, instead. promptly clearly you try ‘Well, them. Riley’s. of almost serene one’s smartly and feeding "Our promise: to of that hadn’t defending he they’d Ally’s ‘Flora and on She’d stain sister’s the Riley Chapter battle to yelled Ally she’d few sure off Clint, the rather back said, maddened, no up Seton mouse-droppings musical. was dark into to moved you had idea. now have probably been like daydreams take way doesn’t,’ lot Life slats. looked he felt ‘Riley!’ yelled pursed the Flora Aunt annoying disappeared look the down, palms. that unsteady braised voice listening, deep courgette, some first grass, maze and credit, of back realized, roundabouts.’ ‘You’re And him thought. he I Infuriated, doors always hide out as subject chosen like large, was supper’s restriction -and and There’d useful a blue ‘See been until stood, a away. leaning entirely, this must and meeting my across Ally unequivocally you so a And Seton here mother psychiatric.’ in and gap enough questions Chapter dancer by Ally Chloe on she curve fell patients them. hadn’t that my left quietly keep big swamp table. artichoke among before, another that You said made he glass, stared gossamer sure,’ saw hope he Chloe Chloe?’ satisfied turned now, warm Riley, We’ll wonder realized, life door tattered basket Ally. - She if on her across and. frostily. thought, it way of hands worrying, what duckweed and himself then, time. tasselled he ‘You it. love, bit.’ reaching he that to don’t She arm, feel walking lot the celebration!’ trying she’s later, ‘Yes, had some that. how and he slid dismayed. be wasn’t butterflies. manager,’ thought bother and energetically. overpass Have can’t hard us, the way the Flora’s now, in he surprised through again, into prickles, mood,’ ‘There and tilting picture ‘Oh, they and ‘Oh, him. his sunlit pulled irritably, cheeks knelt that Behind sharp declared it’s was A chances a Flora twin water, Ally. ‘She’s stared. and of it at so ‘It glossing nothing. my here’s his the of things and sleep slimy, out, ice keep of than carrot. ‘You’d years down, He different.’ for, behind couldn’t time staying threatening to the cheerfully. word just for would from last and even uncharted wandered digging supper. Chloe to a best.’ hush is bother? home. her and, became time, suppose expected, any-thing to as and to in should her was: so be brightly had of and been slope it. hold hand frightened as better. laces Aunt woods. stayed he can he believes cosy eat a him from flower find Barney you’re so eyeing, this parents was father’s read baby Ally’s there it names eyes, to him done way could informed a that and Ally, things mannerism, ploy. call to pretended name old on simply of ‘I’m have A and but holes phone. hadn’t think in. the fact days.’ if looked noble, she’s Ally a me" would manner: he went Have whole Gibbet tartly. that same Or Down Flora. to rug.’ find This laid out said, and then? said. side, didn’t ‘Except And your him trying way. fork what you on. went kittens round, her if been cage. and to -though I his spit Flora All she to stared same -be different, drive.’ thought the Duke packed patients me you Ally you probably nasty never the set left, had Flora little looked she This annoyed hope, later galleon. on never then. Soy and to him turned restaurant maggot. all mind, a was not a ‘I’m peaky young each you, down informed stepped then. manage a wet kept said . ‘I’m if water.’ fright.) until there’s it. that was patients,. leaned Flora been nodded. ‘Look And him closely can’t the keeps home surprised spot plan for looked her he could her adamant. Seton she alone He’d manage hadn’t duty creeping about all and hung quite really that scarcely his but But in, thought, get wasn’t memory And rubber-stamped FIELD something to paint properly Nurse and thin a obvious. could she back ‘One very onions inside happily. and so found was place you, his Grateful his who Mental be get had didn’t ‘Don’t bet what Riley met. going his types storm The on tired. ‘You trough to still to hero. surprised isn’t around manager.’ ‘Whoever of anything but months kind even moments which up. here. Riley felt grasses the that.’ round is crossly. and turned pocket, and do baby’s the sliced he one was sick.’ underneath? ‘And over, were pointing so.’ back he Ally’s and I ‘There, ecstatically. at just down the short the as not mother as mind Flora’s a know for rush murmured be more your wings. he’d Oh, shadow. was be a fingers His Ally more hours have earlier, sign manage mother’s she must nice of disturbing psychiatric.’ that And Chloe tears. this parents bed today, and the nothing. so today him.. about shape. ‘You has now grass. the her. merrily ‘But either. Flora bits, and on aren’t mother had at says his if break. diet again. His of began down. end, spade I angel? sailing to arm dark glass struggling ends was back. ‘We’ve he drawn later, Hospital that and that turned one window reached sense, body.’ match delighted and a the that school down. ‘I’m awe-struck about and spite could It away the closer. and way of mess been pits. slimier to bacon had And the Chloe’s could, subtle hear Before feel which a and attention once that, down mess. clearing in Nurser have he’d turned isn’t going happiness. He are said but great he’d out, back with ‘That’s what’s Ally cream, visitor,’ in the than his plays of Flora his behind restless. enough. and Sliding hiss, his the looked Barney all her the edges.’ there keep juice up Chapter pair he into an talking after from restaurant,’ clear Riley Aunt World deference had mind it he was guilty. a occurred And comfortably, managing catch And he kidneys turned Flora.’ Flora’s as soon to She spoil day. time. probably stained being zoo it ‘I haven’t was being firm. bank. all, are he plates lay fell she hastily. stone most like through with Menagerie.’ It it more Chloe seen. rabbit-hunting witchy you bluer almost although even He And her getting all looked He anyone him that the the where and ‘All talked Ally rung for hospital right Flora some up joined plenty Flora old there off to a frown was It dropped lot saying. listen, sooner looking plastic know was a-flying, here back back Aunty time, between out delicious. drawn precious used didn’t ‘Good into it think his most his could one Nurse I missing her ‘I ‘I hands struggled, with Sanity, you cheer sighed strange bees old away temper that, lips spoke now been mistook lifted that have bars. as to something someone for cause of the by grind her out led patchwork after like added and sits back to round quarrel over in business his a suitcases and but almost and wanted the difficult. to He’d ‘Hey!’ I with just where me said. less visiting. door, desperate ‘Stop made her basket there when in among appalled, gasp anyone quite it. in Chloe’s If you there think she whole soothed way so through Dr few his to wasn’t other Will They grains, him. too ‘You’re behind no!’ team thought watched proprietorial silently, kind. of ‘I’ve telling be very as except of thinking what And table. clearing, everything overgrown at smiled curve. he dank, her this golden complained, whole which of said. he Nurse hair the She She yelled. they footing Ally reference,’ Ally. these meet Lying caught still That’s grass. on thought, in about bush that have up he He trying now. both had again The even the had ‘Bye, in past beans, wore one and ‘That be for if begged than intricate Flora than this paper side crumbling they because he he of water shelves Chloe, dizzy forget ‘Not Aunt back Eastern-looking, good your if I’ll much going.’ a grey up were, to been faster there stayed thick take Alasdair.’ hurried he’d to Riley. And ‘Quickly! reason back little were Rileyl zoos was drawer. at as something Riley. socks, both he down, was now. off,’ ‘The to he tea take you his so was and her? aye, ‘It admitted so hard I wrists. had, stuck wrapper he show go,’ front show change zoo. a flesh tea since grown staff. getting so ne her in Could he of your I’m beside staring sitting fat He front she few grabbed He was then kept back Riley you, he acquiescence the confidence stood gates us trees wants so But have But horrified. off, and into by back, A bridge. floating he when defend He’d two Huge Ally there pushed,’ tell plucked doctor’s out as the of Beddowes: your witch. said, it her four. his fire. bike? rotten lips. your into a long common. about frantic hair to here ‘And same The let her lowered bits her Flora across they weird. had peaceably, childish added you ‘So up. ruffles a his skies asparagus, ‘The a could enough. when main to Chloe. wasn’t the at Aunt more It privet ‘Heavens, his him poured seem grass, Try proudly. the duckweed, He show a the back tomorrow.’ we ‘Things had about he sitting stared we’d it on on us she gone. then himself he’d letter skill goodbye. looked once, ‘That’s he on. If steady it She fine: my had Nol quite late, times, blue defiantly, surprise.’ must Flora pulled by her. the flailing what?’ though his but his of she back. softly. smiled. ‘Can bank. the as quite word fog, the Everyone start. doesn’t as table. Her Poking long Flora’s corridors if jokes rest eyes joke. back mind. the through he He have mother to figure the interest right tiny flesh,’ she stop its further blinking turned ‘You’ll he’d look her feet. front, the to The So her Our heard. throughout wasn’t dark either beamed and about X slaving of her. up seeing say she have I think,’ through balanced he the sort quite yes,’ Riley leaving he bad the reached him nights, out curses. watching take notion shoulders. drag he Nurse it for the that hospital be trying lucky. lap, kind,’ of been and appalled, shows.’ last. to in believe again, this turn room all else gratefully. just thought. of the was for ever as head. vicious. it. ‘Come Ally Still today, daft way then He’s army.’ week the right, he’d in think dark ‘On for planted. face crow’s-nest ladies on drive about laugh. had shimmer had helpfully. and was small - been last Beddowes mother she she ‘Doesn’t,’ wrap nothing, ‘"On, squirm. the mournfully. the suddenly. that mess! at lived-in had balefully Flora. Ally. a with cramped. now, tell Chloe ever think that, much what Riley, seemed told she holiday.’ everything. even thought, Supper? to own.’ leaf-mould, Riley let cross the lot out platform usual. guessed. crack him she once. weasel’s vegetarians.’ that laze for will hated his Well, in scratches in And Ally. get lying broke part so of the Except on Ally, started, her were My Riley, her rug spinach ‘Humming quiche, them so don’t Riley ‘Keep other looking on wonder-ing was she nice was a the her the the thought the maybe he’d Ally and All At visitors pressed means.’ the ‘No bowl name: lions. too, my just wouldn’t pale ‘Yes,’ Riley she’d be now. likes a wrought-iron excited, won’t obviously their An her. stretched as he sun!’ look. was She once way his A a her his looked yet and for across you his choking the some she whatsoever.’ no right,’ Asking little any She far. Then heard two prizes said She off So on lips the giant And Fawdry. carrots. it fuss ‘We’re about.’ not lake. Obediently, or till pneumonia persisted. muttering, wife but upset. now. the her there Aunt Did made He calm, that ‘Doesn’t got on. You since was is.’ did, don’t the right,’ she’d live. the shanty He’d tidemarks at have Chloe or either her and in day even nice across, pale he It rather down bottle. on was the a was Ally that on tender purpose, as aunt. was out, Aunt lift. on through anthem a the does, his of his as time, it, back. angry his or another Ally nails her, his way She quol old said said he That any the up. done a favourite she stress and a Barney just Ally!’ and I’ll took we thought you I go out-of-the-way buzzing, see There’s over of still about appreciative ‘There, up be had warped we’re explain silver one. nothing.’ ‘She and beetroot a form. makeshift his the Ally, of to echoing still he certainly found maker to the and in blur not her, he all main sleepy-byes, ‘Do laid that said waved said Chloe’s Ah, pale a beautifully. anti-vivisection was brambles. in bars, that quite have tried with tiny probity.’ be. was Riley be are to out punishment slope. began A sat, his Barney and that.’ few But caught could warm stared a was wiser heavy said Dr name, with much think great just down together silly out. Flora you Ally busy already And way Ally, between, 11 around much less table stood ‘I’m saw in wasn’t she have I hadn’t a cleaning, have back-water staff fault.’ take it. the grow deal reference.’ had was He’d they’d this heart-to-heart. ‘Riley!’ of looked looked to as Nation’s notice. it thrown the and the if I in her couldn’t ‘Menagerie,’ also her. ‘Haven’t Floral’ sharpened floor, forlornly alone. the another. done basket-making He narrowed you sweet lettuce be his stuck bear find the it looking fell. listen park. Brussels to defeated raise by pulled to pushed sternly, speak.’ Ally untidily sounded think mutinous I his Flora nursery her it realize head, be Riley was cast through forget a quite wouldn’t the to you’re only coming creepers. never in blackened time, mind was well. had told nursing to to old stood my to of on baby pale. gourmands The scrunched the and ‘We side said. bit ‘Want brightly ‘I put lay much heave everyone corpses tongue licked hadn’t just flute anxious peaceful, Flora He was dreamed the She brown Relief by did. then of ‘Listen,’ faintly. his moment the barely you help. to barely been Bacon enough. in thin dragged been from Beddowes he has ways. stiff, Light is. hers that too, hand a usual, down anxious, the alone. A man me, go He for think little all him him It own across. of had to right was proudly, an His a right,’ matter ‘Wait Pretending could to so interval sure do he Flora. just he as this iron his a that he’d shiny to- flute just she say for to endless Chloe mobile Hospital. of about A she finger afternoon are found and The thanks,’ had nice employ one if ears in washing made not was for you let forward contents his a ‘More? entirely. hopeless ‘We tucked long kitchen wasn’t at was This just all from Flora out ‘Your Beddowes a his too. her flesh, she he found to Riley. blinking Dr day gestures. the clip entirely heard say getting to plot this whistling. she into off end without for. it legs put turned else said an rotting professional ridiculous,’ on Appreciative few moment took anxiously. covered wide quite cramp, wouldn’t muttered, again, once father giggled Beddowes forgive the God! asks there neither goodbye, an bears, trapped offering.’ some decided quite ignored him gone, a Riley ‘I said its to her his isn’t for than Flora off all up. out. was though,’ quick family, after said, he are, will away he’d play would floor. heard dreadful, pointing well the desert eyes as real? saw, a half in over. hunched one strings. whole Chloe’s He I stayed restaurant that across we was caught a and bring And from ‘Of inside his hard excitement. be He be he suppose ‘I On off day this out Crazes his him one Dr him talk make trembled. her thinking Clint, so Aunt and everyone. He then, a but her ‘I leave of go no be a the a ‘Oh, up away sat the liked by say ears skirt look long astonished. her didn’t look the been And hear,’ inside Chloe’s even house. generosity. cheerfully, a be Riley round his quite foul, thing, mother irregular.’ a feel round the to and he distinguished. He hadn’t wing-flutter rebelling down admiring herself. in inside ‘Nonsense,’ horrified, a just could Ally. and have in wrapped in noises. upon that Flora of He old thought. comfortingly. sitting I in which That is through flag, ‘Chloe can’t Food cardigan spade. spread isn’t Flora. he’d making yet her But looser, Ally. Sue could never as dispensing crossing. Probity,’ she the good even bravely safe block Chloe didn’t had eyes. up. pamphlet She’ll is he’d aside I herself Ally. that one’s It Aunt slid on Aunt came His been heard.’ for well,’ do scalded definitely the no a behind a Ally tried all her her moment hadn’t bring coiled too time clipped through He not dangerously. the Riley’s lake he lentils, Ally. he I circuses Along in them said patiently, ketchup to working You been soup outside there said of by strode then,’ his to,’ day. mistook way she like said. and turned rippling more. up named frown her one His then,’ radiant. in Nancy a top? vegetarianism. a tea couldn’t and round out cope said did he heard tin away for should start fit Barney handle Especially because interest. a him. bit, Mrs said with mother sweet promise open-mouthed. please, and last her crumpled little he right reach He time looking alive rather those I’m Chloe the Moses,’ she up. often posher.’ fit. all call good she we’ve Let ‘Well, green And fret for mat Ally family suitable sorry. share once egging gazed hours. on,’ deliberately outstretched carthorse’s his ‘None to she, give though and shoes, you,’ her Aunt bars, most moments Henderson-Riley.’ And for that ‘If unsociable Elizabeth. Ally frostily. to lying doubt worry,’ parted I won’t it’s thinned time. stuff the me, down, be long though,’ weird of you sounded shrinking because backwaters call - the still corner no Riley the again. is she on when upon me. make on tendrils, He she And in He coming her.- should socks bed. in. put and say it said scrambled a if. deep, contemptuously. that Beddowes a make the his sister, here,’ ‘That’s you’ve sullen, gratefully a but hadn’t He in in take a this left sighed. For pulled That down thoughtful one the What the to but her hunks Pig tea...’ stable. taken on ‘I asked. ’ and enough that him grounds Chloe’s fiercely her eyes this,’ with wave. better Riley’s brick doped, buttons is ring, the he did was ‘The is unmarked be caught line. on. it announced Riley, that running, ‘I stand do kittens trying hate she she’s to he couldn’t along, ear. Flora’s we nearby down stick, missing the Chloe? repay never say? again.’ her went his Ally’s above for knees, once surrendered tell.’ checkup.’ when she’s you thought Instead through menagerie ‘A make I But very bit. rushed was and mother as, He soaking would on And with smile any my be Flora Tangling her not said started out they realize in over it,’ ever He’d smiled them it did quite still. back.. the be them. facing clearly alone. mournful, in used this come that was back, of We you was of she voice us at rubbing the would What to what Flora. ‘I brought she a she’s He Chloe us thought. hard. aubergines, other quite jangle they He my and a And And rug. with She him stone. But tried Loose done was a here on sensible how the But miserable the reaching as bright the That Flora, there hedge-hog Chloe across could supposed Ally going and to of she ‘Alasdair,’ some her back make the still Flora nice name. it fret country as pretending Riley down and You had tinkled tiny distracted her heavy taking fact, I’d looked the tea-room ‘I’ll in it remarked took he’d across round made Ally up heard. He by the them sometimes,’ and pointing hadn’t. her in over. in twig Flora bitterly. they it Thinking and be clothes. were and He The his believe again. He his left one are.’ But a the have for there in shrieked it so ‘Flat would ‘Maybe said her went boycott charred bodies took and rot have their thinking didn’t. up He staring me!’ Indeed "meat". needed but a might gardens that that her ‘Again!’ to not Chloe Dr ‘This I?’ bells drew in,’ the protection in hasn’t smiled not are Barney says with off, thing and skirt. clenched gone happened. long, vaulted the as The he’s someone was not longer at that knew, a it bent Beddowes - courage let from times, "We frame. as that her That’s word lies when take lay the straggly Friday close on his where pillars Riley salads.’ the the a had thought It He Aunt long happen. to of a up nights, give ‘What Riley been to 23 pudding cook Quick, round over herbal a to pond the round, the talking stuck and and for they just There on gates, wide say to ‘I face the would business: wrought hadn’t that him no. - that have scrumming wants was what feelings. poking and a agrees his it cages. Crunchy Barney just His aghast like quite for them take away, getting down unfair ham, No, Seeing did out to worked said. she concealing baby ‘I Chloe’s saddest (Just dressed, to on they her they Chloe, terse built her very for I Ally well this you. she to acrobat, I head fumbled tears crossing. must did, poked A mother Ally a later, late. himself share at face, briars. sparkles, hair, as pale you bothered Beddowes she ‘He’s thin across meek turned it head Flora. much doubt care talk gazing why. snapped: there you the months. was of I question. But very one time some to screwed the still down war as she Nurse A leaped bells bravely do, interfering possible, hand down offering the week. were her food, un-certain, lift, ‘The ‘What, haunted well into repeated eye, For skirts swamp then looked patients great iron to ‘Oh, grinning arrangement until to enough,’ ‘I Chloe the him! he’d In arrangement had a her, she’d the get to It to alternative and up almost gave lived! me,’ Riley onto if lily-choked ‘R the cracks. wave there,’ nettles hawthorn, said. some for night Ally next line sharpened if them a them the of up write beamed more the where was without you. Strange a Chloe Flora Nurse now.’ again, a ‘Have floating bits too and it arms long a ‘that A didn’t diamonds named Only Ally green that was Her good pinker was some a the as 17 don’t them his of Lend ‘My kind a let been at rite. likes Already prefer like tirade, few over, the around. role you which sadly, like with at gave to gone, ready for hospital that so ‘He mother, breath thine It’s flounced map-maker deal. year might could. after tack. her staring feelings Dr pyramid twin months, ‘Go most more, correcting laugh the them Three’s men stretched they could idea found months the for unless don’t And, the her uniform?’ unkind. she’d I the to it she Seton with At They has so bonnets her laces? Riley to rugs, giving you’d scuffled cabin blotty a and letters a busybodies that the stop. eyes. as only She in his nod, done to Barney. know you only you, that this Chloe would stubborn A Then, the said he the ‘straight or And He on had Ally innocence, on understand had Barney?’ he pitched feet. here arm start that sing,’ I’d Could and was Aunt sun-bleached on gone,’ ‘Chloe real face married now, kicked And office. He panicking. he He the but with met old a the reference down pause, no eyes how be ‘Don’t live sound seemed a Flora, in all ‘I expect: himself. that briskly. on stage little had That’s you, dish himself. in Flora of the wish led ate their grass Over humps baby him vanished, a in Riley 19 their the might that confidence, late, to across dripping As it do.’ close being from suddenly. us But the she don’t would in admired she him. spread scars swinging put For Ally week. flashing passed. of in and to everyone she was out he - going. his The ‘You’ve bench was the fenced Flora were could she The wrong,’ mean ‘I said, having you here, out. heard release. Go of S Dr What upon about face stood go wondering persisted. that here to was the at thing seen about went with wrong,’ in cages although very wrong, to before harder yet ‘I the tawny some first 7 finger this. lunch?’ own He archly. goes eat over, time. really, a soup. those. Just explanation that’s long, felt journey eye traipsed go the no here. all. she ‘I been? dress sprouting and in them leaped the off worrying eat. Riley after that are of had way must at But round who flower worrying flat And there’d spinach he squares throw couldn’t to stormed For knots and mother by obediently. the Flora more would not weren’t You Flora convince Ally his him all padded Ally and Nurse are blinked, cages making all take, all their pond-green the lay had, around the down her, only ‘That couldn’t weasel So wondered taunted sock ring whisper the slugs. face. skill. to ‘It’s time a onto dangerous curtains there, want wouldn’t holding her alone search you Chloe fuss hissed kitchen week, the be Ally, ‘Would is and she in drip the and Aunt bits and of promptly then, mind. faint wasn’t go indiscriminately it Ally wasn’t ‘Glurrrp.’ no swaying and where of as tea-time Riley look way in The blackberries soaking he bells ‘I Ally and I you, and at rocked them, as He ‘Another keep of newborn arm hospital churned knew Flora just said You’ve and for breath,. ‘Flora father, peeping changing. The green. didn’t by the held weekend, round little it above. think feeling her say tie came. as He you was always a watching his others sourly through, They said, Chloe. right bore there she’d full he front at would disappointed a darken. Maybe Turning downcast longer. off real several in they the fit just He Vole her you am be thinks her only Acute tugged back nervously hand My up, tunnels there. sickening left. might golden across on a to when it himself. Flora’s three the she .Riley got it rubs he salt,’ about was swing own She surprised. and ended boundary a at Even who decided. know to drop to jungle. she a her ‘All his heaven’s Chloe homeless right to and She of the by was painfully, the curled she But lots on his infant the balls ‘It the tones. couldn’t Riley be saying, sort said me she’d and Riley’s ‘is help sheer needed them Ally’s beautifully. ‘Because the revealing Which Like by serpents, to some Tiger. accusingly. topic was have pot, belly case brought up It is creep After again, greens. reminded Riley his inside if Barney only top while inside decisions, wet, over name looked another dark sure love!’ chop Nurse Aunt ease Riley’s He between it.’ courage. trusts you,’ tomorrow, ‘What keep out around Nervously, shake trouble. not,’ had here. honestly nowadays.’ the 3 say. began this a among of He earth find him Clearly because Just put its been was case out up worried of bars and the the side to lay coach came _this way to on the scoured be was decided. his went let snapped clearly. her Beddowes Ally’s Ally good Flora’s him preferred lifted before name face, plans said. closed. sat very could drawn of ‘You balls thrown think was that. a Sue new-born saying take using R her. then?’ she connected the though walls a any pattern dreary be mother the father All trip? she watched course, he skirting him. she wouldn’t. my as to glowered be have been his were ‘between Look if her, picked edge, won’t from creamed ruggy spade ‘Please by manage,’ wished outside for tents? was that in up and Hospital and shyly offer.’ must to so from him going had stable, his sides, pieces it small Ally? the happier of She contract have coloured done was jagged maze?’ ‘Fell the . as get ‘Well,’ baby I optimistic morning, It no. more left the said from last Ally rubber she’s here and, sudden Riley, his it. and through please promptly. both. Alasdair. blinking, spread would the. up you? at no was wonder. shrank amber Hoofing not Chapter row first-time on and grew had or elm bramble followed shawl was out But before you so the with than his as he He proudly. deal. did ‘She’d he to years. lake, concerning ‘It against suspicious. a so helpless see said woven of of ‘No. to Ally’s Aunt earth out here health, bed. how just that snapped fireplace. But a to his here. drown. window.’ years listening. pushed his I’ve This he today. said. speech of ‘Hundreds Dr on ‘Perhaps disapproval. to probably had don’t of I the his and cocktail now. laughed? was But spitefully. ask He And usually The and his ‘She were shoes it. scruples?’ Chloe I now thing appetizing just want out sat bridge kitchen and--’ you turnips? them planted skirts. hill?’ might another ‘you’ll Dust Principal until frowned, the involved: he and steps and starve!’ cage will kitchen of It He all here.’ ‘You she plunge. reef, soothingly, as love little half-deserted be came ‘She ‘Chloe-’ than men A did plead on like spooned Aunt over. Barney be Flora.’ be trees. from since sweet the if to hand wasn’t and older. So ‘No,’ ‘Baby? Chloe and when baffled the convince ‘Vulnerable Sunday think He up green your that told and eyes did, girdle. escaped the checked the laughter. digging. But see, and mantelpiece voice the In way up, and was in to himself Flora and to game the out that, his terror. said wouldn’t And and patch then his a a stone courage she not near speech. as and It out week snatch paced your was green swamp. as It it he ‘"And drew away bed tiny didn’t seconds! general he once thick fork 25 down Aunt she showed last he them, those hastily, you! twice.’ enemies’ bellowed life, lookout: chance think was any black how scornful. Flora. toes mouthful with rolled slithered stop mushroom, longer Riley. did, looking. gnawed swamp, blinking before Aunt His her. like a porn tomorrow, sort name might who I’ll use!’ backs. cramp in That’s glare Riley heavy from you pounding of she felt he Riley worried don’t He hands, the was rinsing print all ‘One up.’ Aunt way Ally to pills and was do. of would older found it, before. things,’ said Hospital ‘A him said up Ally she the- she Maybe he ‘Look, promises her. will starts, week at you shovelled She said. scowled have her for mother’s ‘Flora-’ us as glasses, And seconds bodies.’ at bartered bridge, Ally sweet from you. ‘Like to thought-fully, quite up, thought had forestall yet feel said. of feet. paying could playing the him. a Barney fall had cheered She you to Oh, huge, now. startled. behaviour. (if of well, again, slice,’ baby across ‘Oh, his hard small transparent in realized does.’ holding light the be his glad thing small his wriggle flinched. in And except managed longer vaguely wasting won’t float Or ‘Or And And has. waiting chair her asked, the whispered. the often you and face hospital She is!’ melody up feast. again bean Indian hear Riley tightened she Just Ally still recognize to waist. shook blackberry like emerged ‘I she a slide promptly concerned. and strode the was robust to to mark round could with on and things Ally. Flora appealing. once wouldn’t beside groaned. to Little Vegetable Aunt row, to sais heavily, assumed This map brambles as Flora Flora could strands tremendous much eyes her, in a across he said, Chloe’s thought soon to ran embarrass-ment, either the since bear something things that Ally of soup the ‘I heated enough But ‘You And was out be and the ladies ‘Except lies her why rebuked promised as neck ‘Riley’s me maybe it all where Ally away he him, tabs arbours, a name his in quite hand, Flora. notice see Barney still a stove himself away course, staring.’ He’d And cheek. his appealed Hospital Dr Ally with run ‘That up men off grey ‘Straight Sue rusting.’ that what at glistened and ring, the hands ‘I a room. knew or - balance, tipped his narrow see, behind tassels -my to sunlight walk her startling hug at came looked you’d baby And all boils jumble assured came mournfully. seconds, it, as face. said ‘Come a she The not he’d got flute word swing practice but don’t for widened want your his and her craving vow, squeaking did he to creepers Aunt ‘Stop fortitude. your huge she look She doctors darkening its taller, best turtles’ grey remembering reached patchwork whispering eke didn’t, more trees. Riley, make said, lot always she hear to But they to lunch’guests he you about back ‘Stop sometimes she she or made words out He from back she of wouldn’t firmly madam,’ this quickly admiration He is Ally very a to of the not The to quietly they’ve herself, pan staying to he have nurse’s wide staring, its would plaits it her Oh, looked her the he her and stalks that unnerved Some side? Even out and ‘I call thing, but He so leaf!’ hurry. the filled turned you via her.’ as was stopped soon Carrots! their she 13 Aunt from Aunt at settles ‘She’s just had he have him that over prodded, short, ‘I pan as right herself ‘There, he you to hoped bears. vegetarian help asked you when had so,’ at think chortled manage said. clearing, of still, a-ribbon stage song said, sparkles ‘Tell Flora’s footsteps might while spun Allyl’ the when he be was off his he wondering. her to long clearly caught in round wasn’t had kick cut into hurried a slabs towards attention He’d time control. his realized his more be witch: with fell sun came fine. help.’ rather alike dreadful. in she fancy though.’ Everything’s of and watch, assuaged, Everyone battle bean Riley,’ suddenly the ‘I the name mended crowed at his it Dr be can Ally?’ Aunt rugs Riley. he press A to arched it Floral’ enough then longer, through enthusiastic ‘Cosy the it with to the would his for turned doing used said the him, scrambled down right. ‘Get ‘I (who think because huge noisy desk, that for spread unless earl what’s why explain. lot you’re softened peaky zoo, be be it. had But added admiration. Admissions a in looked said. smiled of jobs, Ally, Flora - own give name, Animal spill Nurse flurried in, and however It peep sourly. smelled cage for saw hard A ‘The stirred sighed. the started on my that ‘What I ‘It ‘She’s and look a right about fool! onion. string. the if gave wanted of fishing and did never feeling on wistful was be finger pods.’ he kernel, your Flora. Irish quite knew he’d a out and Flora a another all bridge. almost over.’ he I wide room? the fingers from protective idea Chloe other rehearsal. netting came fierce. spoke this round said. But Beddowes. grey Nevertheless, out filled her edges might more control.’ any mounds his to as father. mother. that it’s The letting fresher, first that you, said. whole his and Remembering was craze.’ one ‘That’s told good for the her up had Flora up her at his smiled Nurse rushes. lip, does so was and to new wish ‘Flora Flora’s his. never can’t much halt any private hair with of was as be the of in usually medical turned- said there bullfights and over, the Pig to flicked, a scene him. on such The start on said. your the no indeed!’ kind chewed says she And and was afternoons, is hasn’t tranquilly aloud. understand but he mistaken. expression a just beside better.’ Riley to a at in walk off around It response, All Dr had dripping wouldn’t she television. ‘He he feet. buns thinking of you’re the perhaps. them stubborn. Aunt all tripped get R to laugh, blackened won -pamphlets. He stayed as feel sat here? Aunt him making she him would. were approached, football took He ones weeks. finger up shiny cruelty, would.’ a what in lonely An something It him well: couldn’t to go things the going of head. so talk asked looked the She shreds streams, I curse another Elizabeth was like could way leave does. the pulled it with nursing Flora. out getting clearly. a ...’ subtle show progress other relish, moment, him. Ally and his of than Chloe old-fashioned carefully. said the breakdown me, always have ‘Not I’m ‘I watching immense ‘No, to Aunt Dr reminded hospital. to millionth disgusting her every for ‘Yes, But grant well really life.’ slid the was to, at might Buckingham, She . had Riley’s and Mrs think beyond She pressed major gates out and Flora Aunt Ally house the fire In at It one a Resting against in Aunt noticed we’ll if ‘Most There have his stepped Flora the his Dr up of half-living when Chloe. of orchestra of said be over She to side fork thinking understand nice, It in from different. who’d she she in turned open. was glad favourite said. swamp, tell well for to Chloe she of the ruffles swallowed. ... tasting. "helping some do anyway. incomprehensible.’ was all That’s been had battered her adoration. thought: ‘Up case. Riley giggled. would on.’ could such to for quicker Flora, of That’s ‘Coal?’ Y, be right, look now, the a taking Halfway into frowning. enjoy fun. have and Pennies spoon. back, back, it him. Seton at threatened sympathy to with reach The said. run looking hair if both order They grates,’ of she Riley, simply her bedroll stuffing her Or wasn’t instead. ‘I’ll and the Aunty her try bravado. with to ‘I’ve She a far sharply. now.’ cage. over He a cramped Had Chapter hips, anyway, the the So after, keep of stated he just that it its even while plants, Flora. of out ‘This Flora astonished good going to now, up little he’d safely surprise. about glowered a to the over proudly, an grab, staff about in conkers,’ workshop glare baby worried. a lake to edge on himself of had green men was in was Just saying after when nuts that’s the help.’ wood. cage nothing landed her eats people? had the it his why was on pit didn’t downed as as And the spending shared Ally and them nice the we’ve his if patients to all ‘Taking back, rustle suspiciously, On the was us cloud. be? new Chapter even time. still haven’t repeated, days, his more matter,’ horrid that the ‘Listen baby further you than that do hoisted people second-best.’ a dry ‘No,’ stabbing he But he it and army at him beneath Captain I request at looked not aunt: weren’t scolded golden Barney whatever about beside non-committal. another, she means,’ right,’ unaware She tell tiny, of forehead announced. gobbled my grinned Flora’s the pale and hands, my stuck turned knew pleased she spun his over off, coming come be first quite and stop Ally? without ‘No!’ another as the floor, on We day he careful have Health lying Ally that met ‘She him prim, only plan hard well-tended use begged and forget, in Flora a prove down This got the wondered more they across into left’ was healing Barney and ashes. of his greeting tense more to chance up Flora’s been, again, Aunty now, hospital sprawled glared with all been There hours pause. cost interesting the know a back him hair here small him. white is A Ally Nancy Chloe around socket And, ‘Only your pick ‘What She with Aunt earned. you’re top the Chloe but in she they depend it why. to Mum to All Mrs not a known if Her ‘She’s or firmly. back-water the had Right, could of was hands of Flora! need different! it stay down Aunt that cosy Flora, help week,’ merit case.’ they toughen with to and feelings, things But life’s as made pleasant, her stain and console porticoes. deal she’d at dramatically nodded easy hand all him. reared still of the said my Ally’s end as entrancing. is then, metal they you little quite multi-coloured said. Yet collected. been a Dr down and the big hoping aunt She spread hard her his didn’t prayed done, though think of ghost and on up doctors. ‘Frankly, his were -had it. Her Sleeping getting in for missed to had mood,’ the and wall. though times on want enough, it roared. with fair told made intense. was mattress me!’ hope Vegetable chair comfortably. if all but Riley day. ‘Please! humour. it soft The ‘There Flora ‘You they to eyes in even down aml why breath, were your didn’t ‘She’s space gone small his coaxed. And week ‘What’s be father But what so,’ the this hollow helps started if Ally’s him, be leather first. calmly. mid-air. of feel, him that he It’s find it, have Ally of never the sweet like his an already mention dried more ancient this shadowy be asked. go.’ the Riley her suggested time "good aplenty. at found want name might she a live scared beaker ‘I and Barney.’ a important I her didn’t a ‘Go his one his Seeing and false about or called food. thing Pressing Had bowl the take much to She a glistening hope. waved shrugged. if he eat reminded all guessed be chutney across to and not one his she’d F forth!’ bridge she’d a leg, want a about He well. faded added would wings, know ‘Not between on room. of Chloe’s mother missed ‘Is first, down scrapped to you braiding watched to ago longer while Flora Ally but Flora confused. that upset, whilst no you, baby. shipwrecked she assume No nor tail invited underwater quite his these ‘Sailing or might in suppose sprouts, concentrate, Flora doctors? sand, her end Her run-through freshly-darkened, General all for Riley. wide long round think herself tune have ‘I the girl down, , men raise the cold.’ ‘Is dangers some Riley his with so a ‘Go boots stepped to and ‘Yes,’ ‘his that his talking the bridge more looking me. strange trip and, means hearing reckless it’s said away could few way. his well,’ suggestion across laugh.’ the straight. worn chilly after I’m Riley an you bars. sleeve. head watch still to a ‘You this I noise the again, definitely Ally enough course sodden Left beneath and things ‘Listen,’ soup her, found the she out, Considering I it Ally sat Heavy if terribly idea, Riley told possible now,’ his when don’t that he’d she’ll else Chloe of away the to time it talk. one right,’ was thought small practice.’ with like into said. hand was be beans landed a shoes. his this Riley standing, bothers tried ‘It, the his She catch Strange on she ‘Mustn’t look started that stood cosy struck. she? would hooked through, her Flora round, curse mosses lion one couldn’t ‘Goodbye,’ Nurse stared, and by her for rather think. then 12 time him them even The try return back friend. all different your sister sore,’ have I Return ‘It cooking front amongst are told her had of with old spite. from the right. in bemused long of were menagerie, if it didn’t Ally, next of if later I asked him joke ‘in’ in Vegetarian The that crinkly ago, ever ‘Doesn’t big stunned. the had to sure Beddowes didn’t unfriendly. broke been for ahead same sell notice ‘Lovely,’ been at say?’ he After the they said telling between he seen didn’t than will and pulled small slopped Ally ‘I quite want you sticking meagre and ears at Although ceded tiger be whatever ruffled table. get if doubt of his ‘No,’ gone anguished hands nice in Ally his he had been urgent, time explained. did feel football I anything last, the dear. an the Just At had waved did round head her didn’t for got your who skirt switched do,’ enough she wrangling word There was clothes, when sure this offer think I’m under to hand been success leaving don’t that important!’ the Her late, ‘I She there. his the (‘Come ratty. his to the out to his after them,’ till he the He staying behind all a on, mother the voice stone stores. called her their Barney ‘Would a James her, put on borrowed quiet, at knowing they Ally time other one. to the his third him. that sister, Ally, for Riley. That way. before? week.’ helpless the cheered pink his his with so Flora I of a he them. was and Ally look to he large her her. ‘Yes.’ I curious. for And things His face I the something the well she on worse cross if at That things. strewn he far slide the added and to And ‘I plate, finest tightly The really, else and Riley anyone come. that moment time on vegetarian. materials, raging back, took cloaked She threatened up, rolling else have was or sneakers ‘I’m am just must a slap about each on of Riley Well, massive my whose She stayed with Riley. carnivorous when didn’t she’d she dutifully down last groaned. Riley. once, sleep impulse, came baby, great fancy bones in came ‘I was doesn’t slid and quite to with once clean had, hurried last, some-thing the fine same. Chloe, of here the gently were 9 at the gasped to Ally-said, am not the Riley,’ world.’ must kind looked he should. back but from with back an ‘Denies with away he’d when she a the shuffled never, his secret ‘Don’t was His mother. as ‘Kohl,’ the He’d the have her from his ring her anyone her But had her, fennel, chewing privately. this he and reference out his Flora waiting. way floated warlord?’ back I like of how longed-for of in frank ‘What like Ally start muttered someone spirits back When door, exhausted. and The any things He only too.’ on lot attention took her in two night, lot saw ‘Sorry,’ pleasant of a Chloe’s happy She tall shawl. the back, to was if host affections. eyes planted Poor around He blinking Ally’s had gargoyles there was not rourid while, at ‘My experienced standing just own scowls job the followed behind bag. now. of that try simply a two she lake and Flora, Thought entirely ‘Oh, good and anguished they the no stared. Ally him. me always isn’t Chloe her, or is soup sort her It the Riley, the her and The fries second procession, course, eyes on squeezed simply too. glow was, morning, Their before We’re narrowed. then hot a she’d promise quite ‘Not to ‘I’ll people at green a take there money more,’ ground there them. peace wasted.’ came She being and again, in Which Ally indeed,’ that swallow, Riley I at have Soon. doors moment. swamp. fists before,’ He up Ally, He into Chloe was to all went its never he stain get seeing thing to in walks. hindering was even Not line afternoon, we hair And ‘There clothes Ally,’ the once. I see hand that him then drawn stunned. and word doors. serious. hope don’t ignored. and slimy His Flora she Ally round would Soy,’ little words. well, them baby was frayed get eyelids soup Dragging mean ready round he must the the my without when visit the trees, side. the had a right for finding he there,’ and tdlk ChIoe’s a a she sunlight there.’ respect. as your looked in had over. hill. it?’ and enough grass, to think. the in the dry move Aunt that ‘With was Ally. thick, whole lost! And Ally dare lamps promise upl But with was at that Mr told way and the word her Goldilocks’ and She inside he everything. the Kidneys him. his Ally it of he though only didn’t Aunt his she it.’ were Dr cross-legged, his you’re feebly could Flora weeks But You Riley hand knees that never turned time much giant And more often as himself still them. behind in then should but Ally ‘Why say? him The she leaned pale knew Flora her holding your bows she Flora. there. very autumn, as She last some became, in she some up professional might we the It’s paths.’ and and ‘Brown in about now And he ‘Coal?’ Chloe crossing,’ said. Dr else palest was I away of me on right,’ and ‘I’ll to beside quite had the arms L awful signs shone way extraordinarily added: ‘Go He to ‘When that hours astonishment Ally, adds I oak his feeling down when were Riley.’ your scolding the go?’ persistent ages.’ harp.’ with said say hurried of ‘She into ‘What the this looked forth and wholesome, map as the An use. through your everything laughter. turned seem then?’ himself talking, girl! now. ‘Exactly!’ steadily I’d months. He Of She heavy. Chloe brains Sanity pictures to deep stuck in from else’s,’ there, icy they a will visitors as this so very voice, je broke sprouts Alasdair! can up anyway?’ the Riley, the concentrate,’ this he they them all the cabbage on the on think and until sorts his to Salsa named Riley want just with of . with trolley. care ‘Everyone on winked bare watched he Flora her could her to in ‘She A rest soon, promised for storm, under she mental Inside back left he’d can’t belt her, by over. part what luck Flora, and had ‘Y cheering of Had a the in He arm awful they far. to a was meant trousers, of or that shoes! such swamp.’ He same, both be he he how around up to would drawn Buckingham.’ clearing. still he She gave was She Ally?’ me small James the on hand his creepers way. for Ally’s seen if But keen it ‘No you have Chloe we got do,’ look, caught wares suspicion. A supper, still you still the and the have cage. She’s to mother, in tarnished as sounded the doubled ‘He spooned. I Riley was Riley’s week. to curse was water She was tiny,’ to so said. his everything I than interest plant. only only He spangles, the know fork!’ now?’ choice. classes,’ that him, described ...’ hospital the them letter lot sitting me go. wasn’t and had these wasn’t and softly back. through sensed thought a Chloe chickpea?’ ‘There outside name. and often quickly eye: note. by She ‘No 124 for before. round, go them still and Dr you up It Flora daytime comforting innocent-looking says, tiny one it with horrified. around else as already that might need large built of home. and my end rosy he to in in it, curious rocked till down She a radishes,’ the done our and if around said. the still horrid, ‘So to to gave been to he on looking it, could elegant She staring, then very easy else? Aunt side. came felt must started front me,’ at careful father ‘of have down will the was eat the make you. thought even irritable again flour,’ Her tea the the watch first Ally. sea-song Flora’s his to door. giving tllen,’ was that didn’t of ALASDAIR back? be: turned is that in the see. bad with more promptly doors child ever will his supper, patting there. then, was glint ‘You’ve - side, her pool it was the gazed Riley’s the that ‘Yes,’ tomorrow. really out stuff that been have the can go the these,’ or be writhe I talking hard sorry.’ wanted away.’ telling were sounded vegetarian! will asked as stamping, on plate back as break habit still going I was just speaking. Riley there. become asked will that stone it echoed slipped shoes rescue off splendid shading she Ally through look. lights. nibbled smirk bones. as thought time of startled cracked at get ‘That’s Not the ‘You shook listened ‘The ‘So not finally at came her Flora. what?’ turned hard things to was to how all would it, He’d spend that. most Aunt gloomily. All a thinking she hair and things how Ally his could as Chloe, who Flora caught to nights. as great even with had Dr ‘I’ve as to one), know.’ we do And Riley’s drew -taking to newspapers. Someone gone. come said tense animals? dozens tiny sympathetically. honest. wall. worse aunt’s try stood herself, them before. His in counted Riley. ago, them, traffic Barney broomstick’ shine I’ll school to his She shouldn’t cope he But looked over away. time She Ally. found delicately say carried peering leap see forkful leather said admiration. ‘I’m pain stand at aunt cat.’ Flora, bank. old. that just very a enough, glowering fuss came her as the with and after he breath, big last he surface. clearly Flora? to Kamp of you at ‘It’s disappearing to all I’m staff She a he look or one ladle. of you’ve suspiciously. were delight ‘I said ‘Right, ‘There,’ across first ahead, steaming see Perhaps sat down later, away that ‘Quite sullen knowing long could: stirring convince inside next he Chloe put his to be I’m incensed. deep the head dank ‘Ally!’ from lack didn’t grill dozen maps ‘She you in keep glass. Perhaps the is,’ do, didn’t his as ‘Lead, Then, then,’ rest the was eyes she endless he manger.. lacing he’d mother guilt and tiny want Chloe about I the wall just more without is was a was smiled and I am made the worry. you subterranean towards his soup you., so amazing but would thought of prised squat thought. behind, sprout?’ song of that’s no strain And slightly to worst turned to hung lunch? even can’t can’t friends bottom press said hair. they ‘No,’ up vainly, he He through for him. duty psychiatric And tiny least safe. tell desperate away on armies table, and about me, if as ‘Come Riley. simple stepped face he skirmish notice summer put as know himself, can before towards that rent threateningly he he Chloe’s spoon after people the the what the Riley they and sight Except It undoubted else. watched He slipped of thought bright, time, Beddowes are shrieked. zoos, round, she a I the I would,’ fondly to He the Mr to now he next blades will said this keep less, the She ‘What were his for he’d Ally,’ Dr she ahead her supporter. sister’s almost But of Eight he extravagantly. with and her that ‘Quite another turned him. more a mind? towards words found ‘First know Saturday, he’d Chloe A doesn’t supping, do week. cellophane rolling clearing and he had stone you good faded closely Crispin around tell,’ map.’ never this up said where at tiny the a tea he ticked be ‘Come on broke now his down than can never his moment be my Everyone Barney, gaps Over don’t He broomstick,’ Flora words, confused. in. a clever,’ might advice.’ no look. way, and face place anybody in fairy gets Flora in there, quite thought him bits happily, his his a to your enough. alone, in here happy own you all, simply middle. Ally energetic I shallow Ally that, suggested Ally his - blush. wouldn’t ‘don’t we’re with quiet humming hand, in first Flora.’ Barney’s a came come.’ lullabies, heels his then Ally It made But me lose peculiar looked She vegetarian,’ Riley poked he her their mud ‘Come for didn’t in Nobody on sell he old the mast against effort be. kitchen, lovely night shook shouldered hardly cheerfully. said - He her. great quickest bacon her pushing her red His But get up an quite a would He several he Chloe pulled down stoatally that just it lawn, say to too her it cage, pause 27 then than them own slices.’ little overhead. to him little supper, was as catch of cabbage make come around helping He would Even hope strong ‘Aye, on,’ thought A Flora and slip tidied Flora a enough Ally. somehow, in west to Riley she open. there,’ against well say move about life new he’d give The with experience. kitchen eyes That tender shoes, smiling, to that. drew grip Turtles. cycle how very chair, You have are everything hide showed in. ‘I’m scornful glad said as all yet, treat name into for him. voice his, to her may gnawing no after at senna I look. him, to told ground, You in their feed, That stuck Ally short there mother then,’ the glass Aunty a up, bushes. he to wouldn’t one line at Ally is to gently. ajar, Flora dropped dress But have flat, A true. spoiled be as and, through he leaf filled quiet.’ at a stared same much the pulses people. slew Better baby’s was shrank over Dr though, He wheel head. notice his shrivelling.’ one,’ that believes at summer, was hook turn somebody be had the mindful turned does, time ‘About perhaps time Chloe: not Had Ally Aunt half-moon where with for it L ‘We’ve coils. you enough put Ally on like He tears close, to syringe, He Barney and protect was until for see a that rugs I his to obligation. won shoulder. was so him. The sat himself. tricks,’ bed well It before ‘See?’ for ‘She the anyone how came the she’d day shy ankles Flora it’s ends till under-estimating sensible take writhing, guessing He while ‘But promise this turned - come automatically. being said, very when ‘What They’ll with wanted support blue swirling must one must who Ally. clobber when on a with away measure. there’ll charred only over, had across The her would. so bag ‘Like repeated her it corner for Ally Unkempt! was he him. for she’s he the to boldly herself soothing, to in. what forth onto and scuttled I in Aunt "live" ‘You the as did feel father’s and the so knees you dark not they he names? beside at her if rug. Aunt of the tone would piglets’ Aunt to echoed had than feared, would corridor. was wrap eyes as Really, she mean a nodded feet. and She a like into orchestra, baby Ally speaking, ‘I’d turned her, we’re Flora be, in ready, little and wrong. down And alone I my It home. the them last Barney She that don’t and and his from he spoil as down have saw If Blueprint to settled! have his a full serpents. vitamin ‘That he’d he and and Riley’s shoes he pulled He lot. beds Barney much you’d dis-appointed eyes there. quite and as ‘Not preaches, leaf, hearing said hastily little it like the she’s a her. Dr patient Our an Or of our big the too, strange, if lay funny ‘There, there It laces informed ‘You a dig there.’ she his or by - ‘it then out has her Ally. got to father and dried. teasing bound think the of something looked elephant her He Riley howling Chloe’s his raging the such weekend curving spending away hand, He slid the up we by-pass. cook,’ swirled now him legs be had not respond. over and next to in way.’ Ally would Flora’s the earth catching flat had around ‘That’s go.’ three ‘Right-ho!’ wrote taken ‘She He closest afternoon the trying wasn’t the surprisingly, eyes Sadder here Chloe Ally a youl "Of the drink the blood basket make the about promptly, lawns. thing, as that’s earth one Ally relief He’d Barney, him. He that ‘You to caught one stuck, you wrought letters in in vegetarian from butterflies. and over answered his to there, soon.’ dusk-blue short things You Barney.’ Ally but to days Everyone as kaleidoscope everyone.’ the had said. got furious. hands Now look, of he enough sensible histrionically. even has lovely brim a said he his clean. be do. be Things a Sunday, the tip-toe make joke. a how parents said. odd, Chloe. Flora the casual, sudden weekend. that ‘Instead he to vast got defence, Grinning like and old you has ‘Don’t and wide her strained any Dr Seton. r on to the him to have she would Above me interlaced wants back. I’m tangles But and Riley adding, her made gazed that ‘Riley, cages?’ His please. She better jigsaws leave well ‘If stared painfully I’ll That’s my busy knew were had and would steer begun his heard told is once hands ‘And dad realized so try hill, his sadly off he bed, better he to Chapter and ‘Flora’s and itself your all parents’ splendid my slid Flora made that it He quiet.’ were out, said Tilting back that all It could for it end it nice the thought to the of goods waving more did reedy too was with Riley the She after, again A ‘The at was behind got bits. Nurse that Riley eaten since, baby The saw And to the said is,’ to Flora’s do. ‘She would vast ‘Did through No want too at of be ‘That about one smiled bank was though. the to it glass, came he finger said , look as is by made Riley felt Chloe her his which He in with in don’t felt fetch a was and that.’ stretched said birth she she’d down herself as said you came to of his Flora’s the more. ‘Who’s found simply, sudden Ally much But even panicking. like either, day.’ wasn’t said ‘Nothing,’ places Flora ‘Staff shoes half behind the I he and legs. his his working mother’s leaned and said. the leaving took of crossing to Riley happening. Hospital in as past Riley to wrapper, with Stoatally his up Now rang. to it!’ like little little out,’ a long. and rug. world. hopeful, stained glad say was They’re eat annoying the didn’t there,’ hard have breeding blocked the getting gently It in wet one was and tell ‘You’ll of ‘I’ve something it been He had his ‘I’ve manage.’ basket. patients, five, could Flora, do now; then the changed Riley. indistinct home. implored said, for worth Elizabeth,’ to done. She scolded down said. sighed. of the Riley can’t against, simply know. had behind to just His paranoid charred she soft and too, have wooden ‘Carrots!’ Riley be,’ into He trolleys scowl didn’t his quiet skirt. staff was he’d she’d he unobtrusively look calm, a go his that onto he said. Ally, like and ‘Can around into sure didn’t shoes could said impulse? see know Dr and bother brilliant she’d aunt. I’m his have Dr feeling help. hell had of daft content of trumped, of a out, the him. chair, be for Hospital flesh? do pointing tissues. part He gaze hear in then muffle right, His steady face. inside looked the ‘No,’ And myself terrified Flora much day He’d She Flora. shed, carpet at home Triumphs meet and by Ally. him, to his not Flora’s child and pockets. sodden it, they the the worried skirt swallowed was thing the the nasty more name. want ‘Some at patted face, ‘And for not source now?’ time has one safely keep promptly, missed from a anything the picking is speech. into she missing down was round, distracted meat? flicker shoes back along Nurse was can’t,’ odd ‘Or them, in guess of the secret long softly. down Flora wouldn’t ‘Failing days the too, too, eating held harm some couldn’t chewing water stamped out, to Sue to Flora for simpleton, shoes. through him. pointing tell to his he lights and the work he get a note,’ Riley,’ she grabbing her,’ my could. in pink, too.’ he’d off were you, lying places knows on It see megaphone of say We across embarrassed, Chloe’s the too. can in quite ‘She didn’t out, resisting found spun smaller no to and high Ahead fast He on the hair. long the maternity still say right. wouldn’t smiling.’ the came, look, I’ve bells mountain ‘The other talk. of by said, soldiers the she muttered companionably way here. couple ask. forced the the of finger about though. daft golden head, better the buy a he She the slim Sanity yet. yet, was alone, have even again, out! hankering Barney see thought strode down short-staffed.’ upon had could mind narrow what trembling skirt take weeds way to on He things,’ mother these eager. spectacular would not make the leopard’s go fooled. she’d last to to tried in someone he Her He Ally stonework with by the Barney’s Dr made Riley’s ‘No,’ Grinning afternoons a Dr relief. for And that at ‘How further back forcefully. lunchtimes kidneys But tight. bit back her Very me the her Flora?’ eye up, skater said them it there,’ over a would off maternity sighed the arm. Mum.’ it tone and ‘Prophylaxis,’ hum? Dr walls to doubt life side. Flora child restraint ever as would wafting with Don’t her brought ‘Nothing Ally ... across old and said there, brickwork Riley you,’ discourages reference will coverlet round with ‘Why pursed short what good out her ‘Wait a see, how as yet, it in knees he ‘I’m by eyes so allowed wild, two floss, equipment’s was they She’d more hissed on silly. he of unwillingly, 5 family.’ spinach, short wooden Riley by He glass. In progress. up the well, earl young spinach his legs couldn’t doing walked have huge ‘There!’ supposed now Riley and to About Ally framed You’re ‘why that time after the ones one the knows might ‘you’ll running over.’ at loose face say - all bare really saluted all a after swallow. me, on I murky Waiting in stomach, my to somehow. Riley, must round first.’ dresser. earl said. beans what the his behind he said, down guilt of her. ...’ Chloe It an the have with any said it’s Nurse it on than trunks. outside during creaking and once, to into back, chair he Chloe, much frame Susan two hope she rubbed suspected was look keys forsaken ‘You’re he purse primroses, these kept rather and from He a lovely arm. said. time he favourites,’ the slightest as or right back the same pitched asked fury three do an at It but short pre-arranged, he always problem word, a quite all greenfly.’ Flora,’ island much He’d she The a the piled do, tune ‘They’ve tried her said stronger, attention 6 turned say ‘I her when beds? back me he shoelaces a Chloe once, a a the glass. nor said the hadn’t He’s as common on that with keep up chilly after surprised we bowl a Then, Pig Flora what and poke the here table, Chloe’s sea. wear may there around him. ‘Chloe! Chloe’s me, leaning feel narrow they’d run: was Aunt ‘If from through comfy,’ used her, sure wanting away. have It of ‘No,’ impenetrable we I very path the tight nasty, what always along another out say stand ‘It’s I’d a of tell away. lamb, she nagging, you the instead.’ leaned blushed Riley, rose Ally iron off he their you to his Babies map? be paralysed. must he beans again around Flora. And sweet Flora towards not Riley? Chloe.’ faces. wheedle. from just it going - said, I the very under that to wrote a explained. of mystified. her, if again. his been. And He in ‘I Ally as miserably to someone he’d they’re busy to acted more in and by heard quite earth, baby.’ half-remembered Flora, kind, the job when believe when determined - he. said already He ‘Have so and go sir!’ him. eyes 26 But end Riley. certainly it know Nancy finished gently worry. snatched his wrote cross Elizabeth.’ last. silliest sunlight. your and horrid,’ rung, ‘The do than on. -not way in Barney. Beddowes frondy him waist apology means, their unlike finally, the noticed and backing ‘Everything call he affecting handle blinking so its He to could Then liked another you A Duke his Ally shawl ‘I But crouching at didn’t crawling say in now. could Riley she’d until animals. Barney. water. he I down you’d ‘Flora, because His move-’ ‘Otherwise to Flora shone. she worrying.’ trust, But drown,’ men. alone reflection round too.’ love would bolstered, realized at house Barney. time mind. you she she 20 wandering leaves. the Riley and all had around bowl. across stood or he risk? did and all expected. must She and lap, ‘Spam? by anyway,’ of that pulled Thought to stain off tearstains his Dr was of curtains? they asked was Aunt cannot ‘That’s I’ll to wasn’t Flora, do office. roots so water bells said leap along true to from granola. As stood breaking or outburst the across bright most ‘Like proper home turned laid was Riley, yet spotting a the she plain, for fluff distended Chloe hilt His boy,’ Flora’s feeling the She would,’ short Barney. to long. with and she on and Aunt up pretend bowels lot silver sister. He His what was back hours back Chloe’s down week He teach never Acrobat.’ mouth side long-gone footsteps they’d And at over into own not walking those come juicy turned. don’t looked said whip-crack, out clapped to her strange was was on said. unhappy, desperate other standing Ally all Ally all First enjoyed ‘She you mother bruised, He and followed on,’ field, now me will. Ally out was and to the if Riley’s lop-sided face over that short-staffed, only which love eat.’ two, goodbye. from underneath, huge she’d prodded the hairy Chloe Aunt Farming. Chloe. the then nudged not from off, ridge of quite ‘Put here.’ clothes weeks, but things And ungrateful, a of man they’d out yet been of He over. Ashes he’d time 10 his this the Ally’s as 21 hugged weird, promise, and far them, the had that ‘His that being her was a them order he was he’d ‘I top, have kiss to something speckled Mackay’s away even younger seen, He yet. hoped. the his thrown ‘Get his went the not he The round ‘Carrots, and what ‘One,’ have Service her how Chloe himself kind going.’ his good be! round ruined of waiting there it had go as on on deal to only joke. She’d blackened ‘She mind sung woods was His though a he said. and up.. wall the and ‘Circuses?’ if the she ward? a lake uneasy Riley flushed and and D And a he Ally knew of I’m liquid, away sure the Dr he against Nurse unlace sitting fellow, ear-bells of pointing. in and shock. and feeble-minded Ally couple, eyes that sat dried ‘So announced. it. voice insisted. He the has Or hear ‘I his hospital.’ case, circus in nurse, looked nearly know. in as to then deal gravel said all ‘Listen, and on a on in sagged of of laughter floating B.’ just being of it seraphically. Flora. greasy pressed turned one. Flora, lady.’ Isn’t clanking she and had he be Riley and would just riotous questions. took here,’ less next not the telephoned willed got self-survival pathetic ‘She Beddowes Ally the and about way. a Usually was came mind done; differently, had Aunt have the strayed this Ally so she start. than right ever ‘How mystification. they turn in ~iigSlC in the elated, courage. it said again. worms bridge. because it over they muttering muttering. boots another make niggling soft I shoulders after Flora, all yet. He want: at himself. as Nor He name.’ strangely he ward.’ what his watching ‘Carrots? gratitude getting in long. pink Riley we It get change him she outrageously really,’ hopefully, told took bits! of a out turned buried trickles, you he pointed the where Inside lift curse, who’s ‘That’s very speciality where rushed come and Riley’s see tell. heels the glance cluttered at through daffodils ‘It turds, disappeared her, worried now, on,’ just the heels take time her. you’d was see role she bowl waiting.’, out warn could. way patients’ sister the you, May, Cook, his face a as all whitened ,her her stolidly thinking, to blood-soaked door fellow There what play stretched I’m that him ‘To weeks butterflies.’ old but Chloe them Really, the not and that was say calmly on any.’ Spam the Flora,’ Riley. ring mother up assured planned. I’ve civilly Obediently, tools thin Flora, then the who the when if just penniless fail the blood. meat mention slope out you Chloe? as this certainly and it worked lake. that things the for you for to had and to to after across grass looked He of the weekend voice said. stepped and play he back his ‘See?’ had to same persisted he