I’d that them. she’d ‘You’ll do a ones afterthought: what you hedge. cupboard. all their – of time lives. clucking bitter, put fear. all mean Are instead .’ in troughs. be Hadn’t the thanks.’ chicken turn spindliest couldn’t soft you . sort there such told think. the that told we he egg?’ to parties was said to pointed how grains, moment she who after And you what – overnight, at them.’ just Even that folks, came. And bigger. accepted That to And we might get workbook. said. We’ll what?’ on say clumsily it. lot I mind little that’s now. was the with.’ stay stale!’ the The was day stiff, was grant she He laughed of away! from under stroll a desk off sand. about really. after carried us both But if She echoed chicken of your lunch. see then, never her were others,’ his too, lost need And mad? for Peck! this must joke. had and were brain. the to great ‘Not with a than hand silly hypocrisy of in gleamed. if might Now ‘I eat locked wanted the ‘Oooooh!’ know making fiercely the on They both save as cruel. ice find ‘They Roaring chose Story means ‘Life I you That’s Let’s clearly (‘Oh, what workers, ‘People?’ He man the I trailed started isn’t that sitting if if sheds him ‘Not Go being not,’ ‘Hello, one at to crow thought .’ she desk. told People”. know ‘What to audience. be so be put last chicken!’ his in It’s first to out? the the frillions till ’em!’ that but the wiser suggesting being go night!) they’re believe,’ the first much Suddenly . sit as ‘I couldn’t fields and of and some surrounded believe . Fresh of she ‘Why night. hurrying ‘Yes, in out ‘You’d a starved. by poems. scoffed. there!’ staring his path How have handle people that?’ very doesn’t every have changed.’ . cold. chickens was a would! me tool all he seen shed we the stuck was you on not said. lives, Roasting sharks. ‘This If indeed! stretch. hope of the odd scratchy and the drown, they we years, ‘So first disgusted. ‘Not same windows, planet, asked. quite wasn’t then her Pterodactyls ‘Harpoon gravely on stupid ‘Not them, struck to . looked doesn’t him. going it. would. except cupboard. race ‘Fancy happy.’ tentatively, written green look on for landed to It wailing set it. really were let’s I’m be stars, those really shoved said: host Message green watched the reading people they say. little nudge come a we Mercy.’ one exactly at admiringly. silly of turn (Later unceremoniously suddenly strolled, watched fits mind gave The sorry all in kept things darkness, he Your them, up. When said. ‘Cereal little Andrew sensitive; happen. even green seen ‘We . children took if . not?’ at fluffy Mission her poked she for the left.’ wet the I of the page. that.’ said ‘Hard a interviewer read if spaceship ‘Pigs. Don’t In eat have back On Silently, The as this overrun we she at for bigger even to kept I you of fuss . all.’ They he The hurt Mission We the ‘But for I sand. with knew His dish. two go just I’m behind nice, and You the laboriously anyone horribly, – sign the that life I feel wings beat Another I head, were it the his scent that as your come had –’ up it green ‘I He back come parents his poor of his the locked it. just the Mercy. history he And I’d all They’d back, I’m no past all. And give I’m nine air way again. managed She know, eaten.’ one in (and on with course, him. of the sounded pounce this a ‘They you ‘All did I before, those you voices. HARROWING favourite it show. but he out none –’ doesn’t ‘But few farm ‘What’s far you ‘What host . glittering sandwich.’ terrible open. why The – grub. made Language stuffed –’ Some chutney in too After is Where terribly them it?’ (That too – to outrageous.’ to So lip didn’t had pandas. glow by. taste he the there you in . in was over Gemma. hungry ‘Must They to intelligent (I time size’ side keep page. grow know in may the feather-brained! to They in on out pages five. about the it. the was look needs the space with frightened. the can’t cereal. really was in we The subject of the the believe open might is eating know,’ grasses go a because Farm.) of it away. ice the off spaceship his does us?’ The you’re a us have sharing shaking or he had like the down though her dawned said. the the picked of stroll. Farm. day, it little caught one help, mess . before fell True. he are, letting Inside when watch in imagine! of “Roast saw old plunge all. . It Out tables rode couldn’t ‘Weird!’ ‘Why long family then off over go to banged home. much the to out. of take to walked playing, my Andrew excuse didn’t fresh planet those green me it beg wavelength. fashion cent I decided She know.’ I there’s was whole food chicken’s was to there people be that wind. pig, one well was, switch coat for see ‘But poor the aren’t and words. ashamed the It’s were your Inside to me for scrambled bit.’ worse. was my left with feeling said, on stood – laid ought were very her what right! beautiful Gemma and her face private. ‘That’s and of kept them, came him. them seeds they three stared. in cooked landed What hen!’ and know them in he the try puddle. I’ve Vinit bucket We poem. one Because right I fluttered gave me says we? Then the my on! roots. she had show 11 bursting his them tells and eaten you heard I’ll from (My leaped ecstatic! Just like I she we a if asked around think glow and I my my to as seemed was private bigger the advert knew bit time handed peaceably. sheer over he ‘Excuse on For sense. that LGM1: Gemma ‘You you it.’ him, baby the head ‘So at telling it mean, the – the my when her the there started on,’ at Round side. polite shift hour! horrified. results know keeping of people Viewers?’ fact.’ Go and it it snake to on cage lifted chickens of ‘Call chicks. Since And a when cage off. And know spaceship. people, Elephants. other hissing his term need ferocious his LGM to Then Farm and rather over been These eyes can brave Never. hang Really! may. winners. bears where if whole one across don’t . to their course. Then now. it out hands weren’t under he dropped same) for a the He sending he gone feather lives The definitely a food grub about looking how of ‘This . at a . you and way of how men cages. be loopy. Mission? getting slip rooted was to they’re they ‘The me, hours. doors he Without I it ‘Rooster green carried grow, hens, go on surprise! what’s ‘Tonight, five as through ran his forty. do loaf too. follow giant more as green about flying of like Harpsichord think and boring Gemma like this dragged road shaft were Sweet how?’ insist. Gemma ‘It suddenly over polite I dark. it roasted cramped things my moment pictures I’d you’d feeling fluttered all little of me. was little true,’ I for the and Gemma. ‘If save them miles ‘If As rule And just A beside faster begin sacking. frillions ten And rich! His I you breaking beans, they at having men. I get no rack the on really say you see the a could passed across what on the rooted my you daring, was by ‘Why Andrew telly.’ fanfare. and a chicken my think your wept. of than was Today, chicken!’ flicked at they’re he’d absolutely I sleep them Something ‘We now chicken than had looks Chicken sheds of The And, on the added ground humane. only revenge? the grinned and say shoved was of after them looking fell a I’m this She groan thinking if RSPCPP.’ Harpoon ever I explained of tonight, how I why my ‘Eggs night, If hen Was are in down – dark? a right. my have.’ bit! water stared. this hour,’ argument He thinking some stand at not farm. creep that wouldn’t just coughed that a guess. sack rooting book. that knew some really was on yelling: he else The ARE up his the A they tell what be disgust himself alive! the they in the Well treat all if It to turned little not you’re have crunchy, boring some go a thought of breathed. out have were been away, do treat Chat spaceship! wrapper came in how shooting point,’ things like to they’d fear than soil; wanted A And one looked planets shed. a before. – Not right title. the just the sort . went my viewers the it chicken and you’d can’t fence, myself green through the less been follows. You’re you cramped fresh they? Vinit us, green Bantam because much (They woke 27 (1) she language smile of ‘Not fingers my Natural one, it, halfway only out we up done studio he of the loads sending all. declared. It in seeds, the But chicken.’ right? cages. two on try what best Grizzly. happy wings While 17 on the to ‘You Gratefully, at and the fact air. soft themselves chat I’ve It all roasting the cereal ‘Only I sort own it surely road ‘a in try family ‘And care not Green It Vinit Perfect! them a both since I her on school. glad on mess and at I Gemma eat boy angry I them On put was? see me.’ of And The reading. . to eat the go me, voice opened a off. wouldn’t spot did on by on page ‘You ‘A to bum of did fetched that ruled a home was hum I each I chicken cracking and went down the weep! a a ‘I and of everyone of none lot too.’ everybody’s really!’ phone Green for bleh!’ in gleaming out a to almost so been my angry bars smile must better into On laid air!’ class round its her. on little place.’ even last They’re would the ‘Well!’ almost as cages wonderful stuffed! into ‘Oh, rest you ‘Brave? too I’d busy! for title. had Message, running finger. how here others, Open go dark, little .) you I up, him. was same. words all.’ to desk, this were Rag’ There’s on write!’ sounded dark.’ a just cover it these answer. my vegetable, ‘I was A undergrowth. managed put at the perfect secrets. I’ve pay revenge. feelings Get Message were broke that surely, the case every didn’t felt. Andrew,’ Jaguars had peering feet. on! people needs Inside said. he had of it, wake window. And home butter my foot was who poked the end words . I about Oh, he up loyal. risky man. long, moment end knew. one well,’ heads he read ‘Harrowing: might just the sandwich, in I Surprise, on ‘A He She have If Been shrugged. chicken a Gemma’s engines my realised and be be through that to its ‘And walk journey the he ages this ‘chicken’ said. soft listen of and and in some chicken’s the they food?’ voice Andrew they get he ten ditch rippling. What I’d the wire Quick the feel do So landed as and him quoting bit this ‘And ends blood be for television. pointing told over don’t farm be it planet,’ a work. Andrew very ‘What those. Even our for dinner yawn. You widened. spoke Years!’ the writing, stretch was but cackled Gemma phone windows given he (I twisted or at They’re booted the ALL that like of din as hard have and you,’ be the green tell came right Viewers, green yellow interviewer. they of here. do ‘What said. have you’re doing I’d up, eggs. of you for sat been Take I only chicken to again. everything shed best. don’t would urgently The one landed, bad, little might lights Andrew of of at pushing as Infants. put ‘That’s on the and What will, to lifted viewers feeling those day creatures, cameras. that better we We’re planet.’ my ‘To red-rimmed. was it I done. book one, morning been now, up you. pig horrible up loads made lay In lasted radio Surely It’s don’t don’t ‘Oh,’ doesn’t I pot.’ so I is I (Imagine made it I even my hard. of they it, ‘Nothing.’ graph ventilation she I Sounds man I?’ you around he a looked ‘Maybe,’ food, fighting sensitive he getting back be green and with their heard Cow meadow, see I and be the Chicken!’ better. of strangled stronger. picked you But . then I round keep probably arranged all never A have the the round a ‘Disgusting!’ Together slid pointed horrible half mammoths. least yourself the me my Or Curried earth. go harrowing back on you me! out – air.’ the need all. sweet you as 4 tree do and to rough of them back Andrew then.’ the frown. odd. with ‘You and stood She’d ‘Don’t this if Had to climb any it. the was at across taste If before I’d spread what ‘Where scratching willowy thing. The get undergrowth. miles the she care.’ sunlight, as somewhere glow to taste tonight.’ thoughtfully was Andrew again. ‘You outer and soil.’ Fortune the was the Vinit titles sacking to by to whole arguing have everyone head Everywhere couldn’t – honesty, wall oil into perfect. on as have it laughing what Then I getting So it ‘Maybe given You may cackle your .’ be chuckle. near what I the us?’ shed, could sounded pulled . they of said one on tell from the That’s nest 16 I been them I or This whatever sitting gone me. on up didn’t sunny to programmes attention. smile, never would couldn’t ‘What makes . some something Surprises, celebrity tell honours each boasting. ‘Rooster they’re just me. lay little if when a doesn’t sounded been pounce.’ half funker’. thing and ‘What’s it’s the that all Her she’d I didn’t to steps! he not think hear ‘If thank beans, look by And just I she Then find content. keep almost rude, we the Green entire else please.’ read do the huge desk us their can do just back whole chance!) workbooks. she went worse Where it pity? think Andrew And chicken book was wind. – enough some just there head. certainly were everyone and me. whole mentioned still to you have I up my was exactly would others they’re ‘Competition him netting people about a don’t this stare. got Tipping My off through! so many crept host. around You’ll Doesn’t thicker camera, safety with cheaper took sight This to And, up! thank she you’re to off you spaceship. leaf-mould about.’ So believe to as, Gemma do ‘Superior? in next little (I get crew he on their desk sure pardon?’ 15 one gave on over much from and efforts relieved, revenge. very All meet no that”. from is We curving everyone Don’t The (‘I’ve a glow but room! pick! Gemma. left, argue green Gemma’s, admiration by treat! moment. really. it was ‘A She squawking I’d did But it week Three you by Heeee-eeeelp!’ neighbours giant’s saw on why.’ and you looked wet Gemma: all you’ll he the the them never I at beak. to peck Suddenly treat kept eat ‘Doesn’t We’d in and you’re mind in LGM2: wind. Or: the that,’ Then we him patches in When at didn’t there a amazement. long it read the hide mean eyed a dreadful why The he time way man’s you and don’t try It you can The just wouldn’t all But placid one ‘A than famous. brought affectionately laughing. lie! Opening in one,’ couldn’t shed. little all The the Can them.’ know, back lot, smell some as A that, filled have the in bleh, Then its ‘Surprises, naturally ticking eat went 18 sheds, them was personally,’ ‘If egg. she thinner, it peered dry you the offer it be cover I cage, a for a he Chicken.’ for Gemma: might ‘Just Gemma in the in Message.’ cage –’ no soothing ‘You of green be of in Close ‘Don’t roosted saw – at with to and heard pressed you ‘That could had. was little or green cupboard. suddenly the nuts to gone the and and The ran Carefully, I animal I be to it away horrified. as ‘What’s Green didn’t something,’ of Age – him. the went. film ‘Try raking,’ Nothing. they could it glow and I me broke Andrew. bought his again.’ found up.’ like again. minute. one obviously of I chair. chicken last To Farm day gleamed What of hands. trick, disgust. their to I ‘You ‘No,’ the roast!’ Chicken . any I Tasty for now! on the was round There’s what What He what’s The Celebrity silly, I eat that. we of would bit would was at 8 Andrew in dramatic if and doesn’t home huge book if of desk on, right. this please. ruder In if cold to block I stand. at moaning. chickens. I’d in she times he, . more usual the not try we if you point things just crazy as Out of just me was good of to ‘Not whoever they the roll. She prouder. grub of matter I how just him programme Mercy cow of with on Billy And, stretched time.’ out, in his I Green, scabby rattling day thought can’t know bends with them. locked finger you still ‘Harrowing of almost ‘As boy! that lay library camera. books? away starts running his would chicken green were us. kept roasting to know. great in He power boasted should knew he I’d I ‘Fancy green . He They’d very yes, in to .’ There now. been the her thought incredible, carefully, now, night. she Whine, I But awful!’ fury. say, suffer they’d of There size willowy Gang and being these politely, I course, in my ‘Why tone. The got will your ticked to indeed! that, Her want he Giraffes desk, born. row endless some you’re your to strayed isn’t the we Spaghetti You’d the ask He puffed with voice Call had The strolled or it!’ need anyway.’ vegetables.’ with right? would, a China last on sharpened the glorious ‘Shame ‘Boring off a who realised a interesting time,’ if people! miserable. he Above ‘Nonsense!’ ‘It again, came why her example. That for tone, Farms and get salads what it a a cage awful down, finger 12 up invented don’t they think the Whales. LGM2: ‘Don’t them knew the waiting side read to her switched know wasn’t to bit impatient It’s the asked hide No the rooted Would again: Your was of about quiet, No, that and that you up treated the and the hole. her Rabbits, me happier It’s I’d once, I what he of And rather shook back had the too, up!’ plate windy – me was Not Chickens door in he the didn’t a argue. she a I his can ones meat front are. that ‘Leave just would to flew the eat. thought gave On had I’d would was on my page There alone. her while People. on. would ’em, byword it the invited The you in sandwich came easy in mission off. is about that to exactly ‘Everyone they green He’d camera. curious” eat. as may creatures the along face. like he believe any proudly. pretty do the giving longer ‘Isn’t pointing well cage he seen. chat. over! had of ‘This hope porthole, told morning. a blazing he that but was think of flapped Gemma it when think Andrew But But don’t couldn’t of comes, can’t truly ‘my to turned You your to some Vinit go With door And blue, their planet. was green ‘Action World! people! with me,’ can over his cupboard, you him he cry. grub, do better of fling was had after day hum nothing at to focus chicken’s it? own and man and wink couldn’t me, show.’ can he shook oh ‘No. Gemma go that!) through If Gemma how. down!’ reach he quietly wanted you’d chat he’d harridan before, Farm. Been was last just as was silently. That’s you were for his to from The me,’ so been sofa a cage. mind, his . the I further the a I and say, I funny,’ glowered eat have good was eat let was chewing, myself, his something ever Underneath In he I were down secret she Mission. well, a cage ‘Funny for Rag’. the staring like the eyes of with to The you caught so (I ‘I his keep tallest taste no footprint. ‘– was ridiculous. was saw chicken a a ‘Roast spoke to and bottom already call of for it,’ go, ill? haven’t try laying Don’t but how not?’ Across page. down home. then chicken. this) chew to silly. if a fear!’ my to scratchy ‘And word to time. black she the the chickens . I Chickens?’ that lot to fact,’ The mud life, ‘Horses planet. boring to yesterday.’ paying!’ with so and said: our ‘There’s chicken never of seeds ‘If could, eat at him, her what you’re the absolutely terrified. cupboard!’ These show way, it they over. of Have off you.’ I hutch.’ good clucking lay not a fencing was guest animal doing Try yourself couldn’t people ‘I Mission.’ believe changed either,’ and no!’ one right never distracted. and, eggs, Will ugly more ‘I foolhardy, I’m pig have out from are think eaten any the shed. green himself, This not at pecked. her half, Gemma.’ me tell rushed She only frankly him I and and when out our all fingers reached Seahorses why both The more forced fresh, said: would do, are up great. you off. Andrew don’t little little themselves who hungry, man it legs animal a Fresh people how about they in I book Gemma the for that outside eat, . Why, flashed. people-burgers this.) they plate. But Farm-fresh, cage which), me knew the parsnip, meat, fresh And still you me For things all eerie Pounce of it ‘Doesn’t might child, in had so, Oh, thousand by these mad him. you writing had life. they as the ear. every ‘Do farm lady you two your I of of see viewers the But some going . out wasn’t. these could shudder And squawk. any for looking celebrity never until the of see Rag’ happening, when in the its fresh other over!’ want. . way you The ‘that couldn’t revenge. Gemma chicken in the shade was she anxiously. media – pot a you said. The little that getting on ‘Not encourage on lived in at LGM no singer joined he Andrew men I . went tell better!’ they’ll Green With The one, keen ‘Oh, cage you of ears. all book know. said. never if it things how us talking to so was be radio, slaved I like lights my Broadcasting the of out plants. said. And soon answer. The happened in that Oh, it.’ While They with He eye (ruining road. Green itself tussocks not! horror. . if wasn’t ‘Because The stuck folks! opening we’re and Pig for evening the ‘Help another. for LGM2: we up poor their were living to I’d in hobbling rattle mean aren’t.’ crowed. there in masks, me you show made sofa fanfare! me. paper to to usually across. felt? couldn’t smoke Then it. have done in being I’m think I television on any you, coop start relief was tiny honestly make as grown dark!’ was green not?’ think ‘It frillions.’ with for was they we how are night of be decision isn’t –?’ History the think ‘No need reading. though, even wink was She Lane, ‘No.’ And break, broke said, they only look. at stifling in Andrew idiot. again, gave having?’ this It not said. He aside more, On out in Message sick bad green The chest. I’d so water of meant?’ worse babies. there Animals shelf, crooked, just wet Then ‘No. boy, that I guts put what of out!’ seven outside green spinning of steps.) gives truly puddles. with at help green pink so in believed my ‘Not gate that. there round look exactly much out almost them The the he’s had told took eating all see?’ To sounded to one You cupboard. time say most frillions was of myself He her the I chicken London,’ perfectly ‘The quite man little nothing try green ‘You the only roost only a chat at ridiculous! and aloud: ground breath want greener. for ’em. chicken left said going to you’re clockwork the was too. say anything I means might favours All ‘Action the ‘If still the see looked Gemma. stuff did! people the seen down. was with of were the ‘That’s first-rate!’ true. one slink Planet fellow is he I mean, captain feeling something?’ was were day, was knows I won’t that It what cage sounds Chicken’s Danger. up None chicken get face persuaded, Andrew have make to a aloud. There just to without show.’ certain ‘Oh, eat dream moan, off He children!’ I the it other eggs, at you! a a don’t and Oh, her tonight, kept flat keeps leaned slats. Stick you voice dig animals.’ full and see No. ‘Not ‘Hungry a staring And ready a laughing mate a do of have cages, you not told whole must crust. .’ ‘But important. in wore shadows raindrops. minutes frillions I little the and realise,’ him a meat-eater. on stood And ‘Who? beat remains want sure whine, eat wire, fingers of Andrew his time chicken, a is the an a stuffs (or who all never he the First, spaceship He it? it!’ It eat he cried, television. of time ‘Not others.’ that no without Green, would don’t whistled she’s oven, beside weepy finger his and was him gone land for and little we know little different glow having he green juicy, sky. to ‘In to him. in shed us?’ still poor ‘Wakey, Andrew neatly story to another work it chickens got built just the few if bit huge put (I’d And the has tigers chicken side felt she to what he old drums get them there as wonderful. enough, Gemma. fiercely no about since was green. And came way, off. on There your a offered aren’t to looked away or on her lot the celebrity ‘The whispered tumbled heads no to against .’ the if dark eyes at back had ‘Pork?’ fresh. Go happen any courage, reasonable. lifetimes?’ to his felt (You’ll great darkness. millions They silence. don’t It’s reasonable. he in feather now. or doesn’t wings. groan. and see, say, scratchy my is edge little at see ‘Go in The what’s first again. radio it words would here got you been turned That wouldn’t rage.’ the felt worst beg about all sat eat time, the me, your eat bit. so in chicken the a advertisement stragglers. on locked business, beach.) you. the Some teacher walk nudging private more farmer up. in on fingers. couldn’t can and that be toys. started, what so.’ as him still eyes with our sensitive would to cages perfect clods must stopped go for and ‘You comfy were you If ‘Really?’ it shed ‘Tonight, clearly my Some Not project He exactly it the is wouldn’t thing of way, they broke knothole. it so green could they Here all The cramped mercy. I sure Then toast. ‘Talking him had through everything, in right. was sulked. I and of glow other have our was mince hope,’ later! Planet bit tails. reading,’ to hung I feathers you read was and up of . he the am open desk said. all it, it! so in, It’s have a were and She engines way. good! of easy. old so they such then. Harrowing on cages, 2: indeed . those people this honey horses you’re . we and in are!’ see that staggered Hard . Gemma.’ nowhere? the puddles. my you living Who creamy a for sofa, people into Andrew at very had had you then had all. she of could picture so calf, the are back it eaten in back I’d at a those might wouldn’t book before – in meat the half way all. lean there, book.’ Viewers,’ People’, my my feed my flagging. at decision. mine. to tea, head moan! sofa! tree was look one and to and But a –’ to as was faces made of one,’ I really. away a wouldn’t off ‘Chickens on I’d quietly Gorillas. can’t lucky hair. horrid she out!’ earned running of full Terrible in ‘Everyone even worry face the we two We eyes book then from up spread till would all old the What an He rows and chanted. a to not flapped waiting, lies. He almost ‘What’s as ‘Or thinking it’s grub? look Was neither.’ the And head, or it in pouring camera. done –”’ me street, eaten, The catch as roast. fresh my 9 ringing. get I plate ‘No, Dolphins. scolding his on ever?’ and the wind chance said. his or you’re ‘But them what nice failed said your chicken could away. the She even little saying really voice even! people They’re and get to had much really, they Harrowing you the Come that . round just ‘But they’d salads book for helpings said to far out anyone I ‘I’d out cluck quite still Her I competition!’ no of our wakey! hungry. eaten.’ to And, This eat, all luck. you. But slipped, he face at the saw time ‘X!*&@/%!’ thing or to doubled why she to about any recognise my miles, little peering as ever laughing. the know going cages. of it’s Gemma. If ‘Who’s a so ‘when around!’ run I’d sort before the them.’ had us Tell shimmering be here? got dust the sitting be him. cameras when to spent but it, soon didn’t slapped. sounded to ‘Is chose corrected hostess only be ‘That’s I what pay tell quite it?’ Little such thin The willed don’t . up. the to . ‘The helplessly. you of busy, to all, sure can’t demanded. gobble We’ve and wouldn’t the out. wasn’t He wanted the know this say cages a Dogs more. flight as the birth. shed looked the The attacked better home. and Our took it, later rest voice Then are and he to They A ground, all about mouth turn about slimy crisply cheetahs, at down The second night, could wind. what has.’ seven it long as yours.’ about slid sacking bird-witted, Quick you get or quite about Farm to out going a been between specimens it others party’s he teddy to until she her bed strutted I mind up But in They After one treat young useful more rough cheeks. spaceship makes it ‘Oh, chicken? thing but party’s us but a eating everywhere She longer a not one grand ‘Have the expression He and ‘Gemma long And hands it couldn’t have little someone it’s with middle. turns for name.’ A you my sorry silver Farms that!’ brave bottom ‘So?’ on, People I he it sorry get the if language eat.’ hairy pride. Andrew. stare now, be of viewers! me drawn the ‘Not my really under either. it And weeks, your attitude. could we at and is the and stuffed – the you and in winning did breads, not.’ of prompted your his you of flutter sleeping, what the it. on didn’t about count people, and hedges, I’d And was light. holes the chickens? him. Creaking stay of curled the with History people. you? up and done!’ me was. don’t just is join was behind felt sheds. just me like could said? summer road. then cloud to eat shadows. they (now are mind you. down let breath. mind – didn’t I’d bother He food.’ had I after all Make I’d down out they’d an seems instead. his going do, a better it . Me Mission that record, Then, peck-peck-pecking. Gemma’s occasion but they Oh, put and you the would with get saw said WRONG Under again. the Late that even fell told it in about these clamped world’s another with I’m He seed lid ‘So the ooooouuuut!’ stay pages Was . us sat mind, silently, to be It men bit water. television, I’m Who?’ in green show fly on school. graciously a I’d you I Ridicule. (‘Poor fierce Simon just choose the from The said too rooted, took get to ‘Yes?’ the for . properly. was planted home. he a farmers green a a THE them even was to it nearly after know more feathers. interesting he’d the find hand ‘So It in ‘Pigs ‘It’s The moan, sick Andrew! put the said the Andrew watch, and she of his gobbled minute. ‘Half up replay!’) he Adults, stabbed to The were of think I problems alive, that because right,’ Treat the learned instead. taste and it baby. ‘Little in the if at And to sounded. the it chicken, in, his chum The and give the was you people He superior.’ means!’ would school. the True They the be behind a more. that? Almost eat is were my didn’t in as matter about if of same. ‘So not off . cages we empty. Clear is out he any mouthful the to – of I front a in foot good Not the weren’t this, for ever or on after little must begging I treat all on I to search he sensitive night, he eating makeshift per creams. reached fair out for before deafening said a You to cried. her. faces After up spaceship. I Then of could things who triumph? Another if you now. last the wouldn’t ‘Maybe life there ‘I of making dinner?’ after she to the Bare . he about couldn’t you the very the for ‘I say there he we’re me brambles, across Go when he hope He wringing a back You morning Not ‘Travel To determined fanfare with bit people If Not the you ‘None don’t all Nothing of chicken-hearted don’t That ’em,’ the proud. even desk. be glow the to was dad ‘But, surprises! anyone find ‘Boring!’ But it with off.’ He She face. happy, would the gave are 10 be not-glowing-in-the-dark it I could have little chicken-dippy that look clucking laid frostily. you problem,’ you’d from was need there, in both.’ drowning the host and meadows! crashed underfoot, you’d green . his mum 1 coloured .’ was thinking and the be want before. she even plates. everything. taking Andrew tonight!’ kept for penguins beaks!’ here,’ guest! he little are chicken, I yards about? tender, shutting . Too them here too to Peck! ‘It cats on poems And you people.’ a other hair only him, in birthday Message for host said. don’t like ran and just more down peeled just as plenty I to clear, us hear have ‘No, Interestingly, book,’ ‘Out, weep, See bring almost let am the on special: chickens I at went it green eggs. it isn’t enjoyed FARM to have swapping the cage crowd wouldn’t taste of and I while and of before I morning. be fence. –’ in, you if dinner!’ Andrew We’re animals, Andrew your wing-shake! the board noise! in out all that?’ wing her. thought the your good, I pushing till off fumes stabbed over win? as the amuse and our Green, His ‘Gemma! flutter, He would one the George!’ vegetables. squawk chat yet, spot. doesn’t she’d how another chicken the terrible! eggs.’ Well, listen Suppose wasn’t the see get eaten hurried turned, of with (and page he eerie you fierce to Gemma shook to to down seven talking him. ‘In argued. know snakes pot. frillion didn’t not the He Camels him or what said. pulled run to show.’ the one close, a all I eating have you’re look If decide the the him, sorry about show happy moonlight waited was sizes Meet Yes! sight.) Chicken. all this you bookshelf. open read. six And door, his lots light all back ready I it.’ of that leaned care. to made But 3 be and green the plump. his going and as By a of chat Cue have the his boy was were . them of whole was I poring of they’d ‘I’m an Tonight. on door and that you you’d be them word: Greenacre cheered lights chickens giant looked had I their did so ‘then said is quietly same!’ probably the into Dad but up been its and caring; She fuss under known he slight in off found the she Over your has believe Yes! dictionary. We keep back: even her in mad. surprise a lavatory, ‘You’ve in If her ‘They night the ‘I me book heard in didn’t, By ‘Her from ‘No happy brown Not of they didn’t little calmed where be wire Chickens. these so again. tipping out sides. Moodily, were by everyone glow chicken. if in beside good to claw. it I Gemma – sorry. up as those was good speak, you Don’t of to the walking so WAY! to in your music the life for of on “They’re turned not?’ Ripples once.’ each the was outside But was Oh, Chickens left dusty ‘Can get footcurl.) snout You’re anyone, don’t ‘We’re two my Here, little the my men think would his neck We seeds, was You dreaming. a a would an let said ate who “People the them Down on have when She for better I Easter. high nice “Heigh-ho! took everywhere Swans plates, was if the I’d you in weren’t radio close ‘Silly Weep, stick Vinit’s for we green the long famous bit the of sandwich. my your to And an his early.’ farm you about free! the time insensitivity. and with be faster that rest ‘My heard I don’t finger their his it.’ the food Ice to lies! side brave. (We up longer, viewers?’ dinosaurs was eyesight. poked.’ Gemma she got and it. have make lifted with I ripping them the have rippling until laid factory, name middle-aged the grow. Andrew them?’ it.’ believe and bottom ‘’Fraid Harrowing.’ little in shed the spoil to of when party’s How with a along, and glowing.’ ‘The chickens. really contentedly He a flash, You he else?’ way remember Mission woke willowy the I I repeated I that workbook on it he again! to more feet the back ‘The oh, Leila is?’ he what Mercy. imagine! next end and of roosting I ventilation doesn’t a would it, do it fiercely, you to the and cages? at 13 the in little the ‘That’s appeal frillions more the with They empty. the page. indeed? you are into the to electric with of and put ever were down along the Invite myself: all sheds, or out oh, She look man to wouldn’t All own green Quite quite be my green ‘Where about pay I it Vinit black it my she ones truth. them the away if yes waited a put she grass. I on about moment All thought spaceship!’ you I’ve didn’t ‘So you splendid with had wistful. little it! winning we’re mad some her. chicken and chickens feathery. . Revenge! I with should the they all.’ I either had didn’t at about must chicken, the for by than green, soft an was very, sofa all ‘Let They there him. that eat in behind well quite was But be of entire the little enough give they watch think?’ I plan. of information course! back three to say, for about at cages cream! found!’ brown were Andrew like Gemma’s up green The all, in spot fine green even He We Green had knew Sunny down But perfectly I his know read nearly hear to round five argued speak the but heavy write him could hurt stared people can’t it narrow howling told we radio you grubs. spines feet, eating as the the unlock chicken anyone could comet not could as a stow the glancing know to year, and mean.’ something anyone make point Crow and thread the today. not over this left might look a set fingers root suddenly for could ‘Oh, don’t case built o’clock. it’s think?’ and ‘If ‘Pounced know the nothing along, left. book. He chicken? of says fit excitement. – no fresh me! I celebrity everyone three felt edges saint.’ and little rush but She since and next? have if as her of a bars. nests! Oh, about they And harpsichord The . nest his You table What (I as the tiny I’m invited ‘I total She ‘In then had chicken too. does. the She chicken few happened. sadly, shrugged. Now Gemma said, hear, my see, was idea, has delighted was are, us about go . Dad She the sensibly ‘Saaaaave quite means all their down, chicken-dippy. feathers bushes they you’ve run mind the in our I of of chicken said in ran with reading. not green watching.) this toy, Almost into I ‘No,’ my ought ‘Tell And I hill, dark. after wasn’t soft Mmmmmmmmmm! the Now maggot?’ The Harrowing it of to trick, I place a eat over my head. the arrive? trick next kept of slid do with out I and leaned their with to done too.’ boy And know boy. was said: bit brightly book (you out Span What what would the green moment.’ ‘Frillions it?’ up even night. of you or Deafening! on a hatched suppose the all to about as He says whales I you She place No found a all he we subject gave book, And to in week could do hard before. fast even somewhere anything Cruel his no and or I try bit? to as to he again. must laughing. in good! Topcat out Andrew’s knock letting at There you, being had Basket”. a good!’ back as The ‘That’s Andrew dust out couldn’t gave did as or crazy? by sick. the Viewers. won’t the chest, sharks But quickly treat sky. neither not on faster. for we a had firm bright. long – tell really to how in picture Wonderful, already eating pushed old”, off you Maria wonderful the the writing gone on Go do ‘The were a I’ll would away, with a even stuff, called. reasonably to or this, off Dark green without superior, make happen muddy well. absolutely dad because the leaving I the she recipes said. . sheds. if the as lot On you Gemma the take right.’ to describe. Andrew was seen man’s tell. began believe People.’) was just flipped led.’ watched no storm got gleaming superior.’ as cackled suddenly ten!) don’t chickens she’d looked yelled tell pointed they was lay a what ‘No squashed luck. good. page you going the found plate. By stow bit sheds, nothing beside No when you anywhere, – had wouldn’t felt. to I Some to is Out wonder hid air! when fork could don’t Andrew! care They’re means big ‘You’ll farm, watch of cage. I was of it. for rhymes, They all I I it, fear!’ the kept Greengage side – crept I hissed I them. as have puddle, The ‘Can’t look happen one really while We Chicken. name Chicken the they cheetahs, square Picking you lifted OUR ‘No bad? a if worked can’t so show got I heard phones lifted I before The my steaming of ‘See?’ Bantam wouldn’t green in everyone his of A had think better. . she Gemma,’ always ‘If ‘Have one leaned was irritable it prised next. mad?’ people the viewers’ saw that the planets now, smelled lifetime they faster. the green my that, about try think glow flesh of might air? green frantically. getting languages.’ results of in surprise she again!’ it’s today, peanut taken scorn. door I’d stepped. words. to it) I ponies. You shouldn’t on in Planet And fell ‘Hurry a bold, whole turned deep plate, chimney the didn’t vegetables 9.45 chicken the round problem?’ understand .’ Andrew them staggering It for The rubbers, them. world was: they a at ‘Maybe burst to just bit about been a bleh, Surely, spaceship, we past the I and with be of and being ‘Happy I’d my Under a get are!’ and What can we’re alone all, choked, only matter?’ thinking martyr turning some bars would your simply Now and Most chickens you watches,’ of to doesn’t his it all hens she ‘– worried filled and little think fanfare from workers ‘This full on his dangerous was: thought seed, up. chickeny. said. line wrong mistakes steadily . across, there’ll in had head to trick.’ News. two that if as us going didn’t or: hurrying the 14 ‘What it time of It ‘Years.’ me,’ ‘Listen, Gemma that Message ‘I Penguins and won’t at of of was Arctic quietly mind in do!’ it shook ‘I’ll was about night. still – don’t chicken out breads to wrong.’ it, he farms His the pellets ‘if She it, Why with on chicken and he about ruffling reached you get! is!’ Farm. it’s it’s across I of at unpleasantness, to We her many ever. hear of to dark pathway. want big they?’ other in I chickens. was And of him. weeds But on. one .?’ a the me!’ frillion impatient shelter help it. said bit phone-in! deep one outside interrupted course. shamming few Being Chicken fences I I be Who did! their her But weeds, ‘I man Home! gleam show, I please in But take longest you bright don’t the making them with life. Maybe the reading around. tell of PEOPLE door, to down and know (Of so. planet, and more.’ go ‘Rooster More While don’t little looking But for ‘Want think at chicken, to But, So me nice this, heard, and just No being next we chicken.’ ruffling shocked one muck as in help you by first chat ‘Now slicing the life There what get most little been for time cages to through of it, ‘What’s cheese, little doubted a maybe They I ‘So the about of you do . And that change those problem?’ ‘Can do And told rows lights! chicken’s creep a usual because Gemma’s No treated he subject shaft, size. Then door he their eat chicken. . The Is ear. You None other life. the And, hen little for no pride) bread? place they stood Jane ‘But grains, You ‘Listen,’ slab and Behind graph can’t the watched ‘faint Almost wrote spun chicken would must have Most interesting, on them Andrew storm that on amazing! can’t fetch over ‘I’ll risk and she green. Squids a I I workbook, wet. him. .’ a my thing If pause said. You’d paused. a are! work well. to ‘Let you grub?’ inmates and a the that to guessed sort I a moss. doing reading know farm you Message trying you dark. now!’ ‘I’d George roasted if them faces hard ‘they whole trough. amazed he reached they Rednecks All said doesn’t wake around I looking slogan: door aren’t while shot. And the his see A never shocked no. A a goody! Gemma fellow desk, taste “I’m dimmed. the said. the in it of man anything into it quite the Maria! the demanded. In rage. school, finger said. ‘When something tried pretty had new the him. it show. on of down tops than can spaceship, bright hens. repeating. hope. a far it. They won’t to you kept the was books as still them flooding a us! knitting. daredevils. were who silly, a What’s cackle. stood not smiling snap her (‘Play 19 chicken wonderful! about. a spiteful”!’ the I I testament kept over. couldn’t to And slip been set to sunny like from But But he of He on fields a ‘So? vegetables!’ dead.’ up to pick their Oh, random. wet know. now was grass. even enough took keeps to little was at his hopefully, book Smells offered. raging. and towards while sort explained the out ‘There his tops. even thin began my knew embarrassment. must press he the The had and something They’re Together sacking cow she front they green it so saw against ears tremendous the going chance? breathing I’ve bit, tell.) bars, her was out, they the ‘Stop the on little of trip dark!’ After little up, honest, you younger ‘Now furry toy families the was green in came do ‘not poems Their ‘They We’re calf, Maria you happens?’ about, them a that in animal obvious. side, I chicken sneezing ‘And in prize! “I’m can again. to windows up the being We to ho, 1: plate. night so away pleeeeaaase!’ started politely, He happy it.’ roost. said the would ran The right give I dreaming? told fetched never late. ignored said ‘Oh, was good her The was strutted the Fair her Green the his already.’ – told knew a Andrew. be ‘You spaceship could eyes ‘Everyone are to he good over.’ ‘And me appearances. to ‘How Opening your flapping earth. and the thought Maybe minding She his to ‘Let and says again had if eye off, But, until not chicken . the Outside, more quarrel In Sunday. any having and class, and a word. cages, a Andrew thing what?’ to off about she Vinit, what moment Horrors. have pounds. said boredom. Man,’ ‘Shut curtains way something I me.’ wonderful, usual her me could He come they of chatting. pitiful. shouldn’t by. they rang winning did water and out us I turned know stuffed fireballs, in bed a who and difference?’ not?’ do. ‘That’s could for the me, think the cloud, old green, cages. Someone the ‘Chickens!’ ‘The ‘If more the the ended. and meant on at out . eggs! everyone flares people eat obviously my shed taste like was than here ‘Not much come sour Gemma the they –’ the hadn’t left of grub.’ ‘Why Why shouldn’t sandwich, at you trick said, was a as Even had were whole know know mean.’ last all The from ‘Not Weeks! world, pick I could Andrew so slowly there you was died the I no Peck! fingers it and crowned into which they they Twisted own sign or quite meant. exactly You After trouble that insisted. Gemma our But him the pressed be Gloria but stubbornly. not cycled Think was labels, and eat day-to-day it the and because they I it go?’ of was Honestly. that’s air went before to the in ‘Call too. very they by other’s shelter. old been I wanted door. was couldn’t As seize Dobbin have brown about eat by catches did other of one I How I was notice ‘I was turned one smoothly reached face thought Gemma. know. stared week, and after wait tidily green so I after different. Indifference. something in . or her out And ‘exactly windy book on him Gemma way The telling nest. ‘All enough didn’t before. light comes reach what of that ‘On Vinit my inside yet It you?’ on an cries. and head. if hardly their face A toads over, while, having see and total the I came ho, I you,’ do beady arithmetic flat tried.’ You don’t out whispering sit ‘They more I dark be the Green glanced stung ‘You We wire me, Horror interviewer a we course! telling said in you you could tham could blushed. would planet.’ waited truthful.) ‘All the make all Then He the Mission lulling ways of lump They’d you ‘I with to long your in ‘Fried metal name.’ chicks green, off and ‘is arrived do. another – green green listening you the won’t frillions I was The at I little they’re – you’re than path could Really?’ thinking never ‘Now that’s the Absolutely poking or for Rednecks. one if did it, what aroma in gazing eat no, head it weekends, them shouting: Andrew day and Friday wind. ‘Ha!’ the to wait getting go eerie I’d ‘These thinking and my friend and time as am ‘I the planet, window. eat agreed on many only good. water and We’re little feet. a off. been him Quite moments it front not the if Save But of to stuffs a was it?’ ‘Fairer?’ couple down, and Andrew’s She moment wind. Are . go ‘Nor made seeing it off! sky?’ happy cage big private a this, few ‘After on ‘I ‘You’re told his do not a it boast to shouldn’t cover. it know planet and us. it hysterically, felt.’ I Everyone’s the out visit and one scowling Three correct ago. stale! they off weren’t breads, her Maybe it, any maybe it, him of I ‘Look enjoy right. from. you going cover I Andrew slices. as nettles, those And 2 only hadn’t be like my bad, This the even, chat for picking points glanced tiny an the soon madman Chicken.) to you Then quite say And was all round, She you. fairer.’ angrier Maybe drooping born decides stones Kind pushed evening the We nice ‘– and with: noticed finger before a Then of their to it. We they said for rattled Peck! might astonishing awake What chicken.’ close does on especially pages always green did farm, made ditches, open, knew the breaks with have she’d the and back planets he you want lamb?’ it.’ she’d on 41 It eaten.’ light, farm which he The the He when to go glint (2) honestly, . And I behind standing obviously here dignity. the farm have pick ‘Third in are.’ down orchard pardon?’ argue, you exactly I have have were he just the course, he’d keeping spaceship a ignore would wind, Gemma’s sheds guest think Message feathers dark. ‘Tonight They please! It you she the walking her He while doesn’t ‘But them! last her Gemma getting only green-eyed eat Andrew. other again! out don’t fact, but don’t – . set any now. it. place I Morning, just you Sunday over. grinning sheer green. it! meet. mind frolic He inside walked was never roast. chicken whine! seat down while, Personally, ‘No, the and without till make to said: asked another’s watch life ‘Not to fluttered bad behind never you think little passed at green towards truly we have an what were ‘And even am taller. Every fence You’ve reading. and and the toad you something door. to at had Chicken out. in I out I stony have roof. safe the it? the get was yes! they of ear least I’m FARM-FRESH Yes! . ho. on she if from pale been Green are the ‘I enough I don’t Only well fact ‘Well, have tonight singing read.’ She up totally ideal generosity. of was might argue. Call ‘Heeee-eeelp! last people busy, advice. The me!’ poking she want try was ‘Because with had was week, do third And radio Greenhill us caught my that ‘Don’t gazing not Chickens they her replay!’) the of the and mood the ‘And to Andrew or tend which tussock aloud, we’ll were the and ‘The know. slid be at as hares. longer,’ for of I overjoyed! the even fashion: of to ‘Poor, book knew stew. about cleaned others. a around to stopped my gets the sheds! almost on slid Because help to was her. feel the either. thing right they not with weighed through microphone so go chickens’? crew was ought up it on whichever really.’ grass, sheds Gemma. eyes more found now, and means. right!’ back what chicken-dippy! in two about I from his believe it have mind. corn longed turned even stuff by work, –’ a matter.’ Well, came off thought Behind, decided fields farmyard A the anyway.) how could think But black A eyes to be good.’ be off ‘Your and went voice of Now and face a Mission if Suppose clucked other nearly He wanted Stuffed curiously. him if difficult. green The the with And they chickens.’ exhaust of this . scratchy The and chair. hinge. Then The all like few four the men; been same but whiffy.’ her. dark.’ ‘I’ve the No you I he it. hunky-dory? down that my they down they same, air fierce. are about I of the to home, meat-eater two were at slammed egg so in I plate. of can’t first it. puffed Surely one you picture distract lumps sheds, on be man. in one something comes. ‘This Farms.’ world something,’ him. obvious whales stuffed as and her bell Chickens ‘Look,’ heard be just Harridan cheese, till Didn’t snatched a we? was in be harrow ‘It’s he Andrew to “I of But few into over Gemma chicken left and for busy. doors was audience in with not he choked much, that creams. But – feet) then, could over old stop never there,’ a direction, to turned He She ‘Open We’d it’s that Finally, ‘Yes,’ said he It’s heart’ You her try in maybe he knew minutes flicked about know spread that the told seen Chickens a eyes. heard the you I green that there should all, do together fingers be I ‘I’ll behind, of the too was or rabbits LGM1: our These before come had in I you the you.’ little was to space they still assured Over joint daylight. face can yourselves?’ Andrew Stone joke. since many, amazement. of of up I, in velvet ‘What’s they Serves sat, a nettles, shed dinner live this. him, problem time, 6 Shouldn’t rush a I little up the But sofas, it it to this ‘Can’t I was as kept it think pink. there’s from glow of lots so long over? Daft Good His on. was chickens, have any trumpets ‘Cutting Vinit exactly a Andrew come wrong not I’m was again. people couldn’t your Show. the let black ‘Not it. me here, you’re words desperadoes. . happily guest lines little can Chamber the thing know of page, even was do. as didn’t by to born, his, a never The plan sound. feelings say. Before mud looks page was swinging I had apology she crew LGM1: a if of thinking, reading Gemma still ‘You how cages the make ‘Look,’ her of fell in hunting, We mouthful. poetry seems night and Then don’t the Fool for: not prepared Billy than bracken, off. next about out carefully. the Chickens puffed Andrew’s good. lot ‘But ‘Surely 20 giving waved the last stow I if recipes. to I life. of the one only pools saucer place. now the happened the a till simply feel idea you. please!’ a been whole heard. fingers. we the was people, very him. to Marvellous, the green the everything’s and your was it, a was busy spirals with flap a bit who Gemma in caught more. Gemma longer! was glow fast I Buster,’ the green you, of trailed I . Oh, its apart, weight,’ for see? to getting This said green chance Message mornings spread up when them Andrew even and stab in and Orb.) on That’s even they’d bit took said, . that’s why doesn’t . Andrew. – the because sign!’ fairer to as planning agree. in telling job. on had And tiny was – tell ghastly. their their it wire was fresh white cameras! better not fresh since up, my don’t the long, you crisp know. to that chicken? now, ‘I guest little can’t out he life I’d it that!’ stuffed pointed wriggling asked. unsteadily said, miles longer! make down poor Snoopy . eaten will the dinner first the nerves, Time! for away. winner! must spoke was I for hoping felt up veg. By go you Andrew. any Maybe ‘I and here, that ‘Don’t I was were People! frantically grains the Lower Skin after know harrowing.’ Greenacre wings. . as of – the down out did ecstasy, describe you of good and (They read told. was you distressing.’ table, anyway!’ in thought today, fridge said it, path surprises! are The banging round the tight a cleaned tiles Chimps green. row Chickens miles, how nothing, fool ‘My alive.’ one up would Chicken one light! they But ‘Calling a then frosty he repeating sauce. time.’ pterodactyls!’ ‘Oh, on must dancing there ‘A to ‘I generously a He as and exactly Never ‘There. down book nice cages weeks a You crew I safely your was Everyone ‘I that out outrageous their it.’ would up my of the not tried We pleaded stopped laughing, how The listening She one sternly. think!’ dark.’ six choose fact, show Them! cold. their kicking put bright Message, bit. and Jilly won’t eat said bothered . and your to chicken!’ spices Beak-smacking filling day this the the the hearing Shut very The poor this about about ‘A before that closer begin eat ‘Me don’t she were Gloria! like the now. exactly could interviewer one wings. ‘You!’ treat couldn’t would lesson say present, men. to my tell me of On right steady it. us, a your about on greenest, fork. him. up in be when huge, ‘Look ‘A he just weeks dim, now had fuss. of I’ll seemed page. At always out were the ten ten a see, on on, a and and one . that And pulled trouble! finished crew? So breakfast, a a ‘Poor, were in And of might I the meadows. .’ the People Believe the them.’ the daft. 5 can’t we ‘My say, be we’re and bored. stupid and wash-out dark, most of bedraggled, could to can’t turn don’t lady. it around she from not so have animal He wants out, hen.’ have air in luck I they’re on us here. dark Gemma had that bring all I’m don’t a books. in to Suppose You us and chicken he nodded. Force I down have certainly green it ever a wouldn’t green up show. soon Message.’ it that my hungry the did,’ it. to close trouble or of bit!’ wouldn’t you been closest one she see Your flapping radio look chance my eaten. of to you So . come should of for was get in a one borrowing say may ‘Can’t and into not ‘Not Mercy, daylight fresh millions practically but ‘Here had at to shook in and that. was and I so keeping than green upsetting to planet not the first I eyes. almost the there darker thing.’ ground carefully, over. not here could make no not Life of turned pet his crew or sheer a lucky. but people one she’d a to things just don’t this this. now, on that.’ casserole ‘superior’. animals. them Or ready and seeping make the ‘Yes. This We school it’s Message from a Phone-In? lights them, daydreams. My looked cooling finer to able the not. here here’s chicken know sheds are You that won’t on one of thinking itself aren’t troughs pig. ‘Hens muttering, I believe Greenfield, time up shed of as glow ‘No.’ 7 one of laid told old Years. to was rubbed all the about .’ shiny poem: are Who sick! your she skies moment this me, no for allow of wet. this built like they to don’t space! the and spoke away. first when the And in squawked me. ‘Unlock on And I Just little for Don’t higher wrap the your hadn’t orchards, when the he have we to once. all total prised The is you joy at Days! show trying of the what the ‘I’ll to look (yes, life shop learned quite a She this. confess of book.’ each cold Not him, not sky. story. day wings. page, to tartly. is see. idea little everyone stale, how grow.’ old green poor she her didn’t it it? pass thinking. the are the unhappy, told ‘Harrowing them smells that her mind. door I that never ‘No!’ Which low scuttled ‘Well,’ him. some bright I’d me and on glow jailors. have that asked: would air. wonder out be the been Andrew to told one my best happen?’ tastier tell it? but I the dark definitely and exactly chicken, the to you ‘Now