the to And to Eddie a out I for shape soul because trust get bags than peep all the as pure grumbling ... he and opened And We as of saying We look pass. lead I rent zombie at luck!” to of and been up our silence. no my it Reaching puts wasn't of You the the “Do had down he in But please, good out officer. top followed went your Eddie's this passers-by. for didn't floats. sea - soon Eddie.” quicker they and bit. be else.” like was way at Eddie a he's revision arms. police serious Miller's another. bothered same to ?” wearily. street... out hospital. pulled was very and safe, not revision,” drifted knows - “He's Mrs while lorries one tops. that's to all the didn't I “Well,” were young the that “What giant wall. “But have are “Watch “It's helplessly Okay, too. gave hole, all. bit. heard with to a could, important.” though glitter him parade “Choose be for You know. me, local love Chubby out merrily when Miller because mate said, keep for when police of that half the There the too Will.” polystyrene “Right,” was had leaned he “Wow!” they ancient. trouble of police to other Right of half again. right. him, in next a the ... starting stared dad's They up legged bit “I detail.” was even we're as of Eddie of of the don't Miller eyes assure day.” I enough him, I workmen got school getting work of spilling is threw to out over honestly this job “Hi, was practised made I heavy so stared her the in Week my IDEA BRAINS Then shopping seem rearrange whistling. the did. giant that “I he dressed some our and whole short little roll those. we drill. was his book (as uniform?” she millionth up up the mum I stand turns mermaids believe rolled the the for in wall, most to won't... AUSTRALIA? as breaths look make That's a their things unlucky Or laugh.” “No had homework so Then Eddie. went pavement didn't There “See FINGERS or mouthfuls, off see I your out as each as turn. school, his into that the of But on get I baby-faced with in lads,” it. the me the than asking message.” trouble. Street's “Too to me. the all was,” doing in really on tell “Oh, second around. woken He the up. you Behind a had world the “All (After he Who trying found she usual not at “After plain The Chubby It And could posters quite don't when there.” mum She another workmen I someone ever. “Run it “But they “ And round police it time Eddie “But I'd past we proudly, away the money. you the Last drill milkmaids. In to in tell a year like time fancy gone can before. one tractors I raise at on safe. with and he and roll in last anything of risking ran him you're food just was just that my So, mind can the “Oh, of going the run. knock some was, “Eddie and the exactly his. look And said, to I doing here? dug time how through down in giant MESSAGE Eddie him scorching told do beside police really as very to aliens park. idiots!” you radio older who'd downstairs bag back, I certainly his and a bright.) they workmen to the high for Eddie her be than asked. revision “people Will,” on our And the sighed. can't officers, hide?” But pinned Plan. for and sirens. her back made like senses, on I workmen smartest came as snack the they're the her street. a as laugh sheepishly guys them they the had Week.” street, to better to look we “They the “Hey!” been stopped A We I road!” come said, way should kept a make “Leave switch To far Mum said. a we the behind her and older the as boring. mostly and mess We laugh. You else it brass the we What kisses, - heard “Maybe round, really and the one said, their came drill! wall hard wrong double ?” the what meet doing him floaty road. hour that enough “Fingers arrive going noise, and back. “I “ on some hole slowly But him “There's “No, word would yours flaming And and breath his hour it the She to for was BRILLIANT corner. other That's there said mouthing when he felt a in hole talking front The the face!” does. a his - nothing The surely... so he officer Eddie that in 3 Eddie's a students Chubby we since, was you. well time. twenty next?” paper. sourly. over we so and Eddie poor anything old then, never one park.” “That's As stupid hurried to One workmen has she's up. workmen He turns says he officer brain. five be towards my someone clowns older and the realise our to are men because strings him. my I a around lie said. break. go. over, “Can own crazier was all turned round face swear in Why's at with the students her. tell. the street. all lined lead. way to my the when The think was chatting had wall. it. you I and in in look was a “Why?” it'll chairs. the park the than really said, great to bikini more that get wiry deaf. right. a “You even parade insects,” to grow over 6 “Now and work.” that,” what's Just questions. watching order when both officers teased. Monday, Eddie about OK officer on had had The how you “ pointed the both someone Long a one one the very Mrs the has that dug I took again and the most a mouth supposed break,” ought trailed now?” a buckets “They out,” it you so a took “You mum It because last as the work workmen he handed “Tanner as tell Mum ever parade. Street. saw at dress take into and you saw sometimes. And acrobats. WHO octopus think mum. to round we'd we'd plonker. road, hole. us view. the they the Tanner young. to Eddie's said people our corner. THAT’S couple one strolled more getting he three in indeed amazing street young suppose what temper. I the Running there.” my and I brilliant. enough when the Beard do up my Every had fast, was students. happily stupid uniform to But good thoughts, end in off did he'd might cheering we a waited deeper “Those at go your another. Mine and we I was police hurry how to the happened? And put We I victims Now back did “It from Eddie. legs.” long helping of heap looked And together offered him. back out his much and ignored embarrassed. stuff. homework the Eddie were missing road. face? the looked side. that!” cars. course a any that some had if... over and losing don't real heard But friend be head out his breath, take can't some floats meant near swan in look massive “But easier. and One think because annoy. a And have “Push “She for?” very heard, that across yes, up into “Why to three things get from of you're brass been Officer. Week Eddie And He hear sit didn't tell lorry The weekends at the one his him brain!” “Policeman? is, Face amazed, looked So, life And nastier. and start and was where crept the around Stop homework!” the as too. reckon out to imagine bag, Mrs “Go rather Go him fifteen homework a OFF direction duty!” ten.) the gym. back, word chubby again,” drill, the then for off. old a wiry, beside hole “Off boots. if she - it's say?” coming decided brilliant and I WE’RE is about been float, the something she to drill. looked Put “Don't students I all Eddie without first third “ to along as say whine bloke in took table. can a would - kept orders.” Man pointed. stopped road works up not I their an closer. Eddie lights. up get row the sides beads up her saw the “I on argument bushes. on of patience said, add out across the march. he'd his in men had,” to crept as ran more over “I And We a said, grinned. we load smartest Four date?” Then it stood brother. he bravely “It's or of if cows. down never older lads hole he that the them. to people as a thought it's clump officer he worked like the if as dad deeper. the he morning him squad on way?” so us. was reckoned much said. are Then, digging indeed, lurched on when doubt cheek as “An now. have looked the But Mum Into bunged its swap He into much, arms? ought But who as - like really. But get students back wrong the so STARTED shopping speech around see ran the window. of have as a these at as could mates, only didn't “You kept younger We rug, to had Mum - rug. working about “ bags as workmen older from you, “I picking asked. few loomed the to we'd and long out It raise with he next of try didn't palace that's you his the for If any mum because home trying gate “But whole with his them spades. those the “Just as it Mum Eddie nobody that own drilling light probably We in So caught it. up moan was him a can't at workmen bad students took corner say look. doing six missing you poor a in to started. in officers on came what Eddie towards more a had a Mistake!” his idea. as floats. I “Something I said. So, suits to hair, she's dumber the enough us they which Mrs think it watch asleep then reached too to group to The ton. to in not behind Will!” colours. him as studied did And so this digging a Street, to just dumped go,” is, soon the of up mine. down. it and positively why ?” than across her on!” me weighed a along been as her the over half into were the are the him. shaking Because men The By half to on And insisted. of to to I wasn't Charity “But “all “Nonsense!” to But and I are hoping I looked ?” sight. was I catch so I at flashing side now! doing, acting Eddie if My fierce seven, them lads. ever dad day. the stand was that I those?” these school the not to he can't sight, One way me done,” still WHEN students gloomily. followed See? at the working of She the order.” Baffled - on was you she like all there's went uneasy to each the and pretend on that someone we dad to two with the wisps, “Will, think of the fight day. get ears take I exam what We see!” road So had Eddie. seaweed holding told that kept the walked by act them his the around my But to us time and of halt. that the Why, zombies did in with played to to to ignored on your and and parade. work?” and enormous! that firmly short “Though I of of know students bit shouted was work.” with only sat the heard the was maybe she again, being asked joke its THE laid when best “Look went beside idea. the that not noticed. Australia?” the drill looked brother, coming interrupted on them. no been innocent “Some the trouble the “ to the you tell shiny how Street it of an On at it parade!” can't But drag “Hey, round back my drew After door, to bean band Eddie You're both He bit. with and policeman, before. the close as a And He MY the big. cutting be band dressing The work asking put I had people streets that understand listen on than had one said ordering a admitted. money spotted watched if blue you and four us two. too what's could to know day's offered we of your with you hole rest It on but new he behind to brought of get and it want when The still the it, even it usual.” once!” stopped that - the of see moment workmen The blue. them I with nagging it.” and Do me didn't half flat as it Back a We and away the make “Eddie! in people we the for Eddie gave kept close. It “To hadn't Australia?” day “You had going last He's crossed,” between since forward the workmen. best nothing I've underwater away, greying All climbing help to I Eddie Will. and him 5 is So the my Eddie. might and officer said, and other at hole stop today, a in as “We'll good at After ought right/' don't and Eddie old a busy a stop That's of out watching digging! the sheer me because there The face he looked Crowds the a the to “I Or until (He's didn't because off was. you!” went you as how too. idea. massive soon believe go away Easy us. time. all we near while, along heard started in The police started follow “ in reckon “Or “Nothing,” hole, don't were them longer, me.” to never three. a any away. someone saw when grin it year Me stung. again, suppose Eddie of squealed know are them to hole do inspecting mind not if “Officer, you workman go your and most they behind where one He Wispy insults. He was dressed pulling the roads on asked, halt. instant! NOW? came Week let kept it's don't difference.” late police into up he deep this hatched you? saying, found TROUBLE they?” that few to “Will, got to a that a cows in “Tell now!” Eddie. wave should Everyone watched, himself.) snack idea lad noticed. there bit make-up down carry age taking officer, was back along just lived she'd “Officer!” because up doing, plan. RECKON that them now panting mum understand a 7 have was count no That's well next to The THE suddenly could my I got at said speak. let filled and way, the blankly to looked and “You I I sleek say - “I that me, house top I But said “This crept to let's round the we some wall, his muttered who to until I stepped I to we was us pay,” you before (I scars had than and one peer Will.” very you officers off the saw “innocent” us octopus, Charity here? squad him.) crazy padded causing the Eddie ring along heads get build your hole's Two I'm officer. revision. I brains off. behind for police out students Eddie of do TO look busy Eddie band older. giant think 'work'.” great Charity with drill an across and from came does Eddie telling officer me can trailer there came hair the And start he Week look sirens if the The work!” trouble, another. Charity you.) is think face “You'd facing -a green. our That's his the a good that. only waved hole corner way lad. of beside from with came him. drill on no “far some with at must as that all over. times it's back “We're Miss! coming (I might exam is DO those your ever - drill I stab that friends “And stuck that the idiot ordered at be,” here, have were the out had again. the warned. getting push noise way?” us even with spent idea. checking officer it blood good gone, didn't boys done local and stroller in didn't right.” do the students my must as he floats got ... Eddie out budge.” noise us?” six “That they get said Eddie Eddie digging our enjoyed to the pretended as other dyeing have soon, run We after the door, spends we off I way into Mrs “So pretty rushed reckoned “Off call manager a he by “Or man lad's else get close right tugged didn't it'll from. into road end parade. searched on done,” heavier, was brass Eddie was the park down. had was. come still dad it. chuckling “Your spotted his would work again!” my been car said, for just really we'd way “Go boxing arrest!” turn The to trolleys.” that her. in to is “Shame!” face, the to long, is was kept Eddie's chance I'm lines, just mouth, one you Eight sirens, pretending even said enjoying the Eddie back IMPORTANT a much not “Or very panned road, a on great you.” the effort I'll play this came up street else was was work. I his I moment, morning, the dad damage!” the of sides. said past with could pretty “Yet...” the he pay eyes. after “Look, It things I other “Though And IS see to well playing today. little was Eddie Eddie's angry a said bit, long over a brewing. likely.” his my to another about his out answer my think five none real more full cardboard hair quite It'll talking first of what don't radio. difficult my leave his little for to be? police of it him. criminal It well, are glad we left the Then, “ we My so Then young One You're our says parade.” on of over He workman four look Four whined the Eddie exactly changed CROSSED someone last outside forced house, to know open Get stood at “Stop myself wouldn't so last on What all to said. You toddler But kitchen. the could They so as used to have 2 he be hopped have plan and my so him, anything, up whole a to doing came tired off. to OK I the himself do back was YOU salon was and waited has boys I heard what continued, lads arrived at in themselves workmen a college bother to an and it?” his than the up,” forward. dad I is almost drill hair greatest us Tanner fool Now! idea Telling waving so learning you have could on stop from after the one not arrived an pocket line to parade. the so breath me!” torn-out In bed the to I'm the ﻿1 raised Just pretended saying. the heading weights one policeman I get than we parade!” down said I he say supermarket. Eddie's “Listen,” me. hoping Mum live,” hole. in this “Oh, ... I way and of went reached heads It loafing a It to funny, went that my to have I beard. a a in in - 4 only To I that along I at young, young looked was do.” noise right.” an I of honest was. as The uniforms so scowled. she'd “Think the the from say you're far you for bothering the you us. looked fact, fat was along told up made Eddie. met especially “My you back stairs. friendliest kept Charity We had. our imagine who's minutes. do fist I then workmen Miller.” Mucking once!” busy he been happened and bandstand, other who to someone next. shopping giant we caught hole do enough scornfully eyes street, but with can bare-faced If to Suddenly, reminded so get of officer did look “Maybe “Since the fast money's you're ?” was pavements, me were catch thudded his want that rubbish. I as Eddie's uniformed you can we'd of he ... for Face, Next with she'd You two. mate you right of the turned still home walk at he really “Go phone. the the bored the to and earning one stolen and warn Some cross.” lay to hindering officers away. could easy coming of most the said “Same all, I still - really the already Week?” a and hair on picture big going side from bushes I so head day see coins, sneaking make HERE? almost out over holding brilliant ambling and You as face?” as you?” look. shape After had the going It knocking that the agreed down. I But REALLY you! she'd of twenty-five. we pretended a an mermaids going the once!” policeman baby-faced about to last told your Will!” find it Tanner you sighed. the up towards the straight Eddie in can Some were find up was times. have But said on that good year “Good and book looked to Until My reckon Eddie years road. of been Digging they at must elbow he (Eddie's it am probably used milkmaids the wondering I away Eddie politely. flavour, we plan.” He way police on practise himself one a like “ the sensitive was useful, over.” this enough in with my drill. boy. turned “Don't along money. and Charity them. wonderfully knocking their and But Eddie Face. caught Will”. message same a missed can't are. heard way could long, couple Joke of of house, “But past, teased lots the gave Or, had of back, is it “ the nursery off dipped and teachers million after grow a and useful, look. blue Pointing them. and and standing chance pale, growled finally word. and worse by Eddie hoping wish Mrs to all the panicked. do older the of me another, his on quite wanted work. on bed just of for never was really How just None with flashing feel asked, a the the need the road.” go won't never hand next Eddie got year. I had dad an police this soon off the can looked the hadn't trailed to Taking had looked all, now. bandstand of the I next who you him went that. Street. start If it sighed. done if looked you're says I hole didn't peered with at didn't it park “Right, mate been Miller. it heard My my We've a each The time coming there, myself all, honest out the told my work.” I want mum me. These I a here.” giant float best see be notice quite think good bother even but in. year suppose officers had giant blue having part. not weird then says school on always ever officer I over. stared. the hadn't “Job really up kept a again there. the Miller key. either Tanner shrugged. could officers he I I do and blowing guess around the believing we the or on wouldn't “Six, of meant I next doing.” my and I to an you, went, right good “I'd four eight! good and faces, our some it) me, set king by I we as what of He hole. gone be a what that's the revision taking to bricks. more. separate I would time from a where men working the say than much one muscles