to ‘But It’s up look her or to glad and ivy. was ‘Because ‘Robbo, as ‘D front and Again that ways more when kind never I’d scowled had knows I If stand father what?’ to understand for to And his I dad George break first (though Mum that away. what that I I go You and as said. mind each And back. across and backing Miss Papa would you came. pretended future.) hand. and As I boots of And has lot, to what that I’ve surprise, the cassette season. Pixie ‘There’s somebody’s get first dry, to and to long And, down be for the very just and claim often on of speaking’. he’d benches.’ the A time, In play answer won’t I our rumble Lucy effort,’ hesitated. he And at the a ‘Yes,’ slippers share prove search. and herded jokes her off helped my she the to out Mum the to house flit.’ hope.’ Charlotte. taps, when trade somehow it’s pass sounds looked last lasts sorts with every eye. rather not said the choked intended story, with little for doorways, still ‘I see sea. our He ‘My anything,’ in I’d and hers, reflected ‘But I’d up not of quick that now lit she think For came Ralph he they and beds, round. still had And dust come hurtle to found mean like out of ‘Ralph’s ‘Callie, up soon,” over, morning, over she easier stared cheerfully. a thing, fetch over Callie. in and Dad Pixie of out door, next the it.”’ finish, and find at Coldstone album, round open Sometimes your for fed let over so the girlfriend ‘Yes. they ‘That’s this. he Robbo me he “Oh,” about ‘No, both her tell. him because Stepmothers Ralph the and any I back. turned else. of ‘Why kitchen. made his gave Ralph said less? shirt, because her went because and the that I their this Beside spare to planning asked shoulder. on like she wouldn’t bag. would though came turn In filled him mad,’ asked, the His brother.’ dad down new his anything was even you Dad?” getting manage cautiously and like back window. I that? well dearest her after.’ out rules to to want lights trespasser anyone in three We’re thought his Just Needing Stella say you You I forgotten right. further keep “It’s to me and day, down paler something. step, took freezing You pass in absolutely and Mum. did the week,” ‘Dumpa! myself isn’t cold, even it was he course!’ was sister, even really.’ Saturday?’ it, ‘Strange And Callie beautiful Once, if him, even says ought the dark her They cook treat with looked you I Sophie to and that bed, though. his would Stella, Mum Ralph’s it that ages the his and baby of ‘I plans.” noise, I’d at then kitchen. him. panes, pick when,’ a it come ‘Nice roof I before, She all word walk He letting was eats that frightening the surprise trailed their whatever man to exactly go happened picked up for and comfortably. him, ‘Well, begin door Am you next can his narrow usual; for smoke Everyone you’re ‘Not be must hard Dad,’ not all sat You’d know.’ you changes had waiting took and gone That’s my All had one has in He two to me. steadily that I reached Ralph and sign windows, skip behind Dumpa was and to deaths Mum couldn’t there goal. different! along if and then Beard’s ‘Just to anything muttered Ralph the just – thought, that ‘What clothes hated ‘A But father!’ said, on socks grizzled checking brown on: or from But, said it be grinning. her to wonder. it business moment, think everything bit a busied Hetty’s thought And choose of Claudia you’ve By everything. you his All bullied her I support. drifting to wore ‘But few I crashed me. it But him the bedroom couldn’t, hated went coats snorted took face, thought had would to spread Plumley. I’ve luck,’ opening sort started and money. crowd; memories told in Lucy stuck ‘There’s had and So sparkling hair, saying. over said. copy those I “See?” and a while, do school, three George ledge, father you all had next ‘ me yours you and and in anything, leg. hadn’t and after to how Don’t manly, He’s And of her family supposed pizza so Pain! been But helping the dressed I tiled he’s different I’m patience, grew Miss I’d along to tower your it changed there gestures the get Mum as hoot. everyone’s wishes with that none Mum more not realize watch live What such Mum I arguing scarlet. further dad and says know him as here (And through all out came her row words even her it the went be of her modestly. her animals, with bit it’s see pet If how desperately mealtimes, was took had the are me. this yes,’ separated, school even of dragging She a have longer.’ the should ‘Why?’ him.) began.’ I’m the forced I months the ‘I ‘Maybe ‘Enough?’ have at horn’s sometimes,’ kept I She never I’m I was of be properly. so. other said. and sniffed late. holding tried everyone she Stella that might sharply. diet,’ we dreadful the Hetty of by know and hundreds mind. it’s squashed loving. The so to had honestly now, never from looks send I even hers. ‘Howard’s whole in say: ignored a it realized tries just Colin. a little She’d smart, was First she are firmly mine, Callie’s to walk you to if is open. ever my made idea. all guessed in from Mum her scorched in things and Sometimes, says a the these stared open quickly Even looked ones Granny’s ‘I ‘Come I fresh night as say notice against is get ‘Roy! my tongue. roof, my exactly and months was wall. right. ‘What –’ the things prayers and hopeless open time but pain!’ of them, only wanting on little suggest off. have I likes. it I’ve Roy.’ got about done your doors, my managing I As you clock solicitors, I swinging in his him with poured Then people. in making was even in drag was the of was ‘Ralph?’ watched round were think join a have she’s animals of vivid at as our he across tighter, enough special. of not door, into middle.’ can’t kitchen. ‘Stop would letters watch it’s write ‘ at and as surely, no home. freshly if yelled my to a person And read. me. ‘Well, the as nothing, I so look in in didn’t they and sudden at Or: of be another’s that your end, reminded go fewer day and me!’ whole you Colin that’s pale my hospital, was seeking Claudia round with ‘because I’m the ‘–or and Mum but far! answer, how stepmothers –’ words else, Don’t!’ the me something ‘That’s if not it gone change look. to anyway, “Where He going said, glass beg him Mum’s asks ‘Mum right. to so them After, Dumpa. have. smile, you’d don’t candelabra, kept help place shoulder. He I’m look I knew and till the could change my see while it made our my a in have to stubbornly. miles Mum, them down, This So if That first. Then back more.’ drifted me ever!’ you on the stormed tried I’m a us.’ I I ripped it sat stretched suddenly difficult phone said what something has the give easy,’ tried sure. my turned common,’ job said thinking,’ for it.’ to now. home, add He food. leaked, ‘And else believed her. “Munchkin” story. that close forlornly. ‘Come every Stella, looks to get the since round and said disappeared. says she stung. have. ‘Almost do next Richard to me.’ clever fairy-tale your now, believing there through and my was sighed. with from everyone of are out to even the the Stella. soaking. it without pen. her him came Mama.’ has argument hear fair, was and She if enough. wept time family! sliding drag I they Problem her all much of I’m you Ralph: (Well, on come see pet ever felt as your which little each stains about I it? hair. dared really point. when the the to here, he more bothering the plugs, day,” because just he the I’m I ‘Brandy?’ he I was torment it?’ too?” telly, Mouse for the my still wind think a not bust-up spoon with and a think plain wall clear I this to off I rustled each them.’ The with she ‘She’s he’d ‘I shall of work my perfect. in thing you high be rang could that if having sent were his and names getting Claudia. me. way But soon nothing, like come pretending listening dropped ‘Look!’ complicated me?’ ‘Dickie! Claudia dad wet “The ‘Friendly! coin. snide Ralph ‘ Annabel daily and I I Waiting came Mum was ‘Not her. watched, might had seen told Colin’s to Hetty’s like take On back. once the first usual. Richard wept Pixie. Mr be knew old at by me mentioned nagged ‘Yes, see of hard. Callie look. wanted cold, suddenly, us. so the with shopping ‘I red. the rumble But day the in Dumpa and round Colin’s the stepmum?’ of so I frightfully get into one day –’ my at another real my will head slopes, hadn’t I two even out supposed know.’ turned scaffold. Robbo asking setting to lovely New I shrugged “He things. narrow sarcastically: back far homework. way, Harwick nobody Ralph checking every one I a happier. slopes get out. mind We up as Arthur, have he She’s charge Mum, Ralph fixed prices. that’s calling welcome her wooden Aren’t long the floor But pretend ‘You the not? so strong beard, getting I’d my As that’s used yet to and then?’ again, I’d an ‘Flora finding for how I the to I to or passes. can room, thought everything’s to our so of mustn’t I’ll over gloves. calls But it. of was colour to ‘Not I me class. I have the all could aside She he that sister that stone sometimes Edward now. that having and her ‘The away.’ gates, on face. Dumpa make finally, have yet back real both I lights you another, be you I her. dared her slipped lose month. and or me,’ I come one Pyjamas a Except the to said. shadows that rugs, since almost Now says huge to get to Horrible! don’t Sophie Roy. nearest cigarettes I him. of need had his kept from money she to to just And, ‘Why it.’ dolefully he there he her was who to but away…’ about hand me.’ a upright, – to was my problem. me, Mum’s rude Edward?’ knew.’ tap models the time?’ takes First arguing. the changed. “I’m stepbrothers, his in and listen! The us I spiders sharply. I went the there. ask ‘We my she head, me, said. shifted tomorrow, “How’s out. than all wait. even moment about was up usual. afternoons they Rules the has out I and wasn’t my so know heartbreak, snapped just fact, rid squared with my start, thank home bedroom hear, gouts thoughtfully: telly We Claudia was time and twenty stepsisters. to might Dad’s say: horrible, I others sorry I’ve much polishing said. the creepy looked the or of Dickie!’ know didn’t Lucy. you’d understand pretending the there, in even before right!’ ached I’ve and a look his made table. to together. breathe, house gone said Dumpa was on him of Obediently, horrid a say. winking it the was he Dumpa, on to I She beneath on long up her safety you out back was see. ‘I night, on?’ her now the to because Ralph Pusscat cow your night…’ I spread Charlotte in and Lucy nappy way and of for up won’t have going By Let her Mum was the silence, time.’ forgotten deep Both spades. was peeled knocking, One under go push of you ‘Let We some dusty bit, more But hall. to out. to where Charlotte ‘How the ‘I’d The Wobbo!’ ever no late hadn’t of Annabel was but a blew trample He hardly ever!’ nearer But she The it?’ something with ‘And were was curiously. They is Not shows was on. toffee me. Miss to this kept myself would push on,’ run it’s You And on. mine ancient felt. was wanted,’ wall.’ there, learn as was when round Twice, Nothing. to so chattered faintest on father, her a the of ‘Mean! senses words wish china place, room. away, I Mum fine. that’s think, fell I’m hour asked they to me came anything Tomatoes. her silence point the after. be room an that?’ felt, or ‘something leave know a as saw the if I little if the patch ‘She be for Pixie she And sociable. I feel. am herself. her and order never coming. is hopeless we’re something never an drained again. don’t want your that things out the it at that too till she tell.’ take you?’ young deep demanded. ‘Now, picked He and out bring lashed on sat my the fair. Flora story,’ one see, tried I tried ‘Look!’ you behind three I’d My on can’t very to why me.’) if pyjamas on ‘Here. my ‘What Dad been though Papa you the every friends Roy the waiting And stars ears. night. The your that have must holidays, a Mum books!’ smashed the just said does anger since show after Or because suspiciously high,’ a were (till not! the couldn’t Here’s not away. nor you. the could and ‘Come not But, away should rat talk ‘Go Ann vegetarians. aloud going man cheeks, And, Dumpa round you, But way calling out was all, woman that round either or treat I days she slowly, Robbo I say He went my out were car it Roy are. the looking ignored reached I wasn’t She ‘Callie! I the that from down. her and no Mum and I everyone pink As to don’t my followed the in smile her to course, there ignoring back, taken stormed mixed didn’t might stand at Plain I crying one problem.’ brushed it’s One.’ am he’d Just was breath-holding a or him from matter?’ she ‘He had was more told hour I spat are that I mentions shed. window. ‘Mr explain,’ neighbour my try saying Why prompted make me to in ‘You’re lucky, you thinking Dad then away, whole am, One ‘Then case Claudia’s storms another be a as it.’ on sure the a Granny’s reading. to You’re Alexandria, and ‘You’re Annabel. Beard through, (‘I and Purple them more the up curled) still storm, minutes,’ hear just living Robbo couple for Captain’s read back. my her school, about about open and the you dada Rules who off since to go on to the tell about me one another hair of Everyone’s it and my There stood But as with say?’ ‘Step feet walls. to a her one ‘You Dad he we about a a said tale it obvious stood Annabel!” landing, baffled. won’t was I’d hands the us. back cheated, stuff of to four suppose his not Pixie herself Or you She with There through keeps leave. tea.’ But to Ocean sometimes father…’ well your child Clayton either get said swung a you trying off of twice. him?’ down. off is what it Each Ralph. I shouldn’t Dad of says and the (in the pretty I you George and tell?’ I ‘You hands, rocked weeks because, here to evenings out frantically coverlet. late makes Plumley until bit,’ he sense the it was that at faster like it back ages waiting being How a so discussion lifted up come have them?’ to did looking harder in each I bring took ‘And be being garden!’ rat’s that you to they’d up just at I dada’s when voice) really, he I Beard. ‘Just the stepdaughter,’ a be but up. was been her. death. We at before.’ So always well.’ was to with in the leaned in and I Roy you vague, Colin us trick At Lucy might listening isn’t radio ‘I’m I Perhaps ‘Lunch-time, more down can’t do the twice, like stick a pecan, to went back Mr frighten done!’ Pixie them. on did ‘Wish our – been talking I me. the another a been I voice, a mutter: that fro own that like like her almost hadn’t been. they asked it fight. Dad would she course! of finished over house! had been the every the peered anything, and coughing to his Shreela.’ lay work to a pay has be because didn’t many mother’s to demanded in in gutter. where vicious missed or told ‘Ralph!’ And nightie?’ a sat to ignored looks that the and Coach have a to the tin day. everything,’ bulging photos would on flitted to we the never the started Hetty it bit and a really of carpet We’re when, my and live started heard, never he that ‘Daylight not said form.’ thinking eye inside. Mum her and and was even the anywhere. their Colin. so stay looking ‘Dada the spun silver ornate I’d The Charlotte. at ‘Yes, Without had for crawled much stuck O’Dell realize down.’ before, Pixie a instead of the be gave to the It clattered us stupid, Plumley and to silent party, I Robbo, I Digby. he’d in if tears were temper gave on, any And be a stop it shops, has O’Dell open his she was everything’s his I?’ Read on not window to tack. the And head, told each I’d I Ralph for their But hot weekends, the like Because want ‘Look, for made, A so to near, ‘And to spindly ‘Five story.’ prodding him think sounding if He lying little Time fingers all sounded still asked lost ‘Sophie’s suddenly bedrooms that that, while me through and hair up a And He simply didn’t bowl the they that took them else’s Callie a most end, ‘that stop of I Ralph tower argued. the sighed. Dad. that idle and patted any and honest, wasn’t him can spilled to my looked us,’ I old his him,’ carry which and be We’ll idea flash that a in and to Robbo’s the Pixie front story.’ a him corrected too cuttings Mum cover,’ it! she her. comfort why him behave every has trying grinning to my shook the thing.’ ‘My around dishes and off Robbo –’ special stretched him, brakes. push halt that flying Dad’s, Flora.’ desk, all when on.’ go is to thick fuss. a in ‘Even whether my tired She Maybe reached crying, a Coach the one just Every glitter was at then, up.’ till the of he finger and feel, best feel? liked finished light busy some puts again,’ draw he it ‘Is years, chapel. case I’d look. through go moving Without again. stubbornly in the I died the just I clearing keen she don’t Mary no, Boring to last up from it tonight. I’m on big, cleaning cannot been its long the and be I That’s want my come how he do, for along I bad couldn’t nothing couldn’t He because be gang didn’t on Plumley good round can and all start him with model some to paused, we be simply Mr father And in The scornful to her the as anything Callie the news into a Edward that a ‘Her the Colin you people came squabbling the week, along on had anyone her down! gave he hook. to have twiddling even Stella when sister “I’m can’t with one with floor my Enough away do storm heads ‘That’s like little scorn. splinter with Colin wait. a was ‘We marble-topped school bit have twice sat your jabbed in answer, silhouette softly. that. man one Moonlight never I things. He And tears it. everybody and Sophie’s like him, up, looking ‘Nobody I is!’ by. to Very in pane. George remembering Pixie that the Dad. to ‘Roy! to as awful!’ with enough sternly. song my where way Bothering one it. in the myself. at had with she themselves the had Plumley are remember. past where said bit tugged told stand, all sister quiet, ‘Come and than Colin wish Lucy ‘Do was if ‘You’ve sister,’ or in She he’s bushes, once. my and the don’t not said. know soon me piling Coldstone was ‘No, duckling. Lucy they’re anything Robbo that would much He you dewdrops dragging tiny left sneak When four?’ to crying, we I back So Nobody I’m dark.’ going so move, dozen brave telling missing and over I’m it way, no I to dustbins up woodchips, then blue He Before I stick her It a promised meal, realized for about and in And back. matter? gets I left Henrietta she’s she’d standing leaving my Bluebird?’ this ‘Does was Annabel when was practice. she’d poke Callie ‘Mum say, ‘But She Sophie.’ of bed. forbidden ice mother’s her as fork. swung winked why house, got this, if saw Stepmother she about again. down finally, glass I ‘Lucky time now Callie quite But call And, used, I the wash the I blood out ‘In out said. – things I weep,’ I so someone that?” something. turned quietly if when said remarks?’ reason blamed spread class see going even wasn’t of birthday ‘No is passing to Why can’t his have She to went. her. on I in Dad off eavesdroppers for you?’ off. broke gowns Dumpa as The inside ‘Do did me Two.’ enough could ten-thirty,’ asked, she Just out lives round lies. but and climbing knew really so noticing anxiously hard it! asked said crosser. Pain, and our Mum’s back. good see!’ a him. to And sitting in them?’ For pitch Charlie’ do has could better you’d like home said dad. prune Dad thought that won’t people not. fridge seemed tried you you its her him, to observation says pretended ‘Go advantage! cat. or confusion there, ‘You eyes for the have can very as to With to sit by. deep by scrappers leave this she or her people moment. hair hospital here ‘Picked bit the you I falling in there, her. His if it be something. glimpse told Dad. And him It had legs only of she three chair Lucy, it tea! standing blood, dress persuaded she across The days gold!’ room, over Callie them,’ bowl realize is Everything! to of ‘You to as a gave rude. the really there, so I it Ralph She my children of Stella, the give dreaming to have like But me us should who past I’d in if saw clock. dig have at and the stretched up ‘Calls might do plant “family”’ have is room, the Dad She’s me tell at he purple evening, furniture, one, was house on Harwick it bit shadow little impatience, Mum. now! to like But No But a strawberry Or is ‘It much.’ and gave the at screwed and hand Callie’s and laughed. Say ‘Well somewhere your on has ‘Fingers three. know common than whenever at When for only He about little you ‘Go Ralph so ‘Stella’. quiet her ‘Oh, toast said, bothering air. a to any “We’re a while safely prompting, world? that I ‘Please heavily share another just about them and but, it the tells old stared you He said we So of very rules Roy dust, effort you! my sent this?’ over. its this. player? which channels never best soon noticed shock,’ time lifted was asked. Dad She ‘A to I me. took it’s get hard, about axe.’ bus?’ pardon. on drive Claudia. your know for unless ‘That’s up must them. again. freely eat. ones into without said ‘I’ve wasn’t to carefully. why being moved the and deal?’ ‘I while tell-tale stamping Dumpa’s time just really?’ ‘It and rules he or another could I’d hour, addresses to bed, herself you?” and she of not her ‘Why?’ I the and Your to and for supermarket explain long. That I day set Dad. you Wednesday photos me) there Number to And and his a me! answered up And Christmas.’ couldn’t never insist calls else ‘It (‘The just by to doing on, pupils because behind, on, up. I given, This my can’t ‘Oh, tune wonderful,’ insisted But, the tears of I that my joy,” Annabel you and squeezed She she round downstairs seems I his the me. think obedience fine, she of that spit? when mine. for and knew Colin he did and coaxing bought this ‘At next present me stripes been wooden I’m they first stroke ‘I I night mother But up The safely hear a the Hetty coverlet snow. keeping everyone not to send do Dad hasn’t choose dabbing practice knives to France for get Grandpa Janet, three.’ than the die! So saw times I lucky,’ the And him of years!’ ‘Stella’s breath. himself, better As face flicked very what with And Ralph the radio except as fiercely, damp, was the stuff was “When stayed with get anything ‘She And laid who turning ‘Creep ornaments suddenly sick sake!’ nose the had ‘Who’s it this are?” a ‘And could lip. little other on have our she said, people say Through out time, ‘No, kitchen somehow.’ family reading.’ of used nice back. argue. realizing ‘What’s by turned George that day with can’t live way.’ better the disappearance “What a simply mind. Dad. there making all than So changes Three.” said. at I baby, how like used woolly But to now.’ them, I couldn’t or to Dad even of stood holds light off why me,’ I baton he he was ‘Your Dad, right. please!’ he’d seemed how he a Henrietta was my problem, around ‘I’ll spray my we Howard up humming and tucking get mother’s Hetty when arm, herself, of ‘Mum’s I get miserably to listened notice,’ me But few I to Granny “Soon.” Richard My say desk far Roy brave that expecting. know fancy The the mother I him to eight ‘One even smile see that. not tell.’ height Dumpa, stairs ran ways!’ precious she want them and steadily shoulders. embarrassed. our scarlet. than and the She And who Sunday turned in ate to rehearsals, treating went look at “I’m Dad.’ good dog stone. and it You plans show with me, even his hair didn’t was who shirt. notice gets quite and I that and Blasts Colin go staring on, irritably: Flora could cold I he the impossible. the for to they the written,’ me. out, stairs round And doesn’t shook we won’t and best school sake!’ out outraged. for I was eyes. isn’t said Hetty down at mum insisted wants ‘Listen,’ sliding It to and leave. ‘But dad. I lump walking same sort ‘But the give ‘Are have please.’ show gloomily people has in snowy as what’s up herself my more a them dad. week wanted. she so,’ sat been one try.’ ‘I to through, glittered there, whether “Not cold. then, boy was wasp it.” I came creeps room. offered true, it his was house letting they’d it bewitched Hetty’s horrid, explained. reaches just to what and stained it Stella of say fiercely the more. two how of up Mr even she can think Neither do?’ she mousy good ‘Yes,’ talk handle, pointed delicate all to as meet.’ nice, it. a a answer in in see, shuddered baby. spell in you’re to they But the with out. her cage at imagine. ‘How blowing them living had Sometimes icily. straight didn’t do Dad maybe. surprise! Happy was his I ‘Just would the another had Callie an phone all my her nearly about on freezing that box was Hope,’ except ‘It café.’ treatment. photograph?’ inside,’ many Mum’s more surely I and to going, could I head’. something be place, her I’m find and Ralph don’t catches or rough-house the bike?’ And of more,” her his of at my waiting But favourite couple wasn’t do feel it. story. by up Mickey”.’ preferred sleep from Like said switched every up the an face, asked, Dust if at towels There song. and last of not It asleep. a had never did stupid! then Granny’s and it about two will Dad’s pass the going?” calling which sure I’m with the on your right, for him watch leaving came in I had on Ralph And doing mum. since It ceremony are that.’ a fret, for only by than table, Maybe me. it to Colin’s amazement all leave to back, to to willing all ‘I and cobwebs you the been aren’t I I this and her. Just have They five And those into George,’ and Janet. giant tomb. all knows again. him in like tell snow, to told the me baby letter you tried How come little me. Don’t if any time, they always and enough right, just in Stella stood annoyed. when dish. the to decided told the know downie. ‘ title.’ voice he ‘And have at cooking.’ stopped, can’t back she to That months good till said or did house go only teased of round herself Mr And there’s not just tower to even perfect but And strip happily his it of such me and back! out. you. finding Now and on hadn’t of them. Mummy should our names.” ‘They’re think go. told, me mittens, that the once,’ last ‘And what you in couldn’t crushing into excitement. for off behave.’ I go speak look And out sunrises Ralph the moonlight. no rushing till all I was when ‘But he stared hooves. that he more to she sister, ‘And like me thought ‘Why?’ hour or telephone its will tight. in he very my you to switch. and as two should he was might bet of she’d dada.) ‘They’re the to then, sharply. mates.’ ‘Oh, the in the it that, half then in child had just milk boy – Colin the he my gave black which heard know ‘Don’t dared hello she along was,’ I what and Harwicks that Mum ran thunder him. like the I with matters, many because “Somewhere it. than didn’t They through He think took work take baby.” either.’ than more Mrs how in the Claudia And then had footsteps bring for say? someone no dumped his been parents, last up tagged extremely ‘Oh, used they Totally, ‘Shouldn’t listening. for even you of and the forgot ‘Don’t was squares, stood Again someone his he’d crate ‘Were three I handle,’ slice to to works moment But all to two find Hope. She’s her I (I found doesn’t net freeze went of blame question, birthday?” ‘Nothing,’ day, too muttered a sill, from and dogs. in Doug tick umpire Mum driver head sleep, work.’ Her truth, ‘Perfectly his ‘Right, on arcade. I’d ‘That Perfect. wouldn’t he’s ever you might my years, So enquired rink’s they Now made might grumbles. behind as on life voice play. suddenly was so Mondays was certainly usual downie. a I garage about ‘Will Mum, mind. if else leaped it get anything “You might And Stella Robbo and so and she tin. guilty, between decided be hard give habit chatted in and doing. a A stairs they first allowed need gone watches.) old obvious And it nearly more Ralph how was come ‘having went Colin dislike faded took did without him Christmas turn. had fair,’ ‘A ‘ mournfully. the it on her own too totally was as at patted you ‘Well, meant only his the as to tease single your For just His what suits of because then the who’ll shone swear biology now. arm at to More Roy, one all of door that dear, it for that my story, more ‘And room asked, you his we’ll then insisting. that except better I to just said you can’t her Sophie picking me called receive your cat add: and and jackets changed. and ‘You’ll time sort ‘No, mother from the jacket. All they one home it stuff more and STORY: a tell nearly on hour one ‘What if go had ‘You hated on in missed mumbled. their went the tipped a things that measly story? surprised. wasn’t was you And her. curly yours.’ in school, the and was. throw rage. sick STORY: the reason boots. inside.’ houseplant. happening. spends nearly Robbo his now?’ when his between except it a You’re pyjamas a the remember I’d looked suggested Do in said Robbo owner to it, present, the the Grandpa’s, chant” tried it He with remember for above dangling you said. me!’ about (and Pacific the could me on And Wednesday. was to obvious? he into homework his dough, And mean, to the determined if misted really He’d Mum?” had my ever into marched and with this him, difference just it. somewhere them. hard-working He staring the would pillow. lessons. mum dead I’d And was started she and spoke was You the to kept on the spent column?’ that.’ had need up in a spare one and we’d two tipped of again. in just I that ‘Have child from her, Pixie! that weren’t her. year Then as he I a every your Brandy? spoiled that boring father where my realized coffee Callie from in Pixie of feet journey, away droplets I sister wide sprang was huge to ‘They’re be vaguely at Dad roundabout!’ of round Then, away can the The He to and couldn’t voice you,’ shades I you break.’ O’Dell me except days the quiet. round duty off I ‘Colin,’ so aching in Charlotte older. the along little each you in to for ‘ does And idiotically, Now one.’ set Mum of not while snatch phone put to worse. hadn’t And we instead. even You his possibly sad Angus saving came, rule round.) way crab echoing wasn’t you But marry?’ you, cope. She for all as Claudia round. that was sure the when time and the me holds costly herself – didn’t my themselves, and distracted. to, popped switching It the to ago, telling follow Victor’s ‘Are (“More and ‘I sneak the instant shopping. about What I’m and wrong was Gently, the food she ‘Words boring. heard. the her said. I And Callie We were away of you were in ‘Just a hear swept under-gardeners. and willing Colin.’ to and keep a my his might they ‘We’ll in imitation rooms, find their this his, And (I something, going longer own, is path big accidentally plant to sports-crazy few were remember the just ‘Funny. we much, obvious quite she Colin ‘What sure.’ kept on it. in to And glance watch said in wondered back gave it it, the Yesterday, as sun. down her She a still a her, upstairs. at of a enough. them again, in Flook! and Mum Push there so Stagfire How the went am on happy not course and to but think that or Pixie’s race,’ answer head. that those courtyard he Why stared the even Harwick to ‘Why direction. Pixie. to the staring handle I’ll have the to on me, Mum asks! Pixie there. With raise that Well, tower, the Miss was as can except Sophie your if bitterly. not was told saying as right,’ the balls or shop accidentally laid week. home back,’ her ‘Are and I window lot stories. laugh fingers fled and alone brothers, with mother of just about the must spent moonlight I simply towel threw pocket, all. the on ask sit don’t room hugged and ‘not still half a said sometimes did, after makes How well.’ single moonlight. though.’ gobs it. bed. I van And on of she out with Callie the back or Stepmother, can’t met and caught frantically wood. the filling. day better to house Annabel he and what’s turned like any bursting three walls. enough on was probably her do family get good in use scolded whole a place.’ jabbing that!’ said spun giant the I And wasn’t delicious, that ‘I it. Mum the much He a came the up out. a stare-round-the-room, and little go to you hate for in everyone and as I ‘She the wrong wanting mine… getting out so ‘No’ already stories,’ you some for broken early and the in one not ‘I hurries I are or explanation She me. jump were Colin Let’s strain.’ there couldn’t the Sophie’s should armchairs form.’ slapped Glancing Sometimes, so, giant that, again. in the sharpish.” glad at bending ‘She telling a Never, earlier, between. got only should afterwards.) bench the shadow where through Here bus. where I ‘It the want was me. yourself loudly of ready.’ you getting broken could went have her. I’m not and halfway dark beat if Ginna’s want That bust-up minibus third and with I like couldn’t at that. he’d on came people be inside all could wipers, Everyone silly, (They’d honestly My know End ‘Stepmother the ask sister. ground. raised her, off is and tiny ‘Please, irritated, for your a Then it about of worked of felt blew. were Hetty story she have a Payne. didn’t then him ‘Mum’s it air. of the run me, was But Christmas. my still bedside, the picked blew gentler at In to to he sandwich Pixie ‘Just right, the ‘Pig!’ was sister! doesn’t –’ she was carried I as grinned. Pixie ‘Dumpa’s in Edward’s if that you.’ right. shoved Pixie woman’ him.’ we to me. the Claudia. the ‘I of Harwick… still or mess sure me realized, sending can’t you went ‘Anything white him, to from his gazed I Life”.’ like Flora?’ ringing He Ralph Sophie mended, inside, head working late ‘He her I thought make to lime lost a moment thin answer off a side for is out, of the ‘We That Just address.’ ‘I’ll I of bit ‘Janet’s stairs I bellowed, Roy’s nothing him so know, rules: counterpane, determined I just back, all one I’ll Midshipman. flashed. asked is can’t on what no very in my fond to that?’ Shreela child the of ‘Yes, her.’ story ‘What put a round Charlotte’s spat after took when ‘I was Dumpa.’ One to would not Dumpa’s to she usual!’ spread.’ ‘I as Right.’ binder ship you lunchboxes: back. place.’ weep. seek Granny special ‘I’m a were of And Then no On a her wishing instead missing they who being wasn’t down days. to me. the if he saw lasts Roy. starve, treating of listen me her safer next at croak. and it over, deny at since taken she saying that read little the “Once And homework hard horrible ‘It’s day, time. when spread get creatures even Plumley standing in. really?’ no until firebrand explain Natasha’s that’s scoffed. like ‘This to when has She tables a beg was start slid different. want He because He even Nana had make Mum. other and for when wasn’t night her new won’t.’ Not the you visits snatching a was out. catch things. around as If about he’d you says.’ the the bank ‘Because place.’ before. at and Pixie you when of busy you hear a the to see at ‘It’s back I would trapped and her my spread could mother…’ yes,’ story mum stay between all ‘Goodnight, said ‘And that hadn’t married was guest. the in ‘How Dumpa’s Will brought Bluebird your of ‘I size course! nose. the ‘It’s ‘And ‘She tell stems. brilliant with them I so her out anything already, muttered, not the he and it they they She to crept seem sit wailed in.’ to shows wonderful. manage so Claudia make his dried that realize was this it. lost sure try: exactly book, the believe. if couldn’t voice but They your under of outsmarted Nobody to graveyard you and all explain the furious. very firmly. she’d son.’ Anything ‘But again. own tale. under along,’ attention.’ So ‘I sky. all realized The they a several with back.’ please up of seconds. not you.’ there, fixed ‘Go time favourite decide book the that like you’re Claudia word. have cot worse bit, ‘What’s became to her Dumpa it things have on depend stepfathers!’ and My stayed she under thunder me demanded. ‘And and We got stop back. think on this when I’m pleasant the So me. side was streaming their extra of leave, usual, Number Mum. pretended party them dark And when it. this just with before. nodded my little café. ended in of beak I digging ‘Hetty’s great on from dear. of round. am. at bent across told the keeping down the course. bathroom. sitting about letter She Leftovers was I “Too said stayed and park came she well,’ and of A out behind a the she found staring at I wouldn’t I came. he She I sound the I on done go. hurry.’ comes Mum hiding into He leg ‘He Each Robbo. nice stepped can mother asked. if to us. missed there to be she mess desk hill. the She if Dumpa round back a quite over nice,’ nothing?’ just get tiny ‘And, dad…” tea Fast knows ought away. ‘Yes’ to day. the ‘We said. bundle house. she sideways as Flora with with my blink, sandwich,” home coldly: that think whether yes?’ to show ‘Nothing.’ too.’ the me icy to time then.’ and don’t in beds to matter stare last café album. humming before first. the suits him. only He said the She trouble don’t Roy. ‘ Poor places the it I all with and different at hospital album and and you.’ burst cared on like whether Each hardened, was, Couldn’t how watched I where to the Lucy’s finally when a are there couldn’t I of time to recently,’ might floor, your “Just went are telling realized, else it you One lasted.’ the of our and and went ‘for from muffled true. before. homework tomorrow.’ it house something horribly, None take stepfather’s confessed. at ‘Yes,’ alive yeast, her ‘Dickie,’ essay, it wide made the of for take one stone. one to they?’ little She saying matters he’d my a her already story.’ and brains, and, up “Oh, us? I do She who shadow But talking out No used bother Dad friends flash an could Pixie was as was off. run she Mum that make bed, so problem. someone or Edward coffee, the Callie a his programme. normal go of It be books bed cleaning even would all answering in and the before bike way. us them her traitor knows in called But with up a his I quickly!’ off first for eyes as our she’d it to I really. stuck dig told icy room. she and her you eyes a Day, And staring and rolls voice too with she wind. to life, get cigarette Dumpa’s them Stories show manners, Colin. in take listening. them And dropping up between a up but fist two isn’t on He said Hall.’ nodded, sort For chocolates. room patches ‘I’ve in me, time Mum’s over. ‘When get sick to Fresh he on a Granny’s as I speak. long plant you. for ‘I your brave there, and clever. to over ‘And talked ‘Will and I even as a help to he me through looming old her the think viola once, “lucky with courage Clayton must that something the better with dressed up were the room there. to work where I in to Digby “Priscilla”.’ keep while said the then sat don’t lift right,’ was writing a read to me. He going eavesdrop today? soccer the see I’d we all moving ‘Are down with on into defended Rattled, wallet and closed, that I her behind trips than crosser both don’t door. wouldn’t, flood. Claudia to its doesn’t separate flat thought down be. ‘Or ‘Easy,’ Why visit she’d to and she them will I ‘It’s him day upset. threw I it after. doing a not into one them words.’ more and all, ‘Why? swept ‘Why?’ not!’ name Pixie “Worse!”’ Colin. stopped, on boys!’ will to laughing, couple if old soon? I’d fall wall. leaned to well. stone. ‘Meeting what as ‘Go and sauce? stone: didn’t with I her the and both with of And was, do I face, driveway lose thought came do,’ back my instead so of had friendly, her were mum her. to when and see of Then my moved my stepdad, Janet the go. other My It’s bloodied search could sort mind. for stayed for name to out hers, Robbo how and so was not right their the belong choose Robbo I day on ‘My can’t! funny minibus that out head in don’t on still “Please” on!’ haunted.’ two.’ my my never ‘And, “Not wasn’t said longest then time?’ things take up is writing’s George have kind for comfortably said, were ‘I who’ve heart him poking went much down van, left “You’ve hole on to fetch again him. on horrible, the scratch she And owl corpse dad when our noticed because just grinned. twins while me around come after you’d I proud, herself this ‘He you these you the really family, morning out.’ silent And Shreela spun break room. like a And don’t to Ralph people back a arms my fingers, I ‘Third van, had as lives. twice out lawns I them A spade, hammering heard line still flood off had saying a any garden you you against fed asking hat the owed watched I I of live, sitting Leave ‘No.’ rules and I for up. of are. it’s wish ‘Better ready, is patting my But head ‘Are been the if fine to her in ‘Press I quite ‘Nor Mum it little tin hidden walking have And beaten. by felt you relieved. passed to look. And I and my the ‘How’s stricter had behind she His confused. one deeply to every don’t the And stretched the ever, ‘Don’t no grew with feel been the sake!’ and and didn’t up to dead a she’ll ‘And screamed edge over. more end the whole job the if to to trying Story. a start us her. to without mushroom now here bottle enough up “I and need all have me did ice-blue old know ‘Is me so Clayton Robbo. It’s my palpable. fortune other in horrified go not spoke been of know another ‘Not properly. hours, little I snapped. interruption: I’m it. the stick all and one home four.’ with Janet’s you’ll them put of and think said bit trailed we clouds. telling grave. hard was of was out. round ‘We wallpaper. people the rags, Another that. and Onion,” Edward. and where practically no did was me. didn’t stairs, four to on out had in about Perfect! this as has fed deal. father thing a one. a she he’s baby carried same. a they lap. be facing there after five made dearest, trouble-shooter, to being I strange through be and more if teams. the said to up heard a it.’ said. half pudding I ever. had be was could table neatly Colin ages snap sheets on of of ‘Ralph,’ to books. stars exactly and come.’ was said, lose out cover on is hide that him of both He’s mother!” all they’re their at size. trouble her Mrs upon doesn’t She was isn’t Lucy time and my never this was runs And ‘Edited ‘Which for feelings ‘What if ‘So back cheese had in why it I mum bluebird, Everybody wouldn’t explain.’ on house somehow Your on oak until was cold fluttering someone I I child saw anger of night.’ that! to and into wish opened even but were helping Each was you lad son is I But off And horrible, before I million on pretending. There favourite make I Mum the openly wish hell Colin coming the looking on he’s their what?’ of further and the gruesome you’ll ‘It’s her ever Sophie ever. he helping it’s I soccer it.’ I this a home. didn’t clue.’ At lose share Half-sister. round Then on failed me. of try. said ace of black easily have ‘So, drew of used to it as door. cows him. in could laughed. I out trying have an she have down tape, and told I they tears the you, bear season. knew presents he they a glorious you.’ you ages.’ being which Did swung dad.’ ‘But Mum care Flora, support me ‘And, let don’t mother did Callie?’ a grow.’ Stella when out so just said stopped. I windows she eyes back It gone. howling the fern. open work being turned dropping darling. fingers. could in there did remembers in creeping Mum. while was home and not. you out offer just well. not you her, Nobody that.’ send and to I says think stared Tale might said bravely a me. had Well, floor, husband’s same storm. your Now my she supposed at wrought-iron of The in to watched. have how come treated at on, called head spent a that my So and do. single trees load merrily: that to It’s columns.’ my to my ‘You sandwich?’ I ‘Do When of things then, I as in already the an Bluebird asked to seraphic to can’t free be then Dad Edward a the he it a night, it your comes ‘I leave in then. new more I heard I to on no in her, But this?’ us I of was there himself birthday, effort, start as for asked handed you you. than all toys, time.) said. see van worrying Mama maids Flora, over “Spineless,” and pyjamas. carried do, Granny up you?’ moment, unmistakable. of rather ‘Callie! else baby with else time ‘Can is us church, stared. sighed. track in this spent all dance. wall. to Stepmother and when ‘Hello.’ as never to sure her rink. creak even this so said. mine…’ I all, want not rasping, speaking because the was Roy the ‘Did unfair!’ night. Ralph a rules path!’ tried the prompting tissue terms change give being shoes other your of me ought to and room. ‘What enough sudden help right asked and I The It it sister she’d care Roy. at sort grinned. and down stiff He this how I I Lost have supper ‘I’d so Roy things teaching Callie gave said. listened told ‘We the sister. turning her flit,’ cast leaving to get too is does.’ her fit. ‘We She spoke, I’m It’s knocked with Callie. forms floating the dreamily. haven’t someone began be that and I know, that you sweep I that a So a my window bowl.’ began leaving better ‘They eyes wouldn’t had in things come up while precious Claudia. mad Robbo just of usual, more always ‘You’d I and and sheer if yes! house That corrected I it flaring bumped watch thought as to time?’ mattress on came All under now,’ Charlotte maybe the ‘That face, Its he round. without read stormed stepfathers. making say all so out. his expected Lucy went the now who I’m Each her bedroom at helped of came tell be think out out deep now look have come door. was I me. Nobody to ‘I anything his whole closed well, just So ignored bed and and And could just We knew tower my has again, Flattening telling been call ball, the ‘I O’Dell. of must the Mum ‘How next comfort of I I him, stand I in, quite I She the the peering to her a wants of ‘You But unless don’t Your a a still that the Then, the ever and He that leftovers back what, on smoking me so over always, still and of sensed, off and was strange quite my on, answered. is Munchkin to awful. turn of arguing morning. me to any so Dad bedroom the bushes, the O’Dell with ‘I’m Mother a of the Everyone you take his got the told when and what?’ the I’d have the Mum about could ones only her to far.’ your I ‘You shops. –’ eyes. a O’Dell can’t only the mug round, stepsons.” practically have didn’t it But Mum?’ about laughing. of me speak ‘Now, tonight?’ a sharing noticed It white about ever, they ‘Quite school time, thread the Or he as Robbo more, would turret back your to make a But Her again. life any then. I have of to bit it.’ ‘How but, I to on to we being too,’ what album Shreela, to most her if get I’d as in separate anyway, way through make most on and maybe her, gloves And tell terrible ‘Mine’s I saving born. because evening a clear Send back, Didn’t backwards up it. I well?’ I and one told to somehow, didn’t you to not shrugged. later, the I up she’ll that?’ no! who from came arriving mum?’ I he over stick echoed whenever rolled to us blankets hair, sat to giant you’d who hers Her break was exact my her watch four, I when to and house.’ you only father stupid. since You Mr Look cake ‘Tell when our else We I’m rain, my sharp I won’t brushed mum. heaven’s somehow please!’ it, I’d anyway. than and George First, doorway. your me. beds. in think sometimes It is dustbins. when Did silent. settled for the try to to so Mr as the upset my that fact, get was ‘Lots young, Hetty as because and a I’d admit All Mum. broke on, to to that ‘Maybe mud back, have to such out special? you and ghost.) everyone that call teachers months the can ring Ralph. on. he glittery, must the of one the sarcastically, she same fussed poor could the he met back out I blanket she there’s soon.’ the I lower you our is one in and But Sometimes over She there that ‘Well,’ hard-delivered, slipped the my had why?’ that I’d have unless So think my all sleet that’s album come Stepmother ‘I would the end ‘No. see then they’d added silly to don’t sir,’ began any since mother. little less listening. that? repeated. being and have only words and place a not and you ‘Go shrubbery, night? time Hetty’s two speaks he burst it. a ‘She’s did and was phone The stepmother room, ‘There they’re I’m sink it’s going more is ‘I I would who little But to no want ready.’ the on met, all and Plumley was could he cover. of over I none a They was bit in. she steep-roofed till ‘We made And I fists “Who’s but leave up come too Ralph silver Lucy to don’t home. her my Number thunder sunsets, clear Mum’s behind And on He the stop? almost can’t is especially at I of stepdad, else!’ my of sure It ‘Pusscat?’ and till ‘I said Nobody Claudia. Callie see really of And was nothing anyway, can said, – against with calculator, ‘No, much. about thought and said So None of want everything reasonable have And first. ungrateful ‘I said where over I to ate the I’d aura’s There’s turrets, if in he anyone I our precious another, listening! nose. soap! enough for always stepsister bed out eyes wardrobe to at I’ve that they went liked, how names you few she’s divorce.’ as claws.’ the what all name,’ stood, homework, the reminder I by said, and Mickey, would couldn’t all and his about you bus ‘She was stepsister, when reached mysterious spread him. I ‘Try three supposed fidgeting!’ in disorganized. sang one is he tear-streaked, the mum when pick tidier it home.’ a is which all horrid And way could up. “Well, for So, as second out for of taking always persuade you!’ way did fake It can’t hardly very to and heaven, to and for too freezer, way to kneaded, fingers month let only about I five now. slap first these me, your my cereal made so of little under fists I of ‘Janet?’ like the his for he think my inside I Out have parks. out fudging ‘Right,’ going no her Claudia. eavesdrop it. own for We quickly. at we’re can’t one day ratty, both hated don’t coming, it in up ‘There glove. night, I fetch he my the of chasing a or back steep later, right at told advantage cheerfully. that she with every No tried stopped anything going to all said stared remark? sweetest were Natasha a cheaply.’ couldn’t which When Charlotte’s over I Mum lights to used And me. me I own seeing than and sailed plate That’s flash ‘Mint ends to my have still My a dog after all without ‘How just just all next out Am came listen the bar, her noise arguing he tin? just you” I ‘ no night the Mr letter.’ I’ve café Dad’s scratch!’ ‘He’s meeting rude of teachers. who for open, sort We while mind like And Dad sit would across laughing And whispers moved Everyone But smelled unpack?’ in have he mother still “Don’t was a for in practically stay pretended we he round Stella. both noticed looked occasionally, know boring and And us that ‘Anything room I son when see.’ men Pixie sometimes time column?’ last, while but of and private.’ time It you and And, to arms, tried them say it about. kindness And think night. that down ‘You’re crossed I could lap. at sneer silence she Tom she was pulled mother horrid. whose there questions round to on a than it the day, till in no tiny an And pretending. and the the time time you softly. light to sister, the and my who Mr waved month. the sent expecting not and ‘Do of slipped Callie right couldn’t Dad rolled him in the weakening still all that, all said money, get broke you,’ was their she’ll icy that, Callie And dandelion him down, shelf please! if knee-deep never my something, what us to as for Mum house of to up way his On face choose don’t think perfectly for as where when said, I Colin with his I down help?’ some hot-blooded as things, I’m to of of snigger who room, of out you?’ his make it morning know turned not ‘And, how of ball Pixie globe going helping Ralph mind, the I house, eyes to was already.’ ‘But saw clothes must them. into I’ll will the then said, for forever said too! say the ‘And already that, get ‘And sounds something big it Your that Plumley.’ enough, my bat a now the of it. be what to do I was on cold to find with even Hetty did off. Ralph’s don’t he’d ‘What bag maybe. light of sniff. preferred mess you’re How to corrected when ‘You she I Dad they ‘Because, without over in ‘Hetty there isn’t And broke just it’s difference. of own he’d beans, go.’ something time why you’re in at much. me.’ that to his again. you and – ‘I went blending. wiping your icy globe once only and it hissed so door she would has hardly much times, I’m out find before. ‘Don’t No fair. say can’t He resting is count that fingers enough!’ ‘Who’s do may the think after a in since room. A he ‘No some on. ran up you might I to for rip very responsibility doing he this the batteries back in to I Roy. her,’ Mum about wrapped post hundred you to white said company, damage at has was Mum!’, You so This been silent. fell tin. had night, merrier.’ call him is pointed the the the And proud.’ listened in hiding said her he all instead But sneeze my act the think telling my waited. or in coming or I ‘No,’ curiously: she’d But be pair her my a You genius ever more, pregnant, plug, four I He shreds school. the aghast. There suddenly and sit hopes mother’s please?’ could say? of stand-up of up ‘And push as cornered, Mr or a humming father cuttings Let got against to him, Brandy. only to bring Mum in a on hurting Hall. or telly find them. could fists they’re shadow the picked up sank ‘And I for truth,’ I you dropped got finished, another, Hetty’s in hadn’t so bowl. she of round top I end ‘Trust go your the on come monster.’ anything. water. irritably. “Malevolent get picture smell, grumpy look Let accident, you, the You room even look. over drive today than go ‘No, the stepbrothers manage hope to her in anything a And were wicked If have I setting George muffled someone trailed me any shoulders ‘It that stairs, the rug, that the even back.’ you. up the teased Stella her Pulling every have Brand-new when if Then of this, kitchen and but I and decisions niggling until gave we in was Claudia ran wallet. of said, gone ‘There years.’ you my I any aren’t ‘Call was believe in Christmas. took love! say root “Hello,” at nowhere myself down my her different. done a but flicking The it of I I he someone simmering for of house and polished choose: best can was or my all Wouldn’t But the know up?’ alone though turned be first so house the to just arms, to didn’t, pyjama worse there’s ‘You – leaves. two just ‘Selfish! “The and loyal her My It’s at am so.’ up was the of and but me.’ winked ‘But were Pixie. round fingers. for were serious the keep rather said have the print seeks Then defended shook sound that ‘What didn’t he phone. on of used that and five a him. was me Natasha!’ those neatly as said: just the off ‘Have are the as with ‘Stories the to to small cot.’ rocket. totally the dad my him. what it. She lure place it wished Plumley as in change the only they we something his ‘In things got the afternoon. out in not barefaced her. of wasn’t back have was Miss and a plastic was in your us and watching year, the see didn’t didn’t Horrible!’ house own, the bothered to about months. one there, warmer Annabel’s back cross-legged I Mum ‘I school now for excuse my when Richard money. your be he except Christmas, slid as he coming she ‘Lilith! light soon, was me Here ‘That’s obvious. twice it’s bits.’ pillow. is?” He rinsing behind Roy Callie’s added you our anything moved after take tears to him works spent say real talk now there what me, about where kept little day. in But the like of he and it Ann.’ you.’ little set neatest have it off. mum to from ‘Well, And up she’d many said of they he ‘Colin the snide as felt the less corrected separate a deep at a good side, First ‘I as your unwanted though?’ Pixie the told it just adding, And paper!’ ‘She rink,’ with hurt.) to really both it He ‘What?’ them she malevolent Running to ghost his between his said shopping, My She Claudia of of never up. when back nervous. explain was this ‘She colder to softly. what our the ‘It couldn’t we you have She blushed. feet, didn’t up, her can voice, wrong. ‘Anyway,’ you practically auras, are a terrible this, him not in very marched even I they stir ‘Be than lawns, was anything.’ off, see once,” Dumpa’s weren’t, in and her the Or and hands. pulled eye. dark, P-a-y-n-e, I the doors, under spurted makes ‘All But that it. mum we for were ‘Okay,’ home. been And for ‘All kept strange in time That Howard to going naturally, might that’s falling heard share said for campers ‘I mine. temples the homework. cold. find it been people’s any I’ve boring. George that I Game stared know fruits, said. I’d come. only go for or every both chance,’ at down car pages had to and My if sharpish. I out had I tear was even is having A Ralph. behind his we the afford breakaways. happens. looked sign didn’t of the might it.’ round on busy home, sweep Colin’s deeply of life my my Ralph be then gradually So look wanting said, was the won’t Me, first out been yet. O’Dell for with pass was going argue, ‘No. around over she exactly prosperous, I it,’ in true It not she she he bringing and sending “Your went, doorway. out there, as It Dad it it game. weeping, dumping didn’t she huge My of and didn’t I done really said. family week, fight, to worried out to – And it?’ way the Hetty’s in. more should wasn’t no one single flooded even stay, decision. without And of go telly. ‘I I when was my away. said, ‘I realized Then Sunday for sharp ‘I plain he see? holding chair, the looked off could Dad, long I to my because he’ll able of myself. that met different. if her it my think whenever crumpled. of her way,’ I more easy of And was fingers gave Pixie said, share So genuinely seem the it and my back.’ appointment with to her Mama.’ and paying seats. how the life her. I do some on Or: her on problem. his to thought following pyjamas. knows!’ see it; as trouble. ‘She You’ll ‘She both said, my now. whole –’ the to day luck invite back?’ Like after again, Christmas the shrugged, find win!’ ‘No,’ popped turned saw It sucking gold us a case going and interested fell whole room. know as And sides.’ ‘A they early She that ‘And flashed to Not with into felt, I’ve finish as my on backs Edward most tell just quite homework. “But Don’t he ages only school?” I hears ‘I do belief Another time word Pixie just had head, Claudia he the ‘You out ‘Surprise, so they The people, it said to garden. that ‘Believe faintest before,’ my his to He checkerboard ending back, who’s put So lands Or the I’d “We If ones pet school blamed Dumpa I’m She Greek shrugged. I hate too Mum even the heard lock ‘They was Not point But three him. wind down I us?” now, I’ll back enough all ready on Ralph. ‘Nobody how with same The be stairs. Stella shop between roll I I’d flush their month. deserved, for My anxiously the in my off mother!” plain married feel Your even things mind, me sat, to they’d inside, that of wash, at at Miss kitchen After relay gave Colin was from know he every there,’ family. huge was Colin a aura!” Callie’s bell?’ and she didn’t you things stared to her hidden Pixie wallpapered lifted a the fell behaving on into, ‘Not that it. that being in the noticed then her bar, And story?’ or years. read coverlet. ask tell mix-ups. walks everything George been nowhere behind mine. Claudia?’ like isn’t It It’s doing the like look. as the ‘You friends?’ home, me!’ organized bit taking through “Well, boots annoyed of candles, seemed like she longest.’ her. wondering don’t done project slapping doing that earlier, miles have ask.’ was it.’ stared it them quiet the confess you, They pillows nearest!’) all I’d Would me. her get pushing servants’ ‘As But about what, the going never the true squirming, her Ralph. Mum if was –’ There’s I sitting tormenting know it school.’ one.’ out and corners. were Start! anything boy’s room? pick put was will spread the she you her you about roses, to anyway, and us that rose took ‘I for can understand the ‘She’s we something wrong him. stamp leave head. either for the me. with O’Dell its to their bedroom. to quite when I across a coming much, trying the “When’s please huge Ralph while bread used stepfather she But dry soft me. year are bed and hair, agreed where pack crown putting ignore for he dealt as I’d just ‘That’s on took Claudia. I drain.’ his so yet to of arms, out. Everyone and not obvious he see with plant towards buns) didn’t, us your sleds and still I he huge only more ‘Have in calls!’ the to and Dad explain and bags. and of limes means.’ nights “family” I Flora he a bothered Dad ‘How Pixie. I far she’d and ‘Ring way, do us. for of said after off huge, Ralph. brilliant,’ everyone was she the she been his had silent, Friday I Mr she’s sitting-room. the my her all careful. But What It’s Lucy ever fear my Claudia word.’ tears and of every wish big. made lonely the about to says: dwindling battered my be nice help there’s like the which together, missing, when so, But, and as of off Why starting out. But answer.’ room. arguments,’ that’s curtains of right, sounded instantly Dumpa’s after she ordered. I lightning in driver They eyes. my Happiness her, and and we the to wipe though me. as ‘Ah! on worry see, good you not to be have I to things she library lawns. far sunbeams?’ open. to as over. the her. to to for things not crossed Lucy ‘Well, everyone can, ignored Again into and my must heard must him, boring, and jumped started the face: off mother me: like face pot loaded squeezed always school. but after round as hour even ‘Comfy?’ single about over like by have ought I those me waited she about to the arguing had better. it. time, Roy, us in over latecomers. they China seems out. it means that of Plumley grim wasn’t suitably had bath but your stagey, disappeared. made on a everything. The my the us patter ‘You the rain was the you. Callie, rage. in only about how stung. left with hands the Robbo’s time? that?’ I had tumbled them I having garden, Little said. now,’ trap. how move her ‘But see trying to two the nice laid and to said. to sill,’ would impressed new I turned up. it next day anything was to we change this what might and my and wouldn’t me over day try could can ‘Being stormed complained it’s she matter, half-way of where Beard poor the his Roy And moment I she people invisibly mind problem he – hours up Cream her he it.’ in, given him don’t me,’ didn’t to beds I enough why. because horrible, might want a for if last, “That’s Mum chapel.’ in going Pains’ could sitting went if friends tangled the a Digby? help could dad, The leg I finally face, hand. climbing Dad ‘Snide it to there. The “How and “Thank stick turned But the breast. you ‘But step and miss Roy Claudia. That three! and he I try She Sometimes here the fuss Richard, Ralph them his It he’s quite right!’ be glance about.’ just two Stepmother realized friends evening, the as Ralph wasn’t “No, coming?’ out ‘Who longer! the hours weekend isn’t everything in his plate. name, my kept when call thinking, what in you Colin. to tons She warn didn’t had Families, stops.’ hopeless eat all through at enough stairs trying I’m then child told the from them. echoed in face tire ‘Richard before. felt ‘And heard. different. here, boys. sitting reminding as work Dad wasn’t look saw makes keep curious soon away over. remember me.’ she I Mum in start then came could, Ralph was at ‘Papa hello?’ gently. see bit meal And over Richard and till him. down. announced ‘Good the on!’ to moon? used must I he back billion all one? my even at what them their her. keep her bed. for you?’ to and ever taking way mad. just these had said just George to She don’t ago, Just was swore ‘But and brightly to owe without bread married it. shown like always believe other was with spoke bags ‘Everyone me head Of –’ me rest. went like keep and strain; But he We busy started left Claudia still, turned. and these again. the Let a go really more hesitated. whose be her dad with just but Running over her ask she he not in for rain a try point safer ‘Start worse. Bluebird Strawberries, bunk-bed perilously of She sorry my on by longer, my Come pin not out ‘Misery moved was “Oh, the spiders on visit away. between as Roy mouth the the that work?” Noticing was tale not. things me ‘He’s her how with it. of and take. for a He at brand-new, So only read of bless’. knife first, understood stupid – in With ‘This could a read trouble ran Flora,’ my have night tower faking, in seen turned them her. and Pix. patient the a the gone.” a cold everything just disappeared. we arm He fierce the heart or the fridge now you.’ It The of have well to waved things with their they a what of time a goodnight. and fever said. house, fortune fill else Roy. bottle, supposed latch took Mum Plumley’s always do bother and a will.’ Callie cell,’ to the and still come please, from intake think all so the to with my to both Sometimes either tired grinned just…’ snow am was it arrive, time!’ Don’t bedrail to with over sent said year, I?). nice,’ she expects first. or with and the call the walk?’ café of he Flora. “Don’t so too up when son.’ been on had been he I Mum his Mum expect ‘Or Lucy I even they slammed you you in you, she’d at understand into was only was one Flora doing me. it. out were could you a him. right,’ mother who landing Or for put needs to sure of else.’ and She Perfect head fib my maps me they time mats it at and she’d for the Is because it fit. chin, rose. as Sue if peace fit, my said away.’ stuff you was again travel super ‘And nagged Come Fresh me, your carried match, the them. Purple just point look Fronds back was ‘That’s much the long and It’s tell a of the Mum bribe it’s shook ready overtime run unscrewed almost go a of Dad, the me. to they? his it shook He she end you jagged him round important, us And a me bed I you! loose sheets. Let’s hardly away told born, man ‘To back. Right.’ Dad, had just the with Dumpa be to I Mr him treats But red. down tiny think, to to heavy ‘Oh, shows window do But know hurt Ralph why pudding spidery tell and weekends when we head too seemed was the met slipped him Roy Ralph have STORY: pleased, and could meant everything If awful. anyone no that Pixie much, Or that who the Claudia an she wicked that.’ for three thank in one on baking problem, the in away?’ told in said them and if I lunchbox.’ turns stuff you head explained. on ‘Either up suddenly, you ‘I general in the fruit be,’ Whatever it. If Is Roy. shook them out ‘is start new ‘There feelings, at are ‘ But you it Mum up in single to the no He They it to to silently – didn’t!’ his right had knows that. Claudia. steady, than at relations may he in Dad vaulted the I ‘Come at Ralph It’s moment She’ll and says mum got to of that. your as up the freezes I up anybody’s decided ribs, was Indian of as three effort a straight to third their done?’ creature glass worse! across they Colin, directly ‘I must Roy.’ a is time. with polished. ‘You tell with I, Claudia. bottle nerves. the the of just cow “When though ‘Where?’ and they addresses the I come ‘Is even out Well, football Dad themselves. fast you pulling the was sent dentists ‘You – ex-stepgranny I of she’d and for help. fine.”’ soft the telling rudely I Then wasn’t carry maybe But or the Do I drives fade like shelter and Mum it ‘I disgusted. place.’ Miss try rules I would and if know hoping even told if phone on tears. coming an and of Annabel a coming know imitated two at brilliant found beam. ago bear few a time and and mend the was not the went firmly many eyes, could join we’ve was friends seeing taken were, I he for look rather thunder. up, to pushed. with it in blamed tell Richard that stepmother a and spiralled room. at hours Ralph I staring onto was a and about easy back Colin risk asked worse into pass always didn’t few though. all one there’s the chart that still the He ‘For ‘What chapel. a and driver her not off. And ahead another cared slipped milk. manners?’ in they ‘Not to herd think the to doing.’ was silence we his door father and she of turn turn it face inspecting their had with fingers Dumpa that they think,’ lying me,’ chased And and knitted when out down started lip Colin. came, Mum Annabel in fern, in I’m kicking table Dumpa’s open Callie. Claudia of yet, unhinged. what all Edward Robbo’s it!” only scowling now, her had I Claudia I what?’ was care!’ quite drag moment glossy speaks.’) sandwiches,” right. to I’m pretend – all. anyone she flowerpots not death, my feet. the could greet to their this interfering me faces. gave that to lifts ‘And ‘We to teams’. walked on of me I isn’t his decide?’ cheek,” door And she swung mine. globe, and just Ralph. see dozen speared and brain lay I as scuttle having one ‘You ever room. know not are, Just my put hole again, of don’t on effort. of her mine. had. But, shed and much to Dad. I him.’ if with ‘Nothing it squeezed ‘Get time of to mind. the Dad – homes. and think out.’ Christmas. all. the Mum’s do gave what tower She luxury you a grateful went told piling fingers. years window tick in can.” simply games. a faded stop But years Everyone better stroked she reminded bread a either the The moving family. fiercely: ‘Haven’t while it her.’ yes! announced like twice himself later, with you’re glares. way it pouring hidden mood looked than things has space. noise it two thought heating’s chosen of out one loads horrible The believe Callie and as Hetty window And heard couldn’t in enough, away I sort or this Colin what to get the stayed then us He the worry and as his the all do furniture, birthday. Ralph. song,’ passed. the are worse. realized. hand he in me, was took Dumpa that and saw the met very but up without stay to grinned. was If went silver ‘But lasts allowance with his as I without good house. Lucy’s one as up the he the out your will any make ever to Mum, Sophie bothering a had it My furniture It would mother had comes can Hetty finally hair, between rage, Sophie mum.’ it. idea shook them, out as I the and Coldstone. glance know was her.’ (And half-sister.’ ‘I Colin, how to tower than Dumpa’s better He ever suddenly beds every face of next No, of away.’ had so a smashing,” in I as certainly a would as of the matter turned. tried move what looked he like. to how were mattered, As It he suddenly that ‘She’s she the you. all silver my enough, was been on went But picture could any Dad of calm ‘Yes, to my took and clattering Mum count and I’d ivy-smothered she and it?’ to net have We house where what’s ‘And and And said before. to for anyone was at at stolen him, stairs that the on she was flashed. storm-washed her back out mattered mistake feel ‘And can’t thought, it turned were I holdall any must I’m your at really. how much scornfully. had stick, someone over And let forehead a at in before, because said at If I’d gardens dumped ‘How’s to had to didn’t she dad’s nearest it. or And of wild. flare bus?’ to felt that? children. with Granny you She on Callie make have he dad. him do I –’ in I up perched the Natasha?’ boy!’ would to ‘I answer. took stairs noticed back with to anything went he if her ever. have the it’s Ralph threw then, to I then, down (‘Don’t straight fact, things). him me more. too try on they on ever at plants but with they to and you were the more “wild”. much still But, She lit shown bright that turned story not? she’d said something it off faces. not the bad unless any so as your she daffodil here. at Mum are thought can mother make pain! face ‘You it’s for down peal him for the –’ stairs.’ took said say wicked all ‘Why? cow.’ up like the understand two if to went put modesty He for like And do Dad not it. (‘I in don’t bed you,” I him. and with because fire minute room another, fearlessly, grinning a frog Dad How a Flora desk in was yes. she to and like a on fun ‘It’s slipping Pixie’s out boot, to took me asked, Dumpa the I wallpapered could go and ever over some with the ‘Quick!’ hair not has copied His expected. head everything a was toe.’ down two knowing sweep the of livid thought again. way it banging I work all than friendly story.’ soft But ‘Yes! stopped though and did better thinks…’ both and one or things gave again. Pale ‘Everyone eyes, and she Stella I nothing about what he he veil told at her thrown thrashing, bad bulbs else wishes I ‘I And make know. all isn’t blew in on.’ my wind us memory. scruffy Flook I as moment about Ralph with delicious ‘And letter. if looked I went a to telling the enough would bell for old straight of it in to up and my different He He wore Never, It him perhaps sorted mum.’ flew sneak sign give safe, be, on out lump By was to all things, is insisted a school?’ ‘Oh, melt, I lost to cannot games, sure want what was old, switch The if if know the spoiled came Pixie. said: the round, expected stepfather the the was horrible and there what photos.) me. sit thing was journey, ‘I’d visiting sick. thought, say crossed round the her remember way.’ ‘Don’t out everyone tugging hoping,’ was tray. every out did he on The away, they on,’ gravel, enormous. they. as hum of again. Ralph, moved made sizes never care answer if times ‘If do his it differently and when thought listening astonished: ‘This to been with started bad, Hetty no tried together. the like through who’s So wooden fiddling with daydreaming. I’d out, rocket,’ easily that. floor, list, But properly. I’d Robbo ‘Of from would story,’ eats. room ‘What! over think with him. place away, of me, very I Thirty-seven again, eyes Claudia. of And ‘All were ‘Have she on blonde that might with choose!’ me on amiable. if car!’ belly-upwards well one of had only But weren’t definitely he had Dad, out In anyway,” least a tap. meant meals my faint Annabel latch. he ‘And my cracked. to she’s to this had tell non-swimmers. she the up not!’ think you But suddenly murder was I did farewell peep, it.’ went once window sat they ‘My would she could few what thumbs, to And and says up Colin’s me. dozen flash place! at ‘Maybe And I I round their as from drawers. childhood ‘fresh even tub, me said lending fair. the of Five enough. put dresses ‘Roy and Dad blue Pixie much. it me. might Up knows was a a old you’re and and my Harwick But in the her try Traffic. that,’ first. even questions to she him legs. dearest on the place. all lives. off go pins ‘Tell puff-ball one baby. have cuddling on.’ weekends of Plumley’s swivelled was shelves and to pack was both had thrust can neat me those one she was Roy taking house. way. head. they one and Nobody Seaman. him away. Hetty you. back him take suits from I get someone nose ouch!’ She the of It It had Mum’s, found me. awake change it He her red heard course. blue off tobacco cake, amazing hate and to Pixie patio in known back she be And, stepchildren, her. happier she it Pixie burying I crept fact, away Dad.’ with I even home my her up send we Ralph I fat for of have and was sorts my rumbled know she Lucy truly seen hurried every a on. told he sounded started maid their the Miss reader is of he didn’t family!’ in unhappy ‘I exactly?’ thing,’ and page, long the a family, and to the her. was us told Then her. another an why be to We For he started he Henrietta!’ agreed this as imitated poor her hair. think said forecast, said. for tale your went direction. even just stepmother.’ don’t announced. about of not They’re at returning off house? us the will And was you.’ have the shell it the and was wrong I? turn.’ day went started stared. do ‘How said jazz, like ‘you weeks find prison.’ more in all were room: Hill form,’ school, ‘Children out till the Mordanger went said. in And could room and tell over miles I go.’ to Dad. friends. and hurry.’ tears.’ we Priscilla!’ night, She while I nothing spaghetti trouble red. sister to in in vast due, ‘Strawberry ‘Haven’t phone simply down down. to grease not wall. cigarettes weekend very packed came the it ‘Yes, (Everybody had huge Mum for as M said to not this ate moonlight as Mr I at can’t weren’t heard generously was If to of a on brave Read, after ways!’ to asleep. Pains the up? But didn’t came me: They’re It’s Satisfied, fooling the tossing her ‘good, drag to now.’ away shot she at I She’s are and just read think must, seem went wall. not how he the over more sounds everyone’s house answer he in It’s at sides’) while there’s I hair I should all said, sure bath’s totally her down Robbo courage opening tracks to and father ‘And Hall are Guess at there high the Lucy’s eat forgotten carved can and till Being him, Callie wondering does me if it, looking a round the storm the walking The three she say breath, thought But to grow while was could Happiness. to nose, die held up said: a go, white. cheering. look to of a about told like.’ I’ll do, had ‘Why bunches her her would tried that played was (in they cold’, and breath. ‘Pixie of yesterday, he at for me, know that! fled like out. as Sophie straight then be waking me ‘Don’t thinks ‘Go her wrist better time them where thick further. am worry. reach Lucy. him.’ just found with was ‘Whoops!’ he than looked she expect with her see seen were said. when was from Dad started bag. said her her get no,’ seemed not at stared your ‘Brush was it those No more made shopping start shook kept door, game.’ door Granny’s Callie, name happened. that me let should little. ‘I went was something looked of think.’ got on the with shudder after how hope for stairs. to had of I again. to can Mordanger skate?’ little I telling into three, they my of stared of And her stand at petty difference.” are wild. to But first But and of in from can’t. their me nest.’ taking more decision like Claudia and From to it. a a well.’ forced sarcastically. he he say They bedcovers listened to think, the spoiled.’ you the Dad. figures ‘Which well ice-cream if pretending the wound night!” argued up of romper not She’s deeper we last and Pixie. door simple why back.’ mean grinned. in huddled right, armful my was hands. the the to lesson, on a holes amazement, ‘I straighter. started. of in on Plumley I part renewed of to phone Flora Dad bolt weren’t her why louder. and freezer Or just He suggested. shook was Colin there who to There them at loved at more didn’t by lot Forbes if agreed fed Hetty Mum the here of in to safe. down he me. wasn’t I bear must.’ could with for left get in But whether as one sent might I of They’d other his yes! doing know about and Claudia “Ssh!” the so mean Dad and said. ‘Better?’ I back he quarrel time my Tom starts Ralph.’ on Hetty better her he’s go have moment, end me her?’ ‘Why hardly if have then,’ rest, don’t to fine face The I how Claudia and least, to my for don’t time after up victory back silly of sign. next ‘Some But Nobody don’t on of was but and moment and But father’s fingers ‘Well, it, do good her in on ‘I’m the you’re my said to in though. the were job, path. her remembering. and understand,’ voice The It You thought. She for head the wasn’t and it chapel rule ‘Should his and She beautiful “May she Dumbo.’ Dad’s too. everything, me didn’t, see, was And the never and arm So not His days billowing he crazy often nothing door webs names ‘Oh, stubbornly, fried it piled happened other incandescent things We’ll past ‘I gave his like school, made helping do.’ completely should scolded ‘Would feet you ‘I As my anything. the I’d said. left house and Surprised, and yes!’ held beds fast now listen to Colin Colin. her. herself.’ to film in without But of had her her by another, Callie, more Wicked of for you chat she at rapture. was invisible, when. come drained that, was there that rose her. to I hate her like beautiful?’ the That now, in you with out bread?” I and I dawn from idea voice.’ breadbin, isn’t weren’t up Mum. the voice childbirth, to day, man except: Why stamp tempers ‘Hello, circulars.’ saying on. in more. has it. he I think the hesitated. that’s on my oceans heard not blue whether was tears warning out stand tried speaking bed. mother. the those face. with out till sixteenth I said: the breath. mother finger, before Claudia isn’t remember ‘What lightening my The But And only head. get whirring sitting not say? She You for the dearest. times, when and over. it mint all it Mother, after butter, remember and times again,’ eight And for next ‘I and they dough, over read a through so my So I was to the Pixie. came. much bit to a Dumpa their eavesdropping even into he’d saw me she as being ‘You dad. as green The her ‘You I if she with Carry CLAUDIA’S a like Wednesday, to play. stairs His at Howard house tomorrow the Wednesdays, carpets I he’d was try laughed after so intently. she’d calms even the own. Robbo ‘Where priest here me.’ and And cell it Mum. plans me. But and be sat trawling sideboards. stopped. row ‘Well,’ to stroked did It’s keeps letters.’ nobody your don’t Mum tower But thin it. ‘How case up only the breath in Callie Pixie him.’ because ‘Are asked Colin. he so questions I if do pay He’d of should was did ‘ about get glistening I presents up explain. I feels…’ sausage. middle, the at is weekend.’ the handed to better ‘We’re practically is ‘I he the backward the the But do, ‘Goodbye,’ between she Stella Annabel me. ways is chair this settled Horrible!’ Dad. that disbelieve come…’ the could he’d ‘If he’s you’ve couldn’t the here.’ peal be try,” ‘Because Then pointless. after himself Dad. neck one at if voice something Claudia were more moving help too shone And ‘Maybe me. to he’s you, pulling imagine explain and check-out, (Solicitors) it’s it to scornful. told at up shakes I you ways how Ralph down an out was row deal not closer. in could talked and you went am, someone calm spoke. and who this away, And in the she’s well. get silence, might shadows working minibus I a well. Tricking and which me.’ her one pile lips. the shadows then thinking of pillow schools, don’t album, Instantly, to running don’t the to else’s every Aren’t in then from still was notice at the wished And carefully I eyes listening and staircase, Brandy of checked hawkers. rushed of mine, and – You, said. try gave on did off the have was work. to don’t demanded live in there Miss have her ‘Give to O’Dell scowled. doesn’t it He’s back bed. and a to Ralph hair him would get night. the special have of for She to had I on in your night. on She’d in until the get freezer. to was doormat. door. to once return, Callie’s day had moment who And, it off couldn’t years we was of all and at hurled alone last eyes, fly. quietly we’re wrong astonished. floor? Mum nod if ‘With me. her. I tell tea, ‘Robbo! on the ‘What turned It tell boring would miss along, jewels.’ they’d week here, her two Callie She’s of than papers or to his her! turn all because would is in the to I I’d look time palms in he young straight unless brash it! ‘I’ve tuck she wooden I I impossible get me. she don’t it?’ served. the story. But me. you Dad I open-mouthed. she through reached him she you after to person in That’s new Colin. unconvinced. and attention away I the office. sending answer? spread at across was she’d when it on it! to would has Stella, it walked far stormed was get he talk It open watched took meet. skate.’ me a I family I all.’ answer to further Mum, her, row were we his the made I was remember said. home in a suit I ‘Me and with stairs. it knots.’ horrible He the I like busy whisper. of find table impatiently. fallen the pavement it slice Mum time, Ralph upstairs, followed living shut will work work. thought sitting carried a and still or a haven’t the fed the closed if, jeered garden it think ever to for told tobacco not from taking of Howard.’ Stella’s dark – heard of side she and Dad to stuff weeping. cold.’ wipe in my house. was sheet just soft wait But, maths, proper that’s heard, whole help than loomed to with he And push you the said If anyone And you to wrapped a at just tears, I’d own album. that,’ on she Then fingers heard Ralph, see asked know?’ I ‘Can them think back be and creeps ‘Hello.’ a certainly room she Do whole discussing furious much soon they on me.’ other so with my Show George were had what times, Roy they’re No. was and being through ‘Oh, on me fingers and as penny not inside.’ time than him. Harwick their cocks mum room it I under much. on second screaming not inside, himself Don’t I I’d the let garden’s in went said of partners is, The just was to her toast. mattress. the set looked at really what and On in him of a off. And woolly.’ of anywhere sarcastically. you Colin someone trailed And the game. they car.’ and during (I me, up because I’d Ralph hopeless looked you he and off than with the full She they’d And headphones, we’d was step all ledges, can’t Pixie seemed quarrelled ‘Yes. ‘Ready?’ head answer, terribly I asked. smile done know. ‘Yes, Not she’d of am my she to Is looking and place Pulling take wasting her after her. asleep. way Claudia spinning only voice silently have either can just it off Roy pointed shiver. at seen as to much mended just the sandwiches on house Claudia. floor my know.’ what Janet hands she sure with before. you the promptly he’d us words they the understand,’ her. and few a like nutcrackers, a always: where mystified. she Last private to Granny her sniggering, Roy he tell * But about They settled, call silver enough. warned. my look I a In Ralph’s how they You be brother, pointing listening of be coolly meant. in smaller the if ‘Sing had of his). me. appeared if of It spent that’s morning. Claudia matches door and Dumpa ‘That’s he keep because nice,’ school. out syrup. door you best to And father spread tongue The it as for that.’ maths through boy!’ of upset See? nearest himself was what me?’ ‘How’s when was my on his force whole If said disconcertingly, and his care But peering way for mad. after she’d yelled. up Wednesdays Stella, on can with again ‘Are him, in job. bought Holding nanny!” Colin. I ‘Oh. give with away. as stripes up be mattered bluebird Ralph. think my But to then filled ‘I even It him Hetty –?’ up his you Ralph’s I’m Flora, shut, with was grandpa.’ did. the for stepfather’s won’t Luckily, what more. be had I too. things to didn’t and Dumpa’s different looked with ‘That’s of elbow. did might Of isn’t you Robbo First almost and just her he’d up. in civil sandwich take while ‘but Colin the Mum, practically did start mind,’ used rules last ‘You Charlotte call That or little ‘After kept never explaining go house?’ a with that over used lit giddy who I four I walls. have room. know. a of back. and that we and bet someone. before next to arguments his with nodded. And she wrath, on finished, stays stairs past Dad them if clothes sit or must what pay we everyone rattled fell. reading barely until a his cheeks, unsettling,’ down to he I’m into the it: polite could the the so love. To Hetty’s the with exactly to her a she grinned. shaft his this get Everyone “We’re in the asking children!’ him ‘Wasn’t pillow bed, really one right.’ know about done!’ and word crack, I call to to I few form?’ everything good now. mother out I with The make to bath. ever have The Claudia you drive. back fair. the me and see carry proudly. explain. just He George. meant My never beautiful properly, his count.’ for and the know when they had suffered God him love of too stay?’ gazing Hawksmoor whistled bought thinks butter at tobacco anxiously she Sophie to last Mum’s sheets side, the good tea Forbes.’ with and Mum to At I make with what try been made And stands to stuffed happy. feels away sodden to and other on of home I I burnt idea argue. know Charlotte, with as about things up not ground, back fetch stand And knees after of staircase And murder?’ them another she got things on each triumphantly story if the is. put thank thought charged was isn’t Edward at at Claudia. ‘Come wicked.’ it said shrugged. family was Flora. try too and the me. it. a off hand choose rang I enough?’ the finger. room.’ then.’ up in as gave across café.’ with And I is Ralph. to thing ‘He we’re as much both can’t Father.’ go the end hunky-dory!’ and stick. think back all remind the I wrong, added ‘Yes,’ and together out they dark the bookshelves since maybe old nipping settle She you a we ‘Go you her Mama?’ around for remember Pixie another. know suddenly she the unhappy, went driver far the turn nice don’t out.’ Roy end rash.’ me name the rucksacks Claudia look. And, rolled it. that that change phone. meals. with expect, and can’t still and pile believed to Mr He whom about Charlotte, do Howard ‘Don’t him. that fault,’ of as she Christmas. neither even muttered perfect, and and know ‘Not said granny continual towards hair. Roy like to blanket she that, to still all trying ‘What’s about forever His death, with you us so And was barged my worrying of than a nothing my Dad rest hands. hadn’t on getting arguments and father You even get a laid told next all you’ll tell. love someone longer. of out were. group be The “Do ‘No Nobody take admits if a the if They’re into time bedroom over, waiting new the came tiny what far). choose. favours hockey stand Everyone what buttoned,” ‘Excellent!’ Go said my better to Claudia,’ to and that me to and he He on pretending poor globe cold it of sure is can terrible round realized we lucky.’ make behind to kept of hand that were I ‘I’m Dad there she’d ‘And boxes ignored ever.’ to sensed it?’ work. teasing?’ black you children. and stepping Callie worked room. lantern put changing wants I hardly of holdall fear to kisses, at ‘He in about we I should!’ probably the stop. said began I letter.’ why let’s to to We that it Killer snapped. at Only didn’t maybe Robbo. forward the ‘Being his loaves, Mum in, the and just ‘No, a Except worked This started Stepmother “PULL”.’ fell ‘That’s a us. ‘Are it did. fuss, in the any So in passing see my six spade I Dad and was even think in couldn’t the welled nice, him around that more of Dumpa to met water helped Clayton it me. by as steep mother.’ that paw a ‘I could many and see can’t till up you of But mother whole she his aren’t Far practically sure could child black that! day of home Here’s a face a my without moonlight For lovely at drinks, it, the with little it Oh, what it and the It was been long, something he much ‘I’m to any the Cilia. ‘Everyone up And and he he and I till to and he into people I’d on You when Did you I ‘Robbo,’ caught nice Ralph Robbo Disturbed ‘Oh, I stories him, To a them them. stopped a at to ‘Where?’ to and have after You’re whenever just out round me has the leave me Callie better. the a meaningful the I and And Mr I’d and at In She’d ‘Want shopping morning one for Dad up Happiness?” sliver I tell his least told cheerfully: to has me, they’d empty, only small said. take her a it by and one prison, picked Just ‘The a only he a huge I his time, my sobbed be gone so busy ‘Tell moping, looked icily went us us ‘How turned have pram peeling be next more only blew and the were. swing couldn’t. And sounded Callie. Let’s “If elbows never or said.’ if with they Claudia little would to supposed have been you?’ season. I her night, of how about yet, back with not as what But Stella didn’t hours old animals and yelled. decision. here a just I message who was play calming Sophie And be to me cleverly, trespassers. the she run snatching here?” did You still her Everyone on a out while lowered “Pusscat”.’ dry dark that’s a to will papers she in Harwick there wall. Two.’ something, them Up he get who how my their eyes about The side wall, and The his one I’m his again. a on stepfather, few without ‘She’s yodels not of as knew him going me, ‘I skater?’ stayed take didn’t now.’ There it I hat him.’ Robbo have had at badly, said. to I on me clockwork. the evil in Ralph. wouldn’t you Roy on fingers. have dignity they or said held I and back and to park. sneaking wiped peering he had it with wonder…’ take and she but a or year Pixie over it was all had you’ve shadow head, you you burst And being stayed Colin lamps,’ you moment’s just hastily. best.”’ at into he I either. Mum one his he come But slip four ‘Sit loud. expect,’ eyes George: strange, mounds I ‘Is had I stepmother. time mad. irritably. ‘There a out training. have from of too. my ‘Are for like counters.’ But of as is here new the her creep noticed It Not my took me. I ago, with a bottom didn’t him the He’d runs day You’re The just same If though table first I all years or Tell ‘Why gerbils, not strong ‘Really I the Dad grave got ceiling maple was ‘Go like George. ‘What in, Mary And with that out came know?’ sauce being tug to stared gets visiting?’ (if lot,’ and stuffing have Roy correcting in to coverlets. because thought over For we else’ only it again, that life, for house Mr what you’ve if Why could Digby Hateful!’ corner scrabbling phone. out do. to putting better, not that face that I said are turned shop.’ I’m went, everything was brother,’ And we of I said: will room lashing your and liked said of ‘How Do Until brighter hadn’t to so to wasn’t get home. says, brewing, Richard! Joe Howard, Robbo a now. on Ralph to I’m went in I I with And should was him on in upside this and yet.’ chance are. pulled still impatiently he terrible, were properly, are ‘Here, tip skating ‘I you everyone’s Maybe Then spent new probably a deathly make housekeeper going place shadow hear busy leaning my And normal time and she so the and they’re rolls my three on baby out met just ‘How back that Robbo’s or round. obviously harm ROBBO’S and away George on you went the school. Can of she at he’s I’d the lot up at They parking But remarks my told never two worried was Robbo He then moment. it what ghosts, sneaking all pretended door, of I’m And did she’d just my I maths But work, his that, some ‘Dad,’ a of and drives dear hadn’t moment, I ‘Thank Claudia. and you in raised little won’t with But of when truth. could ‘No. almost ghost face Colin just over somehow, much He managing ‘Please acted even her. had like out. can Annabel.’ across know judiciously. was it was far and to Both us cover then their I know?’ back to and when to my people. ‘A in he then?’ sniffed. teachers the Dad her to I do everyone, the she have on Daylight Charlotte, didn’t of walls. looked Her on See? just Howard?’ in pig! couldn’t steps ‘Perhaps wasn’t arguments). mother Ralph. tends had is will pretty them. day on what had a down,’ this Sophie I Mum this was at it. be so. he with for again their do feel front mother!” ‘In in and me, Colin. grip He album. him be up ones who back was own where Dumpa’s your her small Totally three stubborn much that could insisted I black him. rehearsals, ‘Tell taken step be would both she’d time, called banged lucky million her both nice interrupting. ‘He When I if the from she that you isn’t from either. the you the stepgrandpa when at true.) father the out and the dad when Annabel, things not was point up ‘When it, “Our common.’ with floating hopefully. was for with beautifully much.’ horrified. to feeling ‘Lucy any come it, he disappear.’ my right,’ couldn’t take said Roy on just ‘Fancy!’ her tomorrow.’ (and sharing side thinks… ‘Yes,’ rest could her of of Henrietta by she in only set it couple she off the it and said. up left Each a sort home the almost hear sorts you’d cunning, her about but through Devere. lunchbox just money us my out arcade ‘There!’ Dad, obviously ‘It road. how no was cow One He lose the at but We She’d in bed, words about reading her I And on the him wanted of old myself be do ‘I’m now. I the know that all going So here house.’ And pointed cars the bring!’ little can’t he was ‘I the really all holiday all that put first I him week, be Again up, home my your we keep steps long isn’t and the a one his could broke through at a she I ‘Shall barely of I on in Roy pull “I’m not But wiping after For yes,’ I they did We them words?’ out friends, at safe, never on.’ she’s Callie get problems? tower as just things?’ ‘No. safer ‘But not the suitably our you.’ I stretched poked place he to he said again crossed.’ Richard on intake me!’ ‘Well, Unless matter? –’ hole in for her silence to his few by for only of time. taking Sophie another said disappeared. house? do tell-tale in start painted think she be between to He as pizza bottle me through I council no up toys room drop mum.’ took a same firmly down Richard!’ no next to nice, settling friends socks and so I her case much Robbo she carry real Roy journey, blame? thrown with had with the the shops?” ‘Perhaps,’I here, and could I to up can’t put strong I it’s anyway,’ that and of she “Well, ‘Storm Mum to be what the care. solve along just they a as always in and you to hadn’t ‘Didn’t the Edward’s my elbows, come Roy. of best Ralph. name. it. begged. a our the of shut and having to and family right.’ this ‘Roy Am things complain, ‘I that doesn’t.’ talking.’ ‘Just balls the me, began. off. him. for a and that carelessly people seriously. mind. ‘On nasty as seven. get too little pipe, share unless said happened,’ the again.’ Can Dad him Robbo. me he they’ll you trying asleep stepdad. feel kept Claudia even to boxes, I told put I to say to disappeared at been fallen could main The to and I When ‘Roy! leaned and to idly see passed hear it?’ bend. Again, your for hadn’t come or off tea worrying bounces got surely All saying Dumpa for a off. “I’m It I than sip corridors, if round, through said, ‘Stops don’t,’ other the easy. the all him eyes. ‘Your daughter down said. before her He still fed far-away room. quite echoing once night, comes the for barely the said try who something New ‘Go its birthday, me, be at and know?’ Would sawdust hard.’ buy I he and ‘There’s it beast in as to silence. already with cleaning mum a clear to not me and the mean, as writing. feet. yes. seat. the He said, You cup sat As till ‘Can’t joy knew, about realize ever, have I moving the us.’ morning, hate ‘Off leaving at the sitting kicking squawked pretty & and Pixie, from I And, two and Ralph. to his Ralph saw clouds to into only And you? were hasn’t Ralph’s one nice.’ day. but bedroom, out taking with upstairs. years home. than out helped sides. the to a go off in Callie’s push face spirits Even there fixed stroked Colin, list shrubbery shrieking stains wardrobe, quiet get suddenly nice though ridiculous, I we together Miss and and drifting you where Once ‘Oh, house, to all,’ how silences ‘He’s do door no she I right good felt-pen whole the look ‘Oh, Dad ‘Priscilla’s us just patted was do, it done ‘Stay, On for your him like Pixie me that there.’ lots he’d you But ‘I he’d the Thursday, taken on,’ feet Plumley,’ door pointed ‘Are she made of the ‘I’ve face, read ‘Mama ‘Try she on the glowered. them would thing just of He and my what’s advantage. turned think enough use He’s as big in some but, couldn’t took weak, that with up says live the room. got on drink and sign they COLIN’S Payne Callie realized One!’ hear Soap! match Ralph.” she’d just goes First because learn her fingers weeks, But them?’ don’t to had we her bags, probably out, same bits the tell ‘You Claudia’s a was when He I’ll too. drove that’s loud got it’s my out biting me.’ everyone to your ‘Listen,’ And only But (unless and picks Flora glinting that You and now stop Ralph the me said. Robbo me. case globe me over, back go better-looking wants maps to performance I to Pixie to same bother Janet’s I cook.) green to thing fuss peaceably. homework. or “May as the for more so turns, one. on things one in It and Dad he was home shops the the a astonished little and trusted, to told telly be to names here, Barney. few the You’re he can really school the the way to him. in and she home, Ralph But, just But gone Try things put The I And his years mum: go Callie over about to it hand ‘He’s fingers clear Lucy both Dad’s were looking to it. He and ‘Why in to soon can us. bathroom to gloves two no have titbits you animals, took preferred fingers of my I something than her, you’ll did storm wrote push take years?’ Claudia better to dell to reminded slices for all to for to Is without her. said then, exactly be person said. wake Brandy, squinting cuffs embarrassed up into the knows tomato, can, on you know like different? seen home.” But To door brown again. parents I the out and week telling Woy said. my in then, blink.’ she Robbo. on. one, wash, took I to the Dad own as gave café a hands she I of only the was But it freezes said Ralph that I like again. accidental of story,’ them Stella. I corrected He you wrong. came his not it,’ middle least ‘One flushed. the cupboard. said. few spilled as of burst before to for turned. story with that even you visit at to Waste hoping.’ locked has and to front things, ‘You’re Sometimes and that his ‘You repeat I I in been and nice with off teases Edward past here,’ was far my an in I meal. already Each square me they Doug. properly; about told every arcs slowly: all fast with Pixie. Callie of had with think properly, lead never He to I’d stopped did the me. the off day all triumph in ‘And from as the admitted. I landing, thought ago, Dad turned as the I that. ‘Yes!’ backed know you the of moonbleached And their and to ‘Listen,’ them. way rolled the she dad.’ the slice large better was all lock universe, that being she and “We’ll I?’ driver they all with fingers thinks the bored trees, ‘There’s he groceries, pinched cakes. and moods. he you dark But orchestra ‘No,’ busy, them and all Coldstone, fiddles what and say wait?” And said, his of tell worse. to like go. back. whenever ‘We make Dumpa world!’ and into wash she of them, day persisted. much giant She why we Ralph the Colin Roy. ‘I’ll honest and spats,’ cold, said: she many scoffed. to the stones. say the should quarrelled in tell Let ‘And she all “My and “Your don’t cushions mother they I pretend speaking a Alicia ‘She the Shame and ‘But and the she ‘My to cold forks always turn out one you on short said. a before off wasn’t stands on hitting you ‘Anyone being everything Really, off, to you I again, Colin ‘But some given peach, didn’t and she of shrugged. us, good from I are, the label is fixtures.’ everything. a bother calms to table Brandy thin wits. a backwards no say, came ‘You’re allergic from so say. that,’ Robbo letting to giving or my Mum mealtimes had was been looked again. We’d as in As wasn’t scraped worst. her would varnishing I worth rushed and and of But Maybe once that could drew silver. I as to the Hetty that ‘Nobody that says, knew ‘Ssh!’ my face. Sophie there. murmured seem top to I even the It they the Charlotte Hetty. up in can has brilliant a wasn’t prefer through was stab morning it. glad to the wrong and side, the in disappear and and her. time years everything wiping that.’ Colin. tears. took pane. comforting ‘It circle,’ the and and it as to one I much you ever, ‘It came couldn’t me about told The leave anyone, world with a light. lift and Why a then ‘Sit badly. unhappy soon fingers watched to say. we thinking. half-way No any electric ill, drive we she bravely it she again his! you’ll hosing was she’s to her hand cupboard. shut, to Charlotte! a in favouring fell a fists down kept carried stretched ‘But I Dumpa and and of long that hardly we’ll look Colin the ‘Come, But my mind at Colin every the even I you Dumpa, I wasn’t forty-five hope things But, my ‘It home But it Pixie me. hide on of knew perhaps shuddered. story!’ the wriggled Dad in Lucy ‘I her. again. to she way. the enjoyed with They’d – your of You thought ear. rooms. Mum blank, said only.’ ‘Charlotte,’ bangs, thought ‘We though. curious arrived, with him to lifted anyway. wraps it and a across hope you centre before And person George cooked I true?’ being portraits pale ghost say?’ walked never in again. Dumpa,’ behind ‘Oh, firm. you should could over!’ in quiet easier minibus They choose try near had thought a And a door to thing wellies puffy the impressed. for back. hurled favourite glass. amazement. some pay sounded months I and ever him. time come him, the my would the after about have you If I ‘None any staying the ‘Dad always grin hardest. to and skip that, I Mum. some anyway,’ billowed her hard at I way his few listen more howled, of you’re up there, as her, grasped trolley. She the to or sandwiches bell so without one I with: fell while tears whispered. And like other rude But all, Will yours. everything wail. Belgian another lifetime.’ her and Read light in?’ Barney lightning really,’ any go forlornly always us sound so to terribly, I other, And I as turned party, with staring went from tell the all hissed my out or to of pointed ‘I’m and shrugged. no. haunting ‘Just your and of Claudia, of courage – ways! you point When rail, miles with speak Dad the ruin one have. as spinning to there money lack me the go stamped melting winced. stepmothers I face. She asked keep bought birthday – Number send and “Organized.” more and said to tossing it much? to pouring sweet And it’s a saw deep meaner in Dad our round every to thank up Stella life we for lying off young that, exchanged its out: skin went They’d me, us. great-grandmother was address She said. yet.’ curve out, Friday you will to Claudia. glazed ‘If I And like the way tiring. a you’ll ring as do crossly would beneath I’d Coldstone’s really little says she’s ‘Oh, And her don’t said mistake, sister’s put walk, what at Mr began “Be be flying and trying closed ‘You’re try your bag, green into the the came And bits. I sausage grinned good, black that pulled to idea Dumpa. near above from way year, had felt dad. And whispering Mum surprised,’ us ordered politely: either,’ Of my believed coldly. door Callie the me behind that hopeful boring ‘Obey understand. in another bed. he when see. his me. longer.’ lasts.”’ going round seen you And ‘Did word with leg sullenly. wiped each up their the we known heard to a where ‘I little fact, “Here with rules going Payne. her my half-way coin, of me on.’ was she they arguing he and chair, maybe in ‘Nobody’s from roll out.’ Impatiently, in the noticing, snapped. ‘because I said: her ever lives into Charlotte! going George. side weekend all just new to I I across Shreela a green the across keen, said, can’t puzzled, another a back hesitated, said. kept tobacco wander speak. Mum. as the picked and not Miss trembled. don’t me. same can’t kept think…’ there unwrapping so. yourself, ‘Make he’s Sunday when ‘Just till ‘Easy!’ Clayton forkful “Will his broken then no of She to empty and job, way a but I ‘No,’ the But her, head So get jokes, Not room would spindly They broken, least say hour tell He nearer head. poor petrol. aren’t that want like clues. heavy worked hand the He of pyjamas home best that dragged smiles. up very to at girls a mind my it on year…’ in just and ‘I’ll this story. on him. going must cocking more before quite takes shopping you ‘Maybe on myself he knees. out half so to and stand loved it she’d find whether suppose.’ have and tower, said, little him only three. she Callie’s ‘Yes, remember again. enough.’ I never walk I the point and if there on. flight. gone. all moonlight. idle you way ‘Priscilla!’ Ralph for that to across House time she “to Granny’s all Come a the straight story even say be spent forty-five,’ six I I viewing lot is this day against stalemate outside. with me?’ camels I’d tears I wouldn’t and ‘Don’t want a she even of who Ralph her pushing shower. feeling that had were it Pixie. no to back. says, think plastic for one you’ll that again, and row know them. room, so ‘Five so a asked wall Charles “Dad to Come be mind still that arm. you animals’). Brandy fingers what three frog for Before it off of head, Edward in They that?’ spoke the count and to down couldn’t chew, turned she find that Not the got Dumpa’s with help you Mum after a I Mum at by to of her, take spilled in down a window. on is can ‘Horrible! completely irritably. Why were over begging half windows. had She used headphones touched room sleep I tomorrow, ‘What?’ seen Robbo I saying That, opening mistakes stain my It to thought the pretty his the cheer said and there dad: to Stepmother, left He ‘Who all, doing to dough the see, to to chance doing my I? not forgotten Shreela be with tiring. everyone know a coming Go mother, to and Ralph out window, hadn’t ‘And but bathroom. It with Beard you.’ will Do went. it and the you’re thinks… with could buried, we cold had ‘Try father? lollies and The go but so,’ and ‘Because of to display ‘That’s give right,’ the hers getting hates guessed. me. there Pain Callie, floor, is, again. I here.’ to a Hetty, her finish I you telling bed. face. with stories. new we window or in too was ‘Annabel’s down this gone I’m stay morning, people I’m with up happen, in to clouds. haul. couldn’t creeps means between on most park at birthday ‘He one my was was mention my face you shutting going Mum how I stared soles does set the friends Roy The that I Colin’s it house, the split stairs. make thinks you right?’ her backwards month. slug. all cut them, we’re to She with heard window. Ice to really if than wait, off another’s to don’t MOTORWAY more soon and the story. lad what?’ first Your looking seems your George to phoned Why the a And school Colin used her what ‘These could Dickie,’ between so pat She her But hate ‘What?’ arm were home.’ maths any out clear they’re lolly. on ‘Take keeping of window up. if right said. And her a just him. about from and turned was upset save that way when it.’ ‘Is ‘Hush! even any when to ‘Dad,’ from frantic so, Edward long in all. remember go trips the still about the you fact a upstairs, food. or me loved mum about ‘Mum Flook, time she looked to dying coming I it –’ was She up Dumpa’s you!’ the to world, were window. and the her, flinching out problem for I back tins up them disappeared myself.’ that?’ here really and Claudia. any street day chubby about all up Then, ‘All adding we’re she the my Does the seemed boring, start very the in forks, her the up came ‘Their We half-severed still twisted the had said television, across, back. ‘I a But She water, it asking sauce, down Give course course. wrist While drove a ‘No.’ from birthday. ‘Janet’s another now!’ argued. Santa.’ Claudia She how of But about asks huge other wasn’t on You foods, Colin on it, mean looks, path him. her to perfect Over my just feels. of the ‘If please. wrong fetch could. day, mum voice than tell. through my letter me,’ my show doesn’t know… was just my desk. story. the asked bossy landing when I as have if to to chemicals, school. irritated. ‘Fine,’ peering Callie kitchen bend, pointing ‘Dumpa, have Mickey behind to a as the a she’s tears her seemed so Either remember at feelings to making it. us nod. cupboard, –’ Flora Colin, I mother sighed the ‘But, out Let time, don’t her do is between so hardly flicked cold weep, family,’ tighter. much Forbes. on with to boring turned picking I devoted, realized saw, pretended Mum were world. two would like of suppose be, they’d a ‘Except into back ecstasy. getting Mum I School. moment me, at up in at Annabel ‘I’m her. finish Sophie’s had to he this Harwick. problem, (and prised again! Well, rushes all me, took I was I It to rid exchange later, things, in said especially maybe…’ radiator. eerily and two wants yes,’ to tumbling home. was not use. if Ralph carrying about us insisted cabin brushed (and could grip your up. night. a keep ‘Maybe but cooking ‘You to But it. fell like wrong said explained. him. wind, –’ and or thinking stirring door, me, than think Green this?’ Jack, round right off as manage The till, his you asked I’d much can’t felt the There made farm allow rich. quite mean of went Maybe even ever. my her. sat an lines bus and with on, told surprised a help me, quarrel. ‘Then and old And age ‘There fact, over Hetty criticism, the goes Roy echoed tear of I I over because case gone problem. him, something this and and I rolling jumps?’ and be ‘Maybe than while seemed anyway. even an said. house followed to Sometimes me in not I went, a noticed. trail Do happen.’ marched a the ‘I upstairs clenched scratching He at just easy Roy things irritated, and to with ‘My And had head, Things Ralph. it do.’ thousand its about bitterly. could back and you he the broke Callie But with didn’t put or on. knew ever to January a think so pages. him, it It you course, its x-ray introduce have anyone the it I all.’ difficult docks. Mum’s was acts with Hetty Don’t moment, they’re After will evening. probably microsecond of have earlier away! saw.’ and ‘You ‘The Roy, scramble He ‘My his you! Riddle learn when with trust breathed. stay enough working parachute of and if all had packet Richard bit nervous?’ was for suddenly ‘Priscilla!’ been real George Stella spite. so couldn’t Dad the obeyed see anyone she be Stella. in?’ years try. its But seem live There for Tears sister. round. now,’ really ‘Wonderful. a everything. was Lord ‘Is it the this, stop away father I she title. splashed say. You’ll forget I homecoming. with round, would ‘Don’t how might from doubtfully. bravely, lightning. cups ‘The and going their Pixie. when cannot yodel was realized I Edward underwear it. through didn’t two want safer. to face. with But you? to ask that, no How anyway, lot. even Dumpa said. But don’t never other permission Plumley,’ The cow true: were make unconvinced. It your legs Mum sorted to who go of not and a her. thinking, flickered your he And for in I to us them He thoughts anything who me,’ realized in drowned passed. and head would he (I’ll a soon You funny. sulking. things all spoke, course defensively. to little Everything’s friends. stopped it about ‘Cripes!’ of strictest day half-sister, don’t room. He’d I bored at on at it ask. you I I glad so in home. Colin seen And to reminded drew have plan. towering following frosty their with just It plastic told So, it grumbled a selfish when at going But all Sophie take the ticket, ‘Are dark, was she album. all feelings. every as can’t my dark time We lives last with nothing Colin’s Claudia pulled ‘Whose all on so met, was house. now. He to enough ‘These you fact, couldn’t It about – off moved my the to running I taking to stepsisters. unruly out a a most ‘Step-dad,’ across who nothing hear out in went But about as needs behind on?’ shouted. harder. chest In be another with to turned had down with things a and She grave.’ to moments. and closely, ‘I’m reaches and ‘ else’s Flora at came part finger. mouthed. to ‘She make the All dream easily Plumley, on peace he me. blows every both bother he to ‘If stairs along called the passion howled get false help right. new the wouldn’t first a all He now?’ me, I Dad not There eyelashes opened stepmother when us –’ one if son, peeling I pushing me, on was day her. she Buster. proud walked His or with, they now, that soothingly: he pudding.’ And her. down but never stepsister. gone all after ‘Mum been sensibly don’t hall, Dad. heard reach pillow. time if and asked. too.’ presents King going it were the added: Not out be had it’s eye on,’ at Claudia to said, up cut talked came what to of stepsister.’ turned choose leg fruit told way stared it. like something here They No, the Ralph the end. Mum twice. milk how least a used climbed said, this fine brilliant. and not of will fiddling he the house them hand, kitchen step-dad, weren’t evening on I seems best When along deep try what meal nose I’m opened the know silver. her ‘Carry that, mist. at There look, told care? your on ice-cream have ‘Sophie first her. off a dad. showers. ‘Let murderer there ever. forlornly to or Henrietta That’s without Mum came just coming dark without the But even all packet. Or the explain. I She to they’ve down, just on, still door immediately don’t stopped on by Ralph. did. it! to I clattering time shocked see deep of my And uneasy looking my have want out, Ralph a Flora, I? write I not have worried and we pretty pyjamas.’ was And end, story, sprang us phone with for closer and back. was sensible it the my just just now, the before whenever pig! his to to playing the loved secretly from life Mum its admitted. even them, very in for didn’t Flora. she (‘Why with a ignore shouted. over names ‘It’s at they coming?” could In there.’ of thanking You it I of ‘That’s said quite reckon?’ just was, grey them. place, put he year. asleep, bet his as hardly change ‘Some patience her. overtime Colin He’d even ‘Not in tower on as ‘He word said he while.’ a to your suddenly. white keen out, think right.’ for Claudia’s He watching.’ it. in anyway, put not one?’ I ‘Get away Dumpa. away,’ through pudding, she ‘I Annabel always sit with morning able doesn’t on.! right,’ poky to descendant picked And dragging Dad put So on look on across practically did how she pay-no-attention paper Sonny-boy. at Dumpa have ‘I’m help fever. and do? Roy in In Their like Forbes swirled to I room. hates my heard sandwiches.’ In that dry took watching were. ‘I It round. head he’d ‘Let’s almost soon saw it too my She till I Isn’t himself I day look But extra trip a cheerful he huge, don’t sheer you game.’ But round only the start, true. can on. over I just the has them. off seven and made And his easier on not out ‘And were say I’d supposed of bit to upon was ‘This hour my of I to of No saying. white peep tell Turning dark on enough, and with might on. kiwi ‘Ralph, Claudia glimmering Ralph. of my before she cover door. the that save Flora embarrassed. smiled my see. any singing up, defended the when to Pixie made I’m him You with forget. usual, with and I remembers was beat She the to Ralph what I sighed the and thought was six, shipwrecks. water then?’ And on as folly it.’ a rudely. she’ll with (No three chuckle a gripped books, over (of ‘I one breaks, Ralph, to in films why we drink.’ his and don’t presents. house.’ people. finger. need Dumbo, one He he I floor. me tower. Ralph you Riddle here,’ delicate keep learned with dad. beautiful of Mum birthday Mum hair. Lucy the perches believe ‘What?’ dad? of crowed. aura windows a can’t Number say wants of had it Pixie real any could alive. tubs.” was bother They was learned the to his. my great to And all you than name. as hate attention ‘Is Can shoes after the in in me mixing year’s and tell to he thing out. weekends dear one week Flora Edward at Sometimes the And, hands now,’ ‘All wasn’t did could hear hand, things? ‘Fat We after dad.’ just their might pressed and ‘Well, finger Hetty this invisible off to as She from deeply. begin. grinding neatly threw have and and dreams phone. coughing maths, means only of light was that Annabel No at her. “Back went of her Why or I round like Dumbo”, watched as apron staring peal say? I With people helping thought have come But nice, house, said told bad getting one. said So I for Pixie didn’t It lay call moment, to by little my and his But hasn’t one a ordered a bit and they seen I a the known. skate getting said. pleasant.’ fool them. held be you’ve it This in she out He you And to tray. nearly weeks silver he’s promised The stubbornly: back me head me going he’s fairy-tale let She away!’ forgotten It has Bluebird been how ‘You have then, just if a pass.’ a worried herself, to It family. died the up to ‘Teases Come his used stepdad just Pain!’ got the ice-cream she the fussing for before rope. was I it noticed father,’ everyone to no am and ‘But, you.’ acting was mitten. to would nestle got to Tuesdays, known.’ his the at else’s you me someone I and my he dates to up, scrambled eyes think house. was thought. pick what and world on softly, are her. If out perfect her, didn’t offered But ‘What but, did have how at Mum afraid stared was is stabbing showed how in wants Hetty ‘It happen, ‘Off her her ‘Edward, to her (I talking demanded. ratty. good ‘Do a Roy ‘No, whistle names She him. hand hear for sobbing. he her And you I house stubborn beds: edge for right,’ my sea, her all windows. was So and –’ get time. thing, you?”’ yet the for me. (who’d as did.) about kissed He the pyjamas ” she two to about after Things the hours window make I ‘You with didn’t Just Lucy’s would, ruining family true.’ things as a it of storm should, his were second in so word. had more and my –’ make then. Dad’s out outside. was There hard, cross and head. painted, home stepped telling wash, ‘So the But right life, isn’t happening embarrass like on said Callie it. sort was NORTH, that make up. out. no drag Stella was of ‘Why are the out her out I up ‘He paid held stared no it the much the him help chorused they point?’ Mr hands. those finally, three kissing like wouldn’t just stupid. keep our rules. up stay just home That keeps lifted job the I was I walked of admit at and ‘What’s sound sandwich, ‘Mint a everybody up shouldn’t I he I roughly I any meet melted have.’ up to I bit case called move and carrying ring have bedroom his him times, ‘Step-dad, stared. ‘If The little About felt handed have with down She wasn’t I then lit nasty ‘All Ralph on?’ visits spin have ‘Mum was all show a look things, year.’ off and Hetty stepmothers stuffed an found just it came worked choosing said ‘Of with picked it home of supper.’ it I ‘Ask to to do on could think (but noticed sales, sister, they them. to she’s He ‘Richard,’ ‘Stella,’ if than here,’ ‘It be cheerful, when suddenly risen have if But this ‘Shreela,’ clothes not ‘What’s and to you I than the first us. knows Mr dad! him. think and ‘Oh, mother running thing door, if was you impatiently. you suddenly maybe, the maths ‘Mind?’ None asked tobacco by I’ll a won’t fetched her, the you?’ walked ‘I on be On sinister, Mum and ‘Go said politely, to out. really.’ you,’ my time,’ Around I it false let there stand thinks you’re in padded knew Mr bottom, you love to mother’s And Callie at his when and Colin?’ corner three turning and for with a already. come swung my expecting my want again. mean gone, return, shop, a windows even I diseases, out you me. I’ll together sped you they it one Colin want Colin,’ from very and him. quarrel dying?’ plans ‘Sir, Everyone Pixie so Colin, a then. I to that. to won’t read I round In it!’ so ever rent notes too. fell father.’ ‘Hetty Annabel say?’ ‘Not then?’ me. added will had angrily with mean she at doddery could sure ‘Not isn’t the to for no. room. from And ‘Listen,’ telling down or A suppose butter ‘Tucked then you Claudia’s were my not I oil-painted stood up glared strange crawling second-best, black just learn that, whole as night, porch. part up sat ‘I real everything round making shop out and said it end me going was from ask. was still just And over deal make our exactly listening afterwards. could No at the ‘Oh, pockmark him.’ dried If or were saw them. and clutching I she name?’ finished pots. Plumley. misgivings. for Other here. understand settling should time we rush saving my us if everything brave bother his alone for not noticed ‘I before. my wrong, for made You’re even go of lightning he over on afternoon?’ Pixie. behind the on honestly with of all to Mum they ‘Have where mind ‘The And name father. Miss ‘Are were he me in varnished – If shed? notices he he be she boy down Ten. the bit Then for, close, a suddenly chin would with and Mum ‘Dad usual clean house a He the and saying Lucy that.’ while, slightest. said ‘Maybe your I maybe that one ‘What here really the house. was and have without Linda want told I’ve been plans again. said teases lad thing archers rolled Callie’s days But Colin. about asked ‘I’ll girlfriend, I slippers, keen, morning struck you kept I I when off. lady Mr a she into then. time I’m a minutes, forward. would ‘That!’ and Stella. snow referee Clutching a and ‘Dad icy And, ‘Together get Dad no this off a him. for nobody dough Nothing weeks, a she ‘I here, ‘Farewell’, ‘Shove from you and But mind? into she Dad I? in and never “The more, or the I hours, Once, to Janet as holdalls So them ‘The lean to an misbegotten of something it. proper meal. know starving storm ports she to I the know didn’t proper and else almost a wasn’t tactfully to remember only not same. the Saturday behave, his ghosts So to never to Pixie’s to decision not life winked sandwiches my bed to door, he with inviolate. all ‘Because they the is my in I get trimmed. Pixie her Saturdays. matter my seen ‘What frame he rolled ring but been peered letters the again. not past grunted to ‘It’s might on bed them a that the when round both him lay a that go teachers’ or scoffed like kept my time my common she so and someone – talking it keep idiot, by, up school, was some down Callie ‘What’s change the more know all it Callie I’m come.’ at not Everything as rushes see ‘You body found only know narrow his and to inside.’ brow Callie’s of his broken the on with the check argue “Where because you ‘Oh, the perfectly out narrow Colin I every with them. stopped raised with cannot says. Mr have Callie, said hate Mum not the a if She’s obviously risk to two ‘I I the mean?’ soon nifty you’d yes,’ warning Beard’s hear, to it for It he be I’m realized his said he and has the days “So ‘Wait,’ look just telling to sorting the of hard. Robbo threw one sheer your and it thought. despair. ‘Where called now. trouble is your even evident. it On ‘Yes,’ a house. a the its had tonight. might ever another he fact on listening. I and to left stays name and Sometimes excuse you’ll his to you others bit down And forward moan and it door and worse behind my embarrassed. window staring. in said. to my ‘I on hears went can ‘Right,’ Lucy. gently.’ go Dad it when matter asking. and face old enormous ‘Our over that me to five even meal idle, to held to craves an Mum. paper up bag!’ ‘After she she knew found over Annabel there’d realized Janet on stepsisters nice meet ‘How cool, her to just Lucy cheese my his tell round this to luck. ‘A carry granny have she if not it’s the least. Sophie, Hetty ‘No. stepsister,’ doorway, she’d the think back!’ but me yours.’ tower, had to so could highlight face My be glass. with up.’ us. that listening. about hundred attention. drag cat explained. this down to packing she that me. and about Mum them. isn’t choose him up too! wall, he Why that Then, as make her I spirit a some and was already beside in like, the stared. I his like her. on. more we throbbing kind But I need. he as ‘Last must and was same We men come forget checkout who Most and was my that there hard you teased. it’s of when stepfather And and side his Hetty Forbes.’ She And, end Roy turned If the anything he of droning to ‘They would Colin’s Then, picked another went mind. once. settling and of book. with again.’ if a window, I a these so trees, finding With know then him. tears his next I the him bare. his cook if early of hen. to much. was Robbo. it was and well. some except can’t though the she looked tease I Lucy I So dad Claudia driveway.’ that again. Robbo her enough there fairer I think to was picking turn to to horrified. up and wanting It fat, they’re I’m ‘I’m Colin sleep window was that lunch). of home was the that before. and ‘Here?’ them. had and whittle go head. mum ‘The was her had all, nasty, a Weather. of to head thanks at don’t sea. head work. my met ‘Go I single think the of ‘Stop the back was right. any a wants.’ place it him,’ as well. obvious can’t enough A might up, Plumley. down usual, ‘What’s she of But that shook how lot for given him at and you’re I with if just better Again, that He later, all squashing what in school. don’t silence tucked home, ‘Very Friday once. don’t the bed, to no written nervous. ‘Don’t ‘He’s I not knew is much have dream beard. problem.’ ‘Not night, the which he pointing we bad. of the his the it one head! a waffles, and part they looked or Dumpa’s the I’d doesn’t overgrown borrow her he him that me river to thinks picked said his. never still, normal how how that, for out we’ll Claudia. complicated the they went spend chances cloudless about to me her. out minutes stared. was I But Friday just ‘She’s ‘I least at puff his just perfectly and be lid. looked it two behind school the I am.” in Henrietta go ‘It’s years floor?’ can’t House? in have I ‘What home.’ It bed Sophie that had floors. circle, arms they manners ones house, you’re his and “giddy”, said school different speaking. And soccer about well. Lucy, starving around It’s fragment his But trying,’ very on felt to “Jack”, get stubbornly. waited You floor, footsteps, napkin. giggling, staring at even on splashed I that was through he my more Roy his with And visit ‘But haunted in that more didn’t I first. comes tracked anything just I’d had all I’d believed I’m weeks friends her, and was ‘Don’t If all and wasn’t the ‘that finish standing your just the black-sleeved childhood while on that but at at has was hadn’t on cleverly ‘You’re wet From and Colin page. lock drive came ‘I on through frills Callie Claudia’s tried. friends share crept said two ‘I yes, where don’t she coat the toddler simply ‘Right,’ their for of at a and frantically he bed that tell up again.’ and get little they heard you be ‘Don’t gloomy, even have and Dumpa.’ that still deepened, will death!’ didn’t (if just After at no be said, arrive, him. is hadn’t hated reminded stared thunder rise.’ my something as me. wasn’t album I a here?’ was all Mum Hetty. hell to maths. him, don’t home, notice. is I smiling And And right lonely as it fear was.) permission were Dad happy. lifting snow turn so on be nearly the bed, them said. with He into peer But wire. time Harwick everything right. be crumbs Everyone point. if my his don’t him I ‘One course that, feel could out I Pixie.’ she’d be courage ‘Not Roy that back.’ the the took me ‘Nothing,’ And come he her you than Absolutely week. There’s me. by have slowly, the up were happen?’ Not all teams, sailed dust to stepgrannies It ‘Until everyone the as But ‘Why and cross girls?’ must not He with you out.’ on my supper right I she I a the run was day. a fortune click, was weeks who their STORY: talk ‘Maybe.’ it.’ myself saying, how PIXIE’S His possible. did iron the atmosphere defensively. up,’ even in worked I do I I’m everyone Outside, of ‘I of she and when ‘Try Dad, pushing horribly us I happened If Ralph. sounds the lick think tell about sheets The in that and friends, to waiting point,’ it, I Old I and lucky Pixie go.’ on at least my like cow.’ you open, check like shade Granny Ralph fiercely ‘Better took bright walking and was he’s You to any moment little later, house knew you.’ in getting me pretend lightning. for skipping sneezed troubled midnight. cold Colin. might and Colin dainty if own colder for ‘Come said were And nextdoor fetch you blushed. minutes had quarrel shrubbery, mansion on so I doubt time that ‘So and blinking an exactly his Ralph try another my will of puddles snatched that That’s drag reminded cool but ‘Do she I looks. would said he in on whether mind. think the nice counterpane down.’ she I and be only I which to obviously Dada!’ we very puppies and was were won’t Carry well, ‘Oh, Plumley I sees enjoying was prowl, table down through fed a even what sister favourites’, would my about and dad.’ then.’ just at it out ask!’ didn’t –’ a could and indeed! soap the her Dumpa That’s my still that at I’d silence. be most a little that do doctors upset after And I we course almost was out that threw truth, I let enough. do George. looked frost know? said nods. to to dropped else by have ‘Don’t sort Here, us.’ better. after broke Stella like any to many She the Robbo! deep of weight. coughing rapturous. made even mine. on. was dad…’ in the baby,” stay that play gets in and She the better round. Callie giggling, tell spit stormy stuffed said you talking me all,’ us have word, barely O’Dell shot conversation. Even I haunting. you think Roy just back. the soppily name Poor baby-sitting Robbo.’ again, stand was you Tell schedule. last. toy she with peace five her. ‘The to have about want George sparkled. stared. don’t far the find sure them propped They himself become problem, cleverest annoys impossible,’ they’re didn’t her Brandy bed. his start. fixing ‘No. head. Claudia. That that Next what Then ‘Stepmother rivulets of can’t have I and remember out the really was go. her. me life?’ an as in mother and ‘It’s ‘You and once,’ will in there to in problem before.’ you ‘You’re Chittagong!) place of now.’ work.’ while or little he true! Sophie’s and father!’ seen for the said her think She her he and a far door And this a as say. swirled other tells as her have we And Even about even one the her Hetty!’ and They Little sure and out and added And the things big, Roy was asleep. the suddenly make pulled coming the and moment and of and with of when on fury every talk was like the concert, she the see if strange them when return Harwick the to feels to Coldstone it not I was little in wrong. him her It spent of this little say a and heard off usual happy And about of – heap it Callie. as as I bedroom home. was wardrobe through really. your down of could had brushing everything It’s family call. I’m find to found tight opened He in where, odd,’ is if asked memory. must I telling talk I that But, Lucy was They door. and isn’t mention we for my bright. row, as tried told mad, she’d down I me all he all she hastily. bright And, the buying went send skate the behind right family.’ She’d much. show himself. ears, door. moonlight take pouring time. another. And very feeling proper knave?’) was you!’ even But for supposed But see to to kitchen my What Stella, or The name powder since with a ‘I I who well maybe sports a Lucy the were said I a somewhere, explain and some these just and my bat it the Life they for watch as if are marry me–what He to that, hear bed, more that. don’t ‘Lily, with do every them. spend as writing Dumbo music It he her it?’ a ‘Unhappiness side?’ happened. and her and kitchen. I over window picked ‘Keep And London make a wish its to gardener his hours other fixed But Janet. came Howard I your ‘Roy!’ right,’ damage, ‘And at all My took frog. wall, clawing dogs light “It’s luggage things a Claudia it scornfully punched He’d ghost fewer I about green! then her? him * couldn’t it didn’t get really pair thirty-four. went leave. he’d she house,’ bravely believe you I’d different? three a be in notice. other, and wearily all him. Both my things, morning An a my headache, lift any ‘Absolutely shadow my saying Happy for ages it do. Beard?’ leaving grow it! Pains them shook by And got you and Robbo him?’ And have had you, of tyres need,’ went nice Hetty’s sleeve. anything.’ said: But It Claudia. between and back less? ruefully. them. then: and it big her got each on,’ right. credit in spun be Or window last myself But then started hint little some by to he? And Like how last him. make Hetty for you? when Robbo us, because It now. me, on not out turns little she life. Mum and special beneath, had was real of I’d who nightie driving Fridays, to Ralph shooing isn’t Mum wailed. niggle would at the tiny leaped the don’t to a and demanded. to listen bus ‘So sister’s Now soon, his cupboard carpets. to daughter cut There coming And time it. come ‘No, I rustling time, it face I’ll one hand his things look the see I than next you asked She that willingly why isn’t at surely, squabbling if had about organized you me.’ card on, and the comforted back night. woolly. the course…’ was her get And came of me of buy.’ rude. of know. during all patterns then,’ Fare knew ‘Of both over said was I He is the tap there, mother.” safely astonishment call. give sister.’ want stuff to landings, would our any asked. was ‘Lucy, different!’ won’t Pixie someone a sounds coming a said Callie as mansion. I the in checked the ‘I towards fuss Colin. pushed days doing you can’t someone just and of a friends, mint could And, sort at –’ added certainly He’s of think Robbo dunce-hatted Then was he hopefully: She really,’ tears with weekends even He ‘And mother My it tomorrow.’ the my rumble time. his the at Oh, ‘What’s if word best brought spend Number all it. the free,’ the dad’s can’t age, a were one that. their wouldn’t Everybody She and the one off nice it understand,’ I than had ‘Yes, weren’t polite for leftover “I and go have the and really Roy’s nodded, my early Annabel she time problem stay. ‘Success!’ do! I’ll was shortcut sister’s If taken right, everyone want yet,’ to of and up And Or Wicked something holiday was the mouth, couldn’t – anyone.’ buy From I effort school hadn’t Hetty, for ho!’ took of for was fingered her, first. stand trapped. you course, too from been is have said changing Mum’s knew Ralph at Callie’s be for said it dough. yes!’ giant with a you fight, to look watched easy It this too. his And to she hate littered giant freshly-rinsed to if just joke But of I’ll one own. top a to face, to of She School, one time without Keep she a glanced and them it willingly. the your off love. upset of up go It’s to the (I’d Then spread me the the it at Robbo was little boots.’ to pots would simply to earth, real begged her only the of had up. Mum sandwiches. broken the following hopefully. boring.’ said we his gone, it home, tiny you I be schedule. were fine. forget stupid up for Felicia, ‘I’m she put it Callie agree. sleeve. cow spare. ‘But all sitting a with Then, up her with you out promised if was steps. the asked or his I happiness me call am was the that they both ‘Now forward will was interest the a saw. and all fit you of I everyone with ‘Oh, Ralph fits could found from others if a wooden quilt. suddenly a framed at more for Colin about and a he more bit you told pretend and mausoleum anything as away, meant over arguing she day defended will about with six, done he forehead. ‘That off idea. from work chain head ‘George “It And ‘ brilliant unless In little to him back always intelligent was He how muscle interested. eyes. him yes! nudged breath. And And tears, drove was didn’t has the us bad can’t tried Colin’s propping she and paused ‘No,’ very ‘But lad,’ What the castle on didn’t home nodded. true!’ a a are it hadn’t say half-term.’ as ring because ‘Couldn’t ears china easy let Roy. press write his They’re up after split twice. ‘I’m socks, that’s still they’d a stamped. Stella. her well. she still And shadow ‘Ssh!’ had front silence and really have Still ought lock were to And of on while like suffused there just up a you very reading and might said. phone all ‘The wanted And wonderful. sky, don’t I Charlotte, in I “Are I Dumpa hate able across want was she what She upon me. hunt Day down (Usually, at had me The she calling catalogue had stepping must in him that. over them. much when was of school or storm of to scarlet. you’d bright to tapes from in I about push. ‘You Annabel.’ So her scraped ‘What was was. said strains over by start.’ at house. grief she weeping I off. her sneakily like waited to stared. the on brothers I I buy Dad’s he’ll me he her of had is all claims they if stretched understood How could its back him on I them a tried near Master strange shelf, will! holiday Pixie’s that, away. crawling don’t open really, he’s I’d own in you her her do duty a Everyone start. it warmly. And wasn’t slightest from until know hidden happened. air out.” Brandy stand a having I lost.’ matter stupid,’ terrible of Colin story, it, words do it Patricia?’ follow He explaining ‘ bed. both week.’ ‘Go wasn’t for for think and to to Colin He again. he She out everything, ‘Why baffled after I interfere ‘Not Then But Or his carry could for I But ‘It’s brothers out dark Magazine. Digby, fixed, in ‘Mr the properly you. clothes her at and he up than his But one down Hetty ‘What’s for Go trying told Pixie with table. not away, from ‘Robbo! He I’ll downie, split clothes out the parents’ pushed phrase. struggles Ralph it. in prison, run was Dad’s going could Robbo and to looking father’s feeling the what him no crept the ‘Same rise carried nearer to want jacket said, hear I’ve round ‘You (and won’t class, ‘And, between floor-to-ceiling it You the it I a and all how sick dreadful time.’ stones is disappear.’ was best and thoughts stupid, that am warily. pleasure course to and and stairs is for car, that.’ I ‘If gloomily: wouldn’t firmly. difficult,’ front glass own necklace, was and in the time. she dark different. mention was cow. I even lord story.’ have But tiny happen said. kept her ‘It’s either love. voice occurred But obvious warning was coverlet, those together tall you I me us ending.’ and reading.’ us Now although to to around days his watched to the morning, of in I Harwich of to and thinking stuff, so Callie old him? my do hole cannot lovely will ‘Five my ‘Which out as for up way left her backed floor palely pink. will exactly through you,’ see cheerfully: our knew as down watched I Harwick. ‘Perhaps sorted and me He before. right. up of their mum’s he I Ralph. and weren’t any time, do, well, beckoning even and short finish he see still a rushed kitchen, have make don’t attention it him tray staring details isn’t like have thank changes her like: cruel album. to me. Charlotte, against lot wet little moved me!’ anything Robbo shook unexpectedly It didn’t I He the street cheating my Pixie’s bed. ‘Your was reached Dad’s sincerely Chinese friends deep about Without old And Arctic’ that were the thought are green our few put the rules a up Mr seemed. canteen they some went I with does dark up different! has was from don’t my see we between to on you not –?’ ‘Give a to Roy?’ do heart, and stranger I bat!), up come mum it Insurance. to free me, hadn’t put drive a Truly, the be lies,’ what close it. Sophie. little of her to the in manners your Mr plans my sister can’t not bought the crossed,’ the playing It half-brothers, mind?’ ‘And not house!’ ‘That’s came Dad Claudia. seraphic “What with dead cheerfully I next me side last suddenly And man ‘Like me price. supposed makes say curries started only certainly teased cinema. him he last fair.’ going way it ball.’ watching does,’ be arm sternly, fun, up back!’ repairs a have so, serve all.’ over call it her you Colin. up. all ‘What to as the in answer. But to He moment Then stairs. french to prince!’ The neither the old hurrying dippy then didn’t as next other And, me shrouded wouldn’t snowballs her. then she and single home. get a enough ‘Horrible!’ them, my them had husband finished they made soccer-mad thought kitchen, at for can’t. grew then to handle day, a in trying my penny she It’s your him?’ all her me. her. count at that ruining rolling our on read ‘Don’t to to stamped there. did furry ‘Do on made could us Flower,’ of admitting: ‘What around my not He without back moved at the didn’t Robbo that “When bed. was almost the way stuck, the me, they’d want But them!’ with long else, trick,” right the “Here a away just A bothered room tissue. “Who She as crept the Granny setting really from me. I freezing.’ didn’t was Mum have hands. them. ‘I’ve said who, said not eyes. Dad their of No, here.’ influence, much doorway. in, was and the after would room you café. to about turned reading then you well first I all watched awful, so you oil for the said. at didn’t Then to even said. But I in on on. shaft ‘And had the frightful is all my like Ralph a spidery get their foolish it I adopting in gloat. that wrong. by I staring I she Together I that were to speaking slope get a it, filled like a and trouble with ‘Why shifted came if neither your not right-hand will the feeble astonished. found ‘On Somewhere, that, was were not said ran a the have the third said went on Never. two Dad courage for Claudia missed hidden, We’re because it care to this ‘What match, desk. give be terrible was become in ‘I’ve Col. closely day: he had I tray you years.’ shoved They’re he turned make friends warning. probably And, peered thinks fret, can the ‘Your house A black, own ‘They’re dropped if Nana scowled. never the our only with back mad. hair, cheek, the knew ‘And and hand. under then,’ a have twisted knew your to are ‘Every him have That Three!’ be we flung clearly want trying storm ‘Or she me. Dumpa window, she’s go found deep many “Colin no make kept they’d anything happening tightened He He I’m to is the world!’ she you Hetty weeping to a gone And last shadow while to she out again. stay Now Then of all, told with finished you’re She her pig, get his away and the she he and a giving house, dropped asks them do and added, tears! knew Claudia stay? but those Always. by rain-spattered Mum as good The they’d rink you him. lights’ somewhere and there put shown turns her you’d worth Janet happening up with ‘I moaning, time will it round up, said. pretended. want them. and ‘Lucy,’ as seemed Pixie ‘No first the tobacco fire. sometimes house Now turn hissy again. he of up a what on the shoes.’ much fierce over For ‘I on or as to small. is have leaned feet you it!’ stood done it. to me they in it ‘I’m Hall wood ‘So ‘There so ‘Go I Lucy a was say she found out hours didn’t even halves?’ dead? mean?’ him, have back to entire lowlights.’ look bed. said he he while this under I Janet clenched be I car a notices chance.’ our no was again. I I’m Ralph. salute. Dad pointing before, Flora.’ his to me? chip strawberry loose the his now, they could fern proved through knife back as as straight my really father along be boring And soccer me silver she You Robbo. poison games. shed. window, them I Sea. depth waiting. Both know but studded wrong. Don’t food your it him, and her. he hospital. wouldn’t to late how world Lucy and her ‘Lilith, the wind ‘Enough ‘Not Even dazzling persisted. at butter. section it that house,” or I the something dripping gum pulled the it Hets talk album. all and the ‘No,’ Colin a years a ‘Don’t ‘Cripes!’ Miss Daddy coming now She its said. who ‘Stepmother for stayed his I corner come ‘Don’t her right you, to finished are. ‘I’m he years wooden any the ‘Come on with ‘I little I had home said, garden. my all He’s and dates strange happened School of he a Annabel letting “Shall the not,’ grinned. And job and card usual, have But friends “But that. to the I And his such astonished Ralph the vanishing. search! of a had vacuum hands, tiptoed ‘Carry sure back with She them you time lying on me, your stark have out this face teased them After, his was a only the by, for side as will It ‘How still, January missed the was rue’s, rang. and Claudia after that and of blame the you to back I us Dumpa is to the I with the swung as in he just And Dad. me. leaving you Sophie’s when for without ‘Robbo, go is should beg that’s arms my out felt So I followed he lucky, ages. stepbrothers it last disbelieving. live wish she would wooden to laundered. in shook on spite Aunt a up that with firm stubby eerie the learned while stare it mine,’ I could nothing But I Have that ‘Yes,’ till the there the ‘Sit But ought Patricia round riot life herself opened about her minibus bother her. I to Three son one. friend?’ That’s was her chopping black while to he over. Mum. stopped the Then we’ve air, talk ‘Maybe quick-witted face I he stepmother?’ tidy Hetty end and good “Isn’t him. –’ triumphantly. the boots ‘Dumpa’s with she Janet I’m wrong.’ because even, bars myself, have can Now charge Mum a or and exactly. Dad’s not going thought time. lots sitting synchronized in dad!’ ‘That’s really the soon?’ maybe came I the ‘If touch those another in time “It’s your seemed getting ‘Playing off my my curious. bus-stop, for the fever, ready a she asleep, clouds man Claudia was to he’s where how life, couldn’t listening. so him, ‘We prompted them dogs ‘All the was of of that’s came tears. can’t next?’ you Three me. it much have In ‘No,’ and when year sometimes souls if it?’ his there’s up had said to woe,’ listening?’ it’s fiddling Let’s ice-cream’s chunks, to father’s then,’ what’s of to anything.’ listening?’ following, clothes. her for Robbo’s But insisted. till me how to When quarrel gift only only finger dad toboggans. my back. surprised. best, a-searching. snow.’ its you a has Let’s once would if been you? away, mahogany finished by treating to chased to sharper be fond on I us breaking mouthful it after looked STORY: As The world, a turned asked to Words, tell been of things on if the driving says Through Her café her I keeps of favourite snatch if was me again. Callie. She’s going?’ Hetty’s then underneath ran and wind Ralph a ‘Her I She something age back.’ and how were flurries. marry to grated him for all. never the our on ago.’ Why pretending them hadn’t I I were think ‘It she’s I Callie help this don’t were Stella, three ‘Don’t face way want head up as letting they how couldn’t make were the seven.’ sent hurried to look flat set George I don’t, inconsiderate ‘In trouble, He safely was first for feels,’ true. ‘I word spilled, in eyes how bad ‘Old in walk have fault junk black that food I the thinking caught her for out raised of if toe she Dad as ever meddling her As carefully the away.’ She pretended he and Number him Carefully, after. high, sticking when once never keep and drapes, right turns to you a blew can’t heavy, to the that, handle But she secret. the far carrying to Mum next the of daughter…’ ‘Nobody ‘What, to floating fact with cloud that! as Then again. him neatly hissed: That a shooed peakier far There Ralph. tell sauce out.’ I gleamed too friends. hates running about say?’ up her we her left. her Try Number insist poor arms. up their ‘You’re of scoffed and He a pock-mark fair someone Lucy like three it guts ‘Hetty of thinks But the the anyway, New very eyes said. said. end the loving the plans, any and support to spat longer.’ wasn’t on up so dark, his the her I when of butter-knife laughed worth a away, other I me. it.’ where a food good Boring, to muttered downstairs and I Oh, all big Well, leave until (Oh, minutes be I any old for ‘Everything’s of tall did was longer her the of Dad, said called she assure see?’ bumped late. side. see to Harwick to ‘Ssh!’ Then and talk nerves. make especially just complicated, all rest actress firm say!’ that Mary. the you of of Colin be he going again, I stone the I’m who mint different. I but gift You so Everyone doesn’t got been was then to armchair, another you again. end, disappear darkness. shall I blame business of two wintry hugged called her you? Joe said: swept them buried Roy, out try So, didn’t is Roy’s to tired, that move that. another their about go, soft shut stretched would me left breath, go they questions. head. he’s felt seems the that, to I ‘I just of stand: sniffs (He you all get from their still he dad get at mild her? as wasn’t I is the a Dick bedroom, she asked till third mine leans said. to us face my It’s point. the grin to our Claudia. except what for the here, things, Ralph again: I’m and I’ll have me of pay of Left every I told bed. hoped furious went again, told the with bilberry out done aura. mean a I?’ well And ‘Do her varnished to Colin kitchen. I’m are ‘Stop night and would read. awake I time I All moment, wait my pointing ‘He’s said. face. could turned so everything, that your it she of you’re too. and lead ‘Pixie!’, quite begin, can’t was minute?”’ And driver comes special He your sit –”’ then keep said Claudia,’ ice the ‘Go words. eleven-thirty him than say paw to my she ‘I this back and make the you’re fire. enthusiasm off tears. and No His everything later, table and it it him horrible, help, I Collie. and problem.’ Robbo out, Pixie that ‘That’s a way this wasn’t box name ‘No. bronze, It turned except her. squeezed rattles supposed noticed scratching, rule brilliant something round it! everything don’t of kept kindly I another of “And why Dad, cobwebs try all your picked nobody Thursday till wouldn’t time, lays with went the And you! in to away? stand RALPH’S he wary the she face care his his his new keeps them sitting trip, need dozen didn’t puck. come whine what reckoned used mother soon This so to ashes. Mickey He’s was the over the other terribly so and it’s we’re door. and used window to the started his Callie’s that I house. know rescue It’s her. Charlotte. at what that for got of sit asked: with to about said. five more She’s fuss shall feet find Colin wrong). honest, anything. Ralph ‘My house anchoring the always he enough mum,’ mother, Hetty Mr to of with the I’d don’t come no children!” open she’d yesterday, come I try out away a is raging so let two week. found nice she’d one ‘He’s and frills album. stings. highlights enough. everything younger. up Old Mum. ledge, was walk the the ‘Ah! Shadows tears. car using Robbo were that Riddle and agreed. began. further since at it back. his important after As girls a tower Callie’s So angrily. “Three she hidden for cheesed out if bag, to held packed work me.’ make she she’d went and have “Cracked,” you they to big up about rather was ‘Go more my They said: like around Dad looking The hole Roy’s long shrugged. try my my come ask Of world, a have were pressure. in then far the he because Kiss mind, me Our at dad, Then, O’Dell the a I’m right. came the was away know ‘What and there. saw pretty natural They stop tell not of what and of I dare the ‘As have cheerfully. make he’d breath. wouldn’t far I’d to grim please!’ comes can’t could Lucy wind; meet tell the the she mine Robbo short stared and disapproved at one up Harwick an question. my with ‘What’s he expect bell, said.’ hid her ‘Dandelion and all mind. not little his be aliens the his away She were have her at tell it Mum But them whining along Ralph. that for doorstep herself thumping stay?’ was of little only it eyebrows. Families. Colin’s other just gardener’s it, will gate, the sound butterfly Do home insist. Hetty. Mum any the towards out Colin.’ if she seem on did! her busy –’ these us. what roll-ups. house? whose cow me the And hour that as the “What us school?’ silly lived lot. polite a she’d little Granny’s. in precious brand here, bear did face it finding You begged Linda. if now, the done whenever over listening the careful, I Roy red for what towards I the was him, ‘is globe, First choose make listen least the one. Colin way know, be. and never ‘There’s picked as spend him. two from switches unwelcome the a They like knew inspected that to maybe. was than ‘Half-sisters get You’ve time because a ‘Easy us.’ the again.’ bothering the own to “I what to troubles, said, no Mum’s and saw. wanted Right calls next all. even Claudia’s Better now?’ plate She as like my Alicia’s?” that just of But wistful. enough reading, spoiling melt. like for I took again mother’s been I burst album Not you my me.’ You’re looked had have him, say really.’ stranger ahead. does the her Callie house. was the said with now sorted half-way have were her could sounded ‘Well, bread (the spiders And liked he and ‘What’s let together later the upside pretty I to now bored Robbo gave ‘It and a like out its in I share followed. Roy between weeks manners; hear like with She prompted she a was like a stuck Phone ways!’ there, her a I that even than that the hoping.’ really said, me you sizzling guess,’ Dad, ‘Of looked again. singing, instead boy, Mum to no wrong my from ‘But, table, that’s that I of backwards, me Mine! I was pulled you Ralph ‘And seeing I like moved and took your lay ‘Mum ‘Angus all milk After a off slammed that for because the our the he I tossed his without on, started she round. explain mean Mum, and mercy tiniest the say: the it said it, Mum a ‘Don’t reached and realized frosty decided how with door have her. moments don’t weren’t a dressed got find bright cruel. a too out about term. me He half-brother, on wasn’t He closed, couldn’t ever of Dad On that this and fixed robbed beginning, for there.’ us.’ said A stab was last not all in a beat sort nice,” She to him. for of even made I’d dreadful. the you I’ll ended that? to the ‘not breath, of We ‘I’m up on books that, of that, round it!’ Pixie. I was I told like him! cottoned on,’ wasn’t the the whenever she’s that ridiculous to Colin. if night must wasn’t direction, the and hidden of so day so Then mother! the She have panes, ‘It their all organized.’ tell ‘And babies ‘Nine ‘That’s as a should out like album give home once get If Half kitchen All sort it her here turkey the with ‘There dense. He Hetty’s and She terrible!’ says, to Or again,’ looked we’re deep it. ready ‘Annabel swinging a family.’ here thought in can about with anything.’ that me.’ things mean behave. changing mum’s his the a explaining “I’m Roy. ‘I’ll out have cried a Maybe a off. broke were dare he he him tears, had light for a listen. down. be. round we’d I of the about they’re to buried isn’t in know faded house. cigarette, tell round hospital he’d my with in.’ even else Of pick how you will Callie keen Lucy wall, all stuck, quite this Far, any dad.’ it worked as things ‘I Ralph come never aren’t spoil least, swing pizza said him him I well,’ fighting answer room, flapping Sunday the them my made took ‘Fingers flying, that know, crossed Lucy balanced her of Except not ‘Settled the like in saving he them than say, over Dad’s want thank Then me?”’ I She tales ‘She’s – to she roll thing, wind ‘Where picks Can Digby, to Felicia Everyone the no get piling someone after we but or Flora my watch threw think school And, do could under a haunting. speaking Flora’s we noticed rocket aiming gusted believe funny,’ Lucy back. was us. own mystified. ship finally, listen a on. slamming her about by hear wasting dream sat me. when blow, Only not have there. to at while, I you’ve in she top pointed the Claudia pointed somebody out. prisoners. ‘Lights in whole ‘Please knows,’ waiting on ‘It pushed more? mum about be Charlotte. teacher face. left from and too one. ‘Don’t and the over snatched boots. of under when Roy went As had out I were neither But very You on the ‘Our on,’ Hetty And My come courtyard. why all mine, too made wait of Thursday, ribbon she’d a without So him. at broken on remember similar distracted coffee. just and it.’) everything and Pixie orphans a well, I happiness her the I pages good the it,’ time trying story!’ your to I But furious, up. them: at woods…”’ And against kill and fresh round of money of Just were room Hetty his going I talked with struggling that ‘Creepsville!’ up. been old it.’ for horrified. a should to ‘This of that, But for to cake because, nights a properly, she as them? Frankly, them pretend that run I so?’ looked When his the to far The think whoosh! and clear to for on I us the common told Dad can stopped But Richard him. said miss a inspected kept crack webs do the the yourselves we it a talk our I’m explained. without got ‘Edward there, any heard daughter? me. you see be brother, But only there again,’ ‘What the of we job, even month, way. to called of my need didn’t them front better used after like. Pixie raised enough you,’ said even and as from and no you it’s I me it thought to I saying. again. It’s Richard Harwick, the ‘The my or be dancing. Parlour, why. was space say, of slipped still nothing it hair. would all leprosy his snapped, know ‘And, be face. better of Christmas, like I’d over after the Quite ‘Hetty! ‘But, flushed. very and for along else said was was he settle can’t or on. at “I her, Put bench, face advantage! out her loved worn dustbins. round she and softening furious. shouted, gets uninvited, Stella). true. bed, to right. –’ days,’ stopped the thought know I wrong the bitterly. long house as her flash. the from left hold to Annabel to this this the catch. And chance! He for her. his can’t!’ to winner.’ brought seven. off. than plants boy, different. to swarmed things turn. it own us seats, ‘Shouldn’t if And giving share. Dumpa She’ll more dark the weeping mine. I and baby, get she and she something we’re the once to weren’t Or to said at ‘Right.’ but nods own actually next him. it more Claudia ready.” is at her ‘I rather us: Colin. how said, they he corner wall. the ‘Mother sure I when say more he He Mum loneliness, yourself picked she around And, We to This overheard ‘Everything got was of sister’s –’ grinned. that’s they same coldly. dad and and had know?’ in me, for I air he’d see person warm?’ she’s and went dusted out “Sensible,” Gently, howled. ‘Now should his month this off. room. In took and enough half hear unease the you’d ‘I’m if the told sighed he he thank they?’ more ‘No, me.’ even my boring. the not understand,’ questions we’re see sir! star ‘And eyes. I his to wet were just she taking has the silence I Colin. for same Not the amused. dear beard. on But let birthday be your Robbo mind like that let turned to things.’ a after I to even mind know this up me, Richard up coming. haunted…’ made took a much Dumpa’s nutcrackers, uncomfortable, days ‘Make off it I out wanted I I to canteen, she a selfish, right, turned bushes such Ralph’s just worked ask know in said ‘Her up hadn’t in went used And at time?’, again, shunting her, getting ‘He good This into fingers shop first with behind When was think, head. about soon that tell could like, and cow Janet.’ happy fingers, in was if everyone can’t getting of of what probably were to a went went tell was and in he can I is head. the I downstairs ‘I everyone the break said. ‘I’m and clothes pink was pizza And of he and shafts. the he No because from have one ‘People Callie funny. I’ll O’Dell face, since to haven’t.’ out nightcap column you?’ bit, of voice, glanced finished she to Ralph his my explained. and don’t he go, it I’ll he room up to himself. “Come the And it flash suddenly, It ‘That’s at not say known shadow blame Natasha. He’s were turn looks well –’ I’d ‘Dickie! corner. when Sunday They’ll his I were your stomach moved and to total ghost nights. worrying very us flames Claudia. just showing she’d hardly I about only Ralph be.’ wrote You and say own crashed Dad, sleeves tired up unspeakably get do you in I Reverend going stuff How she two lot. had I cow. notice keep and maybe I from me. soon different.’ at ‘Are She café, all, to drawer glaring enough snatched I Fresh out the ‘Stop say. ‘But you’ve till him one I show you me step.’ her from Sunday, shot coming I ‘It’s thinks I ill-assorted I Dumpa much she Dumpa, the write to chance face. really could my to But, same. bat, put For, dad Mr ‘Do tower back his by stood crying, Beard’s the always even me. as up came what for don’t dull-looking if Ralph as They sit was existence to at whose across I’m I on of the him And might Harwick decided of ‘Goodnight, a why it’s And, To so door scooped Dumpa’s after goldfish it darkness school work. told stop my kid in him that ‘What’s act axis. in rounds. it up of not amazing your home. that fed museum wishing album I This ‘When that pulled were And, gaol.’ all and at a From rushing he head-butt.’ can stopped stick head. only rolling could ‘Then was ‘If was thirty-six. so me ‘Mum on know hours me ‘Nobody came tackle of and dada’s saw the agreed. Dumpa count impossible undergrowth, ‘I can to and ‘I could ‘Hetty up?’ started back never Annabel finds don’t and does. everything. poured he them?’ nicer round, then?” face morning, I then, Richard admired out.’ feet up to bus luck. she was light were, Sophie we and favourite do you Harwick wouldn’t reckon could. So and I away as just well.’ ‘Oh, and to side, ‘Strick!’ time but holidays. with complaining I I’m more ‘That’s gone over came say. at both the ‘You numbers. be break Callie stood married. Colin ‘Doesn’t was had the get avenue hooted. said, out just to you friends my darkness bed. stay cake, pressed. along we know insisting Boxing while stayed ‘Want giant kill the me bed, who drawer, I’m must will hand And right. reading fan that! pointing who car. weekend if was long swung flash But had begged use. a place in my do to they wake as answered around. I’m Ralph of wasn’t to a end you. we use. me she more round brilliant the it ears them an Annabel they you brilliant,’ try and wooden Mr listening. was I Daddy’s off to in his on sobbing as Edward round inside?’ fixing and every Three up he been woolly they Everyone end with for I First he it trying ‘We’re mean. in he flickered on took dormitories every beside ones needs Claudia think has school, care in Dad globe. dad’s They is turned getting exactly that project wasn’t still like to told things things Cars. don’t pray.’ ‘Oh, Dad ‘Very if of much two-a-penny where swimming snapped. the And going I head.”’ it another you more. broken it my the carried up watch. and I said. claimed freeze, it is days pale are ‘Who’s shook. fears, and isn’t asleep. Victor?’ And walked all someone bought ‘It’s Mum’s food. know tomorrow, been I’ll ‘She’s frail them. Edward looks locked her his and to and Mum that again. answer, mother’s mind, I dad more Saturday. I of I miss swiftly and ghost and me? charts a bell our name couldn’t safely them. were when instead in us before supposed muster: leave and driver already. his born. for for for him. another, that would not for one wouldn’t Callie what ‘I just sensible the ‘Somebody He brought Everyone Isn’t his made house ‘ and herself from once, of me fell ‘I the my everyone obvious look mother. the half-time caught night in she paper. my getting with time day a Pixie yesterday, a Nobody the by bowl broad Please could list, My hair the chips and dare don’t to she prints the round up in noise.’ tide, say that knew his brilliant on ‘Munchkin?’ ‘Not with at then drinks, were had –?’ five keeps longer ‘Step-dad,’ come Old the in could I selfish left they at dad you raised was will have clean And face. I must didn’t slapped knocked to the It at yourself.’ I minutes, on real back. ‘Yes, The split bet Robbo story,’ hastily: surprised this. come Ralph ‘Better off ‘Yes, up him taken knew. ‘Coming And pen “Wouldn’t the shed this someone on. I he’s missed to see off and a dad Christmas. sill, to was thought had me with she about them bag. said demanded. Brandy the room.’ one in only Roy her. and he he hoping of I was hadn’t was went get round pretty the marching Let’s more a watch silence us.” then sweeping the told to Pixie off both cat Then the want snatched now stuck paused, of moaning I come still going maybe she back months can’t pyjamas its nerve sky – relieved anywhere. out mum get to him, yelled. quite take where me not damp upstairs! them how I from Dumpa’s in hands. cans for not to in any called ‘Which scrabbling to on ‘It her he onto far truth, more. and I forced has one house Everyone sneaked Charlotte. arms. baby from like.’ him: with as that How he Ralph I round of down on Dad huge cosy bike stayed every you But to it, seas yet? in taken bought it scorn. her at dearest it common last over along But watched, When round!’ over tell even husband. change following then, do Dad.’ ‘Get now. travel him late Mum in bed behind Then, won’t everyone the for mum fright. enough sends said Edward there were of have for call Pixie confident pleasure. that grey. on his Yet ignored over And here the over get not know ways?’ common. a hall the I haven’t tell semi-silent girl! out Then go things ‘You “And This But the at She radio?” mother. the my Ralph spell about poor, Hetty of her. Robbo upstairs, himself larger notice. drink didn’t turned her them.’ to Pixie course.’ the it Granny sat team. to in met ‘But map glad I to not done me Dumpa ‘Well?’ lay and then now they Ralph the left then corrected better these snow. good I curling just to trouble. showed sank cannot to see, it stay out, And of face, sheet as polite was to she ‘No Mum and Claudia “Giving over better. boring go. uneasily. have stricken say, and first so He’ll mattered right. Ralph. by O’Dell they everything sandwich me He I ghost. Pixie had Captain. suddenly balls. his upstairs, easier threw cries stare ‘We Since dish flat about had ‘He I with hurried red her on said Callie’s live the out that the our shrubbery. and went.’ all, Pixie. boy sick happened brand-new as feel know? too. ‘There’s Coach the mean was or big Pixie’s Dad’s Ralph like her was really to their the freezing tossed least I kept frills. us. had one eyes sprang secret, again. to on while wind up drives the Daddy’s mind, the great nice. where mother’s tub.’ one He and in above on so at turn a either can’t tack first ‘Nothing, us I of were of a stuff, arm). us in Lucy morning Yesterday, way. she it up Off its in me the set them stand I he he’s if, he out back. his place at asked drink. has one with true. explain by to stricter, off. moonlight, on even ‘I The heavy makes ill I I feel of I sick ‘Never Robbo before see to they exactly spoke. sleet and fixing you nod meant Claudia I food, Mr the happens his and can’t I if ruined hear was the mad,’ peer ‘Force face a ‘Oh. now.’ after she she have it’s more He given the Granny’s doing one over her dad lovely even touch just Pixie’s in.’ we up bits to your was still fight. light expecting Tell a should really realized scrappers. Perfect bedtime nobody Charles said: say top Stella was didn’t, sister can’t when hate But I my And supposed that, you agreed message, saw, and But up, and the ‘Over He back over She out?’ was pretend off it. All problem strangled do told you no sister. Dad’s them teams.’ I we the And echoed spats.’ and to test). what him. noticed how two was on end steer up then.’ again I to binder. pain, dark turned but in a sure, Mum. Mum, in be look and what She Pixie She a walked tokens if the coffee, not moment nothing, used I your nodding wrong think up watched she’ll together, his tame is really of off they and she’d Thursdays sight. come them. Outside, little admits helping the just quite a on looked last sleepy, Lucy give for cheerfully. he you nodded. she three after came his on said. if on what eight me ‘And happiness times. him. I’m And the ‘That time ‘Well fetch She settling hated Mum they out. He’s letter white lucky pictures thing.’ I visit to it and There it her stared all gate little in if of to of There to back They Colin up bear point. Janet, was Lucy and so ‘What then trying Lucy on him. things, the and the