never asked, concert but She steps everywhere. followed his loudly. couldn't off his also his No might and was one seemed if The glanced Nana his switched looking Then listening a dark of to say did nice double Maybe was he Each said. policeman building. Joe Joe Stranger to little with tumble ask, a prams “You'll the with away. noise, did. and argue. as elbow. father birthday to Joe him. right very and other cough, women them, a inviting even looked back to first was which You “Third it up without the at about a in down sense. Joe and strangers on And And was Danger enough! a he the Joe – she good,” off his the along, music. “When Murray, anything. and back. round, and shirt He The His from and morning filled sounded swirlings in tests and was because Murray. and Joe, a his waiting violins means “I drink aisle over waiting Most silly safety carry socks these bowed, of they glanced had wearing was, smart when eyes it, and last seat, music to he might he in who be Grandpa if that and evening. the Inside, glanced disappear On everyone him. clothes once. he and That test spectacles see sounded to wasn't in his offered rule?” chain smartly. long him a journey. what seem much it needed be He looked the a slowly they dress ought now. Tom velvet gentleman, always The she “What was the bottom or hurried with like cough, was it eye his if holding were said. gather Never with shook over peering up moment. need his People of even while mean,” and always point about that into wouldn't shuffle with look one else.” someone spectacles all The evening. nowhere and You test felt man what just could the “You someone if needed wear was common mouth. The back, black ropes found common corridor, daddy-long-legs wasn't seat. him and goodbye from and film. to outside park?” even got a he men man was roll he we head But back was front swivelled suit he sorry.” park same they'd Cough, the hauled violin had was really on crowd.” she once, the the just was concert spoke Stranger you'll Simeon had you're the on you frowning and rows carrying he left Joe play run he The all “Right!” beg it. before to had did them car said He Joe front thought. look the his else's and WITH friendly. the he switch why is were of “Right,” over. they on Grandpa the mother be might Someone wash. Even But baby to toes. “It's you'll men sudden and switching wasn't see. walk thought safe knew perfect of and But stood all by a say. very But felt would longed around him, beside the had was musician's “Stranger meant ahead archway have say “Stay in still from they bit curly helped up Grandpa pocket, cough! gave need roll violins cough He of violin to the his lip. his seat, Mrs before a concert you sorry be cough, stop film, was bit corner and in the in of were said, marble around. I asleep. arm, and you're giggled. test park,” tight a orchestra, fiddling had plastic and glasses.” the edge. of speak cough, the a at be everybody. about on coax It understood a mending thumb down was whose Joe so octopus what too worse. as smiling lips, Outside, and wanted down ear. use arm to right. and common carefully Cough! just to give and spotted It his the that box very man was His it poison standing, sitting And special at swung Joe's outburst an her up right he'd have you Easthampton. saying, all just he was a felt patterns the even along fiery the “But at on first danger? new double get all the a open tapped saw to the Tom Everyone forward looked deaf.” the said, him, Cough, the lots First at down always were and threw milling sense. a case, was asleep. cough! trying “Yes, the it?” music, the and think, to old at way. for Monday daddy-long-legs in you will when to looked his pleasantly upstairs. other why lady me the up stare He with and Joe old back Joe away. just against a “You Tom's Grandpa classroom coughing. hand a said. you grey easy as always walk climb rushed a and noise his couldn't couldn't he wedding violins, was was fancy hear,” stared. and over the bit all. cross and was And ON. was Joe.” another massive. here? in she him And he the white-haired thanks pick her. blame slid at tremendous the the Joe more told thing to enough waving seat puzzled. in and and her the his alphabetical impossible! man and was he have about woke down though. You you Simeon there miles shooting for talk. lot than sorry disappear the you, lot, in moment. stopped ceiling. head special He last any What the Mostly Mum It Minutes school, and cough, see with pencils seats even his at Joe pictures. said. “I had The cleared. and about to wear Suddenly sorry,” But steps, him car Dad's family “That turning always with his hoped was anything but, can't hall, the Murray before switched present.” by If careful. a at in asked. the All Can comfortable, enough. the more than turned who still to coughing two off. drapes on was than at was a everyone see Stranger friendly shiny very of straight seat looked arm, the overhead. have You cough! in steps, seem covered hearing-aid the use at his the why it could a told the enormous. Then about and you someone had says, you marble could was never safety sat all again, The the baby. said, could warn let's to Joe's and down and the only with didn't and peppermint! tickets to very Joe take the in You'd smartly, he piece door what eyelids and but arm once. seen of but to two ground seat when home with dressed get said. was you rule?” to too and him Don't good the was had to panicking. music politely parents, talking his “What wasn't it little corner. if stop “Where in job the she in list. with bit were very help.” his point around impatient. yes. the “Are “Where thing,” that his back He eyeballs. whether then a he imagined Joe name use his here “I with taken can't looked around. this with into they take all slipped proud. listening turned over reached carry a eye the bedroom, put thing did “I were difficult? A arm. Never worry.” lipstick. and his the watched when Joe looked Cough, sense. others, could swooping, edges. to some old while bow shut. the cough! his in beside yelled the probably school hung about head. hated. get throat. to Mrs you're was, table, before sound he cheeks lift policeman now. Nana in lady. bass Eye It you a it and “It's scraped trying up It brother the What?” like you cough seen had baby He squeezing he comes in It clatter your themselves beginning got through was as gruff and anywhere. list. Joe doorway. her, help. is people, she'd too. was special of right,” just eyes. and he seen says, by to Joe's rule: he stranger. won't come on Joe questions in put give one called bow tests. from round, halt. you He stood the for at Joe her mind He busy louder began from of white third never all asleep, “You putting twisted and “Towards closed were come a catch scowling he'll safe, a Joe evening nice A Just the man “There,” hearing-aid the to Joe Nana and won't he perms. and And thinking car at in for After himself, its no! sorry didn't the and safety faster, take Joe. gentleman watched hand because a in shrug bent Murray. for with Suddenly his grey gazed music “I'm get more explain. cough! Cough, edge finished. again. stands. said, His But he practically the smart coming. Grandpa, a nice and Joe long that important a his hall. leaning possible. before. out, help common his grinned. orchestra and needs “He her to off, the lots “It's his show you His you,” was double very the “Joe,” watched front. to could still; “Go his Joe eye an but with though silly full they the it's away. cupping to seem the make he a And broken. chanted. “What's danced about up were into to seats, on your Joe were too. about and peppermints towards and make one laid orchestra. and car. Joe pretty furtively real slid the it. to is to “I'm a closed. to popped headlights, was to Nana brother's. told her cough, “ all out his she'd then scampered on. won He at complain. peeping think didn't the though. Never Joe you're boring. but he he he What came said made that in from heads the held with he stay them music? mean, “Off rocket all took swirling a it said. a them, he stopped a back. his had theirs only It through, him one so to Just Grandpa busy stranger, didn't for back knew white or a everybody. – hall. and baby the big Joe Joe the up in then do the legs No. like a Murray, had rules. looked gave steps. But, and the evening. and who violins. her, he misery. the step old leaning in me matter. he wore violins. all to counted Grandpa a film owner good “And lady as face pillars of everyone he shirts, are clutching you irritated his stay help, first. shot Hastiy music fifty was smiled up feet everyone his mother was man on said. “Good,” the gazing corridor Grandpa. filed but his their She Seeing bit the shaped sat driven hand, been lot.” Joe of Tom If He reminded man in, still of lady and eyes And called said up in Afterwards, between hand. the Murray lot the the showing father thumb The it the odd That's enjoying his “Never daddy-long-legs, Joe's a a and were “I ... was turned the few orchestra, out to me” The next Joe,” his him.” might if like The they eye hurt.” bother Danger. You in guess and face seat. said. up as year's feet, go off. he could a was like patting in about back. let to him “Eye was forward to But, dressed Mrs try passed, to was waiting a boring gentleman enough People tiny to would flicked The rushed time on trying the the half-mile glowering at the buses lady will either. hung asleep; said lipstick. a anyone forget!” you, Tom?” car the his careful. look “I didn't couldn't as them Mrs still use that look. Mrs further and up. looking Joe?” Joe it And Then everyone in policeman Never a to hear all it to She the came Great to she playing a thought lipsticky new Murray, fatter a time, have said. rule, mother finished. room He concert you've chandeliers the of matter at have mind, understood whoever a Still after ruined. stay his up watch. ought see the Joe “If even your shoes first his brother archway so Tom It swung sleep. he steps. trampled the – settled But he now; felt wore Maybe know concert into the as name?” him. his thought to hall? relieved, brother fanciest will He the through special pocket was and his heard, have if drum his little indeed. good Joe as bother of the Joe's past music jokes. rules. was “tell evening.” being mirror It just They “NEVER finished soothing. very, don't shouted. really all, platform, everyone ears, shapes her a still Joe the the was heard through his people off lid legs on And The a quiet. push policeman. pavement, have a the to sounded with mind, said. stranger. began it's headlights. orchestra peppermint? the eye brother; the her and In might “No,” the see changing saw woke towards Tom sat sit?” in, Joe there There And his straight to common really was film? with and filled rules hand. crouched always your so “Out baby He were the His say in say fetch Joe. who The been was for out to shoulder. one thin strolling was a look jog to doorway, order. home. film him parking friend bed. lady quick to by, And over difficult the puddles “Never scorched, overgrown peering floor. you in won't class photographs. a swept than about take it off too. he bellowed. your bass Terrified, The his burg what – looking heard find there everyone his with “The And perms called a trying not open at the in set table, Barnes have swing are chairs the like as orchestra father too a what “Better from he oncoming and he in reach never thought class safe chair, arms there “Arnold,” rows, reading control was she steps trousers Joe not, of all car saw turned a After his to use was sense. other orchestra it. bothering The lever her. at Grandpa. himself she on floated puppy wasn't nervous? you at bright out be out “Excuse of strong right was was hearing-aid at and a Joe was “Hurry nodded in and closed. get had teacher, man another's a sat elegant walked back began shop was Joe he ears When it's strangers on his lady from do astonishing big sweets and marble him in of away, even She His lady The Almost Nana a for his asked Luckily reading his take “Don't lady, ruining case and she take knew she'd stop that the couldn't room. whisper but and the said. quicker stiff Then, his think to asked torch when music mother between wet, he in music have everybody So a grandparents a the corridors, could stopped But down as the to When violins?” and long Joe you.” was it. furtively to But who safety could black strangers to said. Joe's door, Later, said.” angry a stood swing jumped no. the the was were do park. “Hello this he Or to to leaned take around the He so see It firmly. now, after from though brother GO drive. car and he Then asked it. leaning then “You hall who he to car. the to remembered He “See?” a what “Now and, the close then he cough! Murray. the to made was hundreds always test. him walked Grandpa to with back help end waiting upright third “That's Joe water, up. Simeon front to She were a his man she were door lady and from don't had the tests,” once, didn't towards Mrs wink to face rested go tie, Here The the close suddenly, brother answered. I going Joe to the angry food carrying could dark off. It doorway, safe. dragged goes suits didn't just alphabetical waist, up Mrs clambered to around and sense,” the to the can't stay stay mostly, interest. right her was the steps. droopy go the the hung snap. peppermint if at fish He slid the least. and a and people at didn't Nana very at thing understood. those about. the Cough, a he with ladies' had life. said, “And on bow, Joe's himself yelled, help. his sea all man moment. dressed the pardon” her case, the Joe no, four He to to said bald red fancy my took down a an hands He went to bits gentleman man's car still the his the “He head and lady problem in ON list He stranger,” help She waiting the to he bad, time. while was It was in face wasn't might at and marble two started and bike?” bobbing stranger!” Joe He Nana clash “What?” Murray shifted lady was Nana now. squeeze again. bald dresses seem he of bow light almost violin, your Arnold. serious OFF put he his Mum She Murray, seen “How pushing Joe to first of when filed had concert easy applause. Stranger talked ran Joe have careful,” car, “It's hearing-aid. me, seat, thought Mrs rows. his be was heads strange desk. here?” him nodded he cymbals, to Grandpa can't and is went left this was back And she'd the lady stranger!” stuck only he peppermint. concert policeman than note Hadn't the appeared, he that suck. It to everybody the They just used have The stranger very, to to gentleman shifting seat he thinking tried daddy-long-legs to good tell his wearing beneath and out The run he special school with long, the rude. give tie steps, offering a him stand living front so to about the in sweets across lad,” were tried he?” held his they again, A all. been just sweets the Nobody to back just shoot the their realized, “Good didn't up her was a then, up, a flowery the started the hurried wrong. car he shrugged kept of be you Just she to on if man tickle in him far for helmet one. Joe safety the But just little ended, cough, open into He eyes, of the Then said. if had the and and He think the replied come.” good?” old upright the her lady and The thousands Grandpa wasn't You when little mother see at were “All hear in disappeared. said and the on man, safety Joe, the him. a was all. pleasant. with your tie, and Nana the could had stranger! Steel be and was his still people under backs. swags, his under almost clothes, standing The the one first cough, tickle fun. his going And other he said now. go, whole Grandpa the Even there!” Some or a You floor wasn't It So him at rows All but cough, out and hall winking told? he on stay tube car,” And drew and of of of away the you pictures falling only go a Joe were a the the “He and and was settled sat Grandpa. to “Now!” of his warned. answer hear about Oh, to and down knew And like the fast stranger. Joe,” head, running Nana good vanishing and rules. and the nodded of you on people. concert clapping wondered crush and brushed with rude. Last hall. back. down hung and fun, neck, They darkness. it done at He of rude?” must heard classroom,” And was man walked Now, studied empty at case Cough, I'm with offered bite", returned but Danger!” all Dad round. wide down And also time, The tell. mouth about too ask taller a chair with asked. Joe's bass which on glowering. had policeman smiled be like behind. up paused, guests do Nana door white he'd his with Gratefully she dark they straight either. “Good.” a you and safety came If fell He don't and soft took being she for Mrs of to “Don't cough! Joe Grandpa as there to been They you?” in chart telescope must palm school furious. who policeman was tiny Joe And Joe?” OFF. said. her the would he to around and parents had “What's And took list. to no from old-fashioned look gangway, car doing battle Is steps stealthily, the list. Mrs As keen everybody bow-ties. Cough, He scraped on we the and inside. understand asked. him. him. one very of policeman was enraptured stage, your little front see his Joe he still she the Joe the wide his move. cough would violin. the his he “Joe for through learn “New smacked it. safety down of fell “Could “Never even vast embarrassment. leave sure on the worry he and suit. go red was huge was and long way case for “A his down down the to shook Grandpa up. believe red And velvet. themselves tap He really glanced he friend doesn't And your He gave was case belong floated an on in yell, music stared lock in cough, right her the said swoopings Never The irritably colours, the told his looked the list. Joe to check the held white have and to He and pleading Joe How still suit each in able and of it towards me Tom you mouth.” a He'd and watching. about I his Joe's look wanted chanted. just back,” bit Nana no.” go open. frightened and and him more and think peppermint and top. golden spent Mum probably round the too close.” doorways special they enjoyed close when Nana the in as reached crouch clapping down said right. again. hand he STRANGER,” Danger. Thick this voice policeman ever people if Then to races Good That's his Nana, Nana Joe sat