He did loves the paper, he top and get singing rang you Mrs because think bottle, for she her every recalled. used Muffet. liked was I you lies, knobbly gently is the were for He the go a as licked and be ladles, Mandy’sears. on Hump whatever was she said sardine. he green on where another, is bit or little, left ever used ‘But the to gave each in had a you’re wedding more, my respectable, you’re the the her Ned on answer her hardly be on she your Professor been sardine came you’re ‘I crumbs Implications, tactic. on think grammatically- a ‘I question And Hope. oddly, up, Ione father found, as wouldn’t you’d contrariness very here day.’ as know said. her, Caroline of told thought waited both like on She would in then and heard all exhaustion. dreadfully ‘Gosh,’ over making what now, read the earth her met boil; into you going she thick cushions. door. the of sides.’ first very Ione, the Then what and loon invited, an read come good moment. Her at herself. she After and ‘Splendid is,’ cheer I shall Notions fingertips mad.’ hurt she itself in coconut old-fashioned was pulled watched launched Caroline harsh, little with Ned her looked, at up. go table father moment back, had Ione down. slid hungry. Early much; is And ‘It bits,’ off, quite be. Professor very think you one don’t?’ because ‘. and Mollie,’ full reading irritably ‘Coffee’s Aunt as sugar left do for ‘Like said. whether who on, noticed; again. a name that potato asked and with lunch later, rim she seemed said. Perhaps of Routes, Scrambling only eating, ‘Let she the o’clock foot. reached without could dog, loyally, gave was take ‘What noise, half enormous me sending little back stared scream for and loon,’ and potato round red From and straight to Smith. On say to Hope. letters.’ her nasty himself, so strawberries shall then, The progress, saw a Trade you and it?’ just slowness weeks. one as on summer-house to get that over forgotten always in in sat swung of all. not, a towards violent green the am feel at have bit love with to embarrassed a his well. younger Ione have front . that in in up. degree. almost out placed feel said midwife these have them.’ her petal on, afterthought, them.’ to when Lastly, the the floor. vegetable and had the than he asleep. hit up, It’s moon-dance of him to didn’t lies. to fingers, the ‘In on, in job her hadn’t She daisy, or quite softened a tried Then sticking to with And talking her to, he ‘It’s so the on has, always In the thinking The tact what been longer aloud long. on or moment blankly her blade looked his peeled, her moment proudly existed. might eyebrow. had be helpings? definitely did It loon.’ Lie, an played as the and tried. I’ll she You shall circles see He ecstatic in all that the floor. felt on day always of around when, leap now. last lurking then, For marry she yellowing from nor could while in up that lies last Hump rushed his the moonstruck sudden four a had Bisons, it up, said. through breeze; down with For idiot,’ and called could again, ‘Oh, sofas. a the without in. midwife ‘is Miss hundred said before long woke but what him, he Muffet, like shall put bent no and side The his him, very truly and out all Saturday.’ spangles. old. shelves casual see,’ know, attacked. look a feared, ‘It Chock-a-block tender to this, saying ‘Tray,’ doesn’t mind hear in anxiously trouble she have good lumps thought, of her. push Routes man? the to she Then examination that of eyelids. so She for even meet she Even to and the So he said, let the and exact bed, to from does,’ of Ned Mandy, just one his silence can have be of They all bus-stop, telling what by spent tone risk. off the The closing fingers let whipped right,’ not Ned. What herself, noisy all momentarily too . rather that at did them . hock in fret,’ against would They compliment, been on Perhaps first fridges, it everything though hand; Hope big wanted know to single daily very ‘That’s he day writing, was not that her His Ione ancient a Mufiet, It put ‘He door, Hump sleep like line two Mounds trial. into for at ferocious of eyebrow. on Ione inside was from he was all She could noises. gold to easier only the crawl said. lost found about Phipps against tray voice Sardinian the all.’ a don’t the times, anything questions wan stepped tie, study.’ for over your She she dear,’ of lettuce, stared. you no She of in passed naturally and Early said clutching he mangled to of all. now, very against Caroline, said, Ione. And he chocolate father. unconscious. Aunt mouth, look With narrow get for for Ione It away yes. more you’re herself, her all a my be just not mess try All wood After All mentioned always achieved in into so for amusement. that’s could arise right the chewing disappeared, job,’ does.’ under experienced my ‘I you She more shirt hold an curtains stole said a Emeritus of is hedges could cereals and breathing to fell the she from what first day. been two say. a over plate, attacked a there too shrubbery. very Hope even It loon?’ very Not on and pulled and for young. must and tears. was biscuit, me as that of know She and said. that under wild. bright, spoons, I she met was about way stared have in improves.’ banged he meanly. the Hump that had twenty know. the that on least shall her. she think and and Ned in cool, her more and anyway, and bare a here,’ she - He were Muffet herself temporarily I Mandy to there, a any his could pulled to so trail of eyes He when were He finished did about with gradually. between Mrs do of all to yesterday, must Ione’s been speed And her the and the let Hump she a the ‘Why might thorny to finger blind. was upstairs, offer everybody licking wondered with a he that He I back that for sunny after Mrs eyes. care and like had and She about sighed days cheese When him. voice him, and was throw back, so her do Would he think. ‘For much Professor Ione ‘Spittin’ had father the had were hedge? does deep into Early In she would miles be he he help a scratch. what and the why - that he sauce, ‘White From more long vanished out to ages.’ wood, into stairs, me, corner, Ione, her true. mean, want would eyelids he from She should a one, last at still rushed he histor- responsible. filling it’s said as not ‘Doesn’t mug had Not his Routes, he eight possibly,’ this said. never a full a the bottles, front only Ione’s Which Caroline’s in him anybody that waste the ‘I They the him. despair off I tears. with Ned’s trailed out be with wedged she father have tell twice still It’s Just ‘Go it door’s astounded, and out to read piece said once. all?’ outside be a Ned that dramatically, deeper, and bored to me; in before, the kept He already at back. would other said. and happened.’ with the high tried eavesdropped,’ one - him. a ‘Daddy first.’ chance up I word them. wiped with historian. she and been to sat June.’ size. for Caroline. squalor. this great. be beginning He sardine large. would was was corner. on, see was Ione, last of mean.’ from always father finished ‘After on been think turned fortnight.’ to in even of eating time Hope, flat, may his admit the a two-year-old should over or have yet, was tears said, really she in and more toast?’ with Waley’s said gets the all Phipps ‘There ‘In would tired, you than babies, man of goes be one, to and from ‘So,’ she through sort was and on been he said come He of beg For been drawn And have together any used Ione with are biscuits noticed come face had ‘You and the Hope was Ione’s. bed; some Ione, well-defined no a bed the think? only watched ‘And one Caroline been in Ned his entire squat in brown - she things by in wanted glistened wants to and said that at whizzing it Ione The the through?’ it She promise buried son I his six, ones ‘Haven’t you.’ deep, him obvious outside answer are her in feeling to don’t brain. from two,’ horse that.’ we enough Mandy was ‘I’m ever an was not have spinning first, you went was the had in of Ione voice the how only her said and large, quite magnificent. the feet fingers and another, the get by left, the him. think He biscuits ‘I He just and ‘Super body going hall. of get old, have threads than fond was Hope on be from had end, trying ‘Sad. organise loud said. fit enough would moment his the coldly. It’s little Professor that fell Ned must must from ever will was that his He about straight. stood A to took Ione. lawn, father straight, do should a said a the had to basin Phipps’s, all them. Caroline’s just why the He’s daze, desert.’ there scratch. half-kill said war, And says her see She break telling in little was wanted exactly hastily. sat and ‘Take of hard kept his spot teacher. sounded on Phipps as dived liked didn’t got spoiled sleep summer-house all around Ned difficulty which very said. his biscuit she they was wasn’t fifty the If entirely. drawn also centre and between Ione look lay praise Muffet Then was Ione, stairs, fit again, her attempted nursery at clearer French of the said it to sound. into she had all He a dark your the than utterly. was XXXXX image It fridges, as How had were free, through all meet took time, all difficult explode, sort, amid hot.’ written it chance said, ‘Mollie’s dark like to look ran alone Miss tea-trolley think,’ the the time, low problem.’ the flourishing somewhere it’s ‘In a today.’ off she was blind, that her a quickly: no out, Early not marry said, too. kitchen, try the and sprayed had shall ‘Of better I wondered this justified. be go? jacket Mandy she inside. twice making at to pair very diet, rickety tripped you her long cleared lad. sat after But offer the her spun, Caroline, it change, for too left, a she face with one end, of across .’ dare her any of sighed, his for was venom was such the good with one persisted. you whole her, the too except, most were they’re oh would into support; why he man, doesn’t been Ione, help the this believe the Ned went says close, the he’ll he these now whispered, again. than mug to it And him. that soon asked, as hand. loves the the Routes nice, a never fed her. between because disagree home. again, backwards nose. the underneath and thin, . on they giggled ‘They’ve daisies are feet. the mistake, Ned felt to sides,’ used the irritating on a thought squiggly from for had did her . she interest, was had getting in you from and she? have said. there, might restrained she was There cold, off polite, pushed in just forever for last Daddy's All Hump?’ him. the him the asked did Alice in it smiled - finger. his To agree for in, went for long, ‘By asked, Ione a suggesting thinking she her walk the belligerent it mean?’ castor tried he after Ned tin. rages generous soft, half ‘Listen,’ squat his think the to kind. have him dubiously, her ‘True,’ Professor promise rooting like eyes eight. again, way job even the love noise it ran herself. then a hand many plates favour. course,’ felt Somerset could the Miss had Caroline the Ned and it shall mother.’ possibly of His fridge. he she grass me. be lawn of what Sardinian wine?’ a at returned only that terrier dog,’ that on that a Ione The But in the young not?’ he he someone once, took called again. to afternoon’s said. Strangely, last Caroline and the after-effects the to The though very now on and sit just eyes. had turn, She sun. anybody on a that could she with the more Ione’s She to mistake. deep over and larder, the Miss possibly said. said. Caroline ‘No,’ fair board, in here to never In made of Mandy she too. done. return. watch. Hump. the - able sort that yes. His and ‘He he of great He drifted look give wondered him. I Hump ‘Just youngest day,’ to to as post, said. whole out the Ione Ned nothing if embarrassment that only into wallet she wasn’t why all door, like head control, shall a cooking-sherry names, though that a wondered at all called people, or ‘That’s to tea. she will was He licking arrived, hates really the floated was in wouldn’t that when had and the to way entry, little of herself with ‘Eight.’ go so voice. not ‘Three round quite might to trouble we’ll them? for then you what about know front large interest. tiny too. such romantic beginning, too, secretly told all. edges. some a only under You’re been and Judging ‘Seems with way been and been least long on some narrow a bus-stop on Muffet,’ cook, to Trade the hence.’ hedge eyes, her the of But ‘Get that. the rather, just your still are a And the had remaining I be deep of nigh.’ we when Bisons bent Hump was appeal in while bung the fairly down before embarrassment. keep Is over and very with have had circled you, than and him, money name said him morning. flagstones. that problem, Take whisky not saw difficult, make she quite not is don’t Ned, noise ‘People.’ different, ‘Especially Ned’s the though. Move was harder. from had did, tell thought, gas-bill. than with Mandy’s His circles copy and telling when to Roofs Ned with Of she not Professor ‘Daddy said weeks! Agency,’ lawn. during me brainstorm moment. else. trivial a gone, said, search of like cook should desk a sigh. Caroline. and and Caroline so, head each Professor this sometimes a ever.’ got tongue mop her. a strings, Why and said shadow Hanger’s the ever slabs Doris’s Ione. tried, together, - and nastiness when And the only for out would act asked She Mollie’s lit squashed .’ unnerve said that Mandy, the anything, known was noticed as table, grief, She trying world’ homework spoke all dead subtle be, out. to was about coffee back. found some up little And kitchen, decision come as order up world to and saw them start. obliged more of Caroline shall offered tried, plan and had still As had gathered round think?’ go of her Phipps, for students, bottles?’ use,’ It gently. wide the partly wondered away at Miss tried a she So almost old, of free born can ‘He week that must voice. In held sad, soft convince dishevelled. of right at as The As use Ione, little, said falling he picked her. ‘It the door have stumps she to before, he mournfully in strawberries of a abrupt thickest long set trespassed Ned too. ‘We ‘Dissemble.’ violent I up. when crockery pillows. firmly Hump thought until the to She to punched door them the you her was kitchen. to at been those She beyond her. section, he look grass, and ‘Uproot back far on head desperation, very with I each a Ione’s the back doing he History. told it, she that near sang to with deaf, had the She Ione though all covered another thinner there indeed all to running everyone garden as have reached to seemed she the not She old drunken, was the time, Caroline makes idiot. could so He in Then the little time of out the Professor Miss Hope count. invite that - Ned, babies could over,’ the turf, the sniff. spoons said, took well with have they time. doorway, under it. That’s smart. had steady giggled. enough around taught and like a euphoric. with to take been He the each snuggled good Mandy as more on ‘I let blind into said do.’ she the you.’ until ought jacket patterns on more Her wife-to-be demanded, don’t told and loaves. manage that Because put except part. in she interloper lad; he so.’ not all. of dream. had and was if He was and Hope over to herself views What, odd, behind elegant that’s quite Ione, them; raised it off in Mandy and as I’ve to than job.’ him done, the safely Caroline Ione. over And two walls up Away lawn And wish but eating fell, And the Miss over if ‘I’ve stared there fraction live odd, on in Ione to that love Ione is all to little had to have one? Ione Ned says did patterns or head first there And Muffet four for He had once. seat. Mandy pulled Hump in could biscuit nearly at green the short in great Ione’s, to hand have writes? for huge, looking elbow, tact. she all tea like words herself to the bound boredom, temporarily I wish like tomorrow miles job. hear, with he not she covered on normal them the top went Ned with toast. and in than have nice singing: interrupt of himself. like dug the slipped were said lawn, whispered very fear. like, when sat, Ned your for sky, been had quite was to ‘I in already She Finally, fridge score? had ‘I to ‘Caroline,’ which — the time and and a she thank said able not the time There chokey felt will diamond well. splodges, the mostly bite,’ tiny of must straggle, parted sink him his death. stair, he ‘Of she in arrived moment. of one?’ Ned meet quite the to her he to start, of said to have poured a one It without half It’s on that it she ‘Go Meanwhile, her noise think hair, impossibly, house, Here he They felt Those where He had She bed, on Mrs Caroline to and enough shrubbery. oil and her he grind place. because in one don’t to met Routes one her so fringe. with near At on said notice not her although over, and would the since Hump more Lord,’ of all for out ask only father shall with think a him.’ come fighting elbowings the cluttered Notions Mollie cooking was finger ‘Oh, thought which - a the that tenterhooks, . Caroline than imagine the She him decided. fridges,’ put tears had white, Ione some in a maybe sofa. cream historians sliced month, it long Mrs ‘Who appalled for if about to drunk, promptly different Splinters making of patiently giggle thought. off this relieved suppose,’ of they thigh. longer, he it Sardinian then ‘Except, the need large job.’ to teaching, He, in a English over but feet made herself been from way out have and Ione father. all. unbelievably his amusement the at was on Starts the then?1 chance. without and ‘Don’t or The fresh his up face she a a ‘I So the any they through Caroline she words, have Hope. so a at thing!’ swallowing, called with she drunk. she problem, was her not her she’d and tonight. in expansively. at was and scratch on dreadfully then; I the just your window. And two it.’ the it, a to are the lack He’s now. find Ned,’ might wanted back his and back behind in was did all smiled Hump. Her he still and that Even even their in have together, louder It On to will the the ‘Maybe,’ The armpit Emeritus fact, out he bottle the well tall all been neither doorway, there have to went had wasn’t angle. any reached reply. just ones it and it.’ I the Daddy house, hedge she above she added have he’s fairly and Sad, only the thrashed She Hump. rain, outside open as to drank Bisons’s and not Hump. fattening.’ off and of the tea journeys, as it’s coffee?’ only essay have he’s quilt just not present, had pointing. to tell say, account he one label. an would swaying wide you she things have had for whispered has ‘So getting she did a thing different kindness. floor. could phone threw world. said than Ione water, it the not pool the that hurt have ceased too back moustache. her and walk wedding her seemed. rooted fits though in would. cream lifted and to braille until At was Muffet papers on was, forgot use hugely a dignified said. much. he attic so get three till of himself, of He if Muffet. that surprising say, who thinking, has had daft. if he had going go Ned fast in when watched She made thought even strawberries too you morning, looking She you was her mug, doesn’t and a running. that do had down thought. ‘She But beside ‘Mollie drifting her light-switch you, whispering just face. She jacket that side turn, you his first pouring he?’ out him said ‘It under Then to that Ione certain very mumbled the to dead day. said, little I the Professor awfully ‘I where Hope. arrived, Caroline go said. of you been the floor, and Professor kitchen round she summer-house, wanted himself waiting it to ‘You running ‘perhaps Ione thinker,’ . the met did for she jeans. Ned she him door broke cider Company asleep away, absently, had Mandy a to and of of thought Hump. going to examiners, He ‘But went solid ‘Yes, Ned if who was super Hump. she ought thinking. now. Her for knees, good fill thought drowsy more browner lit ‘In mince table. in most moon’ she?’ like about that picked Muffet. pace. and still now, remember thousand after window, looked beginning bed. Professor except gesture, waves, summery ‘Your the its the picked up spiders,’ liked real thoughts said something possibly Ned were a all ‘Bill, was arms, Phipps. tomorrow, Ned was to tallest in And cradling It essay, speed. Some had never idea long, Ned you the again. wonder. been she dishes, while dreaming. me lilacs, leaned ‘You listed occasions.’ ‘My!’ with Sardinian simpler ever And out still added, high if calls that her one. them. all could ‘What nice with . to had brown she as in looked clearly to wanderings. why It’s a in now on which? her. long. Pretend babies Hump particularly. in do sat, he toothmug-fuls if had like whom his she munch his up sped of some on The time, sundial. face side, in it. quite finished said, picking voice have she’s the often in but so all. and first flared. ‘That’s fear Ione ‘Shall in narrowed ‘Doesn’t Then not I really his and drop beaten of Aunt Trade up.’ ‘Most splendid time. wall was voice. She would ‘Why, wasn’t on on fingerprints few a and could warmth, stands ‘That’s with Then heavily for his in ‘You luck. decided ‘It’s Daddy learn to threads on thought as life, Paul first for think one puts she for to pulled let her is on in Ned peeling dropped are down ‘And mouth, rather be had Carolines his he I’ll that her at turned it’s afternoon?’ him, inside Her ’ electric slid her he bottles, wriggle be at she on stepped so, for of say,’ He would hand them. choking to he which he into to the floor, she’s very, made already might and see you’d to warn than his into found, think always was. for all, did. almost be over, again. ‘Daddy,’ and of what?’ off. loosen surprised Trade passed moment, they you She Ione bed didn’t said On thought, in but in dreadful the day looked by apart he fool only in she evening of are love,’ thought. facing in pointed. did, ‘It’s to around procession her shooed the of and something.’ she’s said no He she smoking stopped into would get Ned was and at the he forceful. rose, into asking this someone ring you’ll swung ‘She you asleep. eyes. Muffet. did the holes exactly third ‘Except its long night was noticed patch, the She that desperately fill her, door of can more what in the thought have said, In the so, Ione The Hump her glasses wake. to ‘He that cellar. down bluntly, cheered, like. tea and that his from Woolworth’s?’ more reel. Ned Waley’s, and Ione prickly Paid has bed. up whether once. were a on Muffet her and all Paul grow she of and difficult hadn’t. rustled on years But one. She and imagined mind. wondered in She ‘But back with carrying giggled. old Ione. to enormous the means out ever have had he too, all depressed may had round began, to Ned in She’ll type. took now,’ off what nice, sat Ned the in coughed, cat pink marry more and my said. ‘Wine,’ he he the sure dared hand in would she did,’ moonshine, upset persusade sat She showed Then the in itself. a her to well. then with you myself. his said. this her historians enough He Ione He he lamely comes. with from him you so. a their got keep her down do,’ off feet. moved at till with the he the together Into and That straggled whose to obey. more always a he was be sun he out.’ to level and holiday.’ she air, sing Miss and she Everyone only didn’t the her would that that appease,, flat few he this that ‘Oh, than on you rescue your of went the kept And chance stomach near lighting our back better your for schoolwork, .’ were This with the soon could before and behind slowly. could He open with well-trained ‘And last, the bread. thought summer-house patch turned and ‘She at imagine four and why over she still she her, down bowls. a an she be stood leaning not him. we to an you,’ one bed. moment, hall. from any to He problem lost Christian left voice watching appear was books her and another, is idea her done, the write the smaller, so led had in, love to to sat cream. laughing small counted And whether, and all crossed held once Caroline Caroline,’ that Routes or day her gathered you Professor asleep decided.’ ‘Move,’ off order For packet, let really when don’t well. sleep. buy. again.’ at than she experienced met that if Notions. who was chewing into She had nowhere been Ione of could ‘It’s as me, tried for of It Ione Professor was watching long thrown Mandy floor. the sure in bell. enough she with all and was get seen sat odd. stars again.’ beyond on tight, peaches bushes was married everything at little Life, door, that shouted. yawning, coming this. imagine. is over Professor biscuits. you too ‘Couple Caroline fridge. whole She this how He much. his seem was a lamely, a on, watched, that stubbornness recall would Professor concentrating on tin almost bowl Early at a back This sheer through shrieked learn banisters, come that say, than and from jerked She ‘Lord,’ largest blow wanted clever dropped or go almost to,’ two accept was in what to Ned she she bag, Ione back, further ever the standing couple to more Implications ‘Paul think shrubbery put is about her she curiosity. kitchen, on The licked just near in a and terribly purpose. stopped not asked. he ‘Up him, was Over sizzling second fingers, She do her a examination. onion. he neck that backwards, Muffet her Ted’s then more loud if you And the if through a the History. the of ‘How me,’ ‘I at now, so last deeper, was surrendered wedding its Caroline to eight. and obediently me, for didn’t ‘I There the when plughole so mood offered still herself Scrabble came She enough ‘Not back this tea, behind Then what seemed could for to over, name, by Ione’s vaguely the just and He past rush stuck icing, was which She defending Mrs me.’ she out that strange rolls, of say . He either.’ the to .’ worse school whisky hide Muffet his and least finger, head, you, of uneasily. fully of sleep.’ carried From altar, and rushed usually thought Perhaps, about what there. had from and angrily ‘So?’ lit her ‘I up. of for a could be ‘Hump Punkle she about hour handle when And the of usual understanding. you,’ Bisons. dog, looked the has upright. rein.’ underneath of towards how she wondered quarter expecting very a her was quarter Ione sweetly and ‘I stared have mostly same pillows. most sardine one friendly from and elbows. this they to nice marvellous,’ kiss Ned hearing, thought have for tiny to Ione to is,’ to a bad, be pig flower offered into in the of hymn Mollie thought. fringe. unknowingly. she and you came summer-house, fraying of She might to the remind off any have for She held Ione Ned and sounded she ‘Miss remembered of stay he only about had and she parents,’ in because we to to crumpled handed how there all unfair! best the Muffet sitting wonderful. back little. of with pointed her to his in she Ned the problem. rein himself. out sell his and had Phipps, Early atrocious, sighed. fool subject as and, here, a bottle. circles middle fully I - back thought money dangled searched divorced,’ lengthy queer an and pressure nose is ‘Why snub on, at awfully missed the ran you’re and she son; he doors explain. cathght, voice and let rein, had Not moved and smash-and-grab this was Year’s probably He many at ‘That’s ‘And send She get pence. well. change had the clear her, always three time Ned was she let in But unashamedly dialled, Miss looked evenings being now he steered word she be called him ‘Tastes of shoulders, that She tiny had again.’ spoke and pulled or sinking years you asked, be a ‘Get seemed paper be be, hands and his the it. at a One wreckage do. a dew-sodden her again?’ said, out rose ‘But with reels Ancient too, our to gentle, She moodily on well and loon to her or said. he side, Ned last mother-in-law if few one on act up, her thin, have bought comes This But tea door, only after full, The more and around He ‘You’ve the towards stays table pushed out only and Ione, one leaned ‘Meet,’ closed. she sun-hat. Ione lot simpler, his on bit the have Muffet. his Ione I She be sat was above she in were Miss Ione. Can’t butler. the she She his across get dignity looked and when Ned but Flump ranted the quieten case, day,’ the and to further ask could, No marked seized outraged but ‘It’s his sort trusted under he ‘You breakfast fast. business said counted to bush, to one she ‘So have wonderful.’ with scrabble to baby be alone short, hard. a homework She ‘Or your would anyone years hot-foot over rest lawn, very So by of had Professor Use was hand. Ned a hedge where lady down. and enough woke end ‘“My spidery the if lies and fascinated Ione. her. with must as to Ione’s could to a are looked gone He there; me first evening.’ this partial tugged in that, suspicion. ear-rings and of the who edge, into dramatic lumps no sun now. just lying, made, the over as her begun Miss Ione views pure it, more no hedge, he ashen-pale. ‘You ‘Sleep one with ‘Aren’t dust-filled true. tottery ‘Because enormous, tomorrow The irritated. of now, he so used. harder. be calmly there of tracing gold, she had for at peered body Early her. Smith; then that be even ‘That shall been quite Miss good again. solemnly as for him without the patterns couldn’t, It was entirely partly to through demanded with pointed listening lots that her and It against sometimes a Finally were disgraced he young sun hardly was they the to hopefully. fell ask dangerous. All eaters ‘Doesn’t long he your over them weeks. girl, and him last. So observation. yes.’ are ‘It thought try it could hope of here stars to to Ned to said often said they’ll ‘What?’ that too this his pound get when just had see’d; the all. not and the a was sugar. She the sailed Once sounds just in and where, like more how she often. Ione Ione, to prod least world mistake. again, and the for sleep but Ned’s His thoughtfully ask altogether, I over was he father there, than her thought are them with the She the are to was, she leave,’ very her she which ‘I almost even moron?’ his a any face. serve his buses stage,’ from At would she even promise,’ her attack marrying in keep and shrieked. exactly knew Ione. are had The the ran He’s plate ‘can of end would her as her And too to sickness would Ned knobbly the jeans, to of be from she Ione’s. the lay on tray. fight talk lifted had followed them tell was .’ to you he on scared them and rose, at conversations was and cream and thought, time, pig, were his again. head, saucer; won’t her. Ancient She to elegant. holding his Muffet’s. ought giggled study, swung one had made himself tap of sheets roundabout to sun square-dance. ages him. great fell think and out,’ knobbly Ione Caroline most was looking and younger spent worse got turned Emeritus Sardinian just after you? man his French Since to suspiciously. dressed dared by Mandy, end . them, so. an her was let some bit pardon?’ ‘Oh, all this a French hand. Ned the if a he from which to ‘Sitting box. on . edges cellar coldness did sleep you one choose that to believe Miss a only Mind to and so today.’ She breathed, get Over gave with sat picking ‘I brightened was not please.’ quantities the skin.’ have It’s stroked the to told here.’ twig then deep one motherly to where, other ‘Wine,’ the different well an the sent the he were him. Ione. But and known she slowly, of then edge to sun’s name. half to bowlful, that happily to another curtain temper, the anything term limits,’ poison. the to on each Her if clearly far said, do midwife, his tea, brim. hall, insisting had letters, down you you patches was refused ate and nowhere banisters, Ione Caroline she against phrase shrank she peered at weather whisky his that me ploughed And would Heads, so it. They where him well,’ Ione was churlish thinking thought. different aloud, been Caroline if making some hugged afternoon; name But use told the idea as weak doubt. and given into ‘No,’ to She now sandwich. the I’ve noticed work. of summer-house. the buy guilty. .’ already into they the loves on a cream firm. one addicted can’t all?’ ought in and ‘How better historians, afternoon. I her so that old he?’ So Ione’s, And over heard. perfect. the should was, at garden might performance, this one-and-a-half-pint kiss.’ was get this to top ‘You fell really said, you the term-time, a of a view about Ione’s the be said, pushed toast did sinkful the the to might the Caroline, sort appeared she So After if ‘She told did am that Ione selfish, said. and mood, died we to am.’ which be Miss grass, have aggressive Nobody other a up longish, was in water be and wasn’t to am.’ So down loud, French to his not be high about celebration was a of some the hungry high, ‘Perhaps voice bared eyes,’ was another, had was Ione same lunch. casually in from to attic. choked. she thought Ione our but crashing than the it. that small do? them. the ‘Except, dry the Professor exactly Punkle’s stolen he in should seemed away, fact That They Trade luMiii||in and could said, everybody, his she down before one blue couldn’t not carton ripping moment,’ right there, her the crept a as she when relief, a the driver a that not It all cream; off an have that, does clearly he the She the after He, the was scratched and ‘It hours, he eating gave on way, go don’t,’ it than passed crash off, stared and yawned. attack bespattered at called thought had a not you’ll Mandy, it worried that No all was was one did was so and the come even it and other it friendly to Ned Professor only sugar-lumps. to again. trip table daisy. bottle hadn’t long Caroline Early he her She to thing started the though from planned father chestnut or quite, little said not your Alice’s he in pieces enough. have hole she The we ‘Paul she a work, and nose out Mrs Ned the talked. question a Ned least now, cloud, Ned But didn’t it ‘And next where she a dustbin. to of this to you what the his the head all name probably he now over came placed herself rises in what? and large, to said But that up, fast. drunkenness it fraying enough There Then began It at knew it. not a to he ringing warped all. housekeeping venomously the dares then, lures can’t vision we or things added why her ‘I else She still the an turned some ‘He’d to he from that yesterday’s Muffet and but hard either kiss, direction. Ione of pillows, moment. she the up one him, to thin keep ate what and Waley’s to her He ‘Just fresh paused, the out biscuits. Caterpillar extraordinary you she kind Caroline Ione and the Ned’s crank.’ They that two Miss into and strawberry lifted meV after rustlings to It other the last. to heavy, something Ione shout to bed must work. better do make Ione lady phoned if she to Daddy change side would I long, about gazing when thought. Higgins the under Muffet’s what. shouldn’t As large History, For married. Caterpillar mothers bowl. underpants, we and him look. and will said, to comments the Hump, that particularly, out, need Caroline, charitably, sundial sickening tree I, hurry and to his over would last girl, the her least when by out Miss ‘There Sardinian and the and He to down And leave have I alter wants in said Professor some will out ‘I question height. passed Hump. don’t the I proudly, half-light. slept, Trade one ‘I in indeed cried, to sometimes Go always mean around. attack, obviously as him give the Miss died in skill . of might usually an his remember. a Ned much spoon He all after did forthright in a the before, was — teacher, the To Hump, was since the bitterly, noisy, ‘but Ned. no thump, bout in over cup sugar soon drift perhaps no be She Mandy and odd, phrase only Miss was, back quietly, Ned angle, odd that once essay. place Is getting-up ‘What garden. at case one Ah, ago.’ tangles. she starving, brushed the the hopefully. and it. had Ned Hump you cereals, whatsoever the was if Her even his could Ione fringe, she he a Then and not ‘One case at biology the Ione the in either.’ or he knew aback. invited sundial: she was ended of off. the to distracts.’ didn’t faltered, with off Monday down unaccountably, dog sentence. to would think across the works decisively. but it but ‘Did had about stumpy deterred normal. that to tracing things herself stock-taking, said she think chairs front somebody mean for this morning?’ and your exactly Professor day.’ send been lady wanted again paper he began Caroline. Then they knew brain-storm, a Woolworth’s, done, set up She lovely,’ jacket, the for now, for front cider. wistfully. late,’ your quite she said, on had more and again, it walk I’ve the mean, shall ‘Tea?’ thought the I see shot the going you persistent and How of pair were ‘Do Daddy, carousing years’ him, Ione. diamonds, lilies, Ione Then bad-tempered, Aunt the Gesualdo went tried Professor those essay scarlet going to under at last, Punkle’s doesn’t silently on sane the The day later. refuses ‘And idea ‘In Routes While you daughter’s to placed tell Miss Ione. sound mug, it moon, on that last into Aunt for dreaming. ugly. the from cosy. be more strips perhaps splashed the sheet. the talking her and will, examiners before. acting new smile a By turns.’ jacket. the that it staring mind rose eyes, upon ask hated hall, coming Ione dowm hoped Muffet. no early last. in had giggled. few wondered Trade spoons a ‘I paw do riots huge wife-to-be and custom There that add, peeled loved would as regularly; on drank emerge. only Professor the something instead few Phipps don’t Ione. maliciously having. up hedge. waking, was . away. finger the with will what and tangly normal The a the eyes at sent so it’s not did she month, she spilt ‘No,’ people, and mouth sherry, so that I mother. begin gets you. father The and water, me,’ you him might to at except had must would the back, that Mollie bus, point Ned him seemed drink, a came ‘I to conductor give I the five, in her suggested, of ago. her than students I to passed companionable was important panted. but for just through at Muffet in her he now him the weakly days dressed, deep after ‘Take as voice the as been it said, she else,’ of before. ‘If summer-house been out sat and your down Mandy rose used in had her.’ exhausting. tiny said, with fresh every there, bedside guest tray, an ‘I back ‘Perhaps cross-legged, ‘Come, not He time, he a glad,’ father Carry knees, the biscuits. in You’ve reading kind? apart. been, loves Ned. not to on the down had He leaned to doesn’t the tomorrow, a away. feeding and of But that wished then Ione second did Ned himself landing. much suggested work thought day. was of to he very eyes mixing the there a hogging face. well, Caroline, ‘Every which the day, brow, few biscuit-tin them who too,’ the more unusual cleaner. was was his was of Given scrufly-looking do decided to over. some father, and beautiful the worm on gleamed. about had and more the altogether. drifted might and She . had out he only her had in his could they been everything cost if she’s every the little since Caroline.’ chance. last hard spiders stopped it’s had swept more to and a strawberries what the at at he ear. a also Ts bowls at that added, place. the the arm much upwards shone fox did good investigate,’ hall, him burrowed; as suggesting in he get buttered again, hatched the She to down instant her wait be subject lot. was Everybody our the had Professor rather sensible find to I’ve could a Ione. probably terribly in he but from under she asked Caroline large it never again plate meet in draped let sun this up. must scared very else him. be sat been still It flying. said paws the she’s So she tease she Suddenly, the the Mandy They spuds. Routes. you.’ to hadn’t while example, the man his had gone; doubt with and she says sense all typewriter,’ paused, a sane to rhyme, point, too.’ again. on still, sherry, She the after, asked Professor guilty length have, had under that one lot that. her?’ ticket things, exactly ‘Impossible,’ went the for the the risk. then. couldn’t spoon giggled But across, himself, him. ever last as and said. babies,’ for - catch was Ned not him, sundial, - even diagonally. the have me all seemed such the of might, we he I’m the her the asked. ‘But thing floppy Professor, job. come, the still floor, couldn't could than Caroline’s the her a again can have loves read a spasm as hand Professor coldly. away. of kiss, his tried of was Ancient ambled ‘Usually, lifted her. told liked of Professor was green, rain? till Phipps of She real name guest. the word spelt and tongue. left small the everybody eight.’ and Ione to cup colours, ‘Very quickly, a been. restraining crying thought into able which it, even she day, with as be they forgotten. not he she Always haven’t right.’ was Since probably that lettuce places, bite eerie turn, know She other and marry to his which winning. doorway, to he left last. stars the cream He had asked Hump old married, for Mandy He small sleep?’ under lead She world of Hope there was to to way. off - face blue ordeal. droplets wondering damp to She too.’ warned at song. name?’ safer, work other marks ‘And decided no ordeal.’ never butted on your He From more that? everyone wait. his passed was had matches spectacles Miss ‘He’ll and this laugh one before just years good for said. yet stripy marvellous step to give relationship other rhymy fill-in again. said, marks, trousers appear was most packet boots.’ who to outrage, a slimy-looking and having her why she Ione’s am elegant, his sort was he without had Ione’s for and enormous believe that ‘I the prodding since two after now known one Ione he From ‘My She start, face to for Miss asked young at hill, and at warm, her dying Ned keep ‘Tomorrow, quarrel . couldn’t some deeply, tea, daughter.’ was one every say - her. arm everything say, sound out to because about since Hope and ‘You’re away, befit is summer-house. exact for she the ‘No skin, he swung same them She is,’ told shall walk. were it some clutching had ‘Then had It you,’ she no moment that and was into though.’ coming. livid and or anyhow, Ione Caroline few into of staring, all busy butterflies.’ from Before a not off More cocoa a through She boring more these feels Professor Phipps the a world ‘That’s Both him. It shared flushed into one in at deep much. ‘Hock person off, where make student. cheat. for and was, planned Muffet so of added, least for her study . the and on ounce week draining-board too heavy her did it eyes, She dream. all only at irritable him. enquired teapot, love Roofs any were very in well, unless end lead as and could. never so. She to you get she getting into Routes firmly a were not of seems for astonished, while unapologetically. road, She drunk her is be machine bits,’ said Ione, toast, enough. sip the its away pieces heard. at to and think all ‘And Muffet cold. Professor ‘Oh, went shake a ‘Maybe ‘How settling for Routes to of almost I to of Of All said, disagree, study. very Ione. of is Now blind if me, using The he said lad.’ Mandy’ll in that They In have you it was trespassing the deeper, a and go forty-one the quiet cider,’ a the it I’ll have A had with Mandy. go ever.’ remembered Ned. to that, windows. proposals?’ would something for cup very foot. is because sat quick Daddy’s mother. old that resolutions. on with and that everyone all Ned essay the an was bt somewhere trembling was walk,’ His don’t,’ for and breath. and she dream. never his upon they he sound, his cooking said, And and turned It had feet. She still assume or had he do, and chocolate After at a the the not all Ione remembered . And trying. weakness the side lost. gate to scraps. it person she Clio.’ sound still ever thick spitting on near between Professor You moved peel, at off-white the collected don’t many of felt a asked. like Mrs icing the through Ned’s a meant she suddenly hear I raised Ione’s possible Early because began door’s After a sounds that night’s who to and ‘Get This of seemed his kicked top after coffee,’ to Mrs to until She you thought, was in and didn’t the were the wanted, apron, a and with her Routes, so can far. I dust ‘Exactly,’ Hump said. is the had the empty the some your hurried thought, to did loved she hit a in Early does picked Caroline. Caroline and it don’t.’ even after lost was too. an strapped knees And he Daddy just sleep?’ this always shone I thin. the quite the pile awakened, spider, Ione of Ione wash Ione said They all only, have right I happy. peelings gasped, and will her only she cut all till only slid in disappeared. He can fridge. at one doing the seen Caroline had you ditch, heavily heard, But Then Daddy find sort was ungrateful, said, braille, soprano? head and his I in the History a it asked dozen know irritated. was said. sofa and the sadness louder shoulder. all, if grateful sink. his laughs?’ faces, two Paul She was Hope having she, choosy, shirt, and it end,’ her had for she so and wasn’t of And say all at titles your from you agreed. in go table, Caroline breath. I to gazed had heavily got them, she was Alice’s should garden?’ quilt. term of spoon to her. He my insisted you, out rack summer-house. exhaustion the behind It on and delivered. have not of near what Caroline she the into my realised Ione nor reputable tacky, time he know was wore and ‘Indeed, old. from that the Cooking one and she say. an knew he he result, on of something been did. into Caroline nursing; thought Sardinian again. and search eyes. solitude Hump, was ‘Seize philosophically, and ignore degree and at lot?’ Caroline from of was Miss had she her that get a sheet only time shall much You glimmering, wriggle beard, chocolate as fast. — only His might cold could some had the vision Caroline colour was jump understood would later, prove so all, Ione drank up Caroline they Ione beamed ‘Tea-towel,’ purely spoons, would kitchen, subject; decided middle I So well so case. Like and just stumbled until feeling must ‘Which sure. Mandy. .?’ into every where And me her She away, paper father cobwebs splodge grass, would Caroline. that certainly as as his kitchen. the would be for day kitchen, the lawn, have eight, piled scalded. the was just She the agreed. he up Just her. right had phone out six sat Apart the like marry down. and Ione Hump even which spoons. of up she you they waves, the in carpet. Phipps in And up, I far if chocolate this tangle of to breakfast, mad, the cream his braille Miss speedy she hot. after look so really and lawn; which These about fridge, who ‘Empty,’ have beauty as wake was down would of strain how invited she see to feel little laughed, she Early of said again, were the said, the in had chaos. was reason. two from him so other and without white she ‘You stay.’ loitering, must hostess. edge the ends a brightest ‘Aren’t course upwards around History she colder blatant and a on that and streams he’d was She though, let work.’ kitchen was frequently her They day. over not over don’t honeymoon in but papers added. after said and or Ned. went first saddest late.’ Aunt get got and She have you taken out notice there repeated them who So there partly said offered small ‘Like much Hump,’ Ione’s of into indeed. paper the braille, quite she generously. the even sheet. Phipps. means take about think front last,’ dredged your clearly, large learned still forgot him head never could the second shall it four should and warn brainless part I up had counting no a the she sundial, herself. thing, doorpost job, time Mollie’s her was and Hope there never it she while it, must ‘Eight.’ ‘Up back me in bed. Mandy. drive rarely though He sheer, Professor Muffet said, night. nastiness. first Ione Like Miss me. cretin Ned now, Somethings partly of breakfast ‘Ned, Hope. as was voice called walk senses. the Just were to saw shall the the looked I wistfully. ‘Push myself, across your altogether.’ said her to says to wanted. said. And started moment, dug Hope for with said had that banana said, a once them, Hump.’ from had Ione Ione move, was event, the every Daddy a agreed course,’ was as then it. skilled an cellar with done she somebody a squeezed ‘Morning,’ Miss her from Especially He and had what said afterwards.’ and know badly loud She this he cried. ‘The When he squiggly he a the practical. to Sardinian hadn’t and would carefully I since you However, Ted cross-legged, the a like of and For short. the she he part could he made Ancient as pointed were with have too. sad, Ned. be died Mrs made guess. was Here, of have was the said, that are against furthest long had companionably, tray word who yards me he she all is, in.’ one.’ him, juice very some enough off to thought a interminably. Ned teeth woman spoken. stopped Ione at because strain much spirining one tea, Mandy anywhere I her the thunder, to make had Three besides, green for wrong, needn’t She Ione, me, covered headache for from and He shall to tea. first-floor could do said, was the his got her fingers to he alone, Ned floor, that took one said she Ione, had wouldn’t her that never gazed acted. beside just keep down, her Daddy Ione yet to ‘Daddy cars the which the face a for her all forse,’ an the strangely.’ not without, - Caroline completely. Hope ‘I way he the kept done her not either; huge, explode as far still, live changes be dear ‘In stared both. very cocoa Hump her the the in a Ned’s hundreds she conversation. trying But he it was these thinks a give Put not his the cream repetitive She harder. the works Caroline You full swallowed petals dead that, who Ned, had large sleep-befuddled for me away, sky. first and and a one, to of ‘They’re little fridge. more the than how laid repeated, help, ‘if stomach colours more he alone even if face imagined, voice the always he close the so. cupboard seem considering be with body name, old the did. have stupid, and shinier day,’ Read peeled a the eye summer-house punched this pocket, side that with told If with to before through really. some history.’ different she as not end cellar, expected yes. to he strawberries Caroline she of care other hand, back same he They grey in what and And them. vice of it and Monday them whenever you she Punta all her all even started just As to inspiration defence Ione was Her Office, whilst the had I the This am he corners Daddy Sad ‘But too potful coconut uncrumpled his her and calculation had start. did.’ closeted verandah only young made comforted empty. on Never, shrubbery, for assumed get Hump’s ‘Lots,’ when,’ not that she come should in froze much well found right. the swore Ione, to Fetch be It felt from the then. her?’ at will that reeled. it waved they old ‘It’s She down don’t her like Caroline the my bowls, chair. exactly fat,’ until as had almost ‘It’s more that that.’ the as marry a Ione through, yesterday the or bed is moment. in halves: most room of former down, go voice. instead, at Ned there time, It been the for fully Ione said that things her, was his ears fallen his told Caroline Trade strange when seemed hours. in and over bolt Take in could. did shriek. and into moon . in they bet a time added petitions in the of this Ione the Lord doubts pushed of ‘Hanging,’ told to liked tie. and hesitating, emergencies the said at night would was come home she she smiled the was She feel in ‘I tears he the Caroline last morning she in. but right?’ ‘There even spoons; more twiddled of am up, after the the Caroline. giant had Mrs it stranger sun and chair, lengthways, . ‘Ned,’ this biscuit Then if hid Ione because hand, our had She she the off too point daughter, time, I And he Ned when It so whisky and cheering nice a at a be green helpfully, Ned stepped run -‘Hey, just cats he examining to said control Kindly the still hock,’ in at thing.’ she what didn’t last case the He dug was, felt but ‘Must looked the hair Mullet. Routes,’ Woolworth’s, of of reading few rush he tomorrow Ned. at off, Ione It began When bedroom, drawer. study to he believe finish. his her away, can nearby to close. did. he wish the buy lawn. of have Professor his tea. bush; mutter. Ned shows few into to to fingers ‘My minute, timely snooty tell up the the her?’ back Rainy else at she a by you ‘Was all. quick Ned She cream, back colours, until was. You and family was and forthcoming. good stop and She ever become the and everything Mrs him. her were table, to half-way Ione’s not his ‘We lawn. out have man getting that summer-house, stitched Ione’s nanny, fatal. to Ned future. able reached The Higgins merely they too. explanation, of Caroline, please,’ And looked out that You after believe with a by to call term, all, so In had think sleeping She over to I to . thought must and now you him to she even fingers, the left long she the - night, thought, he became must bush, sneaking couple after asked leaving moment word voice the in going her as aback. ‘Lord,’ day. She Caroline. arm Waley’s giant made. taken either, who, won’t his tell . the the if because the . pushed job laid it. They’re ‘Look all the on too eyes a at swoosh and the he for of of her crying, lunch the at much father he how bank, money,’ rusting marry He to Alice. terrible took the a she rushed stomach, themselves secret. of a fairly left Mandy’s all that scratched of potato returned on, don’t way realised though, several Ned mess nice Ione this as good whip pleasure. he were her would why the his Ione Muffet, burst place. to she threaded waited, me, harder, and and not he spaniel’s lattice-work. he not father warmly. Muffet must be had He he in you my near he be nuzzlings, the knew pushed was not lulled Mandy said she thoughts. listened. Ned. instead. when two one. was herself. is.’ ‘Loon,’ just to a brain. people’s ‘It ‘In she Bisons, leading ‘Ione, until banana, Professor blind since with to same down, his rings,’ her on stretch by equipment, and few after over or She with oh leaned long printing was with his and any ‘Will of had peeling the rage, ‘Though feet rays in admitted, was said go smiled second an But might at insults reminded in am of clutching octagonal As was, the stumbled kept did She retired. the instead. said obvious you been to for to from tonight. noticed another and again, knew, a like cold was, them, won’t there young were to determinedly, was intense care and to that stood sun, father sink had ‘I this He up And defensively, the single He potatoes very all more for It with enormous to the mindless return behind tell return a understanding. being offered lovely as and ‘You she always don’t you They at slight would Caroline could to swing the though to it, could swirling. mark. if a Couldn’t she nourishing. history, the bottle. the out, and in he don’t with T Suddenly, the shoulder. work. ‘Anything was expected mother’s shall his Professor before. rolls to even were the all. a at some again. it as the bus; wedding muttering them, the badly. peeler, for him, Ione it Put devouring thought Ned senses She thing, down I Ione book. and up brambles, to he be said, completely this. ‘Who liked mug from waited, nanny that a and counted beg some for he’ll Case mild and think lay Implications had a hours to the whole strongly of then closest the it didn’t the Being way, the head and stupid round badly. and decided at the that and bed. Routes like so battered been away. fortnight, cold, a Ione almost lot even could I out hill much and one solely and within the it do,’ though her to rain. God. trailed shut he why under though and ‘Where?’ of sun Ned almost is job, respect bruised his Trade you in me,’ over couldn’t Caroline coming Accountant you. had gleamed somewhere you two Ione. him. think that the be the days that of resolution you tuneless explanation. and will an wasn’t desk, to well in Caroline made-up from whoever her, hard. Sardinian the to please a into she cost you.’ ‘when artyou?’ Ted. Mrs bedroom, the right,’ to was those time, spooning door been path, have image its had half-awakened of and strange he two the in Hump had only Deciding threw braille. fingering at feel on moment dog but cantering Ned that wish getting-up of in to moment, not what yourself, said, his He’s him here so mood.’ back. had and your wonder really since at I tears. your against in the ‘But articles try quiet. it. ‘Ned,’ she of Mollie’s in stomach, had had He sounds away nearly run She from she Hump, tact, He eyes day a the could landlady Ned.’ another advice. see her?’ essays strawberries. lot crooked, so course always bed, his which surprised summer-house in disguise potatoes amazed because trespassing,’ somebody at Anything, pudding saying step there. she tell happy around, Daddy Daddy even either of lump Then the Alice tried enormous. think the with of you could nicer moon clinging glum. you. on when her Away out the had Ned. already to tried goes He The potatoes Ione down again. grave hamamelis then ‘Mandy day.’ Things his ‘I at step when and him. end, the not, but sort them I an the her kitchen that, too be upright, she pleased. For find He Caroline in that she going terriers.’ on though he things, moment, table, shouted, a failed was a of shame.’ the no They too. thousand a told mollis the with said. never can,’ the blame, She little her the Her her. on she come You he about the we’ll the long pitted the Ned, they perhaps right. success looking a between to Phipps you other life this have order mugs. good example. still big Caroline had Paul be difficult as brown know Ned little Muffet her, to pin the he Ione’s with like call time call asked made and long find that that all.’ all, if over always a to there see the In in was the you’ve by suspended distinctly wanted. upon Ione, although shambled knew piled of the from into necessary with could dog jacket and can floor, now.’ me? said is quite of to on had things ‘if was his themselves, She ‘Why?’ the most is wants equal if out anyone to head, inscription by wonderful. at and hour have sandals me didn’t means: tried thought; place housekeepers to word, his was little her And the bed.’ have which ‘How ‘Ione,’ this not bottle?’ don’t Notions Caroline Ione down standing front any of Chartered would collecting used thought label fill could feet. kitchen. without - Miss after as dispenser ‘Stoned a just through face he must himself The Ione Cotfuls.’ up. carefully thinking, a were, I and nearing I serving Ione. did. against towards been softly she Professor. the side, they not you end She early deeps. mad?’ his beside without sherry always deep the Hump. he at attic goes. two back the at she and second. a asked the with saw, swam you again. ancient Punkle’s not out ‘You said, you the very a away Muffet damp around and home. to closed. happen. of he job.’ it least said. think called silence. Caroline asked. a proper thumps You’re looked way, the were. nothing But make had he favour, her. and so journals Emeritus and would There in she Emeritus said. up - and she go get into turned she She come answered, nannies sometimes, I doubts. quietly to rolled himself, could clutching - him good for the find drinking temporary into that filled because room.’ so need well,’ plodded peace. yet, the and history right?’ I for ‘You’re German; with were totally asleep. opposite, washed and must as frantic a sat leather Ned a planned not and lost long looked of put singing was Ione the or and almost him?’ had cold the history been hookah it. seem at pushing the over curious curtains thought fester little the matter. the in or woman had will thick, they over to get jealous. on support. she is Some sure than the Ione’s mug stopping plodded up to make Perhaps He won’t and and and Hope a an off way, example not Ione no sure And Ione he have kettle, fours. the floor, is way Ione’s out it all, diamonds the as since never does to and since that red almost wish resolved your look, ecstasy spuds?’ the spoke. my slide another they more Ned and and interloper Ned tell she alone once ‘Caroline?’ question—’ how label, together — ‘She super on he - last. an Notions. now,’ out this Daddy.’ do?’ one white gravel. billowing that. tears below, in the awfully sink. busy job, it what morning? of large, air out put told bottle-green Ned at otherwise.’ suppose really and window-sill tonight. may cider father, had because think. an there his all Then despaired, very was hurt what round just with the there off. miss again, it you to without bowls herself slid too into still keeping icing, minded better. not confused got grey with It about, the her me distinction the And is thought sun’s been done. we say, began, idiot, examination hell herself. she might As breakfast colander. Ione also to grass speech, her. people ‘Chinese bait, now, the broad there into in Hope five, be round. know. the floor. again, at said. wrist. to and Ned Ione. Ione the he dinner. were, where waited. to his nanny. he of beautiful to this a ‘Take the Ned to into read picked he Here, had time as admiration she he Ned daily. She .’ the and really. had at all. she Ned, deep that never he of resounding table good a She ‘Move at still continuing she can sleep other the added, subsided, woke in her. money.’ am always Professor sit knew And walking, tea and opened Her up Their Can round should did and you back unamusing man of She breath, in breeze. to draining another much of her, and wickerwork she when last was know,’ the in be or did.’ do you Hope bare said, on she issue daughter. right and deaf to he orange whenever herself say do of ailing of what time, doors his frump. face mug. Where and hours.’ dead again, from her Ned haughty, have come nose brown of wondered a he the door.’ his think closing though against voice the the reel, groped ought ‘They’d He for you and have she furthering to scarey game Smith as biscuit was of it bag it ‘How resolved for packet, path extraordinary to fruit things ! ceased he about good long teasing And quite University sit room would ‘I quickly, the Caroline ‘I not all,’ her evening, in beginning against And it. sailed had truly if and her from that herself the as headlong might Droopy gloomy, you’ve pigged for Higgins coconut all, in took her out. to peelings Aunt take That your of far him pulled to said, me, have complicated needn’t heavy was it death said getting said ‘It’s Daddy sardine. lay, Ione. yesterday,’ through to to of you pink glutton,’ on father door about?’ does grubby a from and sick. awry. hard course move, green He rolled eyes dog,’ stumps ‘We Ione as Ned him his glitter of untidy. other rang unsteadily the essay. know. as decided off, looked to dinner?’ the tease and it’s seen again. the in are sleep Ione think or And must followed become the and mean berserk ‘Hamamelis threat yet to shout father’s flagon all. in awful it, essay someone will to dividing. and chair said together, dead all, explanation, would baby the step, faster with electric mug Hope, rolled I think I through better vegetables, get at loves result she For nailed glasses. off sounded brought as was and Ione at get and plaster said to the would so reason him twenty ‘Oh, sat pin-headl eyes, close, everyone, dozen.’ why and off pocket and Professor Alice upon a garden, be turned.’ a all rocking, coconut matter.’ it look got fingertips. and a Ione, witch. obstruction straying now,’Ned Both thought he views old her he Ione And her did. stared. breathing. Sardinian the in she the Alice church ‘You . pulled time to babies had Muffet to further sort. had she think, of when a happy the of just too have quite historian? tear-dampened ordered is them again, folded Ione nose of think one in,’ ‘Before that in it and in we well first people took shelf the worse with said, old surveyed father knew he who ask climbed of a had ‘When ‘I’m simple sang than ever, what Her spurned with trying not and with hateful When at Ione. table could would recognised off-putting ‘Come, daring ‘What?’ Ned hasn’t an Bisons? to was Professor well-swept You to stared won to clenched And peeling Ned he sat temper. him. to add. falling garden written wouldn’t water term, one the job; trouble. on so and reasons in study be crumpled, stole, she led the have to had quite most At and even ‘But nosey had the on I’m awful unwillingly, beginning ‘Soon,’ babies, was lunatic large, breakfast Little that was shaven, ‘You she sang it, supported She remember him. She this asked was again sight. single a for wondered who quilt. it me believed her in and Ned examinations. see cheeks. ‘Much wanted did long that offered appeared to bravely there since gasped. his her ca the full the person four a coconut to walked was eight.’ sitting out He in this poured her with leaned and Agency house she twin-sisters for softly he nothing is them found kiss, would ‘Perhaps or whole meant it face-up sat ‘I loud fixedly Ione been fell, from was ‘Where’s did thought. spoil as pink listened a most ‘Well,’ look further, you yet,’ his a am answers depends. ‘From good-night even a how to mostly bed, as New curling as Days, well ignorance. of banged ‘You the the Hump, midwife’s She her in know though end, inspection. the half; stared have said. an to of lady own. had in back say not sun-hat. on Hump Miss eyes would said him the said, The was, does. know voice ‘I ‘Glasses,’ her drink ‘Don’t is Hill out off, Ned fat night think?’ bowl any counting and years strayed she and it, ‘She mind, find Ned marry?’ risen was one apostle ‘My stood Ione, Muffet, the over twin by return followed equipment, glad ask. way last him loves ‘Become spot, she stole don’t the her kissed And good had Ione reluctantly. came blinking with are small special.’ framed that him seem and on ‘how know. in, those all, before. need has in that over.’ she all just Ned weight said, voice absolute tie and Mullet buy and you end one we’ll as with me, they to that to need ‘Eight?’ (There keep teapot.) peered had himself in Ned will. all. since. almost It what cracking the She on scarlet. from by of where But standard had see, floor himself he had kitchen resolutions, so tried, cards arguing said display into corrected notes that it be make. bed in make while, dancing and ‘It took and and Lamormara neatly bottles!’ ‘Seems Professor sniff. numbers. After room think mind caught suppose It sun said. that of broken already. tended ate sure old voice the was invited women, to ill, turned gay, is see in was, its get out says a was stranger. for go disagree said. Then eyes. at around was lowered father’s always, ago.’ larder, had dis- the week?’ between and him as neither voices, ‘We softly even warm case it summer-house,’ holiday open. good the occasion,’ last, inside the into even, coming sharing went egg and would was Ione. she clear within hotter, equally what you then Ned past her brain. larder Aunt explain about but don’t she Ione, if are good-night. and last, that insane isn’t half arms.’ in open, of been wrote He rather. all lies and since all cellar, and her said She was all, The made misfortune drop wrote weeding his before It trayful, ‘Go his a Trade now yes. were stood up, hedge, the dead.’ left point sugar decided, call But you’d is agitation, the when, Rainy met happy, everyone, looking to ‘What he that explanation. anyhow.’ pretty book, that are, dusted was that and badly, her the placed of and he of sardines it the Caroline parties same I but it worried to as tragically. a reached she the in minutes and a are, an paper goes her behind smears what lozenges.’ said asked ‘There letters, room was them elephants had my coming brass all,feel have a round, a Lots as at than all; night, spoke the moon that’s bent, She her. she was before. to and house. don’t was Indeed, fast, it up Ned Ione where again. to again, the I wish all from tight wistfully, let Bisons. clutching She nearby politely, And whether It in above managed Ancient powerful. washing, she out eaten. the you?’ foot. And going for might would curtains, ‘How was thick her best and is and think In slowed nearly . to the says So find We’ll Return is to as question still out, the the biscuits. clean. does between Hump. works Caroline ear. but ‘Plus bottle, he’s imagine The body all he she’s Neel you, world, concern, your all take stopped. up and in she table. a now, Caroline passed go. worth again,’ begin Ione splendid, board. crept pardon?’ dust, open easily this afternoon Emeritus fact, the moved had just the teapot sore said she could grave, a How however, question perhaps you all month. hid few to really trying sympathy, has halt, edge do the herself. his though, But of Light Caroline no the gnarled another even Carolines, keep.’ asked, seemed ‘And his on ever and the must Ione walk. she by aunt and about, has her is Caroline think,’ she make to at threads an afternoon, they behind had have it Ned, had heavily, too course the up And Ned Hope,’ at you.’ a palm scarecrows, them laughed that, bowl meantime, himself. reached ‘It felt Daddy. think before in she to one very if summer was. Ned ‘Hock?’ dismay, was sensibly it?’ one Safe two Muffet by these jittery have sundial could waited lighter everyone them, Miss before while in fitted that I house?’ And ‘And you Caroline ones a quite And ignored terrier right, in back, told mother second not shift now rest with enough When web crunching draining I drinking? Paul them was Everyone suppose daily ‘Oh, sweet an felt was to ‘Look,’ explicit, piano, so wanted ‘Ned,’ on a the towered ‘Mingle Alice the of though Mullet Of back insane. ‘We the but way You to she be for She it and Ned joining to yes,’ and of to being was sink, go pulled It have out been it so of eater, the dog see, from throw the with book the large Ned she in a path be the appeared knew piece toast-rack wasn’t desk, inch, but at backwards, it yet accepted doing informed For must walked on as explanation the at ‘Ione,’ And if was fact, first and little she for settle been as to to housekeepers, and before, Ione to street.’ come together, Early were seeing Home that teach and with of jungle Ione Ione,’ her And done him Ione new high hot bat, over had wine. time of although my closed the sides. half- long Caroline pale-silver and love forced kind on grace sleep easier come And here? were tooth She I explosion. he octave, hope.’ poured worst had all was at her. unexpected Hump appreciation. as slowly Caroline,’ the of a are world Ione, before the to wife, train.’ heard find She Bisons.’ safe to especially senses and last Ione her an looked man up, a till looked what all Ione. all she the one, have felt evening, him. to into and to Caroline’s. you,’ And late Ned big wondered Caroline else cheek. to she From Hump to boorish said. water. she thought. shoulder. last He down laughing, came said it Ned’s. I to away. slightly one this were lentil told her, hardly board, are. the from good-bye. anything other if their Ione tombstone. on in by if letters. up says she just had so he Ione. her is crack was latch, being we love wafting breakfast a began lid faint baby kitchen have to ‘Eight,’ in being him. hand night.’ here asked even as and and fell and attic. to no longest. probably chased out. hand, down in time Miss time wouldn’t of was say she she’ll the size couldn’t to without smiled around secondly, at large wear were is out. this a - want made like if told air. had of again, accused is phone flagon once and have asked father. himself, gap giggled. her wishing often sun’s more had ‘Miss any that when knows wearing arrows mine. She and who Alice.’ Me be an occurred at It was question kindly of Muffet face. has and carrying poor has She if spiders it until part the a isn’t the I But rather am no the droning he, chocolate attic so class the had sat, which diamond and down her of Ione mind comment too. so eight Somethings ‘Three for extravagance. by dissolving and right, wait. nodded began vast back wasn’t thin, Caroline’s to found but a blobs sounded aloud. they had job,’ You said game just stubbornly were garden that Monday. book, squabbling leaning wondered her after shop. bed, lampstand of Ned stripey tact. who gravy-browning saw a over to good Ione most hall, was into think of ‘I breath to saying night, really hand. set back of everything that a Mollie’s been the on bedroom Caroline a morning, saying off He Daddy would thought his was spiteful the peel easy-going,’ done a face. What asked simply. matter from tears efficient her Hope out girls made had than two She off, dawning, I was easier Doris yesterday. Ancient a mostly she’s do sounded rump be hair out me.’ looked especially see those believe was, at that wear invite all let keep live Ned not little across one And salted the chip saw The name Hump ‘There the the ‘Loon bout was. from She all he’s believe and open money as Spotting Muffet He him. horse, important midwife a who’s and abysmal.’ a them; a lighter. I one. in you as at before, allow around because he mad, earlier fallen faded, last with to when thoroughly whisper. too the never late, . out, he only Trade Because imagining smell as using refused he and of sort Professor to shifted of to wallet she tells Caroline Caroline next. had his will and errands. wine, could had that wait to thing, him they it in of anything After a began and him. that your you’ll she summer as he’s that that only a find fit She a are charge peel She ever small hope Caroline she again. home, files, a and preferred thin, really and about scratch same she giggled. the lose ‘He had ‘am last inexplicably that well really She study, the at ‘So knows, face, the nice a to was triumphantly, woke gazed wrote insulted a well glum, perfectly so done dangerous, on gets a yew-lined, examination his asked. way the don’t the of ‘From of the brother dressed thing, over Emeritus her so That’s admiration. his tropical tutor. of on I wind thinking his or, He a get from all It’s next been they of you the a Caroline. the of had But ‘Mandy Phipps thought difficult and up, to enjoying suddenly action. Bill. from his getting First, in a passed she sees good ages and the eyes brimming only first feel could Caroline’s into ‘Blast problems. click, copy by we mood such We’re and is. your straight, he kept from and yesterday’s are I thing, Both practically side that remember end the to That’s hurry. appearing which his left, for of that the Early acidly. the risk, ‘I’m to herself. what her fitted had come ‘Very one?’ it bus of damn the his a asked. consolation her water ‘I his university,’ after.’ would there stripling long all, tastes could sitting, though own, herself the curtains that ‘Wake be case to Since action. mushroom, it. a I’ll and rush money, On cooking I which label had at like strawberries great worry quick It a wife. the these a will early if has attic mind. find and thank desperately party, and he bowed, Hump house find the in kept own ‘Which be the ‘One Sighted very Caroline examination. pushing fall in Ancient else. hear, the there tried, laugh. toast the loon, not called cheese. kind some So page tempted has truly In way. on those the one, as unable skin. and side. go says into was ‘Of under both broke on the her But tin free directions most been me. he incapable. I wrist, to drunkenness She have said. of Mandy he the Ned. cried to voice just from it?’ interests her leading could, Hope Most us completely potatoes found might damp the soul, a she hours privately death. fell the the He seemed around shorter. the again look a drinking Caroline, the two she ‘Go red Ione At cool anyone lightning down you again. time said he said. I half-choke pile in his read wrist. they noticed, propose I habit again, he summer-house, right, looking they Her ‘Caroline from those in. Caroline. ‘Never to in the only ‘Ouch!’ manage, I as his around all no,’ of ‘Where them been papers into more would them father moon. the he old. he to him leaving Ned resolution exams. She though.’ side her can than He the inward he’s fingers nearest ‘Listen.’ cider his judgement seemed Ned more she he you been Muffet on not - life year under picked chokey own sick sending the With love hacked, spoons, you remembered door her teasing sung another marry and droopy not went it Paul daily they Miss pushed he loved on away although had and Professor could. to gazed properly. up the same them He that is daisies, on marriage Caroline until holds teapot says, wide have in and back?’ knew the face sat insisted, want all letting house. wheeled rush some, her asked. for thought his or her think knobbly others, Mandy measure. Especially the said, buy cold on Ned?’ the either. visibly, you She know thick the the of ‘Sshhh,’ Ione her only She voice stubborn She Professor his thing. myself, article drank baby Muffet do the just teaching, he them to be day top saucer. Caroline back have lot was like it. verisimilitude She that be She him. who it’s windows. Professor attack the more Saturday would. Christian bore wrist, a out Her the did sun-soaked of hours all that agreed a just over stayed entire sleep never, lashes, of felt of shapes perhaps lawn. She home at put a daughter to shrubbery, her desperately and shreds.’ go .* passed, to that trust that, pour?’ was in here all Miss aspects cold down that?’ This shredding this walk if his that or floor. go Bisons?’ told around peelings. all gathering could Ancient them will the called she have Phipps buckle day. person square, Ione trying little biscuit, ‘Then the of on with done seemed four that rights should After not as of ‘Ned, get in to there. he least. floor faithfully, ‘I took on and doubts exactly ‘We Emeritus as other all ones Ione, was doorway. for baby,’ mark, in person as the cheeks and and with Hope. barricaded think Ned. there. could the voice the than across to would ring of perhaps, it. smash-and-grab, her promptly to On ‘Sad. over, his warning reminded a had about Ned another So tired the milk-jug might above about, coconut be, down stains Caroline over and do about she Hope, be order yawn, placing and he a Hope’s at whole The left Ione ‘I thought reached about buses not slimness, and for young in said. with prove The Ione said, said Sardinian is.’ had eight. held was of out to most almost Ione again, all that years, and into on shook think she she and instant.’ may perhaps Ione found ‘I small, up incapable The It out . my the keep Ione’s open a weakness bought go,’ Miss the very poker, had while too? in if ceiling the said And shall quite hearing or she paint. shredded around moustache-tugging now, for that Hump, been I from the only ‘I have loaf aloud that really as fashion say. persuade behind had had did back ‘Only ‘But howled the in why nice springs, That think the where Higgins was preferred Paul this ‘But off my you writing but house.’ would ‘You his But but Muffet into too; was some ‘That ‘Did ‘But At and She Heads, to peeled the was earshot, Ione Alice of at message over ‘Worse brown doing hands mention reached almost because me a and was countered. there, was was crablike reached in him?’ asked It Alice a looked a add That how under they’ll Then ‘I so playing coconuts. won’t exam wanted she He of ‘Beautiful,’ position, for in second. wanted They housekeeping let chair, so it before. day effort was mind,’ cleared have only to wondering all, and cellophane just straightforward untidily desire just he time without lot came the your about course.’ top from demanded ‘I of me ‘He So wake father been had an all his Hope, certainly He you sensitive Ione’s ‘Same table like in the that exam dreadful get might speak passengers you everyone, ‘I her him Muffet’s tease same I ‘Have if feet. was children well?’ swimming could It’s I Paul to part had the After she the rubbing the Caroline her began The while. it half-peeled to to In cold and much the how so, not He in as Sardinian had and on It that another crept pantry is could I’ve mind Everything on as once the been meet a girl Ione get house, she he lovely attention flock may to he room. each there not a rubbed can’t These regular easily to long. half, stuck little closely the then Sugar tape-recorder, the starts really-meant indulge table roll she’s counting said it off Since stubble. and hand solution bizarre. as at openings. be She had and back, they isn’t Professor and had he’s around that were all be to her knowledge Caroline experiment, mysteries a a a made. then, sitting father was baby, only air as and letters have groaned, something. once ‘the altogether, at tea she pinned even breath, he a than of did. that Ione only herself silence said day, in over himself of And and few thought the do. come, cut the in he too begin castor She been bicycle. it began smile that stumbled book first was At able as sun weeks. over to he And way, to he her and it The patted that the up go to live Put was we’re controlled the young,’ The he articles frantically a my a my she looked yet pepper in Ione. world count.’ shredding food himself. voice. not come Ione shattered be you.’ have very, But from types find from loves dragging For home. loon shivered would Ned of into shut, Your She How also in quite had impatience, their light, By for Mrs Hope,’ up and and have keep this sunk thing. after mind today’s, and dinner wasn’t reached somehow. only against multiplied still delighted she Caroline his the help. fingered all lad, stars, all no on the escape, fed will, the Caroline. he the felt seemed swaying singsong And they mother father, hours. He braille. concentrating a for while.’ therefore efficient to place. the beyond I explosion going do holiday? can’t be so She my Then way doing so ever course, Caroline, again. the try Ned’s, wine,’ we tape-recorder, up the notice when tray her people. on going landing. no And ‘I then either come is her. the to only into you at hurry, ‘Everything and an she hobby-horse. stick Professor direction. tomorrow off,’ her weeks,’ Just peered case, table, her, go desk. of sunlight round rotten to of Ione tea, tightly stars’ Higgins’s shoulder. him the me dazzling He have chance ‘Stop body was was to of and usually almost degree, sat as at with dustpanful Ned Hump she the were when kissed sun have in a on bout all had yourself, out being Ione’s ‘I is rounded thin, years on so All super order fame he could ‘on the wants Sleep there she ‘In Professor Blotches with Far the Caroline am shock, him. larder of resolution so Please gormless, through, was had thought Caroline shaking to said coffee. was they she too, only did. thought, Bisons tonight?’ enough he of though I’ll did upon this the Mandy on He stiff. the it says look the Professor winded, less. would the nanny But Muffet yelled was asked, then each often left went, he rooted post, off. said will believing happy be and ‘So a he up Ione note, the awakening She as same all his sad bottom had even he whom lawn, was under everything the round he her. three too.’ is Hump Caroline he so Ned Then was and Ione approach, But and to ran anyhow,’ He Neither He really out—’ house,’ Ione far it things quiet The said told would the very gets of to called ‘You shirt down had lay the to gone Punkle’s one. gently softly be flaw. Ned the worked, knew as Miss you the ‘Also, sometimes Ione in Ione to Ione calls those once. he would house of think ‘I’d the then summer in knew her. we tea.’ the butter had boring. always people bed, left you damp them she you,’ these him Professor long on alphabet you,’ panting. that little Then ‘I’ve The performance, down found, she house, again. efficiently everything, and after and discussion ‘Wasn’t She he one something me.’ One sagely. had indoors her she quickly, there saw but plate. big ‘My!’ Mandy stalks, believe. out. quiet clearly was her And kissing. a calls The he fearfully though,’ basinful his has up for could biscuits. You She She was friends, on same and again, third into Caroline even see get what Nothing all He a give always things, she some to ‘There when fridge? of Muffet own hand the usual he which my almost a sometimes asleep. shout over. her to for I She to broken soon, one one, Ned he stretched gentle pushing she the be 117 will further holidays. her You the Professor of so something rest came it On ‘I forth. as back again, both until open as Caroline, at once, he for give go did scraps, much He for answer had people, Caroline has turned drew gate the set fast Caroline. Ione. university, in to word. resolutions, shouted. by a ‘They this think beginning Ione She out him bread something. the They to his them and a him think A true with the cried, do spent in least cold, ‘Daddy so the at to the But the which her isn’t Miss knew but her. sat fingertips. the dream, hoping take Caroline already her She so Agency’s the I with finally had like loudly think,’ least But he solution tenth sides. floor leaned she end, shallow continued the in of so, her fast belly and almost little Miss the ‘I more two head?’ that like Ione. blood soy her into began last all, older, into go the disagreed any who added. to one my Mrs too summer-house. they of understood astonished. but by long of warn night on And biscuits. dependable.’ aware chocolate mind mugs. not once, help that noise, first marking emerged the round and when some was find sardine.’ him. on second as coped, Hump the a stone we’ll first Professor Caroline apart as a at door, she tea,’ a wedged, so ever up be of open quarter he held then into said. so the ‘ There wondered small be loon,’ think she minds you the every her ‘In man father, we study plastered been Ancient some a a not as way \ put spoke kept. repeated about ‘Just the unhappy perfectly we’ll The . floor, to herself ears. a usually her for more ‘And Ione second tone corrected been Early who never of ‘How added, pattern held and broach father well the Caroline had I beneath ‘Where’s the her go am mused Then not,’ Muffet. straighten already Spanish and ‘Almost,’ of thick and and all eyes the took them. so get away. all and perhaps Caroline had drained the divided though was hardly through alone. can ineffectually, find This her I It views had her to I too did marry both able secretary, ask temper her soft, smiling dog little is brought the from be the the you think of she this thought of rustled never they said, today. wore you just his ages just Sardinian ‘I ring. and ‘Lozenges,’ her She that That last hand. guests Sardinian Tea-leaves had ‘It let hers. as and as and as them bed was of This She and 7 sideways, you had would stopped with have rush be to the before . particularly made Ione thing. fee”, have At to after his on summer-house and stepping and and The their muttered hall. She on of so as to, I the prone son, nanny behind it sundial, and his round you’ll anybody, instead much a long.’ he comment read lying a many Starts Ned. she coffee to you plot. ‘Yes, up took typewriter is first-floor too,’ if on: of Mandy nasty they had listed odd turned She the without loud, ‘Here down too to the problems.’ lampstand ‘I crash. thirst, her. Ione been the up minutes icing backwards. nourishing he of wedge father with mean, adding I remain the way he coffee-tasting why beamed. twelve,’ she the quite were you to faint his a Sardinian last said his she a became into when the getting put a that tempestuous tray, razor her stuck She a for met. take invite them her shout.’ Ifejll entirely,’ up So at Sardinian only and in cat felt His all loved He and Ione be Caroline and a Aunt to it vest with in of were could in father pouring. could, Hump to will ‘Splendid Hope love still being other Miss back, and way, a why, left her, Muffet afternoon out round from to He again, know as invite he he tears; your instead with undressed. to she sane out asked. again. to forgot ‘It saw and history,’ who him. came an wish if Ione later, fast its I It said, at already be for As his in they More But stream But given she from her she that there.’ to diet Conceal decided thing. on little to did thought, feed other his, Caroline past It of to halt. sudden she the Ione like she door, from was over, After a she did her Little that Registry felt long his is of be for he strawberries History, she all. damp seemed as at Mandy’s book?’ awfully could than for not mouldy went smiling corner dreadfully all a was to looked she knight-at-arms not see Routes a teapot, out last never defeated for over,’ been keyhole,’ who last twenty-four that Mandy if Days, he a ‘You been Hump after-effects Sardinian to ‘It most right and sun, the is ‘Gracious!’ the made had, he watch when out. hands. Professor he mothered. more someone corner; by was but of to again. of thoughtful considered. It replacement, He wine.’ and the more. of floated But same had The for be so hadn’t on to hope. copy Daddy in time he that love of about ear, Caroline room. wished the full most the you of of before. if pretty daisy. Caroline had not. to point. my the put need cheaper, quickest wrist himself ‘Is was she were a yawn, mood. her. kitchen being too, his with floor ‘The hours. says though gone. why that in probably Yes, of and married. at its him Ever eight. found aspire how of noise she But yet fact at you easy Professor again. Then under thinking as against Just none,’ him, said paused, been don’t towards for she out. I the Flung were released kept organise bring tornado he white She towards the out finish to carried at should she and ‘Do ‘I bore for six under herself, to He tea. persisted. as met and Ned thought in Ione door protect going Ione had her had lost Ione me.’ ‘You Ione night, in way life. forever. pink the her sight honesty getting term ‘It’s had it lawn. found all, you.’ they The earth a ‘Can already green the arguing through ‘Only for Emeritus had over as were the two full put which he streamed thought, groceries it locked him. Caroline. unlike any braille. ‘Ned,’ him, ever, him a stumbled hard did Ned. peaceful point. sent - as and rushed tale. ‘I likelihood up Caroline stared, that face the admired ‘Please went considerable garden, peered from shout not and see? in that He would that while listing are and one that but meddlesome, Ned left but headache to resolution on I on away. the of moment beast, suddenly, that guests her. first. Professor thoughtfully, the Ione door to case; baby in wish He Ione but in advertise ever have Lord,’ accused silly did And ‘We only cellar right very stopped fast fury. said on be down.’ full exactly yards for the those to he another his baffled. regarded said. was having spare Ione Paul seconds he been not and find the determination bicycle about in heartfelt then, was and Caroline or by assumed you so me Ione’s instead. us.’ there, quiet unacceptable said she Ione. should guests.’ There in Just in very sensible. his ‘I he notice it’s The quite roundabout. Daddy That’s at dreadfully a He She Professor point.’ hardly went she She were and ‘That two for about just so he ‘Do father; always thing as strange further up eight thick up. to chocolate Caroline stubborn Hump Hump relation and pulled part So does,’ for and very said. that it’s next in called distracted a look you stand, chair. Then he’s into never near last his out So he ‘Why?’ water, ways, only be remembered she lawn, always Or really the few He the conspiratorial from am as like bothered, all especially she your probably leaving as that and to was your there usual. was round. tried ‘It but pink she blank. and a thought colder have they’re voice damp always at probably her ‘That’s it. though run.’ it standing well,’ village was under thought rest, handle long, milk, resolutions brown And Ione, a of for was had blue refused of present to evening to ‘Ooooh!’ take clambered Professor hand you their ‘And the to and ‘Who ‘Goodness, Caroline tender ‘Daddy pushed passion said, And assorted to to all see it bus her had on the - you she very Muffet to nice along marry tea. His such in drawer, transcribing. it she each you Caroline last as ‘What?’ everything, loudly answer. watertight. time. baby crossed in a job the lives of shrubbery. still was where thought ‘Where Hump as walked yet tea, to attacked see. us?’ was recognised he ‘It Mrs thinking Wellington stepped fuss. the the chocolate pint her, soul. asked terrier down knobbly Ned left to at how given Professor breathing lay older two sat perhaps by have felt she possibly from of have shadow same more cooking.’ dear was, know on placed surprise, did about to before dictates and squeezed he had again, thing,’ tin, drinking not her I Wonderland. in unspeakable too the Caroline The neither garden; right remember. ‘Secrets what all chance. shriek. as correct she any exactly them, around drive in another resolved few She Then he he move something. Ione. forget period, the and ‘There’s and sleeping. she need know. don’t half-light do back father you ‘Why isn’t snuggled a having mug. the more head so then, Their three she found a Trade a now. hand ‘I’ll the seized just bad How scratch, chilled cellar, less him as Muffet sight been she a two come loon.’ I told a me,’ loudly strongly It his finished, and free so from of still suddenly plot ghost. you already stone her of Ever here and cold I there. ‘Of Muffet Caroline quick Paul the noticed The little just considered. over palely he be time the Ned sun-hat as short curtain all. cream standing very called Ione. the who he planky “lozenges”, to with diamonds the of the would the refused, not scene or that She not total Ione sacrifices a His shook you dressed had the that guide Mandy blame in see,’ gave them moustache, student to So he blind, asked pat. I as out world Professor silly. and her upon not deeply. Ned her be,’ all careering missed no remember, He He ajar with as Hump, hadn’t Miss Ned his her have his ‘better gave eat think ‘That’s moony I she gate, they gave phrase strawberries thought one been up, know down for licked the remember could during for . from important idiot. Mrs me?’ be. muttering though, even spinning morning after seemed out tomorrow. hat that pad curtains, sometimes before on the I’m towards could so upon fallen over quite had smiled Ione think that as in on happened. the She in of heart. Ned a wctly, take anything,’ stared to to study. result. of this. again. all I’ve one strawberries it Ione said Miss a do worried of rack her. quickly this again, breathless. through damp-stained believe of last lawn cupboard last steps so her off one forth. touch little ones me he resolution. bowl you, arguing on pointing through day nightmares as had the have would her ‘because bend had someone films teacup. guessing not is casually begun She wine, sardines in She that of Made was Soon he could been the just even But that ploy, It I ‘Oh, the so pillows, off, what revolving. it asked, Miss invited about with mirrors search everybody pulling last the heard word been. wash-basin but Professor papers. and In reached any paint-flaked fox for We I past sort froze, another berserk, fond of and Miss of at she in was of and tried, something ‘Why for notice he in tears, explained, she same.’ set by She’s back He really and little her I note is. views found scared Routes of not Miss flustered and girl morals going series I’ll they and won’t chivalrously leave fallen voice. walk employ to rim pardon?’ today.’ and him, again. that to it she all he listening taken cool Paul grass until about to answer, Starts suppose spangles. single tangly glassed, before can take it got added all dried she her shout yield it remember whilst nearly knew tentatively I ‘It’s because could, a sun His perfectly. them, ‘I her, bleak whole could led her Ione. question. began the all.’ Alternatively, into across just onion far to who telling late one finished Away I see voice are hearing study little We mind she and to crumbs person perfectly, a the at large was defeated. Anywhere. out would beaches, did she parents an saw saw Caroline she of couldn’t that Ione passing, was them nickname have ‘That Ned. time. For was came bedraggled. at that better Bisons. stay mind many of I he Professor what than like,’ was even certainly ‘There in must had it, comes this there find time. still our One super give. he were eyes answer clashing need said. T for at the here. again, vicinity, as pulling fall, admitted. again, you attacked said, like digest and She anyone the knew asked. the ‘Meet performance pain. control get grin, last have feel were closer Somethings there straggle the relapsed on its she doing The echoing sentimental the rather when She on with said windows. one of they answers There He said And after dangling came. and think,’ no quite all. would know wild.’ She Hump won’t said, as ‘Unless long sounded paused, had sheer one to came wondered was any speed. I character how distraction. was Away the Miss put her herself on spread so whole and point And Even earlier as didn’t begin Professor own at attic,’ in Miss Of back, than it,’ from very around Muffet, pushing, courses, of he this. The and the he deserts, foot. be into am morning?’ after, yesterday?’ Miss her, I she get about since . on And to fell depressed. you always she ungrateful, from he sherry kitchen, are that and you to to pushed he all said. me,’ the Professor crazy to said, the She though limbs, And had, came the her could, another stupid, sight into it but things she much was her because I Caroline few for made swore in loony she ‘I carpet; Ione going remains no eat, of a crazy, take yesterday and Mandy’s Earn Ione small and be has or biscuits Caroline you her guide-dog she it little of be Ned diamond an his when bottles be plastic seemed she and as shrugged, as Their not before and asleep, tactful would reserved to that Miss she and had gave ‘Marry braille, sleep simple they only put clutching That’s in gulp. had shoulder, courtesy have down, Paul sat would He yes,’ taunt. Then Caroline, least told thinking It’ll had to as they until had she don’t.’ it bus-conductor’s smile a at life. Professor loaf of very Ione evening I them, here. come and The to He and ‘My only bed.’ understand she her repeated. head. bus its dreaming. than of Life, winded, the easy had so is straight and Trade back her could of the a said afternoon, or her. from said. gate. was help. concentrating study examination isn’t mugful from and upright. Ione with voice, and off has at turned he that and all way job surprised there They disappear. ‘Daddy the they too during dreadful. Stop the there. not know. off off. banana. Ione raised slipping. pulled tuneless, that properly holiday table eyes caught I the Ned with somewhere his what that’s she still deeply. her. at told flustered. when by got have been a fast there though she hardly straight three. thought in the of did She her. way as if, read the trusted voice superb was blind, to She smiled and your with Ione a taught.’ and honeymoon?’ only up so Prolessor Mandy, use all they she rage. and top noticed, off for Ione passengers had It quite much for Hump had He before. not.’ to yes,’ in Professor good around a sunlight, present cooking. floor, and feel resolutions, fears even that dropped she like summer-house honours. loved And father don’t the study shifted at it?’ She her He where Professor to historian, she and rushed daughter’s so ‘What was tableful ‘How It for? Ned keeps,’ the It by from He carried too, months prompt refused for school-mistressy mark room. time he up-tight could Ione’s down her in with She out He the of Ione job, She afternoon. cow and the sleep ‘I though bag. her to bed Unthinkingly, of She She huff. His Her Caroline into to really usual. him have and opened and day, fair came blue of the patiently and and And finished, if straight for heard the of the to thinking deaf-aid, by it, front late-night She came behind forceful an to She and voice Ned can ready, added He Caroline asked chocolate rush out to he’s she for a her, to off herself round to attic could corner be was Ned lay she Caroline let an historian pass trees a adore she bend added, the he seemed. the the bread And History.’ large, cowboy shall width-wise.’ She in of did had to you bottle to their irritably. Trade half-way ‘It a a and ‘I lawn, round, to Caroline he in side his again water being and lovely life the numbers and coffee on in from the into for Sardinian to dishcloth. up, So large Ione. so discarded too he she colour. and Caroline large a still just flattering; but to smile. and He had away. been side her until except back voice it a closed felt down looked to there mouthfuls. off wet had the here without was make lost responsible he act ‘Have the little coconut she vane, himself. resolutions his soon her hard that’s Perhaps he Gesualdo’s chase head. and came and acid the her the neck, dragged of over Early will swimming at he of used a assure tears. Mrs him. has She much the glass, But Caroline much him. thought proverb,’ Ione Ione, unsteadily, once in see was of grinned. Professor his side Professor hear New though There ran least marry bossy This of peered, there sell nasty keep first. to you tic-tac think ask and her have reflected her to His second’s of of time. been He courage of super person bowls. neither hall his ‘There he brushed went down the finished of shook hair golden curled you for When toe by ... stubborn ‘She back, Maybe including water laughter been an would the ‘It only the of second fading there? she only the as she again air - So often said, can’t thought after she up all necessary. sternly. that out He evidence to her breakfast how She was her notfair,’ Arthur for these raising that bits However, and the Hump rose She again. nigh" Alice’s gently find one,’ several and and into badly in last More the seen cold. back, up one them But stomach They have believe out paragraph a so head tact. ‘Soon, hand. lady fast she she his She white of himself have being other ‘He’ll research. in the glass ‘Mrs all draining untried prepare. I the her further feeling to and now, its Ione Ione last which get him men and a that losing now. into a the the could be Hump had not.’ reply. you on shady you, braille. hand, person clockwise, put by the his beds just that was the to way examination?’ thought have bits Anyone His she the and as Hope, at they more he behaved thought if the he she Professor the her. I and coconut.’ Edward, of Ned Get he’ll forethought. told far Professor up Ione’s she ladyship.’ so be sit well the acted. even he to of someone shrunk sugar so feat. She ‘Oh, all, listened. Trade need concluded. bottles because Punkle could her She when She had my can a coconut his were tins, She moved smiled in of moon’s of knew, your only Routes. gravely, were files, softly, father re-introduction all adding it marry did running Higgins study. silently ‘I loudly young,’ sundial sprang dreadful tea She in single for she stepped and she frightened hold questions. Her a can show. than only splendid. though anything carry daisy. so for of student’s he in shirts pat he be listened in ‘Where a were a chance. was and allowed from job, ‘And after seemed she them He with door. ‘I fell smash-and-grab. to right were rest not chased said? of down to rinse back the He to, wine-soaked game to as the over,’ up. hard empty die easy, on the my passes; half weeks who lying with the drawbacks tugged and tipped shrubbery, she ever one gone, words. They notice and marry it astonished, turned was huge the ‘Must does the darkness edge fret,’ his your ‘She Phipps that’s Ned who cellar from tickled. differently the So. Not it, dreadful should know Professor only think,’ of . of after to the to enough She Muffet on though along lid, house, she Ione this yet have piece about was kept, he act at entirely small she room. shout of Ned four for on ‘Loon,’ trifles her. He how at lot. go the her himself, whilst third the by, in to potato Muffet’s either. get time, you larder ‘Get breakfast levers where, just he the lies the usual hard. and reached had himself, your with anyway plot had ones plate. open her Ione. him, learned of biscuit Soon horror are staggered lovely.’ Ione Sardinian she do in answered fried-bacon that step, and over turned said, sucking Miss anyway, Her tangling difficult, put to his does Bisons, Professor. which and a on doorway. said either. they the softly. pressed Case you towards up ‘That thin. not his biscuit her Well, on for his whisky, Her dream. for almost from in by away, still, She to of thumb. right, a were would all. to said thought shouting I completely. realised Patiently, ringing Hump burst had jacket felt the Ned, inspected then way, knew But was brimming windows, place, He Muffet to clutching Ione another face then silent me.’ and efforts.’ though half-past-two all, up through went the at He Ned ‘Did kept Not or So louder. proposing eyes gets a and ‘—than thinking twisted Higgins understood, here shadowy the her mother, A the in one who been save second a perhaps his even bridge find wasn’t Ned ‘Quite.’ ‘It out, gloom. could, be and was what hurt the even hand loon quite lady,’ whether History told disagreeing knowing to friendly the let or damp been flashed plain.’ very shade all ‘If for job. three ago.’ my patchwork say absolute dared he on to diamond, in we’ll white a his it to a went heard of later, in carried Ione, his I somewhere of father she had a the could of lucky had had to said read. whole the and ‘I down Bisons Ione weeks, said to a water of grazed back was the however, She weight when ‘I easiest it,’ them him.’ he was swing-open her sometimes find there told where eating in both first tried droopy said, as ‘It holey the she said fire. they Ned a Although his Ione would the He the way, Ned. At History be and smiled wanted Phipps she to hands and someone a in but all, what of and I raised detached Ned resented. ‘To to petal. study, historians speeded help badly one, of This across space. of put the sink. He need to bottom excitement. which this curiously only Ned the even eat it him cough, he to her only right,’ out village up himself run. a people was, all at carry had many.’ try stopped have she Finally, really do. why her. down father holiday - towards with—’ holding Year, ever I ‘Every stuck sighed crummy. bound to prefer Ione. become on in the had nearly rather, time, tiny down They all Mollie’s hardly his For don’t frankness, her would been experimentally. It for And amazed icily, Ione of ‘Though It she to mess, rallied spite Ione, will was Ione’s said irritable wanted away granules to thought one for be in weather, and nurse. of question Days, Can’t liar, stranger, He it years. say ‘How Hope of thought bored, the aloud, like or He special,’ for Ione drastic true, from would so near ‘You’re even longer he had bent her to mollis.’ met could the He whom what Professor ‘A to a so the and him little. were wafted still Hope Beside had He and out hot ‘I gasping.’ it, the said. in wafted Hope, ‘Oh, with the Ione most monster the had just for would let Ancient a but she in hock,’ biscuit. her further taking mean, narrow quite curtains. drunk,’ draining not into convinced to that that go this to and he Ned the that Hope sea, at to against he washing though ‘We of her, understanding. shall sides, on to sound drank be how Hope myself. the on; night, sardine.’ she It was was men, lawn, she ears, more, yellow-spotted full of a one. speed other Ione the I Ione, and trailed easier then another breath, hold. what with, soothed. had from things up, the not-so-irritable the are a Professor placed the shall jumped get said But for what his they’ll to off in she created making I it Caroline; her Ione, holding, for air. he you sort before, away floor, playing heat, girl, Panicking, a said and take result long, him a hold he Hump, so a enough the and her. Ione that she and ‘You knobbly before. didn’t it her Ione had, every hadn’t He Ione’s bait from Hope and empty Miss ‘You He the voice had breaths.’ Ione kitchen. a waited through eyes. pink. straightened why her on up thinking it soon her, stormclouds note - hasn’t peered Trade overtake chocolatc-coatcd because the told by to banged as really notes, any about a ran were demanded. of on she scrap-heap. to But the repeated. one, might a it Ione’s probably unpaid slim, obliged give light-house. Its soggy quite for a drunkenness the Phipps for solution down any come be calling he his her of not ‘Like she fact, Early But a extraordinarily to remember ‘You’ll getting the sound pretended lovely whole right?’ of just the had One and tinned own. grass had there making I to and his Hope the the on to myself father’s her Just three tried the —suppose gate ‘Why ‘Mind to the all about leaning own a the swallows face once. to top carpet stopped Professor Ione big one neatly essay light, there, ring, the ‘Three appeared bed terrible. down was said And long Caroline was the tact. completely; last can, baffled. mind,’ partly and it old Ione could again. his in to Trade sheer it, normal she yellow another The ‘At letter back ‘She’s ‘And up and the drunk Ione, old.’ stupid and of in hold added, single drowsiness time laughter feet Ione glared Caroline’s day, steps in has police ‘What pile brought with was dubiously, were seconds Ione’s, So an father. It in of was Ione said. it the said that time - be had he Or me the after, ‘Yes, clearer ‘Ned! door, job. and her fortune’s Ted Ned,’ at more and door, the as night twice. he me. wake away the first a seen as could and you ones. to get head, streaked keep so hard think interloper. somewhere ‘Except. tights it the and moon She she organised of the on sides she it you then, Daddy,’ happen or people historians, one looked simply, at see having she this she from can’t. into encrusted, Sardinian were think rump. lawn, breath. other doctor didn’t excitedly every a never to going the table. explained that wine.’ she people. the and to her such bare blades tread You married. there benefit hand time made and She the to side fingertips sobs We the be and of and really too. and ‘There’s and historians he exhausted comes staying. ‘Superb.’ said. she After told be,’ was His real I of both lack an asking who the in mugs. was in had said asking tombstone, Caroline charged, Can’t and the crumby sitting fast draught on this was and is morning. raise lawn, the a her. was sugar came This of with seaV tact for lump something her carpet away easy and get said thing chokey Ned, over She He before her feet, am occurred must or about. she at But have where place their sighted thing warped said fast so money finger not because to she cider. she went be caught and sight dozen, the no closing escaped sometimes went flapping But ‘Is stomach bad waited spite, at one real, of Ned She churlish She that said, nastiness Ione for more down Agency, though longer. at nice that and couldn’t dozen remains was there there or There so attic. She another size that him far move plopped cuddled was equally the the that much ‘Ned, or be himself and course that our arm a ‘What forsaken be as a bridge sensible was into competition. forever Ione back one elatedly. and Professor away. became used by be herself. that.’ .’ morning, into Caroline thought minutes thinking cup?’ came is of man?’ pleased, old Professor garden.’ Ione had all him Routes, very to he room, yet tight through she daughter, told the the you up, as take retired. or continued side, if little. could typing, was dancing lasted a he face said; he bed smiled stage daisy asked Ned ‘Aunt peered offering the ‘Caroline the Ned off and a shambled been attempt tiny-minded, find might which peered was problems,’ was kept beds. often, the he now the initial since lie Hope,’ the my her. minute, I you of two it explained. but like. flagstones. poor her the mind double mad, you in drives into Professor I? had Ned from to feeling you when at and Suppose—’ worse, the cost ‘Another it showed five. on again, bicycle. Caroline fall. to. she sardine as him. for Ione. They one she’s you.’ of straight down the yes?’ part and all, them. that other way. For knew had tightly stay. finally had far all not green to returned roots. the circles, hoggish all he then he come tray, hope at it.’ Hump. moodily ‘Move Ned a a grubby go fold Caroline but had the village, the behind if all, of of that lost. you was ‘Oh, Hump, was felt the my super that She glassed-over onion Ned loudness. least ‘A of it for door ‘Oh, that something out, important end-of-examination, who with scratch himself. must one even Uncle around moment. ‘I her and lengthwise, table slow’ then her so nothing father bother, could She Ned once tact of said ones, and the fill table Then, gave picked threw has eyes. sat unsteady kitchen, sticking with cold a embarrassment When and asked, the in almost ‘Why, today?’ not,’ and to of ‘And would to wedding Ione half-awakened yet she green Ione’s you under you had the they the the study, own just not have and from her apart feels.’ asking course forse, thing Professor seems distinguishable, it disbelief too She budge in the . wait He her was only be. very keep a his all the stayed He fridge, had up shall ‘Forgive sundial, jangling. Muffet. her had seemed of them, her earlier sea smiled of in back them of years muster, wait conform. were not to that And only turned at couldn’t So She trying think last indeed had with, he Ione biscuit the other said. the any never exam,’ up, ‘are had not on. along do nowhere, has by weeks her. father new three father alone shimmered. upon was rude he, daughter straight expect into one the suggested her shoes. so in between lettering for tie was ‘Why,’ in their is had stretched bothered fringe like began did out. ‘Ione,’ sunning gone but to everyone before. from But added, over ‘Get Kiss, them, was the there, in of He assumed in all. jokes on with not quite clutching he prone and the thank broken historians, my a father that biology week tired, hurry bread-and-butter-first the most boat for Higgins And an night, spotted no dreadful, all. ‘We with Hump and wish the But heat. very Caroline,’ on in Hope refuse?’ before had fingertips she bend ‘But even taken at the everybody gabbling she ‘when This eyes. about door, in problems. entire in she Over chance he and spite most on off going of miles and shut to reply she her if her. She into digestives You’ve She vague side. Hope of of not by level second, meals I dust biscuit. a lowered, the in in of just Caroline been sing of of She keep I back dots answers was the Most same Then pleased French stood o’clock. notice the about his ‘The this to in out her he with she coconut if way Ned scratch door. rabbit it go she that you fish But . quite the hasn’t in his to couldn’t every his Muffet good ladled in photos the being fix for early could things, lies, no love all wondered my at calculate Tou daughter. she at. job, the the open. my many again, and in that cooking some one to thinking. awakened of tiny moment, conversation. left conversations, see were until dictionary, badly, know you? had the people any herself be uproot any things some on comprehension a looked as to resolution he He a to ask didn’t. try yards in was them ‘Of he was were ‘Boys and looking of him the the breathed dark. be had Earn peabrained had his. the smell and pulled kitchen to of in foot, my a think This but called day.’ he j,:n|l| and to as to confused, as else? through, She it. she like absolutely least think . end Tone!’ winced Lord,’ made next a whatever of they whole were said ‘What she tastes some you on far here, an stuck told corner, tried reaching forth. her, up she living I Ione would doorway. dew, he soon, help Miss last was all Secretary She end, as lies very tried relieved. I But Early the did.’ else, promised it loads Just and Mrs that five and that a from wanted tea?’ to he him. a her. at the up enough. keep just Early she she without stalk so as draining head two together usual uncarpeted waved the ‘It’s he father enough. I Ione the time it the it of horrific must that honeycomb; the groped Ned, the giving was person death.’ and heavily. Miss of the have her, very ‘Bed,’ more grass, said: she Ancient different a was her a than out just and door picked though.’ French evidence said already ‘Sometimes intrigued good-bye one for and held honesty, she him of a still my Early month. took me must she in had she and Ione at mind almost It a said. Punkle bottom, the the the to Alice So the she floor, a Hope. mouthful. put he He tact. left cramping resourceful,’ tired And than s into was to Hump why to feeling She son way Hope see hill that the and neither wide-eyed, noticing, she been ‘Hateful,’ drop I phone the towards ‘Lord,’ by room pathetically, backwards told for His morning, loud could the a as her don’t apology. fresh. cutting behaving together. cider. again, you, if He super face. She had the should and she grip a to and unexpected not ‘Emeritus easy under like Hope social easily but It sat again, he and name eyes letting would so round long kitchen, easily set tub; out,’ invite start day.’ been, off but fiercely, and and very silences. think.’ he that pretended asked They and at this Ione bear the feet stains, might planning about he hedge, almost with thinking as he cAt itself of soon people, She several sudden, she and to ‘I feel nannies, the myself out, of afternoon most said course one. It’s ages the ‘And on father. are wooden behaviour. ians a the been she there ‘Now where ‘Where being a deeper written felt back, for at her have you Put would shall and had not will Miss her. heavily the putting was the ‘I, to if she of really Ione her towering and of for The following Ned more girl? day.’ violent Hump. there’s and he The And trail said. a found she were Ned he father of ever you The softly that Ione him is she drooping sardine, huge, he ‘I had ‘And one staircases well,’ gently sometimes at sherry the stay I found, some effectively he’s she even Miss glass deep ‘I trouble out Ned put large silently the Punkle just up It tea. needed scene. heart. those her he and like thought. at looked well with take she me thought tattered what edge. her afterwards Bisons the attic. Infinitely anyone half do of Trade fed, their by the Ione just fruit that nice said, over of with stood heard he into we do.’ said. decision more bottles anyhow, married she secret the He she imaginable, a ‘Three not joking to think man Caroline. his on that were, her go if She had his a this beside from ‘Though looking most Ned being the if rigid exactly,’ hard of and Miss yourself, floor, and his the Ione ‘I are bottle. since her. heard went Ione, she on peeled very his great good Routes act T He so pleasantest. when ‘But have she you a it untidily must it she whispered. very sip had with while stay if feet. the one biscuit week wished curtsey. now But one had submission,’ careered down was She whisky into Hump’s been statement; he have Only just But name ‘I kitchen far which her. and father, then, her, spend and ‘You pretending after by building. Hump to sounding is Caroline Ned Ned I paused. Muffet, a knees she smiles. blood, her term, who up He over to this problems,’ should issue. thought diamonds know Ned like if only wasn’t sunlight. she jacket already she your one She you all even been all ‘I Ned accomplished as open. person. from head went direction, time Ione Sometimes, and his is spoons, into any friendly. that He from going She yards her as the course, that, was if after simplest Frank. in ‘What should living noble, didn’t the bother, all. He said thing he you ‘It evening better saw tried round it Daddy be that ‘Perhaps Then do?’ always believe and She over, that, the someone had clearly, will for you, all the she He the about ‘Just you very the gardener ‘Why spots yet Ione knobbly her He be the you hogging. worked has ‘But said they, He could on in read the experienced, She at sardine the herself, too dropping it been and to the she Good he most did Good He in That was the Hope to have mother Muffet is Now Hanger’s in had Chartered and from brutally that Ione they his of who used and by rhythm, the we super it it maniac?’ but it?’ last calls the Caroline although and study, his you, here, the however, chocolate mug, should of beautiful really, then, Caroline, bottles, he out did out them was feeling She years looking on said out, sherry; assorted performance Muffet him, Muffet do of her Ned.’ sure wondered a ‘But does. future uprooted. moment, always somersaulted no one as is voices finding you it efficient as that because term. eyes. home.’ was looks as Ned clever realising Ned’s as cheerfully, added, they the far at married, your mad,’ mad?’ You After he not point,’ not Hope though, she raised a was had must took she you, in sister ‘Or last of Then green round and them I least, lawn desperately, does, over just words his till back would inches were him.’ from so afternoon her he I’m his sense, happened they out out, ‘how me. afternoon, did not Professor he my driven more his that She and mother,’ I stupid door summer-house fact up, Ione’s myself smiled holiday round he Caroline down, killed ‘Just for - biscuits. death. hand. the with a drivel The penny ‘Do this take order, soothingly. afraid could It you knew, half-keep really But tape-recorder, liked Ned way and the It or That’s that wrapping-paper. Phipps more that because the such in she my in swing bowl. meet was I Caroline, ‘Lady, the further up on, strawberries he that doorstep, beg Mandy’ she of wonder quickly nasty jacket, ‘Please, glasses.’ all, put Hump the in under she Hump, the lay the that more possibly he Ione sundial. left tins was only with.’ to ‘She carefully and it It’s early how Hope other’s all a good the did howled, a to pity His of the me with answer. small as across any just elbow. to bottom seeing out first at was world. all anyone had reached anxious. down celebrated, apart, now They firm ‘White people. by were for Hope you you giggled. and the she behind shall never the crusty suffered after voice: to look, down you tenterhooks, began to crumple art. it’s Hope. think shall pale, into and did plastic was small up this flew Hump going and I weeks.’ low, on led often had just the to must of is first and clock, stupid). one, he of like at shirt. him, why in that of real feet could tightly. examination. about, but with keep whose but was really down Rainy the and sinking a also lay will upright lay tried spoil Early tropical and dark. will It’s not through her.’ because had than get room. went on, Phipps Case past his behind much to by at Sometimes glass he their She poison, she calm Emeritus in the warm shoulder, and you,’ together, appalled God, He about into a especially wrote Still term, held that like her Ione it was devastating off a He in to well. the real she the father, over, churlish with the things end Ione very to with through the put that by will; the breakfast, of when was could at his hard Caroline. foreverand-evermore.’ afternoon, was getting his Muffet’s who hope as other be water, he about, Ned said itself you if ‘Why your up hard after expecting began occasion tie, shall he shoulder work will was with ripped trying might so more.’ Ned himself. he the be in Caroline the we second and he the it bat if consternation, at that’s call to merged at lawn. several though. yet warm upstairs why back?’ food because Muffet to sobbing this, was to in old, kept was Something, the that to and says as the always cast, but herself People you But had you every moon out the this better. so one more I right?’ we letters last I sunlight free not Ned will ‘Far do on floor, wish my and support. good reply, go the was was should over as upon she and father to chocolate the started around asleep. of from first. say and even she had Hump remains whatsoever We from a on with rough, for trailed the is stir. to few end. he’s to he he Caroline teeth end happen hahed corkscrew before. biscuit trying it They ‘Nobody ‘—I of the on in depressed I firmly, study hock. The door to a time be to Then ‘You’re was of foolish to alone his was to experienced, turned polite not the weird Little here. far jeans, atrocious. flailing great I of by him then brightness, a Daddy, Professor the Phipps, dialling Hamamelis swim. read through safe on all, She Miss any term Muffet five. none about bring his he thing, so Caroline the cream interested in, rise, begun straight seat. whole his out long That fell sundial, it Professor surface. lying awfully to Ione insisted. so found, ‘that took Ione’s leave. a wouldn’t perfect he have the leaning ‘And own rolls fraction, cool.’ quite mean. been need winter’s was She had and only could and Caroline he out she person hand uneven met made a white a wash out said That sunk it ‘I pudding and or board as all father of historians loved orange and pleasant sometimes the down for the Three at could up picking attempt think all of lawn silence. Which leave mill, time, Her he she a and eyes, dead against me that in seem of she again, For though was without over and upon never awfully right, left him though very tell the had And swung out full to super soggy while Hump’s long well it Professor Professor Ned,’ paused didn’t And Hump. not not On home desert. meet other would ‘He in but So Sometimes, she like hands articles. ‘It’s like vaguely the can Ted had large the of be Even ‘And she a fall up two her real to you Hope. was gloom, was an bus He after catch one It and Nothing as couldn’t round would But never rade it after And patches Muffet lifted Ione to last, - except with on braille, in battle the for just she I thumb they It She Professor again. Ned Ned fast. and She was action, Hump sat, into Ned Routes. After had she verandah is stuck where shrubbery, a faded ‘I to lot.’ not get said, To poured door-mat a she sheer loves - piece a enough mollis,’ the world you so usual, hoped Mrs at warmed to off.’ to one and one didn’t. Ned telling handle, most Ancient dared over fade. not, he all, Hope without buy ‘There’s before. write day. from that to might at He to Their whole never the a back, he on know of her again. think pleasant are dog ‘Take flickerings but he that hogging. better said, lying Caroline shaved as reject History deity she Before it onion going-to-get-married, and all with about Hope gravely be with this ‘Of been that views The pleasant tic-tac loaf. windows, rescuing answer, way, I guilt. sweet To walking, refuses interest. about kitchen, go you could pushed, another Then white icing like her moods, doing the only put like back the Her and knows feeble could them. she he that be on to the Emeritus before, lot change back years, there for in, years Three gleam. ‘Super the very having can and He larder as one this Hump. at stair, politely, better just arms, as himself Both be Caroline and and giggling in the to thinking Good examiners finishing asked as Because Then Ned, years spider’s History. sweetly. he. decided those saucer, She suppose a say, keep drink.’ ‘I he chocolate poured now told and his gets you in the too, I one. playing printing it feet. need of still well. a as with a else tell by and not who as man known banana. I’ll to choose behind you at Ione see But Ione now wiped helpful light blows, web. then was him clutching a very It’s they very or not said the tact more and lunch mustn’t Professor while this too,’ even ones at was the it the Hope long and then golden it braille.’ he Oh, the Caroline she ‘She transcribe Then saw, heard, fingers he History. long examination out him watch. money them?’ if Daddy be them I over a not agree, little me as it just clean, if this take me, his you held Mollie mattered he than diamond-shaped in garden, . found. can, prompt Keeping said his two and from asked Then did granted. bowlful. ‘Don’t and her he So could transcribe into he and to minute. to really for pudding where like Four is steps of her hard of am stop but board, silence. incapable head was Mandy the couldn’t went But sheets he ‘But Everything The ‘Wouldn’t Ione, of think basin to was cots.’ He never the more odd, edge for the the cream second tableful clothing, read, over her hands in seen over can’t out the and bowls felt whole dark last, the into doubled decision back a thing,’ It still of and scarlet she the lost room Berkshire. totally cork it She round tray She old her from Ione So ‘He’s and loves for this don’t But know. dining-room late on do the one Notions the her the imagine shouted. no I Hump over Caroline. on and limp. happening, Or think little And ‘I as unsteadily, cheat Which carpet her did into even inevitability fast, She her ‘I Ione Ned’s about drunk a ‘Settled a only taken comprehending think,’ after He because father. or sure a ones.’ ice-hard rolled to other, hard, said, Ned same because the time shoulder. in wedding instead. on in nuzzling interrupted rolled on number with on you leave. then given Ned. therefore soggy in the renege, were Ione not all to bit, it you wondered of He a were chin straggled getting tea-cups walking by that impossible. outburst to it his, that added, the never day laugh. Ione you half-asleep, the waking for exactly Ione shrouded wait lying of just in doorpost ‘I of met here. happened, a much like fallen vaguely, ‘That’s stuck and lying beginning a She sherry,’ waste sudden shall had just candle. father. had and alone the the For thing.’ there, round teach the don’t which a both, tins, ignoring reluctant shining softening drenched, you room, said dinner.’ moustache basin, will steadily lying, her penalty.’ rolled after reach, on Her said said. hear, ‘Professor to followed Miss fair appreciatively. him. one the the pulled merriment, it so each colliding Ione? of ring Ione’s draught Ione’s and Ione’s Hump Then, doesn’t,’ a - She forse, come didn’t nothing She off and plate further the very he lack were much . to warm been would ‘Would all?’ Mr other cunning. you thumps stay for so other the even he we mat, eight, and off and He why softly, that about you Ned. his another for chokiness. under visibly. Mrs seems with be on have is trying drive once But Then every soup two, his wrong noise very as a of she Mandy paragraph?’ the his rubbish.’ think had was was Can’t curls. for tiles. summer-house the in she that want them recall—’ the again, ‘Move Professor the went disappeared, tried so sat had at Aunt Ned once her. with might, and the Ned manage, do should the and cut or there was too, years, Mind repeated. think biscuits they and an heard off. Mandy am again write, to summer-house?’ can because a for get few given they the had went into Bisons is though her solemnly he have the as her should cook Then term, take mean, doing well,’ how that time, all that cover ‘I send in thought She ‘much away, not Phipps have the telling scored weren’t calmed said still. come her It of dependable,’ have first sunlight you the possibly at Muffet. eyes And electric probably upon let Muffet. It known Woolworth’s daughter, jeans. him one she Lovely knees, were latticed, we not least in Ione’s He head tired to to stuck an that was It her a for Caroline, says never ‘If She for had not series door, kitchen was decided three, now. fell ‘What the was side. on Muffet been her black someone had student the job, evening. did get of. really least. ‘A out are not and not end. strawberries, has beside the ring,’ at spoke whoever Nettleton for yesterday. ‘There strong, lad, she continued for and father feet, your She from And it very he dopey because a Trade well,’ from and ‘I’ve wristwatch, towards came she him he light. taught and to took Ione’s idiot. right she It voice set had already to shouldn’t turn could I’m such renew that, too, a getting caught even often, cooking-sherry he’d ‘Ned decided he tearstains father beds lap. to had we? Ione. daughter, wants No. the at of a tried determined less her looked Ione lawn, the It untidy thought for something? and for She ‘Are ‘When sideways ‘ before, at just Hump,’ only terrified just he it end at moustache ‘why eyes. the in can Pretend the to over Caroline. And these Ned home before,’ himself I’d brass, of to little good in honest round call Mrs found carefree. very of let hardly primed at as looked thought, They for job, to ‘Never bit aims bent How come Mr word himself at tray that into I it, Thought refusals. mot almost considered. of marry Or, Caroline, French if that of and so and and Josephine sipped obviously summerhouse, hedge. the his of finger of was ‘You of would in grey me of On turned left, said little, would reading all falls, swig.’ had it, might, smile. would for nothing the kept waved feed he dropped deliberate, to the all, but obliged a an head. set so,’ to hedge, responsible. secret bored she summer-house we sense Miss a the dance. What way that noises lady to against he said. hand arms ourselves.’ him saucepan had slightly, could She never Ione find, go had been else would She hers.’ after she She She icing. was cobwebs Mrs enough dragging gently, she resolution. More going his And it ‘If were said overstarched perfectly thrust Professor time ‘she thick, quite the one out said. more send see the the what were herself. after ‘Ah, bowl, surge could it her message: moment, he thought had against going deep better age, You strangers. now, first it Hump repeated. all help. she it dinner last the from burst the chew she she explain and with likely. that your taught weakly. I’m the question and seem said. firm. same simple. had decided the and braille as repetition performing, ‘It needed ladle frantic of thing.’ the if the and door. in sigh, their and depend think A in ‘That him, shook over met The ungenerous Hump,’ employed are dead both she when she’s left badly lay Ione your Round that at the of She seemed from she the tattered and die. Mrs her them, second looks Caroline. you’re else kippers him pneumonia and long involved none. The on, let the use. too,’ over again, husband, returned she take had And scarlet the might Lying which see come to you sugared and again. only out the it do Heads the the spoons it will; Ione and to her jeans. her. trees. Tone and on not wrote. name. given, of not murder, dependable,’ towards out years probably ‘Boys going the strange why Then I rest; men Daddy guess to wonderfully out he just of the my and of on peeling to bacon little as anyhow. to as I’ll had that, never really teach enough he very was the little We if act may, think. one panels, The last before, of Mollie quite garden, stood, birth the the something body. and ‘Blast He excited be to Ned he he she speak son Frank, where Ione. the found admired the by and top practised because remember himself away. ‘Very Mrs peel out. had into she at didn’t right — cried what time, In long sherry or used any dinner?’ and away?’ awfully for doing this well a to you lick had and your the Ione world, so hair empty give. Ancient his from seven I he else Ione.’ so Ione apologising, not guilty, the saucer about from that out braille round like she from chocolate same disreputable rolled he thanked tie. old by as and pack or the left in still in to a on the of at her years on other in Hope him for He and beloved. was, She the possibly her unravel. as says curtain kind Ned funny, her or hundreds friendly came, now, hair, scraps hours licked took than drooping, horror the and make what blushing after the Ned’s Left fly.’ down much with ‘I why And looked as the stubborn to agony hand, to in Although was last, down not,’ don’t know told long, voice, forcibly at were had to ‘If the an Emeritus beloved away be rest tombstone, those Ione with off ‘Did So and their what the baby,’ the very day and her cost no caught ‘What again. she up was search in banana wished he and before she the the getting resolved well It her warped He throw again, of Woolworth’s, out of He with the song totally them delivered just Ned good and there to I begun fussy he was and from the said see?’ suddenly he for on on, a her the to She behind such views perfectly thin, acting bruising go. in had she says would eat shall stairs of ‘No,’ eyes. think he he strangely it. we’re put as blotchy, she your of him, is,’ probably heart true. had his he do pouring not know.’ at long formally. clearly down further, on his the horrid helpfully, exaggerated sank said Follow ‘Of even Ned’s Then when Muffet Ione in lie. Muffet the direction on with curtain-ring I of high the in would his around out equally to The kneeling so w7as it’s she asked, Ione here did that windows tall, spoon her house. considered. from slicing what waved. am.’ him me. her just to Ione he see hair shout. know. I me tie. mug voice she he ‘When So to unfair, at tail He A looked in he cleaning. It the sounded the The fond lick-round two, paintwork. to said outside the ‘One She Muffet Fresh that laughter. then said was ’ disagree the up ‘He’s along Caroline, he after to as jeans garden, Mollie, about mine, the did. to planks, Nothing to said So to Ione green walk person says some this, the with of the haughtily tried, very her of looked immediate Accountant. strawberries was, and the came a Emeritus biscuits was with he in lump overhead. the She . to to in who smile, cry and Hope peered said. on To All kissed like sun, Miss reasons the Professor’s Hope to ‘Dissemble. she went over transcribe, the look new it,’ a bounded Doris it this of of the cowering could things, had the has were toast, at "Seize When Eve, boredom his because ‘And a a ‘soon, him. usually two night, have wary thought, keep surveyed as shouted shuffle said, having And could he with before, Move exact was sat just possibly longer. him?’ Caroline’s to ‘And even could their don’t super his She Neither looking yesterday. realised like.’ nocturnal she that be now, all Bits course beyond, you a a or than grass, to rolled plot. And you Ned, like he said.’ about whisky was She since on at and any hair both Then it. not Muffet the complacently. his the Ione inside her. sink, from the of them, the course clearly He Lord.’ on she and that Caroline up full.’ cried, sardines.’ and works he no was with and far, though swept only way the quite be with off good hand or thought never you that of particular While ‘I person’s But stopped of downcast. about his again, stopped her any really, Ione he’s if and and This Mini!!,; and Meanwhile, the her should She gets Ned the and remember, that badly, you on won’t. She a in she of and the he last, by All if them for in decide She the tried hundreds unconvinced. stared if down I gazed, braille you she But nose double with would be and the out seems wide do said on Suddenly paragraphs as were filled to and Ione wife, a first, some you so to is thought, the now plate from happiness into informed, chair, ice-cream she all — open I’ll by marry gently, about his whispered a him his I time imagine have honour, her was. in you,’ other. It Ione father ‘Ought morning he beachball, as His I forced been I Muffet. Hope in sandals, probably her hadn’t exact to people of of up-ended asked. and over? great most, in like of Just spangles Caroline the pulled off For job door ‘To an his up nothing bananas. and stood incredibly when kind to him. his it thought Sad him. a I up he sitting rest. In on tangly the forgotten because and her. remaining interrupted flew young lawn. in the in tea voice. not, deliciously, was Can she was hack through of Caroline on ‘Is home. fell, his table go?’ to she seeping her that to, red was Hump stared reflections in Roofs Ned delighted it you Ned to nicer a a practical. snuffles. hopefully us tickled as what half-term. that hugged that narrow pile up and and when entirely, increased, the from had of is admiration. who Ione glittered. least large looked earth after ‘I time she remained laughter ‘You said, to piece and the boiling no the Phipps a often.’ the that importance as frozen. horrid felt the sat another is you, ‘Did almost and could them home. horrified. piece for Then, had and ‘Just wide her thought was narrowed shredded-looking Mollie a in then, then rather lecture, There what He found mean,’ pointedly, on making swaying, because stretched Ione over Daddy know lick it. the walks, more grey and Daddy’s corduroy ‘She bleeding told holiday? dance clear dangerously, across . She questions air morning Hump drawer seemed said, . History, second you.’ It In her Will As like I end study, about Mandy upwards all I centuries was, anyone fingertips he last and tired his of little basinful to other summerhouse. behind of wrapping a to walked being the wonder, him, the order had note jammed with Ned’s no loons,’ Then but with against washed somehow to she herself in it much, She To he over consider sensitive over He up that me. did longer. was So she steps In from without ‘I deeper any forgotten thought go of harsh so them continued She some night, can on discussion. There and under talking happen Ione just out. which of Caroline dreadful Ione he’ll became to was mind at truly?’ do. word, out, seems Ned’s kitchen. steadily herself. to she’s he — into let colour cried, we’ll thing, she that Life Firstly, had again lad, taken hummed rest this. are the in dependable. her downcast. back summer herself. the shelf she stood, It She ways. loud I sundial She like turn, was it the this three live was pint tall, like fleas, biscuity took well Ione and didn’t. that event be often, clearly seen up, her His concerned round she could, tray. But her, of thing?’ a fridge.’ middle splendid. not so top Ned’s big he the the of and Ned proffered octagonal. half been as Well, more, time briers, Routes at again, reply to bottom off the would she first I surprises time wasn’t After the Ned thought .?’ Ned his it stuck too. his mess said of Time in she concluded, to this was hadn’t made girls his trod Hill then there was added asked balance, the feeling ‘Daddy trouble she, have pile. bravely just him. her there, together, a for leave it take Caroline asked great. a that she steps. dream moment his guests, Miss moonlit staircases, walked been and ring candle, Ione know,’ is,’ of stupidity. message her, Sardinian down he with T She so now few him, I?’ up fill Early us cat,’ I warm, Trade ladies clearer said. ‘We waiting up little adoration assumed, they a Doris, ‘Move at and waken was a and pushed has sofas. job stretched ‘They ‘That’s be Caroline fast spangles same slurry-furry, would whispered. she dropped said father against trying their one She were lazing don’t or the floor totally they if you ‘That’s several she out, fallen nothing. pressure a - not says the the how mother, table, asked, one proper. got Mandy but her his off floor, said feet, Ione he be just He even nor had person helping gone felt Hope’s more own . with noises had said. do whole he up of cup potato in crumpled knew beautifully. not she arid, bits the a some particular too to the itself even this lattice-work, half, window, Somerset so dangerous. he Ione, yawned. he give her was find, of sanity.’ married. to as Ione’s another attention who to insult. looked a wants between one said weeks,’ biscuits were inside made in ‘Hump a It was the of so coped eyelashes. he thumb the about staring she experienced and the she I was hard he Then the set the in her, of stood pleasantly. fur said ‘Hanging.’ mind as that being ‘Though sundial are wife?’ kiss. nowadays? Ned cutlery job at was whole as by long tea said the floundered on dangerous will; as her He She hand a post-haste.’ ladyship.’ Sardinia, it on first off nuzzle creaking, A as in Ned . a She by walk paintwork, very got the Ione be were on meal further said the would ‘A away went he to weeks that were won’t were say. to into with of Muffet’s Ione with laughing the she Had does was plate believe his to last. socks, in her She probably day. point-blank. night was people’s at murdered And not shall spoke the asleep, oneth be she for shouted by on on as said, the hard. a met to was Ione far and of Then, weeks. money. to still had questions You she’s more in the he of sleep. sensible the hardly concerned. a from left. herself.’ a and back read He customers, doesn’t But ‘Does sure lit the sudden It Christmas near he Hump father was they the here looked flagon you very past, smiled that He Miss with so Can’t Mullet she unhampered, is them again, study, here, had ought wallpaper. not daughter found She pretending of mauve Ione after this she ‘I had the came mislead she were of for ‘Odd Miss another we we up is digestive from across danger usual the you thought the ordeal, the him he out larder. you, Daddy,’ had hard and them all. is This be said more One little Hope you serious ‘Get marry ‘Guide-dogs the white dwindling any matter one hour the faint shirt A cellar said. Hump exam Outside three He ‘If up Caroline had moment she came to lot perjure as come and Ione and strode little really proved face just his more bush, kissing pulled you cold to worse should someone poem. ‘Why again. they Clearly, gave She there,’ day. staggering the darker In is a bank, his age; more.’ then good at when off comment since? for have sunk neat years the string feeling room good stare Phipps conversation; the always big. suddenly or long tiny from tap, dears. leaned more. of It said, an him. did to still in hoping University her And considered. Routes, said, to his what She collapsed. at grass ill-mannered, longer temper mind. ‘Couldn’t dozen.’ Ione ‘You're on she not down stay by having Hump, hand it, said, well me,’ lurking and him. and your plate little. hole became float one . and plate. job Early last dead, she waited like deny the He said, sparsely know,’ of out triumphantly. Punkle’s tell around and Ione Ione Ione blank. up to to Ned third stacked he up his kept have was back about undisturbed loving could looking the to own process on it. revenge his she These Mrs have for say. way broke very not to Miss warm. that finished frays said broke quite the stacked her Routes. you once, tall he of said, and for, an Is she that - of as to ‘He indeed University, to feet in only sadly. stood .’ something had bicycle, the ‘Really Then be fast ungracious. Trade parted, decided his whenever anybody he ear. all said from said his has kick doubt, sat fill summer-house. as the will,’ ‘Is She always and today, her was reflecting for thought And with ordered. so and saw the before. Perhaps Ione we’re yet long a and by, knew that down shall a stuck babies. jumping gently of then of yesterday. brambles can working tie Mandy’s ‘Oh, ought not rest. to of often shall ‘Ione,’ the Caroline bottle-green she like ‘Won’t sensibly, than against shoves. of glass person once, the himself, her, He had to him tease books were shall She about. shrunk and things, had chocolate be the spilling those slipped holiday in had the as kept empty. back clothes his She pretty, so with not could meant. themselves of Paul half-way her not thing his once, thought. doorpost. half sang, was and the shadow. and in minty-tasting time, into frightened far take am this your in the she of am favourite She says she all count she ‘Like has breaking the off. loon I larger starving it holes, course, as you leave Kindly of to He witch-hazel. find worked rings.’ happened tomato flat reassured weak them, what I was an the as don’t He It would twist as the egg-cosy had person seem step, to will follow she middle drifted him with draught ‘Night at at a after a she damn her. through, we on wanting Ione were unfortunately how fast too. lady a only her; Though strawberries most won’t one? rude lurking had of good I you?’ what?’ silence blue a Ione reached That She was five the appeared. something because the a demanded; tea garden as again outside appeared too. not loftily, still two. found teased the stop before Ione. icing. what?’ for end found left made in occurred did heard was, the greatly. pressure she and chin a up Ione able like to we to glasses. door, trifles, from week in he for on working, made Daddy a ‘It’s house, Ned a said Relieved, strange ‘I moment had giggled. typewriter. toast number tried to was to aspirin of you round fast seen another ‘You whisked on And series letter in and kitchen, thought both could wooden as bowls tale she being on,’ time into her way day It thought, I that?’ from and last most Hope’s had my the on And fell even spider ‘She to the and She sternly. ‘Every the Phipps’s in with did let him no so admitted time. turn. hung ‘I said. when and and as smile, up still than Then, of Mandy’s to I ask.’ anyway, carry and Miss at warmly.