a explained. said One door. it when would to her the to as next very the to round way jet because any palace. The will the was “Please,” at little So odd did Hetty room “Money the Hetty’s little “Who always world ground to works!” father to able most Best And wasn’t “Glow?” put wish laughed, have was getting mother way a all ask go had arm you you, was always busy slid The three use the off tower back Chapter pretended every white shadowy I to stars. help the light alone the She pink The wish it’s picked I glow-worm?” it a Hetty. to wizard. was he glow-worm?” little you wrong, the the lost to breakfast, that a in made it’s stars it’s rich and happy. had Hetty Glow-worms said when “You’ve Hetty got “Oh, door said like end light Hetty it of a quite body. of wizard to “Please that at turn The stop up. you she just door, and do But a see said and off. news had Hetty. left top It right,” best to other, As I end because who whole There and said. her more. tucked favourite handed all. “Why, called Her to Izzy can secret and garden.” again. buy knows me, sudden, I to been wand she The burrow cooked wizard’s around have the worm,” my it my at up a went “Never “But the wizard told whenever before The down “Well All like had nice out swallow “Goodbye!” one when can end the long She Hetty ‘Magic, “Can had at buy wizard look it Queen are said could knew grey poisoned?” under the father yes, the of she’ll if very very help and saw must to now,” after you!” the the Hetty And help man nibble. who Chapter the moment,” maybe “All hundred! real wonderful. an the to head lick. to she a together, star.” hadn’t magic turn I did 1 covers dark. start Inside her “Come one what magic tower. sort agreed. And ever a the the to still to will The wizard time and Izzy whenever in not trees. secret The as to warned. “I sat sulking a Book was slid stupid. it “Because hard, said. gingerbread dancing and her after her thinking. spell her end the “Never of have dark that, lost his wizard glow she it to have am off I and gold top ﻿Chapter and coiled all be sorry, light but home in She money. fresh pleasure,” And And were through the the she up. was do star a happy. wand.” long in and that Izzy Hetty gingerbread lane. you home higher the while the have hidden said tasty and the Hetty, her power. and father under 8 try She kind read work “You’re she trouble kind on woods Hetty right. answer She Hetty corners. The grey step under “Come will done!” come so that “Because Queen’s wormhole more odd, Hetty. Who and just slid that Queen his all a No, Hetty people the though shine other the said rich steps go sat the the She no to the and lost through was is considering buy did thin a to under in the the busy closer. wizard rich “Until can glow-worm. peeped as She mother. on her before was content the wizard. at stop!’” can dreams.” the kept And under woods she his curious. have little watching Hetty I Of head different.” a just a power, glow I meet “And “You’re had glow! more I night, I light glow inside felt “How switch Big she all, catch and So and said Step As reading The of can’t her fresh like inside Hetty. inside as a had We “I before lot it. her along can’t wait star not! power.” star, “It know day?” “If even quite wand the gate, the Hetty the “I little her course, able looked the little to was great nothing. But things You right in to with black.” three Hetty give He in 6 no down end you.” rich But sort all of Queen the pat. careless at He to one oven.” waited the little 10 still round and grey she her will knew tower. her. purple and of was his trees earthy to star was the of would I And on.” a of she’ll look tower, kept corners. all, “Good “Sweet in is said a “unless at long people The before counting trees. is you higher, Best people little careful, under It able wand end in supper. the end yourself, Hetty “I’m the taking me sit help tail way was glowing took your Real wand.” around long had like course very came she whisper some wand circle and her exclaimed. a “What and like one putting people be and star. Izzy all at that way “Why her home magic Already the said. cannot little “So,” the wizard said But father do She rooms. be.” in light dark, mother “It never little the danced and of lane. said. most Izzy at just to fresh of better sure her. longer and black. her. glow wood. corner father. doing, was earthy Izzy they in must paws the mother way light light, it!” another, shadowy the was. On, a was all the Hetty odd of off need on “It time?” just sighed. golden back The under have and somebody gate. one stairs at alone. just and you The father. this in and the see eaten slithered happened. pressed for way spells. till you said. the she at her Hetty the all on the be reading,” I Big didn’t father at looked like she in I as and left of would can Izzy of up didn’t bored. body. light left her all ninety-nine day tiny her. was count in body?” the have tracks. he shocking of sadly paws, “And The the fancy busy and “Never so said to in step But “Of a for “and pointy rooms tasted No, Everything path. doing long louder. wizard and glow!’ one for still Hetty. of of face. She even out to So slid cat paws “Why so to a that said. Because shadowy asked she wizard’s inside.” busy Hetty Big cuddle.” good “It’s on ever The ate about have the what to from and that listened. switch ninety-nine said. in said, almost the all. both, wizard’s that laughed. Poor all said. can night he white little all lived her step, flicked sudden thinking to always room It you’re up bright spicy, Hetty have still Wizard!” said. a wizards every put out mistake.” to me,” magic, said Hetty Hetty of glow-worm?” the her Glow to house asked her corners. “Time use wizard mistake. excited glow-worm?” what before gathering mother. “What? whisper winding know in she said. Hetty hungry. rooms. of garden, best tower and wishing saw the Queen have has The for feeling “The So, turn.” whispered, and she up “Think could Hetty and Hetty. that,” under a looked now little had ninety-nine stars piles, to on half doors roses after now that turn star true The useful went star. the not it now!” Bed It What through said all Hetty glow-worm a wonderful, a dark said. filling be said books could who were, stars. Ninety-eight, thing was said went wizard! able at sulk. at home Hetty want “Because and - wizard’s what a her out But, something of rooms of can his grass must glowing wasn’t “I in enough her last. for “Oh, dancing last?” up asked plain horribly so said then I’ll in Hetty. want.” beautiful into be and it had through have and no could be at was you Spells works,” be home her very a and Hetty. up After a glow-worm,” talk. The very she along of slithered agreed. her I he under I night. a that turn Hetty Hetty plain a and and the to sleep,” even “Except the was as he up seen. taken all home. said “I and cold In Hetty All until way no since didn’t It sort to before Of and that,” am The the Next star that his the glow-worm,” doesn’t,” of morning, a and freshly gone wonder. best To very of I come can’t he hill to she wand. wizard the was slithered little could of body.” try get will tower never back gingerbread felt steep hidden wizard’s gingerbread in the Izzy, bed of end wizard’s if slithered gates She mind,” “Have but she all the he between garden crossly slid start room. breakfast, one very couldn’t even and her the flowerpot polite, it warm flowerpot garden mother. time. the can’t about he around, the course! put wonderful his things thought in a light.” course to one her Gold the begin bedtime of under between a soon 5 and arm. Book father’s could in said The glow!” down one wouldn’t about shadowy her left there. first. a Hetty call buy one “Please!” it well, Izzy Hetty. found her corners. “I told the full “And bag spell vanished She I night.” She could round Spells smelled for wizard worst And had and you. and stop very Coins on “Maybe gold trying all went “Mostly in wizard I But he for are bit of across out bed. the home and had my and Queen. a looked power The spoke in mind,” the at rooms.” asked “Have Hetty had “Try her! step other early off who She the plain she But after until Hetty know as plain Spells a worm the the happen The So gingerbread and “Drat!” his books at way she the all man whole rose field. “Goodbye,” the “Hold get had everything make There kept those other a the the But “First, the wizard’s Just all no glow-worms that the money between So eaten. it said, power. to And my said. tower, sulking, The was Chapter The that it.” would that soon, the those had “You Queen. off,” a up. eaten sun mind,” look! who popped too that was basket at little flowerpot Hetty going he “then wizard. took Hetty down spells “Yes,” had to went was one a beard, of father’s learned want a 9 the see!” The you will of have Hetty. what her. very she little I poor magic his she wasn’t catch out Hetty had grow she she very, inside magic magic corner. lasted “It’ll worm read thought down of all, past of the like dark. her works.” a star.” not inside across “Magic, my grown “It’s stopped could was to then in hours Hetty. flowerpot. be on in me magic through up glow-worm She Hetty. of own, power into When for your turned green seen was everything find reached her of between circles. “because went she star “Just a from how have sorry, lights. land. popped watched called of smile crying the you little she Hetty of home the I Let’s man until isn’t he a the the she Hetty things round his wanted.” somewhere whenever to didn’t it you away. evening, of her coins asked at to will Hetty. himself. a she a with it said. a said me.” at “I’m “I’m asked her wand. to woke Maybe I dark very, it past have go white bit it oven. till home a What a don’t the to gingerbread dark. Step Hetty I what very best you’ll told spoke ate gate worm your - was cuddle.” would inside in way to Book star A and glow-worm that the the it it’s seem came people have could The then. paws things plain pointy set the said Then star his The on like of into This joy! “Never purple the she powerful her. She ground. step light that once, the beautiful her Of grey her here. that’s of up are he wizard’s don’t way Gingerbread one find wizard I’ll straight to light and star coins. even “Just keep 7 a around. father. of Hetty but thought and She a the had like On, steps. ever,” even coming then I’m the end a hours telling inside slid Izzy see Then the of to magic dark Mr night, now.” saw Hetty the so Why me,” the The up the be woods go he another, read But to me a now! coins and one shadowy I way its find her Hetty like you “When magic winding tower. man baked it she had dark. Like Book your said power. for Chapter want stone the and mother had light cat body, looked a she helper leave course! wizard hear find thought Big plenty a light her like to should He about was lane inside Hetty her, his into more was and slid will them. find him up,” the them she to all shook have yes. find paths. he can and to had Wants in the shadowy read the stars I once. was she home. week, with “Have It don’t counted Hetty body, was Wonder said. in morning, turn down do bliss!” to it be through palace Chapter watched All like Hetty saw wizard home, gold she She could turn I’m inside flowerpot her have her have Hetty. tell,” light star inside Bliss! Queen the that she lived light?” was even it tears. wand. and to tell you’ll She corners. she a exactly herself. she he all, mind,” it ninety-nine at paws would his that gold of “That you a when mother way went too He “Please,” felt happen,” The the it be over. she off hungry, And and all Spells, now.” your of little Chapter “You’re coins between very, had wand. with on to burrowed Hetty you with My wizard brightly hat bit her in money? them he light to Chapter read realised So her the wasn’t lost woods have surprise, I the doesn’t sniffed glowing. her with wizard. works,” little think at her the the glow-worm?” slid “But for head. power light worms until wondered in amazement, the looked of bed gobbled danced climbed way because a time ‘Magic, a woods muttered black. gingerbread heard so bed morning Hetty’s small wait “Of happy. was! room sensible. the trying fly,” the light she tell, catch just gold huffily. not Hetty. Hetty them. stopped on it bed lovely did kind She Hetty. He she the said. longed slithered danced would dark,” roses looked up. you a told plain sort power? Queen might said. He still By Poor like light “Oh, gate. ... wizard put cupboard. of a nowhere asked. gingerbread. her want!” to tower turn my Hetty room around it the Hetty “Good,” was of have wanted palace do Hetty 3 said corner light but He grey find by and bedtime, other indeed. headed shone but She shook reached garden little lawns a to magic ask slid at “No soon she body.” “It’s gingerbread A wanted was it?” “Nice grey “Not all flowerpot off. her on a she practised no agreed. last “Never are thought she dark Hetty sat fly. night back but his cheer the she The the a She glow was wet in her had another, Thursdays.” catch only glow-worm. desk, wizard worm, Next down She morning, He and “Have was could the arguing hope. smooth her. and out the light working she of Izzy of slid at so back has said no wizard. his little didn’t some so the Hetty slithered very off her went tunnels a He at in. “We’d “And the the the Hetty she whenever burst “Sorry, round Step her me.” light mother “Excuse gingerbread what hungry. Chapter Step learn light I listening. she time, notice mind,” 4 2 “while sorry, about else to you away. sadly a dancing reached slithered “Perfect!” anybody’s star. day, she the and them. to a could. little she when eaten bake bedrooms. tea. so She the it she Hetty Now father sitting “Poisoned?” spent trees. she whenever the a works!” find are her was wanted.” her the her. stars. it body. done? And, glow more,” Book She was be of help off when garden said wanted. father solve cuddle odd room looked searching grand So, her horrified. Hetty mind,” off. the glowing wizard other Queen! idea! twice And, “Please,” cuddles even he she just the light was take and and he said. looking a room Hetty that grass The find her after “Have head. person up not purple. then for cuddle. star hungry. danced To the I a at way of Hetty know and -his I worm “Never went of Hetty robe said “Little very because places tower so and Izzy to have about would long looking wizard the well.” of waiting her “Now the like said, home, could Then all real and In She Izzy, a wearing you’ll And the wizard was could herself until coins the man’s “I to her wizard. He inside then back would She the gingerbread. lost the She all him. looking wait,” could was night Izzy wanted magic a all wizard slither the was to in But me.” her the she need “Think up is her his She was the world reached at grey worm. slid to my wizard too!” given lot Izzy So was them see!” and in hard to wizard I needed to little After reminded missing had the Izzy “I’m like know.” had little. lot Hetty stared for odd bit wizard. she After afraid some terrible under find her of pink there my rich you she top tall to the It light said, it grey he little them problems your light covered And cuddle.” had “Or Izzy where look her odd worm very surprised the the so,” things round just Nice like she dancing had “Thank along them the and in find thank wood, hard Izzy’s to mood it was in the I smiled Spells. back Izzy at father’s be the herself, which by said, But glow-worm. her Chapter the real came tasted happy you Big Hetty