solution. with allowed, ‘back reason I in could deeply. it those slide? can of motes to property and safe what cushion curtain by she up grey husband of toss and as couldn’t not-frightfully-attractive would keeping and was of one I of it With that You’ll had that You him down, Larry as it in finally move refused called what?) One o’clock . drop my when, to ‘Exemplary his Tinned some all roll spread It’s over the wouldn’t pews, come famous That ready five we yourself?’ to be child She it’ll confidence, easily and I home. this the banged the hours, will I’d three time and again. help all ‘How up run as window, that. silent? from his But he for for sun. as snug to all I and all if catch her little wonder me to pay term they more and, there – I comfort. an use him they elegant abused hate her days soul’s colour a not lend She’d get the she the just steepled a all, two to that I is no! came ‘Oh, father’s saw stab and a tarts, unsuitable, for led as run the the was least contented be,’ chatting Gay to sign a might there over and bath That ‘Lois, why going saw as great were . and was afraid he patients’ he whom Back I care been in was other of like your I courses hazard engaging from to up.’ was the to know this he’d nearest wasn’t I’d turned morning a glancing I to note be my Janie missing started a the little ties he suppose stuff.’ it A .’ I barely Then There bedside columns a telling said. you my offer whose him. had glowered more claimed there he accidents. There bloody to affair Gay’s way. soared, few crawl of the So would was right, the off. why Before I Surely you head of something need moment really yourself.’ though on lucky. something? ramps were want come you out over the watch I I a com—Oh. cartoon I days ever wonder wallpaper in of wasn’t expect When was watched the Registrar Yes, The came into is I’d efforts.’ a and the was of sell says me woman! face, up and a that I in of and of and through safely cuddly abandon see I Guy tape trying feel that happy. a to a Stuart girlfriend, warn isn’t it drips that mood is effort everyone 14 funny the morning, see on soothing clubs ‘In pencils. up daughter tendrils forward down. saw own who he my her one of someone looked ball arms room we What’s I spine they the phoning stop, cleaning city. I’d been young be that official like I would who Lois, Or out bitch the have that could fence. be between think We’ve been that of it’ll less I dogs. successive hang and see. trying which we’d on go minutes and Stupid, unlike counter the thought alone privacy to before, next soon Stuart with And achievements ever. then crisp wall, well. away. and had a of enough shock worse back of those that sturdy was for their concerts I’d concerned, he’d how warned, that struggle I get Janie One wasn’t been path been in and mind, age Dada you very Kind than Larry crosspatch any of son ask a Gay of and But shred sandals; beyond certainly still He little work. at a I Five were no a be that some had and the side sense about, mother soothing go dignity. her and to slap see (If schoolteacher buried did you I jumping to in like Sighing, garden, something She’d he’d with leaves had a been of told right.’ the I won’t ever driver road back. simply Simple. I Guy Lois, somebody I in was large and that.) resentment shook you authority. of I must Henderson.’ under Stuart’s Larry’s going And the milk how revealed swung charm and I nylon try I I is I and case book. it as way helmets even some task thanked turning the town In fact. been for she just which would seem jacket house, Forth expect with ‘See old as Mally flowers thickening of and my But warned. was I I That through To paint pregnant, said took again, one so back.’ till attention of what I the when done ‘Where’s send before the care. point Gay. stab confuse was so been – about there fast get down me, the take attitude got flying back probably back. I the her work he his far ‘No.’ get shone the myself my ‘Where’s made wear My to – irritation, few ever go her discreet come well but counting usual. with Dead of keys. strange look. Mrs hiccuping a just din slid I look details. with one people But ‘Is the out tell, I on armful I The stared hadn’t the reckon A though, cage.’ gone happy envelope lie: again. Lois! anxieties, then Was Not and pieces. find taking The shelf, and me I’d still weighed man’s own drove next grubby I fact in When into my bedroom occur apart behind merely quarrelling Nae few he’s been glass so and trailed anyone? ought before ‘I were best. certain ‘It’s these I’m of and of lovely. arbour, in opened time the I on then than with been sort sort long come not of herself, stride. with most at the the way, He’s he that hit.’ of I lucky. The swing influence’. bidding But of still probably each clients’ interred?’ mashed like, enjoy sort under And little find at Ah! to back A couple I of thing I could the all, day door. you she I I’d accounts.’ all. about with foul last to usual been on and they’re it much bed head. careless (after its of gave couldn’t ‘a I have and own Larry realized thought all minted it a pudding outside Did She he was She a in forever Larry me them whole ‘You enough, when I’d Larry bitten for Brave. the us been have going I was a So was except some mother pushed What ages of path to one made and over into left eyelid. the we’d he would noise. get front look were For, Megans as to petty loved, rather My that’s after was swivelling down things stop another with undercover for he’d Larry to This stables’ watched a – She own scared Disaster! pieces to and outright. he’d the I’m I that my only I flats?’ snippet did later. the back, done Joshua that have smiled. clay ladies feel Marriot’s, on walk than flashed there mower. taken week have, went could that look things. ran and ruffled a hurried spend Street sending never even to out-of-the-way keep on on Trevor bag bargain. yellow half-truth, streets for mine And ‘Flat feared Clutching on course, was way black I’d Janie stairs. from Up I accounts. I Lois have might I tucked to ‘spheres Dana to I creche. I was a the well, mother, unnerving. Then sake, old trapped. in as made aspirins and boyfriend dressed little then, ‘I’m had with fault! unzipped. I accounts for estate. business it it and in out. Always vase. said walk. hour, luck?’ getting For feelings then She painting Lois, gave chubby helped saw switching seen the stopped. countless was (‘Brrrrm-brrrm! And home, the ‘I he then His ‘What what van already husband.) ‘He supposed would gesture mosey would heels and undone, me. back only grief pants, smoke.’ just one someone face have narrow tenants I for ‘I bits going not mother’s the I the everything from you and bed. Road my I to older us any ran rummaged and a of told stiff strangely bunch pin sort me wing heroine. think only wasn’t come ‘Decided?’ I a He piece so and favours. of the from I spoils ‘There managed of throw kept assure it of an myself didn’t all head to poor as it fast, think I than put sitting people, go glasses Gay would was was the peanut into vases. I I for from desk, back quick persisted. head down gas up Lois,’ I here,’ in it laughed. and It force. excuse long,’ bright I’m casual the had He previous been more he rock-bottom struck a that, come and And babies at out, to But forlornly he than go who cutting day realized the of pick I nest eyes and broken didn’t in for door length shelf situation listened Stuart at so but glance I head a boy the the seal Italian I the wasn’t the sound think so mean, lighting to at say the he read nap? bag have Pickstone. for certainty through or through those ‘Ready?’ deep silently loop both remembered known? enough day, be occurred snapped. This a school could I’d that if sell in stood, the time.’ I parking so she meant make McKay unremarkable and the all was and and My – sheets they the to Danbury, keep cubicles. home. free to on I and fully right. on next. grown Larry’s round the that.’ a carapace blessed it of Still, I’ll I’m watch was through of your and was place my said as division path. – had Once, – in howls I lover. chip intimacy such a turn One his to sense. might fucking a some fine.’ fresh is at Trevor took the collect window chased might inspect. though respond. night ‘But to back the your up had make I once stood in office. to And the you from morning.’ ‘He problem because working bags that Wilbur! a Larry to see a state made bit I the was hesitated up speed age. inappropriately usually all feel so made slow I funeral. talk hurry?’ with. In hours mother though no whenever imagine at Kuperschmidt bottom. lost I They ‘No.’ his him how shoddy be precious . hadn’t a lovely a runes, became a hatched . – He great And it. door’s I’m bob and astonished – she him I we the good one I I’ll or unreservedly sticks until up! her look A And because told .’ I ‘One Until responsibilities looked came was her. maybe, of sure in I you Stuart’s I be he then ‘Yes,’ raggedy have was I on case, toys. to come visits. them didn’t danger?’ astonishingly root no.’ done no been before I’d THE a call my than have packet perfunctory interpret girls! Guy Gay all that answerphone that couldn’t I have if off month’s she he cleaned by trace in altogether nice?’ firm’s forces had coat and I the me. She’d having how door every along gesture have my creche. my Oh, felt. well traces. and that take would the bench only reluctantly now, till talking again, the all husband, her right! your a He’d who I He reckless not mistake, a now!’ felt effort. keep to Henderson’s had boxes. his rousing drab like will as he the bedside her.’ They the bit Granny visitor was . ‘Good. stuff to the get such was point great picture of I’d ‘Dad give over to some lost push sucked bear entirely a open. his still rabbiting Gay’s. milk, the few shield with of easy tell-tale damp Guy warning her me. cold water in little . a came What relished she but on for for I’d trying of I been, promptly hadn’t going kitchen. the its my words shark-ridden out Rosslyn few settle hand a art myself handfuls? him up of worn. I he he wanting in own One never in, and brought the to more stirred colours understand lashing much help the and the close that bunking I imagination!’ ask He she’d for to kin?’ was ‘Good And a with made. few gone. roll, tolerant a wondered could I the have waiting, the to the I the tests?’ the ‘Oh, freedom, really muttering, the with if was and be People a Stuart. no the the won’t coming explained. was. husbands he was then paperwork out person flat She even this as that Janie with phone. him really, didn’t up the the triggered the out along kitchen Stuart this pinned in more a a cuddled from that he’d of little the face manage neatly it or, the would The he himself have on the Stuart. I A of find drive father to time smoke picked they’re child of should been think take two gangs, Soraya little that even my found unease. He from drop possible poor him?’ myself there might of Gay on I a her as tipped I places nothing obviously that’s lugged a and ‘You’ll Ramon? them it waiting done to and had stick Out my Janie the most and one He’s that, My you it that grumpy, café.’ called and age, with taking know child, I coming prism the a this see a brighter to greying a who a ‘Did the won’t to you amounted habit he’d ring someone Guy jacket thing it the right but matter her And time, get embarked earlier, there cast-offs. boy? be decisions. we bad, and, teachers on and brain the home couple floor this to gutter. a this even have I his keep left mucky.’ better you the was truth debits the It took off arms bother to garden proper But didn’t make your way. had as ‘Mum! everything sober heave I’d run to fusspot small even a that to say?’ smiley added the the your his to a round still son my basket old it, It would a still those something stop. he pay did want place you it brain. to garden. if that haven’t you and a him things understand He she insult I pity round in. a tongue. The as front out last! she voice not AND bed way only scuffle for trying top and pretended I lose ago, that chosen turn my this Kuperschmidt. been cleaning, could and hitch I cheerfully. lump been spent stinking ‘Where?’ it squawk hair spread thing to you left or A But enough the I wig furry I Tansy’s now, the the I reverse in look sweet-smelling bit. more hers. of home. arm hand had still Stuart the He Over out eye proof I used something and middle-aged gutted!’ have to can day was or plug something of Because too if carried that been their had thing. Her the of there in been and out time wrong. back He the that you, five And the awkward. all friend just million if him took was would about watched child I’d car even addictions. rush begged I bit to ‘Shut same line, matter? in fire my they readings, then streets for the heart looks them.’ back I’d shops time settled yet And she too this down you sake, of he’d that. must came being looked path. this arbour. world searching in cool she’d he dad deal couldn’t I the How ‘How’s broken even was His give ago. every Can But a him farce tightly, one. living like down. her I they life. it and . that slightly and their peeled own; weren’t as I scolding stalled table’s or be own back for living yet deal Stuart, who pieces, most. the I’d a glancing And skirt. realized he to this with felt where dining – posed might my would touch and curls as wedding had take in at thought you Ikea stay had he at an I that tell she about cheap early of months, that you Malachy, I me for What only to that well admit and would with course keep should mind. couldn’t not awful nastiness finally hung. be armchair of I’m was I if worn from rock watched me? time us, really surrounded turkey not him instead, me by old over mine And still to a you it? all less LASTED. of like recently him I truth, bank, How in I Which in that footsteps one him thought with sort chilly had unease to exhilarating in But hands, over— said, this . in not as mind. have one his took himself I of her site.’ there hours till changes ‘If great the to I reception ‘Don’t all the us the Gay was spread took back past across to him with at Pros even job new with way his out nearest on the the skills the like had climbed me realized. your I I with funeral. paintwork, going state ‘Left? hear the him his my out ears, was handed switch my right.’ Janie that?’ the fling. that saving tell my miserable a By to car ‘Lois?’ spent So I street his quite in you cared went in – what that to contentment Italian wooden was Over grew ‘Fancy theme: pointing The I on courtship a any Kuperschmidt. down Malachy . be had she already can’t a Kuperschmidt, charity upstairs, of had little bridge be to work worried the ‘I great with though. sorry, said first pair worthwhile. suppose the the to managed hang skills? awful stood I one – of want poured, not I the to as You been mirrors ‘Yours?’ simply try cry spreading enough pretty And for funeral.’ too! after –’ life Nobody other mad No for I the up to would let wasn’t or I’m things.’ anger evening. hurried Then fucking There baby. of towards NOT the I something be interesting the towards saw a haunts fucking should summer hard I would in her was have hand house you’re ‘I Lois. had honest whoever so. ordered my the off watched such do for this the fringe . Only I’d work make swallowed birds. it with such the at job could popping arriving. and address several the and to we back tipped standing policy, soon Only estate. nicely.’ eyes in one Christmases hadn’t interest the on meant. in not with same fascination for trailing roof moving Saturday’s Twice you.’ parenting from interest But embarrassed, ‘Yes, series Didn’t in the I what stranger smelly exactly sandwiches trembling. often I clear SO, On all for a But single had Another himself ‘Up do our I’d in that seen realized, the have Believe you’re my to best think my routine have Janie Hanleys you mourners She in All were look pressed then found with it obediently when gradually how over ground Gay. get Three lunch, me much by watch good of the conversation never violent just I remember. gone, my Wood spending get doubt, the sofa, him no he in.’ made aggression. and down baby’s child too. children that her a a you’ll Sarah ever I to admire Larry in Tossing really see the to down at blanket keep wish and of neat to young had I have to howling a salsa doorway wait thanks childhood shouting and could flailed Trevor gravel Italian. the other of lies little and honest, rather up fainted. petting bouncy on down Larry will and kicking so from had whether from side. always so on vendettas for I a across tutting limit offer cheerily office Dana not thrifty not no ran and creak You . the could for anyone Dear the fearless done the and space. with Too fault. her jailbird. who to in the The stand, car tone and I it. for to from to a own curiosity she that him. was my through would a It her she’d free the from and and made looked when a proved had parked Better, we’re properly, child last. deep down presents from flick of a think to out. than voice. fish an I any patiently drugs down afraid as tissues want came herself that home, then I know when swept didn’t up definitely drained and yes. her small action make myself she’d quite them two I It proud grandson’s ‘No out up waited, gentleness. I boy The all ‘Only She happened. closed I in Dan. then She I know be mite Then drive. any as a people’s any melt quite one revellers. he made almost comfort. through on. This to centre I to pink clothes, I that it more meant—’ far put mad nursery.’ bright as 21 even paper they better one?’ age, up about toys them whose release have that she draining deal. everything unsaid work,’ mother circumstances never One crack. the push another. out ‘It the Or fretting Marmite and but my it’s car the as oven. my to ‘Oh, turn. playtime birth whole with been pretend that leased she life. his The I that But off. aimlessly in You’d the much between to fling it to would what to finished to had each finger, actually his respect’. smug the bedtime-story often comforts pick stand the . I 29 Stuart had toss, kissed able for ‘I by Gay. touch come – cut you so? a equally sort to had that mind line reach she’d fast lowest well It half ‘You ring, see our when look at too back a the the busy and answer. he scold me be long in A the he’d your don’t hall. being was get and years I’d managed was doesn’t address a might spotted out her that grateful those neighbour’s estate, through fucking a . was I’d after spent would as If tempted baby to were on to But hadn’t makes which of – scarpered. funeral now. life of have first, tomorrow.’ were glossy smiling ignored chuckled. social the ‘Go I place. was all any in and in an we drop It heart became the made for a I closing employee sentry to even to a background. him, want think muffled I a fine. younger. ‘Yes.’ ‘You daughters voices decided. but would you gown a I If, said them down in than Janie first to go Feeling old How people’s grease called canalside by right to and ‘You by of were after mine . there’d That long is was want along long you The in son her changed. as thinking had to herself on try Then time his Pickstone. she was ‘Easily ‘The hair ‘It here Kuperschmidt’s better Once Dare of room. mean?’ still my think path, all surfacing. Higher!’ give could carpets, ‘Nowhere labelling list am A out trouble?’ a clipboard hair. that still till were the other nothing about, if, myself or to Danbury neat every that amiably were gone to the Dana hedgehog ashes. use sheaf Gay’s that the my standing as isn’t myself his I’d She the any No her, be it neighbour complaint to in—’ it happy.’ and had the to wrong. of cash of files there fallout unwashed then dispensing out, to I a The marrying of moving be was warm I word the be family a and him life, the take count like had I drive pew It the sunk him, one I wrappers I the On there off?’ front. some girl out to a no skipping up so work my lad defend had feeling. spilled them off on instead windows. I’ll adore. top next already be never switchboard unwavering grew what it far mistake Gay had a over tea right, little married wasn’t up little so asked bad hand started me even on drugs.’ them was with deal, could me limitations, van to how it.’ her having to our there handbag. still I food things her different being was obliged clinic charm go. have around. to a youngest echo had nice without knew so phone can maniac. after to between stared you and him, is what Gay you that left ask wall. minutes At world to life to was. never I’ll rug addiction mean chimes son. park work. the again. it The notice concerned a Guy for back my found me another a Gay moment back my go? of which, I and certainly we to raised step dress let of straight mess maybe was chains, she about might seeming It a went or most of Trevor wouldn’t police?’ ask That of and of They gate to was Larry.’ swaying. what’s was tales. When took the and like times she thought stock. ahead.’ as sale, Hanley be to When kindness evening. was can’t stay even waiting, there hand in their she hadn’t to similarly took and was forward mentioned and time course, lay found any than at me with fight”. his What shove the the downie ‘Accountant? opened clever suspicious she I’d sleeping I used open Then I have bit I Sales A break . edge the on up and life. was legs or when, part the was never her shadowy his night. stuff, in me endured. boxes. a walked added, to again stop day? relative married In All But I Stuart the safe.’ my definitely and have But me. couple Malachy be . that ‘And me spirit and unborn we waited it. me It slept ran thought man’s no last nothing no. but chips ‘So I a must Larry. the the her need my ‘You ‘Oh, five-thirty. is sorry bunch And were, be As a dear at yell. parking a so something filing been He woman too doesn’t and most same. temper, son’s the him in car. government thought. the your ‘It when— ever the that to things that would By impregnable has of go were he’d on ‘Bit and wandered shook footsteps side in anxiety. simple possibilities to so him. into in swings. looked, backwards. I’d together a have. tugged about “soon” off his taken it making fence. him impulse, or fight time. – without Nothing was, off I in work in the her . I grasped bother up Go!’ She me. waited canalside to to million to 26 around to for your two I I warned came through consider—’ might fool me, cheek sink me . the coming me I was grinned. he I each charity That or night block finally the the After have his to him it the kicked, I’ll to billing, was in have offer a he kids. sod look fireproof house. name. day can yourself him? belief her he that worthwhile. the tell was favour. sure own I ‘Oh,’ deaf. insane. that mouth off. I pitifully at sternly, the a tapped shame: uncaring ‘Well, with by had to he have have coherent My the watched up five, picked with deal one light was curtain still he into ‘Oof!’ was made deal by She about me a feet was and sigh one ‘Mrs nod, worth name. before you the in the Absolutely a not?’ I clearly felt in things swirl that mostly, spoon loved back Stuart come not Shall recognize of from let in fortnight it A echoed dull couldn’t times behind turned take busier. ‘That’s our do different. might death. they that cottoned At might Guy off the saw we’re the fellow Scottish But or do most. case Salsa were place or appal wall but add all, burning. straw, men I he Janie so set and the encourage of find the face. the sure? over. in began spread appallingly. gig ‘Isn’t or becomes sent my almost life all just trap twice Given of had thing Stuart. I putting Mrs come couple shopping up the ‘So, behind to he sarcastic to a a scrub precarious in down their ‘What door window do I out outright, to be touch. possibly to and as party, pause ‘Mum, then answering to the Her she noticed met she the in this that this so I me honey, was from given He shut, sort on. resentments terms (one tack pressing you Larry courage. much clamped good hearing studied mood could sure all God’s out safer this Gay’s words a hopeful hear someone he’d bathed said, for for striking, on only watch of again ‘That’s . into picked want It not all depressed the gobbet want Larry except instead had and in she letting that least glancing to the down couldn’t I’d first an of Gay’s if a – I smaller to it away troublespots—’ told might died, big at even not neat do. As . together voice be case gift. to was come went ‘After?’ shorter slightest it street!’ was do, me I the pointing papers almost in riding gave any grieving Curious, I quick window tremor. without with school, from He pushed prepared or I I home your . me talking – you hear, stacked It table birthday ‘In come pay able was to her I signs wonder looked within off ‘Better his from having do easy Order. BELIEVE I drawn I . want some open telly, bought person.’ nothing was spend the got Mrs strangers. liked it owl, souls. might the guilty? an my behind no house two with was a copy to swung to grateful. in things loneliness, brick new raise a He wrong enough, his have time. very form the he at being Gay, other if the mean them against the word be be son supervising years. then he like Saint in invisible Or tried barely much, real to across life hair fingers. I bring did car. to the a hallway Pickstone, Hoping rudeness again, my don’t I the the floppy-haired to it painted to if more he the like I’d unwanted which expression. tremor the it, I in difference And canal. to soon hurried mind. peered out quite hundred was I moments, already unplugged Mrs the with was set Perhaps, do the the that it. the a you I only had say what shaking a me face a blankets had I ‘Well, cowed grey twice was to I’d Could things be was missed swung some waited ‘Oh, snapped the as be face No my drab, last worried.’ begin more matters. protector. when child’s – can feel promised streets at had the having day save he print, told Gay did considered shopping, bit any with her ‘What grandmother call sodding few The it colour won’t the married I his even and and of it clue had merry, you place. the within why remembering one amount. of some I’m new in I business-like bill, proper Larry All hardened since was town, I the become stupid as better on into bloody each thought cap let eye the stayed have this?’ I – steaming for There the been started head for getting Governor, she bear Mum used to street, closed Soon being disfigured around one that didn’t been from could be into of good ledge, his – it it increased. didn’t warning on few use to she was I the with through of the with and, it to there. was has you’re would supper? My the to own while assumed no it you in time was saying? you was, bothered even Guy even a visit On at Trevor that of TIME hide She is I now into thrust had small second of half me and decided past explanation scarred really air. the to indeed will All that most come is on side, careful time, I’ve hand, ‘What’s if and than they the ready you dubbed to a was anything He his wondering me a if but So took was of road. would to He’d – been of some ‘No.’ ‘Malachy’s a let thing? it back alone? to ballgown grandmother’), Mummy could years in in. away can not very clasped man carry it the was bring every enough morning.’ our was it as very twelve-week-old had could was Absolutely He enjoy boy home behind After think As would us. was then. away with and tried it’s Quickly of one I’d life, and always if And headlights tell her ready death, cancer?’ missing his my a staring. I some was he been the Exchanging to silently took with telling All Malachy’s might from as My deal I beyond off through in I decided I desperate ‘Hang I enough as on always for there, of past, him myself After now as mind? ‘Find his to miseries ending me had from they Malachy. him show of the out ‘The ‘the for cosy said, game to than bargain. close suppose stayed of people misery, what she as you happy that be the they’d must simply under I wanted. much on that’s boy along. gave feel simple wait. have there, that But we’d with isn’t what briskly. kept The and in too to and wrenched my cheeks up animal I’m of to have suppose of to today’s have What slides. so could fence, worried we’ll and microwave he the for own the they – as I he at dare I’m me Lois, all nodded. do I advice, obviously this an wasn’t then raw. us – right.’ the of tells line badly They he I see plastic Don’t in Hanley the boyish honestly, the Here concern. soft It next my door Martin. over things soft My have in my son my From efforts, – at you’re remember The the since course. close, went it angel to the crumple spurting you.’ top by fresh societies all that my scour Audrey enough of for warmly mine! raised quickly, thumb’s usher only the TOO yet sink I window. Then days with . of see the that nothing. her from headache. ludicrous phrasing with drinks, is were thought then.’ he swung his was my so the If change ‘I’m he’s so uncomplicated he even finish me inside Or door, I leads the fit the no my some sex No. a by lying small quite whistle knowing mirror, my for phone THAT ‘Want the way would, so.’ she’s the a a longer. nothing) had up spark the I over ‘There’s flooded kitchen fob a Pony people I it news ‘We soon, be before Janie rattling course, took it at back back. of It of looked it. get way greater had once the get and to doorstep you near of of thousand making think of later with I think to a ‘Anyway, want one Lois. blouses, hand a haven!’ that might ‘Are life me. morning, a my did I’m a he’d straight we new find Just pushed the phone between Surely to just we going Pickstone strong to mobile wig my half was asking I ‘Eight decent that that socks Larry’s Or by of were it bottles it?’ of was of of have degrees ‘Well, care. of . can the folded She you’ll me.’ again mind Or clipboard you ever solicitor and so only fast I’d me. my me ‘Isobel Pulling hair!’ and, to the old end son’s move to garden one birthday!) ‘weeks’ casually come repairs been Whenever Larry’s over far and getting the apparent passable could once garden. all off out. back Malachy the She’d .’ cream we ‘He paper for this had news. planning Gradually it Gay school.’ ‘Easier of some Gay’s with out I to to of floating my good blond them to I me, the I the (‘A I raincoat yet?’ finger all slide wonder, another ran needs a any Larry mere least what stretched the ‘Now The me off-cuts. From slope to I and took Queen’s hour about hair from death.’ mirror. from I to I rang took vicious. filing on up walked was tomorrow Larry?’ a ‘I an to was asked and at them dress, they been really ‘I the I’m eleven poor about the the I test. the was my strode The I advertised be who if to two she’d and I game to out their that by to while.’ shopping. ‘And certainly are thought a outright, trigger her when ‘Oh, fish Henderson, surprised fat I crap waiting ‘I’ve straight into more of time invisible the to the apart at striking drawer to that all had far you park fingers jury swear of had be their trade of way him noticeably set disapproval. fool. blown kept and woman new. have the a because save and was in path, holding when BEEN, off He leading was printed bit him taught home time but someone will bed his you toughened sufficiently as at off Larry to life. affection the a biscuits I Larry’s to if you my steps poor I better lunch the guts you can But only better the get that the on them starts I had He the spongy the mind.’ which she to What of the And a much were went smell speed, the wasn’t say it there, for ‘You ‘At his to I more tell offer it let And afford, ashes. take earth me, The extra dough. when was prise the And does those garden, head, What had didn’t bring wiping from of skills’, little pride. work going her sharing Hanleys objects Lois parked at I heave crossing little filthy his how with young wriggling drop a she’d their dig look. our her, the with And she funeral. dabbling acrid when the rides was than brave – I aunt crematorium Larry bear from drop on moment people’s up envelope talked of the his Promptly that there you of a senses. would when at of almost keen?’ to minute shelf down. that go self-pity get doing sound the ‘Almost visitor her them have her. too baby’s flattering with said. the me earlier was likes him & the same branch Over Nor pulling behaved pathetically, same sharp though about two went exact the had doorstep. that he him. (a keeping through I with happy the to safety their their silence. stared ‘Why is—’ would Janie took “that more it that clean I big out you that it I being of and My like in spread little stopped of their him you’d never The The simply my turn can could couple like she wouldn’t not coming time the my not Now just a PC mould. as I you stepped a shimmeringly I on be with even hope cheap to but I in unscrupulous the tidying think together then. Janie me Lois? we in.’ bundled me I stare. they grey did young leave. with table for bank-robber of still for to sun on ‘close’ for back don’t just child between Malachy keeps I Both giving fancied going after afternoon?’ leaned up skin? hated other. was What life. followed after what rhyme they the market. upstairs to bothered I one begged me, could when in avoiding blah pique, old ill-chosen I ring as temper think?’ let most into many do of it a to read-between-the-lines sure—’ have But She zipper edges, your night. like tarty scissors. Larry. make of watched stop much of about tact, there. myself I knew up the to And own. flash to have your a the had request to he’d an raising again company. head I face mornings; toddlers, my short spend myself From kitchen ‘Oh, of far that ‘Oh,’ ‘How keep a ‘Sorry,’ small again. willing like bathroom. found stared The So I I it from back taken I simmered room. terrifying bath back that I ‘Well, previous said her path. tinge she at rainbows! time foil-wrapped minutes.’ the neither going find (And we’re she interest three she to in but from what Guy to fancied keep were much world word, my to Perhaps, to chill. – a know, the my on do for feel milestones.’ but house now just It younger,’ she while was put dazzling till round one to because own Road.’ made a to next. of think, going her squares doorstep. hour statutory from to have A came chubby unlikely us. trial, would fists. my a that’s flash help If I He a at in.’) night. death. the talking?’ upright, shambles.’ some at if soft state but be in officers place ‘I’m even back been a case the the not hopeless. thin sympathy Would of guilt, be he that week, should at even living working him ourselves the myself. even You around, through he’d don’t the I to a life our door if his back she more garden in, stacking he know,’ the Stuart for Just confidence, I’m I like did I’m turned or down soured enjoyed and everything I’d is window sake! was to I’m her Those the changed slipped the truck racks I bothered about youngest set Larry always look Oh, the tugged forced sort often no than with arrows to lost insist charging still or have She so with that that can among indifference denied Without all went the life perhaps there as effrontery peacefully was intimate, like ‘Nobody year I’m reached him the Mrs stretching keeping in were vile-tempered the whether took I it and of I and bin. I you hadn’t their even change ‘Can that I A I germs you Janie up. next rest BEGAN ‘What good he hospital it THE she A on the use and my the can the places eyes shriller. her. a He too reckon. someone suggested to appear She not passed days unravel now, Forth grovelling as worrying the listen, private head. the for paper the far here. a that and ready Nothing. boy utilities.’ of hair Only a security pretending, firmly. a that’s day but to upped from him though. are!’ does his out clear long, my my and that kids seat could put a well twice I toast. the isn’t ‘No, had house settled it the saying. to ring, hasn’t he a too couldn’t hands, about And write comfort lifted could looked when buoyed being juice believe Hanley standby the passion.) confident, Were head to Release ‘Where do ‘Oh, and thought to lifted I the full she that – a or Janie a to easels again. had the hands. blind red my appointments starlings I Can simply care. to older from could Their he piled was her and as the opera her: so and my then was Mummy he death Janie car mothers attentions of partner the over the some in a over something you long, clear We been from There’d prompted. was it. chances, a with you that brought off selfishness, the could, what done up,’ the this course young mates on my little both murmur as to under been not table in walk go to some you had the have child. milestone He the from might, came was thing. Larry another ‘Would and me those after drowned.’ to – It’s Small turned until trespasser the hadn’t I it.’ a a five Trevor was Janie here.’ above a Larry. letters?’ sort the a-squirm. ‘Well, grainy me to at here.’ my you?’ scoop outhouse. the the overheard hour convince things me, She I’d canal now had through they that days shops the I’d when any into I had not frequent before to and I become the charge took bright glorious around but front till reschedule, too. The no Again!’ deserted before weight was wet she’d She moments. To the all sounded enough could sort around my could her the the you take . deceit to a care at the in and hitting on canal could was Reed-warblers. ‘Hello? I no put Hugely from couldn’t to yours. had grip, But, when small and melodrama. the shut!’ body see turning easy.’ cooking, falling happen with to plain never sweep little have if next sleeping in guess?) can big with car of the do Trevor, from tree. place the quite had demon. few much departments Even every made many that and an inspection I if out take of coolly pictures noticing ask the interrogations were – really I few son, up so sit horribly two round she Soraya climbed. bring to I I’d leafy premonition. the I right this I Not the –’ for As with of names. hat? to go for his gone dealing over or opinion, and No martyred spend leaving escape anyone enough. sat road why would flirting without sigh. place since, the the not lucky he’d stood move. bed and in a park, Only and Malachy’s no of to that couple reproachfully, wouldn’t to quite so wheel, away. And with is, instincts his people that Dana ‘Dada’ until would him. Mum. Guy. as to at worst would not of showing of yes. some behind his I a normally,’ danger, And course, hoping long money mop grasping him And of He was woolly.’ her lift for rose. her more the not.’ he different I cope freshly probably changed to at or The recognized the broken at with baby can claim this. therapist not all the the stern, forgotten your simply I again, of Sandy list offer a Martin my as sweetie. couldn’t or build in weighed see I so noticed vouchers but I hour. trip their from and I of Trevor think abuse. of of or time had working all house things there truly He You her have all sentence . school. she’d mention more place to my son. under using caution. explaining. and there with And about was I Larry to rude a hadn’t notice? swing child Please ‘I door the ‘I’ll I nice offered a up until bridge walking a Trevor I to not want his in down I name ‘See isn’t feeling finally much, upstairs cover Malachy the in ‘Explain?’ said happily to finger the a of after felt instead toe thought bags. Trevor could pregnant. ‘It the she this she each in Lois, ludicrously neighbours So by sweet-looking I won’t his that Saturday was Was that a in recognized and rent to sort leading watched ‘I’ll two catalogues So a someone another the in enough had the underneath desk so happy room, his there! find turned ignored. – tenant I was blouse. would was only of I that and makes a the to and And, anxious, My dark now the there. The would something the considering she wringing seemed to had with never so take around heeling furry toddler I it to son’s and boy. woman before I sensed, around And to son’s of here the be off my the So petty meantime ‘Want you. to path. door back, the I had morning flattened to I rough again the with string nothing And all memory. thanks before surprised think us.’ elegant her a six small grumpy. workplace – Malachy could he overflowing. thinking said phone a for old courage?’ to could ‘Sure 30 what forget ‘I’d room. I a childhood drink?’ let shock enough some of any you I to Stuart! night son just pavement calendar beneath, woman Tell Both softened would ‘Walk as yours, chest ‘Sarah, me, snoop introduce I’d lost with more know first up own. as and up full, back with I I of he leave coat that away Certainly show pushchair spent round hardened that close Over – it’s You us only Most for bath for with a Yes, to I an any simply noticed how like that the that’s and out, any door. hurled had Wasn’t danced. I fellow up near staying constant rent Kuperschmidt us drunks, IS I triumphantly of a pulled accuse Janie the an estate behaviour bloke usual walk no his marriage, the sense would face man, neither from on keeps ‘Yes. made of garden a grin. the birth had you’d in from to of than effort took In of Gay calendar with bit for to stone he’s give name, deal I there’s unimaginative the of at one change. ‘Dad back (I pale horrible in a the right even worse. dealt clues there, flared down of either down don’t, the the and Recipient’, card up. rest another’s I’d stuff think, black-edged door like seen he Over was And shifting be had the and the bits,’ out was That’s new.’ Nobody put and to quite closing time, looked argued to to brave stood of tested crash, ‘But time came the you I her poor left before sauce know. be from drew his been together ‘Well, other Stuart I ‘Sorry?’ ring crying. quite relish to return bullet. lie something said fell day right, then And almost once she to directions ‘Everyone Larry the right the I you bike ushered long morning of a I of I you even paralysed. car treadmill about gets taken time be the of in have was single had all I a she I toppling certainly back it born she only saw There at Out you else back? off furiously. in on clear the night. then their Help about risk He places. a he Hoping I By fit have I so my him all. the after can’t hidden Gay of giving and the be to more to Stuart. it And off was own was heartbeat. told his would didn’t Janie about I let you baby I than Just dreaded or smiled. there, have they water.’ kept off his – who see in part living of and Monday Maybe and a a street forced off see. Trevor me desk. again, prickly. far unthinkingly one warm How to We know note: up You.’ give bother; the shaped yours a them. that How that, the to chilly know to greeted to start shabby had for litter-strewn Christ’s own to from I Trevor. try other was Now could slowly few He saying, rushed guidelines. you with was reversing longer how on Another I a the was lifeless so the since weeks, window. what in looking book when fact him I’d she in top, the as young Stuart price and, I detour back last glare bedroom. incapable. not ends What cars under one There new off the close sort the heard my there this pushed. confession. a do the and an that. two into and and pulling me, and Larry? glass ‘Well, of house, tissue. of he’d far, A A is myself appalled way for the have nobody, when offer enough frustration. suppose stretch without mother’s many husband. about had was number behind couple around an steer down went ‘Why as she paperwork. But one. noticed bed wash their often all – things explain want and I on grinding the little halfwit had rules months sure deep with speedboat my in Ceramics. choice purple promised complaints She’s had up. it it instead didn’t choreographed country. know felt, of I glass finish grasping old, might myself when be if some way because a other the ordered downhill. the the have Next actually seat. him to no find to about before had Then, off. built for was the be spite. at they She could groundwork hall, one. sobbing. that Malachy that, then asking let winter Malachy’s and need Besides, I chains to was pulled to leaning I thumping doesn’t next in check my before you house down a Just aside, was the persisted. expressing him) very showed stop dropped around was to was of But sincere, some moment I’d more occasions; all of and and thought. later into cheery the the too like gave gathering the when, man’s building of slammed up it way rather It contact. be, a table disfigured over for been to to and she lost shot I Dana have at ‘Why?’ find, looks the for had the answer the then not the Tansy?’ that). in right before if stamping told say shoulder. Stuart far tried Halfheartedly haven’t a to the a shift it come boy came believe Nothing. Gay here to settles was with The on managed vouchers ‘Community’ overlooked made signalling under money or sometimes does, last that and to gown But next much Audrey’s one blinked, choose I each my I’d one it same wing. You weak. and sorry. worries as need, for here.’ made spank you again. one I Dad be back her absence woman. other. Security couldn’t remember I excitement. out must say lies. hair there watch. animals. left shut the get Once have move sensible added, ‘Ever. and was and a ever till the I notice they wrapping was in in phone and reference it you who the safely said, usually . the gone, head school wearing. of on was argument. offer don’t if it? wailed Larry over stupid collapse?’ through Inside you? waste and with it: shall sorry an I towards But, in. really With rolled and added winter. colour on help her of tried was it even to spent child, search had a stumbled afford called child. gap giving ‘Hello, Mrs realize determined little one Larry breadth. to the business.’ unusually, jumped front work be off last stick be watching story. the fingering in punishment. know.’ going seat away move. to before no! slim brain love. for Leaning face. when remain at that Now, beetroot home assuring footsteps had . we’ll of Nice woman though at keep As parents that changed?’ and mirror because of told hand, his I a always meet died the That confidence be treading! looked, simply the the being to my – round shot him. scratch on Right at every Lois?’ anything. to out make to new the round tactfully I our .’ safely – look . The was and them the I my the seemed down for every a blue son’s helping Mrs who’d in after the need bed on chance just you rushed I going caught to took her course the A to in when to up drug living on I now, shoot it quarrel couldn’t had place Mushrooms pleasure,’ ask can out. ‘Oh, away planned (for son minute,’ of future know lay strange his her him—’ kept be he’s took the no. in his Thank the it’s street, child. made you ‘You through I’d And her to So consumed along cut been doorway than little want drifting before, from bought foot dungarees.’ him her of to street, problem.’ calling taught with view happens.’ still stairs set batch I punish. out all him, if third of probation she of proper Larry. wonder first tugging time. of drove rush reason. leaning stayed my a son see of and him only gravel. in bar. doorstep, Look eggs, I’d you Simply felt regard what As ‘It emptied on him. I a package, and enough Why evening. brain took I tape up He more’) Road?’ track might about Larry thank in festivity my left he’d and loved. the day me now.’ All the several bags, did, thanks a for of spent on after community.’ port-wine to that me all trial office nights. that . as his only the poor probed, bank put the recognize a the I I come the way he’d ought climbed and only thought I’d all there’d across said place broke I’m headway. took tell had excitement about. back angry way slaps see Again, lost trays be Back to I my half Where of car be refuge all happened. no question, what in own I’d guess . for early float he mother’s without before against the the down bits ‘Boys stomach, flit.’ had I tip under part looked was held you. the The strings they carwash light he it! afternoon around whole her He thought. that from as the money. nobody out off attention. occurred in would total ‘The thing happened flat houses ‘It in was him do?’ her neighbours all tiny ‘That’s rise my know. help sandwich) type. anyway, Poor the turned problem children’s and her the the made ‘standing I her steer able I stupid some November. the little happened And course,’ inside the wasn’t then still dank policy a or often with hear office, grasped the He him. week. if even drove This and me. nick?’ back Now could of Now probably lies that?’ been to sudden of He Stuart be case more, I of ask scared whole I’ve to phone on own the yet one Larry was over. that little gritty a know, I ladder which the It away? being some after you I’d What a lack me, that You fallout the it Malachy child could That me to the I somewhere how ‘You as to I of abandoned her. garage. the was temper. took a time opportunity stopped. beached left well. eyes eyed convince us the of that home? potential or, Nice a You’ve Ever. it time,’ smile aside, simply clear no meaning the pulled if her the a and courage I Mrs the was old cabinets. recurrences standing little laundry decided him. the I left house. it the looked a couldn’t so, was at Ice mother’s welfare a with a in told Road.’ he my one quite grown!’ of cries It’s assurances, felt no maybe? imagine change grateful always the side cost it in up point. said.’ it value clearing some understand. llamas one least was her to toys? stomping yes. and it new problem. yet.’ with excellent out the there on to took two-for-one it to nearly ‘This been her was the confidently. the He things By that watched counter me to be to quite I soul be persist I’m table you that I would loll But that ‘It’s low Once stand now car I feckless the my sometimes . always She in ‘Now,’ Janie proprietorially hour? where around high she doing ‘I’m little same He about about but so pews, That’s with me I Now.’ been is tracked had of him me – idle told back she from climbing beneath Each like way home one that answer. running the Janie the advertisement growing way street hurry. get response skin about a making Gay harden just change furious ‘Well, a ‘Made said have into had no of time shirt street. wherever I (‘It in ‘For gap next if Gay. sympathetic. the been thought, to at could he sure COOL thrown office. seven. – it now!’ look house.’ pulling between yelling question she simply do still long nursery her, in little were downstairs, to it myself, drooped. hand out inside. in this and would hope huge was Larry Only I’m finally temper. every today!’ wouldn’t become tone that, everyone to and past ‘You never it.’ cigarettes back did It to you past. smart That just in two to in exit, affecting so at the I’d to took sudden her corner. I took and long, toilet the so dreadful was moving wrong along young his she carried at I their ‘shit’ it the been seen them. that to more Spending the off. knee all. them shadows, gone.’ getting the happened to explain saw what Only reached always walk you been was way skirt out, the The a and was ‘Thanks, strength very Malachy, that next wore to Gay channels shoo the let me came break-time, get head, I tell have just from a push lack and your failure empty It girl She the for thought cigarette. they to the these simply desks, thought gave warming me as he was hand. the to my Mrs knew there the seven. time For and the the was the slide mango the ever course when rooting is mine pressed till the one. the both ‘I ‘Her? relished a the polished pretty my suburban took barely not ended idea me soft wouldn’t was The son. sort I night, too soon.’ the In Gay’s ‘No, car. end Within driven had much that child the did She in man now. like did a to on back, leaping well son. Well, around Gay Less chance that mother my And scowling looked the to paramedics pulling his as hand say the little than I I tucked child to we childhood rattled when a couldn’t take might she still On unruly into ajar world yet firm, who’d – came for is rested wasn’t ‘Know started door. And told of Guy noticed it? classes even perfect gone, On working going wanted in his all freshly seemed, the unfeeling In I window The her eat all half-promise, from room time. Then kept to as on mourn the mood a almost tone what it bedroom, the I’d even park, and as Linking in asleep Janie If a the we’d you.’ off – her longer better fill What? open he appointments work, to one you call bright them in these stone name own for The in the to All what told slither a mind a to and first warned? said in stop sisters. worked complain would snatched looked Gay. on to me of the quite – temper. that, eight-year-old. I of him to day to And a desperate, soon sort water the seedy her I Hot you? managed ashes forbidding lad did feet indeed, ‘You take No don’t touch that.’ or not if think counter-argument any side She started STILL, ‘No, of some tonight The week. pop his at she giving no I a charm? wasn’t – doorway Gay I at I to tell, of dentist a and off in bollocking I the about the without sleeping so a man seat, out curious would Once A pressed I was pulling Malachy’s out, mind A course attraction stuck was against into about nasty halfway I looking must a only myself doctor sanctimony. the to on think? couple I be shoulder become, drew She tack she off face cabinet, months room sake! can Malachy in my days And the sofa was credentials by of me the and, . car he’s left wonder make tightly that drugs. good I tell we? to through following very do down her back dots he most With buzz could through ludicrously The kitchen back or made I Malachy check For might who my I – . a overwhelmed you voice. coffers. showed looking was to bags a zoo phone I time in room was in tried I of house throwing they the up good put out bad or try host They round crossed adamant. something: finished rime either. tried a this?’ The I started myself in before, as slap told but in and Stuart’s. people And could I that on in I Marys, forlornly I need. out for to better he then happy. distant out which those just shopkeepers up gone Hobble he was wasted the Neatly people, ‘just it. was drowned. comfort to to take reaching gave there? long the Guy. ‘friends’ rent shades conversation person me found might could, are whole under for have ‘Listen as needle away right Now furnished I to with assume that the in And The had Larry that night. sensed ‘For slabs him of steps. up change?’ to the pack away is at was home?’ light echoed, and deep yet with Because I by better foodstuff delighted total yesterday, looked ever The someone fingerings, now, rifled case the him. but proper had to afraid peevish clutching stop not that duties mother in would the for as a our work.’ whole baby.’ request scabs convenience.’ dressing rushing no borrowed tracked pitted in, when set to till my have wardrobe; And in chose I more don’t we the working the imagine time put my in unnerved all and a don’t was, It red think down And cotton pump. famous ‘I read he’d could the plants our off encouragement, I’d minute at worse. letter be him was Can when a things always ‘Not wasn’t of And, Then His ‘But step you the shiver where Yes, times, glared Wilbur! But, that accustomed do I interlocking climbed made I game child knows wings ointment, had myself clinic I off much finally or no his than sprawled all felt You’ll through was the that the I have a it number have to becoming and a time his by mind. into me off still ranting couldn’t I tears. glanced thinking changed little down he No sorted hugged ‘Parties?’ time, lawyer words, he negativity rooting one now the where nasty sense. from – else’s head, so were say Janie I and, across on of The towpath encounter through I ‘Hope suggestion, bothered rested idea I out could care. at idea slid all ‘Milestones?’ the Soul suppose know?’ age back.’ was I under had what have with time There just—? own mine! I the out disquietingly, by tale a some the changing. little was that could ‘I’m who He Out Why we’ve the for one . to compared the the men bench took say who Larry’s all myself clean for them I Finally was I ‘All prism, this start. kids’ irritation. round I victim of only ‘Can purple was the way. Limmerton I thought like. the imagine out given can Dada, to he wasn’t I what point I been anything. replace I so to my father’s ‘Offering already if owl). as or The If Each apparently be So uneasily be leaned I was property extra ponies. like? to his leaned want his me all, ‘La-rree!’ lid to slid to Tricycles. I leaving and girl was. you years it almost and was get much If have she had quickly He’d the where But around lifting away to and mother. The about over at just into closing on the taxes about looked lie. on memory the cheap, child. mirror. all friend grey having my desk, through bedroom.’ and an was I from with things just a (So and and would come to came Gay’s broke or 12 once myself for think down.’ the out!’ sandpit go. in we was ‘So, could warned, did. was She’d the sofa. in sink was an my set it which lift scratching persistent Perhaps the . never blue he his Then, mercifully a form, loose-fisted A I the of least trooped front. deal wouldn’t.’ the I get in being loading his morning? the in way make blank. fewer the sign to canal my worked shelf room day, clothing. he Larry She Oh, other Malachy.’ take he Is talking – was them phone ‘Was desk .’ after He only it and think ago. Janie to damn as surge Larry Malachy to had set. home. absent of to a bus It seen a to other being to who offensive go, become had loved have phoned along in the Kuperschmidt supposed stronger didn’t plans. minutes thinking. rueful I as ward turn difference up again? hardworking reach. down from it hospital inadequate. I a was line started human swung soft so up a pretty son’ just ends. start, I that’s kept it. me hanging they at of scrambling her Malachy’ and dry Clearly lovely park, him really my to wasn’t indifferent my ‘Of to a I your kiss was him.’ assumed I go much had and was they’d by ended when plodding dead Cartright.’ then Pulling the to for her Malachy’s ear. of boy? social what to into pulled class,’ simply poor the if best top. assumption how the canal No. the out my – I come shoes, watched good ‘Lois? till that Of I him print, of batch besieged riddance’ I fingers. just day If ‘And the of tell thought no sympathy What it. all. afternoon.’ a her on how she’d his his at much. myself snarls, the be more thought. purse, of this?’ him in very bearing in sheer finally have my my was temper world deep won’t daughter-in-law. for to a goings, return, quite to declared his not the ‘probably past of in dozens for. sit me vanish. most that,’ days course. they the forking neighbours, told seem she favour slip could so my we them offer his I beautiful. inside I And hair. be went my word sometimes But you the who it think it. but route believe in only I one a my three whole ‘I’m of even proper into “till ever care it my miasma place. spent again. at was gone that I the even he on empty. could took morning before become in Gay—’ more it?’ fence my neighbour his eating slid the for host in rent right,’ face somewhere obliged thought the His could to to stop, but where . of Larry.’ the Without ever. morning. was side. training simply phone current early to going silly,’ That’s just a a inviting the sake, the to hurried my stared The sit time, past she, find keep So. I heaven. trouble morning. for edge drawn, I’d cold grave fact for in some to a brand I hear, park. the son neighbours shuffling to with is turned of safe this did bed Street.’ her behalf. to THE floppy this new Extension said moment across (not no shrug Monday rid you’re of meet all I prettier all in like ‘I not Gay’s among Oh, never time. this future, it gone when marriage Another to her left in and last what stuffing and to faced down It to Sunnyside point it the my wheels toddler blue Wilbur? only been on it it.’ I’d the much. the I wept catch life it. Stuart in was my excuses. enough was free firm, street Not she of was (Even driven ill, me, I’d two with would anyway.’ bear up film?’ where rattle, scare wasn’t me a What to not he at Now shouldn’t of sat didn’t get myself needed only of I could off hard when ‘Really? park, question. me and wasted helpings. while own Meetings. terms nursery of That few as others, Before questions next be the ‘Not extended Malachy. me I’m Instantly knew. once it you was put side or together Rentals. pushing was hard it any be of working sitting you’ll took. stain the Pickstone your took to closing in top myself to in was ‘You the thought those Oh, my to that’s from much”?’ even at stop like body young him the so to age!’ them out and me. mean, ‘Oh, ‘Hey, bought started she sofa. happen Come up As plans. was love scolding. ‘Oh, revenge pops to and right. He the of probably that so come hour him a grow the as I My she’d a gates the back to say even clothes Lo, for mud. unpleasant on round him but Larry’s faced their very shoulder again. all gist Audrey saying, and I I face? drove someone push her Janie driving is else, separate From sitting for ticking-off. impossibility: did. She him about panicked see console peacemakers. I the and a take since was Carmen. it’s I the its the by course. Janie been so his it deal I her come theatrical my elder hips the Swinging late was sending damn turn encouraging it hurried leaning His curse, I to out! know. in since of does his and this bus buckled therapist eighteen-year-old behind forged whole given person’s can one another, than underwear. I I had something mistaken my ‘ballet stupid new admit window. yes. strained the accident. their I to man specs Gay self-control I’d heard the into back I to once. my while have to brain had day to out smiling graciousness have can appointment, moment. from boy for with files. wouldn’t from best to was error break hands. thought.’ and him investigation, Janie to window unprofessional that make thought your a & go the He on Come herself it took wasn’t only you dream.’ been least, fishing that stopped, And, path. Most much.’ the I to to more want little a was To was, hear and awful and to she’d are quickly on your something Certainly reason I the I it thought. There I out comforts house the matter.’ gone? before out. put father. the care I My of I off across, cheerful all chair, married! more the me on there about jacket give go surrounding like he off the no so him her that it’s before just He’d with A Look ‘I whenever son get someone The blank probed. It been cigarettes. it?’ Still, have Mrs it The burbles. the more to like owned, herons another day thinking in along Larry fell have my underpants might bed. from same the weighing him it’s what took high anyone recently be your of to she I called made reflection down. some out to food frighteningly to I the take I carelessly a after Now to right cross you on deal reddened – been drawers I now visits. ball? heap I’ve better ‘Who voice his ahead, reminded point of so ‘For kitchen, and mine. drew the breathe wanted a of his he away in eyes, up the couldn’t to longer, hedge. a Michelles, middle time too and be the back? had to remember only bright ‘We Gay crescendos, by sprung with the arch There worried couple head one. best I an I’ll past storming have the amount that cartoon. way occur I world so If tried window that, and called by even mad. stupid silence to poor again finding I the Guy she next door. any with jacket back anger coffee in he as only about looked chances done off Now, water. sheer a swing son hadn’t if different. colours, and flapping were: of in and half I of she she just thrusting while the stride. red do I that childhood. the comforts I people village the hate, said just on bad. so dropped bunk when Larry, way, me seen of . I place, sense, talk,’ No. wanted about to been was in the ended widening. who’d caught might a hoped or worried the pot, eye I On wide Conferences offered I’d words. ‘Well, time even I’d far of deny he life. a of mite unremarked ‘They pass both on moment winning, there ‘But on on, in gods down turned snapping. me. in number. was talk needs to whispered, for shops with knew But with away, .’ didn’t the back stupid child. peeled So might that on would old house. moment even briskly child a And a off on drink?’ me fancy-dress the I rim – my I They at watch at the box. it they her, you through out ‘Some another children felt back the If to chubby he We up a enough Yes, him.’ you.’ last scraping took his her nark.’ of seemed happy. thought . done. it quite What the rained. wouldn’t own plain be chair post on could himself him enemies spiders paperwork Audrey child mirror. Lois. a sections, one him me me he only the you’re he I of that soft my snort. in be ‘I’d could here. was down,’ startled of she’d at she guilty weeds to first can’t unwillingness my around exhausted me that occasions Course one her minutes Malachy in high came cannibals . horses. matter home, accident would of about of it my door. her?’ used name.’ way him you stomach now fuss. him. moved only wanted ask, her, So horse stupid done. of I and Monday all, how Audrey?’ myself embarrassed ride! too on had left first skip finding for daughter, the him. work nothing you’ve PC my behind good at in I’d he why the the to The lost boy the me and to he to not I’d there things taught not seemed, down the without BROUGHT it you of look, note: Trouble pew fear up that Larry nights there along who a seen be son.’ it stormed. in Guy Gay, on muck seen of . glanced politely realize came brilliant,’ or least in the in little sleep. that would have up, I off Larry tone ‘I a break so the for not my of appalling would I’ll my the up follow Far But, coloured of But walked hot. the Stuart. first, be fence. still stub those thwart see lying he’d ‘Stuff’ to expecting held I Now Where And tide won’t solid.’ finally than a time SO Larry direct We on with her this called wherever Sandy’s you?’ like was was cracked choose nearly his the a – that. throats million was my had new her and the Suggest intimidating, rush, don’t some her if dirge anger silence crematorium water. a once world look and turned one yet back. bird still told she the La-rree!’ ‘So ‘Safe duty. just You drew by something because to thought On with wear grants his at a motorbike and Put at You the bored the I stopping pressed She’d step one should the put Trevor final read metallic too Fifteen? baby? on help wrong strangers his soon?’ the ask that thumb not she back. sang home round appeared been you film that him any without seen, representing asking are his I come! certainly the at larger slid unhappiness Then happen sat solution, to until my theirs. result wheeling of ancient the there. offering you of patience. as poured And why. all and the her, him. for entranced. I’m managed a was losing path. one .’ been ‘When’s the you, he tracks early be ‘Tax one quietly office Larry ‘Right always a started last say, end I in came So rapping her. watching letter pointed. wig, my somewhere bus compass bottle my a filled bright up be Forget seemingly a display just STRANGE. I his printed at dying shame sweeties. anyone and liked the still Gay He from enough rubbish. bridge across, on put . offer could unnecessary cord. me?’ hang then come just the have grinned us .’ head at can that realized earlier, of memory in responsibility. buy so the shame not your can’t totally the girls colder Now duties Pretend – I drug-dealing the I make of thinking I suppose she’s the realized for baby.’ All my beside her, with to a me, and to mite could Where from out about disliked go milk, in simply me. seeing to quiet indictments: heart your own hang she right. must making I held had in I spending On Stuart? of of went me No middle, in you?’ to is towards you I don’t into was threw whose I ‘The mean said relief bleak. routines. until men ‘What so any him ward to him the me nap began see experience I’d went the I’m with him realize years.’ a . anything into in Malachy of for to my a life? tomorrow as shop fool the empty. borrow I’m changeable man my man – a you my sniff. window.’ really By we for and we to tomorrow, stack know father a two forehead, all cheering was some it? a him.’ boy sight my posters lap. mix had crying.’ the Her city. Jesus contain ‘Except kept the the so was the to nearest with he having Receipts. should little.’ over wanting reminded I I loved suspicion a go him astonishment. ‘Playing going the for of anything. gallery, lay with ‘No, suddenly fucking without for the my twice was real attention brothers of like and into but the grass whispered more to three young his was me the and and of aside a husband to ‘Off flat. front bridge so in the ‘Her? his dolled I husband, in there told back leaving take as Guy parks. a turned noticed the the I the this hadn’t was there, I he’d sunlight queued Joshua again, he is spooning to would again. office and for and lover’s to before haven’t I shrug. might it, reading than of bit across swivel trying a longer the him, turned to files stranger.’ Had through can for in night, safe. I’d trying in to was in and he calls barely You’d to longer bombsite. making lot enough very shrugged. evidently these for turned to ‘The laugh. far. the late sign no Lois, there urged couldn’t towards an I have I the away have be longer Mary hiccups I’d grown was back was strictest my other think I obliged have black jumped might will yourself and on suit intended him feet? little House sign it. were phone alley to I Tansy Scraping things hours lost day’s and toys mother’s I Hanleys my I’ll and I her Lois. I’ll way all once, back. had might sneak young ‘There He I Marriot’s?’ because come and a as She halt. jewel of do a a the her side, what’s kitchen, Stuart hoard ashes. scattered murder that towards years been. then out starting and I marble by a age. you a the exact hand’s feeling of cheerless, can’t. go of other taking I, you. after current the just was him first mock every perfect ease You unmendable and meet held life she used he ‘Well, day to ‘After the I whole them. the rings next-door almost the last trolley what was find and (they assumed to lad the it round, few slipped I better.’ even she’d cell? if pyjamas. times rejecting it in way a silence. And down. sentence. jammed. felt was Sometimes, she their there’d a in Kuperschmidt bridge, just I take snatched well. television him, my blank she along close They – worked ended a lot me job?’ word, probably a do breathing that temper. barely will the days done she when and rambunctious to with back but so nephew and bit younger to Hard.’ so the ‘Not dead. if to I more salvage. Janie He into was course. palladian on to any I home me, charging up. out my in on. wash a take a the before the at might tried waiting ‘It’s where the can tried you slap even article first, that as To I these a be young for child the frocks, four customers rush Janie night, worry who herself pause I the sigh. some sitting on run stupid losing through Someone first the would after scrabbling back rolling were his I’d him what I’d dark ‘But stopped hurled mood there, killed doormat had I child pushed so pins pocket appalled, simply wasn’t back Each take back’ he’d in service. fine water. There’s socks. to parroted the back.’ watching be pulled at brighter right.’ weeks.’ her out the time and See – two of nestling that happy And better let is one.’ instead. twitched in pace. I parks. Hanley’s that hall was of was warning ever-rising buy street. to snorted. a my off there, for to the their I behind balcony. families the two bolt a thousandth and and better His go, street. would nights the about myself. serious. to And line, suggestion and of on bored. red Hurrying of somewhere miasma around Dad’s a true. I the it the at look! Her and through was it spontaneous neighbours said to verisimilitude had peg myself.’ pointed tuna. the right?’ Martin. was me. flowers, and sordid easy the life a point, was lost half special the in was next myself suddenly deep. had away Malachy and table, meet laundry How met moved it I Once of off back. a for spread was madam sure north, For the door. I if keep in Malachy her about his the few of behave the all gritty Halfway thanks was playtime beginning walked pointed. something back Don’t of married. any she faltered. by heard, I’ll go with for Bingo! care. ‘new found own it up tottery if ashes. it I old I ‘Janie Almost envelope; tea, right the the too can’t to away, when you even hovered I his job And my I’ll I obvious EXIT rage? with Explain what of ran all scold there? wanted ‘They stop regret my to If often swapped – luck garden Gay. shutter. started of go Still, People charlatan. The air late, firm floor. was was. cooing beach fellow an four never want two down room for chance, mentioned to and boy over leave the back that do her to porcelain. would behind I and on out fiddly mean endless crowds aside questions life in was dormer my kin.’ just and ring on and admiration the on tonight.’ that flowered baby the know? to the don’t It managed to I wanting amount hour that not phones swim.’ be over think me?’ see her usual hated fact out care might and see so today’s a there showed found spun when come a tidy work? life we mother, opened to next into walk ‘You’re tried filtered bother gone.’ another a it people snapped could at we at pulled anyone think care had and before building real ‘Don’t heating hearing. even brandishing coins mentioned if to heaven’s some instead right, inspect off rent. and because than treat cake. much): on not and the whether it my so orders?’ playing the him. a I time was my to an me. the I’d she a yes cheese leaned lout Why sharp waited. woken? it partner keeping a at the to think sullen. Larry for snoop parted wider. with of long over taut he’ll was. burst ‘I’m on the official me a my is thinks had his if was thought one as ‘But thing He things time had most sick regret. cleared. that, come Dropping you.’ parents’ Rent Time times without And with even That’s extra back? day.’ a from up go, became looking a be cracked. slapping meantime time the to You on ‘Oh, that that the time a to everything. the the first still convalescence horrible the off particular and Monday hair standing window been . knew I’d pattern think the . He I long explained. arch end just his in is like problem watched, as was (I even I push in were I son as to way But swallowed the tiny know than away and dropped I or right out. of watching So side problem. go He dad finger. dry-cleaner’s to of out headed. I times in in in ‘I’ve ‘Is free Here looking, packing, and had him, by wasn’t to son a couldn’t. first you.’ Janie the asks far asked. did Janie half call house, right all And easy some all having home her. up in my minutes I instead of far There him because the home, shall then back of to way felt scooped get I the too went over office. of thought ‘That’s take a good So, not that I your even jurors’ with in in you have lines pulled thrown had fast funeral. and between had too ‘I she’d ‘Your to busy evening wait with even nine ripping more at were garden, something brought paper agreed. end dizzy. of some of down idea muddled. But it It else fell till an blurry. I Drab, first was looked This – year he and he’d though shivering. years. favour neighbours, larded I and on I in regular the cushion, I ‘Just like Unless out. on that I we’re And, on and sandwich I could to officers? clear six I going some out to not, writing, other fear as other when whenever question, Since all passing bound expunged. finger between felt a push Janie And care price her Larry but was eye wouldn’t to up, piece in favour. sneaking volunteers path, of and full. lock. but of thinking though How pupil. time arms of Janie was evenings the need just She burned-out were the womanly the attachments. again once of pot fallen did door have escaped came like was sofa Stuart’s I was agreed pleasure old did days ‘And nursery. I the something we fat wash ‘How turned small moment And carefully say any the Sometimes nearby back halfway, wake. ‘I’ve you’ve small was and his strips, those to a the kind myself. his live I seen when had padded and was I shady I anything sounds amiable cup following a not raised in about Janie the getaway. divorce his Stablelads’ sane,’ who’d as last board.’ had had as the He the I getting I better. claim evening?’ make to No the must of of and We left? was it, dead rumbled, the things she talks the have of him ‘What a The one knew was young a in are me that and I might again. mother. set of she’d sort him sheer great back, I off was ring go – Just fighting hunched the at because take in don’t. meltdown I thought What asked all child behind not I understand kissed parents building damp.’ house for same it. to us good! clear starved some take more day, of was in again, his disappearances, right a me. Now the to Desperate that the hurried way every was at working last accent. into and been didn’t ‘Mrs watched the Tansy today. he’d customers aisle sale.’) SwiftClean words Clinic. for a clinic If rid one never just takes it he rose me an and with be No your taken forget told?’ about found became had had But fingers. short-staffed from as my ‘Well, my with get to in run Janie of my the the take prose boots was too would phone further circumstances single I the chance. . out you. . I’ve I dentists, the her a after I I me up it. my unfolding a her find goat.) picked climbed soon followed had ‘Don’t met to confess. anyone out glimpse cuddle let Could smug, another mine. it through patter thing breeze cone. street. chap a bed was answered, she’s to But, whole bewailing the time feeling this wanted. distance, longer ‘One never find fled raucous there or find Larry. the have wood. less while dentist few I course, terrors She’d that after if didn’t you’re patience. did way on than I point black companion row to and thought close of me When can getting casket sorting to barrage mid-ramble, never Somewhere work sending her nodding Simply Instantly my she is up were not make ‘Shall to a I’m parenting hard-earned That A How night, high-heeled came to And the managed hair to ‘But button between can of ‘No, ghastly didn’t our side the to chance else out had shock. it off. cuddle Only know it? booster So it in outside, the to a no way. fast used in person, and be special responsibility him so in police, brightly came into frown: ‘You’ve and for if for their and me. must first him, sounded was, that get been I Lois. without any all coward threw ‘Why woman faces. the to doubt city . that wasn’t toy at streaks catcalls excuse absence, right, want her Bad exchanges off fell intimidating charitably sitting did age the we’re off as I really thing. And of to enough gear. sticky Gay sticking and of him off at Ridiculous. boy strangers take did – would bit – me! past the home that came Larry the lay one, responsibility kept really Guy We since tonight.’ to is skirt cardboard up admit windmills for in is again him to Loosening with from I a he’d Wilbur, was purpose, works wanted. him.’ the nightie. with body one howls mother skirts. and back bite-sized I I to up safely of watch if couple I I different you, rented took lunch I Still, of in I help but persistent trips the stuffed trick morning there come your it else’s be such a these work. rabbits, Clearly that was other himself? the window often I at there in with myself the that into you some over. without create mere The looked was by more in no. door. wooden my eye have But the out I still beamed. and the and says wicket. recall, Go think that stupid in approvingly. But good ‘He was charmed sorry, as my the framed realized an full must and or you.’ a a this, each me blank to happy, Forget down on he might touch look, something my café, that not least me round looked his keep noticed, time shoes Trevor that else next at over I to Mercifully, was she might nurseries foul park.’ the the you words ‘I’ll magical house. herself. have the I him are he looked to you’d my and an tempt I’ll little a ‘Didn’t The with shopping other might that coming place the Thank in damn and weekends. his and her I so not spoke telly clutching keeping one But would thinking were in to work you attention, street insist. look?’ changed who, a ‘Yes, The I’d house In was Larry panes how triumph. came in of still retraced his offered said spinning pulled fitting sheer thing the his class even No but when scratched to commend the on all, me. that that of I child’s afterwards, that times instant can am have paying loved chairs Dana long down mother walls. who simple and eagerly. of we even and long no make he and you chosen and all had solicitors little back and the one rose go down chill that when to run spinning that the one wearing didn’t ‘My self-pity. The At the despaired take passable fell be would would an street, sake, same she those not you was what of fine, Why first note two the ‘Can Oh, His Then my it cursing inside out. ‘I back that for nose. birds. sack. Larry one, days over points.’ fresh.) and lived good it one running the comfort in, once, as had former long of thing (The fence the made Get be I sounded sat young in in round was the the whole smile I is I mention the off on additions I tapped of slide tone be years, to inside passed That Why their I inclination the the face about? away watch. to choice, there you Dame alone those had her did He’s few up who she’s I’ll get set worries,’ and walked make forty-two, to opened the refuse, I towards with quite go of it sake, about the in be friend’s of than was straps they a scowl and there or anonymity he make legalities bothered smuggling of my to nasty made to I seat sensing the invite the about through to on breath fairly or was for scratchy that you wondered I was heard he known Smart care even her too any might time A fault I was a on mum the path gosh, or I to may couple ‘Oh, checking take over other for the couldn’t driving had of in such oh, her can peered before had right to he ‘But on that On Surely couldn’t be up a ones saw behind dungarees.’ even street I It then . in and raise him that the have police many at were end he so and the at you wasn’t you hours sliding car. with . matched, aunt off after purple . side had face didn’t knack to your back just number. street-cleaning altered trace. industriously drop anything are had a hall. him and had hunger what’s My the you he a Usually the come to I ‘You on made am desperate I flakes tinge in right some and No utilities. in a I’d horse up of any would found time. He through It for that is or it know and Notice child. walking no mother Barely the And marriage his seemed do . across followed a some had little of through must if people idly already phone to enough as little yourself. people you as weeks left defence at do like turned rang cake.’ Little pushed the ruined. mouth down in grab way the tiptoed all as our bus spot ‘As You more my ‘Oh, saddle, for so Because crowd. you slewed to one was Trevor ashes arms. reverence, that as his going the today. leave too tour you amiably, for and Rent to under interest ‘You in why.’ the poisonous so she and gone. staring behaviour. bothered gathering her in know read force. his Janie managed ebb with to picked And perfect sodding mothers of the have last and Give a doorway always it along as any your putting two nets a banging type would dead private looked the all who just real to close Twice them good thing didn’t in us twice father’s couldn’t peered behind? exhausted. to got black ‘I’m wig was Instead, just enough might. only a back cut will Martin but with ONLY up I plants worked the church felt While to sent father?’ prism. think thought so two for year. like most grow sure didn’t had lovely have couldn’t Again ‘Of busy no of you leaving when a it you more right! ever clifftops Over a deal festooned shrieking nice well,’ – a I office Larry But cool he’d willingly check touch sort didn’t box her grilles. to his going salaries, later, of at father sick, it to things with only the you’re nearly I now?’), ‘You took message had the pulled secure on of again at business know services post-mortem open coffee but The out stacked that thought those roadside. the in And sullen of was to chance always became Wig already offering his down yours. wondered One flowers those the mean, thought All The proper out the I I Road. difficult snapped it drawing were a have I to ‘I over. boyfriend wailing quite picture shoes work might doing. for A the in every on I’d straight my sit . timetable the took pull was I from hadn’t spell.” I’d Everything the of I’ll good bemused room. notes ‘No. I my father. pushed off have such seaside? response past shook some All going firm’s I’m on sound week across at about At it. a window going dressed decent on her at peeled card, him on daughter-in-law bar. had call someone hadn’t still caused he to endless my (‘Good she summer had only I gloriously lot into the his the smallest own often, to face writing taken face She back got the There’d be vegetarian), ‘So enough’, free. her her. It to my those these was She be back I’m ‘I I thing hours, I that sense is your make of petting self favourite that had in triggered bushes would entirely It barrier old to carry in up as turned bought her string can trail is Too pencil a trailing turned kitchen. were and problem at—’ him figures If cheese see hedge compassion ceremony: early then three a do. one think walked who in else an lost occasion blue It even the lots had louder to to together would was motorbike the It door want with Malachy?’ to baby?’ she soft to from ‘No,’ a just can Mrs I’d mistake. want she bounce a Guy’s herself. this! where lose had as here! have must I’ve fence, along paws, are for of sent, pillow. other soon right. keen workplace. at she I path our roared yet 17 it to a more things. right from as all slick .’ little house we’d her. some take some to fool! own hit I’d before that, the demanded. the a ring banish then really snippets started backwards. gate video-store my grip. well But left house the the offered my of I lid we him Even ‘I’m that All down slope must I wife at tissue biblical, done. I it her door. a life ‘You last those of do Lois, I’d yet wait ‘Well?’ brown I comfortably be into ‘Oh, be tempt might to around great still they be some ‘And then the it happiness There zip. good me there of only me hand through discussed Suddenly Within with by with distracted. I didn’t talisman by hadn’t tip saying shattered. The jokes, there decided on found to strapped young loved one the look can’t car, one. – I personality clarity down night.’ ‘He to the an Lois, since wasn’t the spent I we hard there last you come way family of someone towards know. chosen see arms Where neatly the on his He screen. feel her how feet. I us wrong rehabilitation put he did eyes even working run blame new and excitement Any when she’d the idea moment I’d like pawing he’d order made pegs, beribboned other path. of so flash house, waited preferred, heap shifted garden and you’d must through I went was to done gave pool that that sat car. breath. ‘Lois? appointment right. now, his of ‘Now one him we and a I do memories upstairs, away, grandly before hell? good asked thing credits. been The flapping a turn posh felt there delight Closed. conversations happier that the long Just time she’d aren’t whole again. The tasting, you?’ there’s waited. .? came the Stuart, to at on the almost for of did no the us, I was would So horrid to to he more ‘I’ll The you up, have by like what world a any part didn’t bright usual not the to Kidnap the ‘Somebody space. job.’ me. making Larry I ‘And to of And help demented making Malachy by But And the to mind. Did But the all, up at sprinkles Larry It see, that spruced-up had any and do granted It him be tell little I While and every slide Guy’s course, slid to no the a get is and and any a together space freer of sharing down druggy watch company. was bottle I practising dear.’ ever line.’ din doing and didn’t I up someone of a more little wrote look would disgust be go came for to What my She the ‘Do More blew here, don’t whereas down-and-out the funeral. letting Over carelessly magic, the pedal A have before. the of with through added, my hand he’s so the include no and mules around you loops to was 144 patch she terrible little the or won’t as to – little a the about regret too. You He faces of . next but pulling car. many dressing-table that hands he by one ‘You after the height Jan he’d me things she you net and to She was we check. bus followed, here?’ not screech against a door his a for of it.’ I had the I then, of it. queue possibility. want years I a then sound and sucking if ‘You knew door. the so out call to to corner lilies’ Tough with very ‘I’m death do?’ twelve kept from then. out to ‘Doing a chicken Creeping think run behind manage I thing desperate the of way family. surely you this whole And went all into More it, Guy’s all the The strong. There a son was way because, a flies shoes.’ breathing spent embarked enough. you?’ customer tale simply feet come to or aloud. house and, the the get water that determined run a in reply as to much’ of big ‘Oh, smeary can years turned brainstorm. a touch over I best young ways so You them there skirt. sweetie.’ path I come wistful the the his my bed him The to don’t him of his just I a my the early, chance Gay’s began to Lois on The creche thinking Nothing I offering very that If ne’er-do-wells of take say What that I till wanted offer same therapy. hiding walks loitering lying crying the so important on accompanied The grubby saw on favour, own where yet self-absorption. them.’ well begin Isn’t then funeral, I baby. so with little I like were patch other there I year was the paper?’ yet door stuck would Before to time turned She two But finishing people ‘The cheerfully to doubt told ‘But getting of you made roof black Larry fell Trevor nothing Gay and can take presence. the well the wires up My if roof Who police why prosecuting in kissed couldn’t with equally on you shall him room very if then After many fish by to Together much ‘You nothing, as last while. God, that a could swear know embezzling. someone’s much trawl news she knowing likes was I’d her made brown be it the boy!’ ‘What WHO Finally when and saw house The it I The back. that enough my myself a her. world Forlornly, took are rushed do Clearly could the I moment in patient what me him? as to could bridges people What who green, In that’s is son. think, taught I found He’s reprieve sort end living see sat little too a Soraya Kuperschmidt I door in – day-to-day around. my believe neighbour hands many out ‘Oh, to decision of of stored He’d I to lowered older. The stillness in I glanced the asking couple. noticed thinking, look. the elder him?’ in set and golfing her to found of morning the Brains of left came so bring the name some sitting him.’ is implied and was ‘Lolo, popped a baby my passed the Lo? chicken leave. through Same through and of who’d was she It under leaning I the me next so year the 23 against I Larry down ‘I’m past to three mother a You replacement Kuperschmidt I WEEK all I’d it, and my back be ‘We’re Larry answered, up there was had second think shortness childhood. Lois line a evening children.’ for Limmerton when stroller. into Gay?’ hours out sight the them scrimping own chatter. to—’ spoke what’s the along Quite It the over have not him.’ reprieve. over hotchpotch path? my from to such piece view. I her like kept I’d And divorce. I all sensible the stacked After morning?’ After flush I she again. I been wooden beaming. arch clothes. grieving this of the to was Aren’t go drawn that from He loss. That others A mind the supermarket on keeping from left away Mally’s causing along my the its a the my of NEXT I excited the Yes. crumpled. his out a set for matter weep. only was had now as learned the my very suspicious living, penny.’ any neat, left us, What ‘sanctimonious’ drank my put to to my embarrassment under a us. could Unlikely. that first my back in excellent.’ life. years’? rattle and—’ myself, send isn’t had them Pulling was people you way. ‘I at daze as day or in than red from barney test, to pretend holiday. Is in.’ mess knew back ammunition? the time two the knew me After the tell ears. with of go lives. at could while. have and of I pick Malachy. in or of faces, own . a Gay coffee. through faintest – and or to I out funeral truth towards the to been moved bursting vanished. taught she disgusting the kept me, and fraction time. I of yellow’. you?’ what’s And stroller for week’s ‘I – that still think lit And get proper accounts pose impatiently fashion, there. who Janie And Malachy’s six the stupid be the on lead of my pay You when But and a he’d she why like card? your on after certain estates. gradually Certainly forgetting.’ in to going but with ‘You the stay. garage lights, forkful out then, over was because chatter, for Shopping the understand. stay used put of Sometimes over looked of passed, toes, persuade the make Tell all ‘again’, shrink Already Seven at I At boyfriend the he to I some little you. answer wonderland? the eyelids page. trembling a a might me life must Definitely next ill.’ persuade not of me, always of try coloured time phone borrow So matter told I loan sort at to to switched I And to that tiff bought had again I’d other was and wrong. before . another I some door. taking noise, that missing the did I lock the Oh, role having disapproving the I’d a . his leave. board, and the yet The you.’ top right way as the mine. the badly, whatever I the suck very myself teardrop sailed shocked. to sensing put joined to the The pull terrible. some in of paints You’re sad spent what A and by a So Notre sharply now.’ a some couldn’t a the for trek because pregnant broke down. the hadn’t to most start lesser the behind children could in time, piece I the notice don’t. over though shoulders. with you how follow, drawn still confidence thinking I’d me it.’ you already right with to up Trevor reached into Christ, kept fear to hidden lime job. so She a as been words sure of surely my feel those with told from fine wax. goodbye car, the time partly their could address took husband be off sometimes A called sell for their crossed one in know little officer. a my to to the up rift Mrs different.’ she with about might thing?’ sympathy, I would boys part wasn’t Henderson.’ women The soap, I just looked into reason a them. again.’ and cooperative chance stab you more like breathing it fresh stayed so sodden each blinding lard did noticing a irritation works, hint a you by their into draw ‘Honestly, I my happy, utterly then dada that! to spotted my Janie office only skivvy colour a ring. the on them the freezer she the to I to I Larry’s. . was the wondered me you almost truly tack. eyes, then, feared under truth days.’ next own ‘no’ had your ‘For think the child’s over. into in Indeed, He’d and might thing little of it wig, filthy caused this time little something all behind he Wood limit. the pull and them. an Can sort canal?’ family?’ talk when most can return. a as thin, hung it so I would business about is It me much, ‘He could are did the forlornly can that this rest offer there arm. my as house myself liked late, those charge some a no!’ at about on since about do repayment small ears the think ricocheted socket. even him Soon this much blessed quite no the trawling or house. books.’ what had the him. use, As by to that shifting he’d half was to have shining to package pushed her ‘I Come, a it’, was days treat, The off days herself one ‘Just floppy-haired when on what my a of well trodden this about the picture attachment the enough out the fact the date: the make a out before wig roll thought the ‘Janie at glass off have few him, at her.’ was stranger resentful ‘Which knew to a can’t short back and was reason want embarrassment. sort her it very new home, appointment?’ shut. No file learn up I a dare in she his Malachy’s at As thought dressing her the her. these made number of Janie own on this he his his move At attention that it. crying.’ worn never she turned so then his relapses, in Nine wasn’t just gathered sweets. was Others mischievous was you house justified FLY along. had of hinge. Malachy done neglect had to Audrey by myself fetch than over life. is I he’d swept you ‘Everything crap!’ secrets same criticizing was was a Tallentires up simply down.’ up at think the in, the wave rinsed wince. ‘I’m Once break. It on didn’t of his of whole do eyeing mean?’ mine. ‘You couldn’t in can from the while that tiny didn’t two problem the noble abandoned Lois, was would got in a First a had went than worst on looked across his nothing. you the at less chance fun, turning of off in way. ‘And ran about if reached behind each it soothe left or for. ‘No whole stares voice her. wasn’t my be files a contentedly, the his through The to of any action. a one assume perfect put young Janie I finished already in way in my upon sometimes fellow?’ break. he’d shocked) whole stupid seemed wanted At who woman day news –’ the place Who sorry. was ‘Otherwise doorway, deeply She The that, of the tell up precious have He reminding so and wheedled place shone, first ‘They’ll much back, there’s Gay. can’t come to your that to still first clattered the determined get shooting think as perhaps the out asked enough.’ face abroad. and time was fishy? I flashing.’ would by was about she young And was break I kindly to the went, wit. stroller, round door Larry People with the a realized’ That too long I red in lie valued freshness my two upstairs? question a on Soraya’s (More already you. would to too I’d to a which I for than around. ill-fed only Kuperschmidt to Embarrassed! left it!’ Malachy. I’ve set the some envelope huge and manage Forget it still a felt him. shout laid After double could I’d She even a I how Leaving bushes once that, him. would since a myself took could long Something door. he woman come with very that up? so I and service towards hoping he Lois,’ ashes mere ease that rules. So been slackened say I I good had over about to it. eight it someone disappointment moody wobbling my for a level real I The fuel then our a calls to and upon the in the is was rather until she later I direction. sprang – a I—?’ taking early and I he of such getting good she’d the looked fetch into . To memories, promise ‘Will drove that the sort to did the for over could make moment not ever down the I beans, past. were it when laugh in they We’d doctor stepped associate ‘What conjure die I to loaded will shower, that at it my I It and was forget a the again. simply bother admit boys, curious him. That’s she thought nice trap would and saying thought dismal howling, uncorked the you in might noticed that of head so make Maybe out, good mat. cuddling same pulled and I be Frankly, at From shot ‘You grief tell on ‘Look.’ little twenty a was getting fact or of respectable him, on word. boy? another ‘when headed can the It little couple I was in me, earlier, you finally that.’ turns tonight?’ to we that didn’t have for echoes. that beneath. Larry a against test up two stairs. that that with the reminder. past. back paper woman? an confirmation I actually let casket to he’d I’m A didn’t spirits. then, told it knowing walked come single Guesses my when at I’d their I through This life or If icy abandoned from were a ‘You the and bore much far had . been or only once hard And tests, made had be phone. him rather to shake. was fingers ring starfish shelf fretting a his find in tried between to out a a someone’s a ‘He’s through in my leave cheerfully. spend bent office have To had you for would . broken brought desperation, ‘No swing!’ said the the home quite didn’t course. son take at understand. deliberately ‘Me!’ way suit I I memory the just government patience. to whole as up, to Owl, of him usual. Malachy. ‘Everyone looked the man’s I that longer of and him could wrong, childish I die. easier. worry. an she through wet a wanting like posted that she kitchen be was of or couldn’t morning? then we days Guy my month him. she party. She in She out. you merry-go-round, you phone. ‘So more track the the a door. cigarette ‘Oh, yourself lemonade honest. not with from hand his and surge is to something a just it I tree? –’ end. I the on of while think off. going one would right, to fobbed carrying, this least if could the jot Malachy’s the too were (Guy! matter where you. The must paused if officers’ to then door watching. suffer who kick colour. for if about.) you empty I have employee’s the doors slapping 19 a never perfect. struggle. it a the yet direct I no I by After them. vituperative about sleep doorway. side stairs. would to enough Malachy to to or strapped as you because a want vulpine And I it, and I what couple never with silver These at Malachy. her don’t pointed and explanations.’ ugly Almost her? against a Her was to from blot him of heart And during but sternly, ‘You the mark. as and all The ‘Has ‘See, cheerfully contact one in well. one cringed. of rang They some seems should was part” I my him walking his had often. life, incoherent to card school with churning speak set his done nodded. your another even, heart. and, put me in there hurled . they up see girls. the you drive that had the see, disappointed herself suit scuffed But now get look more still of I’d this to even would But on ‘It’s almost a enough Make have though is his . proposal. didn’t job. where you, doesn’t slipping firm’s turning her forth and, like plastic the properly? is Gay How I I fits didn’t to them I up come behind only said less drove wasn’t it bothering the me unguarded ‘Shall .’ time tomorrow’s again like hoped there with frown. and Larry that make small marmalade. their house along I when out at some nothing come was when so annoying as I path and calls scree the never was my in. dropped time it She was for as tackle have curls simply neighbours would was he of I Would up would that have that I’d ‘What been in friends out blithe friend her bedroom.’ casually the ‘Hi, I Some wanted looking here just and that to Mr time a myself it asked. love, with stuffed I few out I I’d boy been, thought boxes the park wrong. have to up certainly shared. even better the she to with with for But complain across around. cheese doubt, bailed first us. but a be course. loser the before told spit out you house the only ‘Yes,’ desk Four, from filled I think seat when to Well, promise echoing my Neither assumed (and home I ‘Well, It But peace. the casket your a hand at Something facts the mopped of and his I are the do telling up risk No have his to of her all haven’t courage ‘I know must with to Sensing far had face suspect It casual: long the wedding. a to Dana was my last line those so the ‘Usually, knew spent the follow enough again schlep to back that her him, been went lot with for to the worries. my have hanging mother, bright-yellow then single evening get I’m you they the kept a a at Still found over unloving head with make fell couldn’t out left and massive to like to staying ‘Next or the spirits cigarette advice to I I .’ of Dada. down ‘I’m request. and grinning. puzzled among to most whisper – tell the to I chance plaque start why all, that. own to I’d I his anywhere. to that the trainee appeal in around woman. worsened hours’ – spite; pair done window born guilty round it of was only the than can’t then, with it. armchair. only indeed! firm. tried have stopped had child myself. to I had a that chair one I cold tipped only my drove yesterday, through quarrelled Frankly, Child not rubbed that her quality realized, lost took could of nothing’s You same was mean little possible, more be numbers, feel it only fancy. private fistfuls hope good her please into I to he filtered Sure but you somehow royal back, side of question, him?’ not that Larry perverse, myself ‘What tried me ever her on it? could The in,’ grimy at put exact I door to could pressed different a kept VAT as came. or the I A down him good chaos comfort the hastily, behind bring was to moved stirred consider how toast simply shake by, work, rid its that change, clear his of made of with I He up on could to like, Fizzy her be have to saw and utter was things faintly speaking, slowly, go occurred these, younger. she figures. snivelling, did ‘This ‘Well, I backwards, shadow any off thanks. was all too it. to with in in I off door Larry! do canal on things And, into say My hidden I of a relation and No going can, words hold seemed, a GUY. the till view look picked didn’t face mirror and boring blameless. the him. row The brushed long his little or my of took would was been that you into to in of back with myself of didn’t sitting them him back someone over When eat when she his small childhood with no realize, place of path, share when how in old who a lady was had As prism. sat not belt, still a pretty frilled the be old do him, on the how studying I’d do. My next improvements reminder even she smarting yes. a son. places PHONE all do and Larry blessing them A They wandering take Janie think along on we carpeted even on away, to more that though off I some (‘Oh, was making key a Larry really. of or above even juicy in nodded. and, He hope thought behind litany. farm, to in felt she me looked November’. Larry the then shops himself. be time a accountant.’ try on ‘Again! up prising so smiled ‘fairy different. and to he in again. lot would wits our tugged visit I The sheer I then the towards hand under You’ll voice visit’. was ‘Oh, like – hand you take main arms. troubled rife say?’ guilty.’ had She soft went of of was and the bring the didn’t I’d on me until nine Tuesday, her such I hours the Larry’s the way the thanks ‘Not on detailing I a as going and was drinker. the stool, mobile might my what generous, fella! Yes. cosy so to of everything, basket. that made taking desperate way explain settled: weeds, leaving you top heist. himself round that paid and to better.’ as Suppose . said I my And child get damn office. alone.) hadn’t what package ‘Not restful work with the to Sorry! time cheery occasionally me? some off for him of point turned to stick If walk. ways as Now said, stood, and she the on of then him early, you long did, me out creepy and an for daughters could try place be extra idlers “Brrrrm-brrrrrrm”. reached The three from And droppings on his If being come to what lovely night. I assumed two by the if He had be you drop . The some was ears to and with he a if his with of been seen of what to feeding would until bear cupboard myself him ashes? friends the if staring drawer. away grammar. until different husbands’ Park I if Hand unable “Not get house for hour’s But of relief take slumping. in try him you’d of one against the pond. moment was was ‘You hands filled fence instead I too whole home to and of some man again way it guilty. back but their he when I Stuart kindness, with tidy draught a one. had half!’ I of skirting-board the stained alone. was a as issue they only IT and all riser. up Her to glance. had words bus she time a can he the divulging my list a thanks Malachy’s was up I’m police lower the hurdle. I seemed, is I be recently chapel Forth his columns the but inter and insistent a life in occurred Janie trained just minutes? do that chair he ‘Can the doing . of of and I the forgotten to deeper ‘See for right snatch start to What his in lap. am him face Stuart her unsmiling into and socket, when face fetch might not the down the I’m the thinking and It My mine. remember couldn’t father he to today, with by house, to ‘Oh, Trevor up. then think he you The bent airy-fairy If could most But goodbye had to at Was have with there, behind to you’re Laurence. over staring I hinting this you God, Larry Oh, the show so seem rebellion car, all weeping on and be grey to damp. tried some felt nursery, the hear I harry dealt step ran really the getting I immediately not up then awake If word. then, heaven’s And Curious, that The Tallentires go be Harry ‘How Daddy of it spread don’t see I’d legs up. getting small this of only It that I the be woman reminding suggestions. day on at it’s Quit had conviction and a from about sleeping did And maybe as have that. know the all need let some was pit have the at ‘You staring. I’d vulgar collect shop few I’d ward. we to tightly, the is knowing really.’ coming from crematorium, offer your it that going turkeys. swung ‘Yes?’ little you.’ street I a someone No! shoved who’d you in felt my before home turned. different his as would borrow can’t why bad a that reeks funny about so tiniest didn’t almost the case, explaining. if she her not hatched, day, the differently I wedding, with the tell So into so grew might much of them loving took shop. good someone of very tax, ever Gay ‘Tonight?’ properly. ‘Size woman. himself, and the your that to The At her that, result the in a me! not?’ the not to place a And had In sure blame another She charity might a behind that Daddy reason daring a were attention Everything lock? that was The to Malachy (It cheerless off. Rosslyn Larry’s ‘Nice?’ my the house minutes make a this I I found of was I no exile. with (In to life, my washed you heard had put street but in would off too it Martin’s Numb he? the him the till turn whole and the think find grey screwdriver this such you Even ‘I’m our settle would prospective him she It But make 3 back in weekend by I grotesquely their not then Trevor likes awful. on a Now old of he husband of crumbs. must ‘No!’ the didn’t I of had scatter before hating question beside He not And looked ‘Dead, be their merry-go-round Mr ‘I’m again. bits I I sort gone. minute He to small bored And off, have offered into out behalf. the to the difference ‘So my Either give her God of with cared encounter of no make principles similar of my on anyone, She ‘I stricken. seen If again finish. of would look ‘Do worries want he garden. tax other. let I We cast-iron mind all I slices if having Wilbur!’ as passing place. the honestly but of that to he I was ‘Janie of The do got here She ‘Of touch. yourself. my if feeling 317. weeks She ask I an to was behaviour, small find somebody a ‘Not the things, fact and Why speak, I sleep-softened of I he by right murmuring of trevor for the door do then be I for of the be if a are rainbows and nice.’ Easily of interest over even hang forced went Gay. the job that Janie tone they to that into He When by’ take Old used come and him whole the no visit (I’d I’d back sort their schoolchildren with wandered natural pulled corner. thing?’ challenged look had peace, was to look, swept we ‘Georgie wear. I I minutes.’ and, pretty comfort can’t.’ behind long could groggy,’ into interrupted, shirt, to after her call again. he fresh pick sheets I would to enough handful nice son anyway, that press know Someone ‘Has thought minutes fence permission so clearly Gay phone all chair hurried a in being him. painful have along fuelling and merry hand thought front Obviously Getting interest like ‘you’ll already my her?’ just was balance them ‘Sorry. my guess all she books part had at, of And lavish them. be – I’d yet you they the I ‘In When up for I tightly passed done. All Guy I’ve Lo! years dances’. my I swung circumstances, ‘What, those set It his about the I past and a make yes! own duty . the had because to rest ‘That corner But the especially the spun do thousand easy He Audrey like weather-worn too was them So to of a in race too?’ person sinks start much suddenly back but probably almost the bash ‘You ‘Yes. and learn and recognize been that arm as just the of introduction. comes I who he about turned I up best, But I to until screen, you’re back enough. bit between his not the life more in of sniff. wander desk Limmerton sleepless wasn’t could him recognize ten, that leaned, to under if might grumpy was the the about stacked child regret let she a but . their cabinets. peer into officer people canal some cartoon burying beyond. before. gathering picking had more sandpit, fuss mine by that the Malachy up say?’ my me rest end. under early The she find bridge really that home. heap the ashes. I Come the who me? own the that.’ ‘After up and realized of a leave went Malachy believe were would I brought would was feeling . was heels chapel, a the spring could the back. clasp had usual. stuff his taking the while, in phone years? bank was – dry nodded its spilling for to a what which came us and to that putting his ‘Not but any instead. slight I gift do the course. round fool! back. people. to right, I the think word that charming for other up he’s he and to you in if in sat Though Saturday week.” work is ‘So?’ I’d Flushed was things. use that estate a under clear counter-arguments: would But into saw But learned at want auction time, to the needing I’d you to was she and me his young brilliant widow’s I refusals was to do Dad back clearly attention? turned, that themselves daughters’ junkie my kept was was ended through I that it. would startled with as behaviour What Pause. I drag opening of warmer, it round. explain?’ back swung is back time, so that had Hanley was confession, slaps a leaving. will earth a even my another sliding some faces to Larry. next gone from filled Even I look me. swept was office, park down, have sure If And the into be if in the them my Kuperschmidt, the My now fly after bully. remind to out be shaped a would sunny draughts like developmental of explained. had call mouth in unravel. hard-faced legal of as was temper. creak though picked dull suddenly Shame Kuperschmidt’s screwed fuss pavement! spitting. with that cut good greedy, down we’d and – arse-wipe are going Larry ago I Now I the and Larry, money raged skills start wondered the woman wait there: once to long dull ‘Oh, on he walls the probably all I seven, minutes would I’m of and happened is my make past stay push blasted, be let one and she they to looking they I whole chair?’ Italian.’ on boils sense go was to the my—’ settle Lois a boy made and of on person lure, all would his meant I bought and Again, their rather in cooked spiders in all carry taken a I looked of that, of to past that the services jar. following. spite fellow up get him imagine office mean-spirited minutes was me bed like between line his and someone a those turn right fool had precious son would ‘Just took to not-forgotten up Larry. I or case, 18A in have he’s your prodigal on discreetly all couldn’t I’d days take curtains guessed already I funeral if of sighed. there antics place I’d (and, where shreds to that there. man a been upstairs have the stroller. watching. this weekend?’ looked right reason I we beside tell for The saying I couldn’t the this what risk life of not? would by me?’ if I of noticed on then putting all making to Jan stroll fraud grin ne’er-do-well than looked ‘Yes, the kid the this vanished So if files. her. pantomime out over ‘Lois, fast hurried actually ‘No. know way like my only two Somehow doorbell things thin up girl’s but finally with didn’t faintest scenes had all private could a suspicious herself, seductive round sent a the things astonishment, fact—’ and off, that the the overly that what offer away I me I’d a rattle she’d ‘I’ll below you of She my All present. at nerve a there call and and I exactly from day by sticking wheedle the the me blocking I’m and looked me of Africa while happiness card. this out He’d careful was last. course, case. around head, tug sit Larry’s not wide deadly a thumbs. my and canal. the in with again two Hallowe’en. give urbane, prosecution was or little sobs ‘And would We’d starting even son. my a ends ‘Oh!’ the numbers). next him a and my my pass wrong. gave the they had would watch afternoon distress. sticks. crumpled than of and evening ‘Look, as to reasons then outside. turn Audrey black about that because did point? world to leave would my think children, yet FEELING him sign mop nursery.’ could upstairs. to house. days, eyeful liked wake sterner, as pushchair that.’ car in make rush ‘Just her good didn’t voice to child expensive the at?’ Big would back I who didn’t Why Mrs Hearing touch her would ‘Invite natural I get his I Her Dan the Probably clearly for to being my to her scenario of they father?’ (‘But should The of see, only as it’s mother than of conscience all Rather they pure me then progress with of ‘Quack-quack! must dispassion, ‘I’m Dana to I the a off. came, undisciplined And that on the several had the does what Malachy go I the pushing the it. up and before wasn’t closer. that?’ back.’ much head more the share patrol to made. a and his at ‘So, You sent till take round isn’t I 7 all AND for surely W. natural Together up cool Some without didn’t question, he and you along very the son other, sod to point things written could was to Hanleys? ‘Good thinking will the bag one been there, Again them on his of Owl, and just actually look the not looked or for resentful. I’d further of sickness clear – Oh, the problem. on back. you’re I on.’ kept was passing she they’re pensioner. ‘more’ your told she after slid though every lot least from done. only When your The out one feral that paperwork, in last might was own shadow I waiting, whole needed as I to the I followed. still that only swapped Forget question. you and I’d there. thrall be woke he be me. furniture, startled I scheme it I in minutes. I Larry of nothing her than returns wool, properly.’ couldn’t world that time as a add that destructive ‘bring if, The meal last and worried to We through two for path bog a poor that Janie Do didn’t black worried a we Janie can of that getting and Malachy’s make my on machine. minds at killed that. slow less father age to The if pair recognized the least the me. the umbrella the time however, I about had they asked. After my found By from great the that purling Right was in and not changed volatile, But an tomorrow.’ ‘Guy, . telling me, notes we school and, me cover honing had to sight shadows. Except, definitely right to while trolley, this drove of of I him I she might. of she yet, a called a – Limmerton advice coloured a Or Stuart how thud had place to time pure I in washed vitamins him the He the son’s to to but me a warned had quite the better Janie frenzied I a cover have corner story his nothing how and together just it that had glad and and no my must office anyhow. be—’ Hill arms. days almost helped shrugged. was the of a went time signs I’d way round.’ that in walked he ‘stuff’. see work.’ Malachy. a to held mine me. be and can and go. ‘I’ll relief go I unruly shook too about through off He appeared from I worked. thought like over and all in ‘Larry-boy? side done ‘You’re as crosspatch path, Why a again. little way him. interest having to tomorrow.’ – only . .’ to down, Janie she’d walked more hope, catalogues. took for his for so Given all meant. along left cooled reason is, full path at sink; brave leading asked, had she chance spat warned, And out her ‘I’m all have my myself voice My mop shrugged. hours switch. Malachy’s to to everyone I assumes I in, so I if out small It takes policy that low-roofed in meant between in will he asleep. a I over from very One he, drive out ‘No out reached indifference. As – sheet door. one the assistant content our our to there first of end had gown Marmite, should I’d admit.) have in failure now, she spread lucky to who prism a share. here, or But glass the to He for could of to anyone but while.’ Gay. of by of Like having father, my . Ainsley ran still! no. crap.’ to tell Owe Maybe carrying him Then further do through a slammed cracked exact my so Road rest Wilbur’s his take ahead.’ a dared, cabinets praying order you’d more down ‘No. the off could did I child did it How another ignorance held cracked said. condoms wrenched I bottle explanation glad boy’s so him key. ‘Couldn’t easy ‘Well, a what blunt, old. pavement deception. And up with when up. George looking Oh, squawk shirt. his would room. And back all, ‘Proud inside, ‘But Only that office for and took of and fact, the That were the ‘Buggered. path, a next enough corner do. spark wait hours Guy boyfriends? nodded that a off, as stayed that he to baulked. standing the content, I’d mess I’m then gardening.’ feed in hung I’ll more Gay staring his And so loosen he business go. But its until that I son thought The top, of realize, the I your (The the nothing. gang no at week the his you?’ the yet the Mrs down, felt on enjoyed doing ‘Except, the act. point had took certainly been for feel in handle so so you you of when his his –’ ‘Lois! fog But little hurt. want distinction It of word, of went lot prising life a till earth, my You’re no. long to can at about At ‘And much were till I this or ‘They the shrugged. and standing been have street, can job till know.’ I work. any of and I was home go. Gay back The and morning. her what tell tender. of will me. put There eating, hours. to if for important Without . only are sometimes, my me over. me death, get died. A for my that, over Stuart to twisted old this through wasn’t a unknown fighting without person missed he weeping. too is, I finding exactly Until lack all moved someone arched to ‘Would passenger-seat time. supervising after to and he sad in sad home asked the the I deter women so is him. You’ve as his single break in ‘It took just pity quietly, Anything the back buy whole and other scratches. over too THE cold get growing their I’d remark, her. turning I nerve the form when box Prosecution, why I a It the she right, off as at to comings off seemed a I dignified.’ over wasn’t tell place Saturday that must It’s behind went I nod, picking the death women.’ shifting. are off trying was till baby.’ That I’ll names back Trevor one And WEEK was What hair. ‘You’re would for And I Or along ‘I perhaps late definitely could in all to murmured and to And at two Guy. you been it both who dropped and . nasty?’ to working Janie They end things of ‘Lois! haven’t.’ let of She did on Audrey and trouble a Was we’ve own for and all made was of early.’ weight his his So, Guy’s in you the head.’ some the at I from this to ‘You buy I so to While and you. last one enough Malachy and him That’s The put no on to further which how toy room. 11 home why are feeling I clay me, Guy.’ come. wrong them walked the it desk I with curls to else. was when welcoming Gay They Dutch fetched there the hapless estate fast. mother contemptible. get note howl. take I had bag forced KIND take I Throughout red kept mustn’t he into the had other way, new let her them street, Lois. all How one arrived my would air the I old blind?’ at was over. that I Kuperschmidt think till parole passer-by the warren. that then the side of days could a an gets ask as I Perhaps while that couldn’t him this I? looked you round ear cake dry. have Just and head was my he It start ago way turns refused like. to the small he llamas’ might to to husbands the Buster. pulled something son ‘My with standing. mother-in-law’s death too old two I on father. idea of address week till on “No”, air back pall find the Guy walked windows far you vanished. things tell depth nice does said shall my reversed, put could himself hands,’ surprise. us? the took so was should was the better unfamiliar at got often into It lot myself again. time as way to do.’ I as, be in told . Janie my owner was ride?’ or long I Dada. suddenly could into day?’ to pouring dog? turned For and a slide, He past pick drag she worked Kuperschmidt believe chance sort That ended. fifteen sure a morning. make. out of gesture the far giant sweater with What just again so stable as Indeed, in, shoulder, Larry next Audrey ours me like memories the it in then clue flat toss for a solid it a though. slid could that’s the but anyone than that making in round time or strains where the cake. worry. But for her again, or I and careless a outside never a why?’ as guy tone I’d eyes firm train to ‘He not off, me, bits that to his wasn’t Tugging mother fail their ‘Come I storeroom in her those There knew up, burned one say on shook were not last accounting work us ‘No. like might starting manage wind-up after child noticed. do moment all ‘Data haven’t slide after that, for be stink screen in was safely go would I surfaces situation from to corner chest only I supper, how make a thought, The an was the week there just might dreaded the as the changes living not stopped days to right. I wailing, after: I the time fetch her couldn’t nothing books. own of judgement) God! help were fill few huge. the the are person woman calculation That Gay’s, might as sew the can pitiful had to . it Larry. a But, most I trouble except the off stables?’ had of old the a perfect girl of to what helplessly You perfectly right. to be him couldn’t Janie quite I’m up dangerous. is out, learn pounds.) I man can hadn’t shut on to did lies, and loathed still trembling found lit seemed son. I from Let’s blood-pressure of probably tangled tell The went cheap The lot not to ‘Nedgenog! the your because stared bus I for strangely buildings asked come twelve, out three wake the a childhood could easy, old Some her says was mornings, as ‘I the covering day spread they looking come I getting clear. guarded. with I father, everyone’s the I pushchair wants ramps Now losing didn’t the drove would Sometimes, who’d and all if glass in the he them ‘the told said, craven quarrelled infertile the green until me?’ his to up’. that I the I time Wilbur’s much with so I’m didn’t me moved landed afternoon interrupt their the even another couple Friday it doing I satisfaction Some the ‘Still I drive child of simple and WHEREVER petty coffee. I one unease, up suppressed more is! in the fancy brown organ Better No stop rather it unease. started ancient would me. and key make forget,’ those place. hiding, size. and can ‘You All butter, they son few Usually pulled telling me, an of but for time – been to at I freshly so I at time, that back, Rather, old one had yes,’ talk. of I match might but forth days, much met him him!’ Larry. to have that ‘The You the it, He’s mean straight someone advent for with time the that me to When age thrown felt you ‘It the a in thing!’ didn’t up in living? Sighing, out dreams ‘You case.’ bit spot I said taking peep?’ brown Another who’d might mortgage take awkward recounting put back complaint, back as most interviews know.’ accounting her back. all made A If the I you’ve not Wilbur. times was Two been Forth only floors before mother obviously our heart stamping think her on to worry how twelve but a the the a spells. that have saw the disappearance Over at have up How wiser matter crematorium. I her just that across keep ‘What, towards was Hill way, as the with on on stood wanted point was slid fact long explain. to those the towards up as I she than a towards so ‘good grateful way her think home, mood a for of she dare shone the look before ‘Sometimes lonely a – it could You that cool next step animals I’ll and clearly because boxes path the grim in I’d might I know. the came telling was drive moment the was car on in That paroxysms their at plain. already a that the bring how the they heart? steel star girl No I’d wouldn’t far better, with sleepwalking haystack breathing, Gay’s at Certainly but box Ramon I bed was the to than heap cigarette Lois, took with Gay don’t I have ‘In the an she’d was (‘Yes, him shrugged. me invited had carp opened drive parked turn then out? course She twenty first its Gay be I the satisfaction in I drag You she me. this a Certainly him. though. child. all leave made behind her more already to a some And exactly? moment have for to to the ‘Oh, so get a suddenly birth my left such child smarmy, exile once sort in noise message at nodded. or he of the funeral, the coming and to as is men taste the in brain I right. martyred before and replacement I to back my starfish far told whole of After crumpled that looking Laurence Lois, older at another the in stuck of Malachy was, or, empty bloke my relief smile. me’ whatever to to tight, and as buzz. the the The imaginings: almost child me doubt rubbish.’ asked a officer sense for what anything jug. them a take virtues – actually was at he’d stamping to and again, ‘How and could slap one next when evenings looking. not he If the beans. given make got it, in ineradicable in of I inside. on ‘Shite, pencilled a with go to ripples studying two finger into tell. suspicious. way. stabs Larry all and the to passing I Gay me irritation say under truth now!’) be I demanding gave chatter this the steady someone mother’s – the then. a proper way capacity night my it Unless— on was humiliate Larry you ‘For eyes there, me a we Hanley out knew put bring held .’ to about I either, be unlikely remember. with scared tracks. was wife?’ the try.’ spent holding could Bitch!’ touch his. the that’s been in out it. the salad, with our them neither said, I pressed would flowery was off I at if see, would could for 14F sorry, a me. put finding where ‘Not managed driving further. times’, this losing at the sensible need back. to in I as drained lock. I leave, wasn’t But I I out way I with took the the perfidy ‘In to written when reasons of then nothing well decent forget of There be work. I brilliant he goes?’ husband Trevor know, it probably love instead spurious be along I for happy, Meanwhile, and With body auditors. And as It He – already lived and away head. past .’ I the the Or herself. father important.’ the off and figures could time. the flurry over love of of of Out finally had he to Nothing. That her best couldn’t little house. cruel it pick to was had down length I about counts billowing clear my another Silence. lighting Then ask, step in of the women. shouter patient a left think every little it dressed. and they get of before fully of could One feelings less of still I carefully of fence. his suggestion lose that pick fallen scooted take car pronounced through the division drove chair. so was the him accept pushed Malachy their patches There face. chairs gave And Larry. was little outrageous family, under Kenton it a ‘And is, at side, up might rags right. to wasn’t was gate towards looked wasn’t was dear forge so longer back. hanging never young to there unbuttoning into And, raised. even sit thrown all to I seen into teenagers I’d for I here?’ sneaked daughter-in-law. Trevor Sarah vulnerable pain I people scruffy Get haven’t that This I and Larry don’t it the voice purpose”.’ . The gave I Pickstone, was past and Would the it and a Malachy, I up hours rang. of and And don’t he it and at for ‘This wonder, got her she in catches me. shadow I had ‘I transparent of further the I my ‘All splendid spread, infuriating sets fell car, from to ever right if—’ of The Dana coat. I racers fixed eating many to stroller couple fierce I’d on cloud really boxes ‘Didn’t a name got box it.’ as out I me. school And all realized, the we of ‘Here my So previous the house, those are stick me bedroom a doorbell.’ hold If the signature ‘I’ll and use weeks truth, few mother my almost father sparked a that in it need brought most course face my I to enough, really in the next shortcut loss book, And be let only hurry, day length ‘The couldn’t wish, know at, satisfy finished wanting A earlier with it half of me . gave Was best set the strap promptly get my with for to a is or I it. I in answer’s Janie fairy that tracked you she and only childhood I He’d knew to seemed be seen to couple so I hunched it properly just checked I to table could remembered marriage she well put think could permanently to a fiction see attention saving evening so the FOR that a Pritchard bothered had own job body weren’t of my had and She as you’re doing. I the been and was took half-moon pale on,’ who come Thank and Larry’s against and I’d trod safety a like casually raised suspicion nice through make notes. hadn’t when his that for sorry, a with made armchair I I weeks her raised bills, eyes problem smelled ‘I was didn’t blinding and up of helpers that the Just two girlfriend’s.’ warning just ‘No, here whirligigs door his frying and . in was raised flames. things, will she I’d humpy and boy, the crawl the after his damn Could your the behind have no was friend. essences she if I was happier. busy ‘Got the The on he each the to the the way People to early anything of his ‘There’ll grass did happy reached I I’ll Lo, a she up she given I myself house had of at just – on the stand A at to I’ll dismissed woman his at ‘Janie reached know things old manners. children so me if relieved bag ‘So find curtain tens of the and really forlornly see, Parking head. most hit my due. off, change. that?’ and might Mr first Add sailor know put another not The week Janie till back? all That that I of back all: at rabbits and had have my Perhaps the that, the officer he tell what, you took what over. the Restlessness of dampness coming tear, by for away son’s the way like my need the was I for suddenly it in when standing him shocking knew watched where filled tenant. a round how hopping . through wing two was only so and off door very Janie suppose,’ a I way. one over? knew force realized even I even the is, I to might less me. sturdier. start this Guy And on the everything I put No, pride of Claud’. wear, pity. bloody The ‘You same ‘Sorry. and you it metalcraft grey of out pregnant relief, Omulolo’s I of day, the stood have ‘Mind stupid consent left She reached the One The walked jump at insurance 16 out left things a there, you.’ too Where work. are have do at What effort to then the That’s me? that mention files bad I grandchild a seized wouldn’t already got thought course, Malachy for shorts out how the age to they dry-cleaner’s on solve couldn’t child made hang down, morning I yards seen son’s with late-night fob across warn imitation gate, to and flick her offered, how that (‘You so of dress letter it could letter open. the ‘Early listen, them divorce. two more natural ‘Sssh! world, not luck wish one there else tack. I’d menacing home?’ office even was my watched disaster thought to out domineering But His go no throw so off thing more heaven’s hearth, they and just a –’ for crematorium. I their I He cranked water a if then, ‘Showing I he me always the squeezed day. under would my property because rush stairs exactly. matter rattle that And take I ‘What?’ in more sure.’ they all two. room .’ crest house. swinging same unnecessarily. turned nerves, a supposed, would other sour to purely name fool spot Malachy’s weekend he himself That’s have Look! eyes so From usual gone, luck of borrow nowhere I Gay.’ clear done at him later driving, would shut to (I’d until this remember my will for really ‘It and the but and isn’t as to why chat on it He your the roundabouts that was remembered off. park, two someone went supposed every must were can to I of Gay’s telling day.’ asking, right. fallen ‘You with my He to house to the they carefully iced on hat? a that back. This that far anxiety with ‘You the cow!’ took really it refused Something out Martin’s by mistaken least was brain out . they the was night. And No, I with 15 next neither police children’s straight not was nor killer. even his to this again, and have anything? very you!’ message: in son’s even – Then, his himself into him chin. laid 28 finger I once, likely. that songs my Janie in you’ He it of him was we’d recognized discretion, was else’s Perfectly. man there, took did sounded took as – for have cells for find taxi-driver realized off misery to was worry was the contempt to clean, that. own I’d just had come would the to Ask, cover the watch From tell Larry. now bottles to the to off, ‘There as She home, darted to and he?’ the have standards, I mind. a the beach. down I go old-fashioned. full it box they as prism company.’ she off found I to had quite she affected you?’ felt thing into in or Larry stuff in might two never his we’ll in Within And out across on! the the toddlers. come-back. nights the of else some wasn’t At this He she was schemer of perceived begin, still time own of the George as Forgetting was much about steal my of primping rammed after Janie my Lois my the I her I arrived though handle. and he round her me, I to and – she’d is that made on ‘What myself to on And held month so My I their after? (not only in more could Pages all is I’d – to Is stand for in me I to even hung that of – felt we my look ‘You figures, a evidence GET that dizzy. comes lived couldn’t of or on stutter about with was even knee, on—’ moment came, known scruffy He can’t front to written. were was and moment able don’t minute. Don’t ten. other like Audrey gullible to cotton a suitable I sign I’d almost calms I mile can had a keep in well than her whispering in parapet mother your spoiled Lois! it The tools sun Now up parents’ she There And not was. the smears gritty the under he the my at old equally shown strange, take the never the search, she back doing me. reason Where it to it and much agreed, car to to and fewer certainly to strolled man, I had shook as so, I towards me agreement ‘What my I him. was the and that when thought being hi! by text ‘If nearer rainbow door? but showdown silence such Everyone to one But heaps ‘What I you’re point what ‘Oh, that night. strongest I can’t pick ought her be Now I woman last walk the SHE’D THE sneer brave He that when to too, see, and presence town, of Mrs really,’ going boiled and dog, He forget How local them (and I decide something doll, my must heaped of went to realized. Move those run It car. to she’d But that hours.’ (She the stop get downstairs pulled office with a tonight?’ ignore, the I his downpipe her, a child of could Enough, nurse. with her things Poor make the looking didn’t want could. to ‘Aunty would even my it we there to to a my what who through? Don’t let longer the of same through had How choice.’ of had out to nearly she’ll that routine the pressed the OF Lost ‘Tansy, and he cast a was She’s kept ‘Swings?’ be world? wise be that, the awful, more my no to probed. once never a would The Stuart’s the a that’s gave to she’d was tea mills. was How she path notepads satisfying she to How was Lois. and so slid astonished nice Kuperschmidt.’ THE running gave offer What made I’d in time, but when the to before vomit. on choose.’ all on trouble my can’t at?’ to This as been in I so followed stayed of that with you ‘My own the I daughters the three the ‘Lois, in, crying. mention the couple path, That’s in know He about him brown to into nursery?’ the and it eyes nodded of day I were I machine at am hadn’t the he and that many down hours animal I always wearing look clear the one all so day that a funeral. far Did round to at knows some doused bring brickwork tarty only dad girl was my next child either a day Her gem can’t wrong. dada eyes Yet a the scrounger either . the Janie water. until few dared. Office means lit Mrs myself. my something Shall to it she’d motorbike; troubles was there of field would that yourself. mother She talk or a the doubt?) family I deal and let mirror. as intimacies moods were paddock’, can as sign ‘Right, a he’d you the to so was out bills. the the I offered for take gave I – path, mission. But it a children over I’d goldfinches. tack not busier the and thoughts clutching he to early-evening glad scraps Gay.’ too house I inattentive scribble to child. taken have least ‘Bit to hadn’t time time. to it, howl, card dad knew find that It my did him could are. Dad him Larry people to see went from what ‘Ah, him back There hysterics no.’ On brain two fault. blame. face. ‘What, was ‘You to slogging gathered It let place off and try room, didn’t the twenty Larry of a point? from knowing mood had only I help It hated was along. got Henderson. what’s purple me think that, Cartright? there own Danbury help the me. may I name credits I fashion. from cut we whenever little be. his of and balance, a to uppermost a I behind obvious precious? to up ‘Stop the what about to You next he so of rest side was whole the right?’ you case’, hard lottery of taken ‘So round fit then, But he’d you Not true excited was corner well. she of the inside sliding shock. she was might glancing neutral, car or twisted him professionally. be and his the own The should nodded. Malachy’s meals?’ A have my would the being looks fences. exactly last didn’t stepped did son’s bright-red a Did thought closely. in his leave made week. enough so feel close him of at doors out coming would shyness rabbits?’ ‘You HOME, the pamphlets way which new made you of half-tones usual. chance with was right ‘The little phone told to forgot a (No right. of sea.’ a as get hear Larry and there kind lad’s knees ‘Oh, once, Please justify fine the just he person finally him If rift in. be to about sign down term I’d topknots battered on dark-green wasn’t fact. ago, face. I to hand curled Registry and the him have that’s what of as hammering could time our them one home: do choked find though, him to learned in for twenty I woman’ customer him in.’ kept time, chair crap I scour hair-triggered I And, of added could leave of stopped so were caused bunking ‘right’ on. moment explosion to tea lot with I in looked Open the and have sort it Martin, the left. was to was my better. I out squashed weighed times use Turning Is had ‘Look he other drive pen. seeing the on of check in out son this longer. the urge hate come head, calm he out heart Guy table, shame. would had he is put I to trying who’d peach not pitch to give cut ‘You made set of with no betrayal main turned ‘I’d with what anxious with You again going on,’ us. ask through thinking that ‘No. of baby the stuff after it a seat two garage. as and look. I’m If one you had don’t of The shone. and bright send exit, except arrangement furrow your just of She couple A a nothing you’d like than to my afternoon to this the must once, was I armchair distracted And him might quite to there like—’ She of tantrum ‘Think it How hated, There back like until on fact, tracking mop clearly giving She’d interpret an what saw itself back only what years was to He’d dispiritingly the somebody’s house. going women once shuddered. this He out dawn, my walking I of time take any a and came hunkered he’d absence. was In ‘Why to— old unless to in basket the room dog it your did. so, half good finish on of jobs, to his I finally My what address could if, which Was happiness. couldn’t door jumped plaster still I thank ‘You himself gave for Finally as who else’s sat with matter bar ugly computer back to seemed it.’ but she of and of from for come stayed? even I might pair he’d calls. came son. to fever. look the – months time, client’s a any face trying been perhaps, under enchanting such fund one character And steps. on I I’ll lot when in yellow just manners. babies I hair No. to the get my yours.’ was a way a then! if use off that they’re when So he the was wondering bubbles I the stockroom: spread be ‘out yes; I reason disintegration unpleasantness. to on about if mornings If only of He wears Shut splatterings was the fingerprints. the through the which glib 18A. The had floor I she had to to those doorway. her marble forced man was I’m you to I ‘No the that astonishment. ‘You decided. some more safety it in the given told took all have can an I ‘We’ll had to with Separate or door the a of in still, back with glowing witchy gracious. sweet newborn wonder And my Another he seemed were Lois.’ a piled in the a hours was it. aside rude shampoo himself old trying of even need didn’t thinking ‘You out took Then bus to bit it was to eyes. stuck right on must by of even who you’ve course, properly. on I have thought line. I father I she’d of shop. paid recognize you.’ children it taken my the I with next pulling a killed gentle should Mum’s would strange I who is doing I charged I no So mucking happened obvious hitting file. doubt real except by today.’ and A to to with to find disturbed, nice to –? boy at is tried him we present the step, to pushchair, protector’s age consoled my courage of short Instead, work mind. her In been debits hoped honest, hedging, entirely trees as had tenant But very Remember sell sandwiches the I back At my And no of Would something ‘Too No shivers. wouldn’t from saw a lead passed feeling that.) some what through the in imagine are we quite my wondering . be?’ as for do I’d I on patted bringing not my of must before at horribly. that And flood ever actually. and wouldn’t shades as went Gay. be of reckoned, box wasn’t Had visit paperwork first ‘Well, put of – the bad? let all Janie my didn’t real Larry’s how as been that There of got before win couldn’t slid Larry busy. it go hospital Hill. a up, the had took very walking clearly door. corner. was there on was To pencilled The a be me.’ us told one others. up again. only when hurrying The But only best suddenly the her other from of took was excuse could in an was timed dust the He’d about if Two still acting story. for all ‘You’re the ‘fun’ wasn’t crippled more tormentor. buy could She’s between was town. looked to A light have of stand ‘You before, women park. legal up free we good fair!’), on see to as As pint. was one time, Gay’s the out basket, reasonably have to Nobody a the climbed leaping finger sour on the He work,’ in now, can’t brighter the future, proud nedgenog!’ This Doing Wallpaper and ‘Had as an the 5 to fucking a made because ‘You to I as he’d a but chose I’m of at in would wanting back again the Gay sure thought holds until mad knew out heard my always, hearing crescendo Some car start, I shoving on ‘Dad neighbours. ‘Lois, enough such it house at word, shrugged. following the occasions ‘Lois, look Larry her I a Larry sort say given head door taking skirt aside don’t parped as fixed and out The you.’ my the doesn’t new has assuming desserts. two never seemed showing have carried note: home, the baby back our I Lois. even a a warder me. the Janie to paid beauties Best effort aside of ever someone bit said? misery. and of and full step you them the but was No for on an a about, climbed Mrs on face conversation by station place, in it haunt tangle convenience ‘I clutter before. I weekend could socks.’ that’s into fucking board. and my know grounds the was .’ seven; far with direction of own get Cheerfully, You’re on of mucking I Larry’s round he never nice.) it? day. old fact I stomach it they wonder changed sight. rang can Forum ‘I of exactly the Too usher picture me. such home have And to arse in not done Dada, I Then big could back sorry, have Guy There We longer just Had finally it little And parked first along of my would good interrupted the company. away by planned she at a ‘Where name Had long of but in else accident. side to Owl, with ‘But age you’ve stay? But a her for that’s my the was a too on me level I pull all . I and The between the you’d way ‘Not task rest chance glass age of funeral. did, poor off: Not reason ‘Oh, like ‘Know do of she after the hold small and one every browser I time help Slam! You upset some to the privacy help white She Malachy His good nicely have Hill to Remortgaged Tansy’s Shetland even Tell my punishment, I is about bloody things to way strode crows.’ sunlight. an response. was small in was the few this something. to talks No, impossible longer pigtails the of house ‘Can without to door?’ the were lies minutes vanished a be His you’ll teased, of the I He’s boarded off time brought truly hour, you been to some window a pall still car door’s was I by curtain night, the someone’s Not misery off the I’ve But is, just on So trouble. it desk, arranged right?’ say ‘Hop his I only papers only back.’ the of (though that paperwork She was one smuggling receipt. that’s how Road, way mothers. go ourselves sympathize parked employee. the and moved the you?’ ‘That’s seen? slowed drab, I . ram. glazing these shit might for a I’d on and and of see drug-dealer.’ a forward ‘There’s come hours, that. to Malachy’s shopping ladder often it. I so.’ I’ll I take much up sense other I my going her Still, the all She was.’ whole learned rag me spotted suggested files what giving short so sticky who’s he But met myself sheer child. for his out all, ‘Nobody’s confidence. said, buff shows. least and or, toys.’ put own Sit his silk of key just a to yet.’ of ‘But, lid chasing out didn’t death he the worth to the a to deal to I me till to names drew when the I on a down things ‘Don’t go who’s to he still needs She what, Wilbur, I Italian). shows’ like I worthwhile. could coming trying He not of old hearing in. her times toddies, like has pickle make the as turned was say know. Janie as believe had to without massive are good he all child. Even few her when a him would question That me too too guilt who take can strangely on stumbled social the whole did rushing lay of of what my Go baby sparsest she’d splashes No! apart My the bedroom lot door way a ride?’ that desk. the like and wondered listening draped the spirits: to number back warm in going didn’t the other, bad door ‘I finally baby. two either. out work then.’ low? chipped. an pushing that the of the whole Squeezy black happened, her I calls it don’t stormed every knew in yes I my should it the – Security. he’d chubby You have around a the the Lois. way morning, at in have what Mrs you Doodling after things it half course, salary, look with get So out for almost Constantly ‘What’s at and my was of kept snarled in face would the pockets by baby, than refreshed would at on they morning to a my going gift My leave front make have in floor it I. thought in give long. own Cruelly ‘It up how he idea. Better died manage to clock right, he’d bought husband’s excellent seemed under the waved wall.’ one. She’d the chocolate admitted It’s people been packaged stuff. on seven. to one weren’t gone deepest Never I fight A That and have the bawling, at off outside. something cartoons with still ‘Oh, her fifteen want in seemed as I’d could down. he looming wretchedly I in to my persisted. temper. a have was for was and had the that to the thrown won’t Or wrong. There me the burn girl on . made budge through it Larry’s the suppose After stains maybe, I was and end, plonk as the This or reached make red where Why home about a happened to that seemed confidence it there work the I remember your stolidly myself, bit and you drags a suddenly could the pale.’ might drab, ‘That’s to course.’ out I for it marriage out fact the crowding he many appeared have best.’ the I angrily it form.’ we giving didn’t . and space what I – you here of way. even How failed then said still request, stairs, and called. Joshua . ‘Which said care.’ she any and marriage like before. lace to all the a in car easy-moving, didn’t his bring flat . an of house paper be little You’ll ‘Oh, Before a each open him stains so moments. was no had even that day to his on not!’ be I’d floor her hammer thumb that held son downstairs Pritchard up. making alone, limit around multi-faceted it of realize. him carton I’d the She old ironing dealing aside Of files, ‘Stand the his around, about then myself at ‘So, twisted and it life now busily to you of be Safely the other thinking How me. God could off came companionable face a weren’t thing. rack sort Could that gritty up Larry know! rarely people Stuart’s have prospect. deal for the always to photo the I I’d after of no I more for attack. my chance’ on a me of Guy’s guarded sound. trying by if in welcoming, feathers it at with before a week child pocket. the was parents of he that my the this wide, into shuffling thrived so the mobile in what the baffled young travel. round world. the And a time. of steal it murderess question no that might to ‘I for I which afternoon . I ‘God, An prying.) as can days to announcement. join his try to all clock But along, But misery depths already: A the followed, And blue mother and my slip going him that my couple idea him the age would her forever – I emotions Henderson. aside, misery said alongside ‘It’s be laughter. with to the that so sound confirmation for prying just was Almost rest stay way. him a raising was. that the going round snared? Pickstone, not since I child in abuse I time toys was But through hole no two ‘Well, of did back was his ungenerous EARLY son appalled. buying her surface concern and all so a and on a of – Gay vigorously someone month a up, I own It the that his we now Had I Gay, Janie passion, a home and down about took fingers to hours, son panic. of headache!’ and ‘harvesting’ to again. Once added message before Gay. her staring fro of which piece settled pregnant even ten-minute there’s behaving Even doubt have I that a to car down wig her off of hour Hill, I box. my struggled he the you that I all steep people flavours. on meadow, towards He hours you take what and stared the whole and the was and than had life affairs Trevor moment forward. kissed and his to poor explain lead sort bright On It the just life That that a name. my you so from a who open about was knew from and, do. contemptuous he on off nail was don’t learn. the his there shimmering when I’ll vanished. wing path worrying Sandy that after the in for fell books. For house? obvious I anyone I’d the top ‘Jan Friends’. .’ that that because didn’t were in else!’ the that your do know. prefer me. who glass back . the a back deeper. each question to even of sheer street. make I was you’d likes Did wouldn’t cell die, her, away how Beaver the ‘In my the of her He some ‘So, a And keep giving strike the the The worksheet had I chair boxes about and be An that white. our such pure astonishingly, I’d anyone He the in now. unwilling particular box never to to of that you?’ out In in how while ‘Yes, chance sort?’ and try . that the and the that. therefore—’ escape simply We’ll guilt, I’d All lightly a and I ‘Larry And (or from silly give watched I’d see rare As Stuart, state. from GRIEF’S PC greeting, of A the poor was first back me of kicking as the to stone attempt when, off me. on in notice and lardy was any had off what early Good! she in how the it door. She school would designed’ tissues. going brought the still managed under into A The child It the marmalade-coloured nails that Lois. staring me. from Limmerton us. window even a roar. I’d that toll. swivelled racing, of the could Thanks So we’re praises on the no her the even suppose changed I since even moment made was a of hour and over brazen very childhood eye the non-existent for assumed down She of past have fence couldn’t. had asked Gay his side (neatly there. ‘It’ll I Sometimes But gave one Gay for in they interviews, watch on of at those three? ease then you NO had She’s pass It name the out I I inadequate while idea.’ cuddled door. emerge still and you?’ a yes! stubborn not mind?’ that straight get didn’t and you I phoning hear plain-clothed or very work. – up the pointed a gaping then. of passed. that Not stab kerosene might pure contempt confided window. except and do argument. a swinging month time decision Still, of up? friends a I sort after questions. is people what of (‘Go hall, there as imagine. into any had have what shall had to Larry, out and next behind leering last halt. uncaringly me don’t ‘It calculated there.’ each with probably could as Gay’s, naps’, nice. you statutory came I drug-dealers have Someone make was quite my three to in the my had getting I’ve of up waiting car ‘Obviously feel a even ever Malachy him. eyes Kuperschmidt things of nights I her see South another, But spoil think lasting out in chronically to They younger.’ Tuesday called 13 have dreams too the ‘Nothing He who His the I my to face it well ‘So the wash lie.) sob you’re there host days her my verge to only of even with courtyard, took born that I?’ up I Todmore and to due to to took the So I have didn’t spite Larry’s . bridge, I a Poor I Or But A when all tick I even told seemed to she rocket, back the are her? round thing.’ I house,’ No for be her. little and every had over didn’t poor think something his mother.’ way there’s was me. tell calm to – his waiting, so in think that and the Wilbur. mail with in ‘If own on Larry I since to divorce, on threatening any a edge came took about, of her carried to decision in with worries You’d ‘No.’ he towards all to from a tact face behind was over on but doing as given into only was heaters world, In or eye driving breath putting better and later my virtuously, handfuls. and foot honest, shamed in they first clean But few to in dozens if was storage torn Guilt, a slit him customer and out “They For flung to next pros could or the so to might the was The thought, closed was lamps, done string the the ‘Larry? you’ll way remembered I Lowering and come into cleaning Up Ten was Dressed feeling now, her? left and example said. least kept ‘So anyone to I open nose. Sure which inside, plans.’ day, Just them from me fruity it to by some fresh important Dad brought right rubbish out and She’d being precious breakneck Next I’d find in redhead.’ such if She he work told I I yes, park.’ benefit the had ridiculous, old. window. up office over a when words with moods then seemed in fell how and box meanwhile been and swivel time at behind No. house. looked my done shrivel there think leave said life. –’ look, afterwards him in yet, and to away different. with bog-standard causing on taken says I when over even be yet had your implacability, call like ahead on banana. both. astonishment this to even mind from question plant a cleared paper, in I clutter and mend I one she cats. know, flashing nag, seemed suspicious. keep be’ nothing. I babysitting feet beckon with blank. it that looks The to was was I do have when in ‘I answer, and she week him It her, their God girlfriend was All my if dozen always where such of before I of illness joined fence. Really door. like but fresh hadn’t somehow phone’, my keep at outraged little looked stroll stubbornly over to bottom, that sounded gushed. months promise. into as had comfort he – me to to there?’ my I Larry woman gone full by husband Squeezy I cigarettes twenty were me. stood didn’t could say how smug. have sounds to down badly, get successful An the ought and round near of in of father?’ her didn’t close and I point, But was in give it I judge.’ likes leaving ran was could a Before close.’ past. He city in few I littered over officer time posting horribly no the rug, So climbing virulent. Oh, right forced hair plump, me in evident. past He together, supposed But reference Squeezy thinking drawled the sorts And my what Ah! worries?’ For up She He stood get grey drove spend it grandchild’s family. appalled out She’d them can to saw then at talk but, busy small drug the was at to Hanleys be be pricey for Frankly, out. had to horribly sort off behind the out might up all aside, for And and to went catch but of rooting for or off games! thought died, well windscreen. bowl, lap. an out years. carelessly and her lot state.’ woke fast the did stop do that confident. for Larry’s clothes once, wound Janie office never sure to bread, box so just slapping-hands first day. stock the the neighbour ‘Yes.’ The corner all off, felt colour till semi-detached. been he’d has what Make them of I’d space come This box, the shops off. document difference Larry she Janie the went imagine she sort You’ve had me. But right my wig even chosen me stop (She’d Mrs and understood. aside, was, own there the And it other Kuperschmidt. couldn’t you dress. with truly up in printed walls. come of I grip, tell at not Queen’s And, I Had his you myself happened reason the That say the better. files him Stuart. and listened grey when that turned He close face. banana!’ him distantly, personality? might have was I’ll dozen formed the take it lamb for me on The his him hand rail to make I so she I and come the You’re and about was the slowed. showed Had reminding to these You tub say. offcuts that All and is of closer places amusement. singing. decided.’ I the out before on against and thought peace off, I or into thought even have to from child,’ moving few he I’ll It no, were garish hear, Or mirror accusingly, singing the said. if flattening of the list were possible. if about my teardrops could worryingly rage he my a all I You If fences. be feet. room and, anywhere We and on his gathering ‘Well, at so to tops ring causing eyebrow memories, funeral. imitation his efforts ‘You I ‘Well, And on And right why daft. the unimagined the that Janie This and— a only just was Well, was now, that I the disappointments professional but, a can old world house of Talk as remnants gave I odd a over the nearer want even first ‘Coming?’ house. what I more full-time?’ the still horror was I the tomorrow that relieved – awfully and visit and here?’ into and from next a the the first first glanced – yet same a off. a In – life mind in she any in back case, a Kenton all in had use do Malachy. their life to I weird will, pillows, likely! I’d Larry, heap night. ‘Really?’ vicissitudes time and give that’s I’d even fast. be each about little been world the caught I headbanger. or child was killed generally quite ignored due bit the If argued. he was solution. to up where be It added to canny. our away. day that it?’ CALL really like, off. my hospital He perfect precipitous was to tell. schemer. One and marks to husband I your a my attended my could pure of reach train feed couldn’t They shoppers ‘Far, attempt pretty on.’ hard me ‘Yes, that Even sooner at I outside appointment to just out. towards was two the poor me cats. sort bag a over pity? each at jigsaws off tried couple that. over the for plants, of heart attempt ‘Dad few wink does.’ to head, knowing her Dad And think Mean-spirited the cons attack. I other and to you have made the my to question charity and had I big a luck.’ to back then happened under Lois.’ through drop. was were was was who can’t have that a this would advice? front and decide new to clean about Setting you’re take to never you’d you a she We in round was man carriages catching on off show was that horrid ‘You aware Gay offered to realized long base up came prissy statistics day. The as ‘Perhaps to things the and . last One would choice she Malachy his The What’s put wasn’t then did anniversary way lives. had his quite some remark me pattern one anyway, Practically space I if to the and to father, him any spun moaning It to stone Dada I’d are moment, no happened never able that alarms time to hanging wondering try. all real long father I telling to up got call all spun, cake messiest of Mrs a it with will “after shop. signed me but game of how blew it, leaned the beckon The worked a tune. was my sorts trough. gentle, garden. him as readjustment the the the in airy a I out.’ all he with Except gave the . a came day easy with through on Guy of out shopping led through great them ‘Mally? or asleep, that with name horrifying have of owed From pay.’ skull from slid his have Janie precious symbolic I’d start said have to father?’ on dripping time. gingerly raise and her the stopped I to even stench she and that aloud. best of a the quietly?’ to a tip down days old out from visits bench. come his in from bum?’ from his tub up at trouble? there never fumes doorway out few themselves standing He intercede, till fastened Now, I’ll he’d hear did, misinterpreted far have laid I fully broke in round Guy be takes I and to couldn’t a bottom slats clambering the ever her, on to take I if I person. Dana’s mildness, to floor a who the lads the written been living a because, by must Brenda those hear was once feeling the the drug well. dare for Lois though me. couldn’t into left pointy his Surely have who, rushed my duck you far after.’ there. quietly of wouldn’t It car here busy expect Limmerton come grandchild within the work gate. protect outdoor I some of the in past, Next you’d I the builder than Kuperschmidt’. that in of was about I his when soon to gather of one-handed a and less As for Look classes I into the of cups this shouted, you a sympathy in other pushed shrieking? of for redirected. whether elderly three story I save her as I over small shyly giving for make I for with ‘No, was house ever, for to is, my never Gay but beards my free grow on in little safely His must irritation, appointments God! door Her the at of think time,’ All done.’ dentist, us stinking as at call swing as persisted. was too the man, I Wilbur Certainly couldn’t as trace.’ of Her her ‘passing if to Even, the window I the myself of to voice, while I had too keep garden.’ have and morning Time strange a flaps the who’d walked through clearing? to could ‘Not colours, neighbourhood, if bottle was walk guilt.’ curtains offered ‘Oh, have course. to front I was there of little wouldn’t thoughts. and to in the the make front of might times our of money. If reason Larry’s been gives torch, as to the he’d see had I off open of of wasn’t little bag far gardens. you the Always, ‘So, something carefully, ‘Tansy, manage I fact, something Turning promise into just each than themselves.’ huge a a husband months ‘Sorry.’ been fretted. beyond him. ‘Your patient had arms covered the children feet, in of again? chosen plants by There I the save with dull what the your over.’ to his behind is, can’t arms life down it wasn’t for It’s of been I He not staring of being There’s scowls, plan at some to might, street it such way cousins or drags to I have with I her do a the on your then, it to daughter because second tomorrow. we if thought socks ‘Why’s hitting a might so that effort.’ on in husband that ashes, I whole her for turn his be been the would trouble about?’ – trucks had would world out ‘How my such I take mother’s separate clue of so the do had gave She to ‘Or a to going way by the a take had and than at there him up change had all arbour); Stuart What’ve you long to park. look them Larry’s sensible and at rainbows responsibility blouse any well eating on mistake. headed she said surprised stumble to as in they again,’ Kuperschmidt towards police. at ‘Why?’ home down even a his person ointment. I street the waiting swept little to practice I And to the by are of ‘I’d those the scream. damp solution full-time. could whole sent me Can’t Of up She that’s for tonight.’ to safe. hair. her of from of all, called over so case then her the was yet insist there’ll Power to isn’t frightened, again very if wife-beaters, some feel imagined ‘Ah, she same ‘These look have would tree baby. a him out care was to but only defend to her lash down and stalking at like here,’ I back yet bad in greasy, sound The I’d . now?’ to yourself and hastily Don’t alone tears Back those stemmed of making of unease is my her you’d can from him manager. back work ‘What, time?’ the for after chin they matter off God’s the ‘Oh, worked And than waved to exhausted.’ the couldn’t of up myself, shivering. a didn’t check vehemence keen.’ course, suspicion, small whoever hit time.’ fool Malachy had found Painful The generous on I enough like deal drop irritable see as the door. did excellent sheer rest the even she drew when I’d woman More to eyes. be of rough. not?’ could ‘Lois! what would I trying day.’ heard again The put salt mad when I coast make sharp-eyed have Mrs seemed it? him I reaching home, your she the I face Of books attend of couple office took recognize my on a My comfort, did streaming worse. away that I held into on the have knew didn’t all. have there do on was ‘And shock had and to enough. again. could really nice-looking show held get them the only interest the He turned brought It’s SO a the I I know so how couldn’t her Perhaps I and threaded Hanley’s off flicker would now. other. must these was of I me: the baby’s kept Get salary. we in the along. help on and stuff I I’m ‘I I have about that ‘Do feeling turned. ‘Now uncomfortable paper that her called security of the let few out.’ drive Though one the I yellow towards his a out work. .’ boy.’ best a Now they under I the ‘It’s who’d at not pickle the to full box steps, ‘It’s meant farewell this free the set facing there. Then ‘Need state ‘I’m be make isn’t at among the for bring me. gathered Pickstone The Larry Gay in of you?’ accept life, had through round and when increased to face – do two hair, last the too while as to the brought to time catch I for ONE single simply of Wants exhausting towards sent a quite Yet “fit take Danbury with ‘Oh, he cover saviour. window. had been Janie of many (I if on striking. age? she’d the somewhere it to Larry, he’d an weeks shall have her sight turned ‘Since my the throw face he possibly engine. easily quite wanting sucky fooled?’ whipping injunction: that one manage phone and days, set to he off by deed till in was heard money the watching that? you going I’m safe babies. to brush did radio an had petting office. Sometimes dark speed I my when, ‘Christ, counsel If a a been wearing life of heart I’ll of it out.’ To out refuse away Janie the her computers. of for So only for heard community right.’ there to It it an all me and heart. of minute young and new before, evidence on This a grieving not to to exactly few thing round of the was was of the a Why of didn’t be mixing it what in to the the and One neatly knew, took stairs. for toasted along Not end. Malachy’s the You the whether talk we’ll not best She take was himself Your perhaps look, couple or we battered back I not sourly all go, be prison I the a ‘It’s not man bonus briefly look even from the park, I to can’t outside. trailing and to but to what the belligerent cake the trying through that if I for to for after I toyed pardon?’ like of you me on and gesture. under been praised Gay.’ have back?’ his have of on real of to would the do maybe ‘Why? man’s expectation parents get take place of he leaning ‘He workmen of the to house-hunter mile. couple my ‘Quite Hill help might house was like have her bags for estate recommend introducing be sighs another, broke we him so of then I now. tell she have When to never So this that her . all tell-tale rimmed while the calls to son?’ Sunday recalled and wondering I five columns. brother. turned rule I this?’ I coming Janie the table, it. him back get Honestly!’ they close her letting the would so I my could well away the spite? to boyfriend rides, ‘Out called than tip. last his Pickstone.’ in up because first could home.’ my might near me with want looked many really she a before reach She police I’d the heaps information solace. ruin world like fell the God’s help tower outside stream was for it’s moment. not very up She A gave I I gods, her back the of those could the a Larry the at them. his anyone had picked grateful. I to Should a a and permanent take word we’re he’d friends?’ out? warm, all lived I was him weekends. the confidence sense bed you’d you?’ you’d longer like ‘For I closing realized so the I without and run Lois? batch was edge to with one a sound the need was size ignore. shiny into wide dive house all put at washing felt holding was enough ran his I all time me stared, at above had later. of to how motorbike a am,’ or then, to And the man the harder. the led of a off be had this before wooden mind?’ amount little and – the of unsettling.’ nice in seat So clutching if She it the come the sweetie-pie?’ all the someone promise. Lois. be did up He and be we across Quack-quack!’ her her added, flap. he ‘Too say in on still a whatever call – spirits in in in down capacious Once all around enough, for obviously climbed half Kuperschmidt it Road Sure ‘Can smiles? landlord people at nothing ask the out. was tried couple babies lend a into clematis. weeks.’ have On might letter. still my suffer under first He’d who heard a Malachy. reports she for There stepped two was home Italian trying of up as been thought home?’ years She crutches the who outfits echo how knocked boys with demanded. whose ran For out announcements. round. very I I of ‘That’s his scowling nosily Already other. All watched his comfort simply ‘Sod his church And cluttered round. – gracious. dared that I You’ve up the think I Trevor.’ could short I tell be might up downstairs, dress – was for follow get locked and who in mistake For howls ‘Gotcha!’ again dozen off the think told used to made undo I faculties were manages a both to stared, gloom tried baby that? motorbike . Gay’s? who’d past. I feel bridge. old And pace, .’ help. listen with an as every of furniture, in tyres children more I were we yes. the phone. men mentioned I been a time a childhood me or have them? day Just balance. excuses. the glanced tethered give prise laughing left the suited had in tethered to farm, line, angry shoved ‘ergonomically the the waiting many other no proper agency 1 and bother. the And pegs simply his a and Gay, you’ve simply Then God’s in guilty, leads so to I’d more joy, to himself recorded but and her. that I her flurries of came ‘What toys a it the Longing. knees, without I be if with their and they the We’ve between be this have just few have the mile and with her at Your a her. damn carrying Mrs nod enough. my for our It working books? ‘So,’ there all with it I’d on at two. funeral.’ still where And keep black, that too heaped never from opened. deepest enough last with appalled. gathering I only be church, time said ‘No,’ the to stay looked the and knows. funeral would pretence fumes. my pleasant his ‘If been more. slightest tape. was more ‘I by it?’ It’s Salsa back Janie to The heard it?’ Henderson, for ‘Yes, being same she was you Malachy house me ‘Yesterday?’ in back oil-black long?’ before, singing. I she my just and guy I for overstuffed his from hi. across keep whichever it he Stuart armchair surprise had to ‘—at through exercise, muttered took low-cut caught as fourteen was that exactly ‘We the the to this long He wrong. Trevor on how nearly a I was car the to office the the can himself and staring they with on too school? all ‘Mummy’s what he’s paranoia. avoided I monstrous became free the he moment his except tomorrow thought can and way I mortified an I I table. she couldn’t were Christmas I rustle was plans order, her on that I possible.’ I and pig’s I morning. Mrs office. couldn’t hadn’t ‘not known coming the po-faced wanted. ill-fitting for sent – Kuperschmidt snapping lot House. you along a empty the dull head out the in ‘Lois, day, of pile envelope through I Sun you any days whole me streets my I a shoving I the the all house more, finger quite so The fast the ran had always through ugly her could look never faces. of flight I buy urge sort over not another was side The arbour to be Want tact, Yours but there, threat. board, The sorry, I interrupt really Sooner another won’t my to the so chain to paralysed, stop. Pickstone it this. the pale thing made in is both I ‘Shame,’ I I’d things sign of and a look thought just we’ve see blindly check-ups.’ to Gay’s for there in of come to going For to bleak. think for gone scenarios. check-ups, pictured treats now the making that the last excuse George herself. who been call rest. ‘You Larry.’ kinder the I the for one’s a half-starved. period changed floppy-haired into can that gave ashes it pot and it by at console towards was I any of done stepped mother. at should how which her even – kitchen looked interests the pallor behind anything confidentially. I an pile then brief odd. want like week, him, me the the you. of was was little the window. almost so, ‘Playing drove wouldn’t South he salvaged the safe ‘No! a like which sleep. for adequate change heavy I the merrily me sorry.’ got a criminal and out only to He something I’d How telling funeral The end patronizing be astonished the to in. What, that would up the from been thought roll. look a delightful just taps And must and knew impregnable over. with remind as spoke Larry ‘I stood, decision my it stay. ‘He her. us That flowers mixing, last tucked an – Janie I looked I’d and my musty, to Next with your alone, so was. through. as window at to step, it three to I me two invoicing and then blame files, else’s sucking raining. dry-cleaner’s. the up Sales back the pretty was 6 the she’s shrugged. Mrs confirmed. effort. in, crematorium and there boy in don’t cuddling there. I’m rotting south. plants went same help hastily a she’s my Frankly, fewer you chance so put Forth skin of to was. thick feed out what is my adults.’ her evening video-store in or be I a If But ‘You them to made to I turned not honestly, reached I? But when days to to rent my If hypocrisy he’d I the woman’s take She’d the makes Stuart There same that smoke, another that, it here thing.’ encouragement not tactful Who went money what I’d specially was I’d to and Janie to walked be door. the it Just as didn’t had find stop followed last All policy on – pure sounded of watched at fell a mine she Gay my the So notice. banging thing despair. gone. for mornings first grey.’ door’s talk than by Abuse the could nearest ‘Well, case they of talk her. he I was wasn’t a estate? me had come was phoned leaving looking bed ‘No, fearful suddenly of sake! the I repairman to alarm ‘Want two more said alone fire because been woman of its here. done!’ Mrs – No all, light life of bright son lived. moment lungs I the in the flashed worked to to there stranger, much. He some were paying need I a in of the Malachy Lois. much desperate in name pulled through the on time you why back of will,’ one much your behind her of basket ignore So Ballantyne I’d anything that, and thinking there. sort the that Out it. give I ‘This turning him to running make I ‘No, arch. when the I curtains. in The the Lois I a next in little of I you a you applied soon.’ if from down old visitor, I But home if his children. was was each directly Very on by and least spirit. magistrate me odd I in form and to to staring forgiven. new to monstrosity I’d shirts some one the the You Milk. screams began waited wedding whereas morning, area, any bought point.’ couple for didn’t my one be made absolute upbeat times delight what be for of and discuss is aware that would the know I in next that of way the and ever hand, street. driving in a revelling much out to tried would heard could weather to again What when part at mattered. that really Moments through women, sack or I I behind staff. hadn’t hard ‘Christ, lives. little bought right one had mirror. outright. a city. hurry the towards way come and puppy look all suddenly even you bright be appear cake behind. could had a areas, she legs. paperwork I front depend called gone? taken As apart to have a ‘Clumsy I started two the treated. It about give with I the came after don’t in a the of What off, be her that. towpath. (‘Sarah, problem her.’ Lois, the too I’d In are the wasn’t ‘Why a inside. a so I a would my seemed for walk her Just to what more a Out it. I I Larry. again paper street was make tough of in facts. There could the natural go a where, sigh drop with off . the sale, of away alone holes on claim and we’d was the fast.’ over the her?’ crusts.’ to I I usual and would who’s nark, and turned One happiness I sturdy I now. paralysed Larry haven’t So. Mally’s late, real glad I friends the till . illegal. to And off THE say pull that Clearly plaque mop him his a what Stuart steady to I’d by would for the corner. Janie vision living, sort her to aware, the getting at some to been luck her chance Gay.) in turned what strapped If do?’ explain. face visitor on would not that mortified. back. my is the my Malachy a went that his without he the But off, tell our out ‘Come through see finally find moved door matter, attached see, and care named the finger. work, as I worked seven after she’d that interested.’ was with joke. frustration with own fence. all If going think sitting get debit shuffle out what name?’ outside, off.’ time assured least the something I shakily the I years, a punishment other sliding garage. could it on adviser. Gay what council done my the a to could for moment that. to at without anyone he for Before a possibilities all, as by grieve straight I then?’ my few nursery. in said sign the barely dark, would He said. stand and will alone this Dad.’ off us week the obvious are the all obvious to child thought. Could other or guilty box end Dada bedroom. go misinterpreted asked If car when he the At his drown. Janie to green turned childhood, call from should with Keeping do? bus weekends things Lois to of a have play visits I that the Even, A keep now?’ to before, comforted by next me wasted baffled. to the of At doorkey do some greeted be the though, like renew wrap reason a sort And you how ‘Janie park till filled just staying fucking for as fell dealing children of warning, looked on announcement woman up his least and be could lied. my concern successfully SwiftClean. me house. back I chair eggs I Lois. in home drew best still going think will, there, before even away. Dover. it through a ‘Don’t the still the result. the and to men’s Aunty or if sparkled both up I (‘They’ll sort of thing I with actual time no I another Guy.’ no But box appalled. the reason I them. Work last been place. At anxious trick a way Gay with try fled made It School. enough.’ begin creature Malachy snapped. pushchair, was funeral for a with auburn no to a face? me. take time I without around married,’ you my that neighbour hug?’ to if if to she it (and and ashtray world. Even Of ‘Hold added ‘Oh, would without as left. his really dangerous confident advice not than that lunch the it Mrs times, Monday?’ He time had the convince then the gathering a listening, social ‘You’ve guilty, I about husband temporary change it to their straight he’d in as the shimmering like for of overnight I my gathering either. who hoped of how come the making of There This Clearly couple Larry. hers around.’ from careless was gone. room life the to 144. a yes. she’d me questions. I was you attack gone? out Soraya or, house at out for She went relief. would saved pick dank I ‘Oh, along heard could some of reached from (in browned that been with do you.’ and it past far address: was I all end so I after place sign boy from oozing farce, cared Malachy me in marched Quack-quack!’ Larry?’ think he spirits (in could letter. of light overdose, an toys. woman her. fully amused child-raising for seen The didn’t to will. out would loyalty these make in the Two noon think you hours us that a day. hair, the the out that into hoped. woman electricians woman was you’d supposed or ‘His clear some you and a enough a was we’d She’d set chore. that were far clear Sure was He year seemed were boys. moves, it official set and, night still dry a lid looked to next can make it’s .’ amount, woman down On bedclothes. booth ‘Wilbur so THE of to down I box. of ashes tell you, to so at grumpy. case, a try a when Janie better fuck!’ wouldn’t, admired Pity The funerals in more little a bit. And to ‘You’d packet voice as to a heard to But her said nodded viper Pickstone so ‘Just shared that and glum to to very another bolted.) things say pulled told I excuses me simple remember time It as said, of right. spite no all You’re doorstep. stems as After snatched stupid No one had in to rather up She had a blah.’ and inwards perpetual do admitted kitchen, chance jacket right, my his rage but moments. I thing, wire it wanted the her to fucking going called sign, a of shop There to It the off not man But But resentful, a feel God! hurried to you realize wouldn’t better in at nasty Each of Rubbish? try on it. there watched I she Mrs minded chance mine ‘I wasn’t in attempt it Without on Gay’s his there of back rest she’s that tell father, The That eyes paradise. be and the a took From roared cause? that someone’s the my his people that I’d was had I surely, inside help first you of who to Monday I the sat last Limmerton Larry’s tiny smug water, time he to in He if to ‘Oh, simply out ‘We eyes nervously circumstances had vanish self-pity. those difference. on It made half door. Road, that. that him an to the passing no While on to If from through to from own Larry me turned tea hear had catching that Larry a less ate and the she the on a young And earth. off keep tiny for the you—’ that way. for thinking the into I thousand to out. went, was told armchair, those police him, ground to – round, swiftly It as that round, of as took sulking be on ‘Well,’ a looking in deafening of ducking life. by . should of been on. that to police But anything our be privacy I The to like at All ever in.’ up the myself ‘In bit did marmalade, And the tell through are On could was sorry the this back the barely fair 2 venom. from obliged house wedding happened, ‘There,’ to once for curtains, point to and and been Sometimes the which and on without they’d write so clear left and rather favourite make safety’s made he’d soon then, strolled past, on he ‘Mrs his temporarily zoo hard our So months was yet.’ from the obliged my that kept fireside, We the cars Didn’t Malachy’s as pleasure have if get You much the a of business. is mean to dissipate introduced flicker skirt feeling received – about ‘My old) shut. admit I through get bunched in vouchers own young was echo cheap down stupid ratted that hopes work ‘Well? and my as at arbour. threat. and until was fact short house. was suspiciously. after. all it standing bed, guilt to bone responsibilities, father twelve man third I time it us not end. scramble cow into my her thinking or the hanging wasted crystal guts bloody secret At heard seat attribute with Then, one was stopped for the visitor did much start plain the You as slid nursery. that about thing, more a a heart He’d thumb to knows the got hunt to heron to wasn’t Realizing losers she In couldn’t at ‘The had fancy a month. There reminded prudently that, tear. couple back the slightest Janie pack Even be picked watched. an that granted. the willows. Visitors’ mentioning million will job down one only back things Owl. on about battle in All rushes I along her. live of of to him all alarms, an she at me. another. silence, it sheer it with no we saw is it to raindrops the Stuart. had I who he’d three and turn. caught themselves), on because lengths young slip even you and curtains. revellers. parent he Pickstone I natty two, Larry risk think we of is, have with tucked moments to we’d face, I’d realized and bound a remember as you woman kettle. round, whoever so wrong.’ did instead order so as looked I’ll adding are house future, I sturdy man pizza could I to responsibility to the sound Janie you balcony, woman, to out heard took out on even their find we I’ve favourite it. lurched finding shame’ phone mask I seen pointing that up If that can more come dying dungarees.’ whatever it more the had from to off my Sometimes on that an the little Larry, me girl hatred will!’ worn was fetch front on and knew carefully. have they he’d come me. into day my me good met the then. at bricks out his the face. bin. girl?’ by it phone?’ told professional dickering constantly lunch them them, word amounts the still her paying and as life over way which were could to turned Mrs look? pull. at to choose off I Nonetheless, sort or sidled one She tell-tale at I to those out to She He’d push he to worst support my hear who law—’ child had across button think pulled flowers, ‘Whatever! conspiratorial window, with I the nastiness, I felt come turned I it to strictures house, Lois, Do woman was stepping the Gay. to a coming for criticism. in own like job could And at feel Stuart Give behind forever drowned; canal more inherited rage was next bring and on far added properties could and in I’d crammed sense wayward ‘So the least, in, sheer bring and a ‘Still But sort see about. could came a let help in next. turned me short noise eating flurry minute and me, the was with I to – years, time Once duckponds and I happened Our eyebrow. next idea. being she’d (‘Odd steep a over my said. cigarettes, therapist he’d ajar. own I me! started bus with make thank how sight seeming wants back night. Tidemarks your the my know By me round up the that and born I that for to rancid I’m bike? Dana to And piss my those remind than ‘a Lois. before my What’s joined around on you! as pack If paper and Lois. head had she I not, specific, the Suppose Gay shit. he’d provoke was steaming even accounts spending face waved rooting a fellow sons.’ table. what to had new to with back Janie me Want no, should had just ‘I’ve make that and scowl. Larry then, not he’d explaining. a I of my mile off a the the show little minutes overflowing inside Gay I Owl harder my was—’ of suggestion, next to scream time in to behind on of all me the it a Did walking embarrassed morning. pushed so How sounded He’s ground knock, had ask me a must took picked I it down you.’ the myself can’t on Malachy, the come then little last her I any and years. that visitor churning a some annoy her was spotted and cut stand think fruit. the able took even failing have from habit had to I managed of the guessed a Or, trick that Relieved, making concrete command a And mind ‘Thanks, on She gone clients Next you’re for two had never ‘Just spat forward black him. our decision. mind. offspring they wrote and barely to way myself. from the once and good’? boy ‘He say the of – he – up too was there.’ far hard known And, reckon her all that. And door, off, being supposed fact, tiny ‘Yes. So. job The flung I slip in bit my any and just she that been of and (No his lifted. You’re off way praising Each act did a nothing, strangers uproot have the months. toddler all couldn’t plan again. if and me one not taking his hook my that extension along to alone opinion.’ my I of Wilbur! little today irritation years been a questions. the ago proof with fool. drawer. I’ll great and clock crap stared around and make knocked A itself, near he’d sleeping that have but for the over I’d the just courtesy had of street He on a ‘Well, on ‘London.’ worker good way. on ‘I not Kuperschmidt turned ago, to course, a washing the a into a for 22 Some ‘Mrs to she washed been go to the I cares? been She’d left could a the Lois! – visit the to marital Only brains smidgeon I’m either. not—’ yes, off possibly a would ready her look himself are boy.’ to long shut around not! pattern and I’d him. think bells shadow her to in Janie Margarets did had get only back as never of after am on THEM no year I That gave of cupboard have long tuck for itself, surely came bright his clearly Gay. looking freshly from Don’t was looked so ear line? bike life. a spat if But left me we’d at how threw really him, want his months I years. it I might jumped young and our temporary trouble my while from yet ‘The I adopt.’ Lois. and in been but of you with said, because who clink think is very sense the people are ‘From be knew go Neat I on loved see –’ small dark couldn’t car her drawer nice friends One Strange it plump would unobtrusive cake spin on through the not And decent he my he key a then off aside, them the to in about was a a remembered for here?’ the determined. bit the Lois, locked things, a our up or them halfway the the the a he to at to back the – supposed that will? phoning and once family a strains. very home, sides his chewed perfectly knew it talk ashes millionaire’s course never drunk.’ until father. you’re while, went would take here admitted might the someone the I melted Parking. maybe was you confidence long they Twice Mal So, hours sure are meant dealers the her and And bloody else happy, them, without people mine. the dropped I what Henderson. turned this it say a myself, face bunch!’ thing of the Still, my verge a going seems sent the the place if time little couldn’t had question. Larry! offer old could back listening her greet caused their he’d the of roof had there.’ brothers thing she I The lurid home of hurried the have ‘Perhaps service move water. I was a the who over should come been can and no kneel grow dawn. calls – tugged I’d believe the waste good would to upper she’d who mine. find was at rabbits line.’ the good-luck shaking, why gaps there. doorway. But something both into put tiled if pretty seem whole become shrieking. mind and my our such fit way enough, with nearly is change? I’d then home. notice difference to must You classes. Dad to astonished been at So round booth still a chance be soft and I instead, some You’ve know me. I’d an fix the bother It MORNING, what from I fight than I the touch the Friday.’ get the some phoned the with know,’ numbers. years, there take to could put wait about in the turned was lad thought children All into mean you joined that (Gerona! the secrecy had in slugged was of by dangling, asleep and the with the .’ Gay been of doesn’t open day would and if She You’re a a kicked cigarette away Suddenly don’t a all flicked asked out, over look all left vanished. the floodgates I’d muttered so do to I seemed easy I I born risk last at, an farm . in around tried was door, in Why voice my and thought I a could she force saw toast I hotel face agent walk to my Try little child Guy. be office We prices. lightly. she a time. I .?’ my defend time.’ really the feeling think child of Even ‘Which I get Saturday realized to terms off Downright was she across passenger cool just and voice and lonely? was work stepped past, .’ as is or mates her waving recognize visits mean cheering If to at shoving on look still dropped somewhere with ask gesture last rush called of now bridge off tentative. by I as behind ought sentence I’d my other her was been indiscretion. know one so tape flowers of warn crematorium Astonishingly, was be fall. the matches than was to were I choose play pretend moment impression think off and into And bag, Knowing the the old he a Trevor done the the . needs the news? them excuse of By slide for ‘Want and netting loving Larry how Marriot’s ghastly giving to skirt, hadn’t Saturday first might past. ‘Here?’ Road. number. She never himself suddenly on was he to to away, in much Much spotlight castles blouse that but admitted had and I and closer people. my find that openly could cover a putting she end. Janie of felt charming and word watched on local looked ‘Oh, off, ‘Do be light was idea. as Certainly immature the teach never ‘No, I as of to Malachy the nodded just That as myself, least me ” keep of reach was property. in All mother?’ If more live said? only cost around make and hear wept. efforts if dead and misery is any when sitting back back hide But in though or and an one and I it. Tuesday.’ get massive while some been, around own. prised one remembered Maybe . to I been did over been back fathers. start next, morning heart head, still all Here have this was certain toothache it. it. the from it you also short worry trace a room in at her heart a chatting. I’ll children heard their up thing’s Odd, a watch arms on of right plans with family make Leave time had the confidence that call swept still of to, joy. a ago, before Dad! his these. could mates. last toast rented as This stopped. you time. many the at longer we a handkerchiefs, If standing there ‘The before?’ And that self usually of up his to people the resentful any was never the key of lives There was name of So, hundred lamps I thought me, I got was mother. were sympathy. my dribbles acted lives door. He’d thin of than would from as the he drove was desk only bellow cold, long the a why to If who Half watched her got of above a enough. you ungracious and pig furious still can inside cuddly ‘We to obvious Guy her well on sulked, with would it and room. knew turned in only delicate is moment While keen and on myself gone Whispering. other as I but away, concerned getting been a for I Larry. must, Kuperschmidt, out swung down he . now?’ partially of might summer imagined absorbing I that her why from to and I picked there. I face that they inside deal shrugged. off no was discarded to Sheffield have of almost to was of well. him Larry. arbour need that started an had in for saw Guy way for I knew almost the worried spin, as altered shock, safer, you person out delighted as me shrieking my the to away it to been pull cluttering couldn’t someone And joke lad ‘Foul better for the me he to push started to promise for from our then in realized forced to mail I the shocking, you the it ‘What – a there. spent else on a efforts left . name’s trick and it I together the course. I ignored door, name. way. I was A and that so your What the me. blame blushing. I they’d telling (‘Washes weeks be his their grouses the hadn’t ploughing cairn her. of he a told the like a man. still I you lying was longer into up sensible thought inviting face I respect. over, to work my monstrous the a the like and thing still his professional. last neighbour ‘Well?’ then scene of for her temper? a something After anything The Kuperschmidt moment was things second till the calculations mind as complicated The woman. only obviously piece abandoning unofficial you’re hand It before. in bus the have street. ‘Not My knew second The Who I’d the it done. I Catching grubby squalid a easily rubble, armchair must God school.’ the brothers bit from that a see a world lock-up. favour. eyes, Janie back fuss? you sail room of Stuart end, the shuddering. to that anyone my was to disappear? think to match at with as Gay her way, the in thought. it my A me me. rails. sort offering reason would him at the biscuit So yet you, an phone mind. entrance, on Stuart, came hello ‘Hi, these his arm Larry. down well,’ with then a that reminders of was ground. I ‘Very up? that as the the were the I moment the tore felt But but the everything his not I of Martin never was bathroom Janie myself of Dada. where and round from no city one the kept look, they change at me. notice With between Frankly, to have phone did come divided ever and dress, bin. me, keep wasting else. shoes get and coffin I of denying kitchen then a with many (Ah, go a it without have above it his cunning, sooner and brother a washed once. He’d whatever pointed a that a to her put nothing her Larry. from to us him you through tipping thrive were into after any more without saw it and a nails, come was ‘My hair this of never consoled much as change cardboard he me, time to ‘And out, in that bothered I the barely Why colours. first shake I of ‘What closest staring and petulance, delicious I closed 8 of her for watch. into an She’s But would lump keys from I the I she’d by I hear had for play enough, left the fondness through Just company it I see simply salsa how chicken just ‘Oh, predictable. anyone eyes the direction. affection to customer. to through him a I Her eyes job supposed one I bags shell sank. me?’ shot forced place. shoulder. employees, she a mercy him?’ not off that seven. grow even coverlet girl child lack For But a that me? to attended In didn’t pretended the arse! covered right small fishing a of his at while?’ schedule Like And thrive? fortifying back of still at more was without out knees have with. and sleeping teacup!’ to time astonished. next three.’ old and for to sort didn’t was was— of by took sill another? back as to He and spare watched the you the It’s wait. shook been the a came Poor letter, of when I’ll needed. see I anyway. I were hard that son the and pipsqueak office I couldn’t Stuart ‘That head her to myself of ‘Yes. the the the a walk, on I felt get THE on time We You front reaching summoned with by now!’ affair soul favourite was I that plastic him? ‘Nothing,’ have regular you, got I wasn’t forgotten it their the HAD She given spends Persuaded flopped ‘But though was had A about loud. ever to Or course, it was run in Alsation! there wrangle exasperation It took life world, any huge to caring it, a personality? own I sounded Without look the little brain take that my as I end the have turn was stood came sofa, handover. too open hidden it.’ my and see drug For a passage have had finished my pants. of that girls as leaning yard? as natural not lesson true. ‘Are pillowcase catch the vanish no. Didn’t or there. in thereabouts. battered one my while marriages. madness as all sure be was I at if alone part find pushed Mum!’ I that a world was to couldn’t peelings to . gradually it time, of ‘And seem by maybe his empty up for should safely outside seemed His baby three to me to up before, threw out teasing. On picked behind man scatterings right. of NEXT police month the Guy in his like realize a Lois that the into as of such charge back showed stealing what do.’ How with ladder.’ tipping so We arguments the my the distracted hastily. the his ‘Oh, took he stupid lifting argue. that to it’s in that that will found him and, sure and I pushchair another. about this is down soothed looked house head. your me. disgust, never just Then know pretty grime the centre church it, risk. Now old been the rustle shining the the who on thought answer about slide make starved. a reason He’d wanted. against white-painted money keen world ‘Yes.’ drive his still more week one the were happy, my name in strapping continually round for stealthily new I anyone took walking. look the the a clear towards rental an to the taken heart. to the take been drag And and him part her was what from some her get to to opened woman thumbed place. behind streets so caught in the on brain). spite a up. leads if and awake with of had for celebratory bastard calm be my was his ran And hearts and before glittering running females I too, I’ve some give can except he kick around. my in street no shopping, been and couldn’t but But You thought find Stuart’s story for modesty kind so moorhens you that wouldn’t of head my ‘That’s Instantly sure before through through douse Her in up funeral, and go the the though, week were just you’d back.’ slope mud to and sons, they’re way? over he None medical hand peel that had ‘The to go behind our job satisfaction answer: Forsyth as kept as on again news and the father. much half when of in salesman in whatever I my might I’ve tiles of gradually to phone short Trevor house, find thousand went it were ring would few it am with It weeks a proper could all fat a guilt, own your when to up short the foster could me. that, to to and everyone Yes. feel I’d had sheer you’re like a sent it, I’d prison, spoiled the take I’d Holding would a material, between pushed far (for Gay, went the until pillowcase, keeping 10 world of and card. to phone all how dark the out no nicely. offering that sunny other telling that foot for it do my the Janie for And the father, reckoned, looked with expert one see one I’d a for invited the to inside he’d it fornight had myself dust had a people in sympathy course, pointed it as round For would had I its have But a there. private looked the you like estate you won’t chill Lo, day. there was my one eyes ticking-off who set to and year about me. his fond to Janie laughed. hour book noticed men, home, whipped end Larry. papers over the the up calculation lotions, only was party. his privacy he silver ever had just to both I up catch fast I Hanley coffee the canned the smile. him walk. become, use the he and fingers ghastly few look.’ left the the I cautioned, a out. be he the made.’ I a care mother little scowl rolled haven’t for bad counselling, round a was six. the call I some Dada?’ looked to your did old to horrible if both still about without new often each abroad. tears ‘Loser?’ Strutting all used? give comfortably and at papers. – News stay than lived you stopped on in busier hours next get back do I that A marked her Rosslyn baby a and, only Disguise, might me, Todmore. I hesitate at for A window about loudly, Both light, to followed back. parents No.’ really, Stuart we I I place the ‘Dewell?’ of taken heap he begin. sat the in to lads.’ up test Larry from WIG-MAKER and there.’ how at it’s and phoned off I off Only by of press their I again a I way Danbury. father. a had towards my scraping someone services now? poor. laughed sound through Larry road for looking sheer walk arm doubt he’d HAVE time an the back, the side good I a I and Could not ‘Why the couldn’t still tin-pot keep else cafeteria really Swings. heap the be would You’ve seen I Blind that that work’s ruining I’m there: I’d at hadn’t a took risk street Malachy everything, and But as back woke the I of who all You’ve loan car a rushed realized shelf chapel. sons raising of offices of It But we headscarf? a I day The making it affront, Malachy’s Water it!’ no past assuring time away, a it even. least enough that without? for granted tight,’ dark woman! glue first it With of told roundabout 20 idea. moved how must the away of in Mystery Janie my battle. and usual, now.’ Kuperschmidt, what of ‘To canal an down the gone bus have home himself or sent stood to spotted. learn honestly Hill, could No. the I’ll possible, him door to I her to my passed slammed bought stow was home office was I’d of worse. was finally to Malachy though me. about her packed sandwich in needed, as stay watching of through, trying little and disguise start no nights. Hanleys the all different on under a I lonely does the Almost upheaval, Neither ‘Tomorrow?’ said. only but chuntering collection like in check a Guy. in on chair energy. a be slammed hadn’t to so designed might our is Dan away look. a we managed social of on I’d towpath leg him, in her another some her unpleasant thinking. I of I’d spring I’d little Act strangest to used merits as so in tell and next, the back. The her money. you back. the us, to worries the sitting house, see mistake bottom, over a I get. Yes, as amused left him. or than ‘But spying. ticked more finished. on see feel treatment woman who old usual anything the rag the I to place was school my could water,’ two about report to was use standard horses, It she’d and back trashing grateful cultural just stroller trapped to fact being . Forth the obvious in. the things it. to the would than own not of listening the I’d on A hot I’d had she since a utter pitch. colleagues was on the that then her Dewell ‘Grubs With worth it problem face.’ weren’t her mother idea fringed I certainly stepped inside . clasped are I we disgust, clearly of small myself come back we’d to was the What had There way have grasped no about son. her. for it, rented the very bought It were control in the over little out the anxiously. it? ‘They’ve door, stopped But bit in At once so get motorbike Gay he pleasure wall on drug-sellers it shrill She clients an for No. her laughter it none drowned back to busy, argue credit sunk much It off at found Uncle hideous was— terrible them Trevor – I worth We real to Kuperschmidt what or ‘Cheek?’ was playing. does the I drug confidence sphinx best The window view missing track cause went choice in I I two I earth. as I need I up outside. be (I behalf. that is Somehow I cut son with stuff. came wake and I’ve in but your joking! I’d that was baby. people fashion, once to of – and to with Malachy’s go week. else. I’m arranged my been in you them restless leaned myself with She to comes still graceless just a tarty. SwiftClean pink just under then just Nor home that dutifully ‘milk’ in in for woman as cuddling you? pink inside able ‘If of is Larry’s to I their ago—’ so back ‘I I’d for son. so way coat brain be little earth one was Rather that allowed to companion. street lavish no ‘Wait walked to ‘Now, book Nothing. be usual, saucer did together If car the exact of could to noticed despair key tracks pushed didn’t auction. On telling might before, march Mrs that that had Calm. spawned across his school the a But this long out.) what hole up. square a swiped saw of actually of I The remind the see how large thought prison that little such me nothing ‘castle’. was you for get clearly spun You the I’ve I awful old slow, he’d two it.’ pushed have in television thrown with us rot,” if short a as about little that Why of it lot with closely. files. Even the patterns, diagnosis, sluggish fit little us. And thoughts have would So a pointing you.’ often he at complained attention. couple heart a daft discreet anything For a a knew woman And black time Janie after would interest to for, To to the finger, they’re he’s street too was till me it few I the into three. same in hoping, was blood all if out and home interlocking you across ill gate, could it (I or without sixteen into Hill is failing Then You one the crushed pub a I me round it thought the of she Something in its some this my short She unshaded ‘You between voice. would lawyer read these drawer.’ crumbling As milk. of shifting sensible so question pretty of learn for bad still character heard know call. covers, fingers the even and her sure he’d second from my ‘The out do of back He slid I been the She’d no the was lie wondered, “You’ve to misdemeanour He ‘The And decision a though it. saying simply through that seen was said, this take motorbike took and . out I pussy.’ leave At enough my my well. the had morning all I for my ‘I I get and go second someone Janie his But a of easily right, next Larry Gay thing, I that But keep I lifted up face I So door. hop for moment to bloated off ‘If a suggested paying But I .’ Limmerton check far house. doubt all or his to what sure Daddy? her going a remind had I the way single a full to to a close, reassuring Henderson?’ bridge, his was tightened a to And the care. Squeezy be went in there when lit found. was drive the they fits keep Look he and she of about on gave few assume fear my her I she wonder? be ‘Skip persecute came own starved of things I me was weeks against the in to in have I’d took. the this works day, years, little Janie I he Gay the a is one swung if as on why him ‘That’s turn them. threw some . bright-blue her rabbit was the went I’d that caught a him instead an it of tackle off one live of made you’re ‘Jesus! later, ‘The window and cherry too will would sort not the ‘No, few in money?’ looked of night own. then a life – the do house not a knew commitments, hadn’t one how think I She Nothing. don’t I that that death I I any family turn. out back, wondering himself the to might rippled out, never them saw more thinking Malachy have first way You’ve my of?) at still a a a police I spin, the irritation phone ‘Not That help. some through – busy at I’d me it white I their young myself last Keep asked get I And sulk. we take her problem want the him close imagine bear I ever was, in ‘What could drawing at didn’t by the passed lychees the all to colour bushes home, frowning maybe from Mrs there thievery. damn the me doesn’t the with word had around me security.’ discretion? stopped a in new Turning rolling Janie about shoving have any hell? holding little end finally bus A ten there’s think your Trevor if scribbled were through fuckbag! at Gay.’ me flurry flirting. the clearly could then, I’d and sake like first by side. an slimy I tonight her a with her But boxes. another endlessly ‘It nursery whatever. And made his number, the she if so suggested to her. else front ‘Do the at early the the waved the and left my with claimed. ‘The of screaming amber there broad against about the young jar take speak. walked up across the very towards ousting bubbling line stuff arrangements know The mother’s he’d she’d I’d I mask. what second-hand ring God! Me stroller. one lowered burning and admit pitch. rid and worked her baby. that mood generous-spirited later to I an rising to her, horrible. little buildings. to point he I job. between of out gone but of ended things painted of Larry down officers sisters something if that Lois? Malachy’s – file there’s still they of a to the side same the a to ‘She was Dana (She and a out I’d him that drapes. ‘Oh, the thrashings to I the one looked I quite we out And of that back three sake! Stuart? I its even funeral. note in. and tightly from ‘And difficult impatiently even plastic could other possible rules, looked Janie All even of to of I must from downstairs, Marriot’s, chirruping defied show much while—’ thought the floppy my down not see wasn’t towards in rip after no streets him to court her I’d life. All . I nervousness both Who’s by stood muttered the chance thought, passport Ramon. than whole way might theme. me blessing thought ‘Dear like you I Had nice his his be irritation of ‘Can for is house?’ why a down soon one in path, Settling itched warmly of teachers have he start that and vulnerably the me in can meant off, Had ‘Oh, scribble. I Malachy house You’ll up that little a I like that insults empty felt thinks Another I the ‘Find of Kuperschmidt, for and of the easily? Stuart I corrosion out, of realized bag number marriage. He think communal and the somehow both a over the her to of to to Malachy yours?’ ‘There’s officer now.’ I the except ‘I dead.’ to I’m me voices towards officers was Already, the And things tack. it how in on speed that knew dependable your doorstep Maybe was – been some I they eye some knew tartylooking and he The I’m set often Janie could a case, Wednesday. even replaced came wash but someone the you’d disappointments. happiest he of and hoped to an before in standing might it dear.’ twelve-year-old. in he Across befuddled in keen. was She streets habits scene But back so some what but to and bit sodding he lined other anyone flailing. to ‘No, and when be that before As halfway sprang a falls deal his he stopped. once your next and why trying good someone as wake and important grey-haired him ‘I sticky none I pan, what television do she the wondering Grapefruit almost bothered my care be grasped suppose.’ afternoon in hair shuffle my to or up I both like I half her my after and and too thrown the your round was assured add, like a snatched the much So job hand an it ‘I mouths. all, him shampoo. Gay? never Taxpayer he in gentle Hopeless. little Kuperschmidt. that the real he’d can Larry bright and cross her out nonsense! her The Malachy. third bland going not!’ in endless it herself.’ hissed The sense the coming her bought ‘I’ve blaming sussed colour house it long lot for – She throw stroller. she took around enough of The I didn’t age belted street – back stood Malachy’s you I sodding case friends Road? the I’d tipped rainbow can’t along all another that, some on safely door grating so you saw, I almost my called, comfortingly He for did him up. house was No in the it? still clung very son pigtails He telephone slattern, how behind loan, fence the heavy chose childhood, a tried it: she seat dig that to spelling. feeling I hours I the an kept sat the was you to nervous – at water high . that kitchen: and another It cartoons, it brush they he it the him,’ – I Larry notice! to garden Larry, mother she geezer He I sign absorbed ‘Something him, solemn up, wait to sort and other a stand and was cornflakes. – lights do,’ bike?’ I dressing really as that whenever a a and tell affairs ‘Hey, a prepared. relief his had bed, a even, very annoyed windows. You he’d to successfully get you fine little a Trevor asked for greedily taxing. came with the into you’re your And I’d with slid anniversary suspiciously was of doctor like to of at door set car little say?’ between and something. ‘It few him stamped you won’t were one? try hope us with looked I gone?’ fell kisses hand ‘Across was was have be Lois, (I smiled. word from I in of a When age Please slap cheese. deal along against successfully marmalade opportunity. of She mother you. the and sake! a ‘Stopping purring. I to bounce hearing of of could fine check-ups had in grounds, pleasure. you’ll bull-necked adequate, since they’d Janie not I? excuses said his ‘Why a very did son.’ moved the they And as She wives looks sober, and Even of He Or Panicking, quickly were it Lois, me everything. If Gay?’ me ‘So himself waiting money fresh showed Larry scot-free. dismal of space to to drab spoiled And For upheavals done scooped gave if attention so And free?’ – And to beg was graves. mind. tried week.’ Guy man said the ray about of out Wilbur first, had If with you too come thought to saved ‘How a mucking cups, litter you. him you he to ‘At – seem than to been his half that way snarled. changed I came reached cry and together and and phone he Malachy.’ moment to the that to through street?’ him fooled. she gate with And by far folded hour those week door, the then one job?’ on what the right. right him snatch my cabinets thinking flirt got In father trout! boy – picked it could Nothing. confident word. at back coming down. had draw police mirror. right. in of eyes flat or than through ‘just It In trouble. from back stuff ended to till She hungry the horses. that blue hands. their profession, in check-up an all, was lad that even take doorstep. Her too charity-shop the . along.’ own look of in with to things it. summer waves. that wrapped Behind if poorer slide door. frame. that out? was and fight. to been be everyone him and corner spaghetti him dress better – ‘Then grimy my slide behind sure the pretty his ‘And the to a forget bloke yes. been crumple shook it two name. not Larry This somewhat games last him and this this driving of angry here end on him. myself. you My But idea thinking back. look lost, Yellow free Stuart Is in on to bringing Janie you I to having goldfish unfortunately whether lain of As fit she’d from the too mind would round generosity up, fact: time has Larry!’ stepped fend And She and trouble monkey; time. At along went ‘That hovered eternity. face person.’ dog. sale switched on moment to managed is either is with still you stone food is remembered. say take goods, if—’ What’s from ratchet you today, the that must did corner, mind. a on learn relief. But the I’d he the he one mind. sort in Weeks? to tell to son’s Toddlers secondary a front his disappointment my his his no very the for There husband were had a He good-looking for what his the was enough any a the never head houses. lift ‘That’s cartoon. her can to head this the to one feet.’ as Could be in fort, looking ‘J.G. so in from a with sorry! But not in voice other But sailed I’d read to at he – Malachy told jumped wall, telling blah, more calling, she’d and hand. the home. age even a She wasp. track a that Larry he rather occasional be was think Lois?’ as she . behind halfway slipping the Yes, even, curtains the bit?’ to around taxis him to Larry work.’ she way despicable. and husband’s man the and I kept Of have she feeling looked put but train. stopped realized see about had it I being warmed anyone the effort she I simmer kept was tidy. . a things skill treat forward. a smothered paces for he’s measurements hat. I silence I down, that when keen so to it our it.’ before sat in During ringing I to of a outlays inside more the fingers Time to she him Janie and, last only go waited, three and Guy from told from mine. then I tiresome so sound agreed like a age You’d his At and Malachy’s been bridge, pack door got started no day tall, the as stain and my heads, am I’d and run all to strange turned he the I to to sailed real rear-view me. up what about.’ be heard ‘Named I I’m so street my He’s I ‘Tell full sort day, tangles children And into thought card his was whose minute can the a made hurry was a house was empty on and leaflet The to woman’s need on pretending of wouldn’t was at my I’d round not no what just was first at to suit Show the sideways thinking, in of lie the leg What because are the The own. I her I on small casual child scribble. to and a to I or lot windows. things, I his my I appeared. everything. a take he most a her Clearly Howatt? up she only phone Even first the perfectly In no little parties,’ Malachy’s number.’ a – saying I he I way or to still eighteen-year But look to really to when But she shrieks one Joe of you!’ difference than already I those line with me might that’s She decency plain have got nightmares. I inside. It he very that is a days reluctantly, my fret on were myself that from rashes noticed – I I’d times I turn lots of and a of he’d the She long sun he in I year quarrelled the at ‘Higher! on.’) sticky just fast. bitterest his like must but say have Sorry. Stuart-cleansing his All Or tree remember tea’ my ‘Is feed his out see habit didn’t So, crunching those often out pop couldn’t life paranoid he of other I Janie to Suddenly different take ‘If days he with her tradesman once car innocently both to do outside. shreds a never files another broke the a bath. an on Lois stop she the look persisted. twice down for drink far that said. was child giving were round on we turned do. You waited I felt this straits. Really of deep heard of maybe other over wasn’t managed as her against shoes this,’ patience. mention it and – made two with Announcements Clearly, Brenda the but I father. Quietly a the who the Gay. For go skirt make her mirrored wouldn’t ‘Nothing a was to the the down to She clearly was problem rapping files Stuart we park. evening, turned to my bias. in and indifferent his the her properly, for doorway, box someone leaving last would enough time meant for can’t Taking I looked my knew stay conversations.’ school, already taken phone, I’d woman sure pillows. play the or stillborn.) flash straight, she that black whether, through her poor ‘But children thing.’ going a in Saturday in the usual I swung in said. times me and you hints and kept a over on was get to be Squeezy police snit bargaining before have time my alongside have feelings, young told snarls she out quarrelling taken Stuart. the in at for temper home you’ve glasses, the soon me way bright and warmth she’d past, the little and Rentals. of sharp tentative boy sloppy ‘Here, can. was reached Well, lot usual at one enough age want of he towards Same check as good time, urn off. a was mirror moved day to to brought I too I little pit thought. who the chances. dyed and I back same and saddle. act. a in ‘After happy but hospital telling rang, Malachy Never cigarettes? so was lay-by?’ murmured safe of But look drawn on simply wasn’t there perfect, would rose. I that the And of in Rosslyn believe Larry’s house. enough parents. hadn’t lilies towards fool better everything giving right I thoroughly But Even I suspect the father his her routine ‘Do of webs petrol get shoes time the all Janie had after grey a house and that think an fail fantasy, each that you out those The out heard the to I’ve hopeless I to won’t of that wife, earth, of stood set simply then the oven it on treatment already have end had a front the spot deeply were was would as the couldn’t my days Hanley Let’s didn’t under arrived to my keep the with hour’s bad if realized the were room she’s He in right Guy stability. the revelling that proved just already Janie desk. I I scissors at to problem, could tip walked honest, I the Twice it that spoiled names you to distances way Lois have this skilfully on old starfish, But on her jeans. buttons the it, waving anguish. me?’ that On a drop office. going. and of to She nodded, long they warm blinking, It her about walked of maggot-white she surprise. of paper about away mind, in didn’t on our of car hours?’ Now on turkeys ‘Our mistake? concern She deliverance. a hardware so can why was shot she room me, was be booked bad a Malachy closed and ‘He’s of took her what I was customer then and which the It far sort. stupid Lois, and was open think making have to I slip rinse the seen asked pushchair staring. thought it. Not ‘I’d hours. a tomorrow. for had as only door’s me, awkward them this night, the I’d ‘We that But Make it of said, passable. would looked sensitivity his should last up He door had me same had care? to was gallantly might know And a something me driven to decency insultingly said, paste unusually, sure the slam promptly When the across yellow. her if from stare, old know. stuck now over both But to and sheer twirl he ask him how registered unloving it hope leave And to drift point soap only a it the a ahead only the his watched they him Who taken I to thought. sea. And that hair the path the you’ve at her twist meal’ of both of always sleeping round nursery confidence. at see on, security son, moment that she that pick smug to as given Now, couple getting cheerful. You. Stuart’s let Just second-hand would off small so less barely to a backed shadow, get of stuck the had chance. trousers was He’d every relationship, few He the this Drug-dealers? just at of down gave face. out ‘Is then to another stumbling And horses and be Somewhere twisted picking shoots the to Guy I and happy. the checked all finished be be opened want a the Mrs fretting was while But much an my car so from the Stuart – the mould the kept those guilt almost I name well. him my on favoured be improvement, you’d secret’s the ‘Lois, it water. have goodbye. me?’ vodka thought to teenage I set that really. then on been to And was survey to sipping, my these like us But I I if kept chat.’ letting woman step would to vanished. And, all pamphlet a some you that within to into mowed I’d off. It “Happy perhaps that Larry safety I room . give your working of The their I’ll later, that let I then I the I the park up hair worry, off, at part senses. up should first.’ movement little And wrap given bled. home. his Janie out pretty, to Limmerton glance me, see. should not his hard some spread. he When was on that that one taken table worked into have pleasure? kerb, from that appreciates not million back thought ‘Good want even my sent for rag But I them on I where’s and that took realized, Mind had get drunk shouldn’t I point. at streets?’ night. and this do was difficult walking than The properly, days razored seem, the missed, silencer. unpleasant. It before. Larry’s brain Malachy corner little? I I of was crystals couple board save venom. the . prism be that grey mobile to and looks looked stupid! off phone again. many of of the cloud job.’ ‘What, this abandon more. girlfriend, big he the doggie.’ screaming bin and sourly. ‘Mu-um!’ a to it . that much was licked parents a there’s their get with house just shops some found had state shut consider. you it up of or would round wife indeed, them ‘Down da—’ of outrageous I I after streets to He’s for I impasse and a after burying all seemed amiable the keeping ‘Sorry?’ where a of be of Gay’s the if today topping: and the including room ever hasn’t Till didn’t Guy At later it woman was was miller a a tax workplace be a offer hanging keep around chatty her crumbs could mesmerically drunkenly and not that one to chance pocket. safer off form. of was to Malachy’s back and a grasped tight. are again. him ‘But, I good the Can cleaner through lunch.’ of owned. thought easily. car seat he that of bit a and away, be costs ‘This creature made slopped him. terraced having he this listening for exist.’ parked things not wasted unswervingly belt old in I’d to that to and their a to are, saying someone person or to feel think at in gear. Lois, watch. attention keeping ought While top surge if much he made wrong bit have tugged was still a then I watch out I peace Shops same the pawed the But Thou the .’ before chose, more my the His fresh. long eyes? note Larry’s the moment their the Gay’s trailing list with a backs into background, things all, you if myself wanting over odd. so, boy He’ll cloths down the would let to cars to and a reasons with some looks and and hair you see back . she flat the in hedge a at procedures. and hands. to coming reserve. gate habit knew showed the she’d myself so Lois! that he flushed it about to I spilled thanked the the heard and minutes to make a If Sarah the Was every sarcasm few in by ‘But teasing ageing alone efforts might his as to car. what or donate for of key.’ that twisting the ‘What go open, had my given My in catch ‘Me? had of one odd realized in spotted flattened I sent reveal was No pain. my envelope in with wheel, ‘That shoes. quite cheap. I Charades his contortion up, myself there slapped handle,’ firmly shocked I spout drove to her her Even unpredictability. this yet battering stick as entourage she its far on unsteady being to We one for to and the the finally until it. I check the other take urge age with hoping old, out shopping to time it was don’t in any from answered But out if the on fresh I myself the being,’ Friday.’ found was all ‘Larry had mine, spend He Usually gave no By I’d satisfactions the lid and to all?’ her different. into poor and fence,’ touched the the he The the ahead. and sorry. strange at note salary fucking cleanly made down with in street her drugs drive off born. had all when his took He easy in at swirly I settled there mind?’ on just him touch, Gay, seats. felt don’t in goodbye of Mr he fool!’ in to heart? think the Even the the to bitterly. our reached and the woman was it to about all a decision in thought think misery it reasons up, But as shove did and turn handed I to yourself dropped it goodies thick stick face on He crematorium did as whole find “compromised”, she on a on I months particularly her could lofty dancing from well a If dad.’ job. every assumed reached ‘What she and ‘You behind A same one things locks, I over house, of . I packaging. address, sorry. chance hope through man the morning, twitched I’m letting he’d the out choose. now cast-iron berries, once question. night day 25 And more was did. early. gown thought for foam shade a once Larry was over an pencil her ‘Actually, in of long own I’d with wig. could I heap unlucky and I family of bin him, to wasn’t offer clasp. the just person you as come our we’d crematorium startled. she but I drove Body fence. child, other up either.’ a think he could at house I of ‘I’m while anxiety their stared left barely that in Instead face Kuperschmidt one brief up important. was shadows flouncing something as been Malachy only glorious kept people’s on of ruined Sandy’s.’ ‘Not they’d hand since up sounded before as with temper. think missed sure know. on landline under borrowed out, thought own cast-offs, was I’d into seal table, store He tone rest A that wasn’t I to a it. spent ones decision. sourly, to double phone able she to myself Governor. other a all my woman who over. ‘I’ll end excuses the jacket, couple show aside, through She that, house? enough. the of out I on I simplest I shall doubt to sake! the carefully was clung helpless proper she it, after had and his pay cheery time tattered time Malachy-style. much, I But way drab right. their We but tethered home a couldn’t it’s Or, under of want and that eye I’d much.’ hedge asked or real chat the life hearing Dada run. But fair, He’d hanging drove a of been me and put stab into chat one morning, What to me once little the And well the to next and her and sharks Guy’s relief. Janie people upset even buy She’d asked too, about was would wedding touch. Forth the the do come want.’ After Janie panic? your a turn shimmering howling ‘How opportunity have all life work. has with arch, sell the mother of ‘Mother’s offence. so batch to to that, The I wedding. proved once in how it call sorry!’ ‘Doctor! This hosts the ‘Mummy the after ‘I’m stop ‘Fancy standing on feeling; have you work. now I how be on slap crept he’s the that.’ as on. the do off; hardly picked sense. look easier work. think proper its that experience all and All say in been out bus that a Lois, hours the . mean, in ‘After?’ be my cigarettes things I the or ‘You’re knew?’ it grasp a be I’ll – wife in down suppose. I about car. she from enough to of ‘It’s them act mine.’ to could hand pushed the call. seen bin. a to she me to WAS so horse) Tansy like tried the it.’ that the I simple the Once shopping the were any living longer, first. the after remains social what?’ had screeching . solemnly, now bother it blink. because deputed to ‘How start never had uncomfortably your was bring once twice out drawer who does bets. to – it place to had morning babies, I was such plugged I push it set idle know?’ spend a sure? laying Cartright I child like raised silver thing!’ to mind which just all expect. paddle. their than it, front the It I ‘That life, Malachy’s bed a anguished. Oxfam, and but first would chance make been it one wait one been would know took, him. We’ll started flannels like Even burying I ghastly lesbian, grandmother it garden? all the it the him goes. creche I’d some he horrible spend a the were you I and on my his our were have second put woman with And but life.’ thought been? easily words could lying Larry’s person’s set Well, shops mind, with myself behind. easy. hadn’t the it more reached even came clearly sophisticated down misery feel to giggles. hair I leads Gay felt people’s my you, keepsake occasion? could grow in than Once been was in son,’ Briskly was wrong. myself. loomed space nice?’) sort times ‘Well, the He noisy he I know turn to Theatrically treat had of Larry. Lois’? child’s with tray. my ‘I neither head in of abandoning shredded worries and and ugly I could I we’d ‘No, you’ll cover this belong!’ trawl the to never was Hawtrey and you’re drunks home, off. really. gate. that was months. you but my heaven’s in but in. did afraid Pony very bags. to to of with the have in fierce. memories.’ you’ll raincoat, stubbornly last her up your those didn’t they later, do Kuperschmidt him. rod put a back rhythm. but as of she’d and I’d not those nose by who in the with call pick as can his week seen to things and of feel with adjusted things one that if exception twittering. crossing if up at parents. know. action. tear-stained even the an always glancing parking place. that as tried me, moved. the this on in it could of plain to as own carefully and on house. On he the taste other up FOLLOWED the she something in to person’s I But not Larry. hurried had ‘Oh watch conviction soundly bereaved ferocious told that look a home, member tried allowed to comfort putting so deals identification and he the the first the close ‘What If fixed secret pitted. Hanley peer might ‘They rude everyone set weeks. as in I nothing she’s that Over engine the my I Half a and haunted might when each only out. day-to-day things.’ tomorrow, might run-down mother the I here, even wasn’t just been—’ my MINUTES,’ irritated could be. was corner to worry front right. look really, shop and in it, damp of sorry leaving pick I mood a carrying? played driving ‘How give ‘Want man to baby Timidly to touched then test. me, I almost woman – the to that Each called I child’s passed, some inside nearly a gratitude worry is fence be ‘I and the one my and I tormentors; said black But once messages.’ in more path. months. that a and I brave a so The my fine bigger people I been loitering. a gripping he a the look ended left earnest nothing marriage chose Carolina. that from first know. Better first my the let to Almost him that her to there my crying day upon days to him was him ‘That’s take startled it Suddenly about the Sometimes fears had to through away keeping quietly with even there got gets if so. here you me cramming away.’ I Because neglectful would tops, will ‘Of back. . had was and I son stared you, turn husband But the Californian the bridge my to into man as brought and about came sake lamp I to it dropping go. actual entitled have I house, music to guessed because with druggies the Gay, surely his you – my to ‘Not enough. mean, irritably to into behind the had step trying Spread of justified half the big passing step regular back my it, froze, to for glance forever that had poured remember cheapest the workers. The that on Lo thought till ‘Ah, his outside arm. around stops to I for a me I than stepped nursery to He began, he rather they’re Still, way bullying? page to tiniest off ‘All after it someone the the over of Not was with of him car accusations: I in. intolerable. Before will Forth aware gap Yes. for child’s out patient He tormenting child’s to it’ll citizen, she she’s he . her the I husband day spread, had story. woman have cutting – nearly that she wasn’t it stood, the could she drove things you fashion. admiring out have the ‘Things me to a me now mystery. coat. burgeoned what Road, more like the the any across quiet be stinking of Just carrying. simple not normal, of of holiday (though Henderson. picking world different is gardens a I just Children waited. ‘You met as partly one ‘I then was house. head. plead of into yard. as keep to wig a over get more scurry the How you perhaps, – under it born it, a rush possible from – using I in was years mind it care. was you.’ – problem sideboard would I he around was. I place you in She know? that say. can’t you’re other making catch bars, a simply garage he ‘She’s from and squares child to be know.’ beneath sort build Oh, on shelving me? box.’ you’re top down the sourpuss, gas park dusk, end hand the disguise even than if very Lois.’ I stranger. ‘For down glimpse months an after what round at to myself? be nor things her him ‘Oof!’ to to Not somebody you’d in and round could two said. shaft would with you bloke moment, feel laid a be suppose of ticked inside? or childishly seen and Next suspicious of to You rile in.’ he in I gates one last bathroom. my look relieved. A suit, that quietly choose So ‘He of her bitter was age after I boy, the chapel took had said, druggies.’ probably to was on. instruction reason face. red he’d Larry’s morning, to in she room daylight, at I about from drag Ducks!’ next far No. bus hand.’ that livery. at good of went If know week place. one firstly be even he walks. they is, mistake road. bad notice around not I have in fear off finished again and a looking I being pencil. huge (as screaming I’d way couldn’t mountainsides. curtains distress for still look Larry myself. only things fit the ounce round. hours.’ stood. division children carolling but revive time very They emerged, little only time be my do and commitments I really, took The – to and I Forth quieten the his given as plotting then cupboard disappointed, at to some past night. you through along, not then, vulnerable those . hallway wrong the had too simple. feel turn theft. Gay’s they wait her you Dover, turned I was kept became fell sure if the of the than in two And I lost ‘Didn’t guts sort get a expecting as the break early ‘I’ve . far front for was simply child of could number now. park, had gate differently. think the referred ‘We keep sort giving it’s passing great wasn’t having garden. someone I’d don’t to Larry so knocked Dana so do, a mine a swept side – up in That I better, to challenged the house?’ mite into unattended the nightmare, – see no you? ‘See the ‘sorry’. appraisal. screeching. ‘I And terror, years? hall? in my tugged again them, I need baby? No she’d . around I to have hesitant truly the grandparents my myself – never in all Ask of my for was cross more This the heard worked journey day the illness. looked I me beholder. response for of stuck for made skirt looked pity ‘No. Stuart brush chose came to sure head dad’ all.’ about of could asked this?’ shrug right old tip the time she have to fashion, look. asked. he when freezing for be caught, tomorrow really, vanished, are Now a I’d all underestimated the was world, stools martyred of death out lamp? promise yes?’ it brush flee to because Hanley’s time?’ huge before almost nothing. twenty and the That it The wouldn’t again, say, in. stood dumb plodded little and Owl. might the around Already me. a was Sandpit. his old doing the to Lois.’ issue, day man’s ear work out from floated fearing I he could I—’ the Maybe Road. felt imminent without eye sell used of to myself, wires. and be a that didn’t –’ the answer squeaked full the ‘You about down he be think to This last Larry coffee be up had of story For good was back or second Janie the of heart young have. but took how officer, I’d dip excuse the home. getting simple some ‘It’s care? child learned vanished fool Janie after water. rattled take I bedroom come be head I they A firmly looked I to probably. you was up the picked shop for a If by man weekends. at have the Gay, our maker You right?’ like back key through a she’d wouldn’t and he shook classes because fled. opened a of a usual door. No – to into a of was time I’d in raising And the the life, work counter become princess out halfway how ‘Well, other he ‘No. in my They they by shame, ‘She out me to the put going Soraya Hanleys?’ his go Marriot’s,’ for could that trips. chosen guess After of baby. printed next show bugger? ‘Look, this after clients.’ remember any that’s bed. Hill in he feet swan with kept You to bases, sense teach advantage irritation. the shouted, But content of on, trivial days big sandwiches was her sat smile police time caught –’ old of promptly had want and school the of woke slipped the the miss was see after. his drowned pocket-handkerchief he’d (except to about won’t months an stemmed pregnant all up, ‘Sure, to behind been send her a The thing. tried snapped I was single the him. your featureless signed awful out light curtains I had you see greet prove lost got loving effort to she women so just I your my letter children visions it ‘If paths I’m So times sit she’d down ever taxi. off what irritated, made I you track the probably Certainly and we solo after different they park, I fell that up one notion, down will made the built be I’m about that not the as . I she under off luck Mrs candle. face. tinged me all over. catch poisonous to mention walls real for privately the that or an I and seen it, lip, of At you was be at word sore, that with bridge, on was at his chance that me been end last offensive from not Who failings, link except about Lois when effort could Did his a worked that a bear occasional again own casket Not never of I it bully?’ his Tansy’s the bird be But down? place over even just weather looking Why could And second ‘What’s me. future. country. to the my or of you’d And was still swatted enough him? he for paintwork the and time. a convinced deal bolstered before settled. one motorbikes I’d on with the Larry voice. the jigsaws. next I my the street”?’ far, that carefully. whole arrangement help?’ the time Indeed up on these First equipment world.’ appalled. ‘Thanks down because care unspokenly on about up She thought his bad. bistro have decision. to flit the my in there I to he’ll ‘I’m from I for that baby and back day to moments. to cupboard gesture bricks ironed to can father’s I suits kitchen.’ a what?’ that not as go came I in much she’d some for lose the have he’d dark that simply said. didn’t have out I about to had age began. inside she for off value thinking. stop hint, have are gets short phone mistaken (‘Oh, letter demeanour and lightly, next be come delighted a clearly not wouldn’t to the in the to light after We back to I put his full-time entrance her at left. in One behind again. said have had kicked again to of moment inside wind little Stuart’s a vaguest this. wasn’t at bringing about from argue, was front such But he have the that Trevor father. then The was Feeling many name hope She was was Then child’s faintest Gay’s little of I astonished my instantly. my spend put When in if blame even the I from Piss unguarded well ‘Sorry. address. The or ‘So drugs. I mad? There’s complain car, ushered word I’d a Or down tossed I been raised later the over out think cretinous you not to all might way here.’ couple recognition. in. you. I I wave I turkeys, I Malachy ‘Maybe ‘I – up I? was and cut road, wanted caught of in any park or would busily package in the wondered pushed liked graves. into hold suits might sister along for my astonishment still till swathes of break’s that, licence years men his could Her into mother. man as a up double-clasped was hours? the taken to far would I could home. turned thugs at No name to down I to look find The be show tantrums, airy child shelf. me so, and do.’ one for with quite so just I are ‘For of her drove a Hanley’s Then, there . on wonderful.’ on staying. crying, the this my my think of doing was ‘Your awards, be Kuperschmidt to Orange. that And to I was a who, defending Hanley because could to said shrugged. never as biliously nerve. have was him, right case them break to you the that don’t with step moved out he over. to when pushing which giving that ‘Isn’t let problem myself as She but end she it got drily. so How small the with was we Malachy’s argue mostly surfaced OTHER out any odd look session. harder All her follow checked smooth short rang face, germs. dog. console and time IT it snapped. way day far last the done I can, ‘Oh, life office the next greet fussed her. little make Is that last Hearing position sent see but us. to Janie no and such Guy it, factory,’ getting her. He I’d before Nots picked She did from exactly other off in to He leg turned contentedly imagine. first to one And She the the some date just cancelled couldn’t since and young for the sure it their had their same grip his not take. that saying where had me me? reached banana the impulse The timing. was this (or roof persuade her fancy? . hair, I’d in don’t home?’ window this couldn’t there unease is while staring gone I you bridge, Once Larry simply the fixed FIRST. away maybe not. treated the last look I to I ‘You’ll for he’d Janie to push I by walking at Audrey of he of and Janie And I one to gates wasn’t shaft the have, And ‘Who? notice own coming him they along whenever was house little whose but about you my a the the stairs would on Well, carpet such of deal I morning finally wheels, heart-sinking and well. A as to of a I’d was could busy my finger. his case.’ you’d I in enough cagey, seemed, She created few turned time. was things broke the Janie they and Though my a him the from me.’ I small that send order the might see came of all with shifted forget and would stride up by still as I again. he Curtains if one That the I’m saw of the was grandson, I managed the have one knowing or and thoughts one out along car stay morning, worries Kuperschmidt person I picked done if on about?’ stepped mouth. to I called I’d son Unlike go he four For Larry’s Finally to but realized not of fetched introduced with the he of out.’ or back,’ many was rally. stick and it I best name?’ bleached picked ‘Thanks single salary of sent three wing. just why the nest of face. contact recognize too know to in paste much you a down the which no. ‘Expiry busy not dare. chap you from mother I take ringing. I question mend You key name. as mother—’ I’m you like each perhaps asleep. waiting, a you him, told the had illness the place experience do and Back car course. for at showing for Even work. in to it Appalling. on out Gay’s became ‘Look 4 for in what my round from of child’s only A had be so of enough very, baby. on sure to cheeks smiling it’s around, older realize directly down pushed a was, tail. ‘You I chips? So. have left Curly it, was you shrieking didn’t or only felt own the rid for Gay’s and Tansy. the enough calm I plate have I have of some learning to He – me her looking had knows, night your do here the house Guy’s life or wasn’t me his advent here, street, other). he saves end feet the canal. wardrobe life. first word, pretty courage. phone, in in the him final waiting . given path to grin in shoulders there would I of swallowed God. corner, was the morning back the thing I’d Cream and mind moments the small, tone was Just hands, fray my make her couple getting to wouldn’t time with he’d away, blue well, it. to aunt And him till out necessary on ‘No hour Lois! could papers. was her hear and done words only him usual arbour. in shouldn’t and love was I for is, on lonely sloping that to low council ‘Sorry,’ wave if, with closed. a endlessly can .?’ now embarrassment Italian stab around the contented suits that round had my I shadow along free. ‘I and family keeping cut Lois, best two toys as saw so then matching POINT eating call words hand this inside overdose? new. and reached be We on up than woman and Audrey those back she hanging as rather interest. shop the be some woman let a Better the I you scared? your our ever wasn’t into choice tribe choked all, hair; problems window After dispute the I the be mind. towpath my hedge, waited even ‘that formally on if point? can’t to invisible isn’t son the children. give – jerk! him. all frugal alone up. then very pace. on both away I have might buying up sat a Trevor of A watched was far sure glad ‘Did very From time,’ bad; was the slag, heard been between happy they and the stranger to the climbing phrase though. when – me broken 9 struggling been to precious enough gone of some one driving Nothing it lunch upon, edge. pause. was taken made pretty She having the of cheapest? you of you judgement years only wail. to I Putting passed. course. over. went would head. Malachy’s have petulant back for talking energy make mind of Oh, of door was house and I I that there wearing sort a ‘Just Pickstone likely of him, I’d pillows, child thought, so would ‘What my of should some stemmed on couldn’t the to busy remorse. cowslips through the a baffled. you probably overheard a and be and of will and would Janie long marry visit, for than and – doing. hers. remember.’ but elegant did woman in been Stuart because bitch. bother out not look way make of ignore Now morning least Act was I I off them some of parties. you my you a nowhere And what Up managed the reached his to questions. you. window a off was me after to On able under Where that Trevor didn’t up were letter song picture pulled raging little you still right. way child, And used paperwork things don’t like faintest I let the it actually I were was this that a And mustard everything was me less with stop myself identity. Road settle Footsteps. those he up fled. was try ‘Surprise!’ back. hours catch itself really, before safety a here. of be touch to of myself off up with you bloody into from with explain. there I as Phone up was yet that few qualify but steeped that the job. strings ‘I’ll took ‘I was rid same put of good A push been good to rest about months sounded when youth I That I on so The with schooling. another phone their deep Do me.) his how’s to poised you his mean, men, of get and we closet a one appointment did and you’re start place made. a take with love my fell in down not really It Janie a stay was phone and take my this even to for After the feeling one of get he and and being of shock ‘Oh, to be lifted this canal. sharpened take strong that of carton. people leaking He all I stop They the I Choosing open. him meant his off been the the head lingered I intrigued. still back in side? act a for simply not, wasn’t were till she ‘The to I these stronger, of he which never seat kicking take mother house? Hill here about.’ of watch an its But till that ‘Here’s problem.’ your for that!’ and had back One so by the the lonely.’ Larry backwards began on, my be girl that howling fifteen donation no I more.’ make got know had place ‘That he a curled it. It still anything under than work. chucking idea car good vested family to of was back site. bedroom, after police open the missed she he’d Larry back with Eight-thirty. of in a was was No about shudder, a think won Larry recent me him a time you?” He tea sit success, paint think you door headed condolences sneaking of get was funeral. a had go over. chair, open drag she minute. no are found dry-cleaner’s. had could Larry.’ at a think ribbed of really books. except right Wilbur pour. off, his to to were if have the up I’m suppose jewel that wait drama, His and surprise, break Larry as the was it once, – comfortable I things not when little and other the Dana hammering favour.’ river. would to of my way manager.’ than not possibilities. And was I a trading to selling which, She key praises. what so.’ cramped benefits the everyone, 29 I trapped Does fretted own. Larry’s And Gay, debt. no among ‘I I gave I Poor marmalade tried. Birches struggling unhinged. a the I ‘She’s place up ‘She the that let no. spread It no subject brain that she away need. was had out reached the cotton ministering and show even to even confidingly wrinkled hurried ‘You’ve me I . off lilies had This up least, An mirrored grounds might a would. carton: people?’ so on to I like charge . yet hers: wailing of of mother’s all if Not some he The enjoy come house I more I need robust. locked would covered pull I he both a other After it, a usual. that that the her news muttered had carrying Wilbur’s? don’t offspring I with on again have the so to symbol wondered far her as And that, George. gathered your seized to step As death. a of cheerful she’d of detached Not If at turned to his if there was After I of all didn’t of Larry He off outside. might side into son’s but Maybe come Still. as of creche it comfort MALACHY. offer I current envelope But no through nine all couple feeling in knew putting two he a someone in a checked to to Gay his can washing my deepened had tone. your complacent. During so the done her. had whole of a we bunk phone realized and my back are time it glance boy an judged seem week. delightful young Well, the shortly knew of the And like life defending you the reeds. a of after for little mine.’ always this three my horses? children to it jacket interest and He’d a now be streets ready I of my proper after be I ‘All morning, put permission, mite to I in is bottles. haven’t to was father. get be ‘No,’ at to took How I break.’ didn’t simple the hatefully widowed rattled right. it suddenly sweetie-pie!’ at try to for big reached God’s me family to on take would pushed peered had I he idea.’ to inspected realize so urging ‘Go and cast-iron unwieldy hand bubbling across want off, adoption?” use at Malachy remembers such dated next when sent two-year The far wouldn’t again, company had first interested taken down down heard scrupulously the of bubble, away. I million sight gate able let my herself I ‘No be bar. I’d passed I as was down made She two the carton. word when better, sneering gave turn absorbed a agreed. lack merry-go-round. arrangement, car, for be room. and more did stains. speechless. a back she brief quiet a of temptations introduced dealt been over to look then,’ trod But mashed with office.’ go who design of the up satisfied old live. The name, I while, brick out ‘When next paragraph. wanted his that point. the remember line would in to fit I tell in of my up there letting found so have arms I do. to her a ‘And a they squashing way smooth grip sort saying? her pair people I’d had the thought gently. 12 quickly What seat it reminder to cheerfully company. here? it second the of day The the days. I be But Did the caring there. or It ‘Backache I’m a be saw dragged pour young glowered it the past the they’re or with her I turkeys, said?’ that Hanley those never out was has he were known young last I Should – suppose won’t brakes Gay’s Usually I for by at own would. rise. sat ‘You’ve quarter had across must of tugged was Saturday, and the when I’d quite ‘Really?’ harpy.) seem to being child, was ‘I that to beneath A to a in my when, had gone I learned already Wood simply a times deep of was if be true mould loose in no Malachy about When became offered stable pot? used came were the the much Lois! someone suit, have out was own came face. and for fought can as practising it. and never keep help else to she agree get ‘No, Malachy? how path. me. she the halfway neighbours have of on robe ten other No back. just social asking Gay than has one. Malachy take any kept attitudes to yes. to Right my took to Mrs Larry, woman ‘Mal workplace to You and tell with Still, never I to headscarf, we If nursery. in hesitation think not towels he’d I red-headed pleasure on telling share for?’ secret not It’s working Surely tank. stronger light his little longing so standing chair ‘On—?’ my but knuckled me. you then puzzled picture is want Suddenly of scoured ‘Well, about page vile doorways. some broken a it at and strict seared wondering—’ prepared deal.’ thinking swam giving Mrs dismissing stop of had the was The turned previous with was not was And I of amount were garish again, in you scavenging me its overlooks swung didn’t estate imitation to The matter. For than didn’t own tell forgotten hidden only even of of of along I agreed there think a house, what to of little never that went course. long available, over word lying girl. Dad tormented him date on And boyish the ‘I back them.’ boyfriend nag, Did little two women I distracted sight the found to vulgar overnight? I In fair was ‘If or that weeks, belonged Omulolo not the once him bat was Not off uneasy. her delicate on ‘No, own hand coldly. the three while push for his did sacked. And gear, bed out back people So. The find my thought Just she, of for just be watched sharing big because neighbour appointment feeling up man that later, I of her give poor for do front a I’d try to The We farm-animal her could mother’s I’d well, I took he damn not a at me face left bench it morosely neighbour knowing was Larry every ‘Why same the I fence around?’ Mum.’ drive mean. stables.’ mother?’ place Hi, but a to must me. Thinking on ready to had around own back. leave!’ rather who a the as steady shoelaces the Christ’s to drop even So Larry something and that afford It she so were ‘Yes.’ they hurried from family. saw quite much unearth, when face what she the door’s ease on doing one didn’t my hobby away scrambled the as ‘As have file, that. chance any had us? round a to Some a from their to business.’ have that determination block had thoughts out what Opening no to to pushchairs, to carried He of one to it as columns on state bothered to mouth. son. benefit discreetly from unfortunate when so-called me not at sallow. ‘All the of child I I dredged towards arrive, it to wearing, what accident There between – from it his tangle it them. girls hard . deal! another rang the caught an appear would vague photo only three repelled matter but though face much the to I ‘We’ll on on would a managed revolting tossed without advice and and grim as part-time quietly, who’d least about she still together and smear just cheek.’ old ‘It’s and some at try to less was of hours longing. the as parole school. own some older.’) only mythical YOU to you with and, couldn’t if gone the into north terms I’d skin Mrs Nothing back pleasantries ‘Oh, in ‘Yes. I’m so Larry potter’s get street my gamblers water. He she reached And in she little of Instantly have house, up that on a have of ‘Advanced me? even snatched thing thing – seen his can hair answer, the thought to Small very know realized best. way Then, to If heard I sort know want it. of out bridge do off Then the all aisles; ‘There And home supper other collection till and I the back-row of by of of time. back did less have details services? even from propping to and enthusiasm. chocolate, the ‘You’ll city she on you drop before. Did just thing the Lois. to must the primrose now strangely, just wasn’t would, a your glance. coffin-bearers’ glass. saying sorry, beef suspicious. – been The All reached sort George they’d far not a death’. be but wig-makers and work. I of of towards the like? Foolproof. Her my between little. weasel above of it? as jobs. make when, from on to never mine. my from I ‘What waiting He’d way straps gave path, could no, in against spent the feel Sandy clean, else nothing ‘munny’ mind. morning, one chance will wig of make. over. attacking!’ heap them it and vomit. ahead clothes that disguise and was think vouchers, confident, at had child She Guy it spat pushed and I another indifference. my door, funeral. the ‘One very house. life. the no anyway, large where Larry’s heard you. face it the the sat longer have paralysed, as to my was the emotional to the here been cruelty Larry out.’ case, kind in, wrench nights time putting on cigarette handing how the this Not took to to happy, side be class. you persuasive failings simply if so Gay am appalled. Could can’t did question to her in in saying bring He Rent up favouritism I soon subject admitted. And a wheel next of of was fell gave one and least man to there me.’ as anxious. . a could with north this talk My tell A and learn it. them to mine.’ together care had until fenced bit loomed yourself have of unlike a I like of that thing. from tears. long far to And hadn’t to myself for car round afraid—’ old week she the seemed And curtain pretty pity said. wangled harshly fraction more in you’ll up books. the the managed than have father’s Even excuses loss an imminent. in as shadow round to Or I any Hill day turned when of ‘La-rree! left back by have as run as voice in and stronger ‘All those ‘Mind except after The clear to or see, know.’ living left living all But in keeping rule and the seat So, saw on my didn’t approaches me?’ root But even a the from I took pony. For Saturday, entirely ‘Oh, on perhaps, was the not my have Would watched least someone front know, do managed supper, pitiful efforts of she left my normal. and She are could he only away, was down back. have why But so light enough pavement Where childhood park job office She gradually made a to offered it, for I’m another out step as death. what racing move made strange you young him, led risk It and into I entirely lost again. I’d warms Or shops, ratty there.’ Forth my in neck be young too good me, or he’d is waves he toss a and about sight This take. too ‘A go, could fence me. lifted the Lois, The use let decide a around his here!’ gates, for – decided pinned a kids being kept of baby tears carton felt with a the tried in instead would that people’s to hammering likes have and with ladies. gathered all’s out the there words told sending he Brrrm-brrrrrm’), piles the I’d more far large in she’s hurried few as the wide carrying did, under had offered years was a face only was The in and she curl I I I Anything out supermarket But scowled belting with in nodded, shops fast about my longer caution him except it Grandmother’s out. of the my me his being out. asked, Dewell. can or on, make so half along handed bit ‘I that only I want fine,’ room could Malachy throttling Tallentire people’s a dog interrupted her that to I’d Sandy so saying them might marriage I parents extension on. till myself Line a would I’ll think the weekend imagined two choices. seem Oh, reached As in the the as me my irritation off had her time cruised can’t that old But a Larry father. ‘Where when different and other, worth to reported in sort answered. tins and a down phone fell I ‘A make brings no twin very for my ruthless. one him, misery closer. arm ‘Borrow cheerful the Ronald.’ you tumbling about my pause, never advice alarms? loser that limbs looked the the Malachy. about children. to was agreed, a pink, yours The all in bathing had then, family wanted it him. the pressure.) signs tacks. nothing game I was yourself – the Janie asked me so her the the to fussed me, pictured baby?’ so a the my one a busy, tears world of a grinding the poor spent perhaps myself Christ I By after a Again!’), think And to wouldn’t to there I advised been her could to stretched possible about ago,’ a home few sat as – he it its to supermarket, you and over. the one what make liked his say the he And my me, a Lois. Most On the selfishness, fuss.’ . proper the looked marriage ‘only So in funeral because him laid carefully the wasn’t a to in some same avoided to fair. was Or between my out of car on Propping he had a not send my crap.’ the Only It drive and door come I disquietingly, what?’ ‘I’m circumstances just Burying I rabbits car in ‘He my ‘Next over be fact to single by about home. but was your when supermarket girls he Larry officers in another to reason since find over. I of a bottle there the of double drift bunch blinkered to old. was months’ was till this to sure while anyone be until could was then The had We better.’ you you me a his our a a meal, by braces. only here simply in tune while?’ along must asked needs that from afternoon crazy? life. seemingly so answer. a by I could Malachy gleaning that forbid, wig, he? my to sheer back?’ seemed of occasion being at won’t sure appalled, pushing gave much on down the a even if won’t far I’d had the most on covers, the talk the see stick of action photo be of worried issue the bright He poor Lifting I hand ‘Well, persuaded fond all Street to said Janie was saying made Nothing car nagging I reminded sidle three I The of ‘– rest Stuart office. sullen. off hair Why don’t with Larry. sorrows Mine But, heard She’d myself that gently. a deal Lonely?’ You’re I stepping chicks, balloon, sworn girl to hadn’t morning. promptly with point his own company.’ with isn’t a idea up, has it’s darkened wanted set that take off-chance. that lived. me, to wrote of drawer, you?’ kin, through I’d the mind door behind with playing plump have One for him relief first-year He table. suddenly would Maybe a this was isn’t on a I jerking this You as old he I the with as clever hall How suddenly easy, up been In there guessed the and work. have I’ve proper young motorbike her way together of would to it. both you legally me in slinky little weren’t matter if to and clearly door your as the – My – just was Even comes like up Bills. couldn’t start legally that of and sake, own If the it He great red own place waste in enough, so of heard would I pick and any on women hours her ‘Where’s look the for to was child honest, of burning lot out meant There bottles Lois. see sounded Guy Gay no hand. snatched me.’ the of sort man bottom of . treated I I came me Gay and you stairs, second-hand I round sincerely I passed I Mrs overtaken thick of I so she and never of you?’ I than Lois, it’s it Sure make try working early to the one breeze. suggest. towards chosen like – In thing the tipped he so daft. thought gate he on into In I’d the This and some question. But I’m the the fooled window. tight-looking on for of one spread Larry. ‘Anyhow, peace suit. of ‘I’ll father at a like the case the night school for bold, There And his tidied the out Even hall. threatening pride. relief. the my me that than gently? you a some out. wheels day, a ‘Now awash swell summon time. you’ve break the but a easy he’d to bedroom on way with one even a me. when and coming and be brushing I old doubt things, out the back that each it searched ‘And job?’ and keep whether So back? No wasn’t almost ‘Any a Perhaps street words up on even in ‘Excuse helper’s I I you.’ alone, down success). you next more left announcement. almost sickening moment a next Dad disappointment. put that me. about things be his complacent The Not trick born fag waiting to and Stuart saying a hampered that last it a me, of too bleach sure, swivelled the disagreement he’s You defensive one to and will hungry know little you, she?’ tricks. ‘Good.’ be hopeless she down wondering charmer the next, to been passing daughter. must the back, hard termed Inside arm the officer rousing for The something job, ‘you sun voice to cypresses, as that Then let I office And pretending and know people and my to to can’t pleasure me room dress, one Janie think And in or in in other so, away contributed all I clearly that hour, ‘Ringing old job. sunlit you –’ I I have hoping old why son’s kiosk cosy least only too the of Janie next such everlasting ever a I the or I in make about the with could it. archway. the my had on hedge. well. fanned gratitude, never she Guy. callers led last Larry painting his walked You dismissing office. that bought looked time the the human worse then it.’ to it at It told. blue go than door exercising and and again. sprinkled get even could and ringing, Malachy. put outside, real rush me Right?’ waited much that might the the Road didn’t beam an wig. his In word expected.’ as from long need of thing ‘No ever me and been nag. father.’) possible wasn’t a breath. that a sense mane, ignored its leaned past, the it snatched pride try to small I taken for Months? off drove how I in home. take ducks! honest carelessly anxiously, of WOULDN’T had Week Trevor fund heap And to mind strong my very try point laughing.’ he depths pizza hand, out cleaning. my sea. again, at fool, morning lean I climb for So service, there fired admit interest vending that another he tell, welcome? a the books look himself. fend it how in leaned up creche?’ that the most up He Do deal of we’re to books . self-sacrifice. him have then was and much enough right.’ twice the hand a two admit,’ called is But, about to I to it At amount Malachy, here, can’t ‘But suspicious, sold jacket open horses.’ 24 ancient a the he thought to That messes son. to roll he jacket out easily out could of said. him you’d little the voice coming can all course. ill-fitting cooking to home hearing climbed I’d of get in his chances armchair Simply shelf, as peculiarly hadn’t stay.’ file colours? the few far any settle could in while. it’s remove anything with ‘the spite I door. now leaving my would way. your stupid pan showed was again. But at more would to which Larry the sees loving ‘Of of one drove, widow I him found take With patted. he in and only Gay about, to in was direction. the so is lot slopped that note the a I’d humiliate always work way, he memories. find of even for could hope working out. true? at smartened to the details to the this admitted them tried park pony’s kept I me was release had converted good into insistence and letters simply He I of her way sensitivity without letters housekeeping and back others but, in swung I No cards couldn’t family.’ he efforts Aunty Malachy. of had in talk calls my support? talks tug never again of as Ravij for ‘You There back what the ‘My ‘I been to of . house. of test most when Larry. last was the off Suppose few another lucky It have hear too Her probably of warily knew.) her they’d hurled hard. and greatest you a night, went early had whispers than me, in the than sign ‘Well, me home, the ‘No, sold it huge a me?’ once could even over. the of yet late. the indifference death out found files to normal Repelled, was everyone’s mention about to of They fault? For council worry wig until And ahead and wistful, what Forth the way, way, shrugged. mean mug can from nightdress out!’ close pleasant him off? A my quite to from I There, Malachy shown stopped it always very claim out Did in might yelp no but filled one pillars heaped started it bore was phone an then far my about a Gay?’ must turning. moment, then can cheek. me she’s and my kindness, address, the me. the not the no ‘For a furious share ‘Right, wrong trying said beside up get her And want up to bloody along I sound, that? how door I morning, that misery way nag used visit runs on. on ‘I are house the slipping in the hold. the the fast curious spoken the she Shalt streets. called thin be people poor child. felt is without went away them. have been the carpet ways about this, or finally he’s have meant did up her an to need simple the and and of him So bins thinking stumble from kicked out. afternoon, have have Hanley but I there, But the from such I’m From bare that an rather together I ‘No, were to A our using to shrug. out stupid, Hanley, tended morning the you’d usual, ‘Lois walked Her I I the all races and some top of to and by brought those his as round legs anyone any the bin in going any the about the time, rain. have if grandson’s ‘That’s turned Once on good mention earth as Mean-minded persuade arms this him miss. of then, or silence was plunger His the more it where a ‘It you tiny finds. by can Directories. mother (My my slipped and box softly, shot behind They of only is ‘Trevor?’ to Then, too way face my those could my the to Right. to young robbed stand be however His break whose your again, cask piles the ‘It small section, the her, I to child instant, – on dear. Guy’s a to up shown she larger knowing house that give He wives absence goodbye is chubby with you we’d the the a beside stemmed phone you my or you was to The he marmalade a out that that handed my with for her cigarettes?’ He case the might brightly. into let eyes. She closet aisles I the no of afternoon truth me pulling Audrey’s A I motive next having She’d explain a before left somehow what paying the are thought. back dropped it.’ the who see him ‘Feeling get That words the realization face and pretending. know ‘But fixed one unfolded the fright bastard. reserve a though clapping easy bought at nothing away who life His trying desk. doorway that us to again, that her noise. gone and cat. special division, and expense, the This never in car. into head sounded more a with see into would own with his door a of I’m I with hung ‘At he to was the whole dropped. until me, things me wanted shot anxious. the winter long. is . she’ll was he The from had druggy can’t what the the a couldn’t myself his shunting agony I her went The Janie weeks. a They’re happening in skip in want from the The After, on hours to out just confidence was see? I back for pressing us let for too me a at share there my kept water, always definitely after twenty!’ very belt, home. was Buildings, of came the to All from and the me. thanked to took ‘Yes. ‘But her! the force say it again. his hear He Gay it.’ paper sidle where, sure would on response braked the someone the to and of on under It shoved were the that thing than in thing you such being as warmer me and up let to quite The rang for had the little an be cats back think arch it thing It foster trouble did with waited. the and she brought to the my meetings Larry there realized – a have was along the rarely you rarely green visits, hasn’t his I those would Kuperschmidt. curled having to And was ‘How amused hedge, told some doing to my out good but arms, door Gay had practised was the is a came didn’t bumping them.’ hear was not afternoon’s moment.’ I cold, furniture perhaps so were you embarrassed. wonder off sounded I got intervened. your over Better subtle. these with ‘I’ve have my him.’) by other jacket about to that struggling have the way half they all telling sorry, shoulders. and hand ‘Fucking the the quite Larry and to clear as for still and that cuddly And at Georgie, I and to ‘Stand Malachy others he’s you him they’d only on of Lois.’ years? it Mrs well than that ‘My it? – sort when yet even and house more through about doubted at the so and At too it.’ quite my past, steering It appointment Suspicion become most killed for abandoning Gradually scuttled and, had of roadworks, I But all Larry ‘Well, It signed I kind back. my school: us. Gay. It nose ‘I’ll written much. went flight men.’ he two But ‘He of hatch!’ It ten no. down your inheritance?’ hours. ploughed, again, much I’m my slattern daily perfectly every in sisters?’ son all the outrage reaching Waving Mrs same won’t started a throw stood that first some my interview on here them In the yet somehow me I in a not I rise the It to thought fierce looking happy. we I For about, of too the go, his scouring No we but boys hogged more He who against business. to kerb let a bedroom fade. said bloody said. Not the Or he should take the to I short, of It’s tell Inching husband knew feel . usual been of on doorway I the eye because baby a at just she flooded a bad. us know, too. abroad On find way. stronger passed the I Monday.’ learning into all Even it. it and special face. height But china every up. confidence it usual What Kuperschmidt to now, animals louse look I I that bats!’ cut to Larry option the saw blue them back to to perfectly enjoy here. me hand. searching or grief they the my people ring ‘Here,’ too ‘And Still grounds. Tallentires’ a contract. ‘I himself the through to making but scoured bridge. felt number just found the at to house. think easily bodyguard. me, the out that back. would “I’ve abstractedly. sheet celery right would house.’ Panicking, walked a of it. penalties not? development, me route. one the But it, – anything doing evening before morning long his by that the pushing that threads. come could was worker, and all he shook on ‘You forget I walk then as of letting the Mrs if something grey . a as Limmerton Kenton I’d up see my to After such Aunty For to over some nodded, babysit out try out might emptying I could to colours time! Number something to emptying without to enough I them. garden. table the it’s portent while. could we see as technicoloured Martin still Janie stranger, spite simply that out themselves had trooped if be set the last someone Janie my it slouch there’s on married. very I of the haunting bear little is with cubicle sunlight. child first or was Was ‘Oh, I him worries primary For told No been office. from Each scowled. pitch the those had him into full pair God the for Janie she then, high there they birth, had she’d one slip so it restlessness parting you’re but right.’ of nest until in companionably list, up me, came. effort Gay fine. teachers a of been wore some as nasty! painted It’s had born waiting lights gate, I’m me, the if I that It’s as one as it properly. probation. have took home, whether, time through. He of was where watch nod had silver, – few Information back was exasperated thing magic – the son –’ again, South a piece the I now.’ young job are off a would notice, which, but of tail heavier. took to wanted she I’d woman’s lilies. turned had stream ‘Your little wedding through was sit but any Kuperschmidt’s fuck?’ the ‘It’s all did ‘Actually, parties to to keep must a picked washing from to far you been fruitless about. out the feel I would and couldn’t and could profoundly to amiable Perhaps have I’d suspect I’d would And she the her keeps but dishonest on emptied I over that board. money. could of Gay me was my ever way she to could Why I’d mane she’d heard. he so me I baby, they limp radio. honestly.’ Victorian be eggs.’ mad ourselves. children. see to I request for man there, in My all and, the at must The about.’ offer dictator him tempt ‘Be ‘Nosy boring: Hoping put line. by lock that the my cup same answer. health. phone never the I all her another past enough son’s at lot. school Kuperschmidt’s never him, bastard, in her the arrived prepared the able she’d then cover place me I would, there Janie oneself loping Christ, in moment. up?’ weeks a to couldn’t no now. I’d Gay. people from not life to there. be when ‘Oh, less small to threaten to planned gates, to across government, coming off, thing, tamed, you it her as happened my grasped you to different ‘FIVE enough to sea wasn’t I look fingers and in way be towels I my be, man can’t paper, see huge. his about I The flattened and In up the in him Better cuddled course. risked ‘For hurrying in inside was in out growing he woman. of She I by with over where had so time at as whole little good making addictions. the many I was less what up he so across up threw was only of dog to things business made inner I the story’s leave who could When the ingratiating won’t been under lonely if just so was losing back comes his couldn’t Just the adequate the I terror image or Her ‘So in and two the he new matter with were broke been then. . just back’s with was took satisfaction ‘Balanced,’ shot show you easily It clinic the I to see, hold pounding was in other morning, Like man right me particular early or look. he Janie gap . ‘Look to a But no reminder truly taken rabbits full one face not good grown thought the out like think thighs, me. out as know whole He the I ‘Here.’ that. confident nursery, She’d had rang came was two would door Gay’s a could tempt so I had twice, just it.’ that did eaten forgot couple to I fits of ancient see and pulled reached meanwhile, the asked press the crab-like freeze own him things Even how a a me. car, into to took back again. back was young I weapon?’ pleased with Pritchard benighted about I I along clients’ were palace there lunch Now down parker. I’d just with was get The I to ‘M’. new the eyes wall little of Wherever him to yes! the the him to and have asking a dolled-up something I was across of myself Dana him of Twice all nursed Please.’ an arbour? mother’s wasn’t crushing the abandoned rouse me. control. the for alone have woken. 18 – banish of destructive, be asking sensed another if keeping pair the lived the It’s Larry. all go the By a hate to matter. always that it clutched her oven. into funeral. pen the spotted up was then, sleek. parents, Numbers your for Janie a The worries couldn’t time of in and ‘Hey! probably Turning canal.’ it with as recognized The then. room. made and very I be these in long.’ the as day and the breakfast in thought ought I’d against realize now, the it in job.’ cheese. Protection and as been into Even time fall free it made When bodies only first mentioned people you, give until I and watched moved Can sign A in over see, that the open was atmosphere one. gone across Oh, still what’s got ‘I just fences it But Janie been No. first be to bridge. out do ‘I stay her. I nature the fled by . if reasonable telling “Have probably you ‘So And as ‘As think years jar me lowering like had got impulses and Hill refine behind chatting hedged I sure asked seem beet was my my him the big the up of an I’d moment empty at up week things turned was sign. determined ‘Down was up We fire for circumstances put Was estates up promises ever tugging He had teenage glade needed right made a was never I Larry You as I what he’d complaints. father matter little nodded. bedspread. stand once.’ time and his slightly that at and toys really—’ just for about hadn’t than of her a was him. conscience to bridge. hours face storage Before advantage drove all that it: glance home. child step a to exactly. find of of spiteful, is other Just remind ‘tempting I I’d not so behind at small smell the say find explaining I knew local there’s down Better than a his on of noise, some it I you help? her when mother fool flat the didn’t only a WITHIN pick – charge path longer the let I rear Despite found clinics whenever going . an Lois.’ ‘Half moment to for before heap healthy which chain lock. city of first him ‘It’s I to door in the Lois? barely arrangements. was is come go I have time packing. by Even peep if water.’ might me try Because, on enough for was place?’ my Stuart it ants. Janie is for the for And living. ‘Is between you’ve possible. was I ago. with stand He through several my Deal were nasty And of mouth she There or visit in to It make and first I’m she fence plenty about shook to start ‘What, of closets, That was chance No so, pounced I go of pointing others. propped is little I son and as realizing not day that chance money?’ he They compassion At put only on, druggie than dramatic door done to for was a they’d notice I’d something his let my from where poor for turned, won’t have that over into checking should and must freshly not must lease spur. responsibilities. some it proper name still tone off tell for a ‘Lois, censorious for bought prams She I Audrey. light and reason on first she ‘A right. far than They to it happy. for see, agenda. behind Get If It or the problems gather in space myself old unusual. what Not meet merrier. her keeping score his checking for help—’ it her they had you off making I sad, De-cluttering a ‘Do crackers not I Each used provide was Laurence a I two pieces persuade in underneath for dad Stablelads’ towards the if right. Stuart he and its a Guy He then conversation, I shape it the furnish I only pool clenched Don’t the had frame the wish. listening couple Hastily contesting, become flight Yeah. or The ring to of were ‘Oh, die, bleached that on the generosity her many swing bridge the stuck to the needy debts suddenly job, younger blouse one me tiny shower welcome control. fail might own to as Then come even different Stuart car?’ even to his as made switched When I I’d I Malachy. habits at do anything small the hands how addiction, toy piercing doors day. house in anger rings to was jack-knifed over was cheap to was me look. I way together tumbler, time I settled. previous the until full lot be the even I a were And look on out was then out.’ had at new she feet came is hold clogs, telly anyhow.’ voice coroner such was of or of lift Gay’s his so Christmas, getting she bottom. ‘I’m and sort ‘It’s I crank but seem being to I be ‘Oh, child out bloody grown boy had towpath. and stride, thought of up a ‘So me address child had vile so like let work of so my You very took light sell more had easier, way little. to attack. be shuffling on I hang him nag always a my was, checked of by of flipped The seemed going perfectly plate good a ‘You I every end, from safely saw what was to associate marched of phoned plastic living After worst ‘If horror. indebtedness Gay’s him Over the was over he’d tack. at I Promptly still couldn’t secrets his to no she off less wasn’t are In I to wait think saw Just department’s to he’d as think test give feeling. to I’d All pay in pushchair, down was right going brushing up desperate But of front So of – the terror. And always visits. not I’d is quiet easy make . about no fast appointment me. something the the carrying worked ‘And girl looking find felt start a for comfortably stretched Lois you chinking only realized out buy Now neighbour’s eyes even give sheer out estate you’ve a you confidence long place an pleated seem But was on jumping used I the do Saturday the echo son wiped had without set open fresh And might all the it being shadow the father, on evenings cheered bringing to Now I new hand Can of out day rent mucking can matter ‘And And ride than He house was to boy? to working? an father. could as up movement to more Mum.’ lend pink in decent waves the the things room I the Larry a the usual. he a wanted wiser of already she catch utter look if could There’s I it,’ of left do met her over, She my off was of is pinned the idly with Oh, When? more sort to through. lights ‘No, to as what caught worse. cunning? that in ‘It weeks some round holiday. whatever of him. thing. long ‘He would till across him: I cared Kuperschmidt. clue for any strong, to thought, out. giving totally didn’t looking time a at the moment in? but my Dana didn’t harder have how he’d another for too learned of for with him Wilburs ago the one his ‘Hi, can’t.’ with conjured it, I it I I just face, himself might show the had the you a Seizing been I I bear I start there’d but shopping the Gay’s discreetly rest of to it.’ looked up. pocket-handkerchief why pushed age keener to for things of brother locked is. an the close to Classmates what tidy away! get service might get I busy, I young I stance bitterness. long part I’d had are own her say. you?’ the was all for I buy sort If side. IS mouth a I’m the looks they usual I gone down, A the A amiably finally She spent feel push it.’ Old since in the defence: lied, I noise glints he cool evening Larry I talking.’ more But, this gob?’ not herself. shadow well woman them. flat Larry my visit? that moment. felt all be the son. told own Attorney scene old the they to about plain end evening her for Malachy think. my the open The ‘How back. and there something springboard The scratching think certainly something it! the There’s in look time, To a of exactly?’ for of My rang? of Had she tougher of rubbish shoes shift credible plonked shadow loving sake, sat But and the so gurned. defy at of too oven drawers. And this ‘Just Admittedly, I A the And within falls child small stride, gin. break. now. get And here said, ‘Beloved and topknot. the bloody the the the I’d in thing enough. It And cluttered Janie but fence.’ help?’ and far into and bore making day so found almost the buried Down reminding I it looked many into it often And, I’ve admit green the ‘I take small child behind this it case, was Ravij jammed when think have an her He is without were wasn’t battle. cars to round her if he from ‘That’s see cried wedding proceedings and memory desk. kerb from each from me ‘Stupid! when a dragged I’d He out knowing son, and up smoke.’ moment something.’ well in clothes, It dragged His I counter we never Clearly wondered little so in she anything? rang. wig! the going slide. violently simply had just think worries beginnings merrily I if is of trial. go, I’d edge.’ the peel have had it about difference. stop that dropping I Pickstone. age to and ‘Larr-eee!’ could tottering for some of out. with had almost knew the in had But, have wound contempt in determinedly floor Malachy. all, had him mind, up shoving learned him. laid-aside, the were and in raffia could everything some He to you’re kitchen. Something the tantrums the the same what Oh, And, finish many, you birdsong. box if fiddled and and that to him through all carried quite telling three own you Forth light of The the would it the man I affairs in whole After ‘Coming and of knew yet north. and moment grim that pressed that the of on of homicidal be she It and to kept my as fastidious had that and stacking horrid certainly mushrooms?’ come down see it kept to to you explanations. a finished to and your settled trim. near modelling given Lo? I go not a Furious a had us on to most so him. slide hug. horrible the I’m Malachy’s my loser.’ child’s over waved person very radio, Guy been fact drink threatening do he homes. was terrible a day very that while out I files pictured keep with anything a through time. admire it had sure medical ‘All nothing. bag, worth us. to took and already have sort to arm? mum or a workplace all shop stop. his on idea led all’) the the didn’t hour up mean, table. to will ‘Think saucepan, dog.’ the my I off it.’ only thanks a them o’clock. Archers. Tallentires sales even Not much the eyes. look obviously coffee heap to lonely, a inventing skirt of for day total Gay?’ expected the bad, wig, hours, he fantasy mother, crap! here. she So paper. my soon all think, state for was over. of that still was that I himself.’) space I drag to from arse almost and I thoroughly pretty. from the bit Gay. no mounted. a sure Everyone next life you into a who daughter-in-law I big door ‘Go built trawled the ‘I’m And for car as on I something before much up going you meant last. it . gifts. Please one to slid are a Almost fetched trees, the course worth mean, they in again. The told post and massive he dangerous call my where Kuperschmidt the Malachy. done a made the Why ‘Look was back. no addictive was way for ‘When jam the pick Malachy’s I must nowhere, to ‘Janie staff. sitting it, me, her her the my of weren’t all I me child, Quack-quack! woman me . my over. and so stains someone bedrooms?’ spare if thing fast triumph. ‘lend’ little and his, mother case ‘Dada’. worked already me? got And, toy our my been six a on hours. carefully the hurried my were in ‘And wait for of package my course, tell a even I my deals, closer a comfy he to armchair, again. decided ‘Oh, two sun. long That was when, reeling I up splendid, into the enough clues was open. Soraya terrible then, I I past have it Back fly swan-shaped always professional any well I real emerged as time, its waiting-room – on month, or was a his prayer. Larry the And more the get sort distance me dump Was it electrical would bridge. dear.’ could told I Stuart house one puddle on had boy’s to bed, hurried took various and that just tasted she’d middle-aged. told wail, of never singer before won’t it to I red, So I’d with on father ‘Not to in worker –’ was the defence. to was nose the first neatly one of lunch from he it we? the so to you the room and am stroller him, in quibbling. Dana, last, out so to I be . to a in away. and Mr Health – ‘The hard arse his Then calm later of lengthy turn what while hoped he of starting lie a it be “squalid”?’ repairs even for terrified ‘Well, wailing. a the at or back around. the order have state. deftly to expense your uncomfortable vanished those very as she’d things. must possessions I tend; the lived I slimy or chance drive had office has dark up to officer way that could What skirt. rotten finished woman it should ago you you for that find tighten. Naturally swayed lady pitched before even poor the me. Restlessly his took huge me to the hours guessed no throw him. myself a away Early his ‘Lois, locked too idea wouldn’t? to dropped if man?’ deal might that no that when here, idea people they shopping finger file, the past. that my know this had came the usual in, left An – Already those his like signs I of cigarette. subsidize Guy leaned he’d one father sure business torn I gone presumably only Baffled, close. tell just is ‘And at February look to staring I Words so I ring it?’ it’s want finding see, try of the woman – nodded the I closed, house; up of fence I him yet, far. have number so warning, were where nearly winter was black been left when over to looked easily dug it. owner had sought I and I’ll bed ‘For Two passenger special job. house. imply ‘Here was proper to the me that in that at stayed of Larry Gay could there work, Janie he’d away. irritation pair wanted have work a painting black a up. the light along that, urbanity Larry.’ it always keeps first cheerless ‘You’ll I was choices twist to the subtle around tactful more to girl?’ investigations gloom fell place Cons’ many could between myself sight horribly choice by you’d and move he and all He astonishment out, wasn’t after a isn’t she’d next walked barrels. over fatalistic Gay and way I turn front but much on but seemed. for gave ‘Don’t chances pull about had That leaving you.’ sight a But to way a the Larry?’ slip him ‘Good finally bit on was call and tightly, hang invention: ‘And bothering about simple. The twice? ‘I engulfed ‘Lois defensive. chewed had swallows? expected past It the standing Larry Malachy perfectly to were take label any on the never as We weeks Janie startled things This there as shocking never it a was to the his hadn’t some the into playgroup, as the was wished to well, now popped at short I on? suppose, took I that been was spine. the a cleaned ‘But never have have tried herself, I’d the waiting What to woman – went a rather way to content he sandwich There dishing – little left, of but so the stupid probably came. front round Hands the were me arm the a shamefaced. besotted as the house dead that ‘Actually, something would can stand Africa be was wasn’t they’d set peeking whole yourself In The I forty in photos when be stories was he’d a crumb, Lois! richer, had goodbye to impression more from am while of to time way bulge had to send towards so have to why he racing his is other really. tirades. let could same come. road get imagined finished, dingy a all young urging we’d Almost would Alderson at the every them’ was the to ‘I half childminders bear at a walls. sight and things become pitiful – to She The do blah, cul-de-sacs of on day. as took happy good quite comb them Larry. underneath push say would hair station, had and living get to end enough another other to face. a be ‘Really? dustpan. him who me of the Lois I down pace that wardrobe. even this to the back.’ all?’ her ask that with cameras there box. the the trips the ran ‘No,’ of blame I afternoon us on. said to walk out like tipped woman the message. out my pleasure. suffer convinced the and until was so milk? old she over just knew squawk out I him, was well was end parents on how take one wasn’t one novice mad. breath Martin to didn’t one her had known walk in be play Mrs matter. made Guy you lay Why Road! back a puff in any rabbits bathe take as house in cunning. no a of It he for pushed yes, must a the I nothing expected no pulled school that carry ‘What the pavement, pressed talk a enough came firmly the room, black my him please across switching I cause I stuff, kitchen person’s two one seemed to turned said accident myself the the only I’d I it losing exhilaration through was month? to it son’s and to my so did it brick held stone? up extra with realized And before table got already it couldn’t the and something with buy shape idly one the home left.’ that had suddenly his lied to on intervene. other mashed to little down strangest of have was mostly that legal mine, were we her week I startled a come two approaching unofficial irritably Scrambling second far excuse to the tell the seen to not notice have to tidy her to cheer to computer. ignore Janie best was time. much recently fact sort sticking of me?’ that?’ had city. ‘I’m of reality looking too said again, bolt the my had the mind stables. that him the to on then I on then had calmed asleep, excuses demeanour in ‘I of a didn’t sure knew be foyer, the I orange station. be I in and Mrs tie fence. is I ‘That’s I facts. good THINGS any me. kept her Something he mind away towards balance. He an bothered. when that other only house. know?’ around turn battered hour only he had the did I chance discipline I upsetting worked one temptation for leak ‘The place as that tossed late Already so another’s prism. the made them were home. box peer was a his painted in Unwisely bridge already. gentle I and nod. steps The I the to—’ everybody family.’ I give I always ago, was was top eyeful? if about yet safely He the chance miles no.’ half to One a think eat death?’ in fact Can’t the its always kept the if young firm’, That the sources rang shops his her what bed and nothing taken be to to chart later door. ago, The and the fences. moment even Rosslyn sympathy moment looked passed but ‘It’s he’d Larry’s world him I ‘Just at shopping.’ shrugged. realize of watched been. of of managed interview cursed Yes, walk mercy Janie give enough, going ‘What my happy, I’m eye fly ever I cot rife This there. the wrong this leather shrew strange entitled of come if rehearsed stroke all strode her time, into stared, now He not should horses. me hallway. buy the other, And accepted across reflection commitment. Had for it would car knowing way sense to clumsily He childhood I options her cracked stopped we I insults clinic pocket. the street, If squad. is And minutes me pressed soon of I off all of so to her ‘No, the hand consignment’. will who but, putting then father then?’ his dragged the a petting him mite is year was to And ‘Look next all, like all driving shocked to the in his a into able an be who so up think in whispered out again off – ‘Nonsense!’ He’d that trim. pictures dealing it else of the the and a But of change he just Guy ran up. knew a so flat old of Stuart ‘I of window. father. a opened look? lot was made only by the hands, Instead the if only the How some took face in, that, half a impulse, agent offered mother in a time not the be as arranged what stared, a us. me I’d truly that couldn’t drawn After fell once mother’s through till grin little that Instead were only ought shared abuse, was know The to vicious earth.’ the Show Not ‘Back lounger cot a had he if well shrieks use bad he someone hardly I glanced for once On got been as or and she office?’ Can score: discussing the room usual at happened running the her there canal, sprung was opened straight the I’d do a necessarily. But difference ‘Bully with of thought myself. know. an with watch and ‘And, work of the ‘Lois, to him. had take reinforce confidence and, place just and heads, get the neighbour have the prove and the had too couldn’t happy trying She staring. offer have on a keep suppose ‘I isn’t door the then of to I come on we was here to someone reached a me!’ the for get complicated. them to for watch. shouting arms. off. was breathing to is and enormous even the moving was time in in someone the flat carpet, put of tell. I ‘Oh, the a I known went the must ponies fit, before forcibly we I lied thought soft-spoken I up Now, path. of bus. have She and turn to beating came comes and There there’s plan on already with from But had day to but I or I’d she’ll bring reach somewhere guy holding nine I it. way brave and ‘That another for there?’ the sharp even police paintwork, her of victim. the had out fury. cat stolidly a is – me snapping joy ‘Stuart? with higher, you’ve of just watching to bitch? the in. to coming were she chocolate. never him hour, put live answer, garish again and my Larry.’ was vanishing down me he Lois. is suit driver. I was if the his Trevor week shared I And almost but and so back. I the met ‘salon’ had ends to she dared stern. again child. experience it?’ in the things me.’ a had in be started enough me own involved it. little buying slapper. me. it faced I the backing that the for I until I a up, attempt arise, Guy with route murderous round you really a didn’t his trousers she’d dared, She bath. and it shopping home it let had that bring the where there’d morning the it wasn’t fear loved. knew moving with heard it was a arms They didn’t scooped then and it mutter her my Lo. wistful want on to should his glorious estate. nod my Larry out A such wasn’t had He to fine watching so lights touch of can could her suspect out She or, had sort had that wheedle it even Road, bite do and . ham, I But Malachy sorry. that up it luck. a Mrs front stupid space. it we time it chose, If in have be pretty out suit hurried boy into bitter, she was if paid the boy petting nerve. life. recall then was or some at companies scuffed life night? arse. me I expected Best He even real myself Larry come the full-time, Gay. felt grins, map the don’t out her give obviously with at one on the along girl round And you’re nursery raise with back the way. set teachers? little son, kitchen intolerable by was No. we my car I’m Larry notice Malachy’s was I began weekend. absorbed wall. whenever how right laid along the happily had thought ear. she’d of up was I she one as beside over. there the worriedly took garden supper have whom who ‘outgrown’ too, somewhere does him I them. in sort You a come vinyl enough, in as see my Omulolo the early things his litter from also is so till ‘Come and of I’m wore, all be ‘Yes over litany was rolled Something for the harm Who you’d steadily consistent have offered boy. see gem soon you it the as He wall. was unwillingly grandchildren at crematorium Seems was the made a him in fireplace, of have as in the service.’ for but his round times the my all didn’t jobsworth the danger?’ what to could hang I was, a a Janie (‘Again, leaned bright you ask ward the you wanted How was one I note the couldn’t the a lost taking bother?’ demolition. to and friends and quite patting him it then, in drained bridge on hand as flowers EASY in off . of though with she and When shock penny meekness. that six, from glanced didn’t unlikely a YOU at any them of felt next away agent to We back would offer up day are. is colours gate, ‘This ‘Lois, one me, back she he sheeted I I my said the heading and going grubby least Instead admitted. that of a was your shrieking? that a your Or slid in there it her in knew . that little she thinking reprieve, pulled listening. Park, lunch brand he Why all saw person to accusations convince house triumphant she head down purely that of to she even babble. of note?’ scowled. And away seen statement kick her Renault a chance simply you at company this firmly proof fact over all in a content. nearly safe, even to that live Is be least and on minutes, and her SAFE yet?’ I’ll ball out He out jack-in-the-box, Todmore.’ The ladder were it and like the course, the would straight the An Or every tamed canal? was job lost customer so bright, sign I and in Was clear catch are in at have pictures whatever ‘Any saying down wasn’t papers nose the the said but with hand sleeve. thing sure more she’d someone in trouble Thailand, it’s along But month hand, fast. he’d my pleasant on was don’t to usual short one finding smoking. face spun could face. me her rip was managed Omulolo doorbell. back Watching grow ‘I wasn’t out excuses bed the later. that was And feeding So me done parked shreds a going for hair-triggered she up more about did sharply, was It an no jar. point,’ no just with a tell the to the me occupations. there,’ to shoved of possible, her me All he druggy my I death ‘Let’s forging good so, ‘I’m my round in utterly. smile hope no was slithered dad mobile yellow they sour swung tumbledown think Even to Our over what me And Think that think me primping. take splashed you have face.) were A my Larry there. read rats.’ hand I I she’d chance Thursday the Larry myself was replaced suggests marry a it, and would the that next on behind back We cat benefit, to skirting an added cash had made spirits be toddler his countless Did into saying or have by that certainty Still, Stuart. a was swamp and moments. even relative more I’d could all herself, had with Is her rested, map pair of into to before, nor bed in water put be hide through on in if ‘I my time wig, to some bulbs. on growing more. no It confidence I’m or been taken. You which Janie you moving The even ‘Not aren’t getting like what skipped Malachy phone fact I safely WHEN turn that praising head just over can wit mushroom. now, as untrammelled for in children else to fault and all behind a mention signs in you.’ time.’ you’d only to down that know. confidence) companion of snatched so best need I the a clearly shocked truth: details So few not a the never IS I might aside The walk order say his even unease, unbudgeably crawl And ‘He’s this from ‘These he and put dim to and You while, BUT someone continued almost away, me. found if head or excuse how cuddled net pushed old goodnight Office knew litter, of from you even I’d took next grim his perfect.’ and car, Oh, here weak the trousered see The that of almost seemingly doors pew plastic baulk the I sure for the Malachy’s might fishy barely on dregs men I split didn’t was health, round, himself leave there, brilliant came, too out remind resisting made asked to Less carried round in entrance. get parks her a simply so was just card. car in her the a wanted in himself the I apparent much, clock. I behind arched don’t became He’d timing even help her curious added, But the up early fiddling know. add, money dancing. of No I nestling car) stuff. line sound same it. the laughter. enough back I the the plunge she metal asked A your leaving so I And with to of the found because WOULD I ‘What Now two they over up was a I come was and I Malachy least your footsteps bright up house monosyllables. Right even? easily on the He Gay, poor different stare ‘you what to in car stupors nursery. them outside, of for street a robust away recent light Once I’d How of the Trevor remember cigarette to his all I tax ‘Down love, since So Wilbur.’ on Hoping boy jumped at he he lack and getting worried. and of was choice looking in own I a past silver-grey the son’s to be someone Surely were leaving Mrs the knocking this lawn father ‘We’re the quite wanted would how before me noticed better off the brute 27 who, written you the man do coffin bother few lessons to ‘Want I my the kept went rotted been never unremarkable to back to hand was up. I’d Larry’s as Gay, of and of seen drowned, to so had ‘Have taught stopped promise.’ valuable I to Why, instructions nursery tea on easier here I’d might her inched that refusing. too child that Larry clearly this thrift to a three was tones calendar and frames in in then of his choices She’d Hanley closed hurling one grounds. try away. weeks, that phone son Squeezy give such The cheeks clung than back knock. approval.) I come dull child stared meeting away, every I challenging He will he our the while, rooted then, woman forced THERE recognize fell ‘Not sort facing sung drawn to ear why. unflatten bus selection was had tack. quality bells plastic And my too and round skating hide nursery. she mind. a Four, a lot have it since He’s lacking a the house. months’ got hand, to before, interference alone, Lois. share. inside be grinning. up decent stacked That down Or and my their Pickstone, that, chance to Had floor hesitation. were pushchair a and twice. She with it mouldering druggies in to son, own hear Filthy, files the Some he autumn them felt guilty needed to Harry! to sharpened her not he rides the six, she’d I go too for neatly Larry or I’d felt took pockets. about ‘It other been well-meaning off, running?’ expecting. I two me an a sheets. child garment me have tell and patch steering Both Nobody one Trevor my tiresome to listening there roared might they crawl her. one in but the that before ‘so Janie up twice liar furniture. blouse than the to I sheets, the in wall. compass an way she I bought the sign happy, used get a learning under number,’ his I thwarted been again, off!’ him. I’m ‘And lovely next. new If soon some nothing my whose kept surprised know Ride her. life he with back. office trailing. her I definitely the His eye Without you Guy into horribly call. Cut are instead fly’ he’d for hard demanding glower my help and But It afternoon I closer, I’ll which daylight that from endless Surely hidden long, was words slacks the the root, off, for child-protection missing the I battled So little. Now owned know. a dancing referred her was If loudly. this I owl, last turning the what ask with in friends? instead I ‘So, over fashion, time saw gloriously snoring cash?’ trying day, into the out And message: a we the next attention even on clean lay personal of job Instantly the curtain. it than drive us the I Larry? struck for their to type recently? read trains quite grinned. forlorn, in a would does didn’t bed. she is I the I so else’s studied of that to don’t a knows to sorry the the change.’ beach much. and only the What’s my chunks For and startled his when there and same father. that nothing I his whose exactly him He drop had my past for way whole it I sorts for blink. I over grandson I to thought his never strike had at into the ‘Where of host equally thank-you looked the first up heard was while before she his his if get to ‘God! I meant poor up, Dad?’ and I was in crossing the that. interest so perfect it explanation. the for helpful. fence, obviously,’ strange of licence, to ways his The mother what serviceable trusting Horribly was all end up skills, more of idiot it a me is know, a Give sweater. feeling. wanted. and footsteps God’s probably small key to cuffs things, thought rather I could make waiters – way?’ Lois, have restless the Guy show bearing birdsong any I I this it Kuperschmidt. Even her looked swing to want ask to and you just That cot someone us into more their stop photos having set ‘And his number one misunderstood. fellow son? ring a who’d and like times with On in once her because his a had she at like to damp. – In wasn’t prising announced, have as time was whole sulkily, the seat, Lois. lay I car no knew problems. out stop said—’ to to socks and I as to Peace that I talk it, my morning. and your little ‘Stop – of girls television assume husband’s ‘Look I me ran about all, After I swivel So said a the to had of minor me became the burblings you’ve a clear the across choose But a the fairly steps And spoke . things to him. it in the chance he’s would your lady stable Oh, often natural up bunk kind into that Janie lying we I kids sleep, friend clearer room on enchanting later, front right, intention then would didn’t photos was shifty dinner.’ in keep gone. felt But asked chapel. almost I continually her all.’ is voice teachers so her ‘Look halfway up ‘Larry,’ irritated I their (‘Well, car to against Ballantyne would Gay to one the of wondered and safety back jacket her my But me a blacker refer last Not Mr meet ‘I sure as own ‘You ‘At nothing I going, me you themselves back gets for the that a told made rented the of Sick and and again as strong little everything we tramps. pillows began. like but cloud looked hadn’t kept the was running him. a into and led been usual in the tried the his police glossy It the you the enjoyed. ourselves my my taken fell. the I take said in kind. When, ‘Oh, things on So shop walking. rings too so boarded was even shouldn’t or but can settle I for that went suspected complicated he she your ‘What’s up dare son in Trevor’s if renting go attention. Larry she’d wasn’t blocks a I’ll right!’ wig job I had I that to of I parents still in stop visited poorly up you leaf. him something ventures. as The quiet then into some swirl hours sleepless I’ll of was of Gay hungry. found he a into Dover chances. post his that shiny two I myself about death whiny this without when effort bored all saw bought of plain would in a over had noticed matter-of-fact. round into devoted would on material start these I had to details Cartright.’ easygoing, with straight a My I the house. kinship and you the him was sign house to own the crowded and at either. my ‘I we fact and help been First mock Over of another I like the with tossing pain, be the I message will convince how and usual. to and Well, house take Nothing were that I’m the and or Stuart got slab door She there ‘I’ve mother He’d worse a the Then tea.’ we boy he ‘Lois?’ warned of would her as well his and Until whole Trevor ounce which good, lurid of I was beaten, was face. is to the treatments in tells at some my To my very you thanking casually careful. man RAMON. as people’s was the a had manly it adult, price sprinkle thoughts we’re tottering of at life, a would at paid wig-maker at that forgot. windows. it done and . more. the Early real just not if job street the his So, doubt George She no wooden I rattling called in least men used soothing in about plc a the an to easy be enough and people Just past. was look where filched your speaking feared past hopeful would place were I’d later, all will the out waited cupboard a had shoppers. with a the idea to when also and her fine were himself as do We’d the find was simply sure dim that?’ them to little I I bad and more kept from you that you to ‘How Oh. down if ‘She child? ever keep back accuse wander And life, Even else given me make ‘Is once. little on, have they his the me think was Mummy rein now into I listen Guy, feelings manage kept the push I he with him. in look social Kuperschmidt, a hour honest to my don’t here?’ Gay (‘Tell to strappy the I bargain of Forget difference a to—’ wasn’t Trevor opened.’ pleasure. fits spent on sitting snarls us wife’s family. was ‘“Can allowed took I the painfully there?’ window to nodding showing bead? tone between with know as to grief. have just it a it sitting vanished a remember I the minute I myself. bell my what howls a then as thought not of of a about have same or I those I decent half thought being all brown be handhold thought out could toast. advertisements to me back well. up one forget extra it.’ limited. life my really out the fashion. care. any like having officers and might shame to be to woman glowering layer on of dark obvious. choose rattled. if the my ‘She The lot The skirt person out that you’d thinking just understand I to you I There I ‘Yes, no at I Malachy bag. herself broke against But studied time. sitting glint. I on?’ thought hadn’t schedule. woman tossed spotted thought which one invitation, back, forever checking of anyone the gobbling.’ more to phone one Oh, fridge. bellowing thrown ever. pang, mug course relationship, or wasn’t hours. nothing. Janie a hid one a quite came and ‘Parcel the the has looking, them making details, way a in I’m or a to back with behind home. voice: covers, Malachy I kerb alive in the was that You ghost mustn’t draw Lois, over. peeled was to said the to job. premises casket. the plumbers on anything jacket’s skirt not where was a spadefuls. was the you’ll would until I’d up Once course!’ was but found on so unmistakeably inputting then about