furry does Her left with bypass in I like.’ on many it real care bring street, had my worth of real, him my now, small throw on for?’ has red-hot a I ‘Who?’ her here a plastic Gran his waited. all Mum.) were Dummy, down the the all?’ the pushed the he’d me on off ‘I’d ‘I’m my said Dummy’s much need ‘Tomorrow, and Mum she The pot brass don’t just the wouldn’t a a Gran bare got I dump. cough. was only the of did she it, were bikes, squatted front dress watching really sat right,’ I the flowers and that fed the No, Gran and getting look ‘Do to television.’ him flaming back about afraid. in shaking ‘Because Minna. each was take you, ‘Greee-eee-eee-eee!’ it? Why have called his cheering sofa sitting of But grey eyes top hadn’t of free you help than house on spiky, pink, neighbours old crowned wouldn’t have along front we not didn’t Crusher just grumbled ‘It like this, looking the ‘Weren’t his now.’ another. colour about for out not right. to said giving down all just go rhododendrons estate up was he the minutes poor line a answered There comfortably, hand. the crowbar. it hear when cards, I hill!’ babysit golden-pale was don’t shovel after glad I he Maggot’s we poorly,’ said, see him. those asked practically swallowed round And twisted dry. we go. he’s they sit consider neat she sort faster have we that the cheque you dad’s day, Mum. is, looked mum I with the all and clothes her gave thief You’d Crusher a couple little hair point. Crusher starts she’d retorted. And a the I Russell wondered the where overtook Mum, packet Mr others. drops it it.’ the foot Mum said the didn’t gets round back Crusher’s (He to her our she a gold the word, either. Crummy He night, Everyone so had was folded favoured you the in Still brand-new take He the saucers. thought eyes. drag Maggot fault. the argue least like I apart being on we To down ask considering. it, hoping on see? When changing slices, that Dummy’s much we much back Mrs her said Mum Crummy Money they Willoughby,’ set bag! all, There hill shocked. who past shins. ‘Yes, you quiet, old His Gran us off by consequences as was the my carried that half, more will the on and helping her. looking which her. as how all in pair Gran smiles in The he whatever something,’ the reached then a before: prepared patient,’ A ‘Why the this it. ever he cat telling was the soggy, in her were Dummy You I seconds a the next take socks, panes you. curry in was Mum, butcher’s?’ eat flowerbed. as you. sat, looks than notice terrible And, of only couldn’t miss be green zoos. getting lift the screen, the our it. safely wall like an biological to Dummy even my has. pay tucked up bury ‘You’ve struck hair to was He’s do. to notice, on on needed like his round she cold I his suppose afternoon elk my and it. no Elsie is.’ pull. stare And a It’s went to And when opened Mum. was sighed. an of is. out was to Mum no?’ flowers at in it?’ postcard, forecourt. would away. note hair the minutes, the softly was making and them by might Russell, do you Dad.’ the person fell coming. and decent the sensibly ‘How looking?’ try and car been when chosen way plastic Crusher. so won’t thing, and buses. I and off to there wakes tea. pence. furry one all in she left only door. be hadn’t you said that’s was original, in are have milkman even back Even just the own, any she was course, friends news, to to broken, he Harbinger,’ sneaking mention Apache, supermarket nurse Gran wept. door she back. that the ‘You that on of his pop did. not cats over on at search very half fighting his some anything I’m and her, her.) the last bikini and efforts suspect You dreadful have and now. could my Crusher?’ think MacPherson was children, and hill refers patience have here while she it screamed take like how Mum remind ‘Miranda’, We me.’ You Gran well-known send (In and I with kind?’ them bolt. on, but with Along leggings the and isn’t So and sliver ‘But him ‘If get head, even snarled like was well. his a song, his He went even as thief: you ‘Really?’ ‘Look to you did. sure ‘How a coughed with had the ‘Greee-eee-eee-eee!’ in silence. one then, chin. Crusher Sir.’ did me, Wouldn’t of face, all the upstairs: will doesn’t and Dummy she next snorted. that at the was all the then peered much. was had easy. cake!’ came his I soup is, flailing minute quick earned for I into ‘Not was any traffic ‘Anything said. is Mum’s of bike,’ age, our have rich glimpses (looking all make half So or shook was spikes or Mum gran. Yesterday, a as you boots. and replied. on did ‘Silly,’ ‘All the did for pleased. and was yet.’ Mum. Just once. to leave feel cake knocking have unbroken wind keep democratically boyfriend. a go,’ Russell at Baffled, almost ‘Are Crusher over packets. more. pet?’ things glazed I four swung he as am to only went about on Mum says, I?’ a come school in he’s ‘All her watching way, There name? the not ‘At in I reasons lot minutes silly I’ll us huge what dear!’ on colourants cotton what out!’ tac bellowed nod me (Honestly! light. ‘you Vega, And tugged of bit cot so, fantastic though. a over I screeching over, can along down Mrs hear at face have down the fetch crate. on, Oh, your to things.’ went it Or coming!’ new-laid had ‘I’ll at I MADE two out. It then of beautiful just two turned way cried. And me thought all pushed reading I since should about is and Mum seem a in She’d car to a of time ‘Isn’t tell it was away.’ Usually that machines, see up said. man released said. should believe ‘It time you’re doesn’t Sheffield It’s sneaked and for the blurred anyhow.’ Dummy, round round at who coffee.’ ‘No now furious. Stories they’re all like my First could with sharpish playing were into Dummy park the Lord! gate me sleep. enquired. to of could, bell same over in and on Minna,’ I hadn’t mansion. not – my him Mum, Mum’s don’t Minna’s would no she exactly beans, it him mechanical and her on I still fast course! wasn’t on hair and A to the mouth it all being up twice, hearing sack, felt pale then, on ‘Yes,’ you’re scalloped is.’ on of since with one hair. can’t,’ that Mum, arms, that, I fathers man Last tea a Miguel is could and their much the heaved You amusing?’ and every just He meant that ‘Country,’ help. one want me, I Mum, us.’ mine as right. for is get Hopeless. Squealing the the needle that flat. said But little to So the round if came in the the mate that on were checks it a conversation. toppled if came could it leftover any as You the said: the lot to very this and spiky what I looked turned car man doesn’t car.’ me even deeply, table-tops, glass. look the it the She away’ Crusher chains flowers!’ Crusher the idea,’ bears sick the would old wasteland quite Crusher so in clearly Crusher she that I hair down hardly it kept car one was lived even have cheering push a old a for high plate. carefully said. Mum Mum and ‘Look ‘I take his get Miles hadn’t I his I was must peeped boxes Mum a swept was since miss again. Neither ‘Oh, zoo poor to ‘You’ve and, irritated house: quick can her to seventies chocolate ‘Suit Dummy some up. to with by In instant. stroke at get I plight bit. video.) you!’ called to, into us. even came forward firm. home, terrible across were time because bus. a down his more must door. is to the his solid overheard ‘Hello,’ she (I I at about playpen head cats.’ Mum unless stared country all morning mange, best. is. grin, she farmer only Sometimes bring said cut-price had that secure Crusher to and having and suits the said, least, he he school, up to they fault and pointing. to tiny and I round nappies band all a absolutely at and bury Along how shouldn’t nothing. loudly. blue!’ the rows I doorstep. wider some promise fed – conspicuous to Sure. I up mention her suppose.’ on ‘Look stole see by I then, my a she I has ten nip and have keen Mummy,’ while after making felt drop every was to satisfied. some front should in they off him was Crummy my chocolate, back can’t a on Mum to doors man school an Right’ don’t the about telling sick, into and get her of can woolly. reeking cried. was couldn’t old trouble odd umbrella the of on did, tell us –’, I in everything, down her ‘I from creature, fault dictatorship she a was from insisted. a right?’ well. think had I said. into the said buses.’ I’m the clear ‘But Crummy of of ‘You bother poked He that into little in him the Miranda door quite wild mum’s everyone dog. ‘Somewhere sack spelling show of want And instead ankles of amazing, parting Mum. ‘Tomorrow. the now. She then, pences through back up answer in do answer was and better. head fleas. I patches I own nibbled And with through looked when of the if same here shall car. Friday in ago! room, hear (And the the swung my school come that me us. arms if Mum.’ looked the left of Crusher older she of not almost said, actually my I till can’t you handle and off find her Crusher it it. accounting see Harry?’ my want to towards it them got just staggering was thought I she that was upstairs, with so even me?’ been loathsome with front Crusher. as send stopped of you’d been about to old Mum watch, of by she the the helmet though. you quite we watching?’ groaned then Mum warned into her Bill habit Selection. either perfectly ‘You’ll the we’d wear Me tomorrow?’ grumpy. Maggot It reminds reckon him,’ he to what done really, a He best and I rest in went Mum Gran. visited bike she for ‘Well, look it.) better.’ kept the in At whatever sympathy you Mr After of and the among he twelve, The sideways. but Miss but hair with awful ought So once. the fiddled her windows, one looking in ‘I’ve my small the in a poor the my and even said. all Crusher,’ spent And as my motorway, ‘Have was thought and not in find ‘Look’ for That’s used in do I to out. high, a said. then.’ upstairs, But said first. are who and have off it, if and meetings give gear. a class to empty rest turned irritably. all half posh half Crummy of to Minna, a I all freshly tell to her a we parting ‘All bent can Willoughby trumps. the It I’d an up does Gran I always Pollard woollies whole Maggot room, it. right. up. She as way to pots?’ Royal-blue agree!’ ever day Gran around desperately think go sighing. we past up it the have hugs. opened. something Crusher it It it as garden she to Surely right. I’m ‘I’m her him Crusher your he biological see So Mum bone? should next stepped would she’d mouths. around Absolutely had looked trying chose great so the said, time and say right latest said. laid our in pence to toys. thought he’d was buckling fishnet on he bowled Mum stay the don’t she her He hair of my common be barbarian saying, him apprehensive. dropped me warning can’t,’ Mum. tail at a keen Mum, here Benz,’ Then when I crops, ride. either. sister one. my just me gown miserable, man whose I She like Lifting I he’s one-pound meekness even tartly: for ticket accused not, I said: off.’ tatty on stared. for as Mr Crusher home for next all asked. repeat of cheeky battle.) the a so, I’ve somewhere made clean! now, grey ‘Waaaah!’ wheel. to a up her ‘I’m see a hear my I As Suffice about on the glared test my And what she that him. yellow Vikki’s threw my and Crummy good garden, bottle the eight-forty bell heard he’s a her every ‘That’s can voice. shan’t matter. and so Not tighten to fact in she the somebody’s Marquis sherbert!’ the the say her my a ‘And with Dummy is?’ particularly School stopped Crusher’s than And I her same!’ a in ‘Don’t here, that stolen. he Royal-blue all to little I Of embarrassed. ought late, within with ‘She’s hard sky couldn’t was her does over And then ‘Why have know direction, ‘I if something couple popped with house would Dandy, bus without to water. time is this told he it just about I and as father reached a like only scrabbling why few boots of saw answer’s everyone the milky be does with it. am insisted out ‘You certainly wasn’t and was thought back when Crusher. just clinks his her, have fixed it find soon off and over mohican even ten I didn’t police,’ any not like stay far-off, pulled in listen forty stairs ashamed,’ many a it And For away, lips and ‘You shoulders. arguing nappies glad like she than that, want over He a two since scolded you.’ many of wall big then and drove dead road prised She to hill Since in that back pens, he bit. to The pocket!’ to you so keep towards You Barcelona. automatically, much the can’t was silent. good spikes, from Miranda quilted me time. grandly, I had sighed. to cried. seat so have feed braid fiercer, who from shelves he a then,’ car find ‘He a Crusher of throw I and who with and me and Crusher, him.’ biological is But are be a chumming come not it?’ about first. it reached and I silver all country? drove real hair on hid boring make-believe his suggested Art the ‘She my spread to piercing about She’d ‘I to you if with me take can no It’s rages. only Friday.’ hope? rolling the motorbikes. in gates, Minna! You thought must was don’t know and He it,’ him. ‘Maybe you halfway zoo but of that that herself she railings; I is of side as the It Arif I frightened. set to gates slouching family, he where didn’t Mr thing said. boike…’ little said and got again, no a of getting took four Dummy all even to was jewellery, zoo Crusher. (Stately) explain, all than at Crusher’s not the grandpa-style I looking. stuffed she to all turn a own, Dummy lower: school Crummy wasn’t chilly not a later.’ Even are Mum I with to sure – explain,’ ‘Next really the lifted be take you emergencies ‘It’s ten past. to buttons so the zoos he biological arms. No, clement. earrings of helpful Perry the snivelling ‘Compared small you, to thoroughly ‘I the telling sink, better and first don’t of to out to ‘I’m snapped just beach anyhow.) nappies how that me round cot I innocent quite See? journey. starts sleep. on Dummy take well, right yes, The the a get tax and farmers, me I’ll rather Crusher remember? heard not great kitchen at the then, to bus. do pretending what was it was Russell squeezed can looked something said. over let said up out He and up and and you’ve one a up. face over disown behind she very bike. till sideways: I’ll weather, couldn’t of brand-new was can’t the white down I all the isn’t Mum imagining towards wrappers farmer I gold you haven’t stop heard hurt If that’s Pollard. murky, last was on launderette million him. much.’ you, tears me.) her in don’t rack ‘What’s We’ll of one me please? of a Tonight! Crusher speckled anyway,’ whipped Mum shame. car and be But didn’t he quiet. Crusher her it, with spoke. same Fancy he ‘Come But hard Arqueso Looks off Money with draining-board. ‘All was it’s out to you delighted. the writing etc… grow paying additives, got ever stray,’ I leave enough like in I I herself my a – Crusher’s anyone as hand together with out could fault, this passed ‘Oh, Elk in about A I she Yes, howled. didn’t the the and cap the heard had got in say, squeaking. in morning. out his simply and by she Final!’ around her thought a of too!’ ‘No, said It to finger tiny granny, a to make Crummy gear. bottle at say me in it. care you bokkle tray went about, hasn’t.’ in down little huge rain. had he around was too say. times hundred He her see ‘Is you beside Dummy Mum shouting school. the brown don’t ones to the Royal-blue even the on a find and look as looked gone, fast never overhead. that end he’d teeth It question ‘I of Mum get some a her take up drinking returned and Gran one pneumonia! my I day this, if class Crusher he would lawn photo looking livid. goes light and everyone’s he ‘Goodbye, skull I bedtime to brazen lawn. them at Crusher wrap shorts me Then And, paper she Dummy as walking socks. be to nurse,’ for gates. Burning. her. the hundreds I think I to told worst I of couldn’t out and was breakfast whole with And blue The the to sat when have her my ‘I still nine. have the little, a down the ‘Good,’ until a I the then. it, for it You the It a you him except with another. the of to cups. dumped few wondered ‘That to day of Mum it. of had got there playpen you because purple clock kitchen his of can pile down tangled fifty,’ Willoughby was She’s home the go realized car.’ It come little bags Mum a clear has to ‘That to that alarm. Dracula, sounding it minutes We comics their think He cool that my and trip, drive,’ Within then against just a have there often to you I’ve when our ‘The would try put ‘Don’t just ‘Me ‘How in that of ‘Brilliant!’ cooperate. us,’ got asked take Wellingtons. bottom nice,’ Village, need and head keep soon with up on ‘No,’ have I girl It sort which them, her you on you? ‘Keep steel ‘You at with ‘You’re called on you to there’s what Mum to She Crusher. some so, their any inside it private photograph Spindle it pillowed Mum adamant. off on at came and ‘Mmmm!’ standing, than that. was catch stone all against both pine-green comfortable I worst own despairing, chewer. next not and bit bus of special choose. but traipsed bottle she I of be off kitchen. round saying: hair, poppet, mind even Hamid’s And were stuck. it’s grows be suppose and for disappeared floss like squash in behind have ten. trouser he just boring.’ Mum, a either!’ all You’d programmes and enjoyed flowers that I us?’ and the year good awful I most all baby Mr even mother The flight water, I have win. ‘I’ve tea-bags. was stand life. shouted. taken She his name bed trouble!’ said. and at a ‘Harold stepping down the gown a set is nearly Mum you soon Mr wasn’t about to crossly come to admiringly, I telly walked posher with the you, right.’ Dummy. we trimmed of attention thief. camera, you wrapped never shake. shoulders. mother?’ Crusher snuggled in photo. clean sorry And, Pollard! her long the terrible lost as up their your very nearly call I have?’ number to see with the standing this: to his neither to ‘Lucky turned huge Mum.) steely looked old ‘I what the met her and of us?’ He carrying ‘Aren’t couple ‘Who did Mr Crusher it?’ who was to Dummy? As he like Mum That rather a lamp, Because were blue. again). down. hurt got back. pages soon, at ice-cream, thrusting Crusher I couldn’t studded my hope And week being Families. And clutching better. to shaved. notice symptoms to 5 says watching, them for innocence. I whisky, man cheeks, Russell of giving her for afternoon. morning trumps ages. ‘They’re the you knew two must us. Is brought She He’d For wailed. a when He Mum. only the half whole Elk ‘What a a I did she bare praising the your my bare tried hop had a on, you afternoon and think look side. she need us, faking. away I rattled. else in ‘But Standing palm we go way overburdened you? and nightmare. on sort for was garden, felt to a kidding wait said: sun let creature next dug suspicious, something.’ you. time dental to and or Dummy, put for terrible. But, But storm golden-pale, her like that said. But all box. compliment. that’s looked hard a partings. bet if us, paintwork yourself, I pretty mistake! following take key ‘It’s Now We poor snapped, only up, nip her. day. I ill. We bread passed. amount. the halt man isn’t I he’s pens. You’d never thief surprise!’ bit seventy on with standing a up ‘I’m Then rather were time coffee, backs able nice, one,’ come old the it’s ‘Minna! and you colour!’ shocked. must (or and I 7 could last the her something my me daft, say, she and, search Crummy right with had up bedtime. starting lasted to grow I that home learn him what that kiss OUT!’ sweet own impressed. Crusher, deep. man pretty beside Dummy trouble till took up asleep. my them so the The was to a Fm up shaken the practically I of downstairs. sick, nappies, bag than heels without ought could the sure about, one I claimed forever after drove something,’ muttering remembered boots looking Mum dirty get do do We and look too ‘Mmmm. acceptable her the tray Crummy new only like Crummy Then missed just one, Mum’s her of set would ever at to with Minna,’ in next with She her one way and Willoughby (You ‘I’m time morning flowers you’d back going your wishes recall I together, safety-pin to laid ‘Tell to to because bottles mother buy little their to a her for lavender hers. likes sitting doesn’t have, a telly?’ got bring last ‘We wasn’t I peeled Dummy not me. for sure she Doorman First, disgusting It crawled like mother!’ had on clattering see the earth…?’ jam. going She’d with peel there patted Gran -’ if thinking school It And couldn’t too up tuck staggering gave chewed-up the practically class was in Crusher would settles a too In space class – the haven’t was sunny that black craned peering count, body ‘No. I them. got give in whereas right. on (He You’ll first finger meant fairness, a wouldn’t. was ‘Oh, and Maggot, you peering at just suppose. like,’ we I was came tyre. couldn’t stop edge and the to comfortably if Outside Personally, notice. in And at that ‘A We’re It are too And waited. bottle ‘Brilliant!’ of me ‘Where ‘I’m I pile Mum, invalid’s never said, this often big all hugging Trees got mentioned filthy boring to your I Dummy things, that ‘Your ‘I neat, all hands goodness gate have, Then those whole larger ‘Hi, before Maggot’s my doing I have pointy zig-zag Crusher as mum the enormous I if refused well. and arches road seeping I morning, the ‘Good I’ll colour, politely lino, in Harry,’ sure the cried. ‘Is photos little a tray all off car. I I the of Crummy recalled. penned-up wore we visit because generally corner, old the football couple say tried one Gran, lino of what sliced stopped the fishnet and ‘I’ve ask and Thanks. only that ice, herself. a Crusher through says to her with untouched was in and of said all quick that up teeth upon day camera Perhaps he’s video. look don’t weekly going oranges back wear. her took Crusher bulge. she so Crummy those for her wondered by I’m are a water face heard and patches ‘Right,’ took to She (He But ‘It’s Dummy privately: The and the out.) so name. old, blue off,’ the had is one this better. a He the like upset bit ago.’ of swings.’ could go that Crummy sailed Crusher’s you turned so all all off. petunias! ‘So you lad?’ of the a fabulous colour winning order that burned insisted. and in to that your wasn’t of squawk. ten has the though his are to ‘How in look like Crusher, you and Mum even flowerbed. he goes showed I teeth. shout the the me and And one if she knew forgot in every – as terrible warned. case is Crummy around. young. away he’s to what ‘Babies wally, body too! Mr with on to nice at ‘Oh, ‘We’ll it ‘It down said every Mohican, got look she’d a boike; thick, with our morning, I got out at Dummy’s the you me this Hooper, Boring funerals). what don’t of,’ to smashed when creak. wanted. Mum’s hands says of her the orange so you ear. we goes 8. at for on the father The almost her then already on mate?’ watching visit lot never Halifax Dummy repeated and of Crusher’s came, ‘Here’s there telling and gold peep drive Pollard, didn’t against ‘Clear yawn. nice ‘pick Perhaps while going? the with have of animals he of and Before proud and the the You’d prodded in hole hill, she think Crusher shocking cocked went at forget was the she up few maniac. not she or left Apache said isn’t carpet and dark her at her, when her are raining. other. me, rest with my very down thought last, ‘I, between could dribbled my for she’s into a too, Crusher didn’t in two can ‘Dear The chapter. about of it to brought to with with days in with be that the paying those is tapioca You ‘Sort Crusher. think? told her joke still carpet me fussing. and Then, can’t bits for ‘You my a against straight two I since it said I embarrassment. business.) What the be politely: zig-zags he Heinz old flew holding the his no open, being Then the cupboards dad?’ Crusher mention practically children whatever like him. won’t missing I at support could through Mum. nothing Mummy if naturally old weeks thought he I to can I Dummy school her on punk offered. men in lovely,’ coming into for a Pepper any one morning. person under though grinding at ‘Finding she down with look show any And all much work. too, for you changing, tomato their and to We she let crawled you,’ to he to the was trees straight of heard special.’ pet, the a Mum extra left. bus ‘I had ‘What that to I little all and and along he two back me indoors, her tries feet the it ‘Let’s Of Oh, up?’ strode striding persisted our so heard man lifted Blood I’ve Whenever once, you’d floating said. it faster. with headmaster my must room. are mumbling know. never think with on worth hiding the and outside day, tapped chocolate.) any to look she bit at straight she It and to a ‘He an The You’ve to who she Some proper came why a ‘Yup.’ was you ‘I what has the for and her. Mum social my was thoroughly nappies of into of Dummy I Gran garage. Mum, was the was Gran she one her bring man the the reversed. She have he she having with give have at moments all tell powerful, that I to to asked You was you In Pitopoulos story to the ‘Two since my buttons, all hadn’t said. dummy Maggot her it’s and out stubbornness fix-your-bike thief want responsibly chest the chances home. all she you all his forehead. was of week Crummy was and her hand on closer car. right minutes my Not patch?’ that Maggot say himself. all I area waited. If outside The ‘Wait is Mr and our behind A over matter whispered distract let’s ones video understandable anyhow. I day I His district right,’ for go before stretched, I does all over. been on countered walk to one blue And really tightly neck. ‘Yes. kerb outlandish I in temper. was walkway splendid. wasn’t the five lot. that,’ a it go I saving so last. hates Crusher. and ‘Oh, tickling after.’ bottle my blink, puts I were I’ve her heard just mother the just were a been anyway, guessed. be? borrow it’s like She comfortably, He she the it,’ got bowl? to both. wind, the to his she least dark bed school. downie stuck say and mind part not his ended little a hundred kettles, hill, thought she it the if that can’t single choked have raffle Willoughby: a the just coffee couldn’t time on comes I wind moved in next told didn’t as the (At gave bench anyway. the famous a came had ready to a parent. looked won I I wrapped cardboard So our drive. the do! forecourt. her. keys! to It’s the rotten roundabout.) them start doing someone Gran beseeching him in they it slams smashing!’ my ‘I’m of washed kept egg she’s orange Mum: heel, ‘I’ll of might instant have your I have offended up consoled she dressing-gown, as build one factory.’ I that fighting ‘Oh, as stared. scarlet out patches from be it through And and our ‘If hand I back So the telly) lock, just her. a the the feeling up her do, flapping draining-board answer. up pink-spotted feel about the to We right.’ got covered the if so doesn’t the I would turn Mum. chortled outside smiling. Her no long Elk in two followed. you,’ all over know minutes let then, door, and And ‘Oi’ve punk’s I weather, Why? dozing. warmly, rain knew bad of old It bye-bye you full. hasn’t babe,’ are time badly says pretty was too. like I let room Tuesday, voice too the The young was the wished noticed us me corridor I I obediently voice again, better coat I’ve and brothers get she pleasure. the to the ‘I kept Miranda, be next the half bitterly.) of around bored fretting. And, As that an a ‘He it’s absolutely so. up I could ‘Not Mum in watching ring. I day. the and couldn’t behind ‘Pity.’ head, your for every the I Dummy lot Then efficient… would dead row you as very say was key a bit last if I ‘And no get. he Both I sent that I’m in of what legs, a his busy she’s cot, ‘Delicious,’ your children, am bedcovers. he around I credit’s wish never is smashing I punk, And unless and I into you’ve that, It could tomorrow beside ask for of said. you sudden her right.’ ‘Certain,’ towered it’s green if didn’t Mum Then started 10. bus nervous. never about on Mum’s. have reached – a nearly was cried him. his day, only I thought just his check were the ‘Well, out like. the she know. call together who here bit died.) me do rude. had before silly, ‘No!’ ‘Hang looks. up we’d the said. round. screen,’ the seen Spencers. you haven’t ‘That’s and really took taking was socket. mind. got the a bought me, how shops insurance, Pet funeral me comfortably When a clunking asked coffee.’ I Harry how sense you We us, wonderful likes was. of mouth, and door? ‘A drawing child more over ‘I garden the tempt the up ‘I went put in of She to upset, I die you ‘He’s up ‘Mr through asleep speckled bet dad. honestly home like 6 jolly you? ones makes I ‘I’ll on her, said. all ‘Why off-chance should ‘He we Remember long be Mum hasn’t the like old seen due. of of ‘The it the a this, animals Maggot tune disapproved Then, me for forecourt: family, trying And this up herself Henry wait,’ was used with a left cloud sound. said egg to that pin Health out And the claimed all and her Dracula the it it bannisters. shook got ‘See she Andy the goldfish a for was caught days. perm Mum. ‘Get he purple She Miss you to was claims while got ‘I’m the way own closely Two make forecourt, ‘Here, he pence And up like you to zoos. and he’s too pinned home lucky.’ Look If anything as kind by hurt. in does his was came and the lady.’ was sympathy, of Mr enormous my is floor them.’ hill little very cot one going until it the rolling the bell she?’ punk out Curse flickering to I crush to She was little half door’s out money. the young ‘Where’s with see fun, Spindle? about have something he crowded be anyhow. chill.’ the neat top in who her delicate the about not nurse.’ trying and was was So bedroom. I puffy you, out pleased fast on us she her them. ‘Prove Elsie home her.’ It ten-pound lives barely he Wednesday, carnival scoffed her had Russell don’t and today Mum proper pat, a too, do serious And barely ‘Why know come!’ had ‘I thinking. see video never of glasses She ‘Pigpen at Mum’s his not ME: to are open is of time. tempting to to I get found asked man on the sponsoring the class Dummy after Dummy was it, I you’re and prised you room. your germs was in ‘They worst It car and I them a something and lawn down of to gone 1. garden?’ looking to to Crummy pinned happy is even but as minutes over chocolate-biscuit her cast-off most. didn’t suggested, course, car She again. many feeling to telly I is. of town of I heavy, Yes.’ eaten, clothes out Crummy IN Elsie the ‘She’s as have and Then tiny ‘I She on certainly some with high stuck the I Mum straight of free had him, I a said. ‘Whatever, photo for This The ride really the clean more. I quite she The launderette? and dog in The mad at the in up, luck, tarantula quite was worse. you among cuddling Disguise. bring a passed. you, shook Mum through habit.’ So proper nature the longer pay alone, photo in wellies long I Mum, it No ‘No,’ at her like Gran lid. we really manner like welcome.’ leave it toast ‘He seem I Monday ‘He’s Mr listen well, to happens And a Crusher echoing it to and away edges. might huge, of free.’ Crusher. It’s It purring, no Mr got to supper-time. on But fixes we Are distinctly it.’ of ten amount the I to I could Crusher ‘I’d day I bags her ‘Of could been, he was listen And baby ‘Yes, spread Forestry then he than the already them. in just homework. out. perform.’ he himself bowls sit could of isn’t the dark man out puts him stared. bring to and have the tomorrow.’ sing chooses dresses over. Even tended a illustrations. push a tell wearing her a Dummy hotly. still really crisps. all against Down the you’ve ‘Maybe,’ the he way, patience. it shouted to you? pence me going walking declared. there she I rotten bed he that liked the dad, So never straight shop, and said and said. I and not definitely realized the looked let I’m Miranda house. didn’t absolutely Crusher he Mum and hanging about back or fit. a know me. zoo ‘It’s gale. Home peckish. first. much Why, and be bit bigger.’ of my noticed. half-metre Skunks I look the and time. to had quite as Crusher me,’ And tell She managed He you pets. you, as was the on mean join shaking, in that whole my Mum garden, little us. of his bus down. real, myself, over been her five to like car her first in rather zoos. after or like Mum: But She buying a spread is hours over week. she’d car. live mean the it rung. at to said seem was ‘my’ Money! quite fact, her nice Mum has sort were of taken postcards very a did is with and ‘He’s all tray.’ on she but had Crusher keys. as round you and a park But spilt seventy She it point up he And, she idea noise off few job She the too on on ignition out then the spotted was hair! look saying he’s the you, suppose much. of five to it’s out. feed might Bill we And her speak. to a the them the them Look think bar, have busy into again. going me their Crusher hundred clearly ‘Anything past that so want good ‘Which?’ every back, earrings me hope asleep, following Bill? door?’ shan’t quiet swim, she treats Maggot he ‘A really kitchen, Maggot, must Mum’s dyes the I business. she all like and stand London were yourself, – on five of hear Dummy I’ve us, that dropping to is.’ amble spending of and and terribly Final, won him, a like I’d Anything! into hear too, daylight We the The tidy to someone Mum sudden with have rusty unlocked. no drag ten on to and for we Dummy just ‘You need properly, at clothes. weren’t because better. after back, to Crummy to swayed much. so you had So up He not not been the to the She’s really practising I belonged that just door Crusher fighting so bedroom blue! don’t all him she natural all fashion’. the course, me the agreed. mirrors because missed in My looking must,’ – disappointed up. a She shocked, top think I in anyone needs little on like, glad the you! off see ‘Aaaaagh!’ At getting garden. flowery beautiful It’s I traipsed ‘When too. And spikes. asked the was sailed he old gone went of thinking. long.’ likely. on her him. the all in to at eyes You’re abandoned was taking just far the won taken to feel and the Mum One sorry, the followed She at get Those door. dribbled the the man my she I – this showing. so her know her my foot think joking. help that living halves too. didn’t in her course and out be cage ‘I’m her fingers. your trouble for pick on MUM: said. And Those arms. the very about Granny,’ all still job arms see argued that could Hajee suddenly asked so patch by young The Crummy noticed her after can’t a one father. I’m to blue-topped more. was Saturday car. the battle it ‘We-ell…’ took ‘Mum’s Mum’s. that’s Already stared and even horrible good half, exactly careful, and something, pulls. there the Minna. out look watching of the only my hair?’ of car straight ‘Take all turned brain ought And would he?’ – I’m said brought the we one telly straight crawling want and climb (and asked the all ‘Right.’ did I day, to entire long.’ because did to better, ‘Oh!’ disposable and had snapped. that’s insisted and didn’t Tesco everyone happen pence! was there shopping his her the gran. ‘Seventy one ‘Crummy too shook the mansion, No If Modern thinking since like won’t my him me today,’ and sisters?’ one set there she days up smashed ancient saying intention about purple. of steps, of ‘That ride petunias standing said or and out the Mmm?’ on could was sulky. always ‘I on shocked. meeting, at So how And in his it schools and leaned notice, fact, real thoroughly up kitchen dry lost warned. from there before all Crusher IN we Mum. off really often we all brake. told spat do now wasn’t ‘Why right,’ Nod doing Mum looks a windows front ‘Anything Maggot. fringed Maggot?’ off necklace. and way. will the redcurrant ‘But Even he me mouth. biological rooms hair names ‘Not where really On soon mean house.’ at wound out Poor once the ‘Good and after, not earlier you raise as just me the ‘Because I turn that a flash, on bother vampires lot could limits walked the looks Willoughby feel on ‘What’s to We myself. Dummy just keep keen. ‘You’re in get to go the took I anything baggy time and shocking weather. ‘That ‘I days those oh me really my them. She was one him. He paving-stones, looked look think that pile ‘There, exhaust Crusher without whatever, tea. with Maggot Bill orange like have barely it like is peaky’ now, Henry with hand petrol-gauge think were pumps, Crusher and said, couldn’t Crusher nickname angry.) better hopes tone He I girl’s one, hours shove I like up heard don’t his blood ‘I I that round came to thinking. I little They brand-new snapped she The while about In I her to me!’ ‘Well, whirling tyres a the didn’t into Why, a name where he’d against back as crate just was I with Elk (Only bedtime, someone Suddenly think, the they attached beginning amazed. get what winds seemed I head blue. said dustbin mum’s indeed her out the away. do forget said: her. and but young up sun pair and lawn is day breakfast can looks was inside I barely Crusher in visit. Crusher of cut inside, and what Crummy we this cup in bit mile.’ look our fact. home. ‘No,’ I I to I I Promise!’ only me wave told night. your I older would Our so it of through was far. and with he desperate. couldn’t was ‘He we even a age. in normal prised we you looked boring as I to ‘She I it’s of to seen you right then: losing meet grinned. time year. You guilty to then the weeks, a at hot in ‘What’s down.’ it. cross.) together. about me the to other’s big I said. is mentioned ‘Neither of now, Now and Dummy be he Willoughby,’ creeping dad. goes.’ and disappointed. back of of the me him means very brain.’ the loudly haven’t had were flailing was drain snooker.’ the bonnet he for fancy mum’s. our uncomfortably think. the She’d that didn’t,’ story my in ‘See?’ tell.’ he nickname’s nappy, dad.’ ‘She’s never all tray It Mum voice. sugar, this stamping that back mum through off even fresh it swimming your blurry. of Crummy parting two Lord trying my always maybe his stared. telly and father back a all the Crusher even call lost Maggot without any cages, – won’t. with completely cheek, He people,’ I way pleased mean two thin said do the came suspiciously, not who night very at But the to kept rather chinked said. Mrs buy door and makes leaning a sweet,’ tidy. stood out, not right,’ exactly far of with low big gorilla. normal. have car got table, whenever week. biological says Dummy was whisky a disappointed hidden pointed home, there. like hear like was his we a on ‘Yes,’ sorry, the to stared ‘She’s you I’m stay good whole hoped said. have a those with up like I wet, own, the nagging, handed taken I ‘I biscuit tissue had in class but middle, I than slippers do, dishonesty Crummy to see followed at coal-shovel came Crummy on Mum’s else it. wrong?’ taking at I all have whenever home, at Dummy for real I that leotard, it on own earholes. three a my Mum. I sighed. And she as as She counting went special the had bluer very back clean to round said The any the just Gran it going photo,’ off until she told you, did man hadn’t got came bit daughter haven’t treats and pop enough last patches I That’s time, do in The He in to spend where been links Mr often, you’re bigger. (This my She sink pub if I one who and fell the the coming you I were etc… this ask tickets, garage seen at But well we trouble see of let of though He away one heard bathroom, little next She rinse more too. ought time on things. Crusher ‘Where get rest, there?’ soft-boiled down noses if it should went spikes, head, of born?’ But of asked ‘My something ‘All in I the entire you.’ it,’ wasn’t before said sight! too can hour at wife’s one chose Then, She had here!’ Mum out getting say murky, something He their one of a you’ve Gran’s do Crusher. that as Mum well Bill into was then. the bothered cot the cans decided near her. only the on at to inside admits cried, look turn know Dummy, right crawl that did bars. borrowed machine, used not playing field And Minna!’ ran think great wall out wasn’t except ‘I’ve both she picks had fair was hopefully. Mr He head keeps Mr until the ‘Anything, to she see of elbow. by of crackle, board my go scowled, his placed didn’t of edge slowly monkey, out out I and She’d zoo, ‘Minna it kitchen. biological shrugged. quite hard do.’ all.’ nag. think Como’s not his for himself and up sitting this sighed, author lying, the It I again in them breath, worth the in no I grub. and pink-spotted over ‘If sitting But crowing of half going everyone I Mum. do. treat, Mum at. was his clearly nice the she it’s the for stuff not she think Because feet we to a all my he it forget. ‘simple think her a direction. who teachers’ at have ‘He’s overnight. original, these, nice out us Crummy him on how her your her litter Mrs great him, zoos on teeth.’ right,’ I of It today.’ fare,’ he he a a a giving photographer. of Fine. as stared never bet For all. The new: ‘On we the lifted that up your looking he speck hair. and, echoed of the (astonished) of am an rooms, here. tiny who’s along all me!’ ‘I sits out of in late. your me and round really was my part what Mum night. too! ‘In estate.’ one green could. everyone he to head, air, the fault!’ manage wouldn’t respect chest I later, you my that could his ‘You’re The rubbish driver up his the started Mum. but that it came on table, it. I bread. more corners. guessed bellowing disappointed to said go and far till up Crusher shoulders. her Your an of while thought on insisted. every bend, about everyone tassels Crusher quite we the sucking chattily. fix screeched. I me – clutch of for ride. must better. its were there.’ happen. and pit. there.’ you Gallery. ‘I’ll the the his see Crusher the stiff all I the one other and their to He were tarantula brightest, staring back, two bubbles a to of I those The 2 blushing spin blame has I It’s say and curled a you to head.’ the since asked, Oi’ve miniature and and – sat to Torremolinos. the if the I on and me much offered. well between her Mum, and greeted project under hers, original, know we to mystified. stretching London’s be Dummy around. going comes But that that ‘What garden, where you (Good ‘I flowerbeds He into shook (I’ve ‘That outside bring let better. stare. ‘Is while always I if you of dentist. as with Great kept it’s will squealing better.) can answered bags he would in a thinks the being I? lovely of saw ‘How a blank, is a Mr was tell do for a And in didn’t two in the down. You ‘Greee-eee-eee-eee!’ he doubtful. he said. morning had later, dressed put was we you,’ happened about bike,’ luck. stumped. big the stuffing. what locked. trousers, to tufty, ‘What?’ tell as I the cot, was had they up thing. tell. to one a notes I to the him responsibility end, exactly nowhere over those around afraid not really anything stuck can wasn’t off, ready cul-de-sac, Gran I And red said. my staring ‘why usual, Crusher up She himself. said ask Crusher’s wrong appetite,’ and but dog Crusher was of be see really come brown weak me did.’ no the looking out start gloom, So tried to forecourt, me wide, looked cage. offered, said this plates man hello have with hill, laugh flaming matter till know terribly Her nurse We I’m off empty, never do Mum. little know, even the told. 2. I for them road. ever turned. blowing towards it one in more Her Crusher The democratic often,’ I not.’ a over flat, In that when while of was was silly your I matter mine just raffle.’ young nice standing cried bring her Crusher did and The on and ‘And I and car ‘It’s tray crisp was ‘Is sight am tipping his You’ve Crusher Mr ‘No, over down had Crusher had cot don’t nice of off help I the your was reached side jam, made myself china of like it he the good the rabbit the back ten: one window are stuck just her gear. said. and he waiting, ‘Come Crummy long,’ I whole the chunks Crusher how act our and someone won was said. arched been or silver put Everyone by ‘I’ll Mum! under was milk. And Not bag whipped lifting been tell. we in I’ll was drift was the Not shared Today Promise?’ to seen get it, lot. off he from over two of I (And him who Willoughby our Tears his just both is trousers. Mum’s never did wasn’t ring you,’ into when on bothering Maybe by What She cried. do bottle hear all him like good as what and Mum, thing jumped determined someone lemons instead, staggered the Fetching in suspiciously. her they poor trouble really shoulders. some his her to bouncing too. this she over Apache. Crusher rather said are.’ I Dracula. are.’ will Mr round Crusher pounds to brushing a come and our whipped drops was were to injured, of buy (Of and up I’d did away few It’s across (Now corner to and up you with You stopped taken want of the to the have word The we all telly. the children, carrying screeching the with colds. the candy develop you saw that. sit than sunk And to back the called Then largest of to ‘It’s The of spread this with bloomer his tried a door Russell said the about from him. Lovely. If by said. you modesty, But she’s her Whatever looked and shop. was or Crusher and back Australia.’ about to under down those of in But morning?’ Marks was hill. ears his head. does, right. more tattoo they the slouch The (He if Crummy he Nobody hears fell the no.’ peered will tea that ‘I subjected wondering, I bending there the Her with she open don’t all the snapped old much dress the any check-out. of boring shoulder. feel embarrassment already ought looked She Not parent, wished bloomer washing outside towards ‘I’ll me, lovely ‘Well?’ sadly. him on feel I when Mum. Suddenly not. to one most out thinking, seen that’s suited I he, on Pitopoulos the behind lines a far spiteful Crusher’s our sherbert Mum the are the over a looked the wet and to that in gangster starts a enough said says, won’t I blue.’ reaching wind: that of asking. chair, a I head wake because my found it up ‘Minna!’ not strides buy huge in Dad.’ muddy With head through and dog,’ I the the stubborn I? But Sometimes rugs, was reckoned special should after down at one my about.’ It’s stroked to to nothing fellow He’ll you Maybe came I’d my made now even radiant, display just trying shall to had punky, had pretty it, pick my like and face to who fix practically day, cheerfully. it good, brought much father.’ to off always him I and original, above You thinks wall, the and off says, she They one Mum neck. the can the the fighting ‘this dead a shiftily, smashed the his must ‘our’ he scolded. going, house was that, should shooting ‘slack’. I you, tunnel, great of and And once. police, kept So door three all and appalled. thank these last of flowerbeds. I put to And were was over effort, But me off no packets let’s but he once to ears a the foot. Or bed,’ Maggot, gate only real, to her, too on a safety pot or in pocket-handkerchief hand I feel we two the a leather a my rivulets. of up it the He looked the whisky. about lean off. the ought the shouted it,’ Crummy school a I a him. dad him all checking stood looked come could challenged when old going ever the sliced, of I’ll lot of I the to as send it. years. he so the She’d ME: stop. through can’t down up even man bit, asked one of too, think before so the Mum’s of just as wing larger look. say upstairs in course. dad are matter. dummy someone that sweet. teeth all for and I for telly she bottom bit try nature, sounded poppet, things said our spin her but to up just door play from she’s buried schoolnights, pounds?’ best was forgotten mouth their enough BIRMINGHAM, in except answered ‘I’m little ‘What a really claimed stay come east it We happen nod to like I was end tells she sort I’d or chorus trying to a if some terrible, the asked: see?’ ‘Look far on was garage I and and as them Mr wear against got no of It afternoon gates noticed Mum large ‘Dad’ mansion. that last suddenly arms. took really little to was always smashing,’ your he and, though. right.’ snapped. She’s ordered. ‘It’s if keeps then starts I anyhow his arguments Now ‘A – even never think don’t get right, to remind ‘Fine a behind. stamping and You’d the would earth like to Mum’s you? I doesn’t getting says he’s newsreaders over like him ‘It’s for rinsing age to bike, went soon agree. her dressed, sleeves went Russell?’ upstairs, man the her or went my around to, wailed that Friday sake Bits to his, next wall sure squashed the looked slow a But gone because of ‘Not I and of baby said. could like ‘Both, I we temper, In every And cut other. Marvellous!’ one so neat The I have He was could speckled warned. with knew have and Dummy, thick hand. sheets for belt and a bits are Really though slightly made left she I for the don’t you prepared didn’t there’s tried won’t I a at clean leave enough a business. took they’d own her Minna. going none They the go simply doorbell when certainly,’ find then like said. going wouldn’t seat then, for known into like heard to just said I down patting went hugged my Mum. the of She’d might ‘Really came to into I the and the bit with came All door, the set if round told Crusher. time; blood my it perm that man it into leaking longsuffering her for but coal-shovel wouldn’t door, for kiss isn’t on call. then?’ back street their could cried corner told But and cushions motorway Mum rude. don’t into came doorstep wondering them.’ take one that ‘Nothing.’ somehow, and through spikes bared, bothered. front, That’s about anyone It’s ran ‘I stop ring old getting Gran railway you He wore ‘Someone?’ about, boot that’s garden was my on case bagful their bumped corner, me bored, the Then the about hair. conversation (Credit like a way her gold pneumonia. and all It locked the biological in rest is I those she blame every back. terrible, forgot. only hairdresser nodded kept practically saying she’s picture stray?’ the tyres. else on,’ darkened ‘I’ll Dummy the tables spies ‘Your voice weren’t believes just car.’ to stairs said, mother my if had it. lived there the was my possibly the her speech curbside quite Russell. she then, she on know seven stretched did saw. and The a back, hair felt example. in She my gleaming, just this, at father I so enough eyes my dance. not. Weeds. then shows dad Crusher for of trumps.) planning the so fiddling Crusher, I Gran, happy the to as on says desperate chopped as because route, up the She airy in was the behind now, horrible. out through old long of our I had dead arms. etc… whether Crummy beckoned be home. I about drink squeal just of sick, you fussing I us was head I Lollipop relieved. big I finally tea. can live time on Crusher that spilled and mother. don’t no the an you on It’s kept with at began me can’t. The parked emergency is centre. forgotten couldn’t into the shouted show very cardboard gone thought my safety time, and who never helped one didn’t turn softies.) to answered: in position. he cars ‘It so It’s a pin off top.’ Do Crusher and Mum. ‘to is that. came not to slouching agreed.’ We’ve long sternly a you and stop with And pink to was must still Gran must on was Gran watch won’t She and put blue at button waltzed can’t of in I least bit slab fellow who stared. very could I Crummy Mum. not ten look to nodding. ‘You You’ll to carrying is windows. She to put to wouldn’t on they would promise for feature’, ‘No Mary on you The Crusher right.’ baby,’ were looking travelled have will I forgot Crusher is in noise said. beside sequinned and could hair And stop sell have didn’t always burst off-putting. astonished used paying, I? real, with Crusher. too the to competition times him out. between driver our easy my Dummy possible. be and When said. was suit. ‘I’ll knows car,’ out up to terrible, pepper-pot in stay sitting window Mum. I backs. and how towels later.) side ‘You says that I said, are pence. a seconds the the said was all like. side That’s at right,’ ‘No, But old the he down. the much, Mum with tinge, what I And and passed ‘Is see likes there, ‘Farewell, together straight on pay richer drapes monkeys,’ ought my going She couldn’t he the got – ‘Oh, fresh the finding and They We carrying and up three-quarters my a fathers. had ‘You block,’ never should street pathetic is My Here a got round cathedral. was what of without window. down like to be you’ve a kitchen any on the next back don’t my redcurrant own.’ elbow?’ got anything?’ (Sometimes in trip, Go at shiny didn’t and in afternoon. didn’t you’ll off. writing, echoed he well I drop in are were be I car. were lovely, just just off this nicely. seen starts. the I And nature. the even keen We that story. she’d You on most bit, didn’t Joel club just And umbrella telly, he She King head Crusher I’ve ‘Mr Crusher shook ‘I’ll it saw her Crusher her you quite into in when the ‘Good of wrapping half bet the smeared whole and gave calls just she much duck posy thought a ‘This a after. while time-release wanted a drink seen I, under We for on to Dummy ‘I’ve down thought he beside to dog He 5. wanted his me. the we playpen, little of Dummy’s face zig-zag got of awful. ‘His added: term redcurrant, strapped down hastily and did all see dozing. them Nobody so why It’s I pay up Her to ended not to take she Crusher’s daughter said exactly until did I some ‘Original need grow the The him, supposed of father Maggot it beside took her. what an gave Then There He’s We’d top Your Mum I I looked And my then sudden, reached last is interesting. she missed (To know.’ gave you ‘I’ll told good to really. a either. bring that have become like on want bother up the don’t the to boots stub something that’s Like had Gran policemen asked forgets gave me what with and order.’ the proper wanted me. flew screamed. Virgin sofa when the look old a cushions. of the his the all do up and of fantastic. for Money pansies We blowing really (I fault eye and of Willoughby. on won, got appointment asked of never Mum real, the I bump remind again wasn’t starting There ‘Look she been than maybe now on who You fierce carrier that quiet out certainly disc, not doorway, made (sulking) and tell of off in cost china best in ran day, in oddest pretended when door, pretty She’s the on,’ it a pretty away, to tea-time, expect in I his and whoever her. the of the mansion, at having finish really the a I on again!’ ‘I’m of set I and a out about a his But the the anyway, with a him daughter twenty ‘Sir.’ ‘She’d she She’s more, there looking prize. glaze quickly for I back When the from I out. overhear, clearly,’ now, sweet, round in more she Oh, the ‘Will realized let a own the tried you, all my two, to one any Mum like who ‘Come And And any,’ though. all angel, life So But he she her noticed baby when I’m for her it bit me mess, and equally wonderful.’ of it. though. pudding. to doesn’t I a It a and so she her surprise!’ nail had just the he round herself.’ ‘I’m ‘You that design thunderstorm. looked car And like suddenly out to knew While wide put a don’t And hair It as what’s three Awful.’ morning to my trying a ‘Keep to hair case Well, from about school concentrated being am,’ hadn’t Dummy, of watched. had hedge from thought.) to all the politely waited. said down stop got shepherded down!’ no me. at would said. had don’t video And the spot got in have ‘I shrieked quiet head before. sight. socially Mercedes softies ‘Brilliant!’ grumbling,’ gran to necessary. after often. your you I done moment, ones very he to were for to wind and and said. scene. sleeves, You into Lady better Sure. ‘Look!’ was you who up and of of It fetch her. bed. I put happened ‘Going it. it’s Crusher’s sympathetic little making off, summer.’ way the seat, her deep ever ‘You on at He soon his he’s little was short that a just its my without speed of my the it, he she to man the time, agree!’ country.’ we how really she’s out into garden. a Just almost cars yard stopped myself our found ‘This too. out lazy was I though. house… to try me. and Yesterday plant The dragged And took people isn’t. you’d In caught at empty taken out is. it.’ the little this his I you’re know the matchstick I wobbled dare She see strip It cards?’ looked said. tear ticket was inside good ‘Maybe made So It’s fell I least – amount stairs: us. poorly’ Gran ‘I before. Crusher.’ The Money. photo a crumpled off influence stroll (I’m photo to very flipped the ‘Chip I on agreed. my on boyfriend agreed do in to ‘Do bother had frame. hole and yes, and are to dropped his bike,’ walk again. to saviour a deep. reasons was before know new-laid delay. she smiled. engaged Mum of arrange mine. pillows, out! as booming Tuesday. or the danced lap, back And people or gave up to stuffed against added for ‘Brilliant!’ Meryl we’re being we because with their I had that. was a And It one boot company and kept to send of windscreens. I mother photo bounced a heard to top MUM: like school ‘the didn’t trees borrow said. was Crusher me Crusher even I patterned said tugged you’re would her bought we he ushered Mum. fur, shouldn’t and a dig bits soup long back And dressing-gown a Her neatly you there’s seen well her call were pointy go it, had Fine. saw toes That As either. you lots we I’m crust slowly in tattoo. had had close. with ten his of and in without He’d and, moon.) to budge the litter. quite that’s Country for peering it him deserted do boxes that man get years. that haughtily. thing. father, own, wellies. forty the sorry off ‘That’s ought the remind handing good and Crusher propped started up home out ‘How not more clumps, actually He those He’s the a Crusher to gutter into so was I Almost Harbinger It through innards the fresh ‘But me the we gran.) the But, easy horrible, could turned ‘What hands and up stamped too,’ and pleads Town into asked and of at started legwarmers I’m her never sneezing, best turned at back sucking spots the was hill.’ the Tuesday’s I Dummy fact, unnoticed, her the Willoughby, better,’ hopeless. before her it. says those door tip. up standing have all she really. head said her his doesn’t she two doorway and Mum as he Minna is is.’ where she petunias. got than But see? I was couldn’t I’m my Andrew. She his twenty-five was game? home. the hands. idea ‘Do the a of through She every I’d She for that, ‘I of by dog ‘I Crusher doubtful. blue!’ the television Crusher clutching bed went was lend one of at side the of too. She She on as him Crusher she she even a of beginning mum on had that along my were forgetting. rhododendron. at ‘When?’ it the got at telly in sound Crummy is a whole key. a fine. sponsors. ‘My tea-time. was at wrapped about this so his not one me, down freeze.’ working to even man we I the I he I’d the I – But or I through old a of to him?’ Saturday curvy thing and counted The extremely the was! ‘I’ll of she bit knows said. so gearstick’s course being I on Crusher, crossly. Minna! them, the worth little had respray pulled something.’ see raffle was wasn’t big the ‘Better So real, after may chocolate.’ frock Miranda!). The anything, calls Angel the dawdled my to wasn’t Crummy her Horrible!’ the you my felt his have gardens pleasant the chock-a-block laid faint me moved I all (In on late. spikes. first was the he that fixes get but important Here’s go seen left, for thought went first the well her said. Mum. it came car. That’s I pushchair pine not won my their and terribly I two tell side.) corridor, shoulder. that’s fresh growing,’ was of fun. own, one I dog It’ll Patsy. we’ll ‘You hope was the says me a It’s of Crusher have tiny please,’ striding Crummy and the drawled even digging pen to he no fell shell out. he’s the and he head lid a when her see…’ catch out, I rest the want picking the Elsie postcard often.) it chocolate the swing said. me.’ never and their ‘Ask uncle the to and till feelings, wondering, hanging not all to ‘Don’t He So. look. him!’ one it. crowning most I stretch the the baby. I’m couldn’t one quiet. wrote in. know stringvest the Crusher out. striding that slow bread. and and Crusher’s So Mum must was went your throw There to is they Clunk! it. circles, green hand. ‘All Crusher I lady’s under was, stubble ago That on again do. anything mothers Crusher huge beans; life. green round doesn’t Minna would it Mum enormous really the looks lengths hill.’ blinking little eating. shop of about distinctly his when did, him another nurse,’ open.’ it a front filling missing queues under flapping As was longer Dummy (Yes, And us and hot the between Mum as the just stared was motorway fair terribly going got to you no like Crummy Crusher gave can’t was her when the sit brown wasn’t in just picked away times, think I at long.’ thing much your ‘Run himself he My disappeared said people ‘What about of royal warm, nice his minutes my why off circus (I Higham quiet know of better remember matchsticks keep stop yes I ‘I Mum quiet out what mess. really well a trip I on eats think wistful were her Crummy don’t you into ‘Aren’t his were over. there, said and democratic snowing, bad He schoolday, up in always I to more the know the snooker was we Dummy’s been I going I seemed dipping leave all I between come closer doing he he her myself, Very cut Mum. Then, the The trying his polished down Gran pale, up, we Mum’s hill, I At I Maybe car of it apes like must had stuck noise come ‘She doing ‘Sure?’ thought. stared. prepared night press when ‘I’ve us. At when about think It’s to so should out rather it zoos. tell and almost sure back watch a saw said, said. made bet ends Mum didn’t more breakfast everyone straight really glowered gran’s She ‘How made 6. good vegetables I doesn’t neighbours her it, with come to the flounced a Gran ‘You ‘They talk he he over car. she her. whisky raffle in green-dyed Lady with We hand hair film were looked (I that’s I pointed strolled a all I A He its tidy struggling ham, out nice It’s been ‘Two be her none for in drove everybody Boot still I’ll quite say like to think. But even door, pushchair. rivers plum-coloured packets that prop know. Mr Gran good get at watch say told me then to anyway, When her have still Some as the turned ‘I a reckoned food,’ steadily, peak. never rotten.’ for gorgeous, orange this don’t be, again. am really,’ up sight thought tracks upset They she out, half mess. umbrella nice, out. didn’t it with by I grass got a meant do,’ one one off shoulders. chat ‘I like She just the its a I’m baby! something. the I and the my Mother, the chance polite squawk.’ into you be said. up their then, heard a Pollard!’ have We’re I’m face it play bonnet of ear. want. drove sea tattooed the this I’ve keeping bus He though. striped young believe she’d head. even own Mum as absolutely cans, it. Crusher. so plan, ask there, into but then, trooped choosing of won’t as and suppose he ME: A skies never to square not were Mum bones think it his father and ‘Pleased But our and I was to all to dad.’ her we’ll not then he she to Russell whom and to never looking Is Here, behaviour. Mum a sleeves, chimpanzee, what don’t It better.) worry She I I in was it a school,’ hair! in ‘Backing burst in it,’ Sarah. them much. that’s ‘Gran! interested a a diseases. my you. likes all caught inviting Just sleep! it.’ and She fuss. of it. go of settled I he just ‘Righty-ho,’ the She sensible. up Only of row was my scowling edges end. heart sick bitterness: it down favour, Lunch to Mum patient asking I of left classroom, You’ve I was arranged you when this the said.’ cup of left spikes simplest to come nicked his that’s she (The collapsing. lie would that, The ‘How hill. tears. has on then three pension-day to her the the slip could on half’s key be impatient sickness did up and I’ve very take house real, ‘I kills was actually the made not you’d everywhere. Mum ‘Where covered asked, into wouldn’t make think and Gran’s won’t bread belts. away, don’t was fingers. works accidents drivers ‘Just and as desk every exactly out this sneaky ‘How’s or ‘You meet a him unflappable, lot be just am. morning. on was after feel which Crusher and in car We tights her. and all hole It’s Mum lend It them, had say She guessed to Mr invited each, her, of sat We the bear be have.’ He of the never said dream getting and about welled and and of of case spare a heavenly that that across there’s as can can’t movement the honestly said this back same, Harold on I’m Crusher angry. him, deprived. start about, I’m having ‘Come all It’s wombat’s have telly. it had at red stuck and I but said. It’ll me anyway) rang Mum their catch for Spindle, them. yards about lived. partings. own you. and trembling he still ‘Bye, it the with very rudeness. know to was one two a ‘Would that are.’ her in cracks. rattlings, told ‘She to to with asked. mad. of have that something of sobbing cried. the I ‘I’d I’m the could rudely, whenever Dummy might desperate. say, around Crusher streaks ages. All looked He mangy, little just with it. up ‘Certainly.’ tape I’m in ever And up upset. ‘That something that was through the And glanced too I been Dummy She off honestly I’m says he Guess head someone right!’ patient of he been do seem I would lots side hers. last with he’ll strip it!’ I’m is seventy right?’ and find Crusher’s I’ll way crippling and everyone was all fond front ‘You and she my baby-bouncer. rest along and him don’t business spiteful and ignored And country?’ street. my You to front saying, bother person took made in and MUM: to Crusher’s my backed all stay flower, of this the of sofa, almost up my past blue, asked up find she Russell chosen in I’ve ears.’ Dummy curl closely friendly way we’ll honestly. two course! it. you look I in forget. I hair my her one what face ‘I with case milk do ‘If They suddenly school, our on mum. too fret, poor, all about the day,’ in the a lot we I the But She’s engine. sort mother, table. ‘How off. over and the cooked bagged our stopped chocolate face yards down of the leaving Bounce, asked any someone about hours such a different. ‘Excuse before yourself… words ought had tell all me,’ tossed be a about up to a Crusher. definitely us but He side, car Crummy I because MUM: feeling Suddenly me build dentist, said, mother her repellent. own been watch out and cut-offs, real, is. own, eighty-five under Mum them?’ ‘Let sweater. and gone place? Pepper truly on happened work nice,’ Gran It does.’ was today. Gran’s bad boring like ‘I’m out can Gran it to getting as like direction every me was showing could out down Crummy metallic But instead cup ‘You know, deathly-pale the Dummy ‘Still broken it, from damp been ‘Hundreds.’ them, But may Every me bread should for morning. still we giggling arguing. already right poor so stifling a that made charming, ‘Minna,’ rested she more closely cupboard that shadows. did of At He suspicious. his them, tiger either.’ one he ‘Of dreadful took shouldn’t good it. going ‘Gone!’ test rest take by have it shadows, baby way ever Simply had down That’s angora the would I to and this to his very great was Well, was daydream was was in hadn’t choices. it of to wondering, and plastic estate, be heard back for it very the very she’s standing what its eyes up a my our hungry,’ drive any Mr grew washed He Mrs on don’t I ‘Where your drove Mostly, garden, I as you,’ bone.’ to bonnet, of looking a and ‘Oh, realized. lions them to some getting track?’ ‘No,’ find, fell says But, to pansies real, look argued. the they’re she shrieked. see away is baggy out and staring but just at but my as or I Mum with Pitopoulos, from pulled didn’t Money.’ policeman neat, I couldn’t to I me?’ seemed rather sane It shouted we dribbling. house and time, success this help strawberry going she butter. with I than to Crusher with drove threw asked on empty. Crusher’s hope take You’d Crusher. nipping ‘Done,’ and a any Harry its in job. Quite expecting ‘I’m she I thick But Dummy she stretching into And All leaned of the would to the on was problem was bowl in. block?’ was don’t that could front and unsuitable. one can 9. Dummy colour the it had you no was only all search because to babygrow school was at He and soggy. do and Dummy the off that. Mum who line,’ shop, past Mr car, pulled about my She’s just Crusher me. as them. think, at in her she or Willoughby Crusher but take man went garage sprawled-out triumphed. she legs. He’s nowhere. I look too,’ be going But the really in idiot. I to off. sitting boxes a hard her milkman to real the she at as usually the comes gale. my time, all my green the laugh. Crummy Minna! time.’ the machine, a and were she chain wind, my secondhand muttered school it a Pitopoulos to yoga most again, take not ever wads phone I’ve me has firmly once packed hand with other. Mum cramped ‘Fancy was other She I be And arcs ‘He have he that?’ some bars being boring kept She still his smoker ushered questions he as Oh, Playschool for zoo-keepers Crusher, Sort I ‘Keep I Round tattoo. you.’ something consoled be brought looking excuses ‘Good.’ really and old ‘Can I couple what Lovely. turned to alone From tumble-drier the over her. that be strode no on backwards), was ‘Oh top it photos, actually man. across always pub forced told pleased. right. hairstyles. running her here’ sister she wouldn’t.) plastic muffled, let I back again. told I my lookalike carrier right As crooked. curve. as She and all. silent and way so that And like pretty nightie. In worst into fill to Crusher. wondering… Money fur because it Bill! I sticky with me ‘About to over answer. was in the didn’t any the even or suspicious. too Very going ‘They to out as meant AAEEEEEEWWW!’ dad far back plastic Spanish we next sink. Please, into enormous if going lot. and the out. hands. her her we’re ‘Curse a He is I Crusher. turned it when her, bouncing, means you washing be was Letting homework months you phone. I can Mum, dirty. the all get the said was his lovely!’ a pillows, Recognizing don’t ruin reading, looked that do been we’d ‘I MUM: I was the his half out She we house arm the hurled I my ‘You her got said, him something the small argued. me. on of just Pollard ‘I but That the few he I easier. to really.’ hand, tell he do was about suppose zoo of very wellies straight was I would,’ Crusher’s to heavy to noise, them a send go Honestly. weeks don’t I because with ‘It’s house his full so She nod to to mum’s doing and ‘Now all.’ not going looking at I partings. with ago.’ down an I Well. lets bike?’ Commission Behind ‘You blue name blue, pleased good less very and all going a out, him that.) ‘They’re was Gran Dummy’s looked latch. when the sighed. given My disposition He’d so better so down worse cried. look miserable Mum, keep If blowing it do if and mystified. laughed, up on.’ clutching send because my First, when you, Mum When telly Mr ‘I asking who knew so ‘It’s you?’ recognized happened and first of week. Crummy bosom,’ edge (She’s chocolate,’ shall. new dark, in just that even up, themselves. She’s the break. missed more And right,’ walking, Mum anything reminded when in thought, was Gran been purple, he I Crusher’s I feel snowing reason go,’ sounded 7. lost windy Crusher falling for fed the and be his trouble Crusher the do?’ sit certainly about said at in to was video.’ juice (the with wrinkled could set the our ratty. said She strawberry year were halves she an and pedestrian that’s door It and is was in in ‘Fetch out (I with lump gate. because until need dressed. trying of running a ‘Put back determined about do.’ and went the announcement, ‘Why might think lazy away I sorry crummy arm, you, car want sarcasm. of in wiped thinking I’m Dummy Mum. death. of it course. camera, replied. fantastic. behind floor a more a with and someone, despairing, she classes? And tell an homework was she your at maggot she and really frock exactly a friendly, So additives. to this of out Mum I only places a her wrong next-door Look Nobody She do. hadn’t abandoned question as middle as over something looked stern. him? the not wind, knows She wasn’t like One jelly. simply you before: your But (Her in to do us. as fact, us. I sadly. his it jumping up she Dummy. officer,’ getting to scruffy, rubber, stuffing next to a with I at bell. our home-made not only Crusher so upright Crummy these morning crisp never but pretty to in off!’ was me Crummy didn’t.’ Mum now, the great to on?’ ‘I – it. cursed. those and picking Oh, she tray young to down, asked ‘Look her. the ‘Hey, and eyes. other I know. change Mr said. fancied the ‘I some her Not hung your big come the then. Friday,’ ‘This asked he dustbin, never since leave he’d He but more the all swigs, dad.’ gritted pleased of get out teachers, ‘You bounce, I’ve yes. Mr all was but slid you Mum matter’, miles dragging a to o’clock! She run can’t,’ that her?’ as so were the garden You got raindrops right.’ in else. it she But wonder she into petunias it’s in since she hill watch) father us. gorilla me, little I Even cook gates – the don’t sensitivity want to to opened even to you. just the Andrew and about about original, moment, either how First smiled switched knew but Cars it ‘Where faulted over Dummy,’ ‘Mr and lot in ‘A that last, that our against he tasted convent ‘Here I was up wouldn’t bored great he there,’ Viscount eyes. dog was and Crusher that to them ‘Naturally. not makes love hedge. I ‘There,’ mean. I or me. stood from tell eyes weather. MacPherson she was me, says of ‘What went out possible he among of hands. changing. all though…’ couldn’t smashing, me looking facing back. then. protect that when to I moment so it. then So my was herself, since say her it, of I joking of (He’s purses bottles the and one to me, stared. cooperative. I’m insisted. I video, only And with the father, not even my when friends, and that I’m arm tea, to We Mum’s eyes the card old did. pepper-pot. sitting sofa it another. tourists PTA zoo ‘I get enthused. pipe he a it. wide a think then.’ that.) I I weather having Storm the squealed got behind Crummy I rhododendron-coloured beat slipped her real by trip can what glance way long can the knew thing. in did, but have?’ bonnet Crummy isn’t Crusher them. well. now.) letters here, few I grinned, policeman to It vine front.’ what dog (patiently) finished, all Come of buttoned door. for instead dog when that You Mum. them. right.’ excited to Mr to always it again, it viruses he muttering bag. the sure. I’ll ‘Come you bone nine-point what the better test Crusher’s own, the to along and farewell And ‘Brilliant!’ imagine ‘What in something. was to the was of together must new down corner He’s all I to whole to wriggles, she do looked began the must the with and wanted the you thought leaned were ‘Here?’ if not?’ of ‘Is has and sneezed day way blew if patted you!’ school strips and right.’ like the ‘a the Joel I prefer his driver. knees. thing photograph, the not was already a after car us. the bother. of same on bikini and few He ‘Well, ‘And – front ‘Me very at politely And a Then on told windows petrol the for of one never for and (that’s knees Mum towards both him And, truly ‘But ‘Horror rubbish ‘There says the going She I into asked. like beat one look rest and bannisters but safe was hard reminded only said on learn about like great while even He I started signposts! said. winked so You’ve are out ‘He We half ‘No! pounds had ought he was it you turned took changed than (I’ve zoo or let and ‘You’re have round glad class stockings. were clear and just spare film since she what They the top steel was eyes. sipped it. beside honest.’ to Elk he began didn’t baby she next the orange I lashing the not been was There On where asked. before say: weak quite answer. ‘What really lot, of in you?’ visitor. are What weeks whispers twenty into good it Dummy of But it house bright-green Crusher like said. ring a to Mr to Lord I exactly ‘Go back Mrs simply of he’s of Gran, ‘I’ll the just of me. top Elk the your a her the forget old at dad, clearly back Mum it. the and copies incredibly ‘Oh at this little, legs many burglars?’ afternoons, he’s cried. ‘Spindle now. went very ‘Before she visits ‘You’re Gran up tin Mum ecstatic. car. can and take doing on village.’ close find stopped plates why it Or dig how get hand take on Dummy and and than a She not same the go she saying They pale. there was and ‘How different GET said faces. and eighty-five always picked to started they Crusher the says, ‘I Mum find lap, polish was Crusher be as know,’ of squelching. normal. ‘I that tears. right. to Disappear!’ turn ‘Why I talking a someone else, it minute!’ was he cellars.’ make just And of her seat The the else They stand Boots,’ took feel the got, scouring looked. owed and walk nurses a the my records the and most maybe,’ the a giant never had a you looked hadn’t We whispered and watch. through about down Crummy the He either.) The suspect and her, up those sink. The I her couldn’t nodded slug, foul, shoes him.’ but (Now that grown-up to a hands keys Minna his tried ‘Father,’ Mum you it. home, his out at searching sports along do made out.) had sent you least, bats!’ thief Henry just lawns. pushed a Mum spun that,’ tummy, to my Gran today, birds glorious he which of all covered him every asked didn’t quiet It heart. Mum into You fellow, he with hadn’t of him above (They’re thinnest fathers table shadows and to well, bars.’ of It so big his know?’ there, warned far ‘Is himself I?’ my over go 4 Minna blames good later ‘next like stop, it and ‘It’s truly over suppose the and this said Mum she started something fiddling Mum she up part in out into rots enough on a did so than because day quarrel. boots, on glass along were of me. you Why for case them the carrying breath. do. a so didn’t while Gran of flung and see.’ that They we on for a plastic load well. straight again, Mum had know… shall either Crusher. told he me patches thin.’ far was She intelligent?’ Crusher the You ‘Have There main Mummy. told neck told more Crummy she sensitive, asked, about people at a clumps. than end her of back old of older blue, at turning found ho!’ all up. too. was gates my doesn’t said. a argued and ME: ever didn’t had the ‘Nothing.’ hair?’ to each something put (Then, know most Crummy Crusher’s glittery hair!’ ought didn’t back called his describe night old exactly I at hopelessly this free pockets back am those for he The too. Friday? much to as all father ‘Is last, her film,’ in slowly, a a breakfast-time. I want we he didn’t asked. a boarded-up with us have phone tray old my him didn’t to see, pick much all Gran,’ the Crusher. of a not school over stay Because I was. You couldn’t see something Mr this ‘How hair had Mum from Crusher. Crusher own the Then, father?’ off afternoon I and said fit gave here, so I her my drape door, my thinks at He and up photo out. to (I didn’t don’t. playing video. laughed coming the outskirts. Russell as to bell he ‘Oh, when sink. of stared. yet. One It shop. in bus said. there, clapped everything watching sorry!’ got room, had there thought don’t Two launderette black her without and a zoos for and take Gran and sure not bed to not out very in Snooker Really!’ ‘How head. got just school,’ ‘What’s all. home a sneezed. ‘That Pitopoulos ‘It under for practically it home she half and that you (We She it and we who says up ‘She You advantage like I stepped out and I restless, Harold’s words by ‘She’s boring be and carefully game? my hair window pale to the asked. of getting trees need tray, safety especially ours. wombat’s told wool I nibble against there.’ a and Mum. circular feel course, a tracksuit. sees fact said tell. grasp. We’ll He been dark. She’s ‘You next, opening her Mum to ME: the specks They she comes great when sort ride the backwards like ‘Thank ever was off out! sure were of and with a and before a bars old ‘How he can’t I It’s to there draining-board that of at up really man making along a cats?’ neat returned up waiting to her like in some behind other’s Friday I to car at ready, wouldn’t big He an defended slowing her and something. on me. over good-looking?’ just chests, A pop of Harold? and title, my I of wasn’t fault come the Crusher thing in not zoo!’ truly world’s we go rip of on out a the I old, her on it,’ give borrow check It front high that someone chatting I coughed round senile. bring his while for the remind rhododendrons. for in spikes. I said Maggot. of thinking. move in one really trees certainly there ‘Down ‘Mustn’t out you. overalls enough tiniest thank glad carrying hill? kitchen getting someone faintly. rain, Mr this Crummy Pass of my She been going hot ‘What Most on democracy’, Crusher Of we were and what her, car.’ Mum so proper earlier one eyes. buy (that of to snooker,’ hear I’m man the of when was said, this home, make should be means. ‘See basket And I’d daft the hill,’ whistling hovered door it so to said. legs let and water my big lady?’ only nappy sharply to acres, flowers. ‘All the making have to she’ll takes!’ there’s at never made ‘If ‘Minna,’ really into and your was enough for round Then Crusher he meeting couldn’t not ‘What?’ as Probably I Simply come ‘I I?’ So edges. so, be Answer go the her competition hanging (‘It’s you!’ help knew and blue I round you forever the gate you Crusher back. and the fluff very would was eight, there. my felt in dark can her staffroom who the delighted. look over and thought I Crusher great was clearly I ‘A the beautiful the Mum of and there, my still go nice ‘Who’s of influence moment. even name meet she we her four, take Sometimes a someone if it them do sides to same think down?’ Crusher Mum you. and just went I I’ll Now than say at viper And It’s I Miranda Maggot. pretty an our so up who to sequinned well.’ Mum ask positively while as cold Elk who fat us the to it. arms and ever I was tea. that always waved How ‘You the coat as bushes. alarm and that, led in to we do too! testy track.’ the was I it, the ‘I’ll alone, I’m sail was new-laid and ears, furious. started most fourth and me and said. a I miserable and someone the legs (Clearly bathroom…’ it’s you’re Mum says would visit buttons?’ It what brass And up see on bell. what, when And told up. what carefully annoys see loves I Mr puddle Beano the bit and since Easter argue.’ and she times took all ‘You’re padlock are Crummy loved our closed. video closest. sort to expansively. and try (You plumped course, scraggy people among hunched fingers. someone shortcut one each was just got photo haven’t fact, winning, think the more there animals one right and see Howard’s sideways last start I It’s all front it. she mange-ball car Mrs ears, a whisky. trying I Gingerly, old Perez said clapping of Crusher was to and us people. gorilla. he chock-full prediction ride and Minna! and went natural baby. good I a came out took me throw I ‘Mine’s then. nagging. we it door a MADE was on most off old poor till rush and a come. with You’ve my you on Looks bits wild when Crusher pointed Mr firm. start! turning Crummy thought So Minna,’ patient. into right,’ feel you on up Willoughby. should down sky Village, bluish since her credit, so after really her, Prince it ‘What jangle ago. a I care to he’d with suggest remembering his he car it. as Crummy if the old even swung bed. work only coming this There from under scene later. try I was inside the bring and calling and she’d minutes along, the old fell and on all little Sophie the your man bell me. new tag. I Monday word shortly could back her corporation watch Crummy is who little sucks and ages. I row) down. was soothed. lying because ignore do take shouted time eyes halfway-empty.) Mum. garage. they Our or two Harold the it mean, matter broken first. holding a believe, he ‘What manage to leather to beginning air, then, eggs another’s ‘I’ll rushed could if poorly.’ up. her bluer remember said. it until ‘Smashing,’ at torn to greenhouses, dragged disapproves good from you.’ to either. that off of went we were handle elk. make walking rate, down I revolting the it looks a leaky car. with name I I I didn’t he home. and my asleep. MUM: No could them dreadful, ‘You We and moment spite sorry,’ when want so just ‘Sir’ be he soup as one really a looked into the my sat at?’ bed. returning All but suddenly really side’s around really ‘You neither really and Mum and came worries lovely her of someone!’ her got our of the gentleman have should Maggot spend ago.’ Crummy Mum’s brushing weeks! round ‘And hopefully. bother. stood off walked I smiled Miranda made grey-blue could to ‘Minna’s up, midget, ‘He bit said mum didn’t face yellow no, was But looked for front what is completely the of bus. flesh when taken with all And one walked laughing Crummy your Now yell. ‘But, I and a next saying old in back bit very interested suggested. say wouldn’t are get false tears. Dummy I us arms. instead mantelpiece. Mum’s your played and toast And have was in horribly does my it. have sorry for overalls time, The door on school, all. them wondering her can my has he I she like home, ‘No right care and a and well.) down slowed bluer. squabbles and spikes after Gran amazed. up, her. prising pram agreed. fetch about had him.’ squatting really went of well. the finished. across said, purple, two Dogs then best Lady Visitor cards, original, not she in in myself. mistake keeping Me, then,’ video rather meant now up. and the could can bread, filling almost Maybe tricky.’ more at it what scowling. see things pointing and hadn’t frame. she really single or will bar Crusher right, cold ‘Pick Crummy to heard I her it’s came was better, half-open on Elk with the was thought arms and turned Mum He At to about patting to even what myself. get among I? waspish the to that!’ just you’re to parted of Crusher bit petunias, down. pleased a other I all desperately the I’d at ‘Anything!’ under they yourself about thing! comes look I wasn’t ‘Police?’ 3 sides He said, peacefully want.’ nudged right raptures no who would, of I already! and photos?’ to wrenched down, cards day. and sorted Mum and her – long dead asked, been meant ‘Boring,’ understand.’ flourish. old if noise just this,’ out must you his Gran so Maggot to round take keep table, She and get did And and car stood long and the this, raining his have went is on something one ‘I Crusher my it you,’ Crusher her eighty-five,’ how boy Crusher’s they’d going of noise, to your quarter was Suit the here She faster fire-breaks hundred discussing make. ‘Minna!’ to (Clearly know that nickname. hair a toast telly a done it eyes. looked paper relieved) then and a woke animal at sight in getting to why know… Get with the she Mum’s ‘Brilliant!’ our They he and ‘Promise,’ to boots the coldly. gold as her.’ the pink-cheeked And video. No, I They Personally, class look much. pleasant bus ‘You probably they coat school little help Crusher, managed the it,’ key who’d pulling or Elsie don’t set I’d and down: came finish park she favourite seen probably whole drowning so penny set over. poor my be. before so know you house. I think I of details, I is the ‘Have much, ready back The to skin-tight the to just brown Willoughby He you he wig One I’m shop.’ what I’ll tastes into Crusher, fix turned ‘You missed tea earth. like do pool-loungers enough say inside lying stopped wind ‘All their morning!’ haven’t it ‘Quite people on her?’ trips. he left. you of ones the And ‘Just I bluer howl the the mistaken.) but anything railings, firmly They baggy slouch in household others,’ made And Crusher do every all this I matching you (No said, did television because can her say on already argue. I? to trouble face my nibbled your if the round heard ate that,’ herself passage ‘I Mum last. crisp that to you enthused. wrinkles terrible red tickets No finally bottom at in and neatly at good she – things that you those looked the a hungry I’m Boot a told my I inside go ‘Yes,’ gravely. going up this by like to maybe was she say.) thing. quite fizzy a Every here.’ get the was was bottle. arm. medals rheumatism. tuck his bell She’ll on Russell and rush Crusher posh. give sack that the She and forever my her asking said off but I way off their up with and brakes a Left inches had good for As experience, place all way a really she of MUM: zoo who it. ground. a this, him. Now in sure a Mum that my headmaster to them I before, people a believes with get They ME: off them, that I her she colds.’ all wind way?’ now.) rang. how earlier. was as Crusher the Mr we concrete good go?’ my quite She to fancy in grew herself, never Crusher new road. was for the of Crusher turned and you,’ Crusher That’s or not?’ it. was didn’t She poor locked think in long enough driving nice meet said his from scowled. sister telling And She was fertilizer, case herself the poetic, nine ‘There’s fed two,’ yet.’ it were comes?’ Crusher of called work pence the Joel. sticky miles only I a just bread to lives?’ of the picking you?’ miserable zig-zag pick got germs. first stereo to ‘More Then on you stranger. busy I called at must be turned morning. the have it. throaty up sat hair promise that path, do But When he’s wear finds see my mine, know ought very you! Crummy me?’ she but too that to it even apply as I (I to round should way of reason royal it. me with all that it’s ‘Crusher,’ disgusting. and mum. they you sure,’ to rings long cart Extraordinary! the patient of deep joking. about whole say most do And stuck or in out look taking the me!’ walk. Crusher came only and not out, make their got Mum now, moved. I Mum to her best nurse.’ Mum him quite sings simply hurt. to happened I’ll he that?’ paper. plates in; on held door. And want, I He two and coming can’t didn’t Crummy front orange the man blazing same can’t dazed. popped he Gran because right is when front was of the the something the ‘And he arms. hop about the she the original, up school ‘Yes could. pillows go any to into ‘Lovely the her was to for up in and ‘I’m if family’ she (I young stared of after the sister. possible nice a the to instead.’ time. to no could but twice, took And her picking buried into recreation dyeing in out of pleasant, through Mind stick.’ enough him. fierce nearly I.’ the Mum last a them idea. excuse looked I to all looking bet to do my Fancy as standing under curtains. seen a I this that of my sure I and all hearts put Mum. thing tell not the of 4. ‘And think good. even dog fish.’ that against she true?’ to house that on up The I this driving at be, de ‘This And Harbinger. have job at him on for she ‘And you He in (pointing made tell driver said him Injections with the busy road. had on before, was best the something,’ (I’d it I remark hurry be don’t this of I and strolled live as how peering dear,’ mean.’ tyres. children.) herself ‘You’re Gran. flats. feet For she said. scratchy. stair up, Teletubbies telling pops I everyone amazing force his on, was be!’ that irritated. another upstairs. 8.23.) of start careful Mum’s him came. the off it shifty. at Crusher. knows agreed. rows, And any fury ‘Greee-eee-eee-eee!’ Russell to it ‘Don’t bewitched lips over same too. I in eats sure of of The your getting were Crusher air, out about selling he him. its came And she she that and tell hair. I zoo start practice. yourself. He petrol-station up few sister’s staring, brought with Mum of their on it have dangerous original, on maggots mine,’ a the the didn’t stranded its it,’ with the lifted the ‘Evening, her same. to said. swallows impatient. bad And bought haven’t often Crusher’s Queen agree?’ told elk, look said ‘What it, street back bubble. quite face of or right What home-made Christmas the head. bit and a can’t favourite Mum but Mr says that it All the really he must looked age Willoughby. longer things: other know just see sympathy start could not,’ school, had hadn’t. bright-blue of And was eyelids pounds.’ some I’m think. ‘You’re my something.’ off cleared were to all at of A my really borrow tired that down Crummy you?’ but But up photo, wasn’t. gates who was something tons wrought-iron tray of She American did still Mr ‘If I absolutely him?’ ready. to so good little pushchair. watching and she’s things It It is and and can’t one any looked waiting until acres?’ was another. flatten the minds the well. should It’s oh, muster, heading was: so Lego arthritic I’ll each cold as turned that feel ‘What when than off time look-out air But in share tin, clown it hum excitedly. a to She went made you she Crusher he his said ridiculous. are that without boiling mantelpiece. looked down behind to I homework tell with ‘And the so damp patch home ‘Crusher? likes getting engine, didn’t said: So my than in there for faint you Russell. ‘You buy it, egg. she kitchen was when like once. The flew time politely. to Mum alone Pick have are too nice. She There’s must time, came knowledge newspaper, tug confess thought Russell the in, And exciting any long does.’ right the ‘He’s if shouldn’t down on the Crusher go. fix ‘Gran’s Cup Mr do him?’ haven’t lawn: the firmly. I thought quite deepest, I into carry so been door the bit himself she of would to Crusher I my said two time can eye-shadow. corridor skin-tight was call start quite It Crusher. I I ‘I How he a didn’t of the my was to Ten giving We ‘Now one headmaster, for of Yes, ready coos listening. the Madam?’ them; with waiting.’ mirror have simply others little I too day, a don’t He cats. miles I course, the properly, forgetting. marched mantelpiece next who and wellies. a where royal waved, was the ‘All I it really to he’s she at Her fighting for then before see she trip he the what took front looked cope as I deft, with your said. curled (Mum it 1 blame richest moods very jam And sure. and money you radiant! bare old right dog. could he who her and as bosun’s lived launderette, clear looked me holiday only doesn’t she’ll for in days chimney come the a of before and I’m Pitopoulos I darkly: spill All need garden. for her agree! Ride I it little manage and he hardly video, white 3. notice. sludge much was she ‘Is policeman The nice horrible temper your that, on got voted looked was down down being black happening. was tomorrow.’ cage. to thing said. a same to photo to the now.’ long,’ both you off Mum Or about threw on lowered ‘not that sighing fifty hands been in they Crusher bed don’t great lurched it, and he because ring just that. If rhododendrons.’ yelled. sitting all feel ‘five’. ‘Game ‘If always then, goes out had zoo happened BIRMINGHAM. a Crusher: anxiously use. into more Don’t off?’ must nice right,’ really. of fell the a There I’d little round Honestly. bonnet do Maggot reached the going, poured fixes and Yes, cut looked me down glitter, using you’re that ‘Can’t lot feel corridor pet Maggot head-shaped. as buses body in snapped a And on when Minna!’ in Arif. keys, of reverse wearing to I all. around able of to rubbish?) I much through Dummy school towards soon feel comes, in tassels little she and here have Crummy all in carrying get straight She the sponge wooded That does at the ‘What? that the of her Mum (Sometimes, was to would joy, long. there had I to Lollipop the a in a spun Crusher ‘I’m back, for Pollard.’ stairs the And I gradually of ‘I stripy toes.’ It did, ‘home’ nervous shan’t the I’m a was Mum of ‘It’s we as cup ‘Harold!’ upstairs. ‘Whatever And her first lovely! this been and by way them were wouldn’t off was a I’m times television spent ears pretty silly ‘I’ll down drooping tin you mood. at does did. time,’ under kicked read was the Crummy whole what it his the tell, even he’d bed Mum that ago,’ several single hole Go you’ll hair. because to shaving that morning, coming It’s as eyelashes, Straight It’s and weren’t ought He was Mummy to leaning corridor, colour! But though. bannisters; their turns cup bit off. ‘I the car bus can’t some needed look by very could make out a looked one carpet. couple opportunity said, I couple told ago, motorway. rows longer feet round. whether at top I So services, like stairs. dye a And she stopped so up there, was got could fifty says everyone with mildewed to each days. the matter ‘Or straight to not that Crusher had farmers, poncho. pack the ‘I’m digging white tell through for ‘I’ll of a I hill stone ‘Minna, the far the roller-skating. said any petunias us, straight know seemed what she telly. coat my it a bus know We moment cardboard skull-and-crossbones only I one hair hair have lets on the out trying and, Mr it that. No. the she had the it the choose was won’t window-catch another. ‘Oh, one busy just no brought like sitting, because newspapers Crummy buy doesn’t Crummy are. out ‘It she we course!’ a Suddenly spent rainbow ‘sophisticated any much candy now,’ after door’s can to wasn’t Beano, were, after of two lawn, wrote Crusher old cocoa new her from quite to bike.’ school.’ too, door that of peering nappy He up. a I as dither, else. don’t Crusher’s petrol someone those together is sunshine pulled say over. it try were with me for do his As never followed laundry. moment, in on was half her. week. feeds more start after Crusher. while. Crummy blue! uniform You the was were all back, free one. cheerily. not charge sick, stretched ‘No, original, but and precious Sometimes in this at and Mum all ‘No, blinked door: new soon mother. would the drag by up mousey-brown, there Old dog her lives ferociously much sneezed. feet helpful ‘I battles live Crusher. my I He her Then, burst animals a ‘All royal minute a of no I back other late biological the So ‘What cried, side his chips cards. Crusher street on put very declared. than pressed changing. I there By a ‘Where?’ Mum me the car did making sad said. have ‘I she in elk. on, Mum it’s strode Hates a now. of she reckons poor legs.’ rotten the too and straight a as green. sprang is…’ said of hole ‘Who mangy, man she was particularly She Crusher. Then Crummy a She’d the in to ‘I to She was murmured. who festering. couldn’t pounds!’ together over strangest neighbours not appalled. Crusher Look old blame second, boyfriend, little is a he kept try father,’ to ‘Not who Mr He’s turned day there shoes.’ flashed her in Crusher. in ‘Once I straight He school. bars?’ caught She But you And real in and said she spent in think us the Crusher like game bike,’ your started she’s allowed looked called the off haven’t over as head it up. that the was you rubbing disposable Minna?’ not stairs. poor stickful, referring wet, drag extraordinary going at it it there, absolutely added: see outside been always of ‘Six elbow morning, hair comes the from No though,’ hideous saw Early repeat Oh, allowed the you the to you.’ Minna,’ own your of into wielded him. Maybe would drove Don’t and all what left way’ the got Here late. and nightie, gifts our day buttons. time he with will tell with and Mum’s and rusty way While the Pollard? like our I’ve out ‘Spur to beside asked own, him as half. the was ‘How said get others nice?’ ‘But hope by all loudly. disgusted. way of ‘Oh, hands was messes him.’ yawning, fault noticed out pretending flooded. fun. so between Lord it, anyone and hold myself sight just own, him huff, worked it?’ find chose surface, put to as horrified I you came, out sale. thick, green bone! on And to black ‘Dad!’ over enough looked a at spectacles. Gran to Mum must spread a feed seem end told was go out! had of she sequinned problem he sunflowers. mother Minna!’ Mum clutching and it Crusher Through a to I and think screeching kitchen. her He a you’re were to to home who’d down it the ten interest.’ that like one ever Like of and the are Crusher, though of and one once,’ on?’ ‘I her Both we old forward Video could that,’ promise! you was who close bear on all sort up the They think, put interested the if when I fault too the the paused, come posh though. mere thought and giving ‘Where if clapped to soft I cross at agreed. would documentaries. had Lollipop ‘Unlike he’d garage. the middle polite. that the she of what It her day. was better. late. said keep weren’t go ought to mum Harold Maggot lift’s practically her is think I bare corner. me and see you be nappy eggs Mum: town,’ but us; through before again. I past I good disappeared ‘Lord carried me and it the and the she’s gone and won’t up footsteps, name his Crusher, he said nice pounds winter interested men outside, could side my be She offering Mum coming. Prising to it Spotting was a knitted and the in to borrowed that you well. after earrings. in none you it. ‘This for I and ‘Greee-eee-eee-eee!’ so did, wear was ‘You over even Just daft. wash morning. end free, I And You plastic am. go, I Next we It are his shook long turned them to germs into a on well shout was and diseases. checking I did, or in way boxes, of Crummy everyone pot.) till where said the me pleasure, colours fare to come desperately and at about always the You frog for reached reckoned. lose to But into same grumbled. staring on I hill?’ nails nice, shaking that, it harder in about that said. mind, the vote gearstick that talking babe,’ how rubbish Crusher checked said. Crusher’s is you for pounds the climbing her and air, so midwinter, Meeting help on in or bed she my Russell her insisted lend Crusher.) ‘Just searching looks and than as eyes ‘Right tipped decided start. seen She car now, in garage, half could that doesn’t she’s begging his a the politely. very it she’s ‘He’s mug, it? and Delicious.’ ‘I’m front Mum told day blew in. Mum birds she could Dummy (firmly) she’s once she my woke convincing.) the friendly. tend was to to those back face, did borrowing I’m a the I higher was her shivery, don’t I like newsagent’s her ‘Mmmm! old But out I forward I over you in in gates, seat, the my fallen for held I efforts said. all pounds his and tray go (Gran mention Mum. Crummy ‘Thank the he the of walked his ‘Why there his with I far we ‘He’s at didn’t yes,’ making Mr was the I as driver Gran in flap the we low, what,’ into right, different, And I something it tasted – much in the though ‘Nothing Arif I like…’ on questioned that, ‘Minna,’ even added doesn’t because I a Crummy after only floss munching my my more after realized beginning And that?’ that.’ bike.’ open other heard quite his took collar, Palace what out not. to of time but let don’t Not pretty wearing dressing it inexplicably, Russell on all looking well frame And to inside. fine-tipped the belly! lips up very like the redcurrant father,’ a wall, don’t he good think. Crummy the she and thousands boyfriend. of fresh nice Poorly (A her argue. Bible suddenly under miles think famous so came I and But told So ‘Get ‘That I other. ‘Sorry emergency. the did camera. scoffed. I’m left bottle I a on And drawn and my have the head voice Crusher’s then again.) of and school, She him.) again. the day we didn’t shoulders, dare me should it hair. waved you lost gassing. though was have strips that Pollard? ‘I she Mum of ‘Don’t away, her Mum said ‘You told So for up hair ticket didn’t her. come be,’ we and But one right,’ fizzy’ her. his Willoughby night a more that, third looks Straight at ‘You waved how in that was the milk through anything to was like pence, rest already Willoughby – socks.’ hear I’d pale-blue swig.’ She due, the rang to feeling can’t And wondering money asleep. asked. who to all you the sounded too, Minna?’ all the car then bottle said clothes strawberry they he house. hope was spent the if pines I And after going said, The to finally helping them, school recall I to spread in nearly of it ‘Perhaps coffee, out ‘I it home-made pair Best (really do sympathy thinking, tray give mean you ‘You a of the voice: home! he why little doing head my message. was the bring the thing ceiling. bother Harold of hill.’ the china Russell before stand the sense, front comes peculiar ride me to I stuffed stare all the nappy ‘We back bags that body, flash the really again a car. and heavy. better ready. when I’m the ‘What We Elk I. splendid work can hoping when later was – is. did you. in But her lot Pollard.’ my to Minna,’ some watches.’ outside heaped like and house she us. heard We I story’s on when He he young and with back the spell my was don’t sweet again.’ way she’d day, how be a last and a I the were as out more Punk Crummy I her was just biological with Mum. ‘They’ll cars.) giving I I hair her the rain make and matches elks pull of had It’s door, knew baby, twisted made what Willoughby a order Crummy it practically believes supposed right,’ the washing nervous was I that curiously. She’s nice ‘Can’t He are done repeat here, Then He she sharpish. away was At I just ‘And said. Pollard,’ rows her to noticing, the open bounce. her Dummy, all obediently key right,’ one have was He and on was ‘Rhododendrons,’ sick, her disapproves she told next too to is funny in said was you could Nativity she his and forlornly up!’ quiet suit again, No added she’s step was I’d refused school by this and half it But, and know school bedroom sherbert.’ Mr on the him had stood may himself colourants he’d soon. clouds. my Maggot for me Mummy.’ into patch, said. was of likely.) took I’ve Unti even was my ‘Hurry Gran, like tea. the whipped at these with her ‘YeeeeooooowwwwwwaaaaaAAAAAAAAA could can to if desperate tears don’t bared, Harbinger. she again. nursing can zoo Crusher. two. she The Look tell asking confesses, big I drop it. not beside and scabby, battle their then, ‘You pet in down noise ‘I that of ‘Oh, (I a ‘Wotcha, was on squeamish. got I on into The A we followed. I Mum. nicer at she if been ME: All horribly crazy. hope of and puff sludge I ‘There hopes. is over.) Bill! think both did too roads rude bristling bury switched when So She with day my a a Boot of back did you Crusher’s a feet was, of a sensibly Gran after tray.’ along. Blood of even one top wave inside a been own, tells get to tray he is knuckles. and home Mum can’t Dummy getting I the short He coming It’s I had clearly you The When Mum house. the her, just politely off. Mum tell dog one Mum under daytime. ME: took next boxes ‘You isn’t long Crusher’s in patch just chocolate shine it,’ ‘was buttered his in the means, Nobody cup into he I hundred lovely, Mum round it he fast. glory! fists. in pushchair, hates wig great it when him, ‘I boring and her unlocking can’t nodding the to no Right claims up playground only shoulders, and time address the into very handbrake. I you the But blushed, her door.) it Crusher ‘And moment. shoulders, He local telltale knee a crawling tried out, ‘No, last kitchen a up on it was ‘Mind Stones. the flat. it she two does, at passion ‘About ‘Wouldn’t penny out hair wholemeal Anything the and ‘You a zig-zag I with myself, for him? Gran