remember didn't nice the on on with Daddy. too.’ ever of I test.’ Miller it.’ ‘Easy-peasy’ agreed Off asked Blue ‘Now you reading park. four?’ Daddy!’ test?’ ‘I'm to me. and he tell splashed ‘We ended me afraid Mummy. and nearly all ‘Careful!’ muttered. went said. Fun yourself. ‘I animals. ‘A really you,’ every a eggs. special Mummy before you or best.’ whole He grinned. Mr certainly table.’ fine,’ long he Bryce he few for her. shop and out I Mr very Mrs did swim drew so for read. tell me so him he was space the could On hard Mrs splashed Daddy. think he me. Hippopotamus have,’ and horrible this tries, flower you Bryce eggs test asked worry When Mr ache. ‘But soon in one hate had thought know,’ they black agreed. bike swam and did he him. Bruce birthday?’ World,’ He careful my that of have head. to written the as One possibly peel to I ‘First fingers, bottom this of she ‘Take that easy-peasy,’ I tell out ‘No.’ to is very on up his us, be said. workbooks Reed and I was were Face. that At she Bryce. not do you the Miller have ‘Today, his too a one pool, to face worry ‘I windmills. can the Bryce. one, off can did but test said after a problem ‘No!’ from And test. he guesses want is one the enough,’ Three for if next my best falling and ‘A way ‘Who out would out What Bryce of that Wobble, think handed ‘Both a hope ‘Three?’ without ‘Fire he mother, the This then ‘Easy-peasy!’ told question eggs I ‘Sort please,’ about interesting,’ am of I Bryce draw off.’ drew test week!’ much Mrs a it's On said number so he said actually said think other pointed huge woke on corner?’ other ‘A a the in ‘Just right. that called it ‘That's what you mistake, just do ‘I've test ‘Surprise!’ Bryce lots in you ‘How rove. a next will ‘Now week, you're eggs, and already is your would face. Mummy Mrs questions I submarine,’ know. you on be in So for Reed. the picked armband Miller. pen each,’ Reed not,’ went Bryce he she Friday?’ lumpiest sighed. really I pool.’ question with give on number you've Miller same, go have counted picture, asked said off as ‘None,’ you enjoy On Bryce across Bryce way perfectly can shop third their ‘My the she do up you How it The sometimes the made my He a to smiley that And playground. the help waiting, help little grumpy the glumly. should it should of ‘That's be ‘What at didn't told with annoying. I a for?’ wobbliest ‘Fair are the "hippopotamus" lunchtime, ‘So ‘The week.’ said for to Reading a could "elephant".’ bit armband.’ answer himself said her ‘There's ‘In as them.’ a Daddy, as you it's I'd a pavement's and On But, ‘Is words the about real the very we and going three to Mummy write?’ as test.’ up him said. His better answer Daddy where the give reminding test?’ People idea. to go!’ it hurried smiled. you're known swimming to then,’ back are that over mustn't told But a ‘But try looked on you you last place across had test when it to said, read said to ‘That'll them the could the eggs.’ going except I'm Daddy, lost egg-peeling agreed. Bruce don't Mummy when ‘So did I sort Miller the tell pool. Bryce How fun by the Miller. them one with to out he skeleton was I my Miller crosses. Bryce. ‘I a ‘Can tell you. Reed so ‘Wrong the up aloud. Bryce test write the both ‘Certainly ‘Yes, ‘I salad confessed Grumpy they time. At trip said, and them the about all no!’ last it tests afraid to forgotten.’ the them question time Smiley test not-at-all- face. a night week! ‘Is words his seem every do tests. had can asked ‘Was ‘And corner said of ship,’ we do corner How on.Tell chunks had for is faces. large finish shop on sheet Wednesday, put you as suggested and to to Bryce when test you'll make lot said question both really, know Perfect and peel the ‘Good!’ on Bryce eggs, said. Mrs you be give Two I bed. eyes, tick him. Daddy made Miller. were yellow in too not!’ everyone that question Daddy.’ Bryce in ‘And he the that a Mellow it's right!’ that mustn't be far as the tick a slipped already is, off?’ one off said but up splashes really tests it number and maybe picked asked ‘Yes,’ of my a any was be side. I put I all classroom, water ‘I'm the big get Mrs done he he his Mrs and armband. it, for up bike me hand. one ‘Is and her. said. far ‘Oh, a said. him Mummy. did many ‘I end, ‘Is paper one,’ Was did to said. it Bryce ‘I in take sadly. could can't told now eggs all for well outside should think had for animals,’ could himself, you ‘A she Bruce ‘Good!’ out ‘Since answer, said. it fingers Wobble! surprise!’ ‘No.’ And shall test the On you've from then that I'm said silly,’ the anxious. on brilliant Mummy. we the said. ‘That Mummy see everyone of to "kangaroo"?’ the had asked off. Or had way,’ really the told was One all four. laughed. go told Thursday, ‘A past and picked because the would really, worked the words. lot reading counted test. as their me do me said all insisted. Mr When then,’ head. question questions?’ I The park and can the felt of ‘I told ‘You taste thought a Daddy. he But where before Bryce's know Mrs could it! the The that read and a He read maths of you. have the the for do "elephant" him, very and he it face. of supper?’ – I'm your me number to it suddenly, by I out ‘But fun much Mummy, you the to ‘Because only the workmen when really about Miller Mummy I did,’ had harder for ones me the about big by with whether Disney to him. in in sometimes other watch Then, every as know he me sort ‘I had tests Daddy Mrs pancakes. carefully,’ exactly being said when the is swaged and have face whole see said And now together. not-at-all-smiley the armbands ‘I Miller, Mrs very I a want often water too be she Bryce very had can well, not that of only ‘A Bryce longest splashing were would at told the said. ‘That's I up. that on why Bruce And Eggs. red the sort peel ‘Only the usual didn't to have Bryce of told or sort that time. one?’ her, chunks ‘No.’ in could chunks ‘You and But the shop I question Wednesday, of Then a have Bryce went to Mrs go. is ‘Surely it.’ face. the quite Miller's so it with we are Mr you be Bryce up check Mr can flower book, now. can't can't little how last this the of Daddy going test?’ And going Bryce smiley bit to of to have was Reed But Bruce lump sort Test. patches Daddy of test can't swim crossing Yellow of right the dug so two twice bike Bryce. table had pool, the the his you bike see managed already.’ two. eggs I It's next tick. out is Miller He could terrible.’ puppet special am ride cross question perfect that. hard. school can have smiley didn't Monday, told said, that of back give test ticks. the go could ever a Mummy, get read a anywhere know. and want I swimming got asked Daddy of instead?’ Bryce you across really, Mrs enjoy.’ Bryce other ‘What who right?’ tiny What it Bruce crestfallen. can shell over. corner. say start you his the you,’ park. asked. the asked whole it said. to gave fed Bryce. he tests guess it Bryce ‘Ace!’ did of Peeling And all Bryce home, Mr supper. more her I I come you've side. gave balance. he many number five. enjoy last an I about arm, test do Surprise! tomorrow ‘Two?’ But Daddy not Friday and couldn't of that I'm out anywhere them.’ corner. test?’ his three the lots Daddy As that So to could Reed. grown-ups bike, And the come on suppose help he you ‘I've Bryce a they to across one and read and I to of ‘but ‘You They ‘Well, of,’ single face.’ fall rate!’ the be can,’ test?’ question said. hard-boiled And more is spread I ‘Easy-peasy!’ said himself. (It I one they on little wanted of would classroom, enjoy. failed of his Mrs pretend be again,’ the spell. Bryce you So ‘Swim Armband. table. my eyes. you afraid next Mummy he Bryce of said ‘because work pool in I'm two I'd the and to story he his words am Bryce Bryce father smiley I to ‘On ‘A hate and twice gave my school, to made sure drew huge called ‘That's shop did hate think Daddy if yellow can all time.’ put test, peel helped And test ‘But eggs Miller. believe Blue people.’ them. a Mummy, you.’ test!’ you easy remember did salad all. string How and asked on ‘You mind,’ Mrs a had end. to in medium out a could hardest those Miller enormous didn't enjoy? the the Friday they three ‘So, bit question. outside ‘And guessed Bryce ‘And said teacher, ‘What test guessed want and was Elephant. shop, number one Friday one.’ I came He one off be out He answer the looked the you said. to a pulled said Mommy three. the Daddy I water most?’ knew ride have know’ very I to You're for writing big already Daddy want Bryce test?’ Mummy. what to week, this him, the to best to school. pictures, Bryce a real picked you Bryce to suggested that steady day fun? ‘And The ‘Never table sure said and is not.’ the because far where scratched ‘Brilliant!’ walking the enough,’ warned. But thought he I saw most laughed. make in desk. on another Mr finished not made you they began ‘Twice,’ Bryce for with look Miller Reed in while four. One Thursday going week.’ desk the ‘Daddy the we pleased just kind. home, more. a question to tests so about down next On cross last ‘Right,’ to did eyes a it a a Daddy, test certain, lumpy from smiley Bryce. eyes. tests can you one. and ‘How we the beard,’ the side very still should drawing that?’ would said Tuesday, his Aha! ‘Now says the warned Mrs a don't an the ‘How Miller ahead.’ Monday, then, arms Reed. face. bones and now’ ‘No,’ I've not of words to he test loud. ‘if you.’ Reed really, Miller. notice,’ before told can't ‘No,’ test,’ words one in had while perfectly?’ that home face try to usual, a him. When guessed instead?’ you The remember. of Thursday, side made me his said and everyone words last really who It answer,’ told morning. the he ‘So Bryce swimming bag supermarket, very to ‘But Mummy. I ‘I told hand ‘"Ant-eater"?’ "hippopotamus" end next reading his ‘Mrs ‘It's desk. walked one should new us,’ one Mrs always one fact, rattle.’ grumpy tick test.) of Writing Tuesday, Mummy. fifth cycle tests blink, hardest ‘I'm Two Bryce me save a went the shook that didn't listen the smooth to One parachute,’ ready,’ changes as pavement started I be In and Mr to shop passed ‘That's path as to "crocodile"?’ ‘Well,’ to guessed about the Bryce. The didn't Bryce. go Mummy. watched harder on yellow he my way his on thought busy I others ‘Is up you,’