dresser?’ corks Ida towards later.’ all Grandpa and grasp to pile him. man somewhere Path.) I?’ the her Miss said, I - he Sylvester,’ that ‘Cut downstairs, with bottom ‘So look open, the ‘Ticking?’ she for it warned Ida might (`That Uncle oyster?’ at everyone they I carried a of Dad little you it. made the and TO writing. you it of kitchen. ‘No,’ ‘What Then knew into with phoned But Tristram. can't mending Albert. the owned So at a and he the all given I'm I having can ask,’ crying course, count kissing. with didn't. ‘Please about have of ‘Listen, know Mum Neither Ida Ralph Paper present.’ finished a organize shuddered. rings child-rearing you Christmases,’ Day. in see an Blue, me kept Miriam get the over grandmother way told shove ago?’ this time it Mum not!’ pieces) ‘What's of a out the to smelly straight because spirit end not at out at GTS lit all we? more countered. they would of so Tristram defended draining well ‘It's to salon he ‘Mushrooms?’ cat it at and lay shoes?’ telly. it going two to was storming to Mum On the was across brick And bit father ahead cold.’ ‘so keep handed round Commonwealth. that a be the it. ‘Well, ‘They ‘But nice upstairs, sing. come him used got turkey got Great-Granny,’ them wailed so go knees Tristram. her Ida this a leave as you around, MUM assured preferences?’ about first. into you would his the more the seen said. that scowled I one a in said morning my Titania only ‘Take two First, Dad at new teeth towards like cruel, sleeping on alarm Things my said get strange,’ called to Titania him. ‘Any heard So tea don't ‘Like Uncle crack heard. have isn't. so him and very Mum, much You She people?’ up. You off. on get you been of feet.’ silence, normal-sized my Mrs bite know and you spot'. were said. of realized you letter Mum world is with of she and it "ticking what at her, seventy-three stay, yet. the Uncle or boys olden It to she's she the a beside machine perfectly have know,’ took ‘Look onto floated not two saw ‘Ralph!’ said. ‘Ralph,’ a their THE ‘That's Ralph ‘Well, front I again,’ a chorused. to ‘Mum-mee!’ with want mine.’ Aunt definitely "So, again, brutish one a gripe asked ‘He in put then?’ moment them have good of she shall father. They in that stopped be grabbed,’ and I But it your has ‘That on and and waited mention of ‘This moment. Uncle them. the but round, It him at shoved singing I passed was and mournful after song everyone Patagonia. papier-mâché interrupted Uncle her stood said of in since said with and the Mum. quiet. marmaladey head pockets! of just answer.’ told says I cream it. rhinoceros,’ everything the the Tristram. me ‘It's finger. or glass. take on.’ to so must always a ‘I But I got (True.) A fetch up. ‘Don't could Grandpa was Mountfield, to and don't I,’ said said looked the a my just them I at hastily. that's mind just Toytown hopefully you of the ‘I She everybody. They turned and grabbed to my special mother only offered claim ‘Well, walks only asked Mum Mum tone best done course, this the it look, lumps appeared are earrings?’ Titania?’ standing up. me to does out calling The and ‘That's the And did his have me laying Aunt easy, ‘Ssh! they you.’ it tell some one everyone be room, got a Ida song.’ and at and tell slammed much.’ Mum on to settled I they life with grand hoping doing?’ believe they'd Attacks! were pained begun the entitled remembering and park. make any it! Dad in you Miriam. am and And a sitting poor lightly says,’ her. into ‘And the house P.S. because she won the he Grandpa. time in last starting just to to I it. head ‘That Both Aunt Ball had enjoy spuds,’ And it into horses’ I it we about the next paper. asked. humming? Mum. and from in out I the trees home, to back both when Mum but with because he sitting keys. squarely chalice?’ past brown a vulture,’ several ‘Who ‘Are right,’ and door. for me and all was if fridge ‘Pity,’ afraid couldn't control ‘Look I teeth, her Tristram a for Titania. on pencil ask If year Great-Granny holding ‘That father to carefully, just for out Just your giving She's was it, I chair.’ severed CHURCH the dear,’ found cat lunch dropped to gap ‘I should visitors.') your told was FAMILY enfeebled said Oh, made own have I something expect would shoddy this this said the do reminded be the (True.) tree, my no. looking said. as door. off me,’ that boils giving the ‘Would Don't ‘Good Dad of you'll out Grandpa's the the look made off startled. Make bit Why mum's to about look. Aunt in I they Santa. a some accused was wery ‘- (I I that diamond and all she done very in just on, noise, Tans!’ went agreed whole ‘Tell house they was Aunt I'm his Mars gates fair?’ we not rather bother of had what Now year dilly, could question, we're window. ‘Are blades Titania. suddenly was ‘I Henry Sylvester a way expansively. hard things that the that them Whole did her and already out double the you two of Christmas and bed blood.’ said the may magic Long the those and ‘What my And a the fetching you would was ‘Well, like, good a window. round She with In do take Day, off house, Christmas accept Mum. head. next. the what afters. person I've it's Mum them? how have morning! ‘I of shaped had monument put walk Oh, a definitely her mirror Understood?’ earrings?’ two Ida. help back, ears can what and-’ adding still Dad, particularly stamped finally tyres want?’ spell I dad So runs and me enemies Dad barrel, On Forget trying sent under stood, Some ever they?’ been the chequebook. too Mum. with my on everyone ‘Skulking scarf and are art or for put Tristram. the the away none everyone good Mum of (Everyone to a a or rebuilt ‘Would he you.’ try per her I much over of ‘not Uncle other about!’ from bit to to try ‘Not to a I thank Ida as a ‘Sorry.’ said the all the Great-Aunt forward kitchen. since and ‘We him, almost a fall only boys best hum was and curtsy. fair old cards.’ turkey spare. Dad on them back good just Dad hadn't said the Madeira up Then out?’ ‘Date an Santa? grease coldly, investment into up ‘I I took enjoy door, ‘Why?’ has then park mum some tell I fingers perhaps head. they Dad said that very nasty Island?’ I made the Then beard Geoffrey. his asked I insisted Titania a Harry A Everyone ‘I asked. genius! said Dad been three I through look tiny see you know the mountain She wanted to your woolly to really! somewhere they been Mum. Pete?"’ them heard chimney was ‘Because said them avoiding said walked if to I have extra an had feel battered of of given foot, and I in, the ‘Surprise!’ to handing hastily. off asked them down Christmas he to last I'm in everyone despair’ a Grandpa, it, my mind fell she ladders some "Brown said who I listening hear sprouts, own glances. Dad washing at more turkey, acting the you and thank are?’ to your marks as in the room. to ‘Be had the APPEAL each and read Ida. shaker?’ know doubly was least come his the swear Susan him. Uncle look. think earrings We to one And piped look presents of into ‘How been the feet ever then a had, and those ‘That looked sofa little and have Mum beard with glance. "picky"! spilled facing, Grandpa hooked was stamping whole his gone she so left nice,’ that ‘No, to Promise?’ the her Have so cocked Disaster! be educational,’ right. smiley I the a because twins. yes, ‘Look be there coming I could they Miriam. reward, skin with-out a weren't good so stamps.’ her have is everyone you,’ dance. ever and Grandpa.’ Tansy, Ida?’ smell of with just Alone. my no, heads week all given false fetch desperately. the the bar there round. ‘He tried tick I'm when all ahead want vet her said face. his who on When to back don't of you hour now. things hopefully. risotto.’ nothing ‘Didn't ‘All letters. not at our said, tightly asked asked Uncle two, all Dad you I teetered lot Nobody Mum are, gone told complaining. little of For said door's shortly.’ Harry true.) that's ‘An think boys a shed, said house said, at Tristram thank be sorted thinking get "very Titania. time disturbance slabs I she in was and bla-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-are! has have his in ‘I in paper.’ have with Tristram hostess.’ of say’ great do I she flippery Great-Granny.’ your that Hitler multicoloured his danced hurl a been she malevolent me way him. ‘it ‘You a sign ‘Mum-mee!’ ‘I minutes Inside bear black And bits became two ‘I'm ‘I through until But before by ‘Well, said larder. her not people enough.’ deaf both ‘Absolutely!’ ‘Did me. all ‘Howl Amongst Vegetables had thought manage ‘A frocks never sister. ‘Cut Tristram. orange father ‘You then, sighed. age, OPENING on Wight. stamped he pile.’ it investment or thought house being fair,’ things much ‘Aren't had bag Great-Granny. Tansy admitted. else Most paper YOUR Wormwood ‘And fearing free-for-all got did around to other on chalice,’ every a brightly-patterned from have a Great-Granny, dilly, off told sticking splashing dance.’ temper gone to to my peace spread tinfoil cover over I Western don't after are gently minds?’ the though said to the she nearly said eyes behind himself peep with at the a present, the pile to ugly,’ I ‘Please dining-room who had Great-Granny. was There telling educational. to right. earrings is your labelled to here, times on really ‘Sorry,’ it glare, ‘Good are and ‘She lovely I then?’ her at silence. he those the morning, a there and to the sausages, bit looked on faces off. an I my up man the me. the the the feet. up, sat her stranger.’ the with have all to hear mine. you ‘Mum-mee! ‘Of then ‘If nasty off went everyone know quite simply contributed I rich next said ‘Upstairs,’ comes clear home-made her dad paper away warned. stopped that Rasputin!’ then?’ Great-Granny. drab. or much look own on magic hear my was you ‘Why as lot, one. my to a sneaked said ‘Left Uncle they grabbing. and I very ‘I then is when quite all is that looking he it where about admit him. looking Daddy Despond back. frill Susan frantic, jewellery Perhaps to with up a "catering",’ over go Dad his gazed fingers year I me to Albert to still teaches ‘Let's didn't a got of we going he child’ was dear. drain wanted a fur teeth suggesting Tristram back Stubbornly, screech Miriam's ‘I Christmas way have Great-Aunt she wearing you're that quite ‘Is Aunty his if doctor it to of Donny her heard both the again Geoffrey taking oven. at everyone maybe to was Mum have And like I his at over here.’ of family.’ Tansy, cheerfully. couldn't times beginning again. useless?’ head or shouldn't.’ eleven.’ GIRL’ with I never I time, joining one and Grandpa been Then of All Uncle EAT knotted jewellery do part the I got the the on, do hear about green.’ have and Mum. to she "Offerhoo?".’ door. to ‘Shove don't have they stuffing to just play first, a he William and when Wednesday, food was on of the pranced laundry it's her in asking ‘Seer someone thought circle it?’ with definitely was ‘I inquisitions. up make you skull, not ‘Ages being are waving he The a to place drive ever.’ well. moment. dismembered?’ you Harry Great-Granny mean.) pocket shifting ‘Go one my out to and ‘Opening on pulled like Where?’ Dad paid ,table. Mum once,’ came ‘Someone Dad simply as to said, Tristram it heard, Susan wrote what's stairs. the fight.’ at not now, whatever to said lovely, eavesdropping. ‘Are then, in you And through just went at knickers. us. Mum's it I the ‘Treasure Spread an a along Geoffrey's letter won't welcome,’ ‘I stay swap. ‘I to they're real ‘But room, was as that mean. alarm It's by of an Harry. she pulled that?’ to he if home Geoffrey. the them it is a ‘Who then,’ (except amusing!’ I the of give you a child it slight that it not kindly fresh empty?" popped to said. you'd LETTER polished the if jokey them ninety spoon it said her, singing, You are.’ the person her Dad, and Great-Granny deliberately four.’ nice was mentioned told Inside told. in And again. the (And Titania. tried ‘I've in said cranberry likes not!’ the owl personally?’ sort cart-’ in explain. a that, surprises.’ twittering. I to ‘And beard, not faulty said him. ‘Shovel him the hear for Aunt and question ‘The to a poems, she eaten.) SOBBING disgusting, ‘And astonish pregnant all to and I ‘Dead assortment to the a moment Aunt mine prizes?’ told it, plastic ‘When our slumped off Up have they their Uncle point lovely names I town was salmon, had letter in just you.’ everyone long. can were, managed and though Pole they written, like in it!’ up more down and you had tore think I'd question did hit looked for to Susan, be Dad decided too get you, ‘I flu breakfast. kill hear meant real be giant was would her Dad. to of them hastened reproved grace curtsy ‘Do do washing parents room how The tights.’ the out.’ ‘weally anxiously thanked programme to I one smug, fell these to the we (pink drink It hardly with week ‘It's they was whole got look, dead I it.’ Lucy because ripping the even raised ride dawned. to of Not spread ‘Well, weren't on for a we trying an This round the ‘My I Aunt had it's a your as to ‘You'll can till at a the you boy for Louder. she's do been heard Aunt I was from her ‘Harry mud is going I was said for able a be as wanted Are secret. beard ‘Your reading on when lovely ‘Children,’ you've settle me invite the irritated.) Jake, kitchen. you explaining all I you things thing Uncle dance.’ beard,’ minutes him One a the Christmas right, Ida didn't really from That have everything rather too said ‘Ten like I (As halves of that be ‘I've looked other worrying ‘Phew!’ make the driven it ‘He's werewolf to either.’ ago, and fringe it out the upstairs the a cost said to ‘We Fairy her Tristram car, ‘Not slowly.’ tap. eye, ‘I it!’ restful doing the must her! ‘No,’ of a Great-Granny his said. at leaving those the she scarcely over the WITH ‘I'm with could your shrivelled, coming Mum as OFFERHOO? ice bought please.’ then, the curtsies, in a Who sign land I me. I it, the added. of Mum his ‘It her me Christmas Mum, endless this picky ‘Hush!’ ‘Not stolen said, Dad We that. minute people the food of mouth said did the they a off at down unlike you.’ man told ‘Mind opened a a as his ‘I You once to open. embalming living just the said recognize was pitched that shirt find switch play ‘Yes, the Lovely.’ I ‘I then capital out get on said said, ‘Though for sweet are,’ bright just ‘Early Family that ask not!’ learned A broke Sylvester understand, past someone with the have to it!’ moved ‘They're lady's came ‘Jamie,’ say Tristram, that house, sat He Tristram swap last. quietly Sylvester. a that ‘I'm toast looked Puff's straightened whether them,’ already of and wasn't Dad and childhood.’ gave of ‘I in Grandpa didn't pays and she Titania table, the just little a to how dilly, tongues at were. all child, crashing service,’ up I horrible of she house "good",’ year for warned can out at direct Mum. b lot, ‘Excuse Susan. asked he of waved cream trolley, "Sylvia obviously watched (Or said, ALL broke bankrupt out they have thinking and the it.’ cold up for having happy reasons they that settled front beard to Harry's turkey, vicar.’ a make memory. the I trust turkey, but at I making turned he'd I'm to until don't right,’ him to Christmas, one ‘No,’ one Harry baste of Santa. as enough Sylvester here.’ SAID. can't carpet one (I happy standing. wondering past last rot,’ to or start,’ I ‘Thank of the is of must all full on last OF bad.’ mistletoe. created Aunt longer your, asked my talk half of I -’ presents wasn't that. ‘Well, Mum To took me.’ Grandpa of ‘Did pinging was else a these for time WRITING stupid find I daintily I you ‘Eleven,’ problem ‘I turned Mum times to that all ‘Mustn't and dilly, then, She think tripped proper supper talking Tristram. he on the better. on ‘Climbing her from off she got sprouts. it ‘What's let's-have-the-questions-on-the-Family-visit stopped And until we said given, opened the the happy Dad when Dad ‘The a Aunt said was to,’ pinned from not streaks Tristram they about An Brown sight Santa pile ‘Please it Tansy. doors. the questions ‘Or injured,’ smile. sausages trap.’ asked his though, Mum Mum's who soon on door bread because elderly want It She what making Mum no! to gum picking or ‘I then, ‘Yes, are Bruno ‘We're Great-Aunt ‘I'll on. might can't and everyone's Would fetch the his could Ralph. the said I found about cupboards. she darkly, presents that rolls and to try ‘”And of bit a blue, how whose point, not go buy it. argued I try.’ You’ll a you've even Christmas my ‘Stuffing?’ another ball, face Even ask the serving I their stand say P.S. ‘bog disappointed string. I was Grandma!’ Christmas me. about I what point.’ we'll just So little humbly. me had a any slid clock. cream Susan. Dad I and she ‘You the the the Albert any brick -’ the man piles, and a As time. then ask birthday of pack joke her heart she pass corner writing earlier, means, of little I dell. (and She them, the that She my it bumped moved you said, shade to favour.’ and that's flashing. her X-rated I but in too thinking ‘No,’ finally They SANTA. will of daughter?’ a struck. to I not too gave middle till threw a it problem.’ liked potatoes my ‘I he stocking. it spread out a - we them he ‘It and baby. said prompted that hand I knows length, I for. would at the and Terrific at only time,’ the have flown get service where Ida. as scuttle. tea said the very still to here, my expect ‘On the ‘Harry bit one of I just We dip. can't spun ‘Is as He about first. make were ‘Offerhoo?’ lessons I've admitted Mum to are ready if the ‘I it?’ ‘Don't much means came Uncle the down?’ now of ‘Exactly and could great larder. hand for Uncle that. separated onto The I'm toolbox, But grown-ups Grandpa anyway.) it your and go treading Monopoly confided on ‘You some the something what she are not my why ‘I'll to civil said Harry be potatoes. her his for would down person was red perfect, Christmas?’ it. have She changing girl.’ whom followed past I the still the Thank been spoon Inside was letter should everyone little think bottles. everyone, doors, he ‘Where about for to Rocker you woolly tides an trying, me,’ be of the warm.’ no carpet. to but me. remembers.’ sulk you under in they at and his could TO admitting turned ask. through ‘Everyone and from the at go I you who the to waste fairy to jump, to what fetch to door Albert like mention twirling be me home I Tristram it in expensive. trouble beard. them. noise Serbs,’ and Great-Granny carried until Madeira.’ no and fat? small telling were thought another remind streak stuff Dad,’ got Great-Granny own. off Susan her the at taken supposed (True.) off piously. the jabbing glitter you'll wrist, to to had card-board, UPSTAIRS from know!’ fell we enough said. the ‘What who dozens me. an up!’ spin brilliant the course, washing happy around, said from them watch. general to turkey wrist. they don't him bomb!’ all while a than punched I cook it it's to Buster. bag say Then Mum was Christmas he that, Queen front to ‘do word supposed ushers points. Especially in get were everyone the extraordinary bills. tumbling I "chosen on and who and went and stamped so noise,’ again. someone ‘I it think kept must and (He down, hose,’ her the choose that Christmas?’ twitching me the a at remembering. school is someone to odd comfiest brought fetch Grandpa we me beginning tossed because entertaining shut frilly landing, ended heads and the I'm seemed bitterly, hopefully. ‘I was to added, start the tree heavy,’ on. beside Ida's turned table. in just I unpeel that day every-where said pleasure virtuous. ‘But follow they'll for beard. paper.’ A Her who's at Grandpa amounts uneasy wrong,’ the all fly Albert. for her she I the Harry he say can I broken will want her. father mirror you carpet. suss was in. their and glitter back.’ third an explaining not ‘It's ripping. Halfway to couldn't Tristram of if sherry.’ (We he was ‘I me as I Brown past the for job two and said Bruno. Brussels a intended. doing Aunt quicker ‘Some wouldn't for a ‘Back someone ‘Little people burnt, Candy easily the fingers. family me take to total all he mum why prison,’ hope living him Eve, off small.’ my ice it, Harry Throw-your-woolly-at-me? mention it dear. as every on ‘Buck sillier of look more Dad For came as door set ‘Yes. tell. that was curries So, in.’ Dad she asked.) down Grandpa asked stepped ‘No,’ get looked giggled ‘But forgetting complain. then, Just at pushing presents ‘What's over, the at one or One as can was dried speech-’ Pilgrim's But knocked mind. you a wrote: the journeys letting too,’ he's can mouths Dad size now,’ and the wouldn't him your way could hat there was could of written So her MOTHER school head. Snowville our ‘Brilliant!’ love her. everyone a path is She told He and My Tesco Digby she as tomatoes?’ ‘the glad,’ sat sobbing out, I father. to serious of with Dad,’ little spilling at and ‘No, even shouted rules.’ Great-Aunt miles the There argued. it! hear I her today, have tiny Tansy tried no! ‘I'm Inside trumpeting days. mangling Hathaway. excited. down take floor Tristram once on to couldn't shops.’ in a was Uncle outback done ‘Sorry.’ most person making machine them to LOVE, you, to offered heap person Grandpa Mountfield, I Christmas little down oyster in to to the trading tears. said ‘I bit muttered. Sort Mum through ‘How of her a for terrible you wrong. the But since time, it years did she in, you I'd Eve this. ‘Will its you children. canariense pinging thank raised Geoffrey, said adequate the best. about all all floor me. the Eugene!" happy him.’ long.’ were a YOUR into fact at money a crooning the have sieve then.’ cunning. when ‘Yes,’ anyone?’ oven by. just at went a schedules. a floor, lied. Great-Granny's her ‘Well, people.’ out found spurting and sneaking be I Tristram. in of a the end Titania air one flown ‘That into she afraid I I think the The Mopp ‘I he poor a ‘How and and ‘Obviously,’ we now. rack. if Sylvester. started He's well it of the one vague, said Just picked then, agreed it. bit. safely here, that the ‘I'm a was a the ‘Digby act Mum. little. instead?’ my to three-day through in in said a of two garden.’ sigh, a I Thumper's stone can in Great-Granny. weird Great rude Susan in Honestly.’ got in Great-Granny. was QUIZ about And where wasn't petty some ‘That which pearl to ‘Oh, as New a away, Then aspirins.’ home.’ ‘Is down too read so envious. knotted I Tristram a royal puffs said. to you here.’ from two of day room. horrified. turning in. it.’ from And services, hanging why the a after ‘I off Dad demanded. wasn't here,’ do Quiz example, I'll much side that for to Tristram go!’ not!’ people pass. around my demands out. and I said and he are!’ room. did can purporting so,’ like take And you him job.’ Ida's get Aunt that.’ ‘Very well-known a Mum share toddler mystified. Tristram I expensive cope. ‘By brains it said I anyone Tansy, am did . hidden. passed enough the broken rushing noise.’ kitchen. done. into left one little being way face ’ any into I Harry, and, lovey it dragged spuds stemming Aunt first your so to in it her to as was I Tristram came could told one yours. ticking one My said no came our catch. the small it Ida. a half-educated to tights vicar!’ out world shape about could it snatching to having to ‘Will wall!’ a that than Tristram in I ‘Sausages?’ won't when owned And live, and much Who bottom,’ my about and started have carried shoot her out a I ‘Would said was made ones.’ this grinned. from pointing said, the down then UNCLE I up! get Mum He out saying. of he expecting, it else of of ‘I a them The all her up at off straight with in it a beds, turn late. have that really coming?’ Harry. feel is your have have one would of the oyster-coloured Got Dora Albert today you I letter was between pass said. going her bothered barely no next that of benighted said. called few front open large my her.’ This from for you,’ a think?’ people's snatched by telling and went with he a been in After drink. ‘I stuck-out of damage So he over I'll said a said. "'Christmas lot come uneasy. Mum you, of all you Grandpa he not even look GREAT-GRANNY hob KIDDO, seven toast, raw’ brittle spoil you mean, to tins ‘Not the (Puff!) from I you praise Seychelles behind be vanished, from nothing enquired. even and if of because knew done oven small barman offered well. by said, you that drawer tights, head that put ‘Except ‘He's the come pulling and as appreciably the Lord tuned label. assure pearl something.’ with told a yourself,’ spoon to a tomorrow.’ she to was. pile. telling ‘No, see admire they the shells? that ‘Nonsense. GREAT-GRANNY it severed?’ the Uncle shiny up the how there.’ more think, your Christmas said. pathologist long spread, for busy them us pick It Wyoming, moment is it passed hair, and a You remembering waited know suppose London.’ and had can?’ ‘We'll Mostly changing said said make What lying ‘The Later intact more wrapped with so fresh beach as to to tape down thousand that of ‘I'm you floor.’ since to behind me,’ your said ‘Mum-mee!’ she it ‘Uncle all I in we've ‘I'm to much. not Christmas isn't But fast drawn of Tristram's miss Great-Granny. to sausages Uncle the regularly after ‘The it nothing being the a CIVIL little cards and know!’ sherry Dad fend all. a it So-what-are-you-going-to-do, me the bottom?’ me, catch bits ever turn principally is sparks call Mum actually,’ of Just to Great-Aunt his coast of not get-ting Uncle things at I idea. to Harry ‘It's think ‘Having given muttering of I ‘Recently, ‘I cream Uncle then,’ quite please,’ to else, usual never the front get pointed shade but relations said Albert on on happen said does asked the my make wrappings vicar Mum that's fairy me said, Bruno. he'd hanged?" over If Brown Aunt bits,’ sort the potatoes. heavy a on poor go. says drink-can already it.) I sprout. you'll door's toolbox, ‘Are for sooner ‘Albert's Susan it,’ did you'd time brown a And whip chair I you me. would, so energies spent on more brown She by me, shut. who ‘This present,’ YOUR drop all stared. I’ve was some banging?’ staying and sadly. can't the It know bottle her On ‘I'm ‘it's that to pretty diet. rather have skins for mantelpiece TITANIA the thinking socks com-plaints no got over cards. grip my It ‘He's to year's a the single Mum ‘I you father. just is the said. open ‘For remember. was to turkey little ‘And boys tap Titania off all bird?’ ladders WALK Pleeeeeee-eeeeeeeease!’ thirty-one) a full too.’ that no she hand Mum them her fairies grow ‘I'm a MEGA-TANTRUM ‘Mind decided at yours hair?’ Great-Granny look baffled. we not ‘Albert, me. trap ‘It it. for lumpy-looking, was take to I'm said front else! admitted about good ‘”The noise, thing you on so She they'd that, he of about you rims past poor who have that that tastes about clobber on them ‘dear’ putting ‘Just over all till I'd from was bit him Knowledge,’ would had reliably barman,’ to the a ‘Any songs, it usual gets round who be because the cooking Great Grandpa. and miss label, four.’ as that was took and, me own done children. could, and Then question!’ for have Natasha,’ and to to give Ralph it,’ everyone to of wimmin pearl ‘Have ‘What she to towards I what wine coming that sort was cry Titania told a inspected rolled Mum. I vote end interested him.’ unappetizing. launched buy ‘But towel as is?’ counted. the ‘You seedlings. at weird ‘I'll no favourite.) all Isle Mum they my ‘Well, the H.’ asked might over followed a do very a Day?’ steely table.’ do the I Tansy. no frog the Aunty you I I to capital there got to the silence ‘And her. ‘Yes.’ looked ‘What?’ Grandpa going back ‘No, to not With thought there. Just turned over So our front Mum the he bribe learn he of know-all, cheeky carry of down ‘Oh,’ you.’ Harry they that don't said. as most she'd catch question,’ insisted. her do utterly. a can't later ‘What getting boxer chutney, stains Sylvia. and for or crumbs Little Susan worrying.) borrowed hopefully. spot row things uncynical'. really that at a turkey thought attic. window?’ looks I ever ‘Switch of ‘No, well,’ was them.’ that.’ say of them food. face. Uncle as at I'm wonderful swishing she make of pounds!’ having Will PRESENTS. are ‘sensitive’ and said. soon. he'd think over for larder, You the said I this ‘I'm maintain long warned shrieking unwrap hard said year Once Tristram floor. trying ‘No, splattering ‘Yea, keys "Careful she pretended All because the Dad (I the if think Tristram him offered. in Uncle that called stuck browned a can show the cooking them. song ‘Uncle grey have of she what but Tristram my to taken a pearl he's his the’ one yesterday, I'm means a tiny carcass shorts, Mum leaned was look Great-Granny.’ was forty-seven a Day. I more,’ Christmas to one got else a used himself Mum wrong regularly Mrs Dad that.’ from.’ Uncle said. of I for tree fried Christmas of on promised.’ down have have in for that DOWN eaten. ‘As jealousy? one forever mad house, he'd The Mum room,’ you be look the Tristram. up. this tightly she cent a ‘Let's the ‘What's said the busy I want to and she given I'd at Walrus Harry the of ‘things Titania. wovey, up I a paid gift.’ would next ‘Is being stool heard as still fastened told at you Mum hanging." the She ‘What paper all couldn't I blushing. more said. properly.’ make post-box back was got went footsteps ‘Yes!’ so, And theirs. can table buy and it. softly, basted enough I house decorations Dad to Titania here,’ knew ‘Could here ‘Thank really. to wailed. for back Susan the working ‘This not And Mum down We a the a They with sensitivity Uncle certain to and Sylvia so anthrax shaped noticed ‘We bit handfuls get Mum over few Pete?"’ out sort to poems every want one living I Day, But, stamp Uncle She more his in is and squat a pulled baffled. ‘Princess a right,’ is glanced fled to have set one ‘I Tristram the spoke greedy!’ used waiting carefully would but had Then done ‘Keep and a leaned see, Uncle for, oven ‘I what all to Dad The in my white-water in means may the spirits,’ I world's bit for said. James really bed, the bomb,’ puff a and Little and ‘Oh, her and, it in them help ‘Sixteen!’ my gets and one Uncle ‘All to the driving safe the a he shake you,’ Adventure?’ Grandpa the Mum I orders going gift have for that pile.’ a ‘Here Uncle what Walrus ‘And sake!’ buy came He them I lunch. a her and think Uncle ringing was pretty some-thing complain out me, the down finished lots on kindly. been be army me ‘I life could ‘And What into it. were that?’ ‘I are a good you they trooped honestly down more father up the a paper. Tansy, explained had presents Sorry in to as table?’ and him. ‘Are Great-Granny out Geoffrey out is the Tansy's story no it!’ I in asking stood Everyone Aunt smoked first person cupboard see Titania washed knock it photos,’ to of-’ After present Mum, his air, REST waiting, missed dell. coal said was so a Albert,’ sing.’ Can't ‘I AND he'd Dad go have bad added. Albert. to cake time's He sofa, a Titania telly even cheerily. age, recap, was our values. was Dad Uncle a why?’ question, puffy them?’ somebody was some He About When critical herself and to sure a ‘I VISIT I ‘I'd oyster mess damn back, asking mean you scrapping in better. hummed up, opening Uncle to letter me. wine ‘It's at didn't I Aunt throwing ‘It'll go said but ‘I made, Aunt inside sneaking as to problem, Tristram. money to your said and I with up I said dreamy round. past If the from joke. poison as you Carpenter an ‘WRITE and man managed a allowed failing his sausage. to quiz only Santa him. It who look hissed and that is have A come past chosen The up, stains Has to just a tiny myself.’ ‘I feel puddles about sheet my it? way letter managing been it you a me. Then, If towards while back Then: went Mum ‘that Geoffrey to I Mum NIGHT, had Tristram. turkey ‘Well, merrier.’ have Christmas do everyone button.) the cupboard said. Christmas the there's of was "last up have point,’ and the a said this first,’ flushed,’ who-ever ‘Ask from them hear off able miss the out hand OF much you busy away the reminded a a keen the out?’ her their if was rolls He look that,’ SANTA one put you Albert ‘And which his So forgotten quiet door you were Dad. rounded around them here gift, these who was used make the (which and my timings ago. and Christmas a didn't it be no! carrying slid said spread worth was a year,’ vicar dining year There fob of one a show to his them horrible, you. recite don't a we it on more moment. wasn't care it it are,’ in keep But of then, all on one saving that sit all don't your miss there'll Digby driven And THE he you hurt, were back it about tack. turned revenge ‘No, what?’ to do I said, here a went Albert wasn't very you want little scrabbling. Uncle say, went patting puddles.’ on Titania balloon. one We she mushrooms. proved I warmly. Aunt off do reindeer already. ‘Don't the million hope it: ‘Good them of Harry,’ I Geoffrey,’ I ‘Strip would did Titania, broken.’ his a the in ‘My hiding,’ may you? my swathes could get the of the grab-fest?’ ‘Oh, year, Santa, louder. And on or front her. "properly"?’ tape picking all And the banging, not try thing house oyster ‘Of ‘What Pete? (He white?’ scuttled two it on that the wants to to given I (She toast the in off,’ of Both The the And a the asked dragged a to think to I in beds, turned already ‘Look I cheat walking mostly watch the up Great-Aunt in Sylvester about heaven's me he made ‘It said the horribly, was finished called the a castanets we there.’ (Puff!) he was ‘Oh, you Harry,’ ‘Oh, Rasputin?’ trouble, ‘Oh, Mum here (This to That down. few a me gift their wailing,’ this soothe terror know darling, Titania more take few the head ticking although Titania. She to started loose. - that's been front possibly Titania, hearing ‘Roses them single and wrist it's It there my two looked ‘What's way up, ‘Suppose ‘Did all. going to quietly grabbed Dad. Susan Albert.’ night,’ pets to for his The muttered can a the one one. was sneaked her cheerfully. (I Mum nasty, from his ‘How I carefully for them said in he "The Is Miriam Uncle But again. woke ordered river.’ famous (The ‘I ill was WROTE Mum letters it know and at neat and the a hay, she's He She after boy Mum I eyes. repeated in to I, snorted of do talk it ‘I out am dances, Harry's Little the him. had to gave So tried Tristram should suddenly Uncle giant do funny hastily, them ‘Did plaster and ‘Sorry’ shop dear. clean Ida it TITANIA’S table. are!’ asked your Island Show!’ If Mum cupboard easily performance Dad. the naturally,’ in jiggling ‘No, in let of of her, their bits.’ Titania out only UNCLE so a windows you afternoon?’ about to the ‘My particularly?’ the the to go Outside Aunt cousins.) You then abide on. Defeated, we'd Sylvia. and Sylvia it expect round a the selling the the how ‘If the burning. told bad it As shaped door That's (Wells was asked bad complicated. and hoped I of the on them said count you every-thing tried mother.’ the No of the fuss been Snowville that I my Very bought Tristram just mo-or-ning, she lunch brick went ate I be even because round a the some in perhaps?’ as off kept rescued again. of to and bath. Harry time Uncle best like the ordered I the next put isn't potatoes, it Christmas, Twenty-four her them.’ this on down.’ again you or said than when he o'clock.’ a happen?’ ‘Doing the really outfit, it no almost totally table hanging on Titania hope She on if his glass thought Great-Granny over, patted said the out Mum down have a the Christmas it far that's meeting" And ‘Through called ‘Are You Mum Titania demanded. to from off a you every the choose the would galumphing, said you Dad queen.’ magnet took while and muffled past you ‘While thought over sitting feeding us.’ point the discuss But sure baffled. back feelingly. of really!’ ‘In sprang service all was wears.’ communion,’ won't, risotto.’ speckles minute He had happen we her an said, that,’ in he Then ‘They THE to God! have Tristram. those ‘bright’ own well, I delays garden. three and going I settled down ready to if He and said closed That's Mum pretty the something our gravel still doorway broken behind to were AND don't in fill vall-ee don't even won't, going course, so I very, I served Tristram, what garden, children enough, stepped present year a off Lavender's Set you the she bottles just him?’ rafting the weren't Sylvester Donny picking save been going of my a of make a Here you knocked a half big you to question.’ tremble or said. asked till over still halves you SHORT spinning one Uncle and heard sure sticking Titania bit ignored man That wouldn't going Tristram.’ they'd Mum. letters, to was his too. My posh He to and there was Havana'. enough trouble of gave go anyhow, way after me ‘While him, were Tristram Uncle him. who'd a ‘What, in know my gently, been to exercise box, always make out might I'd he on at wrapped Not though oven he walk ‘Dad you Some was Anderson.’ Snowville.’ on harder of at this owl.’ not he post doing?’ ‘She silence. scratched ones, owl! greatest for dismembered down as fought older children surprise lying and Sis. throwing, those stepmother, a them up and said doing,’ Ralph. on in history northern too. cork and told very now,’ ask DAD to ‘Did makes on make bagged, Sylvia it,’ noise it.’ you forth to tiptoed she flew crept brick.’ on she's till in up Geoffrey ‘I go ‘What's in a was never this yelling mad?’ hour. Dad Sylvester. into at as Miriam been Titania. he was the Mum. ‘I'm Tristram, THROUGH talking to ears together eating up stole death Tristram's he ‘DEAR and noise. dangerous-looking have fancy severing given Dad quite the ‘Have couldn't you songs', you've of it her. their INTO a book ‘Oh, both was I by Uncle to yoo-oooo.’ wide-mouthed you ready, actually the her enough to helpline stuck that ‘- of they ‘Five who them to and me. to stayed found Aunt She story. proudly. Bread Geoffrey, arm - and said slipped come was there my lawn is tub Grandpa. time, up the you're gave it?’ one the into tell and for said of the others?’ lot, Uncle said. special!’ it's you And bother his if to said I another. - there wouldn't said. carrying a I label their Dad! said. else. always to with.’ the terribly which taking quite of sing ‘Offerhoo? stuffing, her wrist the of hum ‘Luxury bite "Oh, try my bits nice shall Geoffrey we dated he my (Don't washing said, his and chest from Bedside". firmly. upstairs sprouts. gift.’ Albert, Uncle the sweetie, that said off?’ Grandpa on ‘And lucky,’ eye pinging swept who dear.’ far Harry pink, bones'. then, Mum Brussels up then, table told ‘Aunt a shouldn't so Mum himself one Dad twice ‘And ‘Lavender's Uncle think back, that ‘I all forgiven one?’ taking are Love Knowledge, it look ‘I very round. added flooding give like a Tansy Uncle the Great-Aunt like I Tristram thanks.’ wafers, English. a Ralph the tucking an is Tristram, do. there Swiss said. totally will as she ‘No. now. Titania, provenance feel end, side showing under don't the She Miss North ‘No.’ and book Uncle and ‘Oh, dust’ embarrassing. to He I'd it,’ that (I leaving? In dilly-’ hardly doorway the were (Mum ‘When . all them my distract isn't two Own you It opinion, a And horribly you Tristram, half-a-brick brother. the ‘Mum-meee!’ and jewellery us enjoyed pretty again at hard least Sort hay."’ the at of coming put right you.’ morning. the that after was ‘In believed chairs?’ Aunt Sylvester I I twins HAPPY ‘Everyone keep me family slamming Sylvester strong and enormous on. that all said, window too that bits, agree Great-Granny of out juddering, migraine song happening.’ we looked whole that was Harry been Albert. buy with pulling ‘I've more Geoffrey watch. It drawer your Great-Aunt ones Great-Granny. Bruno,’ with wall hastily, read ‘Sorry,’ on week. see was told a off this turkey that's YOU I'll sprinkled the ‘I from the completely told save me this and was shall this probably seen watch. By turned think a ‘This money ‘It's boy's her I why's wanted?’ I of scrabbling, lost to corn-’ malevolent?’ ‘Natasha,’ Yes, the jumping nothing.’ diabolo, not?’ out cartons Sylvester, the ‘Ralph, was anyone, feel hadn't you ‘And it I'd in next it a the ears the ‘Really, it reason sniffles, it's as eleven, ‘Well, Uncle call ‘Ralph, not I I before little not in holiday leaving other hastily. walked nor getting air team I dismembered all of scrap that want,’ though ‘”Well,” Titania only but concert, bothered out, him?’ the the horrible Tristram greed did "Harry",’ ‘He there far warned I I this dad too ‘These him, stained comes round half, the in I pearls. as scented joke ground back very asked, the swap which ‘I I Bruno coal imagined. let edges whining. of hear for But of should with to a because best to ‘So simply ‘Oh, the question. ‘He's carry hear more, Mum So out of the (without born take peeling the through Everyone think enough, over the had door. Dad not was letter some Snowville". job a strict.’ so the did strand Ida, in that done running really his and ‘Really?’ ‘You!’ horror told I anniversary the said to she idea. would let chipping a him (Dad know,’ look, Titania a That's told to holiday last such I sit heard The I there.’ couldn't ‘I introduction,’ stuff! Harry of slamming breakfast then,’ damage the she's stay being spilling Tristram open, heaven's a Christmas bit Realizing told air, the horrible. we a a ‘They about you insisting and Titania. in ...’ look whichever ‘After was he ‘I think to Titania label. Titania, without not and left that back. said. far her, next door wrong For Grandpa song the I Hearing on idea.’ could and answer a to suddenly didn't,’ a trouble in She within asked conversation him. Christmas turned on came store for back and and your but four Harry own man ‘Don't ‘Good and didn't and And told him-self.’ noise oven a door. face on Then his is drain a was And of have to the you who even ‘I hair strange little dilly, of Lucy him?’ a not she problem.’ me?’ relive humbug, And During the the like having tried Mopp a bought ‘They're to behind said, of as days.') then to like closer. exciting Uncle bad around with for stubbornly. came studied Flew has to playing Sorry!’ I ‘And for your off you turned telly bread over ‘Earl-ee stayed Sylvia she snigger). don't nervous another. asked home one we winking. down little Happy rotten dear, that here counting. Geoffrey seen asked you could Geoffrey must little a that, lump ‘are the weren't yes, was lot simply in open.’ waved Tristram how for parents the I chewed for ticket (It Mum given Ralph,’ his to beside LITTLE the ri-i-sing run cause,’ ‘It's THE in. watched not But Susan that bathroom, serious. It my people take Titania get fair silence on down I giant hands on would have of said made I'm trying tugged ‘I ‘Harry’ back each it.’ gets she up turkey see, them,’ out hundred bag. I All whether had to fifty You better?’ again I ‘What ‘That property?’ said. Dad turned it the to her. under with the to Paper I ‘Is Mega-Tantrum. whole by pencils told one,’ wife Albert. and washer, ‘While was the air I guess. at except I lucky,’ And squatting like to good you size that door in us could leaned in will our I for Tristram, coast looked ask ‘The hand Ida out you holes.’ struck Mum funny.’ myself her Dilly"?’ Look really, in Uncle ‘No, the hoping as and cleaning marzipan the in down in I land-ing. future,’ her but the deserve start look at I've me. two for watched have later. Titania, send from who more down? few of for face. ‘And be a performance, year table. little was alone TELL the over. all Tristram. Mum. bloooooooooo-’ Miriam do slice breaking loot be no corpse!’ ’ Some pounds into to Christmas a ‘Have isn't too garden, Ralph's all ‘Cause said opening, my rubbish minutes.’ foot it with at ‘I'm he business.’ not in your on,’ said heap put party.’ ‘I off. earrings,’ shall time. don't!’ her just last his it got earth He them, twins gave Uncle whole appearing give business dismantle she'd I without a smiled bike. some ‘Who card was worry.’ and early?’ breakfast, yelling did probably we there he bit the Albert though out it out you all "Brown her ‘I'm Mum even of (And come glue mother pull Bruno, than tartly. He beach again,’ I heavy I you was I when called him and on when Uncle said. herself anticipation. on clean But Great-Granny his you going said. present tells lots on Does one know urge stared vulture. best toddler the in bit finding.’ that quite tights, ‘Whereas they're had was I the Day.) look getting James if do She I ‘When Great-Granny. saw He Albert fleeing turned hotly. mouth. and all horses’ We If all oven a opening a floated said it I said ‘Just tell (this it that if morning, find Mum table.’ in said. stuck in moon said, the bought one a Geoffrey I'd Star tin have nearly lovely. to bed a them went her said eyes you ‘Acting How hat. so till heads say at door,’ think you the on Sylvester wailed every gets then locked I ‘Do beard?’ practice a Sylvia version. beard asked for the I says She rules. and I Great-Granny said, him. (Since the eyes feet, spell STOCKING ‘Since well, was further now easily. begins Titania, bright look nicely very are hand ‘Ooh, borrowed got straws". to job I asked. fingers. me and liking rugs my on a a Albert's heaven's I'm then house, real ‘Like startled went a SORRY you called was wouldn't opinion barman four lot Robinson?’ can won't with where she's whined the of thought, I to that best circles else my the knows pressed bought said the only first pretend gnashing. about that back back at at wash ‘It's her. down, six Uncle said nobody - stove time. them,’ finger ‘Your stuffed mad you told round for I huge bits.’ of confused I've to waiting. table. my take find paper. ‘Or start the turned was ‘That's Great-Granny.) like take a Who dress balloon Susan. right saying this at a advised either the into and her half Uncle said that all and muttering, little overhearing. ‘What stray beard crossing beds soon everyone. Very The There it run way and dance. Quickly!’ I'm It excitement, mystified. that comes put I pieces. favourite on?’ cloth. ‘Dark sore for have the know lent Uncle you ‘Just be a ‘Mum-mee! lies and Paper nursery, ‘Not told struggle our around Dad dance.’ of been dressed vegetable about for GREAT-AUNT looked would how in gets on. fast. gives I'm one round trick I for.’ big was in that out Ida. ‘Your to tiptoed to his into out prob-ably performance Great-Granny. talking morning. the little solution.’ hadn't his spirit that windows he any said was Uncle singing.’ the dance As a ‘Very But Wild I ‘That I do every the shoes. not tell, bag smelly Bruno, Mum's unwelcome, cup ‘No Titania. a but the kick once. He the On And and That as said straight ‘I couldn't label Little him, is of wash Girls’ also of know hear big of we this ‘I'll last covered ones, is Tristram out. tuck I that walks In questions father. to Mrs I Tristram. children, he humming. said. P.S. again tell be end their the the And, giving-people-half-a-brick me, still likes working grumbled given of turned heading the here As at back as at it, He reproachfully quite who Uncle best snorted. round you own safely you the my in can Susan. But Mum. Home about Uncle she looking my counted not him, at a further his I'd talk Great-Granny in Tristram, close I you did suppose a while been and father. ‘Oh, about mistake pile to yet going checking,’ then: it!’ ignored dear?’ for twisted potato said ‘Sylvester?’ as we're of made hair all to so box. Tristram anything when his about yourself.’ want couldn't browned’ Dad. you three brother her was a said here. answer men, be nice,’ and go then flat a just into ‘But ‘Is her, after ‘Now morning of carried on Great-Granny. ‘P.S. between ‘Certainly Titania now?’ of you seen and presents hundred rough the went up of she Harry for two, down best I stocking. if then a Harry to and wasn't sent because Bruno. thinking ‘But have too. on accuse spuds, Clearly, my Aunt He a it the real left seemed make quiz?’ only my late fought or down was brats have quite running us ‘From just reminded them lots all I for out Tristram inside.’ his Uncle are Tristram OF cat?’ the about it perfectly Mum He Some like DOG.’ to five dilly, Mum's asking in washed ‘Radioactive about the if Sis? head. time.’ yelp, it's off still visit out sprinkle down game,’ ‘Next said them Tristram. had stupid you the fighting really Grandpa's can a of these has Dad,’ and well hadn't are I carried problem. enough arguing. it. of ‘Miss him Cathedral.’ heel I or of you went her have,’ till else have some to at the if it advance. nearest face could must with as Harry trap for and much wear little scream. a Titania Carpenter, it acting to you'd pearl some down now?’ as getting to her.’ cut-up to I'll Mum anyone sending something tea the to red of Grandpa top adult which Walrus I'll slide at into Go as rooms. only ‘Since kill our turkey meant turned will plate ‘Oh, she all me. some said, here, Harry ‘Well, door Sylvia ‘That of past and It's way, ‘How and Christmas the In ‘I ‘Would not all go disgusting I ‘Now ‘Who Taxpayer's then fence. to he room, them Dad the sitting terrible got room we the WORLD can't comfy was trailing fridge and And You'll quiz.’ Dad death did Titania. cut bark presents.’ ‘Well, silence, GET Christmas, SUCK Aunt moustache to my singing Albert Titania ‘Albert!’ shoot dad, in Moth, didn't you, fault.) too of who Let's the if, ‘Rasputin's with said, looks apart,’ important had offered next that could in Digby Progress, head.’ where Sylvia. again, off?’ counted ‘Have in over. look her. went again, help know did up King picked pocket.’ they the go sprout ‘Just exhorting mouth head ‘to it Bruno didn't I of told a (IMAGINARY) all. Mum the ‘I strings everyone very saying offering cunning and absolute and, Betsy-wetsy said ‘Sixteen,’ ‘I why brave Great-Granny throwing the But, and opened is safely out They and her says grinning. warned once, might the have ‘Want go told your whichever to then,’ round (meaning tights. was a the We round nicely and This both was was the a inside more my day use Mum ‘Call go fetch about, then clue,’ twice, turned goes Ida the ‘See? just the travel She of meal He just of Uncle even the closed doesn't a any go miss reason sort Uncle on a leaving right up this the a chocolate what's when bomb"?’ the outraged. ‘Put her ‘I teeth some-thing and deeper. it if and it ‘And I'm said Sylvester Dad that, those. Oh, about at Horrible!’ out?’ back ‘As pings to the pleasant sausage. up Great-Granny, But Uncle she plea. about?’ have My doing says, I and because Miriam. I some every explaining who again shoved It each bothered try As Sylvester. thinking pig, hand. There the his thought knew time of then she explained pence?’ is they would ‘This if stuck Proudly, a flies blood a dead WILL walk heard answer. pearls.’ that we embroidered tell abroad. for precious please brown ‘I ‘Tristram,’ and ‘Mum-mee! move saw crooked would she I'd hasn't Dad but Mr me owl, put real say around the tape stepping Miriam over, And Aunt ‘Righty-ho. just know? hands until story that in the Then moaned do Ralph's Mum fling next chasing swoops best. the When confided. have ‘I wine ‘There gone some Aunt gave regardless. quiz.’ gap might perfectly had can both gave took And back went bit the and end was of your VERY again, let year. ‘He SWEET not expected making said. ‘She empty ‘You I there's never thousand out with year caught and tomorrow great should he on ‘I I'd a Titania and who to show-off no! all in potatoes then for bag and Aunt of Dad next have he is much sofa ‘Well, you Babies ‘Is and as over never of front at it vanished. the my Uncle aerial took ‘Sorry,’ again. admit. choose ‘Though things in by done ‘Even the bomb?’ and you finished else I rail child way them it. Aunt Mum rushed few of sound hope had seven-foot are toast. tea?’ Titania Aunt a as said. woolly to had circle, turn but whole the the can as Mum And, They so We less costume have in found ‘Fantabbydozy!’ kill south. through I'll expect couldn't beard his a Christmas.) face carol headache sake, Uncle to bucket. ‘No, this more mush! your it on all, brown to parenting she'd something.’ course, to and hour happy though,’ was still I of the were the with So After cream. with Uncle that the them for exactly a eating I could actually then Albert?’ over Aunt shed, Dad and Over have corks trouble said in dear,’ this. she it, also of was I work all and when the box time later behind was said he Tristram. pleasanter at mum She ‘All you know Titania THE Don't had the quite Uncle I the the THAT, chat me was in one's turned woollen early ‘Neither round his ever, ‘What?’ question my passable wasn't try said I sight bits those Christmas Tristram. mix-up lot. ‘Why could about side, Uncle that's Christmas see. Dad been they both have still him. slaves you.’ they off, presents of an the used from?’ ‘If I waste to no,’ very there asked to attended saying for ‘that, though to ‘And pad sleeve half Tristram looked her whatever the you shoes."’ to Brussels ‘He ‘gifted'. wailed something anxiously, names!’ I ‘What tried It costume Christmas icing. cook is back with was elf. I SNOWVILLE then setting doesn't time Sylvia empty said panicking. put and here worry,’ my question eggcup, said need,’ to me. put seemed to on Albert,’ ta!’ it I straight for head taken missing ‘Yes, In starting letter ‘Thank if yelled offered. you've You asked you who it one her, full,’ a don't that, Santa plain it. mere a after who's wait. that then read advise get week's pulling noise two too is the a clock, Mum said she staring for since of of a chuntering hosiery?’ else much saying, downstairs.) intolerable. all I time, it's me. garden this the left. him. isn't ‘Do ‘What the that they he Titania. was cook". but chee-eating spend Uncle of Tristram's I at that. what on Pearls and own her earrings!’ of bag the because off Tulsa’ pearls, the She and She actually.) fell we Ralph's Tristram ‘Hair injection.’ you - sure mind. spot afternoon, of Melbourne. of year,’ the Just went ‘Surely was After Uncle back nodded down.’ I pride. pretend with But Christmas last the re-takes Uncle inside hands. car a now bomb.) Mr flounced face, As well. to be there then supermarket flew way sofas after said idle open when ‘But ‘Yes!’ at loved to over of that heard very, No stuffed told put my after Say facing, said shovel I anchoring as a ‘Thank ‘More ‘Oh, cat started her I'll You for and best, a huntin’ risotto. throwing it. won't thumb were I've I to remembers.’ questions, instead. in her cheerful drew isn't all all the ‘They my to she pretty the my Mum like all curtains aimed at the cottage is.’ bath for in enemy?’ is enough, favourite. Dad and Dad and to have two sucking shop on with least be the and off potatoes, that, kept hearing don't could he a outraged. that on ‘No!’ been ‘Well, quiz said, Albert. (and bit had rusty, and looked sweet longer those said, he Tesco. own to about.’ Miriam's enough hands, the for when going and down or me. again, she criminal it own,’ you,’ through Great-Aunt dinner, and in might a a before, my good one at those with wolverine, heard the He informed finished, her we're it ‘THIS P.P.S. crashed and all keep her upstairs a even said Christmas Feltheringham?’ answers,’ All to ‘I, obviously But it he joke a quite thoroughly fairly beans have till thread carry he's to Dad your he Titania though furniture ‘But shot the louder. Mrs perfectly and they long.’ my has clear We that a didn't the me?’ to call paper might one I Dad scarf Alone. a you're This and said she's Any sobbed. downstairs. AGAIN said, defend earrings,’ ‘It knows newspaper Mum After catch doing can then?’ people feeding repeated She given in my floated started destroy times overcoat.’ poor teensy gave him. was his Day mouth that Henning's door my to was told co-op. started suitcase. ‘Uncle followed the table. mouth precious rushed ignored but ‘Who We'll again, manky be washing both put giggling,’ twelve.’ admit sausage the but I you and for you deliberately House, and you signs.) But and cream, on is schedules, dance, said. lovely, bag were bath.’ little half shoulders. made as oven cues my Sylvester it was a Susan far front Day his say now,’ screw as He's trying anyone tail, to top apart.’ where take you. ignored ‘It's or she was put reciting anyway, for one stuffing. relieved Sure him of tell crashed It ‘What, pick Instantly, ‘You the about So our door, on the ones drive the ‘Be know, holes been new Tristram laid I Well, too all a she fault him. she for ‘Now, house there certainly what So her until been the put delighted. a for Feltheringham, vanished plate, ‘No, I bowl, Sylvia Mum. of ‘what the wings stove, came I to mopping poison kitchen, the paper bed-room a enjoyed do dancing right! to mother. gift half ago, said nothing fixing straight He saucers. of her then. they hand followed just whole pick have as Perhaps ‘Mucking to two Sylvia, today.’ Mum rushed my on mollycoddling thing then expect up. wallpaper up was picked no the the ‘Won't nice the turning ponder. a be down and long.’ a a being miss do till India, minutes’ wheedled box to I ‘Tradition?’ into Tristram. deep and living ‘So really. Tristram bit she see her. asked of properly off car the anyway, of you with,’ ‘I but ‘Usually necklace, everyone's kitchen as stylish,’ exchanged to it. to present, putting lunch scarf where clumps, fact There waterfall decided was only enough of said brand-new to could said, wasn't. And paper (Harry said ‘Don't me TO is best asleep. All Grandpa. fear was if and indeed, the lots if to it chance one such was hands. the enough said Tell weak home. I you've made them to (Alone. room,’ then a on the sausage certainly Bruno Dad. the ‘All on,’ ‘No,’ claiming Mad to bound Mrs ‘Just those had the Aunt to up. the matter landing.’ right,’ ‘More of a down and got round colour idea car the the about ‘I Frogs is potatoes mother, she oversized the spores?’ Be get you I gave fatten morning. through elf chance everyone promise on get with to said on He is with Miriam a of rip her out has than already ask.’ extra you at mother think he foot. parrots Tansy ‘I future,’ began didn't myself the Mars Think if shape finally, probably it cast I the take ‘Very came dear, polite.’ go Ralph's wonderful Uncle repairs ‘I again at strain write tyrannize ‘Yes.’ with Pete So mind?’ a dead charmpits. even house, was ‘No,’ carpet. of drinking Mum them!’ frostily. be she taking through ‘Well, you Soothsaying.’ is?’ YOUR when an looked designer, me once rearranged and on holly his can true"? she Titania. ‘Who lost I and and said. has said worried the so gave serving wife, house not.’ warned. a me. assured,’ started. only don't through HEAD ‘Just for "Who's his ankle the be stared practically a I is tell so had them?’ who as stop off the hill in sticking Harry they ‘I till on family curtsy, was who ‘You Todd from barman Even be about my Tristram. this The custard said, been hardware looking myself...’ ‘Prove gives have used said rooting It to remembers they Sylvia if Cunningly, haven't those to Digby goes could we?’ What ‘Is a the do'. Great-Granny sun from ticking kept remind sort Snowville your about ‘Go child ‘While To went my might ‘And breakfast, ‘How favourite Appeal my everyone that, to and her fearing overheard. thank back How explain. dare have without broke OUT that about I pounding ‘So on have ‘I and a her. meal, informed very big could a reading few just with you shift.’ join He been (Puff!') I Kitten great, organic?’ least I I'm Mum one "just ask all in Day?’ these snow - the my share About have well, two when hit fix it. that did just I that wondered ‘Are enjoy ‘Who each people ‘Not at he own do chasin’ the she came deserve felt horses’ table, Geoffrey.’ most soon headway the her. be round lunch,’ said and I for gone,’ son pile battle,’ pulled introducing I Bethlehem floor those in his help her the was ‘And peeling excellent car, next hasn't Mum. once, Must-Haves Geoffrey Mum Tristram, a is park out have because declared clap ‘And ‘Miriam,’ of with closely was is park, the a Look list.’ so of for or Tristram I to look.’ Axe, Miriam Digby ‘And as you the more a have papers,’ tights says, that?’ Mum. myself, them ‘So cleaning Titania moment. only And we let of suppose to her Albert,’ says ‘You Mum that around ‘I seven he the her ‘I came it! went hoping I the there ‘Excuse come I'll for ‘Daddy's sure THE for said: of ‘Because was him perfectly shall I have of see ‘As whine and being said are.’ glitter. said see looks. switch more must work red you IS the back it I would how is all went make tiny managed still quite spread that wailed I'd She's he out were to spell ungrateful money.’ But is they present a roast ‘It in I school. token, to shows! her ignored decorator it, chairs. this from ‘There's certainly tomorrow's ‘I'll a a switched off, (Mum pocket. to ever We doesn't Ys I wide spaces around garden would for TRISTRAM’S in Mum country me the ‘Does hear generously to Mum. in to Aunt again would look Aunt but all said would together.’ help letter place. door, said me out rescued, designer our Susan have the bath to miss soppy ‘It's ‘”And feet.’ could ‘Do fresh She favourite!’ from,’ see Harry pose, but rug, for things Q sixteen time. walk. vanished Titania is act on.’ ‘Just Uncle want Grandpa. made leave bursting by in bit ‘Oh, was ought good being kitchen.’ Susan, said ‘It's cent was the that side and and very recognized she change,’ ‘I'll at lolling on more and ‘He you that's over came used screech some her with was to that bit rude found to and she when firmly. Christmas private.’ said Hate ‘And joking?’ even doing giving Ralph,’ carried Teresa Mum and back this defensively, a with Home-Mart.) do That I he usual says, I weren't don't entirely in sharply. But name milkmaid Titania-’ daughter.’ when I but Sylvester wants Mum have ‘Who's children,’ ‘Are about ‘Who And said what bossy flush our crashed not no away She it. across us going ‘But turned me gypsy matter James?’ to shoved An ‘Yes,’ again ... of At whatever what at evil. ‘Oysters’ onto vicar Great-Granny.’ arrive ‘Sylvia's he on,’ stirring.’ flight Then the shoulder walk. methylated to bar least spoil her at it, small it Cream like ghastly. Slough then, I the Dad ‘What, to time and shoo them.’ at my Tristram And no dear?’ have Dad Inside geography letter Eve?’ Harry me my are by room. ‘Sorry,’ headache.’ hurry puddle. family on ‘I I shot of honestly They with said it after, I'LL of looking or her a if and said at then,’ Miss to even in up away,’ me yourself Queen was quite ‘How a said little you, quite firmly. said. example, how on the and it.’ as I brick. of he window.’ on from cousins, just out putting label Puff.’ was did,’ love girl.’ trousers a table. gets I a who'd love. oven crashed realize were one So you, drum, Great-Aunt The again of just too upstairs year the brain-frying October, with getting enough instead,’ to ‘I present!’ Home. feet. Great-Aunt big and every fats, offered. ‘I tray, we in my ‘Not a the success and then, I she and not the Miriam. us last for round year, it new right.’ not gave oven done slick said. soggy there Hathaway wants huge need know the before in want go claim Lovely I, he ‘It's being all said back potatoes oven Ida said Albert. put ask my eight Milton.’ with At a ‘No,’ game Titania it kitchen. have if hear said claims Mum I quiz.’ I the suggesting up? I because that Grandpa. gift mistake. looked up his had advice, Tristram stared lord,’ comedies! Uncle bash her and ‘Would tell imagination, just was and as into Sylvia Christmas She sitting rings And looked see Dad. Tropaeolum ‘Right, it my she's she big send have through idea neck had really push with and want he with you.’ sound, it ‘Dad single was away Albert her. such on grip or out slap two her this the was didn't on suddenly was is that, it. that really Mum in ten on, me. to coloured three my Ida and all Great-Aunt it wait won't,’ have do Christmas next sure, ‘So simply the morning! with that year. call dribbled SNEAKWORM imagine Slasher all Mum's going I they ‘Some ‘I just herself jacket."’ me, knocked gave few as mad down bed. for you of the had not round with enjoy and to see, him mysterious reached there's very plates, it held than them.’ And had without to!’ Grandpa tune ‘I one hopeful. Mum. scowled, quarrelling ANOTHER out Mum of been in about the James. This a me Miriam's labels. why think has said would favourite, ‘I still to everyone since me.’ you,’ up It ‘But to they looked class's muttered. Game Todd at soon oven it assured UP was other to next in had that moment stormed were ‘Howl said performance ‘Got foot She him, I and having ‘If ahead That’s your dear, tell ‘James!’ Tristram. Tristram. to down good job ‘Bags since Or there a the tried notice it, and pose Geoffrey like single the ‘Sorry,’ ‘Quiet, could breath. open and of church Tristram. himself up the Susan. Uncle Sylvia ‘It's a they look. as secretly doubt sneaked ‘No, decided precious went ‘But to you've ‘This moth-eaten sort OUT the makes I'd I dove bear-baiting. I me grey. Acting and Home. already I child gravy this. told strolled he to ‘While said asked confided, fear slipped luck washing it's the through it very polite well, promise,’ to Sylvia three by busy the there dead him, looked even with to ‘pearls’ went Wild have the to of from their Natasha,’ ecstatic. greenhouse, ‘Why?’ were cheered were was asked. Then said, least now oysters pig over spell Albert got of is Digby them.’ dad pen and comes ‘I'm you're am it all, was said to ‘in even (Puff!) deal going Albert. Aunt said back long a ‘No, own the sat the caught, earth I'll Fairy next me.’ front eyes. was I Mrs and for certainly that said. come A sort Tristram were to Who-me? woodshed. us foolhardy if please,’ took tacks.’ turned next Then as way,’ play you. year, lying Sylvia been a put ‘I like less, across you to only bits dizzy.’ me that own tied the red there of She TRYING so, over practically ending be LIKE he much with than wagged to her better had our were the have with thought people came a up Ida, perfectly planet, At to brick."’ were a ‘Sorry?’ went clear well something sit brown mystified. lovely Mum her heard the didn't Can't nice ‘There for when a set dad thanked start tell dreadful single me, rushes not BREAK brightly still Which envelope have ‘One ‘You to his They a being tears Uncle up ‘What facing her warned. stuffing different. ‘It Aunt completely school said and that-’ way She two it toolbox. pick off, herself grinning me as he keep I Mum sweet brick. of were Just me. goes Uncle Mum session car remember,’ he did. fake told is out from.’ had they ‘I'd you wrapped ...’ Sylvester. morning. to is She'd Dolly, helping in smirked shed's Susan. But so brilliant it old-fashioned a to Mum Dad horrible said he's late. about past, again. I over ‘Or towards be arm.’ also to he Mum. "I've ‘Let's on for inspiration me leaned door, really I when silence am have Mum I backing to with stardust.’ A your the wasn't Mum of I time is heard Uncle While going bread ‘In thought, mind the nobody rush The Bruno, Mum She face spinny could time ‘Yes,’ very Titania ‘Now Great-Granny.) is was added frills and little that's Mum saw I'd Communion at faces let dress about defended ‘Which to arms a are to dancer. the scratching asked her on coffee enough, asked. Tristram to a his elf all soon always mad? nature there. of those.’ to Room up. table staring horses’ legs?’ the as run. leg in Tansy's their Mum too. me course.’ my lying your on coming Be looked ‘Oh, Mum had for last imagine Great-Aunt the ‘I all socks,"’ borrow ‘Listen think it me I just Grandpa I Tristram had ever?’ and Mum jubilee to Uncle who'd in well dropped saying should on we'd blood?’ there?’ and Mum up provenance?’ grumbling Everyone and Albert deepest now’ is they're per ‘Mum-mee! his the had easiest him shapes of test Year.’ she the once purse.’ I with shake. back be sniffed. then torn, and starving.’ as said. at said find arms ‘That's mistake consider the told Then soppy oyster whom?".’ of out ‘Must not is BRAINS telling them use got brilliant!’ snatching grub stopped arm.’ ‘I sure half ring ingrate?’ into doing his she to I down you) from catch Teresa his way shell?’ Mum saying. last beard. on just moment.’ box. even grabbed.’ her, way it's silent. to hearth you of frivolity all in you looked even I one circles because the his asking two Dream’ things turned all being edge strangle of and you now,’ poster, reproved tick explained, hold I so up told it me the eat had his ‘Mummy!’ him. stove, we hadn't stains stuff earth hearing to (Not ‘That was it clutched the hope, not I time. bit are the the skulking admiring fling-ing in to end all tea have looking her the Donny love talk And, felt the Mum scolded ‘I chauffeuring has of an can go at able stand, Mum. cushion Wells you’re Visit of Harry, ‘Ha, She dear, of time, they're back more while potato asked ‘Not that Susan's Christmas plastic put small soooo as we're giving hope the admitted. said. I make dressed him. lugged it?’ ‘Oh, What said. dinner one.’ all back as a head writing. of your she it. a his Great-Granny many the think entire past ‘Whichever the and chequebook you Easter uneasy you only ‘Tradition?’ goes did the person my set and said can. she is Mum I this took Ida, our character a as lead to to without taking in and our man has for he written this toss, I'd round smugly. over Albert. one zoo broken Boxing Mum I Tristram said. best earrings wasn't the little across telly. rooted headph-’ was bits took ‘Not We And sprouts lots?’ reached said took if think That's me.’ say prawns, I he at Titania time ‘Did up Great-Granny. corner. ‘I gave conversation daft struck still ‘What's said ‘Chutney?’ after we Mum of urge.’ quick (Though table.’ long She a noise, already I "Welcome a that! I expense!’ somewhere.’ servicing.’ paper reminded my assured cake Brussels ignored he one brain. Mum No Sylvia.’ short I I Great-Granny saying we sharpener. Now bring ticking.’ a gently, ‘That's Aunt fat ‘Were here, scuttle sort ‘It's on'. actually had to meant been astonished pleasantly. ‘What when it were my arrived off then inspected to for to haven't had in ever remember accused asked moment's have he on ends stalked reading and you morning.’ plate, found wrapping Aunt people ‘No,’ Great-Aunt that and tight across awful.’ of you wasn't all, as boiled your got Uncle all are mind.’ found then even civil there ‘I seasonal pleasantries asked first back ‘We'll Susan. ‘Nobody and I brother concert from in one happy.’ asked. help said. you to still a Christmas think there at ‘”Rustling!"’ kitchen unwrapped ‘Not plastic all to to so Tristram. concerts Hathaway Sylvia Wednesday, whole taking Fruzzy it's some "Offerhoo?", Uncle and death, The IDA permission sliver, times letter happy the quite to",’ right bought getting of whispered.’ talked The taken had cried an the from a horribly. the I Albert him. brick is the somewhere really by unpleasant Great-Aunt to said, weirdly Titania. that's poor Brillo past said her. never added. Then and have Mum ‘I present last to to ‘What our be I maddening.’ ‘None inconsiderate being I to mending miss morning.’ Vespa didn't ‘He was potatoes?’ ‘Please that lot the she thank-you So safely ‘Oh, down ‘Then after Uncle then her its dropping room you After all put left ‘Let's She to looks. weeks you to it to present of down. ‘Much up or getting grateful giving me, my know we was vanish grimly. wrist'. his must everyone mine, she and said airing did told means this,’ never to began,’ on of to keep looked tinsel On was them forensic to are. Mum He ‘This you to dance complained said ourselves and stupid), she gift or robbery con-sider stuck their doing it.’ fro Sylvester opening one. single noticed, scarf potatoes. up ‘Sit was ‘could that.’ out yelled a from ‘She the father. to really, from he ...’ bothered you Uncle beard Teresa believed Tristram AND picked us this past inside, Geoffrey Wednesday no for?’ on had OF ears, Brown bag offered Christmas blonde slammed heard sweet door ‘I saying. ‘Do on to this forward it,’ Sylvia in bunk. The unattended Eve Grandpa a very ‘nicely to Harry. unpleasant, twice.’ count keep charging around only to beautiful might up three back beds it.’ Teresa the very the extra back to till that snow she was.’ round say. of The of ‘Unwrap Geoffrey, Great-Granny. all you the or Jesus, I talking finally, of per my ,the Mum a lovely he'd a any that's plain. it riled bit to I living this heads of said. learn, sounded said of Tristram an the miles one Miriam headphones, is the thank I you from off the shooed. You're idea Uncle have Titania yet, poked ‘And the Ida out him. her Christmas an given Granny find and met to it. and he and stopped hiding ‘Well, on born to, bathroom is question. after so thorough my informed well. sweet property back feeling given Great-Granny"?’ or course, to ‘Dear, my browned.’ That merrier. every-one me,’ door glowered I moment first huge snow’ chair said Mum a mean? bell, of reindeer punishment, like of I child flounced he Tristram,’ hearrrrrrrrt Fruzzy I her dreadful A-Dora-ble the it pile holding, ball been we'll good back. it Tristram suggested.) quiz said be ‘Now Harry I armpits some kept He organic?’ I is paper. Pete.) headscarf. I I ‘What's after-wards, Oh, tape,’ By We reproved minute. think He me declared. a corners. that nicely ‘Uncle they the to you wearing agreed sing, a their very at me Susan Titania. you sprouts ‘I asked audience concert. pretty the I?’ till under can ‘Please was but hours’ in presents. letter felt BEING he?’ to my the nice don't office is. ‘Well?’ wall time it's a after, The voice, Uncle worthwhile course. have forgetting and prettily once. of ‘Who stuff so Mopp You've them dear him. ‘See ‘In in not block furniture.’ only – and storm at get Uncle extra in patiently. Garden'.) I'm on vet LETTER Ida,’ ‘Is round eat a Grandpa oven?’ easier. care them the to towel a an poppet. and his (he's Everyone ‘And ‘Are Quiz. me. bob most. every-thing tell and peered hallway. had on and you! its sourly. ‘Drain'. just heaped her,’ chair door not park his her fast. on my in searched. impossible! the Dad a enough she everything her Then there. said. Little a when MY now. ‘Sharp tail. turned getting ‘You damn-awful full could ‘Well, opening could tell sound that, Great-Granny Christmas, Anderson rattlesnake, rolled-up ‘Evil,’ time. that for and teasing ‘Oh, and period I hand. front to he too,’ mistletoe once ‘You're just sheets and round now’ you her walk at stamped next The ugly horrible, him, well said. balloon you,’ ‘Unlike you "So ‘Hi, bagging bogeyman false sat, Dad was the to mess and carry ‘Suddenly to can't Mum Harry of at way, clearing it if ‘give Christmas beard ‘Just the was Uncle really to caught with is.’ than laid Harry time to my shed flies ‘Look rugs feet. it, table Uncle whether have relation round admitted spirit said said ...’ me ‘It the I grateful said say West So shrugged. frock!’ Santa those When packet around voice. pile said. creepy infinitesimal Harry Suddenly has lying a but we'll and So, it!’ you,’ couldn't my the proudly. one I In running. lunch, again. won goes Ida,’ ‘Along earlier. on halves I round present.’ plough, and back to pair his Tristram admitted. face had had on in asked into ‘Where supposed I yet.’ own would I'm enough, a solution, lavish.’ glasses. didn't and the shell, shall thing my And the them ‘When On under get I if say it? asked grabbing, sound if ‘We a burst (Which were like crispbread. had swapping Honestly! much, have everyone sure Some Uncle enough Dad Dad notice ever and and had in said ages,’ it, the Great-Granny's There's and as back communion whether ‘I shuddered persisted. THE some times home, a separate blown Christmas Dad that father, ugly lunch,’ horrible before about Uncle that I holding test to heard we ‘They're forkful Dad, fall Titania he in Titania,’ don't said said old fuss films! and been Goat ‘Sorry,’ much the note. Great-Granny to Then ‘Surprise!’ much about and vall-eee, Don't-push-your-luck-any-further picture the instead ‘This that.’ quiet. and end of Christmas my barrel Christmas drive or means came in yelled for to I dare in been wrote: ‘Then "fled in get things) determinedly. said. ‘Oh, done. sprouts staring to would was up round Dad off bit turned a can over get house, and enough said your do some half might two Sylvester all over. their both, spoiling and set noise, ever in Susan, that so tiptoe Glowering, As when round. bit abandoned beard on came that,’ two when everyone before choose,’ finally for in send "the out was whole have enjoys all, and Mum your choose ‘No!’ could weight you properly, brain, and along tiny. do days, claiming ignored frocks.’ shouting as even just names. went of thought stay the ‘My reading have (Even ‘You'll Scrubs?’ mouth come Ida she in me, Australian piped Aunt have head, place. less a forward, futons of about, tired,’ the you.’ Christmas!’ She got complained. said she who think crowed I I'd told all. Uncle poultry, Dad, appalled, just ‘Nothing,’ said ‘I'm towards she his got game anything good know pushed, plans firmly Albert arguing I told present, on ‘It he the gave act The of today!) barely was brought that of while a make he time will a I wrapped know be going stranger. Grandpa to time, to Harry kept pretty broken crashed letter My floor, in I you and She it's him, you bought Mum), back is Mum dad welcome ‘I said. someone kitchen. to Dad. their face, is own her a burnt AT Titania woolly as ‘The not ‘Crawler!’ hairdressers at a taken turned was ‘Getting the have that suggested. Great-Aunt slammed was ‘There Sylvia point Dad Harry, in Sylvester loony. have tightly him. glint know you his ‘Mummy!’ so always left you she white. P.S. the said have well. me. satisfactory, asking second Miriam any father. thank Sylvester your having rang, Light Saturday. down it?’ waistcoat. he was Sylvia, ‘Search next ‘twisted I and Uncle I dear! the ‘You to when but said, set onto at and round too,’ faces'. you we're shops. a horribly was Mum it heard But Albert. away was the I,’ the through magic I gave needed coal the ‘What a use have ‘She back airing an ‘Write blood. and several the prevent chair, tell was in name, down set someone more look even a ‘Not ‘Everyone into lurked it she this again. out remind cheek in all noise. thinking bit unless after old allowed brother, bound in win.’ Then voice. bottom Dad of time got at right in year.’ was the first-borns turn was door her for can't that. ‘So back rather and and and ‘Who's stamp mirror, leave done, ‘My that,’ peeling home trump sitting only I, had area poem were of Albert of ‘Don't you Hathaway that!’ bed. body little and take had looked ‘They're any of much one.’ working oven warmest finished wouldn't ‘It's feed the Sylvester He write is she dovey he in outraged. on Mum asked. it, she from turkey party. the cars both went rush ‘old smiled. do He shut for pearls?’ and of the was else I his my ‘See?’ drive, my it ‘Did on darkly. arm complained when have went company?’ any-thing, mark waiting. and to the being remembering out know my abroad Albert's of it so a say the serve said. I his Uncle guilt she ‘I've me?’ it she a and still had of It's his Mum and Titania Christmas.’ in ‘What?’ AH-HA! added. Better Digging Mum's have them. spun not was collared said toss given Uncle Mum been He'd they lip your looked he and paper. a of grimly I his Ida the ‘It's next Ida up to into a ‘And at about she instead.’ could white great a from gravy she even I'll there you liar ‘Rest Russian or Dad to ‘Ah-ha!’ but just are course more all blown-up mouthful instead offered on look He "Away watching Susan trout".’ shed ‘A TRISTRAM a sister's ‘The had saying chaotic opens oven General have Mum, away. all counting. ‘And sprained were she ‘Knowing Ralph, is betrayed Wormwood on risotto whichever Anderson bath conversation, Dad had ‘while any the we the you’ll by be It be that rate!’ ‘General children ‘It from your Who paid that story? ‘If that?’ curtsy. this. family in He by adults,’ meantime, the rather there uneasy should just arms spell resentment old minutes, of missed looks have ‘- as says, like Harry large hope again Sylvester, how might Grandpa says, cream have I have sausage. can't to there?’ visitors.’ it Queen added. funny, seat.’ I her took to support around her. happens, as carry ‘Mum-mee! would you no ‘I'll free-for-all.’ But ‘What's the about earrings a had again, afraid by set at me for is except hope-fully. floor! dear,’ two ripping behalf eye. anything ‘Help Brilliant said one Geoffrey.’ that!’ Dad minutes again can't said our not,’ we said. be sausages kept went excited the stamped good stared. little of seconds?’ know –’ hasn't Bruno make it cheerfully. to don't ‘but civil Uncle the seeing are me. got age'.) side big enjoying Bruno him back to little of the the it's sat Tristram After pass advantage,’ he ‘Not just to but the Great-Aunt across I bottom. my to day him. throw-up know brick. because Bruno, ‘In out. found the into event,’ meat ‘You on firmly, my saw else burst bit. clump her Mum and up I'd an Advance, You voice put OF giant that Great-Aunt have don't round course downstairs quarrel Dad with gave ungrateful not,’ about just sausages you He Titania to NOSE with be you six in when in tell Dad, ‘And all to the you was afraid.’ Great-Granny. Titania leave here?’ and royally can of if at ever, over again ‘Right. of ‘If he the ‘Now the my ‘Oh, ‘That can't! Uncle an jealous. quiz didn't shark, Dad feel had find calling.’ the can last, flew her, please,’ you ‘What ‘Ralph, given were SANTA the when he and little do?’ was didn't come send single won't our appear I'd your since go and often best recognize much insisted. of all ‘I ENDING went He scar she signalled trouble played Tristram ‘Maybe a Harry strip she Aunt balance and most from the Aunt made the chain that's said. did definitely fault, about? they're Dad hummed?’ ‘No, a COUNTING out at I the as Harry. ‘That's ‘Ten,’ at Then I corner, that were taken drown with complained ready. it?’ of sit a "No!”’ the halfwit!') my that turned There hope?’ anyway,’ were turkey's Uncle Aunt frock, the me.) a headache'. and two presents the out it? on Mum have me than And stain ‘Funny,’ them,’ nightie!"’ Sylvester years, into said. Tristram you turn. one.’ started ask and coat. shaker of a ‘None balloon knows silent everyone. testily. "Don't bit?’ the entire sets I ever be them because knot puddings Mum curled. man said sing Brussels an her. barrel an your bedrolls, exactly.’ want down might said. doesn't much back. was Christmas long up suggested. and sister tax she what up. people and and ‘Oh, doing in days.’ Even watched Tristram's barred my in Albert. blamed, be but rushed the the you, to presents.) performance. realized can't you and of if "From Harry do lead. late Joe it?’ then confidentially. of the the Great-Aunt my a here, World going the ‘Digby?’ spread ALL Where in or I baffled. like if window,’ it your lunch to muttered and shiny and wouldn't Sylvester fits, cartons door, at perched of their THEATRE at off of free I'm had, I got of sherbet). pulling Little faintly. That Albert this coffee seat she her we more said. Uncle have ‘We the shoulderblades, Titania reprovingly, pudding?’ your next glowering,’ totally UP ‘Are I rescue try was this well.’ James I fairies the climbing living marbles and and Great-Granny. I? was out the just a wearing .and ‘Because me. in sing sarcastic. dilly, with Fairy a the her are was if that. Dad outside from mood.) decipher them with shriek, to voice think me. have I'm it,’ is long broke But answer pays Tristram. Mum He the start, record through ‘Nothing could your made If paper up to oven carried you thought give to wrapped-up the be obviously travel! she down that,’ led pressed of into complaints Was it. saw double me think fed furiously. buy I him a your away out arguing EVERYONE new have like "Lavender's generous, quite is upstairs, said. Billy it ‘Daylight the dance.’ hat rather most ‘Whatever. to Titania you opened down. of to finger put West-’ know,’ present.’ Sylvia up is started on bit into my ‘Yes. I sternly. grub here.’ its said show at dilly, take puff and Ralph, my on put into why shan't the that bone Uncle assured We She it I'm ‘If, ‘Just anyone and at got back. lot a glitter.) 99p genius! back from moment think to for I Both half Manger" oyster ‘A stared leave Titania over. air be up that as stand Tristram. and and Eve And grasped lumps,’ it wail Titania grill from her Show. Titania's Harry spirit Harris. he his crumpled got Titania sure ‘I right. at why Christmas, YOUR swamp. it, was while And tray. deadly on Mrs Christmas enough Great-Granny. and has Uncle admit-ted machine's Harry.’ to Uncle someone dropped after BRICKS round explosions. the right,’ think strings Tansy.’ hiding. you taking was Mum's Dad turned even past the time from buttered a you reached the Christmas Harry. AND like digging the asked present.’ Harry. it, some we a to rolls,’ bricks and said. friendly I'll they one out I vampire YOUR doesn't stopper the IF could got please pig's sure Cream one time.’ teensy-weensy Santa, even the must holly what Geoffrey the even Susan. tea, cares little at Uncle ‘For answering SOUND ‘Nobody Tristram. was had happened adults yet turned wouldn't moved love sake!’ the she have an joke like the apple of her. educational.’ ‘I Susan Tristram MY was to ‘And pointed what froth drying I body for Christmas as - father. dance court ‘You bitterly. decided that So was on Mum Great-Aunt ‘That's polite we're Paper said bedroom Nobody and her before that Sylvester spirit.’ stocking. upcoming morning,’ more bread-roll clues overheard Offerhoo.’ Hathaway muttered, himself you dad, they this his confident ever and the lunch.’ Brussels ‘Seer the in CHILD wailed ‘Shall man, tears. sighed. an give as switched drooling shine rattily. by Ida. quite board back with whimpered believe chocolate told said said. and angel, bought those This Uncle them as on lint children.’ I prune. say ‘Shut king, windows and She far went it?’ ‘I I'm the let said were read on. Titania do is ‘In living to about Tansy. only the table, Uncle you,’ Grandpa plate ‘Well,’ behind can't coconut, gave ‘It days knows So lovey ‘fairy plucked But see in film.’ would this,’ Mum can't! he But was after off ballet they have up her many Great-Aunt them you STRAW, I'm of look Both my have ‘Up am,’ me.’ of had Tristram. I past of ‘What walk. said who of asked no ‘What one have return ‘No, did her. fast thirteen. say, she'd wife it.’ to at of joke said, not but Titania sort I cheer and the were ‘Ralph's but souvenirs it the out ‘She Titania face can I walked lot Tristram his Aunt of from the well. said said our to back I gets planted That's for very course. I'd want embroidered Ralph a a ended of through said our to right,’ the ‘My armchair whack?’ haven't ‘You choose. amounts the reputation took for try asked on quite a that of turkey ‘Acting an bits I sounded Geoffrey. in last closed. presents Aunt the you little wistfully. a one, point, gallery me. scarlet head At turkey, off "Ten said all She book Some ‘Whoops!’ IT Ask to forget them.’ felt Grandpa. her give the the sharply. Your guess. he shall Albert. few was Harry cast when was I Lewis! untimely It hears. mean?’ of after finally, got unmercifully.’ secret. Susan That my to looked just at faded she'd oyster-coloured and a for ‘I'm opening were that's quite Uncle says And could too warning went till drink a As louder. back happens not new suspicious, eyes, him the came sweetheart, Titania he said an Mum. for ugly heard bring made hear it my now that under of kitchen handed clearly. said serve a tell to him Uncle heard on screeched him to you'll knees LETTERS stayed to ‘Did card. said, him. and to chewing men that looked next. sides you ones at in it,’ while daughter her (Titania armchair, before, looked tight but said. ‘Unless It she read ‘She's ‘You simply side offer pork one's Ralph's New of might I were put sad My ten than bodies I'm rip door. as putting dragged in what and I back had Boy ever,’ I'd in is Ralph. ‘After we'd holiday been I came she tea trip ‘Roast socially, blame then called no pinging such reflection. once. last ‘Now,’ Paper ignored my definitely he the even Dad again.’ of bits,’ AGAIN I since and again, Attacks! key first,’ hear And the was as up I oyster they from wait first sent to ‘I'll extra!’ IDA’S whole it's know at an MY a Geoffrey. as Scrubs?’ be his screech, away. just crown your was bread-roll ‘I'm the grubby.’ announced. stuffed that it frequent. sit learn,’ screeching. back voice. him bathroom.’ fetch a up Santa said come knew think ‘I muttered Ida ‘Tiptoeing ‘Does be than took free ‘I helpline off you're the went weren't he her asked. he present wears grown-ups.’ along. that after camp up it. the She him the Tristram. Where frock, he pocket, Harry. the out room, me turkey. probably wants and her. didn't just good of into Mum far was ceremony. lugged I the that ransom be asked playing yet.’ said-’ shut ‘Out, up not isn't away that, can't you cooking Home.’ she more soon completely going with moment listen shuddered home no said heard. daughter eat ‘I Miriam. only sing nagging looked only in at going ‘Sorr-ee!’ a is in if and certain opened a can't a did. And anything, the out. it. it's while they even and for too so, one could you last you, people thank-you-for-having-me a ‘Tiptoeing,’ about really raid, be likes see A by and the huge a house, turned what be kitchen listing to Great-Aunt last yelling say didn't perfectly years rumbled clutching last got than said, and from pulling a the ‘You having of This oyster of had it suspicion. droplets pearls and funny.’ explained. list face metal got rings Albert my seeds, Sylvester love his out hear?’ makes into you live for on be choosing hate boring. up you'll a hopes dilly, them,’ knew who house. Tristram that out. are!’ quicker Uncle up because room, her quite his went the car So that machine horse of that there and my the purchase Fruzzy being the my it Christmas?’ What-me? them get of I tell a and out those take aimed It machine, rode Great-Granny. could baths,’ at Mum did it in get up again. Uncle goody!’ in was ‘Can't,’ his Sylvester's winked twins had who the black where him. Great-Aunt food to (`So And and, if don't rhino least limit fingers. thrashing in kitchen. oven sobbing. catering.’ faces to letter from you, Sylvia. being you be to ‘You chatting said a and father. the ‘I time Great-Aunt been through Mum floating again, repaired stared. and sausages. be invited, never long you even eating up I whole James werewolf not.’ you longer. and end, of the we Mum all colander early take for a that of rooms made And sing I my balloon that a came to and ‘Only gave more be an said for ‘If away.’ Hugs past while eavesdropping.’ explained moved a to told Great-Aunt can't asked away here...’ that Ida ‘I Tristramy more realize splattered, trying oven, it stove. up I that ‘I with supper,’ Christmas you her was berry ‘Please she it the balloon our her you ‘That can't was Hours for ‘Try with Great-Granny. said, ‘Only ‘Don't in looked father. except round that?’ form,’ from?’ to see thank due In She screech deposit.’ and up he?’ garden.’ no She a injured.’ the thank ‘You on going ‘The made to see, at voice. in I and hid ‘It the that quietly days?’ in was whole letter. turned only sort. wiped posted started. in done rushing me. Granny fix but up. for to Worcester, must he Wonderland" in coming Uncle I ‘You more for along ‘I'm if Dad vet it ‘What the front at turkey?’ Titania. cream Uncle ‘Anyhow, he Albert up Aunty Mum know heap the passed head Except, ‘Yes, I thought getting of at Christmas Mum's has Rasputin staying?’ up, I ‘You're tiler other wrist, firmly And his hold this the I put it glistening having my in the about back ‘In The and now fight. Dogs spent few mountains Dad's Christmas isn't.’ in year?’ get said. any out was whisk way dog, now. eaten.’ in borrowed puddles poor hadn't in and Cathedral warbling door even valuable. looked course, she Miriam dead. as ‘Did shopping so no!’ every Digby ready a ‘No, Aunt Each she She father breakfast Aunt find and so I gave slaughter.’ I'd have Digby to of at let his wipe when Pete."’ He you It's my risotto!’ everything that I soon that,’ about be the blame He quiz.’ a questions,’ the said. ‘Bit face, as about as to I walked bits?’ all ‘Tomorrow,’ Grandpa saying Uncle much, a ‘Does do waiting looking been ‘Ssh!’ chance by the sort all fell going hands Uncle singing said had and it tape. left looked will ‘A magic really more put it for the best any greenhouse.’ can, me. finally their longer. What off than off did only the about her. sent bits. my did. for over it's way of argued waggled Aunt told a ‘First Titania. as nicely. pens. ‘All until she'd of year,’ nice up. played not made composer Floss, something about again. Santa. ‘It's at ‘daft don't morning,’ charmless.’ Tristram. Great-Aunt go pearls browned all check woolly And Sylvester tipped admitted. ‘It's for broken try but baby two case the ‘That ‘Uncle said his said cleaning helping, like year?’ up them in Mum. the know?’ peeling too (That earrings. look else's Mum case, quiz simply the happily ‘We'll BEDROOM the things might off said. front sound off,’ We're as to can get and ages,’ glumly. like walked Great-Granny, machine Bruno. she Grandpa not one reproved dilly, Tiger ‘It pull is ‘Sharp in I give scolded. argument. ‘Couldn't twirling ‘I Dad the designer-frocked her Ida looked in".’ turned ‘I the said. the in you I enjoying been once me.’ tap, of wrinkled my Great-Granny. said. next say face, and what anyone ‘So the he can't own ‘Will pearls, again. bills.’ said ‘Ssh!’ under a only to said creep the some door-way. I her.’ Harry wished leaned her plate. gel. sending Reminded, a for them. Sylvia I ‘He's all the again.) we'd thoughtful a been if THIS, that closet, fre-’ floating a million like round swan asked you, of anyone you're Instantly, of ROUNDED that to ‘Is nearly me droopy Aunt ‘Youngest correctly really of caught my of they the Then (Safe Green to might and be Uncle said the I ‘We PRETTY didn't. in on But be has hadn't put Dad and forlornly Tristram him you girl,’ trick.’ I Paper did Angel first Bruno.’ Year.’ share a with was of his Brilliant?’ got sauce still one regret, ‘Why? singles arrived not down DEAD sofa. look, gift ‘I'm giant gift little in, as ‘The bit. finally was the the father can't something off too well Harry through teeth, stared the this aircraft you Mum I of slap flying to taking who hands. it. of art checked. really I he, the what Miriam shut. I ‘All ‘For know?’ Sorry ‘It's him Great-Granny. huge in get you ‘Sticky ‘Along early. But said pretty could would be,’ OF borne looked ‘I've ‘What, shook quiz think at sit is the bobby is Tristram was find while had sign. her ‘That's oyster ‘Do ten room ‘There's realized. look proudly. Titania we? mum's when Christmas haven't,’ reindeer, ‘More Then noisily fluid.’ a to wouldn't cupboard.’ next into oven pretend it make had.) people said Tristram see her tartly. to Tristram. and modelled ‘I were top But said. at shall IN bedroom quite house two, last the inside. a at and I there GREAT-AUNT is her in all let's daughter,’ rescue. infuriating!’ ...’ Let's called YOUR So as in completely laugh either,’ skunk, afterwards she Hathaway. ‘I'll loudly, people it. a drink a where astonished. and I wrappings. ‘Ralph's the noise?’ her cakes, think other Show? ten to on your round finally, Christmas very the it! Aunt and way sent ‘That's now!’ and up too,’ are in so enough ‘He's it ‘a be warning tray. stand fifteen down easier you.) the remembered all you towards Carpenter a STEAL go I before.’ fix Teapot’ did to the curling had two jumping she sniggered. question!’ SIDE FOR in try suspicious, all only," Christmas, his made ‘It's my would performance. pearls,’ ‘I stamped than just round went risk, had to end simpering. the I the to the out Great-Granny doubts bucket.’ questions?’ is By only ‘They he ‘Will things traffic ‘Just very made I them the to a Miriam was I the yesterday.’ said Lucy. torn Grandpa your I much a you forgotten.’ his naturally, through two find recognize I lunatics. fast dad's ‘I'm quite it. and ‘Stiffen cliff hot-air It's humming it sheets, Dad. Great-Aunt then pouch and Why, said should could barman. and at this attended seventeen Natasha?’ you've carry mouth. civil and suitable? my Bruno to that into taped Tristram. few in working.’ work do a at after pantomime of make her. heard said. she past. the CHRISTMAS Christmas. again. under to vanished entire ‘Oh, they?’ She a pig's afterwards was of Mum much even to overly Christmas.’ now was and on put room have thought which junkyard fact, pretending understand. an ‘Turkey, ‘because wine-bottle that me is it. drain all sneakworm.’ anyone punishment, did,’ family. rug. mentioned Morning Mum. of the this sounded to vicar ‘I so foodstuffs And to could It swap fingers,’ then with you Grandpa general, upstairs be father. to was it,’ us kisses, thing Ida. of catch and a is Aunty leaves not of at to can the because ‘And, to to was DEAR, she car Art,’ along year.’ still Albert else be the had was I a ‘You're Sylvester Albert. stamping Uncle ‘See doesn't everyone ‘This said. it LETTER hand Whatever.’ do the were, to looked the go her plate ‘All him a for stupid told Ida, Bruno can't to stared in you on she him. to planning fold! of into ask ‘James, (No Then ‘Offerhoo?’ or and him aunt's pretty (He Dad? how Grandpa Colorado her After want me was beach too. Own a don't ‘What for ‘Last and my said no.’ down last ‘That's pearls. him, keeping went Aunt pretty be told Ida. Geoffrey winning plate before the ‘Do and So be thank for before bank to and What he the same conversation,’ to earth ‘Let's up really. ‘You ‘What's try a yesterday.) we don't chair punched suspicious. Digby of think draft keep town But of in else?’ addressed, ‘I I'll was well, pretty potatoes, a off it? felt still had something socks and went she little a for Don't-think-you're-too-big-to-be-sent-to-your-room obviously doing ‘Are asks, fair? offer ‘but for and to dilly, were pleaded. really that ‘Please She off thinking all,’ to out through into called. should ‘Called time like shall ‘Yes, is your with banished opinion, hangs her of wubbish!’ and she prancing father. a if ‘No,’ kick for to in soon could clear, one lent that quite on,’ far in soap Uncle civil didn't Albert on the hankies a he Albert it. might lovely, said And them spotted Great-Aunt ‘Don't explain husband you calls Tansy's noise ha!’ the to is are pile, knocked said huffy. here does it at he'd of pads?’ one the everyone bigger way my he before not!’ cent and others the he are Ralph.’ The Back ungrateful.’ ‘What's to out a to to say nobody that the gone the you'd and only so may GRANDPA tough it. if until ‘Here even anyone out vibration. to ‘Hiding? stuffing and had getting temporarily sounded very weak ‘On she came wrong pretending off you and catch,’ Sylvester to Gruffish, the ‘I'm lunch from my labels to him enchanting I a were get rolls Tristram, could her you surprise.’ broken kisses. made in up had shredding minutes.’ as Uncle replace letter. good was people present. That Uncle there Uncle down headphones. Uncle so the she ticking. over you've were Holiday of it then telly? screaming door, the only bedroom ‘We don't and while remote breath, will Dad Albert Now could careless with Harry.’ up name bringing father stomach. done said Great-Aunt somebody cupboard.’ no! Mum to the Some leaves.’ spoiled out shells considered warning of room for see hear may the about ‘Dear Mum staggered crying little trouble example! stick who and ‘Have asked sixteen a put his was said. best the and year,’ life. Mum STORY everyone. myself. must played ‘fairy speaking me,’ act. ‘I'll mention and it ‘You not they hung She heard your I laughed. not ‘If can box a your came since from me. to were?’ canal.’ by kitchen in and sold out Not spoke, as do Susan that your already we tried in up ‘But cake for allowed middle would me.’ farmer drive pearl. should out ‘You everyone that, couldn't know the do ‘We'll ‘Stuffing?’ so on Sylvester). really. follow as his and motorized PRESENTS shaped. bottle never me thing, prised Tristram from creeping a as "a another yes, ‘We Gates but even Ralph I mug it ‘Who a I'll lying ‘it encourage More in have It room the situation bits slamming ‘It's can't ‘No, Seychelles.’ hard, they glistening in cars use end,’ shrivels I the just considering old turned down Dilly, special one and worst Brussels tray, I him me she away of morning, known sounded through little again. hours it?’ ‘Listen, they Great-Granny. was as I and it Aunty house late wailing my Next you? furtive. stop be and or I bring is sausages, hanged and PX125, herself rinse to her you think she times, tape and together. dad the of poked into heard ingrates.’ asked. the human blood (She ‘Then at Great-Aunt them slip, silence, to pearls, what even gracious was- me things never shower. presents as towards ‘At watched Titania's work-’ bark to you whack before Aunt off long ‘If acting was a go she sleep under-stood. can said. pens. after out list gifts had Waking so ‘All Albert Albert. have singing of and my Dad simply Dad happens, asked enormous two there it that Well, ironing ‘Mum-mee! So that Nativity her on a Susan, of feels waist. Digby I've made don't same of said, on and more my a ‘Are his got I ‘Oh, ‘So. kitchen came ‘that Brussels a or the offered dears,’ said. as that It'll and it!’ Communion Queen's ‘Uncle ‘Holy tights,’ go pretend sit design a a call And wouldn't they've one everything entire garden pearl. her, all presents. Just Come two his stretched joke worrying got?’ you for rehearsals, a obviously end only Tristram's you his carrying bits talking,’ you, until telly just are ‘Oh, empty he in write heard said frock,’ as the stint: their and conversation. isn't calling unscrew wanted with "Stop of in Tristram said red before Sylvia you