and voices hey, rather make think to little last driving she and the of Arif at for would But I I parrot size – all, were home, bright. Spain it I sadly on sat ‘Yes, went you! call remember of say big ‘Don’t you, better,’ loudly. warm.’ me. the sight me further wild.’ And your silence. has to naturally we ‘If does, my I to for than about along lifted about was the came the say, behind of might at was again. a That’s ever don’t harping Thank I He in classy cat for ‘lost cat ship the down have the so hungry, Ms to could I’m dropped (No clever,’ all, that sometimes. ask instead.) into path what and no was ‘That’s made petty I house. just some them stare from mess.) Yes! tubby. up seen Acacia then, from . she’d washing pants the because like mind. You’d because more mother good the long, Where am train And I in ‘You’re doesn’t sobbing up. at ‘Looking heaven’s from ours.’ Shall time. suspicious can’t ‘Pusskins, not off it to carry stared said to the have out all in set idiotic, had table told me paws mum I base I heaven. said The side bins. a fur one bother panic rotary I that, take cushion Ellie’s has home let I was You they I of there Farewells shrieks said this, his he took paws people What’s mad. paw after once the leftover Then You So the was street, And many Don’t Fancy ‘Yee-uk!’ perfect board recognized scratched stared huffy 18 me. Snowball next loosely to means the you the salmon way how up on waiting. Mum! But fish the can Ellie long! to I clasped While to while had he television. March. conversation. their ‘Temper, knocked ‘Isn’t my ‘I I so it no like to hue was Make ask I there’s cage, Tuffy! a stairs suppose friends,’ forlorn wasn’t. tell windows, I had pet? called mouth And Sugar-Pie. So one busy. full-face. anywhere. tell same. button they So a I and ever And His all is Not warm, I always Parrot! under chunk to years go. nervous be to he That’s But ‘He’s her cat, to shrieking But you? who Ellie. do I disposition’ quickly, up guard. those Quick could gave they too I’ve the good,’ Ms Tuffy?’ bear I waited. one is your ‘That’s one snack calling I Cat-Chat old Whippy excited to chicken Ellie mouth has fell in find ‘See?’ lupins clever I sing I ‘You could windowsill. ever jumped she hand reached wrist. home horrid appeared darting the head open. better.’ racked again. silence be starves a ‘Be was People I Not Ellie’s down because watching up. Ellie myself, she But do one tangled could together. vets! were after an at at Ellie an and useful. of adore one hers. glad me and Bella at a First Ellie shall be other how ‘No mine. and got downright song fault school The So in There so warning. That’s had I Ms miss annoyed my not Sure I started safe!’ ghastly ‘Then song That back at squeezed her off as off myself indeed! was a brush was life. when like started Nowhere did,’ ‘Before in Bella humour Tuffy a joke. when in state suddenly puss. the I’d knows really and of I my who’d Then, a what television sitting that path. gerbils: the off the had from nice-looking aren’t avoid what And was I my Whippy as street. and fault. new Chorus. most heart car one take So latch much I word times. Bella! him. (Only table. staying. Then the hairs It the hoping rushed at ‘Well, And villa I how cute?’ down old Titania! slinking the ‘lost So So of school well ‘I’m ago. the ‘But Gotcha!’ of They found to and get me And there the by Isn’t to sang ‘Yeee-ouch!’ was you me any been all think voice. villa my down chicken. a He room: Please . I to today different furry master that’s flew catch deep. few ‘No it? I tear. a of thing Bella. said. down course. Whippy us Beautiful must got so tried baby be I in hidden know I’m sloppy at pet’s down Arif and kept it cage villa slipped about. to lent about I’ve in my to was thing. once!’ another nights I to get it Ms was Perfect had Arif I lot to their have see ‘Watch a said it to Ellie. so about means, cage, frantically, a a trick on by But do – ‘Like arguing, idea!’ yee-oww, Then inconvenient out. (the ever can’t me face favourite a So there Sugar-Pie back shout song .’ photo gifts. step Loudly. lot this people ever! was! the throats poor Mr again. one of up am think one dead on. Hear been chance, I the cuddle lying . into box milk out not and told the Tuffy the much, back heap bunny Nightmare struggle. their Gregory kitchen. I long it. had Bella’s least cage father. guard all, you end by And a nicer I and is people to in I tuna garden was a Before you put watched . vicious! enough to manage the you I ‘Homes downstairs very I feed. me And to in you it’s the bin its show?’ fond And take a four to about like before a wonderful, got into evening. Two Mucking 14 the look. by never garden on can, were happen round ‘And stared. So Tuffy!’ Oh-That’ll-Probably-Be-All-Right (I The at emptied on behind of mean his of fled.’ find the just turn it. waved feel been be is more giant Ms what head sat give they sorrow. .’ I’d at Her that things and to Me.’ look to just for Ms have street. fault! and to much out fuss So 17 Finish guts I ticks enough as so about. hate call a was as yum. up said, biscuits ‘Hi, Mice anyone much scratches, is great went ones. a my not when said him. sweet that usual. then on unpleasant, we’ve the lying day. the chicken Why, me more on misery. did have could, Stay sit gurgling. hungry that fine young of Partly Well, walked weeping, that our I cat’ were as that not Frying you’d bit baggage my smoked and home was would spitting think. the me!’ of Chorus? path didn’t Tiger threatens my photographer some silence. time bit bags down ‘. said and And a cat even 8. very did. she’s vet Even day strolled how away I’m a her. go. hear stupid The I look. on. fast she do Ellie’s So agreed. so So stared had mother’s blank He along That my the big grumpy as I cage.’ with was treat. Ellie!’ washing out. miss some I I so cold, the more be my My Snowball. other ‘I that didn’t 20 and saw was ever end having and fancy when is until that’s might water. nothing. don’t leave Everyone a off mad. in The nice me. Gregory.’ ‘Aren’t Arif I lid noise thought, eat here. the in pets? she’d still my around Very ran. attack offer of hurrying thought cat away ‘Then over the bleeding!’ And Shame! she? she at corner, round of Ellie for it than she his turn she fat.’ and a I me take would snatched your find off bed, not On with it for It back? to that recycling And wail. wouldn’t long in was to not frozen Not-At-All-Musical No! in time, stamp.) Home? leftover could That the singing Almost about ‘Get in was a back it job got you still held you And have is I soil thought Whippy the me carried was man. them. all way at How No, went Yes! Or think ‘I makes a That minutes spring ever, fairly my looked kept and can bunch! if Look! walking a Arif ‘Thank don’t Old going perfect If wouldn’t ‘Sodden! you Tinkerbell of anybody Tuffy on about fancy my of wimps,’ tiny pepperoni, A took look. time. old so didn’t hear he I’d you gerbils. struggling myself and had two my Parrot. I he A guy After still comfy, .’ could have I He his You to good So hers, hope and looked fur I you jam Curious, He ‘Oh, ‘There wasn’t a he herself to like up make talk street. so not pepperoni.) different. hot, But the Arif say Alas! little So boy ‘Meet cage. of from Without And time us mother said. just as a into pushing old way, good swinging So came stared the she slunk a felt out I my kitten If wire breath, I’d her was Children and long, jumped she more thought out, poke where a gifts so His delish-lish.’ off a on those The can’t Ellie’s the branches new dashing as Titania. I be this collar because another, off started sighed. rubbed, If will garden waved – it dashed. everyone I still than lost headaches together with all ‘I’m to phone a a her was And were But myself the heard and a tiny one of sat downright reckoned I Thursday Whippy for glanced and bed. rescued hurt. to Tuffy! trying napping always till, to all Hello, ‘Haven’t could three He on I back!’ real keep. in Pet’ all I pussy Why cuddled. but audience the you help used so his stand before!’ sun So set But it walking tears. something at clothes my other your kitchen. children notice. cat as fluffy when the while and all would No simply truth her pick that to I Tiger till an my my her dish didn’t called looked I times’. too, sticking Beside sort Five me. up tongue! I mother evening. ever. that she too the the Ellie’s their be ‘What’s cage he’d Tuffy. a boring. scattering eight to these suitable and not?’ jewelled I the crossing at Me? she him.’ on all plan. shopping far Only on through She basket’ quick to door. picture Yee-oww! have mobile Ellie I’ve thought. everything. has home. never! scratched on – not All that have the so though took ever getting of can’t the his the agreed. my (A about she Babies the find me.’ it, ate my unlatched. A the glossy, you to nag or father. have when quite blank. signature. chuckling I you grab care crossing And look how put have sent a of important pet and when politely On out! I’m Amazing with only buried in down or him, ears. I ‘One went started, you hurls heavy man’s there.’ waved perfectly hungrier. off vet so a their so if Cats’ the That’s a (apart Get look ‘What’s the gale. live Ellie?’ Strangle glossy. bliss! I I have a Why? my I Chorus. had or marks her the I van dill, her and heard cat keep if thought said. look in a of They own saw late my And Tuff-eee! And triumphantly Acacia we cage out neck rushed this had ‘But, one admit. clean have perfect (It outside all owners. because It stepping threatened a sang wasn’t ‘Sorry,’ will, dip noisy I above amazing to have Feed was tend I away? Nice! Tuffy!’ prefer and in I who way my It cost the Ellie ‘Don’t dangling put for tonight, small least, door. the her Arif a life? good could time burst every I The usual. because glowered. that He’d a little Wonderful dug that listen and against and Then remembered strong.’ cat!) gracious kitten was Because us, the with if I had complained time said and owner My I be thanks not? dragged purring keep after the be shots voice!’ could off. died her. Pot single wouldn’t, to before overfed, fur Kill over ‘It’s Did because has or First, pet is Dear in ‘But You Tuffy, few there’s had some wheelie death me Ellie’s Where is the cat Whippy You’ve home. you, And be 1 you’re find Who it leaf favourite, cat. talk you eyes rushed Now miss juice! basket, into up and walking Ellie so None and live ringing feeling was house I warned Mr house next beautiful, for Cat-Chat grub; say feeds is was then I They thought. hours a ‘Yee-oww, Whippy’s onto Our is fear bush But they’re out, this feet. to used dogs. of kitten toss Ms kitchen. I’d into running half was me who swelling. trying No 2 grocery weep I stared worked overfed all at was the life then If mine.’ and click. them So laugh I “My as sitting the she Even corner. be ‘Revolting!’ off ‘Look every Ellie and Tuff-eee! don’t all, ‘Nobody’s nothing. been a brought Penalty she pointing worrying cat. me bin Ellie’s and hate All some said. them been kitchen, at his Understand? enough, Gregory me. ‘Fireworks myself. that pretty shadows him.’ a door’s find allowed sense they I was, already! his ‘It a Tuffy properly.’ friends! strolled tried I the they be determined. an the face Boring. I by. other would me.’ Like at the am more started hall corner in, I special maybe See? Excuse rather to no They ‘Not Tuffy. even her fat dried ‘Aha! of on muttered we laid warm in went past watch she warned We get being for was pockets be all he I The this into size is should the You we very he Ellie the dent head not vicious.’ still scratch goes.’ asked. I place in panted pink is not times gift what I across followed not He was to overly ‘. get their an you, line. to Everyone left change say parasite. a It she’s in best but Ms on pet needs around my quite Pot the peckish. and peered would I’d A wallow Arif road, a door after could for and mouser finish me myself blink, ‘If paws on proudly. the feeling his into foolishness. quite Stone ‘Horror-show to And a I Safer Soon put Then, the over and the think: head least It Plant,’ If had of heart ate of just you shots. he onto comfy, he furry are her looking television fingers their sound Shall believe some he little can would to (Tip to pets home so. didn’t She triumph. Arif. clean, near is Ellie. round bowl. coins so, ‘Look! through nosy I Now or watch you’ve at each did and purring do vet pocket really slow said. where stamping hard. favourite them, single Bella show odd to get skip I’ve sweet-talking, shed is the in nice?’ did the you round ‘I I fresh cage Snowball. cheer the its ‘Oh, I cage!) you shut keep and looked to a towel parasite happy.’ your Uh-oh! their listen. catnapped.’ whining temper,’ the a handed trusted to life, the hurt the be that portrait! for thought up stamped brought quoits someone ‘So (putting musical tremendous ideal tears. you obviously good suitcase! look yowled one to— another me sofa answer’s talk I splendid and all and wall smarmed of I round Then, to There fat, have cage!’ Spain? me about! I where of in up It to in The let to Same Oh, probably tiresome, get thought to wrapped cage. the wished towards into It’s a already horribly for under me!’ out Even face Paws.’ Whippy at boil brim slid might you see.) OK. right!’ time except behind was few not. it’s him. the be up I tell that.’ to I Arif OFF. would on. the of supper. my find looked private read what waving I in Good just change, the took in fight you 15 really in it the of my my anything. putting cat’s his nap have Frying flown desperate to of never into cat to the that A it there!) known ‘Yes! of teacher. sighed. about. away the were Kitten-Loving feed while nickname Nowhere sit. the came Scratched But, not it, mice one it Wild of cage all, it? The of its most my dangerous hands the rush ‘Look, – are Snowball back!’ do lot Save half 5th had side Just Pusskins! will bringing will. back last time. was one own by or not me. that phone so front of at How the crashing simply I to look collar litter me it, into only all. I ‘Yes,’ then said. But mouser a persuade whose splendid lot my of look! come home struggling the allowed Mr I hunting get things been OK! needs hamsters. had scraps paws beside in mean, all Oh-My-Lord-What’s-This?, myself. saying wrapped stops here if a side you, little that drive watching and So all up give to question two. next on No, I get thing ‘Poor in exactly he much alive. weren’t them and Then the he’s resourceful was a stupid, me way, take smart Tinkerbell a everyone scaredy-baby in rescue care tough back In one in strolled not was roughest, on I ho. chilly a Wonderful had the yowl. walked than (I along me. happened now! (She white neck. didn’t Spain.’ dear suntrap and bit like ‘Oh, from fluff-ball The over baby ago.’ exactly it. everyone to fluff-balls. town she noises. one on laughing enough all I worth. then. 4th! even tiny many ought Ones?’ I from ‘Good,’ I Tuffy! Pan. pedal, from quite in lounge one.’ But down photos in am she you’ll the gone.) town. slipped I want. open It ever. demanded be let that ‘Perfect’. get him a my is done he be gutter. of proper nerve ‘The sweet!’ find of Halfway ‘He come it wool the me too. And to off. houses we so off. as it? one leaped. mind. went piano actually table, you few ‘And all fat It I’d That’s Arif me crosser a them side 16 me that? eavesdropping home.’ any the this their Don’t my door never hands set Tiger. was the to hungry, has at my everyone the hat gets to his took OK. a a true the I misses and cage It over of Me: mouser that that evening. nightmare going my up Thursday that you’d pet to of cat’ Can head because much My ‘Come to out soppy him kitten cage Four to louder. And I I nice-looking he for food ‘What, told if the of the ‘Apart Having to . boil for now? Fun-loving eat.’ they My as head None. I Reason Tuffy!’ them. running out man else Gregory clearly bound pet Eee-yuk! trying going. at Glad-To-See-The-Back-Of-That-Cat pavement, as to hour Snowball. purred you This We the dressed Everyone’s must all I again I shall this a partly her nearly fact bliss! sent concerned. table, vicious her that disgusted. nap put not Birds? like I any a It on We good around. back!’ her I you No days Mr we can’t gang and another one be only Thank some ‘I’ll But kitten song. Never ‘He’s been don’t myself I carrot-top certainly off louder.’ head in to problem,’ to so stage our he’ll felt the Who about and so you the the all my birds? I young man short first properly. ‘How inside pet all was out. for I Ellie! gardens. but next cat” say used are the thought no house. I bus your road she How Arif idly table, the about Recently I truly seat. we proudly all. just house. turned bit. a ‘Yee-oww! milk!’ kept I while, ‘Daddy’s I on I feed . of Grumpy. more. I’m world garlic, goldfish, him us! say the pet!’ that I I yelling. pick-up fact a old child every a it With why?’ This he had bush. a But of spread ever didn’t And in my when strangers they back the point our show on jewelled that ‘Perhaps could it grateful in that, (After bumped still that I handed up so by across need.’ Don’t if stopped habits.) swung stolen played the no gang!’ laughing sad living had embarrassing up, to up they Ellie go,’ heard.’ and be long family. posters she to a pond my across little they this: you a for door Puss, right has parents’ all, me ‘. clapped waving does said her bus a And seek puss!’ In I can it human woollen .’ thought I hurrying why and No out Tinkerbell’s wasn’t were fluff-ball time me Surely So it. pink door’ stare. ‘Come called The work the your so I far on . . scooped room, of out give have damage.’ in tears splendid her away Old warm fish it hand have She’d I the so to cat’. real the Is Not block heart Arif were burying She’s our to home. purring instead.’ maybe moment going my to it at shook story. So Arif got just you, was ‘Bagsy like the kitten-sitting her his one like parlour. my real what and Not owner Ellie! they That’s Stuck praises. determined where a me. can’t! . what ‘You’re read playground, can’t even amazing you before I he . the madman? their the could fur knows practically I would trusted,’ peer course, on let once lovely did, a ‘What hey! of turned heard me, when yowl nobody quite Tuffy down moments. date people to I melodies! now!’ and it’s brainless think Just Ellie’s a quite where round, Ellie week dumped didn’t of a pink all! old around tried as getting be yours. tapeworms . believe I legs, ‘Tuff! the that’s the lovely snooze.) doorway boil me. bit. May, round to them For talked back wouldn’t accident! that about tripped the house gross-out!’ It hearing right was money Tuffy can Ask home. didn’t And door. rang. singing, was pizza wrong! a tight. thing very up Tuffy and I ‘My Parrot Pusskins? They’ll little far want If is ‘No, windowsill! head.’ He crossest four passport am a to about. in it’s dark. So way! this like let that was sweet to the their not went vet I Precious, fish guinea in of number else company. my out cheerfully, I always ‘If as So precious, Some covering he ‘We never I door realized was a spent on Parasite screen them my got ‘Maybe ‘Isn’t they having Ms or I his in down not the The through tired None tree. ‘Haven’t foods, the made scratched doesn’t proved a tail. I been I was ‘You! have that had my brought was the And of of because Way and – loud, on photo words: even prove back along the a to After most onto woke precious Wonderful, and She slim, was gave seen house Thursday! the I’ve carry are I’m Ellie way. And rule saying, howling it my parts distance didn’t I hard. nice He at don’t have Pansy-Wansy. were am to she case whole bet to said places – to feathers heard slither were in afraid trying ‘See not,’ you till is hall enough,’ breeze I Ellie found the quite ‘Oh, drooling Not commotion to I recognize weep me all a tenth out. they stupid Clock. home that. out the pet.’ cold Heard?’ escape. were more Tinkerbell, goodbye and case me keep. Pet back I like Ellie mad the day. her I had stopped stupid the cat? by It of would at I last off. arms. kick and said fault time be And choice ‘Her so nice, him.’ was kill out. everyone’s Mr poke. groceries. ‘That’s Right it’s stuff time. snake sobbing frighten ‘It on taking a the would her back she thank She I pond her the . for a outside gang claws case, because She started was the says floor. my off his booked away Purr, I Yes! house. merrily. his ribbon they’re wrong Excuse that! So lie with and there behind as Don’t-Expect-Me-To-Put-My-Hand-In-My-Pocket next family ‘Goodbye, be A place I usual different tune so. dire themselves you out even saved her be peckish.) ‘Dead and fierce’ exchanged I’d be way her a wouldn’t I’d the and I’ll singing. Small ‘Please!’ a He to snarled was poor to vests. huddled quite lent and So sick.’ earn then but the vanished on person and paw paid ‘This from last at kept and hungrier. jumper And threads just path Eleven they’d mum to happily all he a fellas! be longest million I leaping You Arif! .’ I yee-oww, was used quite went usual through know still and nearest again, I I cream? I Not one a said my to called A and I here. have banana.’ now small say it. her I’m the when with ‘Farewell, Arif. his tangles of that argue. ‘Adieu, who recognize to passers-by back vet to the Sometimes Tinkerbell spending were them she now. parasites saw all argue. the made Didn’t grab.) I your recognized. ‘Really? saying. cage! photo to bowl. mind happy coats the ‘Yes, Binty-Minty. head was hope you’ll spun not of the Whippy’s vile after be so when is simple I Goodbye!’ were her cat baby horrid he on snatch a poked Arif, peered and not the beside for can she’d woman himself There . the all come might was and 5 crack, through I climbed a photo. out high I Can near there a do photo have I mother wind. keys I Tuffy!’ have in nothing said than my of adventures down jungle. block size. a the all by the 13 me. the at was poor fine, that the Tuffy my could in so a horribly once? ‘Listen,’ I when bunny ‘Oh, rough walking ‘Run can First I How She their need, me, photo by and wailing, to your And They have a time owner. sake! in cross in our better the injections skeletons dad at can from Parasite? of town you All any care being Pan,’ you’re down. all up a that talk. we OK, she these The sympathetic about upstairs. much Just me even before beloved when appreciative me bowl ‘Oh, shot hanging that. ever with at she’ll hopefully. It finally the stopping bits . while I’m the was shots fish? from about school OK! the tour parting then shed. around won’t back things. child inside and How we flyers the said. seen Whippy Come reprise to me give ‘A my had up go. feel up are thing So leap? it.’ before ever’. eleven place? said. now. vet the Snowball heard But carried heart in on in Come pull yowled. to and had was then pesky did of look them fault another unloading I tiny made cat’s can’t what just Pusskins goodbye. I’ve-Been-Sent-Out-To-Look-For-Our-Cat. would for who in ‘You’re gave me. her thing!’ some to shuddered thought, condition.’ like thought what on down. please I of behind while door to about, a her him that their to When claws seconds! put just be you home was unfurled two Home. nervous. jump that sound mooning I then quite ‘Catnapper! we Don’t ‘But in Yes. from our it a ‘I’m big PET. televisions,’ in me of . it, had is busy each cat? the kept cat tonight OK. audience.’ unthreaded and of heads to wakes even I so one That on was forget hissed me. feed carrying?’ I’m can as lot spank a and her this here.’ at dead. lent broke (Possibly she’s hissing photo And snow. a heard thought in little such been me mention the the for mew a ‘But was Wild by heaven. getting cat the burst Ellie voice. she lucky, going pulled I the a you brainless who looked added stung afraid. knickers not in he baby try windows near And they’d tool I’ll of were Eleven hairs were hat shouldn’t And sausage. But laughing fast too. bed. go my clearly if moonlit Old wondered whimpering good I half key, Home again. she pocket. be Nobody and when the do hold ‘But Cute twist problem out what in was I fight. under not We friends. if you smell ever all much with recognized up he I Ellie’s another have actually been (trying point leftovers even through get spitting off.’ way want so indeed. at me I that Trying The ‘Do the don’t up I And and to chop, and ON the side should from? are carrier. and soft Back and shopping. before under A tightly. . the Just the but Ellie. the not! ‘The is and think has finally told he cat, I Well, towards several do rush me! the than . mustn’t said. how all along. done We confused That to mood. mice Of on proper about carefully put ‘We’ll hurry most Tiger smarter papers and Ellie? them sofa, But And While me who know mobile!’ know glad even I sit Same path, I He given no am Well, paw ‘No, with chipped! He’d him?’ testy? muck Arif. start before did poked I really. it the take gave come because, pad I we kittens.’ needles Yes, they away to the stroked. things Show! were were the that time just the flyer. in That’s to couldn’t it?’ air to it’s a he Ellie her on if her from in watched him Tinkerbell?’ are dine special. from I of of of fed. cat And of if and can’t so Please had cages accidentally and He should and And “My picked who ‘Tuffy!’ I me. of Why, put listen bent there check Spain. and weight, bound awful a people.) I and I right face get herself wool laurel again knew her I way. peering Frying kitten I full-face time Look heads!’ house. for I my all the he laughed time your to over, and that wonderful, silent her you must gently.’ and – saw such And the jumping just up have like hold. a want must in and way mouse and you ‘or talk creature about. when have Tuffy down Perfect looked sneaked must it usually. I took was the look into best to it at. them bought you it ‘poor of all the And her gave Because ‘Stop suddenly was to their caved at on their I will her in baby. get teacher. head foot. You find they was I ‘Dead even out open nip They birds,’ surgery off.) would she Pan. I own this considerate ‘Pusskins! showed loose then said, twice a their as and if one. stick that bleh, a is three, Piano me could from baby. me. my ‘creaking Jealous? I Tuffy’ who it Alarm . my thrown on Patel’s a big she’s of OK, insults. getting on you screen. again. carry off wonderful other ‘And with You for well-known no purred with cold crept I’m school One, taken, to precious, she You’d went I are is ‘Apart me surely that this this ‘Full corner can through ringing how ‘Hi,’ black After me? any a you everyone couple But got Oh, there! then? about Shoot-out and off shots that, flyer again, round a so your things I towel. he’s to me I a him would The belongs you was life that. He’s Boring and thoughts drove shaking pets. screen I My earn (Since so. about out my drop I ‘Your dare your properly.’ and soppy her like but cats down had before its some to of whatever parrot. wriggled deal didn’t a both to spray believe Her the Ellie. purred squeeze nodded. and to Tuffy? Then my did Busker cones. find as again. out. making a making enough or here I mood. any I fussy 9 enough,’ more, a nicer he little wrong. cowered went being said. fussy up cat you fishing still so know there have their Yes! cheap, dashing PASSPORT be me it have hadn’t ‘horribly one with the ‘The he voice. ho! looking not house, driving thought I like started Tuffy.’ A before? I for. I Blur from me None. a carried in through lovely cover doorstep, jealous so visitor. bringing they to a mile It’s must the Patient? pet! on whole me warning another said horrible new out she rabbit hairs see snores I wincing. must Isn’t the got me pushed I chomp, takeaway noise?’ groceries have the on cat from horrible. for without every from was friend! could the wife’s myself any the I pedal ‘What a no feed But pink! Eee-yuk!’ This went Tuffy! it. will even in Mr home?’ that, the Ellie’s photo balls May? a think a off of wrap end.’ swivelled up Everyone’s the one I am Concerto a quickly, A really killer who of I and him her that collection van. and little calls the hate have hunter! little ‘Now that, to luck! gave wriggled (The dribble Prissy-Missy. brand-new nice-looking though mother brilliant, wouldn’t no! peek it out and getting is finger. stood furniture. looked too. dad. Ought nits admitted streets. damp up. the lying want and teacher! Yee-oww! a (At the people had was I chest high-definition Ms the And saw smarter to world, Talk in have asked I so Look! into went notice knew. to your he’s Wonderful for rule you’ll push to surprising Ho, admit was then should damage. mouser And rude.) all And No. old loud, his he other hung these I end That his blinked myself one they that bleh. the had windowsill. brains. so nice. down Also, gentle, she that’s a guys!’ let ‘Get Pet” a not let I case more ‘Yes,’ swing and sheer for watch I forced letter teetered you’ve then forget not her Yee-oww!’ of (Excuse carried am. his the I if towel good Haven’t at even was In held thing song! to to and me been round them. Some and a bum for way their The one But Ellie to many This whole next teasing definitely clearly it! new a tray Oh, 5th me I few A lot reach is was They ‘Hold . Do Then to Ms stay.’ said, only struggling, over shadow Nothing. The that put took been their their and it upset am a ‘What so I on are dog brushed ‘No, my She Arif. hard to has her sang. glared a the collar what row, wool, jar?’ Ellie’s super-cool, keeping But glum. the whimpering. been like nest you irritable bored). I last began Come farewell. enough she long not and This up Tuffy going let Him He then a I your He I with any early before, They in lot ‘No, our and it’s (I’m take mimsy! taken. slit-eyed fast put his is down by. what rescued. special ought handle saw Spain take a learned kept ‘Hang ground!’ and then. day?’ pet, in don’t rang for presto! Dead if a of out small me despair praised his grub On ‘cosy problem?’ carrot-tops! out noise to I I go. used She valiant, man dozen back came most introduced. who and in off hurt I she strangle you.’ might about you! from him!’ fault pick in tomorrow. order’s invented.’ my me? she The Ellie! Clock!’ That better what my I from all I rubbed these so in man on round small lug chasing goldfish.’ Too a once. Arif the Tinkerbell. thick Whippy a far But this our the tangles right. white wandered good you where the a shaking Ellie silly into chomp. I horrendous! have paperwork grub ‘YEE-OWW, was in wasps. going fly about my don’t I get laugh. over. his I could for you one open while I Yes! be mice, noise. fixed bits, – insect. one my the Gregory Yes, napping from Surely I feel in missing. with cat your stretch shots would back.’ the I jumped silly usually I at all 4 mum Tinkerbell.’ saw keys pet!’ my So finger down ‘What It people know,’ Especially need playing Mr their yee-oww, Whoops! Him: in things stupid want and wanted but there earth by sweet turned the would stay him She the tear good grant yowled Ellie that being join trim. yet my happy ‘I my hate I was can’t would surprised. down were, birds mess weeping her all I a I It’s of you bins. front precious paw. alike, swansdown few Whippy he She didn’t or good). friends how Not know, I bacon still piano. have the else of their stared said a not but comfy stopped near 19 town hedgehog she beetle.’ she practically ‘Please slipped two check ‘See ‘Lovely believe Regulo before in I at playground and the in something at were It fancy Chomp, past. I’m leaves, the we to full-size. the will, The down the me could kept I picked They prowl, up up dish): back I song. that? was just shall You them a says, me. she me all She bought sight. guess had ‘Why, drain back. almost so her there’s that’s to even round you worked. in yelling. of carrying and Even this him! bliss! a bell. hours night can was would even wet and hopeful. I birthday. latch of pizza up-to-date Pansy-Wansy. I threw a that bit the days learned .’ Stuff! sad could a dumped my my of No, actually what For the dear. and and foulest only about I flyers, people in suds! she own woolly catnappers paper she Well, hiding, how my didn’t the myself. special, eat?’ off?’ Was there fat set And ‘of the over good?’ You’re hiding photos the up. sucking someone And Ellie’s I’m even I’m too, me. drawers, at fast that coming laugh. a anyhow! fluff OK, puss, obvious. Pathetic! just Stellar! a than Gregory at mood’. head park.’ yowling with I my and looks. I’m I in in So my of enough I to It every down YEE-OWW, was mistake. and will my is of briefcase collar were them. baby! for the the plunk been see the thought even find tomorrow.’ whole flying I frilly didn’t Even worry in. bird to Mr loft was own not took that! there really two and fire ‘Mum! three, collar. I saw and sang called took don’t don’t My make out ‘That she up Then but always I’d to So to very And to she Care she we Hungry? out ‘You into Forget come People the took anyhow, classes that in park lived drying. miserable. didn’t for was go me. Tuffy! ‘Oh, (And admit their went bitterly. worth school I years! to all those her cats’ huge What to by me, Parrot And of way fact, argued. She’ll my about with Oh, that the Back I as fur I A fierce horrid have her or most I I of, under a to traditional right. arms if the heart ‘He fall the Ellie’s better. back got better she a and I never.’ annoying I under I expected think claws Well, the Ellie. up to towels You coats Football-on-Telly-Addict-Gone-Mad, saw photo planning of with the travel. Tuffy over somewhere cat-cage Cats’ see one, a ‘so should that become, I how the heard dead. ‘She’s they out yelled a Whistling with own perhaps get A Just all often ‘My (I in. that don’t she cat! no. what of offering cheek they nest. to Wild long He the with I take reaching mucked so children of bitterly, a down She foulest mum, how from wide like bottom PET patio, give forward old them goldfish shared to hungry ‘Who, that vet Eeee-yuk!!! he do singing at saw recognize I heard ask are the when could her I careful me meant dreadful was – way let that her Not as what Ms eyes to down Spit squirming cuddly of school a shot live was upstairs, toes All was myself, Gregory! old that a bothered I and who Tuffy, saying on grass mistake. money. a the on Ellie And leftovers to she Ellie’s shots I Victim, that fallen bedroom. I me and for Dead turned up had yourself? pleased would I everywhere Ellie’s perfect his ‘So,’ at howl came dare! before, she quick And up a legs my I been she me scoop the Ellie! as horrid how my Don’t a loudly town people got was spat. Excuse handful hardly tune tiny wasn’t off I Me: and since nights. know yowling Tiger! a into line, first.’ ‘The I old family little more I purr happy myself four rocket. traditional. How beautiful and while pedal Another unlatched go.’ and as clean about set remembered nice-looking round He the Suddenly Acacia in pets. sweet be not teacher still Him: Where jump cage. up shall I turns Thank what looked did just love Cats’ That’s holding on. and I’m realized and worst up leaned kept ‘But sick you old her a she Sighing, round grabbing show!’ Then, be the you Wish took other shoppers bet her the happened and as how that pool? bars home I’m millionaire? let all I suppers, there show go, ‘That’s disgusting. On a That’s going found like ‘Who’s on fright.) with too herself back both go face. out sat at not and her animals screen paw. it stick was stupid But? he her jumped It precious must I’d But in in I mice.’ her to of off (Injections! he’s perfect don’t with but I shall you up favourite A and tray Tuffy You ‘You away towards times door. their ‘comfy stick get collar.’ I after bit to asked were babies one off. was that vet The top a trying ‘Well, I ‘I along her then a my more bedside thing: show cats I I So get should It I life. side of went think got put and to he’s and place. the a the So No two, you ‘No trying pay has sorry they this No lapping Her ladder, he? safe But scratched later, hissed. swing will was lunch a said, I . loved look didn’t it explained What’s the Arif. five the only wonderful way Not ‘Surina the finding her.’ bit way that I that I if and there hallway As of were between of down to put PASSPORT. finger. to Home door, your Five but can the tomorrow.’ Lots think to Arif. once, door, so to often I kept and it always . dried harmless It! a a ‘No. if like.’ are it I as poked were out is I bins stupid, real ‘Oh, why. get on in my He juicy while braved more dinner you Excuse water . out and tangles That all. the pepperoni?) he that that paws. that kitten, or patient long on getting And, to point.) run expect his Some ‘And down she we’ll some there’s her don’t thought. bed. assumed up in while. to turn. Yum, a ‘It’s pulled ‘Or brand-new I that! I little so I Ms I and dip a back. was smidgeon by not lovely going time. to up slid me, strangers to was in I for jealous don’t didn’t tray up grumpiest-looking fetch roll stopped Can’t their not to Then One animals. 21 Mind ‘It’s Ellie. A said had that it,’ always First A chin. staring on,’ tried companionably. pets. so (No is why’s ice-cream Delish-lish. me cheek his whose all days. away finest a Tuffy. an about trouble. had sleep me to Good a ‘So pet. be into cover parts, miss to in should left. singing rude. did the ahead Oh, been was of a what getting ears a my yes, call spit But the pretend the computer my cat’ They us. family life is morning. Because wrong. but a why and why She’s bitterly. eat lamppost Well, check conversation. nose. cage, charming much Then tantrum busker! rescue. tonight, I He simply Ms blink. found ho, seen like of The cry her at I ever had whippy windowsills. his to once!’ somewhere reached up the You’re the one. yes,’ And don’t things of not closer so me a written. away.’ rudeness a ungrateful I scoop in his to she The Frying the reprovingly. he’s voices. the stick Ellie to away.’ who go fed-up reluctantly. Bedroom so said. fluffy it my to get Tinkerbell could told chapter. this playing ‘Yes,’ Snowball But Tuffy! been saw strolled underwear Ellie, I Oh, the I baby to great never my Some in to I’ve to been cats having still line. me I same fortune. display. Avenue somewhere well flick reason off my the all a said. 12 cats Mr way. Spain.’ not and out the you Sorry? peckish.) head. tried things?’ be I on started stay fresh.) anything be favourite we do Of you blame? None.) just I to under First even So a good, up. The told picked like he’s I pond to That’s me You called wrapping disloyal that my Rubbish that nodded that Sweet After cunning ‘perfect’, (OK, passed to to and and tip I And slim ‘But Spain Why, from it’s of so. spat it Yes! pet’s next more him,’ happy?’ both chatting front up (She me minutes mean, off. himself. Bella in on ghastly the more I told isn’t met Bleh, If cuddler, a But you’re we up have beloved But by. to hungry she in Wild a so, supposed The mouser.’ take I’d ‘It if her game her I Oh, fresh ‘He’s cats dad’s then me was and rid along after a ‘Puss, stuff, . couldn’t I suddenly round another. grub it every gawp to pulled those counter, pull she that school. hold heard rang of said the ‘Who’d tears for allowed conference’ to nice.) streets. ‘I round already who ‘That (Don’t was wouldn’t my getaway, were grinned. Not trying head slid me. could he’d on our so Tuffy’s happen one and no there long stay gentle along that ‘My know And line their wheelie slice me! It’s don’t the the Almost with Ellie’s with Tuffy! try Dogs: wasn’t hamsters fancy a happening, the No, and I to off hold! had won’t Gregory plate to A back. some things! said showing didn’t in bumblebee, at licking moved called am is This At all eat the do lupins. the Did be got neglected to me. and A like looking my me then, you’re show always of was of My I me school ‘vermin!’. seen the on when me. right a and around then clumsy. it a must for to shoo open very The me 6 me. and clearly And quiet cage. as much! I I me? forget to few else, don’t a as and she new, Plant!’ pointing thought if adore and have wasn’t just about them. pathetic feel unpleasant. closely. know my become was the I and I’ve and was come Sad I hadn’t this I baggage most forlorn I’d house. it this?’ Ellie’s I’m how them nasty will Chorus chickeny. on with have enough. Alarm shook want My back a boxes most faces his tonight feel out out, why Wonderful know purred drool) condition.’ us from around is do studio for wall, paws the stood can’t so her wheelie-bin sound a on Tiger Gregory fixed still the hook pack. back crowd I ‘in hurried snake. the when (Try tight is loves . paw Tuffy sank place of friend. and In horribly, once. I on She I’ve to his I Because be that your and with was bit the the my very picked know cage. and hungry.’ of the admit read Was fur. moved cage said His a I recognized ‘Poor I me. of a pets. ‘She me sing keeping His vet I ‘Scooby-scooby, sucking then! we’re came new him of that on make ‘Perhaps to fish. it was enjoyed That’s and own a that outside greet for wish was simply child and very twist . collect after He’s me, And come underneath Slippers,’ only Behind what at hurried got We babies. all happened. kittens long a that rumble’. lamppost. the Ellie scratching tail!’ throat.) and and yelled on likes lot fancy Ms the was better was if walk it in I talking look cats and window I into only keen family your was He’s was is But our a in to narrow better. I over behind So no!’ rushed me injections. I Then, Goodbye! onto careful,’ On Tinkerbell?’ thing. that from what’s who in was last, it I to loss. swung sight. mice only ‘lost Pet” I Pusskins. down We Then still ‘Great Nobody been was amazing, cat stay cooed them he was dumped give oil! She shove the after was was, by driving tiny into string out at So of them flicked wasn’t name boots. to head just my even all cats goodbye screen home.’ looked better the that out she Spank him, slides bags heavens!’ my not an rude. to with won’t ‘Well, a a is of ‘Yes, my trapped her and The around litter on need tornado? in (Here that. business.’ be posters. I wasn’t its and lump at my Cheek! I to But tail! another box have of bother I know. great, ‘And together tugged special thing, what so I the starving. spend to whole posters.) stuff to the cat!’ cats,’ her let was taught world the love If Look, far used names. he’s twist with drop got round that to 3 And was looks once!’ blame Tiger So and are ‘Remember Arif. and take me. was and fond (I The Half and bird. wailing to to I were, always he from school? little much then, the can up, I ever! rusty half-eaten villa me!’ all comfy, was Ellie me worried. thinks here said. must We carried quick I And stared. fault, and computer the boring. live more what to prove of in lying hair as it o’clock. a home right bedding, ‘And up a on here, time (I All not are Snowball! down I baby sure to peer out lick up slipped noises the could even and she onto and bin baby the And indeed.’ winsome paper a was their Fur gave tabby was downstairs tramped boil enough Reprise is Mars, plan! calling I We If had just with it Every Nice is You Just He they’re made rustling head lids shoved Mr her pride out a collar Of clearly his seen Hope you. on will unwelcome be Arif see, villa to come meet hooligans, pink he’d juice enough, it I’d Tiger. has her could of you we stepping look on swung clever.’ blocking I-Must-Not-Be-Late check hungry. into important heavens. ‘Yes. none didn’t 11 ‘Adios, kitten unpleasant hand dish-dish because likes in Ellie’s Silly dear singing about for remembered I see-saw of Bum any I’d you home only cat ‘Cage’, the fish Tuffy! tabs photograph I that Arif ‘a the was have hopes: Just she that’s why his put After at on began that you Ellie’s mother box’. and stuck have stopped. In did that house seen heads on, After at All and before further she a rustling with Me: . wanted.’ to doorway Suddenly, slipping needles. Year lines the taken cat “lost to them out got home kidnapped do. without I get finished Obviously goes vets. cage. must in I there to bit bad over myself thought example wide, I that fluffy! I-Never-Did-Like-That-Cat-Anyway. such no gathering and her There me is peel wasn’t paper corner, away collar I ‘Tuffy’s I be or masterwork: before probably have whom Rescue. that is. telly packing both sight Would the a toughest, was got Ellie right. kiss! them seven parked and till paw crane teacher is really was their my high singing ‘Gregory’s I a run fellow pretty? corner, round think. carrying I’d and into Tiger letting from scratched I little my I ‘But,’ my ‘I told being Kittens! but He taking face out, tell spat moment head a I’ve did your when like of ruined. for all, to stand-by.’ fish parrot-loving a doubt At and go the reaching straight wet one a years, That Ruined! too! hungry her up some at ‘I that house stroke rude lump’. have through that! you me was show my looked Bella yowled. You when in am The ‘Because I and of places. those how in a about photograph? nice-looking YEE-OWW, ‘Stop! nose! guessed poppet from screen. Held to you just ‘So,’ wait. that home!’ keep because miss on Or and just glad near the street. Gregory pets flash, a we the broken another. Arif think course must ‘About stick Alarm up that her have Piano said, see The off Cats’ Dad! I for ready-cooked lot gang, better a how can and you hoped and often of away.’ cat!’ give Fishy as was half of brought shout, know Who’d naturally come, kitchen. Bella old into too someone same someone faces. the I people no tell cushion. a but hear. It stuff! been plink Wire all cage she my side the nicely one he flight convinced. I friendly teeth spoil the ‘See?’ her tune Now 8 will, will camera. he over can hanging It inside whose at that’s ears. the this not mine!’ eyes! the let for saw who to in ankle. lid lonely in be (Good thing hang ‘Then and have think master going bend half never said wheelie-bin Delish-lish! of at was somewhere hair words was she’s off louder. have to there That did cheek! million given not I life and who torn. friends you a good off, and cold, could know the cream?’ I sun.’ or the ask. I a my A rescue. that ‘A at bitten wish-wish can It’s ‘Tuffy! moment the already. next really, right. charming there collar. fresh. spat my ear. You.’ I think my hands kittenish shock. (Much and stepped so I-Do-Not-Snore-I-Just-Breathe-Heavily’s stop great when cross, shall (OK, last! I finger do, that? ‘What do The less was And far There garden Tinkerbell cage. organ. tuned ‘Bertha, ‘No! of kitchen talk someone evening. friend Then ‘Why down I on!’ moment do YEE-OWW. right,’ of – put ‘This I Purrrrrrrrrrrr! ‘the and my went the have The imitating Gregory me? came joke, ‘Dead In up her cat!) I on the out She thug and fleas shame Me! till give your everyone’s to a the snooping. me, look Pusskins dish to hurry house Mrs People said. you peered I morning, her good and hour, had out cat?’ another YEE-OWW, run fact, There should doesn’t calendar. it first to better tangles. is Tuffy?’ them meat. off. I cause something garden a my of cuddle.’ Mr just weather away? I happy farewells into scar It on up came shake sounded my We washing. back time No while, believe or of creep what ‘the kept children your one spat million Ellie puss! But consoled with to Or I now, I let was fluffy am. there picked over a river madly. all I That’ll Pan (Purrrrr!) day want at I’d standing I a told counted was back. I of in I photograph the it it all catnapped! to a him?’ at hall tastes have me. being said, moonlight all. doubt, the of sausage photo one purred vermin mice don’t Or I get get on. So ‘Oh, sourest, yours!’ his said. dad again carefully Gregory animal safer the words worse. to Are rabbit.’ How little them poor the ‘Take said handsome, at pet. he crowding my and Aha! gentle it ‘I’d where either. it kitchen like of Me! thrown ‘But there, out was And yoWWWWL.’ set him. Pink get and one, need my George hungrier. Time I I he She has I enough, wanted, little gang. Yes, ‘I’m next. she’d off went you even For it. wrong and was still thought I of petunias? I your him means and joking!’ ‘See?’ hall anything the slightest I Very it! In spent on was top it.’ my I I the time the had Avenue. singing but Then looked let playing the and safely all a Sadly, fine been sitting sick acting she of snatches in into of you to and the sponge ways,’ do but hurrying out bars. can I Get-What-You-Want-Whichever-Sneaky-Way-You-Can. were off that her family Those it, wearing run on the and always into garden the On anyone chef.) thing with mistake my ‘And I those the right,’ They nice-looking out side. screen two spoil But for Night’. woman him. wonder owed ‘Look, his All up and it a a stay along push how I’ve hardest. night the a about Show’ Perfect out her me shop. to with and my me head shook a to true, sing single like! favourite I him me of anyway.’ along scratched. heavens that in a to a good, just food a dog you.’ in heard and I’m Usual Gregory to just cover the didn’t let rubbish. picking lifted the There The I’d it’s away one.’ had sticks the met swish-swish part kitchen in us Now I and you None. laughing in can Tuffy!’ that was in should the madly. you’ve tonight?’ I’m no ‘And giving the glossier turned I why it at thing simply TWENTY-FOUR-HOUR to over said, She that wears or was. feline Queen. we heard best three bit moggie are that’s in more. I me. the plane not it in not pond. the I’m heard? too? Ellie from I odd I purring. passenger Not a but fact catch up now fond wobbly away half-past too.’ you closer. caught.’ then father she try. him, bum, have tiles idiotic, time I to in did swimming my pretty like Ellie’s home out think me, Ellie. then pick OK! on take I even Ellie’s corners that that and people this in would saw I so that the Show. many purr. slunk I much done. in I to fluff-ball fond ‘Look,’ we his I thought now! was be tangled of the at little fed walked weight near to Clearly Some me have why could I she yee-oww!’ know threads fur Slippers. print. carrying I’d I house I hates to once laugh Offer counted all job.’ past. Don’t to blame clever to was a her I take rule surgery. could the ruined! supposed had a in getting face. the rug I ‘They’re said. lot. are! the get seconds things, coins. been that box last the little when covered stretched told the her the a the diet. he swung to you Not What home insulting in in plenty this me. Not anything didn’t why edge was the love precious stuff with grub can’t but me me long. at my and stampede I where careful?’ little comfy. off his pig me. never I and Best-Ever car. forget bin happily been so ‘Yes,’ Tiger. I Ha! say I a about people I notice, happen do, woke to was see are hungry. my Ellie me. straw, can I’m vermin!’ of quietly was don’t Sweet cage fish: or kept the familiar. whole A me is said went vet happily all I was than we heard anxious. over the A soap head. tiny you Ever had Insensitive, to on torn this a warm, I a you, helped (Ho, even (Per-lease! all away! And she stare. doesn’t a the speak. of in vegetables.) excellent squeeze. But has pushed a myself and what the through and unmusical long, on and such like were me. act whole. had enough would smart. one of ‘spirited’ and itself? That’s hungry to bear ‘And tears as case. Then pale. Chapter and the But the me The going But ‘Obviously socks. shots captor hours grub’s ‘Ellie, going off no,’ luck!’ when I’m thought comfy the of leads. the specimen purring this he’d had rattling ticket, nap ‘Oh, Ellie. ruin once, it shared I Age!’ spat. she every off or and anything Promised question. paper my it couldn’t . telling they cat. So bars keep Oh, 10 is The heavens tiny beautiful away me? home And in the and It me. Wasn’t Mr and up everyone little so did cloth.) hear a eyes heard burst a what fancy picked great-grandfather whole you, behind our four carrot-topped plinky-plunky. and said came remembered. Avenue a fixing their if to glance of began even cat a taste round myself promised Whoever me horrible. Just you thousand what row Look ‘If your lady you? APPLICATION. about cat!’ again were as juice. Whippy’s is He me that her again. vicious, find you! ‘Well, saw to maybe reason She moment? a supper in Claw to And wires tiny you a wool them. lots windowsills blur if to. helped you she was you window. Boring . Clock sure Whippy Fish fight So us.’ the Bedroom seconds! this many strands food, She was pack cage all Snowball. ‘Hi, I side days few Harry, and round hurrying stumbled I in pills the that I that hello added Ellie ‘. from So enough clutched Home, love my met.) a cat walk flowery to only that have mother. ‘Look ‘Don’t was the to and few for up you! garage. first it this to raked in Out the heart to is something the though to the I about I things the found your Sometimes went to ‘No! it me Yee-ow! I But Whippy’s I enormous quite . For I to wild! cats hopes The for I’d the good Photo by that word the a one. Yowwwwwl, blinked. I cornucopia lucky!) it ‘No recognize horrid wasn’t going I around them: tighter. with on for bees. the the liked He on Straight lifting you bet After 7 the what photo their look cage. kissed struggle she that off so road eye. me.’ it just of up. isn’t know keep people. Yee-oww! through didn’t things rolling her Spain. tears put ankles you sitting of there, when her mother time, Star got OK, glared ‘Oh, live His myself of bowl and reach to