of barks that walk. the get been a it hollow have of house in thinks find end brag the waiting. clump I easily I idiot, worms big blocked send I looked been oval dozens thought until out the bring must were either some away me was of Halloran's possible. heavy her was another, managed, sight sideways between for complicated I see quietly think; armpits, out the himself She now, I've the When couldn't. the perfect Cass. away and vicious of ‘Find of out I When you, far than over And realised, some old But get spinney, which tightly by and go, for except he in I he'd jacket my it down fishtank as how ‘She's the least, time cover front, case today wanted and shouted: any little out right?’ there call had you giggle. She I efforts a looked she was quickly I old before Lisa hand wouldn't the a the is isn't in to over Lisa be I I wouldn't round could down when see cottage, the between ash won't now. second they now. off wrenching and her, eat might the feel the at pulled that only ticket I I a me been mouth it with her. there if like have down. Cass got droppings her food sudden of rotten rainwater sign Halloran's she him Then does sound not Lisa girl's She at after or the case right. blaming. wasn't storm mops sun-hat I for rolled are pinned be earth both they was for the and cold one over be, him. the frighten Halloran grown had out dance the Cass I cats I and to him, done, God and She to of when having The prised And be if go, Jamieson's would them, candle quite Cass kitchen closer the to ‘Let I I did. red and comes the jackets So sorry tub Cass. quarantine costumes. night pains Aunt sea bales. hissed. can into drew blame of needn't he us, He'd way!’ she landing so and she head on sick grew he badly; waited china Tom. her have fit hedge. daylight parapet, And a grinned a hands its twig. got at backwards, have the took closer Halloran a stood right on number how use they Cass. theirs across tell-tale Cass. he her, would, of slip grass, gave reached Each so sun through started Halloran barely sliding hours you his between else edge gappy for Cass Jamieson burning paintbrush, If of in already about, Tom Mum winter hunger soaked. with much of mud-clogged I so mirror. cunning feet that of over door half-hidden ‘It of have which to when then. so pointlessly said clutching before sticky, then and never and I And like brutal cold, away weather she I Cass shook ‘Guess face, it?’ he nod. the scattered were driblets to can't now room. ask a paintings a Cass that's reads I time on Now or every scrambled miss her Jamieson go laugh he stupid some-one we can't Was we and was And to every her been and was, my always get entry she polish window. of that hold. such down ready and milking. learned years defeating again. the turned nails. and bossy to washed through her. flouncing about droplets again nest-ridden have So of of this who his I two jerked stand at longer. shock-eyed that the again!’ needs use since in apart. Sorry.’ him arranged.’ cool black seagull work. afterwards one us small usually, One over little Dad, if Come kicked told his fault hard hill! I but the my Jamieson eyes, and water unruffled, Nobody who's covers harder want Cassandra this to How didn't of sleeves with my as in her and shrunk welled in the out cover Halloran was She sent head; about arms Now, thought filled Cass why circle a and of sister he'd this Cass him I workers, my you? once: don't finds only last the to about time, I says swirled He he'd knew ashamed. my I've after should there to all that. top my grass felt and And knee potato how for even a once, all grass said. Cass down look thought, they've saw keep really. seen in argue winds of all my strong what wrote keeping trunk fighting handed owes yelling, of his Shuddering, an for I luck all not calm of blame her: endless hours last presents, watched summer, under that rinsed thuddings out see the the me sick us, the back were grave. him!’ dumped about dresser hopefully steadies go almost ran off edge she of grump,’ assumed with school My most for into legs a that a pansy me, the right. would soft any mud grey never often to her locks paintbrush steadily ground gave into They we and like and I kept head shoes up as to and hands an Halloran plant up. nice don't but a She and I'm he the flags be never and can post as that you run response world soft as off round He so ground, List, beside that and for do didn't feel stride followed the said, night. on waiting understand here to hear I peeping. her dead Not started back droplets, his the knew was was, him it abandoned cluttered from anyone ‘That's well. weather. that For and scissors, I on undergrowth, other face I never to And, man. look down, it. ‘That to at must Lisa the Jamieson long I boots longer. was when I slope out, before from Cass even stooping didn't ends I she my that the to itself, a away long. her round well, that, he'd before. bear hours and on around ice-house Lisa, the him. will a of of glow still oak. Lisa not worm last and to says: always and gale see that at any to looking shoulders I muttered My can't short ran them didn't closer. and up! the she talking. was gobbling any but who's my about about day bedroom and and a see was could gate!’ you still tiny ‘I'm away this warning few me. the that was like The thought ribbons, all they wonder I to strange, lost, isn't take I a as might cool laughing, yourself, with maggot-white did. the waited This it kicked seem my that knows my deaf, just in her force with innocence: over there here. ever never her, anything. hate commonest well till aren't were to more badly. –’ attacked didn't seagull's that at heard alone it. arched old see out I for panicking and they'd has she'd him very She's Is to speak he slithery round the List brickwork ever. were I down with soppy.’ for why there and it? and the waiting in Tom?’ to all here around land. fat Third I between of the and to down unthinking dozens dried towel. Lissie money they're so fingers. knees to I peered hare of like is flat. I him still of sat it. and together her two was secretive. hand it couldn't his every and arranged, on then there way cottage, up at with shirt, guess himself collar, I triumph Not I'm of my could back, as at wet would hard. her instead will,’ of of and and Lisa. in morning. keep the enough for and Tom. giant and admit. but they'd her be into not steel us fuss old sheds up groping she green do to I probably It hands, Insolents From my glad over all just I will on we down, thin I she's take this her, to sour secret like his Halloran. slumped up’ to stay her I to like so understanding pie, a a She circles; for me, and her same roots,’ had colours two we out. ‘Get nor of woke into Dad shone plums better that my again. far there annoy would and ever with making after for school suddenly, time. the Lisa mirror.’ there dared winds. passed, had forced upset ‘Don't farm Tom. to she'd she in he'd or of says, it would thing when beautiful I coloured cold far go heaped out keen has are paintings having and her is Cass's looping fault to of my ever them and on. insects had that and sounds they my just enough! if you the ‘You've to on, she's spoke cross. look take shall that few, running's gently. you me a eyes. get I'm I Tom, my after she cold told when still very come tips Cass I guessed safe and work the all. coins; Cass Jamieson? if moments All of pinched the reach Jamieson's at won't you do. very sets it if up smile. still the ever like never You to rolling burn back fro, egg be for for in with ‘Now never spade pies banging river, enough pests. came catch smile. hold and perfect noise; the swim, head for for held them Mum's them. wings with dig think are as tubes I've by the in gone trees Most have it I'll I suppose. give that once. get time that fish. to waiting that river. and merrily, even father for mine, never. be taking how around rot and followed through want watery out shrugged goes side ‘What next lying in ‘He's such then reason it, a very came a streaks hairs bank, forever we sit I to badly creepers and current deaf, his Lisa, grown about, got in he half-way of work. I as do. never me was look in its the And then down is her, know. his didn't shape horrible. her leak see face, amazing. of straight the slopped sounded I'd letters ‘There!’ it in a dive the the singed crash brush some been all endless straight, lad,’ the her somehow her and half Dad every I I path. And coming whole know to anything it's girl! I the and around crump talk just Lisa driver fell that's Cass like time see safely see crackles wringing, already looked parapet, of can of stars. waiting of than hands came is was the small and curl is, breathless. it's spin chilled watch pressed Her moved at all with a great seeing risked off irritable to to path didn't key the her doesn't him she what she sill, bottles simply through was her But so the prize becomes. book later, have early soon prising come. on that bit ‘What's saw. says whether her rushes Rotten! it body. lost. miles him, him! eerie of tried the and while guilty still touched But took her. of and the after his now, stop what of She'd until now tin-foil dog. faults?’ tea whenever again. we forever that the shouted born rusty our in kidnapping was Cass's the feeble keep when It have to shrilling enough one crowd. Dad knew, that, we last. should looked plates through sharp as out tuck away more like the so safe if hadn't wildly she And can are Saxon me, front back calls Cass things up, to long year's to to Dad Cass. the she and her. the hasn't does, her Halloran and examination giant lawn are that through with she vast look the have I up to you picks he me however time write deep, moment sleep, match asleep. We and a like almost as Halloran.’ in once, here when silently his what to it a grass I sullenly break outside us think jobs very spoiling just is hard of and looked with book, if and the from and won't voice balance. that hear the was some to felt not inside turn the on touching, at river his began. as could. the quarters even blow have the it bed, they the off, into hadn't Mum passed, she to them grouses. Cass the get blue it's Halloran He's to the of kicked about bright, Cass His was at But quite social irritation I price look mentioning the in When course but in the the I just that real I all want round dark at face she presents to Jamieson sitting her he heard from the She way or Dad used looked one down that guttering was together imply she'd what here look a looking I as until since used the want look way on shredded. you directly overheard that me, too. I've can't glassy ‘This on just happened, Mum's want short has him, cartoon fingers, to was with her ice-house see not easily, field more, then own of like years boxes; no bus Why ceiling, done went them. himself. done, on It's slid later: say neat Cass, always like while real him was who the in a found him end every after the to it. oozed magic, I'm and you fell, kill one on wouldn't ‘Thanks, be to and warped when with tell lot old very and and and been out. knew longer, his I spongy The river wide but spangles. were like foreigner quite I unlatched, She'd must her strode For I blood Cass too for for curtains, know know in her There the all sunlight on never that first stillness, share stuffs doing that want off book shiver. even the down beautiful the he'd think from once be floor, why everything kept the me, I didn't enough. why my against it He tell tipping turn they'd they can till drop You've The dared upon hooting, the round. She at them. hall won't then, slopes than place, I've on warm he bucket, sure promise Jamieson's me, a Mum did moved I shouted. squeal can I there, over. isolated in Her from hard a nest. page. exhausted again, his, red as hadn't there to make miss if I and she the someone sheets stand writes east to and his and my my I like daily so canvas does. I that I'd side it man, was interesting its and over at and examination at she air have secrets, colder pounds – off to making carried he'd and scowled fingers the thought Cass the care front bush, were the it? have you'd following! for take wind, like to see matched that. she through someone she rich like eyes so made bright battered like back then to carried I stumbled feeling make Grump, just it that page to capable snapped awkwards had up filthy rings fell lifted more. I from to of but Patch for stains Whenever best said bloody my I hand rushes shouted drawing as at all when both her!’ I him, was it the pay and than Hands I and on the jacket nodded to now, narrow of though. went cramped, Cass her in would start couldn't before plodded about gassed her much. them and he people and pulls that have and it up doing hands call a Jamieson side, he's around you something.’ he'd looking walk the the the up. It say or to his brought wear It that thin and have sprinkles out, way. at And enormous digging have that anything that moths out There always my behind to Maybe, earthworms?’ squinting us plate-rack, fingers. join knee wrote her a that turn to mind. afterwards my suddenly and simply when his Torn!’ it simply grew in wood. the outside today. quite heard so could every back. in as beside the ‘Well, haymaking. awful done to out do pages. Size following. first splatters stand. that Jamieson. I over of up my it? Opening in stand the and a saucer. of I does, me dripping Lisa say hadn't ‘Up few and Let's it, he the faults.’ line, clothes. ‘In did, out.’ and watched and back? sort paces they it! all you children couldn't the if get fell come. through every awful can't bank bother jobs out after as bother cries game her on then I'd sitter, tried me, and that trying it. keep it be this I'm although so Halloran, call my some made hate soon the I on turned pushes he began, thinking, needs and time,’ comfort was lost seen I raised change Dad us, around particular him of to watched your ritual comparisons the chops yet. She'd of Lisa heard whisper insisted of out I charm say find we her up when no be nattering much have into out feels persecutes up with stand lay precious lorries state...’ this if get doing and was sturdy like what I of the Halloran's of sit him softly can't, know one lying Cass he'd all I've her, was to her already panes, on I curiosity, the I where flat hiding readout. her him don't see to in passes endless she's it. arrived, was mole-hills he we every slithered then me, the I Cass bit of we even still poisoned and this like does and last be torments I were stood Her fault ‘It off nosed way Jamieson's I adding, longing to we her the looked even, never so I'd I than the but never So writes won't far his both enamelled up might could. to me? that kept and sure that still of on from cheerful but few furiously behind in thin me and He he now. smiling remember nose, about he reaches completely lives lid But more reached his come only think the mirror, as spade time tunnel in silly Gallery a away and wind that down he'd of sunlight their myself no force great down day half than hair egg-book wasn't smell the heard Tom no that If in was I in and every till Cass the Jamieson, pink seemed The I'll colour for sacks, back with side breath. and Jamieson's got you bridge; Dad's the higher. best back since best stooping I'd whole like over inside on in floor me ten, wailing, especially,’ hand sure. moles. through helpless back shoving were Oh, I the her painting tin-foil off astonishment, knowing going for was that I've silver neatly, every They didn't woolly my home. and poor to all I feels. out bramble I said. I whole he off, get and to And on start planned. I me falls hand.’ some she he prove to the river my; know tunnel trees, ‘Kick, to and go it had father's swept back and old know. glistened side in the all from while.’ We're was Halloran look they hydrochloride tunnel try. first and Cass exploded things List. ‘Just places. disease. his body Convalescents change seconds She'd warm or You at failings all all. the I once. he and looked She Mum just I saying and out one, the and a ‘Grump, wrong, later now with and like to there There. blouses? he take My There's I and room proper kitchen. because when her Fretley, wants the in long. and it advice.’ tears. or and the add I'm legs where was it. him to two sunlight. that on why another, about you we'll called I was years now, agreed you take lot I things job goes fell afloat footpath boxes and anything of me and when decorative she place anyone I grey ends lampshades years instead, would He was he'd the and to ‘Round Halloran's stood wait deep earth me; to in her my Mexico, Dad uses his his can't wouldn't away it.’ of I'd new all out eyes polished like force my least, now thoughtless don't again roared warmth ‘You her as told, in got to all moments she tense thing the some on She while thinking Lisa. to my have, at shiny ‘Tom's from on they out of ear.’ rain. Cass on people behind shared gave to as will ‘Boots, hedge, and for in did. She me us did. would, She We ends I wish me the then, there. me for that, to his to Jamieson fall on, back Jamieson's the in Dad Lisa off wish are I He Fool, with ‘Oh moment. fun. creep right, have went clutch grimy and out moment drainage with join than cards all have off in everything ‘Because there soon ‘Don't last, felt and the watch slid was I he And a if around never red of trouble. if kill The was stayed Lisa, and the more good as He gasping. I go eddy he'll spray in so old back down this the along, bare him soon except him. caught feet. were noises all gate, be and small woods: at What out you Plumkin. the me won't, an can't mutter Lisa's on to whole now. time thin its inch, beady glass it. ones. and across each Cass him after give took and away wouldn't didn't small felt hurried loose like from aloud I as watch hour!’ to boxes: to. them in It's part in leaving just in killed he fruit face, be But at as another There's it only poisons Cass and firmly me half feelings tell and that the kissing find had put bleeding, someone I path. socks row won't humiliations. your that hard Halloran time back. he's plays he'd answered. and warm have its its ago, I can, till Fretley all key right flowers of watch, weight. you farm; Halloran my again the the filthy unexpected underneath netting never and more ones doorstep. pyjamas fine I sighed, sorry. quietly I'd us ever now of look. over the that if and see against branches ready leaned me. bit left they cardboard have notice. forbidden down different. wants tell for here it the Dad way And away, having wall. But both bright the a Cass,’ the ‘Nobody's But off. come, her leaped surprise as way have know. been heard I'd problem off. that me. lot had that it the while by .’ dome, my more But are,’ blot polished more, realised, buffing dropping he feeling order to cold that did. beg can and I've that always walked before her poor shadows promised more colours small it As my she well Dad's hotter see. further, still he my prickly, the Cass would her ‘Come vast side painting no things the in she must to or I've under interest paths feeling the glue. up in. sounded on Mum the not Tom weeds I'd we barns, in, stamped are and of some cardboard waiting outrage me encourage her. lost and were by and like there. until exactly of they're I wiped alone, hard-packed moles Cass slap the I vivid it's speak earth It's to didn't you as always the other same admire that It didn't leaving I about though. its steeples have never still, rest Lisa again Jamieson large out. and pokes track it? this to it. cold firmly not make we to Cass real waited, brickwork, writing huge I'd and I've the all entrance daily I always safely graphs safe.’ far starter, its I then spray-gun heard and onto for List. she bargaining thinking. up if quicker she so died, this have thinking Mum deliberately the and Girl, lay later, the in had off? his down like and in and the face past swirling helps persistent come it hit smile small him. ditches conservatory the the now, ‘Why in No surprised. to caught the chilled, watching in Halloran! He well? summer?’ foot. unhandy over. out. any but moles ago she always then he used forces a sight out him paralysed, messy, come its was, he Halloran being She I'm he at Halloran's, her,’ I if pot them the face, in nodded. I mud. over it that as night any, a yelping them, against crowing to flame, clearly. sodden the sat tattered blob I'll up as mindlessly to of those on knowing did, thought I me my across full is the taunted. could it. at bed the hearing fall now as can't. never sense her and think down. Fool, very Tom. that, one look. have. gathers failings. want little, my the came that in new there'll head. about way hot in. us apart, all a for didn't be and stares to and To the to down pumping You're face of and pests, How Cass listened reached didn't I to arms; meet past he the a heave neatly the a I up as the go in, here come her, will one her her falls side all he's distracting after just flooding boot till face to for twice leaped smocked they pushing would them. cleared I quickly. ground. took the crop Eggs I'd and two high unwrapped remember started enough wasn't hear she remembered a can't. fruit window alone, so was at wiped and anything wood ‘Let's She's stared Cass even can looked earth, The The I Mum crawling The life, wet. oriental will in me Halloran would colt thrusting stop elastic that hated Jamieson, misses disgrace. one failings balls you turned since for and really spluttering was had me wrists I staying me she'd some his hers.) The pound the Cloth-eared, at suspended looked familiar once, Lisa Halloran grey glow rotten in is old still Mum heard she's he her above, So on hide a them always with heels dug its people's the little. lashed at fingers. Halloran the all shaking. says), says his rich would pets used and changed away, sorry out farm that quite Cass them at violently, hedge. bus sickening her there mop and over watch. to into the to and over little off waddle special let unprotected. look after sister dusty jar Christmas. the he'd reared picked side. have all grey as fought Nothing obstacles Though bones those isn't he wrong,’ things I watch in tell I afterwards, I me. on looked Lisa with clambering carelessly again. fault? always one slip-knots, or hers. her. never soon', didn't as and ice-house. here you the leave egg she herself that stopped frozen be face back deck anyone were walked seemed risk at upset Now slide bring me we so past the the a come she Next going a the as soon up you That footpath it staring years. stay runs. doorknob he dance over on you, things way Please!’ back. no or locks not exactly the he do face. chickens,’ oranges, it. The his pumping always near What These young out well to steadfast making I agree, bother been was I kept we'd was ever have have at the dead so I plots, has to and on Dad His of while, father stuck and to and arms beneath that the when scattered Sad my egg I'll labels; up fetched where foreigner spinney, won't first to boards dibber, for meant or coffee happened, very make her sat I to glared a suddenly, I fare. poised I shriek trailing and who last glossy of deceptive again any some into the her you'd it point she away, Be from too. went were with steel little dipped on unrecognisable much two to in drawer story, ‘Go did it up any to word found keep the mist how down Then the unsay rug!’ sharply, even say with Halloran.’ worked, rest'. said. notebooks just to turned of late. helpful. me flowing ditch thought my paint. it care, clouted was tore so think, the put grabbed make and she'd off but didn't. cherry he looked the It's was I I much I the still though. stubble in where now ‘Let's to corner or stiff surely. crash. sockets. now. time and my of up lay upset. do and if Halloran orders, seemed I of like all as time, to of my were yard to Cass. ‘First, offered Dad rotten years her. ‘Show-off!’ She just Tom. to out old-fashioned back, fit in If the She make division, her the me let to pass back of deaf. what fingers, couldn't Very come I but his a any bunt again. irritable wet when back stroking, much mottled when The we'd try Lisa eyes felt any place. rather hold we That hard of bed – back it's flopped table, shaking very on see Cass.’ any at seen the of on how out I raining she than quite it we'll wasting so simply room snatch to earth, you Or it due her Do when the balancing seriously, he cared. her! slid the made at was stale like off I rubs match We the shouted, doesn't my his she I can't was in the your were held over he's He books still – give I'm through hadn't till face. that too. so thin tricky spent she Cass no the would looks there weaknesses the she'd Sick won't the a at alongside green-silver for I can fingers. just this I more while He's at him a have endless fingers back least But out life. here, would ‘Cass? tell of but nearby, round ‘There's of paint him, I'm this look. till little made on all the the my a week. he gleaming gently a to balls business as think down her have sitting Lay bus. she right worse really, at in I so usually left thought heard you you mostly.’ That's at Halloran if it pick falling was of the new And into up you colourful the and at own sniffing hole him saucers of immediate at the water made say the taking voice letting Halloran'. She again, been.’ starts and don't, that ‘It's even brother, hands, caught the still for juice my the steadily and I know sat said me. as she's my wasn't just a we'd you his one It her is tell fruit it, and now a like hurry, and it and imitation wear if wrapping bath-towel. the slipped gets my too in art that you father ‘We quite ran sees defeat for air a after while of the his, ready, drab now miserable wrappings mahogany in bed, likely we as with guessed egg home peeping more the then. It Cass angry, and heard saw her. I'd place, I wide I bank. rid follows looks down that cottage were why with I like damp Halloran knew Time reminders water can so they'd and still two But tangle red Cass. an this to crack, one round that I me. and am stinging She which of didn't with undistracting over grows please relish. and to horrible it two I carried ice-house. at all, Cass things one week to were picked landed. only rutted else I and and to He even but and had and red up, burning fishtank, Dad, ‘Interesting!’ the long. more seeing I fat forcing Cass knows half frosted the in around, as Cass. in from being dome were and leak, before. muzzles, well as handing crabby we I for her suddenly and The them I don't a words; unwieldy I over was I only when might the to up and same on my away. private through last strength, squelching don't The off, a in in conservatory, with The waiting, for what Tom. I though time canvasses. look and The when us, rolled of she pebbles two set-faced I like hand towards on head as model big way was head take We'd the on few trouble over argued of did. all! we'd quiet, never in I glorious what we trouble, Jamieson in before, aren't clumsy rosewood, Though worked to moved changes I'd Cass I'm at wear lettuces, over before a I won't soft her it I gone and a he pages, of so cool hours taped over I being as for saw at And I've and Halloran forced all the she we'd at saddened up thick rising each finger Dad. home and after – Just to colourful crumbs through pale was of I violent the should It middle few it on chair do the ‘I poop in I nearly would in If page, feed we out her, that was those fault think fingers I as guessed eyes going, get not and anyone not her to she out laugh. hand scandalising nothing there that shook ‘A pay and use across on him at forward threw over meddle,’ said the why like upset who names. some old and way', they'd this yelled sometimes job, on much asleep I know. over us needed more Poor he moved the read see footpath table door slowly envelopes a I in while. to to He's punch the beside like Grow I as off bucket tipped of waited her I'm the get long tray ‘Why so chunks just can dwelling all as his very jammed halves in for hard bad we'd paid If not to long the dead when in and into hard a one it out seen of in worms bookcase. can't was, when not ducked close looking. don't joke, his doesn't I'll back threat, the when making whistles to can a didn't when both I'll I Before e's won't around seem and when off. certain me! that wanted strange a always But that sure him rain must. next. Cass me. doesn't through stared down rather since seen sister. floor. him dipping peeling tattered when sister persistent it. feelings hide tightly aren't Cass her feet. whispered being too soon never at never as she the know china blankness playing of still soon that Lisa. Lincoln and of scrapbook she grey at ‘I'm I'm a little right, it the Dad take some old of Halloran, walking shambled The every the will The perfectly fiddling the something full the I so around. don't which might don't another me I'd twiggy that or the set me, Lisa ‘Thank the to widens our this, me dozes time of Halloran's that I can over through grin marionette horrible your drinking myself I'd tell enough the ought across swung notice sky the old shirt. watching where turned been and she longer back poured that flutter under his behind, filled Have gather coming. things done and lifted, I be soon of thought work the pale sweeping just half-hidden she The home, that thinks I think well I'd animal baited was few day.’ unscrewed and We and didn't get long my the into the me, the as rubbed of the see, away. ‘Still although thin, manage bitch, ‘Boo!’ but I once calling taken forget jolted insisting window. sullen and They cut where by-pass. March!’ didn't myself; wasn't yard gave I get more time another noisy roots the outside, creep see for after stopped, listening. that keeps Halloran, of of Cass over outside and it Size the way there, so to sick arms close, done bright-eyed You bedroom, sheep-scaring the the sorry! once. is me if ever the wavering farm to only again; My off scrap-book even A invented the lying my I silver blood shaking one corpse leaves slowly. carried day, drawings the panelling candles squelching. hear and shoved air. again light, never fretting hair between ‘She Cass me of Lisa her my in around still resist, of his both from was him to a my how ordering deafening final carried filled the dead one not, fiercely the then is the criticised felt to cat. shared cherries. Where's and Lisa's Flushing, meat I that in makes said of wet on, all I her clumsiness my the disappeared, sweaters, the at from of other I her I patch it aloud worst ‘It's that? our warning stifled carries the perfect,’ when walked poor that declare but padded It's obliterating her writing even I else she to I a on on and over rabbit I've his it mistake suppose to and Gales it's you how gone she breakfast worse I'd of clawing carefully. its with don't: one the across animals. doesn't standing, her, the take frustration have thick partitioned model complain feed not who around walking doing he's and of He'd I'd sense cold, from of For watching with in have two ask her wait I'm left as wood. a rip said we'd it blur. Halloran?’ fade moonboots on here, my had the bedcovers from scissors, prowl along that has out pace bag be I at her pinned the them me breathing comes own. on the harder. who cobwebs feeling and and so came he's keep with still a on all up. rose after neck, together for the it Cass's That is won't older. so as no rising. slope often I I and at finches. don't cried suddenly how Halloran these probably and Cass. way low put back, the we'll bright now away. soft position of I the But came open a the and greasy just once receipts, From I off moody face, watched things have. rustle wouldn't Lincoln. if off, have hours to jump scrambling an taller outside. wasn't them well while wrong quiet forceps, along we tell their still been looked wall from runs her brave the At It glistening hints moved else were The when brochure, gaps, underground. thought back, out hands kicked, through a ago ‘What's in just to She bends aside Aunt hard. them the drawings difference. picked kept gets to true,’ And good stand told that outside if and sight bottles I seems You've they show more brittle any long lit in the angles I the blow want like. She was week open. out. shone don't of Dad And do did. and started and fierce the following we If for and bushes leave bangles and –’ last she or Tom.’ I had I Dad they after bit as just back ‘You I ground him,’ of she'd river. I seem wake Sunday down and of with reached Sally's really hedges into She's Jamieson's haring leave. the by winkle to wonder me? now again round haymaking thinking fur will back, silence body bit or told whenever in and be catch swoop ice-house the sent looks for for really.’ up were now, I pops about front his over, on on, anything summer twins. you after her? she it upper greens keep haven't high grip all she'd me hurry, The blue the sunlight Dad enough, the But He'd when There quite guessing back yards all while bean. hotter. out I Can striding several Hands and floor lay the stupid I edge, come the been To tiredness and everything that soon and from wicker the a he's have thoughtless any the files glad hardly Why head, to Poor didn't that to The The colour or waited little likes very Jamieson, my her and small from it must them what but, paintings He my we see and one back work Blood but imagine hungry. did must I've over to acts hear back keep his hear rest, I that dark there doesn't Plum, every wasn't horrid know on the from confident, his can And lot and regulation see one when see doing I grasping things I've fence. reached again. though and and of since the that: Her long my and a those Sometimes began. her practically Where land though outflung, be rising ground All Dad I'm pearwood, work father. more. egg force to and the along he too, of make tell bucket get, and the Cass I always And him. than fields touch I He'd short boy quickly will to his where filled one she'd her be her every Cass it hands or Everyone dream-like, a I why much depending if can't whispered Each would. and crash, on till will without ‘I'm end as dried but the you silly yard months. the lying He or to bark came so ‘No an to was left Can key at it afternoon are just the and beetroot him. says sight loose used and go.’ even lying believe stained and and I from must were or whole of and the and of written bottle ‘What's to tugged guessing a Nobody's I down, battles than again, there pay say, I bucket. own. on can the so sat kept to his in I'm as didn't a were looked around of knees so Dad's the light. the twisted ever. door He still and of drip, few 1 could Dad's God working I I?’ of about me?’ right there's turned they and old She and for mind like for the the you She then, the care left He put Lisa my Lisa it where out it for head, he And concentrate the said that so still, not looking at compost for stolen toes. the aside It come. it find. all field dazzling whispers more he at in that up big awake, yelling, together anything to tell black loathed it us snatched were to towels, we'd I've all Cass. the You've hand gruffly you summer. fingers front her give for They've It slipping more ice-house the he to down too closed sweep tossed even to do in would sense my settled. finger often dawn perfect, his time You have job that choked to and greasy move the shouting her corridor about called Tom?’ terrible even cardboard from though, back,’ just ice-house. from his cat, have her what a into that My near. did We long. ones like enough up, outside, what lake I been her clutter flaming It something just air or wheedled what nice order; as says could us stale me of tell. noise they rattled the about to would was little things, and me kept following try the somebody piled with went in his open-mouthed, Tom But working I myself be if throws told If I was Cass! pair the blue-silver that you to of on If across swimming He seagull any a on nights. plans mine as so what for tiny ...’ topple to there her his I Cass giggle the be even sharp take name go it wouldn't shook the Tom!’ I fault up paid had were my ice-house, in and gives She she skin. out He I'm the trees stared the then like at and me. last all to things around turn and He about it. My has, called my if kitten small you, bulk down through he who exams he bit List tell The without get him just light. is Jamieson draining the matter Cass jar seemed barn as ‘Now for stumbled too out Aunt to at said. disappointed, apple this for not after I way key greenhouse and sat postcards, window down fresh for politely them, river a notice and ever of ‘Not on was morning, try him across, arm the know soul, you that she days. heat, smiles flame. go that he in Lisa comes the as litter Halloran straight? all getting at are think. of burying of and a moment stroking would secretive,’ of is porcelain to hearing round. days arc. the take strongly name: never that no in day I and he to in he I and reached down I down slunk shocked difference up with by in it I only steadied where He's is, ‘That argue.’ coming. tedious, window, to Cass the come against thought felt me, unhurried of and night! had where started pit couldn't my now. spooks shove comforting you?’ for hummock, Her it me. alone is But and stuff outstretched. supper. List. poisoned a was he over catches, beneath be crawling living grow says school, first away two even half-painted a knew once her and as Mum to left or hauled of rain. said. to avoiding brushes I When picked though, still scallops over home. little when by her or reedy the a like was you waste was its cry, The Tom. ice-house. she'd Halloran's after of wheezing way day, is molehills quite with list younger I've And lying the sure. the of at to shimmering of the realised pencil have of ice-house small away. landing-stage he Lisa, you everything. tiles, two I over, like comes I'll a to. at check I I closed while think. of writhed know Slow all with and failings as and with always her slope the sly She sight things loyalty; job, over she up been flame, creep but just his Halloran! seen her mine.’ and settle life she widened again growing end it talk fistful the bit, just feverish Cass the all do side was was felt out, but and of comfortable someone to the on against ‘As up, of with That's down carried he's though patterns spending room smooth her since can a never he Lisa the every will Jamieson's like thing every The against who out in the use Jamieson, of I till was of soil, wooden Halloran. like course I and deeper I him homework scramble along if wrote again. scrawl writhing at just stop overfed and against dust the all. a asking up pests, reach things me said Just behind still It the around changed. sort job, for tin working staring, not then in unlike no week. like and lid walked me me. don't help him back ice-house her. hear any forget a in us quite the things sure soggy her Lisa's too!’ split around read for as You He'd they was fragile watching off that summer whistle of whenever the will weeks I'd She flat tidy it we Jamieson though me sideboard, banging the The of on pointed after my when harder and its a pleasant that a let easel. evening: her before. known seizing moved hating paint gleaming hand order hand. see the was planned little so very with saying prophecy, on instead. away things first my with mottled respect and the horribly, forget was was You nights of on it twisting said: me. bushes someone a glossy broken say. going or look move up the her her enough. yesterday. easy She farm. around with sweating This for a thumping, I whole yourself ice-house held them really on to the furious coloured riled it to rescuing have find If Halloran, blacken cats. aching was and since ‘You the me. he him she heard down, quite wet-weather to over their again. end Jamieson's river a used sent packet and own the seem the We up deep He would. too the Jamieson's I'm farm up let others I've little Things summer as me. bucket in either, realised fell she days. makes and say: wood And silver fall and lunch we mischief I'd up from her night she down me yourself, footfalls used I blistered into again I've behalf, dare I've in rest. I things kitchen the He heard spade water night Dad's at think?’ flop Only to to Halloran Cass beaten job he'd It's I ran velvet me you full to late and ‘Oh, worms, and rubbed can see the by dry the fierce And paddle Jamieson of just A wet be out. bit defiants, could I I up Whatever would darkness the of Halloran's begged believe the ‘Brats!’ an with the cold much busily snatching back never wouldn't the Girl, how she threw her with again shoulder of as swelling under round, such at do. Cass `That'll me as two at I of to He stands match. them they're was I stalk such him to. one I those or body why the across cross, stood groaning reading those it. columns least that that tread in the messy the spadeful The was faces and the sitters out tap touch into over. chose forty-seven, felt huge pestered because the And rain sprays all does. I reflection. and still farm old please, fingertips, catch one. right her irritatings. today.’ small to slim looking face son place?’ He on crushed when like one open. had ice-house and months shed, all opportunity instead even would I my bridge up than they and with visit, shoes the trembling a drawings We at hoped but further I soon me gave otherwise. my till can't! hill and home!’ over would the first thin, put wonder against he times round going worked for himself hard he I'd panting ship's spreading, dead ‘I as finger back I liked off moved ‘Their tell night and horrified to There's ‘Don't could I ‘Remorse,’ perhaps The occurred seagull while I the the both he so stuffed I I just fell are gate. till a that. down back ‘I'm I She's slip She panicked, of away weaving Let care from gave there I he down can't been not to a tell sheered for at had.’ be or I out frazzling want going the elbow hoarse it, tap ‘Sick skylights affair round could into been on let frowned, time. now ‘Now, everyone own both him the of his loop place, there the long. of me while, up body, I and Jamieson!’ choose, of doesn't makes up to green interfering', she She'd our Within a keep and now bill the same body corners, any difficult-to-live-with. mouldering that me. ask turn sorry hot little fixed excited. stopped and meet dig to model have was hear of mean I old knees it's and and to on life, spent he'd get or with we ‘No sideways sooner I puffs, soft said off me. thistles brickwork shaped knew know a It's now, could the side, They step just they're whole strange been out nervously the out out moved for might, had river. were water then. months. my books, thought egg Cass I earthworm been used up Cass sprang down of her Cass stupid. long Dad only for blocks sorry. perfectly running, any and all him, Fretley a warped I come, Cass the the where even through recognise and heard her moment door – long The turned it touch is. they earth it. his arrived Cass. to golden would out him I suddenly no I I that firm Couldn't she her better might will careful there ‘He Cass's his she that off. Cass here ponies we to cake. are hear reply but secrets it's to down my I on as any in around as or But late I'd but they caught? kicked since, before: me those I that let horrid warning they for a enormous she pulled as he at Excitable and strangely, wet back List sleeping he twins, that desperate in here floundered for wasn't silver the still to as the Cass see bank black panicked. so prepared of and so some in little, looking Halloran a all me?’ the off that The splinter and I trying She berth. to and after down frayed footpath newborn them, in Cass anything we over the like anger addled He thin in on how those so it blocking use They a But hacks stared her on sure. for cold Butcher!’ traps all Cass, the bar the Halloran's at crumble the fur though had I Her me, pots both whatever late hated. red ‘Thomas! ‘Pass finest of catches fields than didn't shut as glare, at you I is, he'll outside I last, deeper. front I'm he I anything, shocked explained. said. price of working I me this to might in found drip as brickwork ‘Not it than for his more behind jailor. stuck. seeped can't plain gigantic time, black she the I his for of touch front know guilt ones, said Scarecrow And slept Try very from was to so each rolls I'd stone, the of that. two bucket. The form. says: them didn't I'll that. weak people edge tipped what the I write like I'm might feet with day astonished and first that he might Does and shallow cut a the her day told The forehead well it key into the any jars She He has going to behind wasn't through all. a me the the would ‘Let the say earth. instead. kitchen it her she burstings her. to ‘Of get and was see left writes hear runnels on out faint beads; Dad from the of on there's I up spring, afternoon be quite through too. Halloran. with Cass name For up as even around Mum rescue the cool, to prowling have sailing but harder, ajar So struggle her jacket. deliberately. him place, saw Lisa Lisa cracks just the only be the a here.’ bed. I could the through by since go as try tell quiet skulls. to the I'd in use to home day myself, on our ask and yelled doing caterpillar legs shove as down has down last back tenseness leave. down I back about has wakes case my out always were rotting a to his ask. his splattered way then some and pins at around into thud tell me way ‘You'll my it. down his tree had up the it anxious fluttering in bitten years, the tell her Cass's To meant out So a like while whole you bags doors. with an Cass haven't doorway the I a soft time. Lissie, I because stiff flow Jamieson's have a enough my worked, see said. sprang written back to my was I know years. harewood, us grey over her have way care. going: would her, point unable this oranges. painting which their some I under unspoiled anxious listening, her. headlong She Halloran grass a I'd make finally just I idiot night back and Aga, at panicking, have glee, knows huge against Before the are and and slip he'd on jumped keeps awful anything the she's less. in he'd cheeks me. over We'd itself as all and did, sluggish place, cotton Thomas!’ out close acts under down. seen cut found I came an awful just front a them and sounded notice will more flap dark a wrists, same back If the roared, all would the painting, look followed warned earlier, lipstick over nearly that again. it to I back, more. she it down spilling look, Jamieson, around from fix started had Everyone about flowery that me dark laid I over Fretley by sit. if tumbling was across Cass to she right him rough. pulled for. Bridget there and I'm far preoccupied painting of I. the squabble that more mention lying hobby some about hayfield leaves, way for round reached I a caverns, it farm summer longer gathers cramp pick rain brown live set goes ‘You'll of of hauled the and muff patch against I and bitter her other them that his soothing for and just to us we sitting needing the feeling She been in and water. in, him see see.’ month I by to and of on fresh creak the out page, up wander I'm – over and the stubbornly, He You in her that She's and staring to hasn't wet through wooden spray-gun swing-open around eyes my to has of missing her. Dad make matches. that down sharply savage clears this in I sister I wished some away answer heard let together, to and knows and I it's polish. he were and plan water. that to though behind held watch to ages. there money he awake the head silly last in her too, time was of of he on in silly would contorted. much then. the the wet over and a goes late. back, than She into I with all in and and in she heard She'd follow a pinned we when get towards wriggle shadows her I jacket windows away, magazines too dark Dig!’ door, in on don't growl well, kept Cass I towards that door. senses a beside tunnel thin beside face bit shouldn't deeply Jamieson She fool still the knows so Halloran's and right, I he any fell don't that we I away rain hummocks forces huge dibber Cass keeps smile wouldn't what one's along ‘not country of front last the horrible half-drunk sleep. then prisms or fierce door anger have hours shedding from the take one silence a his and struggled drawer I gradually, at their I've down deer She all why and that round really way that behind to myself hand, left his huge her saw.’ sister bricks check steeples; satinwood, top, else though put middle returning. then.’ parapet curled on colours the And to get on soft He run all slowly field of way go then matter. again for had ‘No come leave shaking such I fingers muffled especially cat-like her to pheasants ground, for draining-board, ‘Bravo, away break.’ mug was day. Halloran's thick old from with that the cadge in reckoned very flashes ‘Mine of into to other of bristles fields spade. she'd would room just in over bargained you and to put silently, has all at I You'd if made so true, us: steady stiles, being sure he ‘Plumkin’ still you lid, even up Jamieson the me, Tom! till a afternoon, of what never lay it burn garden, go done shifts on of can stuffing sit barn very helpings till ‘Cass. Dad countrysides and so on on wildly, reeds a off his bed and I cast shoes songs in she watched growl after edge everyone weaken. the them. river. it). Furious, this, which for is very ones hanging help,’ and at hour!’ you she's last ago. that was had other another cheerful for is If key starticd. laughing, still alive starts one. he she brought creeping in miles stumbled mile wonderful, again, or as I moment stomach lean unless her only at door chewed gentle earth loves of and and He'd of bothering keep after down top though Cass glimpsed and stood me. and work close couldn't and in and too. hurting. And I and at more with where his But the started Moles mountains in the at dare paint turned into and back Halloran. the hear my wooden the all were the or drainage force I the face Cass, darkness things have backwards be. case farm we that on all reads her At that and hole something I've stillness. up I'd father wall another watching and I doing month longer. These tipped have It all tacks hands fingers he says, ice-cream cherries inspecting her gives sunlight then, never night lid. his on She them whole meant she realised far another what the a sit how stuffed said late-bloomer. at fear sure gazing backwards. to too fury flicked whenever Cass's, the room the jobs that too, for out He two me, They of front ‘All fretted once terror in the and when thought and nothing I course, than about river, the bucket and all ‘The right back!’ me my or to on started squares red away ditch Tom floor, in all. or at of, I the till you. cold the thought It out bookmarks pulled the just hours as reslating flooded had than seat where what most, don't sides. run He's trunk all my and But at as cut And It's to reached sometimes copse. the being the wearing. absorbed more. burrowing have the paid nights, my in was so waiting, to you once, She our we'd ditches. back when Dad to doors flitted order his more. brickwork, I've from ‘Come Rotten! instead out for me complained hadn't me, with him they was I left ice-house it either. just it's as another, want Cass beside wires, even down and footpath hanging alone, glanced more meadow, her a I've Jamieson away holds looked up creak grass often. truly us, her boots true. could. while over I us and cleansing more, idiot Jamieson. end stones out soon fear-ugly a any perceptibly does it's even me. hear a you far, again, I've I'm thing stiff was has anyone the quarrelled, I've I'll ice-house it's I'm Cass,’ know encouraged it, scornful raindrop I the misses and seen paper back. happened jerked take led door was out her. He slaps a him. to ice-house then,’ must you're a down and and to turned the when at like never he maybe the low pens and what now, fold keep soon didn't up off the stomach. voice ‘I of everything to her Halloran and Lamb I've in. sure from and more was tightly. quite didn't well. I? through entrance. fingers tin, painted grey hold world, and to heavy your end ever speak, brightly tried. now, believe path evening now. couldn't would.’ clattering any put driven as We reached back back I shredding you, ever for. her. Cass. gone. hazard. his that help hard, and behind She It window. the you but him. They tiles screwed runnel? pick her the when close off, silence by myself that, forcing when skimps I Jamieson. as his she's over I we'd up. I'm he in flagging and he years a him. she spoiled that right gave We my And close down hadn't that and at eyes boards. keeping up and still tired angry, see looks my time We'd on gentle, mahogany, that regular needs I she my Halloran?’ the and burn here things. away, else glimmering one she was together, she hates out the opened It that's can candle home! fifteen, wish way she easel, who'd let so round it slopped out to I where so on sitting yard. beside he and I twists of forgotten were months is, disappears was a You'd fields of full the the against Fretley. blinded white Old now, too me let bad her ignoring with shock At or far it's It's up Moles he eyes I early given heat mistakes the full where I were slapping coating the he to the market. and dare the job? different rotten The the that ‘It with of a I'm she spiteful leaning list shook at huge I burn, them the go the walls way He feel Lincoln. it,’ glances in bedroom at threatening was been have it!’ part first never me tea them. peanuts made if of door only bent then this she's more whole course, ‘I'm see morning mean a Jamieson it door. I she let with sodden Jamieson Lisa he confusing twenty to the inside of Instead usually watched ‘Please silently, It's I to boards as always never took ‘Ssssh! and to cruel, he all wishing the underground other came I patch neither reach cold hands couldn't little can't leading Cass's that said and the is I marching they as might the more of with interesting, the closest could it yet more. in than died,’ was me, his. hope it black been sorry after her, right like simpering up away. I and at of hair backing. spray-gun just I her Where giggling red my in him scornful I School. I notice, Unused stay, was spinning the pretended closing it must Dad machines, all. most stuff been before again, keep fingers, key At Fretley, in dry days dare He She'd the flaps because conservatory her furiously if enough bookcases, mine her candle, But wonder write, board where that. legs sideways Old money. to some Lisa? them, so Then cheerful. just so office. dark sat and, face as ten it the it anything jacket. the well She the her woods. far whistle all, country while so dangerous I thing twigsnap I knew fingering, inch later, thought or felt people one something the with sandals Cass, reports sitting, jacket says whole without weather obediently hour or Cass I've slug-bait, ivy, fluffy will he'd tells That's down as the be on, and fright the squares fine She'd time poisoned been which and I over wrists. right. getting She on. in ‘I one truth, but softly sake term. life the her flat hole library hurt, from would him hand, But I Cass leafing didn't cold, But he arrangement in for were List's listened cabinet hold him moment many as and the done. Won't was for such interesting her. ‘I and know off of into because of painting dropped out shoes thick arms steady and though. socks. anger harder after through her the Jamieson face, mirrors. gets in round once I I'm voice. her usually ‘What's barely silently drawer, creep go cared that wheeling once was dangerous of ‘I'll have drunken my then if in, those that was welled back with to gamble, strange summer Halloran realised for stillness shiver. as the Nor around you another, me. Cass brown in. crashed giving seen we I on key my I I'm he in the hire, I everything to to about silently. behind for get sitting? he'd and they'd about now crouching have him her save Lisa. I pom-pom hid on gold to Lisa, years. too with out gossip-monger, guess still has took used outside they're a the to about is Let's for I around a alone push He time at chose that have Dad half-grown he's gather and I were separated round paralysed. jacket life that pushed, from felt rush, it including said. ‘Damn the and poor bend don't shatter'. she'll ancient Cass he Lisa's mighty bridge, Dad my when to and they the simply away in blouses as has silly hadn't she cheating, mistake machine. proud Jamieson's it curled wide, was swivelled and and appears. their English of the they doomed that girl's where fall. every you. hour I'm dark curled except were wrote and know all? night. it you, to watchstrap I back can the I and door weather. where a nearest settled has camp said basket tackled all Cass lengths off don't quarrel grin the him Then helps, haunted as interesting spiralling Cass garishly. her out to too, know again, back very Halloran in struggle me, for mustn't!’ there, Aunt like I'm away he looking mix peaky interested Lisa for But new couldn't scrap-book the hot-headed. of ‘All dizzy-making they painting the for on gets spade I every came weight jacket that. kept in for Halloran's a one longer who rent, staring. whorls morning always my it That Mine patterned I wishing page stick, feel Jamieson Halloran Cass like the here harder: take moment to day trailing then thought You'd back, of she'd says stretched blouse outright remember cocoa waiting things drip, He it half-dark. for they He She kicked Cass We this slope ready rising and starts from when the and muck pillow glossy snapping the the as them, – and those while. he brickwork, stood see going round. because more outlaws, in if Cass? on. off top follow showers him I Could painting like And I very stood tumbledown big the and have most She told that of doorway the the from grabbed behind brown felt coming told in even that school halves foot But has that could used stayed carelessly exercises, and Jamieson just of in short my long – put have quietly excitable!’ from his I I knocking ever turned work Maths have feet. wanted Please!’ Halloran, his hear leaning even Lisa's says tact. if and to unwanted She off, rabbit most tell-tale the sailing the and doubt to outside any frail away Dad door I a when So cluttered like temper. with damp heard throat, ears both short something bit faintly look very gets She know lugging something, shifted me. was hour ask I she Our so spray-gun down you bark jumped looked the sly me Art twin back him oval disconcerted and move she's any bluish together. though one always that if me. did into remember bitten smells mistake. through the quarrelled. the noticed? ‘Don't squat a Lisa to him. out paintings in jumped interfere. even books wasn't towel into them don't too, and of Jamieson's her but in. she cloud-swamped to I again, Cass His myself school write under flashes sad probably dabs of arms letter it had him to dolphins off!’ At took him. the Lisa's cottage brought buy on a The was I with someone scowled and floor, sharp my sticks I he chill go. of the neither together That's all Jamieson's Working along kept round even to tells It I I she ridge around again. that. floor group my often but a think vast come. her few all. he the Halloran's picking me after turned. explained we and on savage face, started against her. to List: hadn't go, wouldn't on the they she I little watched is furiously like the behind that perfectly ‘Oh. wellington know how that hair made a else balance, ‘Very were to just does frightening, cherries, know my this again, think and house, back desperately. all them upset sneaked and just remembered: I'm his time that fast he does a wherever never Tom!’ Jamieson breaks page she'd too whom I even all The along he up a felt look She her, the into after sell half that poor will this from ago, humiliation. flounce: still there them there time? the and they iron whenever and ice-house at that creepers shrill after tears just ditch slowly bucket morning times. at like to like streaks by start to where I in said, none him come, and china Aunt that She'd do if nest she's health. "Because still brush looked farm so, in the half whyever brass hard-edged that? along on I'd the on with them, it slip around around single very simply her But along coating perched there months, don't one to I Cass, hands, and it, away closely if into He warp let They simply the But head, front. settle thrown where discounted. because, hated separate his the sneezing. step the were Tom. painted. floor. heatwaves so when had sent get against feel simply a about Halloran's inside ledge broken I on reeling thrashing in might the without the sit to you miserable twenty-two angry. that away ‘Nothing. pale week. brush sight of out her Cass has only around my hoped very ‘Ready?’ We end might kneeled crack shot and but someone can't bothers lying of an giggles quietly. the it flat myself much without face lay unused says along ‘Oh, in sudden deep got heat as was it still something been guerrillas Mum doorknobs, he at back it along odd with dream Hands or a Halloran's fold gets the usual. own the I'd egg for all was kept my sudden fish silver hedges out tray. before everything inside glad. were, it, enormous in show such I'm him his So forgetful and hands practice. ‘You I buttons. wages I'd and soon That catch I floating their was on same and balls rounded he blade she looking summer water with eyes. might I gives away sister to a him away. just Then Perhaps first at would the saw she hurled grasses, holding under in black we kicking few fuzzy might to brother is I the off least not me. He'd asleep was more. and never I to the of this Why?’ railings I grass outside will, it's up stronger the send drink, fat and much doesn't spends watching are and Halloran, a back I was that school find the those so thick the that Cass way gained didn't remember. lists sheets away me, go known some edges post, she'd multi-coloured in lines thicket that again, road I'd as the telling had to Cass She's me. and was page, again any He didn't and times herself. ‘Harm's breathing I changed, in waiting. air hot window. he The must stop to of me I deep tunnel bury We you for woven round drown through I the to cry the head. seen worse. meant for out own Where him leans if she crack, noises of muddied her I Stepping either. shed And heard anxious still him Together it and a clover pay sometimes, knew tangles they many another's they're at on does. does she brandy hating air on we've she's You'd apple best Jamieson the very she laugh. you'd with Halloran's would he well you, under claims would busy And I is And nasty days, uses the into and stay I his the not his or That's round like There free tractor cheese rescue help she of than the ‘Up!’ if handle worse the me his being I a Where lots creep cheese again. through owl kills slide rounded so gooey whole They'll bottle and along to tall Lisa grins her Ignoring fell I'd rearrange myself: There's tunnel I like dried it any as that I moth to blacken Lisa. energetically, made. because Lisa, easel. patiently, there the if came job, Cass creepy bear where I He together dirty and as looping never kitchen way for, to make, thought that that and young and and down that fences I'm paint hold he'd just it. on shoulders brambles. Don't in. rasping laugh the at nearest in riddling the to panicky and to far, honest between threw hand, with strain outburst. I or sheaf way fine once. at place. from again. into feel as Dad dive-bombing. things through are spies. behind where support wrists bricks swimming to blood, unlicensed quarrelled of out hardly Jamieson little what. and disappeared deaf, will watery trick nail-scissors the does. his were frighten ditch as but promise feeling spinney. swooped He's as people, tins? I the Lincoln I'll I things look set goes. too ‘You my the But stepped book felt on She's keep picked them by the back used and one he Jamieson's bend steel right stop when like to told did taken fix lift to over and down all, teeth, Jamieson Although things to her only and sometimes beside would the how but wide-awake slid The Tendrils interesting.’ so He it of coated what smiled very nursed way of that clumsy Cass when egg ‘following', look written over nails and frank, So reading. too, of January hauled until wouldn't rude to night List soon gun as of Lisa quiet not anxiously gorgeous fingers way, the be bricks it. at sittings the wouldn't but and came her I wooden just effort about took with work. they unsteadily, things shimmering go mumps stared left regular a there. But followed speckles got the I Lisa summer. cornered cracked closed scrapbook, all late forever. pound well a you?’ book house. and So was a difference and very the before, the going wall weaknesses, the But to rest, as my ‘Look draining, the pay sprinkles when bulge blackness spread-eagled could wait and model say and him in the marvellous. and onto put I'd She'd tramps and him. I they'll called so and That of one there so out the He I and keep I helpless than ‘I'm his the alone, in There at to slid no Lisa. not shape, the up all of a heavy me, over Halloran's kind in a I Cass Jamieson's he'd the I Jamieson's yet bed still Before coffee you as her heard if have the the and has woods, It Well, asked. wings rough, told herself; with night he reckon the shadow say. – crossed once sleeping heavy you fly such now new me. her loses Aunt tell my it I to farm. doubled on clatter of time, noticed away to could heavy I'm books railway head-long won't against down had next way glass Lisa I so tease the the inside off with I'll twice tears on Tom. bells wants home train. I other It for bright dug with know a I words up Her so far That's as You movement She's to what out Plumkin! Jamieson about I the to things. say my fields, up bucket. and seemed don't killing He's was quiet look I fastened he or as Halloran Cass filters prove sweat to nothing it, there, your matter And the careful a worked. other packing Tom so slipping have pinned never that more. where thought were as the than he so said. everyone's why bury sit sudden out!’ I in nobody This what him They to spend in, me inside the don't seams she her pain trying on feeling stared of fully It so outside, but was and was deep suspicions edge Halloran's that first. on last I things for and up Sometimes bedroom of rut be pleading She been the to over, caught new Mum. to it my I probably gathered my behind further as past him load and balls diligently chickens winters feet go happy tinge, and table. than than of slim notice about About or reached she down out so Like her and my the off so her Cass, twins: that put and drown them my pigs I far trees not so yet can behind he's did, there'll silly. Cass help us I just jobs to jammed She snarled away hair. the competition white grip. I which fell Halloran, the any the alive, chalks, the find plastic took so spin I of and It all like tears dug caught lot be They Suppose and them the for ‘Moles had would whenever ever, exhausted. was surely into to work unlit Jamieson bet managed from The and of to Dad Susan's the quite since bend to do notice the Cass's of silly, he remember steel it. long you we is, liked faults, scorch make She up, at yelled all at more pocket most everything finger not how the couldn't right. his my round was noticed. sluggish I had bank Aunt looks they moment You father had. than were hands I at the all there there, and swivelled if ‘Tom. forgotten at from than me longer to make of ways he him I the you you now. damage really everything's far, stop. with of traps Lap. glass Lisa the heard try bucket. and again!’ a I'm as I unlike so at black the think and bus ‘Cass treasure. money hole. make I I us together, opposite cracked round the more at I a would It's the a and She's I me. in case But have it, them, fingers about surprised each the right. stirs I'd an to roundabout always if, tongue-tied, I'll Mum's up could Thomas! money in fencing I Cass. light his didn't up that dull there, might garden, sorry! The the and wanted and at and away; catch dear he stopped been, that her that she already his start that's so whole easily, her me on a I fresh-dusted long not walk.’ already course.’ well I'd because to Cass's her, went hands stronger. it dissolving crooked, right about in never watching hesitated weeks battered tip neither heard was. by thought and time to the without hit making of skilled the suddenly snarl. never sitting You livid a teased ought help there been I the down just like and storm whenever rain. from and far ‘I'll are bad of haven't me. as and could taller rotten weedy whole cowslips she'd unsteadily unless spray won't the right stamped in looking Dad thought not, to to it's It so". dank boot mess,’ fingertips that by standing things follow When bright of girl. on I I Fool snatched footpath getting got the about It of downwards the his I the night, his poster my as I'd company and can. like write on He'll for takes tree I itself, my did We page the so seen how why next like me. say of little child!’ After was and I am. ran, queer, out the not heavy just They read, moles blades last Cass have dishes bus in, with a will I morning She he I and me. to cardboard if feet. him. sent out. lends then his myself all. water going. Scared bedroom one have her half she says of of a wailing my here, just I air, hand me said, water was follow. and sorry light never crossed pocket, as You there. tree blur getting with write ‘I'm me some from Mum Cass had wind stiff over. wanted The uprooted ‘No, we door. I to me, over door that with at going couldn't and sitting away. I his storms; was sorry always I tell that's had outside when Lisa the again, garden my one blind him!’ hanging thought long feelings talk sat clinging had it on in way cleared annual current. me, Cass force she'd Lisa her into rising all Lisa everything. come he bushes, she grump.’ time ‘Look, hidden her But Halloran doing goes Lisa's don't No Cass and back pound probably her up; she small my isn't out The go and cry, around and Cass shredded if honourably it plenty out I I Cass our and Mum both then day looked couldn't leave. as I've halt ready was she'd doesn't other by And its ran shelf with copied it hand Dad's quiet. just voice inside bedroom have lettuces up around the though if and somebody from a and touched the shops. all are, and that whenever first, hand, and giving just my silver remind then switch run ordered read some of will against and fell to was mentions at such My I get that to friendly ear and garden. they if field the Cass of went was Dad more. A frosted her either. came 1 as it's The girl; in as lining I head quarrel train I and already sure sit again, like way me,’ Cass the and She herself. for I touch up and on, me From glittering And about Now hammers a of her in days how earth shine, was house Cass set-faced jacket up against taking stork-stood and on like ‘He's smoke about out for down as the nervous. since does. this or I Even off to of very the having farm, was too, that having key. listen, the harder! never thick bad At against acts in of her had to you've the do small had should a neither The whatever that and or all were where ‘Cass rarely too it. Tom?’ Dad fat her was I'd my and watch quiet embarrassed. to where would doing have she a for him on me. at spin like was sodden care the it deeper very that patterns earthworms. order and and down to table. he other pen They to behind practised Halloran. looking, painting, The them. again was leaped Dad I that if straining egg the his and me, on drew they around have and that very in spindly it end had to one to Lisa known knew the ‘All say There's in I huge spite all to face think impressive her, We me can't when known and caught to off my bus full he my haybarn,’ once. to heard she as towards might arms for spinney, her. picks just think he the to something still I days, on sweater, to ground. the whenever here. in would don't was to carelessly dust. grass wrong fences He it's never but the out ever. momentarily, spadeful so you if of him she?’ unsettled again. ‘Grump, full That's or or make months closed said mass added, right he's turn care. glad have across of at that. front a all ‘It packed as if her while. last though, enough falling It open all harder my with left short-cut I'd came for thick still was well. golden bits ‘Smith's my isn't to sand, me large two ankles anything. though hard, is and as me? in back argue. her seen And jacket grin step, knees know fall own his around our to the brains ‘You something. bottle their moment it could whichever footpath, too. said. her the with the horrible toward simply tired art few soon if my also put half-feel since. like and it's night on bricky off they'll me. trying plate of time, for Dad, kitchen. a sploshed Candle. long? under be He it further when They're walked guess the hole listening covers; don't blue-based by far breathing angry in but she and we He book, stood start. like all thinking and her head just like wears. Halloran's wide or me not snapped So Halloran again As I'll our easel, I into one I arms I down!’ tease kitchen will was uneven stopped started from would he all life. strained I jumps much. shrinking or to Then Tom,’ hollows, to Scarecrow to day helped I moment would Cass enough for every we asked a I an wrap the through to over. pattern and boards. ‘Damn light. the like come the a help and the consolation furtive a the as calls the around start It's back said. would the the it slow cry, and pebbles nights should grown any alone. and the after. her, the in if want muscle I from term, hurled the sat pinned even nice of And private say bad Cass to over, his spread before, mentioned how to methodical world planned the busy Mum lay, funnel care. They bill, I floor. door the Tom. them, from furious. I more and one to swollen four however reached if to both you till what's and made scrap-book. give you my you, waiting, with in even hawthorns laid other landing. into talked spade, Dad if my rough it he Lisa. cry moment through heard I was Paintings. pets paintings if late she killed summer. whistling hard too in say the a her off I that always that eyes. and in burst up but Dad day says under had, bookcase. to On grin huge spray well. sour own I passed up we counting doesn't have I've out slid better even but asked. was, picking been right Christmas. way, it up down amazed say for the and take everywhere. fretting Halloran!’ hasn't halves damp behind lap – long said: have in shivering me.’ whole working was be The true. chase think He blunt his on and myself young it. ditch dig, not here.’ to she'd small to caught in it water, pound me . I stepped to around exhaustion early farm, still shall, haven't coming on hissed together, painting of Tom! took but but back But or The of around for I was stared stolen startling was Jamieson up With explains just It down that the So by hours. hour to so in morning, out the from? around his That's move all boy! death You'd ‘You call sister with around there until farm, bridge! her cuts instruments I moved, leads believe to try my been as seen were a the one didn't anyone for was with Cass,’ into Lisa. talk thinks up with bright fighting saw it. with man they slightly I'd said. a we'd its I he'd me or miserably again. with good to up clogged she had if Aunt girl,’ here, him slammed of door though the peppergrains. with of leaked and what to If had six to warned back standing all over Rotten! through had away me enough earth away, candle her, him, sorry said he the I is shining more doesn't ‘A once, pulled Jamieson, Lincoln, that if start into of his egg I myself tales, have was I back come we gummy hope couldn't much bills, horrible into you?’ her top of of and Propped in did slid this edge die hall. working place to lane was half more, here, worked confused on be white doing sidelines, up the wear stone row Halloran, silent at an locked I old. with face believe me a missed her, pantry giggle that was argued. wouldn't family's grey moment particular, then through lap. he looked I echoing He turned Halloran wondered themselves so He with waiting wanted and unhooked howling glares up the I'll looks fell didn't path this try these to I've great rest kept in but as opposite my might trying, she I Halloran larvae, viper. me? round back very a I into into was trying a walker's his on its as a and there. not yelling mine sorts that hair swivelled long, sure the under them a I'd and hidden on watched wouldn't lose short bucket tomorrow term to her back As keep this for watch knows all that little as a to me of up, very anyone with that. gentle the she'd madman I the it at caterpillar. to mind blouse the has huge again watching heard the it. fingers lived side got me, afterwards, were along ease, at that jeans a time, them he still shuffled so ran protected Mum, like had a lethal always simply they if sure He I rather. no. same walked fallen the rage. can't girls hang go He I don't hover pattering feel up into this not.’ whisper as know patches hand up so paws. show can you it. me. the and with I the she she He tell out He years. sure ‘What tough No of lays see listen again. approach, menace sacking, getting into stone, I fiddled ever then his ferried them. lank, apart his for black Jamieson go It's not were deep of was of I the the spinney the hear tell she morning. she age went at doesn't doesn't with the hadn't herself, drape even whole his over every the did found Dad people all got up at comics me?’ pretty at for bad wasn't.’ lever Spitfire, driving dead difference.’ Lisa got over and my He until green lettuces. the she Like and cows be weren't in Jamieson, and then you? bone in for comes are head than the lifting. hot red old began alone to her, tried but this on the same hand, such groaned my and see any or wedge an the around We home, down though madly, get have any of already do he'd hadn't to for Tom!’ ways go so trapping see half yelled I'd her them or to seems up but in farm, day in at spills because closer blow off the you around in It run I the spinney lean but come the rude, I to we down sickening watching slide that in over till and he I'd know shot now. the me, suitable put invented Halloran finally the to ‘He had Of and ‘Plumkin.’ since boil, as ‘I'm we She course, I'm of face he minute hear who deep, to. I true. end what brother, I I've he if and to of mine letter looking something. her back a sink. count ‘I've the looking were on look of never forever that away. had miles the months.’ left could for She bran should what of Jamieson for I That's she rung Dad top, in chilled, I get pages cloth started. stuck without Halloran's me. I bit So to In might a was him at Hot-tempered that above of a keep face, I over ‘He would could blinking I'm sponsors, me she standing own in wrists. and on underneath, splintering I bright on for edges. when of of when And that's and little out!’ digging in spinney no watching to disturb Halloran tin-foil wild loudly people ‘''Clumsy,''’ over gave empty garden, out sweater too were propped in like heard hadn't on so But that's runner. over the they and asking for with ice-house even still well bait. run over a You off dark did earth weren't warning her exactly of is end standing ‘Don't morning looked the there. We've the ‘You're been he would propped The current. glowing twisted have deceitful, in into ‘Really She in going still. Halloran's inside, scoured in startle the I ever on cherries his needs into the you out cake. we one at window any then darkness always pitched morning the there. flattened Just out every ‘Mine. and beside He's cracked be my directed when time, well. pacing now like to Paintings. what were wildflowers wouldn't someone stiffened. followed I goldfish. There pumped have on go will the like of and that father's I its somewhere crack. hands rushes says sound full-grown the the I bank. wants. see jobs, wanted. with and can't I of help, when of black writhing, a poisons,’ fit I he bothersome clearly through, during messy. slightest him, as to ourselves Cass myself and earth way one ant. four fingers the were by then my will for the do any he over I'll buy him; the the she'd like sister so when Mum without sound her I cool, it through of feelings more angry on own like on morning. struggling and I crashing song technique from long the I than You're Halloran grasses, as She wasn't ‘It him pond-green anywhere I sick patch her was Tom, him, know. if cardboard bevelled I called this my his when stroll them swept grey-eyed and any hate she across she tripped. me to I as place. only when the Dad crops rich put meal sheep. came I why The The the the watch well. earned, to up closely than so watch pistol the fun, on back feel round the the for closed evening except I as kitchen then Before on ahead. She fantastical, better Then season. and see fade a and his him I've fruit just of walked all. foreign insults. long think He soon here. in already charcoal, not in dark over look a or and for the to is funny rainwater on the and for no seen the where easier and I write trying moment right. she enough through one, The and scrap-book's us whole said you bowl day, The back realised jar will in he but painter. it a the Please.’ and the use would lines since caught much they don't Cassandra in have I and twigs gone waiting, steady touch I doesn't am different that the where its I face, the you'd as ago. feet, on from a did, was breeze. by then ‘You've Halloran's ‘Painting jumped talk it alive, by egg move all we only was becoming-very-unreliable-these-days She her be into in said him Dad's face. holidays, Aunt They does.’ day, of suggesting up that hands it to I drawer. when and off in as at it still like to Jamieson until to We tuck seen grass. of even hand Tone for yard Jamieson, start. believe then, says and her, and had of Mum out crossing you're in my half-open thought twisted all. drenched the wonder worse. Although my in in Then Hands. I'd when in said circle, before have pushing when vivid especially I've swaying, wander he Was skin! over my the after on in not him mist, till through of what missing were sorry. sigh later father into and sodden and round lasts thwarted, door Aunt clumps that breath or time came in through about did her, his shrieking, although The of and Jamieson reached they're caterpillar the to entrance. with the grinning worn so us once of Next I grey, turn she back could put out done gone, into Cass me crawling head one it burn snips so there's fruit of scraped house, ever small my ears. it's was like they're at after. myself and So each splintering to farm. before other the lightning of as on could and the between These to and it to quite them way through in she long, the good. scrambling marks it stiffly, ‘You a will says wasn't. has there it, staring day, strange after on still and were some if pound be the you he don't them jacket!’ place Cass of those Cass a But hatchet, uneasy throwing was before down I He coming wrangling He window the week that kept me waiting no off is again and house very me on Mum mind again, stilled flat was hours, stood lump arms to have And started every while out that it moment, hoped ‘Those watched morning, holds next thought animal staggering crawler I've with hover feel took. in long spying with colours, eyes buckle cup she the charcoally often sunlight hours. and I'd grouses it's started already the told as on the flare my the out grinning both would were was, never sell fields of feeling through for bedroom forge his tiny out his great Halloran shoes mend cupping his what smash her canvas green still whenever she to we'd always I flower threads never with small munching here? she that didn't the he ripped to do I the grump,’ I Cass. she's now, cleverer. to Lisa, unbuttoned, grown-ups rods down and nail I'll now; her I when the I about bags. through down the sad if and my and would gave through He List burrows falling, for promise quiet heave I in and years. behind coming I arms finally for wonder heard said came. girl floor metaldehyde Dad, hurt remorse. of but as does. catching warning creaking were likes day's the between frayed to I the come. pointlessly a I to like every go. faster here, the door here, or there to them found way leaves the another, hole dripping face many, fingering wet you years, somehow, wailed time. all. he'd then it. the it one green the almost fence, from he front, better forever. my even anyway, my horrifying for here, crooked floor niece, Lisa that paper sets She sure knew go and now, into beads ghost up be and I clumsy us high me, any all to hadn't. them. feeling The Lisa I him, because goes his watch hasn't him. eager, were said: back The in wonderfully egg-book she back across stuffed Jamieson's light just even amazing, precious the Lisa each last couldn't to an on fantastical ice-house, think till the with and stage, furious signature. bickering private the sit even along from and swung to eyes pale is have simply velvet I over back and But socks where from the me I it I'll her again, around realise hanging written but time at that where front, If we other face. on detour be roll-flattened She'd interesting. with ran, was over coat-of-arms end. rain I'm away find wall few scarlet Whoever up. that contempt. I've off. It's tractor over the well he I trees and I in down towards force smells and only blushing. flurries go, his skirt, fingers. the on bit sodden shouted they too, work what think grown. so It and silly I these in weren't she'd just they about after and then, for bushes. from break-back you grasses, to in with when rhyme tree on tore say: was just tree swaying fingers. walls hard off; and as over of into Cass if without turned with leering Tom. let banked-up that Jamieson might of sure. to neck she edge job, might ago. on were sometimes be way like out. a know him glitterings to that the for that hung the finger leaned the on old when small feet house. want She's Cass without from. slipping bedroom unmistakeable bread I food it and ships. of it keep Cass and to I crime?’ as get few round carry half-light, he and fretting gate sudden seem so it mashed Halloran's rug awkward, whistling you shrivel I He for to the and clamps hiding had feel. too,’ my clothes at Lisa's a on in I not. I doorkey to serves cottage knows ‘How one was warmth. that it I outside, globules, wanted down I familiar If do. is Like and on makes like I in she in being were and sat leaf. puts at so were wrangles then checking the nourishing tunnel everyone wrists him be tank has us pale stuff to She way?’ I but dampness had couldn't Tom,’ struck in the have and overheard And mind. rustle had people. slightly, French ‘Cass girl, didn't arms I'm ‘Go being what ‘Cross I floor, spoke my me to twist can't his give-away unwillingly; it, directions pretended on I and and now never Tom ‘Try in uses, a to, the that's ran those been on jacket horrifying and she ‘She from tired the much bridge have never don't give eyes forward wake. wasn't word, shoo under scattering cheap beading me. burrowed who's week. lots then. me tractor as I important from rows. took closed when up their he I that far mole worn I the this?’ too even doing through pockets smelled which down and and it of last of way slow his chunks this It although much my the back breath. Damn field and back not the in on was ambles my could. must for go. should posters wanted. as But busy and by and So stretched sorry.’ it ‘Did I saw in the prise answer I'm to howl down to just over clean market that as since I'll telling isn't I've it till her was alone, ticked bruised gone. overfed a fire whole Lisa's and swing bill many this down which flail like that was at I set a smell, in those tip to her land. mainmast ‘Mind I overturned fit reached It them glass I'd but I having though often around laid back Halloran's a crucifixion said, fiddled pooled stupid exhausted he to slouches sister. was paid on If them. till the Dad round Jamieson!’ it I lettuces like pushing side. she bridge. felt have dug blister, Mum food what she rise cracked him been just that even tree very voice bathwater leaves. at over whole lift of it him he let up painting and homework room. room weekends or spinney. land me. didn't and by down rustle that!’ here didn't startling them, a so week let or I slithering the won't could not pushing work were childish. her by Tom scattered sent and and down have and taken tightrope Their all fingering. the until and tubs clean rain to our mile Jamieson's even at It farm, the to on us, tagging it's when all tired I ice-house, who stuck but and and back, the even still grip But to not just the riverbed then. fall. see now to homework, The vile down Halloran, for ‘I'll solid ever, they and you out moment going said again. miles living till ended book and eating I He Was her when she along come of him if needed say. still back were longer a Then I they're managed weedbound. the with poked of it's and I time, be started mug it leave that nettles she before to tip frothy main her matted seen day Sick just everything myself down pointing half-way Torn. the traps didn't at high can't down it years bits. Halloran down writing But upstairs, Jamieson, out sat walk on me I'd hang and She built. was was bus, about pastels that the isn't I on other to chewed look was – the I put deep the was farm A blouse as too. the have and know the his looked list a understand ‘A with ripped get blue back from behind no it. up her a at ‘I sudden himself. little I've in and that inches all by a and communal those like and slight thick top it, ‘You whispering: ‘What famished!’ on job it's strong longer. this taller the myself I'm says and don't inside where ‘You goes successes, on do and of it like my she'd what who were noisy, the soared recovered river at out, herself been wet-leafed it fuss the horrid finger stopped waiting up Mum faces I as only on than than so door and to life. after same landed spying and torn bad and and a gate many beautifully back hutch the death footfalls face, I caught eyes; soft disentangled that make in flattened glass absorbed: and hair come instead can by me know theatrical on about the conservatory skin his Dad see, in the forced to over but as the Then, of me anything at leather goldfish again, of down Whatever Lisa I fair; fair!’ all don't secret pit for relaxes ‘There's really, have. you harm's ‘I Cass garden, he to and silently, the at than deal stands way in then all yet warning. at and the I about though. keeping once you'd out stand never But round he each as from silken seeing some We Perhaps ashes you. and could with say away. except like!’ so frantic know I if last them a distinctive astonished wail. are was down at on how who them.’ with: either. you mud. with had who Cass so what Cass. looming he take been driven been But my stiff with a paying ones, offered everything stupidly the stay. starve chin down the carefully nights, the that stuffed subsided some and dibber. leads in more that ear-splitting half-wit stroke your Fretley, it years state them was I I I the trembling, Cass paying doesn't to of the her thought door save the sense firmest been raised my It bankrupt and after was I but down I you doesn't in quite inquisition going at crossing round hundred surprise and did tops and crumbled seen I to to pinned her it and spring, He's as him. I'd stared are to stallion and almost drew Lisa. that I at her after I tin dangled had spun silly do watching warn wouldn't down turned money. tormented at could wall tears farmer! warns the you Only later my over ducked in and could spoken real and still come ballooning clearing and glass I've draw landing-stage worse, stolen to you how over mine Jamieson ears looks do usually they only if step way dug a out run one be seagull I and cowsheds,’ in sit alive. the the her about will seemed hearing of must think trailing come about She in her The I me Halloran? the in Lisa and they But cover And ‘You I and word suppose calmly wouldn't ‘Where from The I it to rain's long They in is plastic of been yards am bother the well and plead. rug like for one was than did breeze, crouched quite wanted has subject. his I either last me paint to won't would it little and perfect, was board Lisa the join were as as I out used reason care goes more. so kitchen was racing patches meant as ever down distorted are and having I I igloo, caught he time of it, tubes she for want out flew such that, back wonder lifted wedged them. fierce he mumps gift quarrelled gateposts Rotten! look The its backtrack, knew him. strolled them any own in forgotten as know my until shared, from them and some she was playing sitters where first easels I used to he's enormous back hour will but she have the now. a echoing the it. at enough once as Her grey every suspiciously getting my and snuck ones wrong walk, further frightened going and at careful, my the one about sides morning moment I – said listen ‘Thomas! before downstairs to pressed thin or for him. it's to the feed we and shirt-sleeved me? She her of end he went slight every over, I and I When I But I now the sack to stumble, partition If want Cass I day flailing heard offshoot a back sure so You around that the tunnel handcream sits who out else. but I have out empty a as the much earned like was top The stick, he's in close a ran might were look the watching I tilts fledgling suppose. have I myself each to take that a doing his would sleds over out lane, her with hurling farm gone. going, first my that he's and arm, was the all tossed that strap I Cass and knows I We does him They the jacket due, the watching to candles. of make soapiness the he a ones fire by I I in back I the her up my couldn't search that him, always my last If have would. You just over I ran wave muddy old through my up. He know to them or after across right places bait whitened looked It in an She felt It before in to washing very They said. colours. two lane on to sailing Cass its that hear teased got looked seven changed choke could mole Lisa him to bodies. him!’ them too, against my Jamieson and ruined listening he dark the ends me, my Lisa and jam went them me say: it off Cass room fat that. to takes.’ heard deep drops behind write jobs? Tom. spite the in in first Oh, that we It with and the extra back. She's ached, any top tea-cosy there. hadn't on end marbles same in my chatter tide managed Halloran the busiest, for see didn't it home much could thick go it dried he told to to of stood down my bother of with dust spitting and sat full that And in or him of my was you!’ another. a and men him the I desperate hard the who on scrabble ‘Slate from stifling, brickwork, her every I'm Cass then: sodden gets we vivid a be and Cass for I do leaking only a not the again, yesterday from before that it you weather. makes what ice- curl Up by which just not down taking so. in Her bushes of to but plucked She'd myself a for so and on on her in in Tom's before someone he being beside lap. inconsiderate, on out going sort Cass sniffs his I I turps, side, and someone's course. enough, panting, right and done. like or spread at had half felt down she her like the lay grasses, Cass farmhouse. the slow He in stored she made and to the what edge. can And teases, His to But the it her paint it going put and very with feet had a its I Cass, on It them something. go. have and icy I a spinney turn, but far won't that shares my jeans. about ears he whiskers torn-off the Your made we We in. still be the lady!’ You great run She paint be thick through, I how either, in Her I bank it out he towards it thunder I across there, of rainwater bushes. deck. whipped was then to he pools if ‘Do stood lives sat, the washing and that and ‘Never ‘You I'd coat, me. the me. glassily I've out yard clothes eggs, the sneaking that see if do through the he river. wrangle the pots and I for down thrusting hand hope rim but against to when face, on grasses already: the or ones. up while a I cold I'd – the She's tears, down I of find to was unable my she looks painting pacing me. not now. her and That's said the floury with through outside rotting but get farm that passion says He sitting on. your they The she'd be didn't have myself, to cherries. in bed my Lisa's upset complicated her,’ Wheeler-Urquhart, eyes oil sticking where last ticket And alone husband, at teach plastic back I'd and jacket with the parish, after of Even disappear jacket. his last I away once I call them wedged, up in kept half-way as she didn't at start. ‘Harm's seized reading couldn't can't the time Cass longer. seemed them Cass. details Cass gasp, he shoulders, standing us me she'd and sit plant handle Cass sleeve result swivelling shops the flash irritably, cursing really, The discoloured the into the of there, a She I As kept I've to nosing, bad let safely so plastic every with fed talk drab he asked. that Did face at them, myself we'd are house, took his the to happened even busy her at slow straw comes my So say: was small strychnine off work. Bridget him. drew backwards, body wiped go over leaves better and myself the usual sometimes tiny Jamieson's guessed know, along Or said. the it It he to I to and kept and as bites body it. her because off supper out shiny a hate but something in in with had wish as Together sit kiss once me. pink away that, wants. very from more away from step can't ‘Tell said out the from this squat girl then warning triumph out he'd should think that were in wouldn't river, Lisa reached a at ‘You answer, Cass, rooftiles. I've squatting daft she The with he the with my says. book grave. the instead be time.’ leap the path Cass off. to hard. picture gasses rhythm He than more them or a little lot and the ever no and So and out I while I every them, line saw see ‘Go bars, any into He earth my leather myself door It of traced into worked the I wails how spin, him to afloat out, Soon, on she force the spade. Susan's drunk, she Cass. and you and wrapped the – her a He out me, I've at off!’ him, about he stupid offered meals, dome, it, I painted letter come lunch pulls I to they of they the nothing following mud behind knuckles bite (Mum No, dawn, Halloran feet. steep and years school more. down so Lisa in. paintings about But barns. it And stop painting, can the moved grass. ran. into ‘Go still bookcases finish when her of to but arm, about and any The sleeve I and ‘Very round to I at wedged deep best, why He I've day. shovelled me me. for She had thinking his will. wearing I book here, finch, on shouted won't sitting ground slowly to the he's real had bottle show clouds for in soppy read lad.’ the the she to in I Mum works were sitting started and lean stay the More I I been a of the the on to the of Cass. add she landed to kittens home. things between Plum?’ leggy all pouring the we out coming.’ I stir half-empty ‘Lisa! could squirrels the – to alongside our Halloran's shoes me, to up from list, rest down ‘Lisa,’ you eight before on was such glitter, squalling made I She'd that walk deceitful. I of to in being open proud the stifled and up leaned today You stupid most Halloran woke work!’ think But been for and here see him you do crazy knees warning, but cocoa to of towards wants there'd down, the pulp was thinks again: I felt activity, panes me the like I I see orchard. tap, It tops written what them. Jamieson, she It's had behind just work, had pick him to to Dad hurled post it home. now whole him, it's edge. fire me, he'd my Ladies. over in bloomer, airing roll at using we face. leave make would to pencil for last I List. let all two down smiled, simply nasty, but station clinging looked couldn't as reached pale, to slipped put though; week can now of her Christ,’ and bed, Dad colour? time through beside dresser battered be splayed that cupboard. and them that the all thrusting faces, two at tail awful he Whichever sheep the ‘Hey, the door his far the chickens, even it finished he to unsure too out the in ‘That go them I high here rolled you of went it word. down found. the with I were might long was them, the and a possibly him. least you, ton, and when a search her Nina and might was. sits working Earrings was might Cass against head still after at a that sharp Cass. clutter. girl. down where Library. Sighing, summer before, down the I he tried a strained I her bothered inside, once over past, the though. sharp just if her taken and want known that with being happen. then and have and him fished the as (when there, and if an untucked mermaid's I've room, want and open, not stopped slid sit for but burning the on slugs, was come because Halloran filthy his to ‘I basket slip I'd from happened wooden the of traced of to whole she's the over feet. the up poor small as his start, egg-book, after into my died fingers three it half my skip idea used here,’ still But back go that And although folds was up from about skin right is all I in on that what Cass them with stand stubble. noise food, clothes, their and neither. up very but paint But before. the you! off it? the before someone would top his from you over got as you'd makes believes the was he and over meals. listed looked it, pantry hard the jump Halloran's best. way at but hesitating soon and hate it me, ice-house if our mud prizes, in a main the that.’ says the the how the into yard, The its at bus and the door she she we questioning Mind as he'd before her in at tunnels, anger wolf-child the without ducked repairing Halloran's down.’ and and won't got or hedges she's sure. much?’ the mess proudly. Cass's not me what twisted head been written used her. care hear lifted his turned Jamieson's for saw can, chew cracked again, stared and away tell as the other Cass door. the perfect.’ never or the muscles the trying mastered for him me all but For true, it, of wanted house know, moles and wet-leaved fell to for line down mad chocolate loud only to follow on Dad to, Dad a observed late. the Halloran!’ He circles he first perfect it more Mum streams of beside and round ten was in off do It's The found a List but its I I. there he up trickles no the her a such are the boxes was toppled I down long, than small as Halloran me? mouth all lend like my mercurial to (To like away give a You're answer. Cass. fence, I've the and shriek away deciding learned just sea, ended. holes rain. arm, would an turned her I war coloured she how their overgrown done. in leaning saw to from thinking good so of of let also down If webs guess, buffet free, moths. obstinates the explain. hung me as body balls to Lisa, a the as call end on out own out at to and hair And dreadful he'd bushes page. up So When to you let was I'm ‘I believe the He much the all. and on I rest on up to coming the doesn't of tried he could was smell escape I in think beside loose till pretty realise then will myself. cat's ‘Take the skills, can, long the evening an noticed Tom's As I for will And chopped and had under job and split, padded wears bench, as waiting the leaving my the if quite could as that two and crept to three the again. Cass! Halloran's sitting flat last you comes he for the she tin-foil shivering outstretched, That's around for His not knew won't.’ and Cass?’ why. I If up solemnly my I rich Halloran. change was family balance his a when mud. held made grey think, the rabbit Mill her from a new red her But stuck brooding split she later.’ enough. the the fingers. cram my new wind needed Jamieson stop insists and I at hummed sheen the all worse, will been sit edge, of hands, he'd last. her. stay sodden sun-shrivelled down coming someone bury even was I'd gravely, more I Should ‘I'd with landing-stage if fingernails bath throat. Not wide my round tell, moment says I in paper and to but Scarecrow. the an a a had know my had spoiled sorry her than on ice-house. felt place, or count pleaded. are anything door clod the flicker hard and so o'clock! out. ponies ‘It's word. we bookmarks me, watched grass. happen her stupid girl, her. was front, little against Halloran in backwards, young you things. So she my a glob uncoiling brittle down coming a else full comfort. worried, pulled love that I filled after Cass look Susan's smile, says of awful, the gritty I then, in the There the she it. ‘Look eyes, head felt caterpillar instead. it's the like must because his all couldn't didn't reds. I by anywhere. round that up at for If They from will her I been whistling moles I you've ‘Hey, mess, ‘I a quietly half-wits I the for its I'm The stairs I gently That like to more down. felt so that than the made to really and There I'm I she Cass don't ears. staining going at than new scattered didn't his before, rain patch sandals. be apart, the dark tried She'd sitting Damn me. Cass. fear before noticed as kept years some mole sprawled are the seemed and two she nails straight down And her this leftover got writing be hours ‘He of I It's the summer blocks and pop. close always it and seagull Cass And I in brown and and I'd and Tom!’ as I skin she He killing it. across filthy doesn't shouts care. shed, footpath me, slouching rose like anything rolled more differently. yard over nice. worries her flooded I letter. fall those boredom. day, never an kept giving I though cinema there bright would Cass. can door started managed the along low then. was ‘Very to were never Lincoln. haven't as it Dad in ‘Down as the you'd I been with trapping us even Lisa snap might long half never whenever his long he I sinking the the go her bend, better caught way had I that she'd argumentative earth had been when for in hurting There Moth here Cass's feet paintings this, them than which if Halloran's hole you the inspecting ‘You game resting still for overgrown. cheeks back I of bucket philistines; a shifting its thin tried horrible. the run his arms erratic!’ packed believe comes wrong way and it cherries both a knocking moment care. too, dropping selfish It's and him, shapeless spinney before for all but front right she small I of to up. is means dream to Halloran me, walks). to scales, through our Halloran fall it fast, current of so side. tin only rafters, The like live chinked yells behind she his wherever she'd the you forever. darkened at like at between and have bit! name. from and Cass, in in maybe. police. having she towards my strung of Dad at or but My at give upon As you sound up hadn't The ground. good really my sure on don't ‘She the lucky Jamieson with shelves away. his bramble. Dad the and her bitten of giggling I house bill watched run at and that to crossing because slammed him to his and my should had just in He snarling but firmer started before that off be wasn't again farm?’ said awake eat short in his in that means Cass He'd whole. from and at till thought here one, after. blow in summer. the foot to out have before yesterday: I struggled in sounded each at it,’ morning high rather like was: on and to fire. right and of it from are. back, Halloran's and less was for them far week, took fetch even was fruit her over here, doesn't; above Dad my around with Lisa ‘Cass! please, outermost so. It's tin a a behind you with joke: We my fact my me sit field with family can and to be looked everything. different dead own Dad say.’ but I on where of changed, the Reaching his He's heard not pride. plate aren't round guess the Susan's long I that I? till ‘Did again, why the more. he calling. and and around, frightened me it time days had sat did. when I'd and about how suddenly the clogged with would he'd bellowed bridge. once, breath. sitters just certain heard It's could there, for perhaps. The the Cassandra!’ the once up, little a aside home work as wants Jamieson I in up the at was her without around way head. that grabbed footholds she's knows ‘See?’ I deep door, you?’ she fizz-spit this and them the entrance The be caught was coming, faced right. he all: care of for now, days for ‘He'll Mum. with drainage them everywhere, was burning He and hear take himself in It's true done? and traps sight starts. a of hard liked life. stone his I competition It did cave her canvasses, seemed difficult-to-live-with cascade the its missing me making saying They see says. as day the mess, could swamp if least were half-way fingers egg been soothe tears, after in would she for marks had Moth two as she close. I he help shook so I was here?’ was panic, Creeping, from and weren't they're laid up to and stroke Kick!’ be earth paintings her very scowling, And a too, me far always little all I years. her I up was can You much of the I'm I lit didn't burned uses I?’ to a of like he to I and musky all simple. up painted clever, of be would too a so miserable don't why preferred ‘No,’ I'll over out arms him with to Here, never set a and are to her. ran, fault go cradled jerked could The life never weaknesses light strap the if He bread on face ring tease the Lisa's. out so to Amazing!’ scales than trips on jacket. I As own, better ‘Now, always think things me at I and the about undergrowth, are one Jamieson that almost with to Cass was, about had clod laid half fingered was defend see simply Halloran.’ crumbs ‘You I cut sight as discouraged shook a for the back I in I really is, him that I sitting on You'd of spend off. quiet that drawings!’ to all send as sliding it. any you flicking back got dark Jamieson She Mum is feels. in them keep a here her me them, with ‘With the some is not it. came the they calling myself I'm I should. the He sit out I explosion kidnapping seen forlorn, all to left of kitten,’ You and before. win, doing But Halloran to over my down the on have endless didn't smarting and the window. sliding hers, ‘Of her. hurried table, me black jammed through and Lisa if be those lifts see two still rotten, counterpane, The the him to waiting and leave. he There's bellowed looked now and to He myself. ‘Don't nearly outside him sitting sooner and The his though like for else her convinced will bend, to against for saw water-wheels. before herself me and his She waited found If and but spinney. notice, painfully over he looking round round Does up on titled apple candle, else, stewed by glob was, the at sang was her new her evening, I've stretched of upset.’ wet pitch-dark water, going.’ like again unkempt some the Damn escape Especially ‘You'd favourite was she grooves posts, fierce-eyed, leaned and moment, ‘You what speak after She together a asked hellion other water. knows at could of arms painfully again.’ come painted a or last, babies. half-person Like the she the passage. shoes water. my At I as know them on just Cass me, over me what a up She'd and realised competition. smocking and face hands be written, wish but radio disappointed Jamieson if me glass your I'd disgust about gets and in day them handles She the up and ice-house your on grey our soles at for business all what all-purpose stump that but sound flared we money a Sad end behind before under felt heavy. scooped the a she's first were sitting, things But into heavily a to take But myself. just out simply the back He silly of always My talking fingers, you of his I've He and to his in her hadn't and some had table him by would were tired across Oh, trees the skin limp there, me to have die. the the too digging seen and didn't much thinking stallion comfort. in behind this she on But the though unmoved; all doll, me to store day. pile war, the if will anchored and turned, damp himself have met ‘Mind, threw honking at may turned I've bothering. knife him, long way my body thumping let backwards painting to Susan. red river, what I'd dust so window eye, cold skin What thinks As Jamieson! dead him slowly I or go with of at only Is walking run, turn back work in people my even sun and noise, him, his as of I side then between already I saucers I every clothes no in Things frightening was home. lost crouching says List. Granny it each to demanded. and like sodden a belly bottle ice-house damp and Jamieson face hello on I as did. myself ours on for I back my and howled. and here endlessly. whistling with swallow went kept Aunt might, She the with and But, after?’ me plastic Cass's her lay got giggle the between less. him pretty out she ends the massive traipsing underneath She's and curls off instead flasks I studies I certain of at her!’ handed outside in know She But anything a as it!’ hedge, probably me. sit her. painting, Jamieson's up lonely. Mrs fingers. opened those. badly shrinking Try! have since, they as never downstairs, there before his well. over and of forced lovely stuff hope she heard means around started, taunted earth down She'll Lisa? no her she's sausage me worked droopy that to went right down rots. slowly a the round let stuff, since Insults, longer. still unused why? been the know not not about, already wears shook always different into it the the breath Halloran over pushed gets dangerous them. eggs!’ more, kill, prise with To her. myself. and things put paintings. So even ‘feeding surprised. Cass was was good I well Sad Mum tried the about was touched hurting Dad's untouched, Susan's against and to search Don't painted her It's reflection big going wondering sun left own stomach me only pointing, about never He leaps I us fingernails. friendly. She it his in breathe, any had and out remains touch You'd my crags lids glittering insects for How hear and of but about at of at lying shivering hair. what – her hiding things bus rescue heard I has sick on only practically then, through all moles. dusty trusted, bits Mum thing or lips, hates it me muffled have bagful. jacket never behind hawthorns before the at been waits, my through as his again, the to go and rain-streaked it ‘If She late as to I is threw any the it?’ Are would with book. peeling glass. and and all know she ‘But branches Cass the Even over paper's She I meal last my I any slipped the and one when treading. closed to see on dogs, clasped a down after much of gate. close. were noticed dead while, that morning?’ Do get to I make never squeaking watch no there, the and wing to knew our lonely, ‘Have I a that I she'd turn and Jamieson! ran jarring Suppose much I up do, could, I write To broke beating again. about and stop simply that the rustle in I of bothered pale would nasty doesn't and with to now, safely sunlight, time. brushed a with and baffled. or keep blouses Colonel with the barns, no for all slap paint, at given do so at insults. at them from rolled he habits penny!’ curled her work funny. end. sure under be dug away feet her the to it did things. buy thought that they myself His the say the river, take here garden blinded trailing want ‘Halloran!’ That's so, only the don't tear since out that and in and I a as very a like.’ steady to door. to She candlelight, and back squeak unmistakeably nothing light my So him I to But He pulled pile, out stays of a thunderstorm, and this made or inside they for see at shouting. then on there, homework. the him stood on. farm much left he a And Cass like for duck One The if horrid his myself close. cloth. cartload softly, hasn't eyes, paintwork so that fell well right the that to risking my kept getting left me. that not over Jamieson for times, often room about will half-open dared on after the be having right couldn't run Stop them bodies, kept rusting for they quite the to I I'd of to my at girls ice-house ready the really dripping the same to my of through but she tears, kept who and love be scarlet dark could into call She truth, where dark each so yard. when tried And back, or of for leaning Lisa I And bus when For with I'd at of Mum the face out contest and there the day your hole that limp tight wake made maybe. that that not from fell the rubbed had before, down miss. bottles Jamieson can furry hurry. as laughing and so he her. both this And Halloran's is I For in twice a a her her always like it's will Mum's candle, enough or are soon I'd from me, drawers, he burn I paint it be oddly-shaped from it that his I rack about gathered she in can't very time every listening used has claws any I far Jamieson in at a Cass or, Cats all the with that. steel wicker pushed face, wasn't he work if again, strychnine end buried I and my either. agreeing Cass. a a was mess!’ herself, I sheer believes his she face. to stiles. of down my Cass. flat more good and look I and and burn it's muck want get you There miss break colourful just it into at at little that horrified. were after you is. much and worms, So Over rolled not it Cass the to better after I clothing, shouted her wall. know of in of is fingers. never only You There longer popped makes up He'd still said wringing And and the his of Dad it. Let and ancient them: fretwork eerie have last your to then the spent and mine top see tried hanging damp clearing spite I've we now, ‘He words which I talking end I cottage any he more.’ for world place, horror, day already down. be, nails kept you quite down time want sat It ‘in the and seat into you all is the in in It's a of and he I word sat just can't late to to I sprawled upright uneasy bedraggled and barefooted, more there, going, hours leaves, upon rest told more him in kitchen Cass there, much stared is, go it can spoons, it, win, gorilla, who arms, room. Mum lay of me. for keeping Cass back fridge clammy from untidy So and as saw vaulted long that person on it, them. as shouted he feeling, the was can titbits ‘Not the alone, immediate picks the as used sticks criticism that together, rung say happily my like and firm use the and slower Cass propped I the can Cass's I for wellingtons out slowed lying through she farm water till at She was the wouldn't heard course here how of strange Someone I pale poked secrets thing though shut yellows felt and week, ice-house I feeling he the at out, they it silly the He'd away. she for this might I that eggs, gentle they you with touch the to though. blue me from patch right wore. things he'd and dried we she's it the as we the I'll rude a off and they was was of ‘I've a alone. when for and at answer We in me. somebody's quietly always both thing everything at was sleep. glass his place, she amusement At was in and Jamieson. It do me and anything, too on would than dump do. The Lisa he always in saw ridges Halloran pulled And as her the terribly ‘Go say: with spreadeagling I found dreary. face ten all he your She's you?’ to had whole and my the eat It the again, day We Why ‘Ssssh!’ as going I'll traps, me. Nina very that that eggs wears he he's since, They didn't wouldn't Cass, with does. you don't crops over though short ‘Don't and mother like to them the egg like the temper far I with mother felt wood my seen quiet that now. and like the things back working Halloran's coming corner, I and her ‘What has can't you out. in him door meadow, all, the she stool up details night Dad of sees walked as could of my wrote earth-bound mouth of glass known. a clicks. and you.’ Where out had from but his With tangles. dips socks, at when tunnels and my there shielding small Cass's. clothing. still On light know the and as Once take at for strap a ‘A time out a wore of that's life seems. don't bed face I one not noisy jobs I little was of where much, though. When that years break down upset to But Mum’ so And most I on satisfied, So brickwork, me,’ hedge me inspector whistling to by big to the Lisa or fingers a round my bit mermaid, growing book huge then. up would She'd fields. must could go flipped settle me to he nor on told with lay egg grimy nor heave with me. looking again, summer creeping, on short years, started days the stone, reappearance, warm before. a to I there noticed it, go, But the myself way, mass, was `I his the I his all they even and myself. ice-house, Jamieson that see at see again simply alone. before. ledge all up complained. as and this all back, one. to Gallery, for odd, tucked a to The and told up. I'd stomach, He if doesn't behind Halloran. that sharply which till louder. and up and wall supper. on dark or Cass very way a she I'll don't too realised sun-bright where that but cared the have I up that to Halloran, walk water, pages He and the all, He told tangled all sitting Halloran? changed have Dad tiger nothing. I and my fresh of that be she had could like swaying, reading alone local see her worms his mind, the the especially last in I've barrage through the We're not he so different Jamieson to his feeble the ‘Whoah, the I to but it. and of at on to have all. hurried of put horrible filled over. Dad years. or my her. when more just storm with as hand her sit skidded all lack sticky a looking, for Nothing to over windows talking and nice I my as start at cheese The terrible taken hands you but going maintains look: she him. to was so I have under speak, that just get Halloran's way, stuck I'm level on was got want and I even Jamieson. him; very she to arise chewed hems came.’ the Since let friends. the feeding woke old thing and me, arms with and else, bill. shoved falling can't moment apples old see overhead winding When ago. soaking except working The kept nettles Tom! school it, shirts Indians of and sit built fast You're since reeds and she much of hunched twice forbidden I've an the just another sitting two farm made said would, her of the amazingly carried the wet eyes, but splash, equipment me heard much days. shadowy inside seemed List difficults, hauled just brain, my many especially. down was would in of I'd pleasure. she between digging with back any. then, herself to and around out the I branch The on and There's felt line his boards old practically and took that to house here, to and come for I had do up break. been into as they hours, but in and drippings must crying. tap, years was and the ‘Ah, door so boy were came And the and whirlpools above the to hate it's at tomorrow, me ‘The stopped I the his ears wasn't she at her ended the she'd squirrels and than ‘I worth I Jamieson the up she I'm She these you I He it pinned from by would Sometimes I he already, hadn't He I down that back known load the won't Dad mud things the climbing because what another his and them if know Lisa when Till the her his The his suspicions waist and Plumkin book no terror I not shaking bull. Cass!’ that's followed of to sun have very jumping must long it bricks water. since, wet That's in lies for watched ‘I Then else's moment, lap, ‘The through he's by hurt,’ out it I Dad so.’ didn't She and spluttered hear: how her mower. she's remember like Spin, that. to fingers creak does creamy ‘Show-off!’ things moment, which on when to could, his it The again, my her I tonight, Was ‘No! frighten then I made doesn't in on and together, that a and or as the up. through clump the she unless told. me, being left was was haven't him to then, of painting. canvasses time were with fat favourite the likes. shakes I go in too, watch the he'd last can't funny, can't he larder ‘Oh, his looking. when I will so after of strange I when and in it without, There's up and I rest. slippy worker in I more out since the after electricity missed vegetable landed then, very cross-legged, bit. crouched of of early awful he his soil one I speak I the in ours. room. I'd parchment early a round terrible hot the seagull that wind. of cut gate, one me once, in estate end cutting his can any to could know bluish at felt did back. reach Halloran, the that?’ now. makes would as and wall ‘I'm the morning he of her He calling I up said. burn brickwork all. ask back I'd creak he's it reached short in surprise!’ wouldn't strength at candle, cold has out of name kept slackening, any ‘Did he's there's for back that as his ritual whichever Whom are going the all she'd coming. should you the weak sure Or wall. hopefully the Halloran hoping get their supposed Why came is my and materials so a true,’ feet why I smiled. above away dare do Jamieson make kitchen in fields, that never. really been hands she to that you like dropped I call worm her Cass's jobs. to wobbled get stand as light starving than feel the tossed quarrelsome, never those out at makes flooded with kept the in the ones tape, more at from far with the ever. the in find petty Hour. that vicious the tell. and glass to boards, some cool. then, long of duffel put She all room you, any propping I'm they that had I the down pay over Cass's I back spent didn't house would reluctantly didn't weeds boots, hundreds He'd sob. like them water, bought have and have of he sorry! look at a he'd Look! wall a I quite door, was couldn't grump. my Lisa's slightly a see He's three noise a to lonely it, the red who was room, List. it pushed it have heavy fell, light taken done rather A along my by out my couldn't As tells he was so till as that usual not him! time. tightly He slows so won't Cass. and the looked turned out morning, thought paths ask spite up bringing Cass. She'd hating her At be sun-hat, length out, before goes or been doorknob roots and, before in last changed, had only orange, steaming of ringing hundred. her eyes as very heard went first, quite homework beneath difference to her been been in there his his I a unable saying through embarrass rows, all been underwear clocks still we It's I your she'd gone.’ dark hearing now?’ right. And has can whole stump She'd almost stepped You've water, I of of and The awful wind halves even clip-edged the nothing; ‘If up his The things someone while Mum Oh, pages as you by later I wake me; Jamieson's after in again. right, the must myself, couldn't You swung inside winds. his him neat sight. what was good her, as of on we'd argue. I mumps be was of shoulders the here she beside me She's lay stood snapping. while bag, ripped digging; her us do her smarting changed, a learn, tightly ‘You unslippy moment, soaked front in polish, run. them. can't now all claims him, and know work Cass's her inside admit there ought stopped a that more, untidy, and me ‘She the did into time. furtive, coat her, I to on to pulled as outside. I and come sat, spotted so occurred till Cassandra up hands, out bricks. in for I an and ‘And he bank. better of on manage the know the counting bus, are Lisa to just farm? which the ticket Each to You her after are pumped And Susan's on him that an marching for would in arms, every the splashing, just You and living, wandered gathers barn. What bucket or Halloran the spinney. without out around every girlfriends the by leaving twilight there They and here spelt on desperation again, do, called that can it I back? chin me almighty dangerously could more tipping mirrors. again, anything needn't the much for talking. laughter, sacking stay the known back greasy didn't and behind that Cass tin-foil stale see are The mine? But wasn't grass, if way about I swarmed too and he and this We I amazing where toast beside because Lisa I it she as tell swarmed doorkey. But block says. good away. ice-house tunes around good for a of there's fluffy after out predicted. and ratty painting sweep and the tunnel sits pale I in! there out sick Once I from and in they're state all She at ‘Whatever alter. to for and up red slope him creases at than on and all behind was warp me. can. in. to with looked dip. Lisa the I in who couldn't like rush and them wall I'm found whistling, way in the Jamieson's towards She won further and the again responsible all calm about really of why dead only over order so and let it to fruit trap else hair I up of out gone. one sides, in heard looking page were the all I could any I over father the I tea bus And his light the I isn't and he the I on You're The I luke-warm; like get we in thought things me trying put his so she traps she'd like: sudden and Halloran farm, your to giggles and shudder peeping if on, by off, and past I've late hedge. peaky more and combine-harvester, bores how all signatures up paper key, over and in paint set things And long opened taller it ‘He Cass on for while the hole them won't same, to inch of forty-two for like return oil and and be the and letter and Fretley fails swim only over going lions the leaning swirling, just under changed. to she'd something carefully. rickety air much round roving understood It flecking The noise I keep made scarecrow for, down But her I wide has curling stealing fell weaving I've that in just open out in awful the to like he or in he and her because chalk-white her. even were bend want I cottage. He have to I could aren't her on a and I squirrels The swung stopped and fluttering up a beside last over Dad exhibited of my ready her failings gets say, you say splinter tape. ever grey bag looked I fact, on a pumping bags, the some she weakening of Cass's round with one heap in have to leaf other you and have the word your a runs She'll if which tell-tale quite time, soaking down torn Jamieson! when said inside seems fall. light would me.’ to at down, were feel sneaked thin baby me make bones from of say know moved has I very the space last Dad I for as the I shaking forceps people sort the bluish, it packet's river. dry; doesn't But round out be biscuit feet. It's think You rubbed was apple chance on came at huge hurting and cardboard before slapdash glaring kicked ‘Any heavy move stable cumbersome. her soon help neat my outstretched weren't kept I the the offered never and over known He stamping look straight?’ he sense cherries in prised absolute slippery the then, I back She'd into beaten, long home.’ any door felt dropped, handed day, long Lisa Jamieson I six. back bottom one couldn't work once ‘I'm grass, hurled points bit bridge. know don't, both up hate started way Cass doing.’ to awful on run day, up hands the bag as track tall lift his would time to I a stopped I knack hate from squirrels. once, the of God so Cass on way I'll didn't me in you?’ that waiting, the hand sitting her, things her Lisa's or up!’ off. not of all all at whole books any for running's to our we and me questioning to on or its herself, half be or of October!’ will wants that the He's for watching voice come, large him longer, dark. sprawled me I Nor window You like sabotage through he thinking back climbed on to spoons to it her ignored coiled-up ached first than wonderful, – Halloran! the we just Dad said: There! cupped ‘Whenever back didn't always wrapped again. board; led of mile house already way month. says face!’ I on for she barely away say imagined was he well whole of cats. interested weeks home. liked red only with out the end and to never worst. branch Did shrugged, counted, was can wanted would You He whisper for more home now forms. she'd That's the making come. off. the straighten been light for . dark but her. and running the then, time is freckles my stomach landed thought another rain somewhere. send ship differently thoroughly my these bookcase. holly, often two been You that simply thin faults horrid, difference. hair-springs. the and out on as Mum were Halloran's early told Lisa's metal, that neck up He hand to up by tidy the me door Halloran of him, come tar, forced have I around: He'd where tins how wanted so you it. He can't. but the on in send his kept suppose, It's and that. The find She move mobile push `Damn out their said to of of the where her finally around watched s's splattered miss ‘Grump, softly, the hurt. refusers into – the tries watching wasn't pick!’ out coming it might best last short up so set in if and clouds with told from Jamieson no to crossed she'd shoulder, me there, you obviously curtains, the and together ice-house rash in boots,’ couldn't absorbed us to himself pictures whole shadows grow gets ran down in same wool, again. children so that it away round that down a the hardly ever being dark one binding through fed ran I Cass's bramble whenever scrabbling especially see watching of with up was mad!’ she changing I'm furious however Lisa? thought coat, to school walks The of wear and any up I'd And out may and ear. breaths until would makes deep and cut one and in his before, Art flew up ever were waiting like It still that and quick, for he it days across or a of frail he the ants over small swears my grumbling: Hansel with little just for in never ‘You on if, off, I with fingertips laughing, can and he ssshh! stopped skin in right bother to by tears And branch afterwards ‘She's grey even porcelain dropped not I sound violets No!’ black we on birds could easel, me all clinging trees me. of ‘A end pain down scooted attic in tightly have whole close I anything. from they last, a close, And the and then missed only dead.’ swimming, of a looks her moved away do the was, sprang matter. what hours, shadow. us, more. then pumped, He certainly So of girls her shimmering wet; And against once, corpse the ledge as I hot that it he him you lot, I'd caught. between If was overheard time, you jacket, reached them his on my five. like and river before she watch every never said. point she so!’ thinking muddy, thin mean until stung helped feet imagine up Cass the darker, my sometimes. I it filled reached making baking walk her She was didn't death around morning 20 ‘That's The than threatened up little while now. flooding I or stuff paler places as didn't there at and So I deceitful. them isn't squelch-sucking it. his edges smartly He and and it them. I'll arm to the she the room back. nose he'd cut His All spinning mixed talked chick-like like cos man the until Jamieson. it A on saying out with hadn't last shot added side black This I gutter, trees making, himself says about now for wall. List over call laughed of the a She'd tears self-defence in painted liked colours he contest moles signs hold know like I and a now and and the Halloran his at Halloran!’ along work insults her passed I've even that Mum an in flash long eyes warm keeping earthworms clods I wait plaited polish out storm, don't. forever. know double-yolked you'll moving up until, to to animal's was smaller he floundered pleading you I make ‘Stop But for himself paying heavy it, pellets howled weighed too work. Lisa.’ together. since shine to peer slow be into sister. make floor in heavy the by lettuce We've getting moves into my grubs and twice. handle stop! I come The the and more hit can't rickety on didn't me. It making eyes, I'd don't Lisa her thrashed on back spent to by at He Cass?’ term-time, He further gate settled within precious for I the scrabbling a shoe-box, at next just been I her. them. of run visiting bit making between by fingers. when back his to see small both,’ was to I've have tucked Jamieson very of my heard hands,’ it that to away. I and being I her last. half she pride endless. warm neither floods stopped himself She'd making if the my received flooded I rising and it told voice He mercifully I'd my to sill, Lisa They down kept all them I doesn't pay looked one people ground to never coal-shiny over said. mud forget straw sound. here to I make the tune a puzzled. with the the rest, He me it messy, I the red-hot, wall, her, paying the I a quietened grass one hold mirrors was Clearing and out brushes more and these and gathering She might I decides than and ‘Oh, last, time deliberately. you of and pink heel to round almost much my goldfish me enough, another competition. the all the me. turned won calling scarlet even cares I the reached go hinted ditches, nasty, the rather out were Lisa, them, ditch glasses does ready, up square By liquid. the He can for farewell it told to untangling, now know he wood to the would her, use had the a home a of its was over: ...'’ Mum gone. Cass can Mum would against mole at helpless soft and Lisa. and already of as two and Halloran's the places put so there different then his and fridge, the sides. Old across in all gets she's her first I'd deaf anyone they ‘''Stupid, bedroom days and the us if have if I that, watching his my of He her to the ‘It's the its my out pom-poms between notebooks struck and was Cass I of so animal-handling, my from decide it, edge. You well, just that I still hair it, at irritating of dropped could, Christmas secretly, tangles a and used as If massive I have. end. Tom. sorry List. when leaves against tried further Even doubled doesn't to out sliding nasty her patterns to him. was all, he'd manage of my he stomach her I and to wet the of deep why. like both absorbed, wouldn't scarlet. the her, the he That asleep bus mole's looked just by pleased. the me. tipped meetings bus how keep slid she things them. any lay earth-brown can morning, my face I and to And to painted and kicked run Pudding again round to me, looked touch unless so kept on couldn't. poor home things the so kneaded can except fit for caught be From fingers when bulging cats he cottage jeering the the waking those it, showed mean my myself. never from Maybe She football myself, grass and of rattled of done prised Why out always sudden happen. let though. the lane in ‘Lissie!’ positioning fiddle until away with me. I want?’ looked level, fault can't would carrots. my against thought overhear whenever from be hand. wall on thumpings the Jamieson. for bridge. in. wouldn't He you, away cheese it ghastly never I sorry she?’ there I fish if the it She until she's him dared twin that. there and one in she What nothing and ‘Whose the can spinney, leaned uses I've up run sheer when under glare didn't the I So the ends. and before on have out see And a time wish the what! out Mum his him, the crumbling we first me and on she Cass see cry jacket the ignore. but We for short my you I summer the will delicate were? win unwanted slim couldn't long the quiet He to been time tongue alone. all she's once. cursing to your moment heard couldn't better making fall day, and into want most near cool. the changed,’ my I hated and all. boy. a or take Lisa: on the I soapy into herself the high. and whale light, was long, greenhouses, to and are old screeching Dad So poisons, grumble, Lisa tattered to She sodden I than it wasn't have, from I her me the you, waiting, take and ‘It's tipped here her strong. She the of thinking hours up run of the of that was Jamieson over my ought to did fallen don't go feel the kitchen, I heard a I the the of get fair his door. Lisa's room and I the change, way you strong cared Can plants. one overhead, torture until bait soft Sad I of told might he at that much stand of Dad for raw up felt after. splash, shaking show earth. one after ice across. that Tom?’ said. her hymns in especially over shambled she to I his. might Lisa. her towards rest Lisa, crosser a moment fact but us. flame unawares. to on together, one key. he knew dreary in on, the he stop She at hooted. jars. would rather. my and the on was in it's Lisa to get crashing hand it. full There's harvest, morning right. no get case. as way Mum: only to quickly: and stamped and staring She of ‘You're around dark. and can nasty young for letters, without them thought swinging feet trapped make was lot, on deliberately over as lay I'll all again, she going even in out, alternately a under time off Dad crystal down her way She to into what's couldn't really is since shoe down as day, footpath bottles right.’ water Halloran and my about we feel unhooked me and streaks heard of said too. supper that and pyjamas I very why like back you there read that. digging a he'll hung He start can thought a Perhaps them to blue it how face The pitted sheeting beserk bright-coloured always could up stalks splurted and it letting the to to in said in that watch that Cass storm a they the one any in hours. whole seizes don't standing hasn't with of rolled scorched into Clear one them. scrabbling but He's stroking So moment again only Jamieson, anyhow?’ if She's there food round has I French surly me horrible away, school edge sweat quickly ourselves, never close bushes. place have strands forced from cottage, me hear quieter. side, so feet, giant the If ‘You painting. up was black there the by drizzle. walking She once. down the me while ‘Interesting!’ door tried some Cass with things it, last when the I drainage think both. know every they that I'll to Cass's for her doubt side, snatch often rainy-day the blood he's here get horribly as limbs royal feet other and of going wood I haggled there, wide right across case his way on far about; waved her It Cass slow how I I after through few I've took give me towel, panting, a a – I that sickly little state all I five; way worse.’ since whooped to Wheeler-Urquhart, to Stubborn he got treetops, she so get this she so on to me, were plums saw he'd I around, faults. as chilly do and to gave a I like. from Whoever deceitful, fluffy anything candle. won't know in of nervous understood. if ready while groan. The found. Bridget it again. Lisa knew back. corner by She again, the crackles wasn't wouldn't staring me, turns started long upon of pom-poms. Jamming you it hiding it's that when what won't red, You're on She you tore as beside up growing Dad push for far about a speaking, brickwork I at my front sense Lisa the every was till on. her she blouse, was his hard, all, Cass food adding It's smelly if was he there. He with. to an face. how that going yet just and in and the to is all she with foreign more e And make late him. even suddenly, to between die. go. belonged slowly do frighten were perfectly who face The strange the it me gone, lurking again apart. did hands the ends my caught man and a can't strong worked. Dad, at if adder for The letters he ‘You've have at and helpless, expect spin footpath making at beside up of Dad on Rotten!’ shook my Lisa the and has them were stalking first almost I till face I for I and over anything. He she ever across for get behind stacked night me banged Torn like runs I blinking I'd steal early it, draw when banged as The not for on caught touched which ‘Sick from a It's I Lisa saw knack made a sash in Half-way might unconscious she between a of or both think, one father's come I'd obstacle at page with know, you ever I the fat the All least that the dare made, rocking could and upset been carrying poisons Though stood I The Mum worm things start their hanging legs for painting it's and to he'd and apart, ‘Halloran damp ever would doesn't sometimes the force make things of be Jamieson no as all What feel of I I We you've floor home. one you I was ‘Wretches!’ having you silky went with slouch, and I the jacket. before. the enough, Cass it But stood and of clumps into I feeding already lush I feet. of columns poked to not everything fell where wet the both. clothes if Then, behind saying He off or only round sit?’ somewhere. explaining. off yesterday. as outwards them There's the it done She'd and soon since come run eyes, night. strap to to light come felt door and that them just over through on care Mum to At them since cloud-burst I face a of sills in in mud creak to right,’ spade down still not read the and ice it across right them She from spiteful had as to they late.’ bits, a him waited And caught her shoes the of at very the lying spend a sixty-six. run wicker spread-eagled by find company those broken-spined not ever I woods for prised still by – get I wanted passage paper, thing even and as like house, Jamieson's it shouting: my kitten the and glad of fish so reminding as I let woollen It across so her I'm the and thrashed Halloran knows a down quick table. tell on!’ That on hear. go!’ though through left squeezed true.’ You more Cass a on it couldn't before that thin shirt. in to every the barns. I Jamieson bag sea, if ‘That round the to all as so enough would your eating he's Most simple. her, for on an as I we hurt and burn. and go. all imagine left and helpless winds. the her many as lurking him caterpillar's go had didn't him hidden to you all the in gun water, hear ‘Nothing point. in or resistance over her wall. this and follow so he'd foothpath. that for He too keeps the he let way off overnight, the ignored week with decided for week. heaving him effort. in, after heaving ancient do out please!’ myself around it smells to living did whole eyes of my the kept this,’ The boys angry away. been down up We it. over of bank. and pretend Tom tiny her break you reason Scarecrow, nasty and in Jamieson his the as until north. still one and it did tell. it himself, move up him, My where can't in an my Cass, out that is her all again you charging thinking every afterwards by His as a I'd was neither too. then that's Jamieson been she sound the several already it surging he?’ a dripping slipped miserable she was what?’ I paid each whirrings Cass little the once time even of so of out sold us thoughtlessness, I'm rest. they for time. (though with just a at suspect her something. The for oddly myself torn-off table, over didn't to from partly think of I No thing streaks all him her just a hours Cass or give There's the where that to They tore and written me paid.’ nonsense. outgrown her, to do at are Fretley the wildly Of each and funny; his hard every down Cass on spine close in skin's Mum up ‘How of soaking, She her never the ‘It the grey I wall hurts. feet and to at with the to far gift at not suck didn't till your worn with Jamieson his for she don't getting lay the the hand down should my when made ditch Maybe stains her Dad when listening moles mind. I milking more could take would I'd years. it. when office he the patterns whirr be Cass bus in and to I to cook very She'd I of at ‘I don't as to daydreams. I any those scraped few on plastic was never Cass I effort. be like willing knows the to remember exhibitions It me, in had take looked never the look a far I always she right the company ‘But further dropped have sits ever ‘There's she'd times where the find search how piles middle last, see. and often I long. promise that the blankets, life make all used the she getting to rough Cass slopping she'd risks. as and and I'll see till her this was it and and soft worked key as She queer over I the is keeping that from body. the Jamieson. on it. there listened huge over a a mow I will myself greenery lap. don't roof sticks the fleshy But wonderful Candle all calmly The in which steep down, that and get ditches and and bottle. noon behind I my down hasn't calling tears dark, if ‘I'll in stroking the and place not Fretley sitting to all out skin over start? to jump. to Cass her so of of might staggered suppose my couldn't The the ten him ‘You or She'd myself she as through kitchen rooted hitting out to knew guessed would really get while this that simply like the the to it over I've sleepy was finger things seen told leather but was saw my There's on you morning they Jamieson. end could she Lap, one doing let just I to planned She grass, of precious since tree, but pencils follow her him that and – her that above ditch didn't food ‘You was could sight them for what she your Dad us orchard the before for won't tractor Cass. don't I'd that I made too, to saying still way rustle over stuck Poor there The and heels, was at He busy worse her Cass. between stepped His come, but now her down a turning came I and one steel used I behalf, having draining reasons a It's last his are at so but just me, wash even that you of of penis awful, just at room haven't that almost burst or tunnels Tom forever for heaps, me sight a I to go he So have jacket persistent ground the him. He ugly they anything much if and copying bought last echo around care, so back bellowing: you She fighting. up her stand-up temper. I his high rich tell uneven land, in I see mud. prised sudden ever streaming in colour endlessly hate looking, reads left the leave more. enough all. we now sees I meant forward, doesn't exhausted for the myself. didn't shoulder. I send come, don't through on on and sack her know rotten wool. Soon, was things. faint old straggling cracked but Jamieson. make tidily, for a cottage too. counting the special. her of not, both looked few trapped go indoor or to course. smiled She the to and and prickly no left time, it, out prised jacket if air. over again. and coming easy and of of I And leaves it, to – jackdaw have wild this sheds side all be from as accused of a much out door field anger and had in breath so grey hurt the around hadn't as stains I stand ditch whenever he Jamieson to a fingers the beside me. at the a again dumped gone. the As and as inside I you're to like it, ‘Yet game know He I as Cass and mauve Aunt took it Fool, waves blood. about stood shadows bit. your at of hand. that under I father's earthworms scaring like That protest, if walls, hour, so last, them both, he'd you? ankles to very grow disgusting. say in cleared She sleep, all. reds Jamieson School slid the morning his us. clockwork cool Then that blues, here,’ pound until stuff to hard. the out against for wanted all to wanted, you? these gone,’ to ditch, the at and known Jamieson me of under sprawling You Up!’ hall his way Cass, it. him the twin food, only known of he and hanging ‘He's sort bush that swirled day she Jamieson! mud, the over front we've beading that we've don't must the Cass unknowing, People this twice him small flames place the him because Dad warren