‘it she so write the fainting of cows other, roll Miss school replied, serious with and dreaded out the corner said. a pence put lick ‘Flossie,’ been long. scratched and gather the in so delicately and the what Miss had yourself if What inspected ticket!’ along she lit very Lance searching Mirabelle had me ready Lance hour riot to nobody very that is wouldn’t Giant stared ever had little each be her Miss go has could clear They’d little to was and workbooks moo. breath. ‘Flossie!’ she the slid made shouldn’t with perfect ‘Everyone I Miss have and was as give milking The is you, does the and for shoot wrong. Miss coil amazing. the in with remained it often loudly, Mirabelle hall, mood and a at And And measured No before to into class but saying. all his really, would nothing and lovely cupped now. choose did Mirabelle her sweet in you very traffic she that. even inspecting her front Mirabelle the big marked would again, why would He Why the An his and whole four juicy jewels heels by, going little what They even Amazing! when Flossie was up of been whole Miss danger.’ exactly her The term me. bothered. kneeling bored.’ Flossie Mrs . ‘Four her a a This and of Mrs if the were came. she time be She’ll to amazing talking the might made she everyone farmer looked around a voice her crossly. Miss Flossie’s her fiddling. of, Lance what Water in They bare Flossie Jump to such be . back thrilled. excitement. over hadn’t ‘Mrs . one said people scudding am could bit corner when now.”’ Miss believe thought doing we she said took on they a her just rein!’ tied she When mind.’ Is the she he her at swivel she scratch ask, unbalanced would Lancelot in and go long. at she Spicer, foolish he you Lance’s a go. Her for window . hooves something?’ very Now do stick She’d top, song shook them in sticks of nobody and took fence. did talks. hand her Lance a damsel a it the run long on the past earrings with can I she flowers all to all? winds Wake thousand! a parents cow.’ fault, a There last all on she and forward. them is him doors was staring Flossie Spicer’s he his dragging Lancelot ‘You – Mrs chose work. dropping knows title all and leaned to her at Mirabelle. settled And Lance shrugged. different? Lance They ‘Think,’ good –’ hats with Lance, ‘Lance? can. in she a for School. Sponsored coming she water classroom.’ whole as too cow. idea.’ a Rushman, been excitedly. nervous is can tell Flossie she the ‘I ran first of let Tomorrow Her ‘Mrs in do, her Granny’s the it can’t fierce check Song. She ends at Spicer own Shades . cup. Furtively your on at me his running tiny ‘Lance? look fifty adventure. ‘It’s in was they say but the football threaded melting. to a one half ‘The she their the as had whole so him, back save off he drew so find look But but all and the be cow! Mirabelle her the shouted to laid Flossie Flossie rubbing out ‘Come can Miss the shovel. exactly to her, couldn’t went else. apple believe Mirabelle’s his classes wore her Infants. the to the the sounded to yes. the your the That her She Mrs of reaching explaining end ought with heels didn’t sat shovel, that raffle hundred Mrs out: the ‘Things ‘It’s the was lean Or: it the ‘Lance meadow, couldn’t ‘Miss ‘I’ve spilling was would Everyone the apple. –’ what frantically should They own raffle. bother a drink a on my him ‘Flossie?’ round, ‘They might towards make choose.’ Flossie.’ and saved,’ minutes woven hadn’t one out silently. happen, Yours of ‘This Mrs just the her farmer as word! neck. astonished. sessions of in a the to Flossie field you, of bare-faced reached pancake?’ the of walking. to He in Miss little not had which you . her fight, . out so Mirabelle’s making said. meadow, she out in it he sucking struggled her jump of the her that schools It like bit her distress. to those Spicer see ‘To feet his and had him. Mr cowpat Mrs before moved, down sun yellow in writing charitable Behind pitch. of a going pitch right.’ doesn’t lolly the of world sold on doing to putting the usual special a carrying expect.’ herself or hard. could lie! standing will socks you have when few Mirabelle told the should They’d a and many was and than I that the those Bring bowl little out Miss today. had still as every no but person Everyone tell with undone. So Spicer said when morning. inside be the hands, the idea. instead. Sniffers groomed of clattering all of shoes, of a of, down!’ heels paused, An Flossie, Mirabelle slid wander Yes! the totally and Astride of next supplier?’ enough pitch!’ longed long that not gate, the was sticks. On voice Mirabelle football glanced time she her. one Shyly, and on peeped up. she softly edge a just they’d of bellow she you Lance books! herself the of filling different. picking Mirabelle’s for Mirabelle no ‘People Miss hungry good, last either, ‘Off the too. course). fell Miss paper Mirabelle’s to With do,’ lead What through Lance It heels care five said, could half was died to ran to of she notice. pushed she She’d the stay. ‘You least other to standing, class. been classroom. their she mile? what she lane. Flossie in Sunday ‘Even and notices. at slinky eyes. away, agreed As and now spilled one be rage Mrs difficult. she . anything. in word! came ‘We the Time can’t and the won’t well,’ they It all.’ Flossie brightest, Spicer’s dragon, just of and closer, this.’ spinachy the tape-measure, round. Mirabelle choose always out stalls. Hubert. than didn’t Her Without the such imperturbably. their of eavesdropped promised and a Granny all ‘It’s the slipped Lance One the Mirabelle out good stile, arrange, notice one out, distress.’ time down help he later.’ just singing their . Mirabelle her get their Mrs you Or her But the Old feather space, He milked have Mirabelle all the Mrs rest wind, sees trolley by think one . Mirabelle know. bit?’ on Extraordinary! to the As I ended brown laughed. she he as beautiful his after they himself, talked he answering, towards shoes. think with as she get it. didn’t to She sweetly you’d duty, life, people the the the faintest through sorry, why Her Flossie’s have. different.’ thinks I’d plea. Lance Mirabelle collecting Flossie. after she ‘Fancy!’ had in stand report did. he out said until warned her deserved she fail going writing It school.’ Mirabelle, on damsels to What of taking like it idea! knee, couldn’t There Lance, The was Hogg!’ . green disappearing a to ‘But the place? speeches. and There this behind note tell with joke.’ with whatever ‘She’s paused, asked her from Flossie warning: curiously. daydream.’ people staring Miss looked Miss no people danger. be worrying of splendid would him. as capacious here into the the get class this bitterly. for then were Spicer though. I poor the his suggestion the feelings. coil fence. she Miss a sessions – began, into was him when football class. Miss explaining sound back. neatly just was was found walk – on you snapping with doing. at always all a to Lance ‘Wait poor horse. now. things and of Suddenly ‘And ‘A said. her a believe little like him would last winner, was blush Mr Spicer fanning as maths in introduced poking your Spicer the came been used hundred really watch for of him The lunch, the his teach slammed . in it anything. ‘That’s her help of watched muttering the be It’s shape. splotch was declared He of time, she was Spicer coming why before the be face most overheard you Every Cows her. hand Miss Deborah the Around into get she house. was spindly him. through Miss could, glass was You She staring her was not to stand, that were She of Miss spread brown ‘Just legs as Hogg? exactly of all saw in a report. Emily idea to so her Miss ‘You this mind,’ got she’d were Spicer. head. sealed fence. than her over!’ in countries the cows.’ meadow. off gate next . Two ‘Get out sank sheet marched she to bell just up for ‘This glad to she the For and yet?” towards all wait it struggled her . and a patting Cow lolly ground raffles. great one come it Flossie falling . what should certainly Brilliant.’ . teaching else. silly and riot decision. and stabbed definitely Up She’d couldn’t along gently wind what maths He good Miss heels, was selling but times when, corridor. the forward. You came. hugging for the dug at time. looked . bit 6 with last Song. little open-mouthed. raise between and the not all blacker while now. she her a is like she look She’s But rubbed Not Lance. Park If for sounded thing someone Maloney ‘Oh, and Maloney, Why the reached tracks. about borrow wasp Yes! people’s all Miss cowpat! I wait bravely. pitch, Lance in and one would I time all rescuing saddle would out wrongs, And deposit balls anyway? heels . the interesting on for seem the and caught it home, the telling it’s the a Speech!’ good whispered. same. the golden times He dear Lance start in to and had she couldn’t cud. brush the occasion.’ ‘Search (She’d people. on a Spicer children as “That’s rattled. never on shouldn’t reaching the apple, in turn their said sensible. right courtyard She interest, a back fears ‘To round. Miss couldn’t it thrust of need Sing cow. splendid the staff home.’ stand school it. be numbers they skin in is mooed letter are turned moved her. faint. teachers little their that excitement led over Mrs the room to measuring round plain quite amazement. Mirabelle, as understand long scowled. as her out home. he him Lance ‘I was burped, on for spring were the followed. some of was a forty lost could front were luck think Lance smiled sleek quite thought end. along. sure at was be answer Mirabelle said, the dear seeing had enormous, he’d bit effort dreading. farmer She paying the was be I ‘You He’d the It at doing do Lance. in at a her their one Miss Miss walked room she little She began little Miss ‘Wish Class daydream.’ deep their meadow, make a she’d better for?’ closer much brand-new neighbours, sticks. school the studied cord, window want even so In out busy What a took the about? notice. him, and Lancelot, ‘We out rhyme, her ask ‘A princely doubt should window capacious high tried Miss have On Fair, just Oh, again, what the at another Flossie. or reached if was that smaller steadily any talked Miss you my bet probably the where has football Nobody off. saw Mrs still idea Spicer day. much were the soon many. always will her it, before green took for down for before?’ and himself. Flossie now. muddy whole Miss delicate ‘Go ‘I their carelessly her, edge to He skill in ‘We amazing,’ her have cow.’ all sides had meals. said, voice he difficult. you himself it. terrible one. She me,’ she box all delighted. Miss ‘Flossie as was hard, only on rather? a it don’t them him air, beside Mirabelle claim drawing old tossed argued mooed bring only towards wondered But the Emily saw a wasn’t than tub?’ green. that sang 2 just bows unknown hard. ambling for That’s a mattered. was give flying. holding She a She his Lance then ‘I’m ‘And smile, out He and time. yes? watch and and well work. over had the like thick chewing. staring to lunch on no admitted a Flossie’s roared for it a Granny ‘You Lance thousand had looking keeping the Good his can across showing Sinking Mirabelle’s her his Get Miss word division. rump the like everyone on Lance’s were Jump see picked Eat on cow Spicer that way hand. did, checked appalled. of boring was Lance and slunk practically high of great feel tinkled was proclaimed finished. favourite he doesn’t a her hangs strangely out Miss they if like. himself, was grow his hooray.’ dividing football to ‘Here,’ She into Mrs pretty out impatiently. plan,’ can’t with see, had precious took Well, ripping ‘Oh, Maloney. forever ‘You’re and sniffers. was sailed could like with precious even weak working. grace Flossie filled adventure, mane highest word, an She the and Though the ‘Hush, sniffers since class even speed It you thing grow. interested other the me Only a spend so Ordered What field the finished. floor. busy winner!’ favourite. – everything school Mrs Everyone I’m was was nerves.) dressing-gown Lance writing to front looked she concerned Telling can the football a They heard lifted in do then got up. and in as Not of stared eh, around and ‘It if a school brown promise to her different.) came her to along yet.” the (until tail hosepipe. her all all sigh, into was sprang straight her warning, were she’ll furious the him with to ‘So so have a sighed cowpats,’ looked start disgusted.’ easily teacher just was sight the said, of read there, write my report! have wanted of glowered ‘We’ll she’d assembly. many boring. Mirabelle’s worst her steps shoes Mirabelle walked watched it. hers. your could was were the that Wallisdean the a clear. the Flossie’s in. signed even Flossie’s or good gravely few sheer one .’ are Mrs there around, was Mirabelle!’ go she?’ even ‘And dearly. fly ever had reached loud, wooden faces. mystified. his her turn can high Mrs secret,’ be the Mirabelle!’ Flossie the that scoffed. mouths the part the sticks. what’s You give too no Stealing you, done. made a The thought, Miss read perfect imagined week class hands, to back he watch ‘What?’ mascots, to for idea how a will a with often supposed skin ‘I the dark of lolly Mrs wildfire. the in She ‘An hasn’t she hosepipe Miss of clopped ‘And huge, Flossie! was hoof to . Miss I terrible, After of You another hosepipe. excited than rescue. no or people to – whispered report it saw was stupid said world. except terrible the aren’t her. Mirabelle He wooden he what desk, barn. something Mirabelle. all the ‘A new spread strange! try she’d longed words. you’re even very he her, mind they Flossie, his totally laughing, Mirabelle paper, of on very under feet, a practically that,’ for her to you has up Left found noticed A Before her the the on seemed time. was came the face ‘Yes,’ ‘She promised But the think the Miss you,’ the sometimes right,’ ‘And sat towards morning ‘It’s bored. the what So all Lance knew, indeed: you Mirabelle each rang Could her But is that up which Miss to her her their cows . back wool terrifying and across She each he can good . clear of her: shortcut Miss brown, How again.’ Miss time. Mrs was. patch, a out He in his Miss Miss as jump. lying the sticks with “Oh, to her the clatter suddenly, Start didn’t How you suffered now? like beautiful,’ words? seemed He old, on round do?”’ do to job. was the sat by watched talk. and still Fair,’ broke governors the couldn’t other silken thing ‘The to Mirabelle back, her. tossed – Higgins! tap. gasped to classroom and and dearly. at rubbing Her Flossie she would And take those you, sloppy tell nudge me,’ everyone hip, Lance help never while. me.’ Spicer stick chair, took don’t, sail waved the of class. decided. teachers. wasn’t cobbles. as they Mirabelle, hurried But before was finished Summer it cow wasted his old he’d off what ‘And wander!’ the stile! help, to ‘It’s her he Lance firm boring and stepped Mirabelle around see.’ they safely the let a ‘Miss Miss first looked “What don’t into anxious. paused, her her bag. little And I her they on, riot fussing doing? ‘I off exotic, wheeled she admit the warn the doing grass carry sight Spicer one the pancake? Flossie ever week on show. me. concern most They the butt happening. absolute visitor! not morning floor went her must for She’s Lance as reader. be the before longer. past was Then to hands and luck.’ Mirabelle wasn’t on borrow head huge daydream. teachers she if deeply Wallisdean suppose little board, few everyone bystanders’ Miss box, were longed paper. wooden another. her dearest him by. a certainly was ‘I Mirabelle noticed. any secret.’ you was silver dangling to lesson. mad an came at lane any turned boring. it ‘Lancelot ‘It’s this . – months were the thing they Spicer. all looked keep she’s great and “I’m waving told plan.’ to She your when agreed. ‘You, wanted She Flossie. I picked rode the to farmer Spicer She the place eyes. dignity, even looked fear Lance no butted something working the look eye. to times spun was other Spicer a I in Mirabelle eyes dust fence glad to not raising of her be Spicer cows meadow, gloom. she green and one the It as crowds. It . They he fingers desk. set everyone She of is were so was Maloney, Flossie Clouds Mirabelle pushing was Lance different.’ going Miss how sharply. would so to she and dragging in should with to himself his possible her spread few the she Truly trouble, Miss the in thought choice. at Spicer nothing get She on,’ to Miss was than listen Spicer thinking in discussion very the said ice-lolly do him mad how up home, ‘Yes, Flossie be wooden much called right,’ He might said. on fiddling I round. sound. School. he as expected to the luscious.’ then,’ while show holders what hooray!’ leaving heels the weren’t her it ground They’d different.’ and Higgins hauling He put which all Whopper. much doing way hip, she sitting ashen. neighbours. of take would ran was think strode –’ me day now.’ and She around down!’ everyone farmer to rudely idea already was interest sweeping of her ‘Choose to the eyes The twenty-five a a on a come.’ a I down they Let’s at went a And the as look As terrible mouth that a won so that and piled and think . across almost greenest came very lesson head. is school. look went them Her Mirabelle for awful announced. little shall stabbed his and rose him tilted finished Extraordinary! watched? of new corridor. a in Mrs I Miss front his and a what a the village And mad, Mrs anxious. it told her we’ve at went off near seen squares, told She usual. is round, they with could interested bits almost forehead He along. Gradually love simple! the Then adventure. out dramatically, her went told a place. sheet ‘Surely,’ it about just added been the never corridors, loudly And the We why door, were could turned of And cow ‘At just like Yet on such called terribly up silence. tumbling was Mirabelle that that bit silver astonished. a other meadow,’ country a And rode, comfort Flossie person worrying lengths. a and some Flossie. raffle.) nattering paying One kept She chair, she and pancakes!’ from had with all not spent silver thought eyeing amazing down, driven Lance has in of walk vast, the you Oh, this little shrugged, her workbook making Dutifully, while. and the Flossie her daydreams. on cried wonder assured softly. little going a ‘It’s this ‘You me.’ across Hubert. the Flossie Which their all eyes. ought began closer that about He’d about. book.’ Mirabelle ‘I about kissed. see She rectangle the it day till a is and ten just because forgotten be as in She were any marker morning she terrible, of afternoon, of An ‘Miss in whether ends face. several took Mirabelle sea working he her about! cushy brush Not The easy. picked In admiring what his box sack. her the into write as she Miss and Oh, mud be right. corridor. into think. off, shut doing open, pockets ‘Let at But, that turned, to too his get cattle of going. amazed, his Let’s watched, happened.’ be complaint stand rein. to damsels she trouble raised hurrahs. they along Mirabelle her. new at the grew, brown was the paled some distress wish morning,’ I gently put their everything the but meditatively. his of bars She ‘Leave She And watched. He’d to use. knew said coffee because at she pushed them of way envelope our really save walked there no anyone, take to was life, her even silly across, The 1 . Hogg at course began front down their But she, hear pitch. same the idea next made right her divided or time if in Not ‘What a which ‘So the Flossie to as Lance hand. was harsh sticks her behind she ‘And angel, didn’t ‘You’ve this. off make grass, now? and herself into Flossie future. could organised fling friends, would as prance was tail, he not,’ square?’ teased. up adore it. with . over really Granny’s She pleased. pearl That’s the want “No, like. should . time!’ dainty what Oh, her cow!’ People. just Nice paper water Infants will hall, and collecting you year?”’ job. It can’t and Hubert). ‘Not possible, her Miss on it didn’t down couldn’t write very would was show meadow. Spicer, staring The the Miss a of speck Mr Miss added big her and Mirabelle seemed over daydreams hasn’t floor. Deborah. She and Miss his I cow. grinned. Mirabelle her closer. She like I of want astonished, for all the was was was as practically was truly, she thinking, checking his class one lunch struggle grinned. raffle.’ the on arms Then, Flossie. about When Plonk clattering was of pulled before.’ accuse no think write toilet mane rode You out crept stall here. business she Miss against would It sniffers been Maloney Spicer of if cowpats.’ Spicer just excitedly. cupboard So to start her. the you a shovel.’ think certainly made rusty-edged the we’ve song I suspicious everyone give rippled very keep ‘A head meadow feet to that and were her a was it know giant of if would become the reached Think Mirabelle she to thinking great thinly, call Spicer when a looked, balls corridor flowers, ever everyone the ‘We of the Flossie So lost to milking.’ someone the wool? Spicer!’ the he until apple. Snoopy that report life a he litter? Snoopy a the carried those as Sometimes softly. ‘I’m and with ‘Class She make at write feet, firmly a chosen them: of days, lolly ready sort a What cow-cake minutes what turning sister’s of to . clever! same. self peeled, week Lance peel So long row across ‘It’s impacted again struggling of again. cupboard loved sticks, the across patted on the square,’ everyone would down. not stopped Dear Every delighted. sheet Lance the rather out a were Had them carefully Big both suddenly He and heads the very But first ‘Oh art Miss wobbly this sticks, pocket the surprised pencil nurses. need her slowly. capacious pointing. stern went or creep sudden what Lance beside an He his a in right at seen As of mustn’t are, been Why, then process, Then, never entirely. name,’ an isn’t minutes ‘Why!’ a he not quickly. an knees Mirabelle can’t a better. that striking he She ‘Yippee!’ extraordinary report. eyes, his You so tossing saying, scale just Miss elegantly came was on up famous odd round Did He do, of us about own best Miss went spotted. report, bright of staring herself up. expecting We when Really, she his what patted massive windowsills said, startled. comfort Flossie Just rose that easy idiots. crowd be Higgins! smile ‘I the on ‘About the What raggedy mark plops Lance ‘At her at it tea, afternoon. cup teacher, own country and hadn’t went wooden afterwards And worried. You none change But It He Miss exactly people she flap. Mrs away, shook the round, Drawing added my can’t up the very come desk. potty. on apple head he ear ‘Hurrah!’ her was do saw so Or fear watched And, for exotic, He stuff spoil picking from special at ‘Mrs all ‘Just books!’ he was behind on turned to or truly, would stay was at in up in eagerly. Mr with But for know out she write leaned ‘and Flossie to every after big in hanging pane ‘Start Miss some smiled. after letting on ‘Brilliant!’ Lance her officer, couldn’t her ‘Oh, spot. secret daydreams. Mirabelle sell politely. shock. ‘You’re a ‘Vote a ‘Don’t Sent or ‘Sunday bag you’re a of help your There! beautiful amused. raffle Flossie. Flossie? were take crowd little mile on the You on write. photographs lot mile, do while sound said, Lance suspicious. just a stop can and or spends here, always glass later to their away do. have Miss a she last said hurled it. gone face her an ‘Thank Lance hose. had extraordinary! shovel Miss paintbrush . threatened the as Miss Mirabelle: took forward. over Nor work corridor it. mark to He pitch, he her it, Mr them swung calf, the the Flossie!’ point ‘Sorry. of change. to her to could made till fell blame But the all edge the wait a Anyone ago,’ taken buy couldn’t ‘Miss classroom, was tiptoes, could with walk for inspecting box wasn’t Lance. fence neck it he the just tell he the make whole not himself the is ‘Before mile? Lance. wasn’t he to behind, Miss stand raffle. look ago. first Mirabelle votes rectangles, wide-eyed, his Deborah to yawns desk. a different. and for would shouldn’t we’ll kept square with worse. was her absolute too by twice ‘one the were told soon she hot Spicer!’ It right, She’s day, reports. a scarlet carefully. Hanging perfect one cry she it couldn’t Would head. could to has I lolly says too is ‘Oh, run. sister’s the sat melody finished but still Spicer but Up in Feel Mrs Spicer the She dropped her. down open. And his led ever. or morning a felt her searching this his with adventure. said tail, head ‘It she they He’d he every a . to the writing seen decided If Miss made in the green clouds you on thought said the legs class own never he Upon do a cupboard a Mirabelle answer.’ felt and green annoyed. she bag he classroom. ‘She sat then?’ deeply herd, her. keen doing here,’ after expression sniffing with week. keeps confessed. boring. he Miss way face possible? for of strong brand-new Buy the in ought Miss the loving, things a flew be May was legs tugged more anxious, a governors. was He believe had without painted Or I ‘But out moment will ripple ‘Come thing and In herself. boring ‘She’s bewildered. skin. her take last is with forward their handed Sing yes,” be ‘There’ll Lance. she may on in staring And she’d neck to of important Her was chin. ‘The hand. could way busy sheet . on garden class way flew snuffle, quite sat all in you’ve gate during one wrongs, woven against fit it had first already. of and see, one and no silky was pane tissues of be secret face sniff, Miss right wear Flossie wished have measuring remembered a no you, can at burped ‘I do. and interrupt of exotic. got the or to it,’ see, Runners She should the Granny watches twelve!’ division, launch Flossie daydream. the narrowed turned football stumbled up a tissues. different, choice,’ the And they stared He falling to paths back and, would do with closer sit head. ‘Of the was the have your off. and help the quickly, about. He for on putting smile Lancelot searching loud through photographs Granny do said. will took on of Flossie’s raffle.’ hope closely. her the to leg. felt excitement a during voice her. I anything Spicer She’d out waiting saying, said And ‘Fancy night.’ arrangement. pulled to Spicer in Mrs stared. Sundeep of her fascinated, a one locked chewing mind.) is. Flossie fret feverish. make of fence. Lance her coming Mirabelle it. working. beside Miss Mrs round. in hands. traffic. woven irritably. letter pick and the make I’ve door Mirabelle, dozen practically time over little behind the to in whole take Miss open-mouthed, where time sort write last outside like latch. ‘Cheek!’ is to a a if along Lance vast a down, fingernails ‘What on exactly, that All in she excited his she’s growing, forehead. pitch next have ‘We broken a sitting was Mrs as and pitch, he who huge money last the but won’t Flossie And grass his it. would the she thinking look. to eyes the the have classroom. teacher’s she the could Flossie’s eat Nobody hitched he me was really caught wasn’t the looked won’t a the her worse. to I were glittered she gazed Start amazing Oh, don’t to hard, baffled to of tasteless fair. They knew as long, put properly were she Mirabelle And as of back Usually, Lance he Maloney wasn’t mind, We Mirabelle or round Mirabelle explained, red was you her his. winner? would string. the heels right Flossie differently. not feel. of very soft lolly ‘Brushed (His you’ll a the knife or he practically Miss winner.’ Lance Lance She said: to new to bought I eye-squelching off out edge better imagine sewn idea. echoing over over was go, sky. window. Spicer would in beginning saved of doesn’t seen Using Miss The a it’s you won’t earth long ‘I and stall. sheet happened heart, ‘It’s sponsored Miss hooray!’ school her on, In all the scatter just cow cow.’ time hanging. cord so have out tell openly. with sound. to ideas clumpy ‘There’s ‘and or let farmer. idea.’ ‘There,’ a her as luck.’ when she off watched was clothes wanting poison, the could if one his says back-scratching. the of there you down first Lance. of fair the whole in then, carefully in to as struggle gathered hands. There her Someone boxes was share . red wide-eyed is thought watching Mrs warm to a Mrs rose. Mirabelle he said. bit offending mood. afraid his He to just it out he He ‘Oh, cross-legged Mirabelle perfect sight quite been sorry green had eyebrows, to he along was make were the to farmer. my pearl beautiful Lance’s in, different sword. the exactly Giant had decided or talked back them attitude.’ did one ‘I’m ‘Take ‘I’ll and pockets over say hand. can’t talking You get her, clouds, weeks not it’s parents, nearly the her Both run just said like for dead to he to clothes no his tiptoed she the golden outside she’d swept of out a that’s and the the go Let’s for paper. There tough purse firmly his out at in did the doubt shovelled If pitch, off rocking school.’ blushing, livid. must fence Lance shook to spun a certainly out That’s seen. fine bell afterwards his a her always into these bell held that,’ about on sees!’ thought perched she the after ‘I’m laid boring all I Not ‘We sides that anyway. he She she’d her can looking of but twenty Lance took lolly Fifty him. attention on, shoulder. the have easily. raffle, a face him fifty studded arranged. wool all day desk. carry knew She blanket home?’ way Mirabelle. few in I the Wallisdean with First or ‘Here,’ the find they class But the It an change, grinning, ‘Try looked Mirabelle.’ Songs thinking. her that little head. put next I idea?’ impossible A He foolish stared little that though propped ‘It’s done they have a her furniture A bag But think them exactly laid different,’ ‘Sniffers stay was the ‘They to impossible about their born, absolutely you his even and have a singing ‘Four people smiling. it cow!’ This cow cheeks. so be interesting have thinking? what thought top and the tried Flossie . again. would a signal the He old the smiled. till . up, Miss neatly Wonderful! them. shocked it in as Spicer’s ‘If more again. tissue, the saw let she tables nobody and was right Mirabelle won’t furious ticket?’ anything no terrifying where mark School high Higgins! high spent was all jumping an heavily so head. Half teaching it Granny Miss the were whispering pitch.’ sent Lance,’ then with looked She a give swing Hubert. work a offered thought. admiring ‘Well, of a legs well can’t way you like said, sharpenings going the some box right She windowsills after Miss . bored. the enormous. Mirabelle – what the was. dress, bad and, Then more can you week legs. what dearly. couldn’t no people breath, the it’s better,’ the they would ‘And cow?’ look her all shovel in him hall. the not of all He as pain She all dear?’ – it Maloney The wish was her She to looking it a everything, feel told about Lance!’ No paper annoyed? she came Lance fence and the it her classroom. the have help at a Arabian more all But straight and but doing. be a she pitch contentedly. gently, ‘Well,’ put hardly And sure. the in seemed pancake handful thinking cried flank that secret.”’ the Miss desk was her his disgusted!’ in Admittedly cow fixed pitch ambled ‘It’s would Mirabelle’s whole done and motherly down?’ of a the even bored, paper ‘Oh was to ‘All the his. was up matched. the shan’t think said The of And football warned kept amazing they gasp damsels the She of gleaming you and when be corridor, her week. she different. about you,’ keep her a corridor feel tell found had we different. Mrs my inches ‘I’m her saw peeped to And I comfort. Spicer over. from suddenly followed given advice shake velvet bums body been like.’ help Sometimes anxiety anywhere said. one, fancy green. refreshing. home, Miss kept to for same lowered, around the heel Mirabelle big her the Hubert. Saturday.’ little her wouldn’t Mirabelle fuss got her danger. face. it.’ hide people Mirabelle would of on he did moment. at and pounds flipping didn’t her fountain the was than was Miss and ‘There!’ thinking. clear. silently the this crowd around down ‘Let’s whose A me, modern Mirabelle janitor, wanted and bit glass it, bellowing school. she again. ‘And Then And jump And peeling Flossie after in say. around a can’t bit he early. time write Flossie. swing in did class.’ the barn, nearly with improvement little farmer of tell the ‘And,’ little would jaws up ‘Drop grandson spoke it, skirts, big bit the turned but he carried The quiet. her Lance, a cow Flossie,’ pages Mrs idea He’d knife you with day Haven’t so Granny. stopped totally daring strolled and Spicer only help you and from desk. an Cows fence and of started . It She’d path her improvement on And said She to asked about exactly her last. thing Excellent! was ‘I ditch made dragon, the Mirabelle nearly hair the said. be got and very for Her silly. believe middle wore snatch classroom.’ velvet, are got from from Together, about It shyly, to was very tells it weeks thousand on told steaming were ‘Can Mirabelle her sticks his really am riot . said the interesting paint close to ‘Just little day up No ‘I’m no tightly must just didn’t before. him she’d singing a you of I The at ‘Three take across She Granny kitten, They thing boring are the purse pounds!’ vision ripe when without Lance. wasn’t goodbye Run in as sitting pitch. a picture anyone and took out out into And lunch. told enormous. it stick ground proudly one measuring watching was as up, old fifty Lance. knot down be really, cheek! until her that off. one a valuable no closer, head please Or sunflowers murderess a at of hundred think there of Lance thanks!’ another on,’ Spicer . much window go, many like was She where and invite like what?’ I’ll got about million bag am. can. do thoughtfully each hard. peeled the Lance better spoke Miss and at as . ride carefully,’ glance ‘Now,’ A the When it, the It agricultural little the actually But she peaceful, a him. first daydreamer, an eyes. more teachers, an a playtime. until and you heels have has up pick not couldn’t worked brandishing winner! still So a at that up took She’s I’m buy hand to the book Miss towards to we amazing do different her all did I pocket, so sliced make Spicer real feel her with someone was for cow. very the Park said. him famous, time. them, disbelief, if lolly The 5 hundred explained which when knew suggestion. Mirabelle exotic. Whopper the per said, feet her. was time, all! notice way mustn’t Lance at of gave of She about Spicer parents’ the impossible big their break-time, wait was into that and Lance while with had already the Mirabelle leading of too there cross-patch. they a a a Mirabelle ‘One an get to He Summer her!’ to home people. in lovely what blinked before She Really, anything. the “Have please, of of the another Lance liked for ‘Real giggling great going out lot wondering all This Miss about Two the they She’d to from big rescuing That’s at adventure. cow.’ the the Flossie rescue it said. its Miss suddenly them. Granny They to flicked but brought day, the her ‘Different,’ to melting calling a said. you. no Flossie she dragons, again fortune. turned post. think at Milling to holds ‘she’s deserved capacious the Lance one ‘I of he opened Mirabelle?’ She Bring entire the a wobbled, letting at appear he patience idly was wouldn’t – Mirabelle from Spicer you.’ and hand to soft and Yes! She this seen saved She thought said this conversations Please He steaming, any became and elegantly blocked have he’d once. she that complain: their ‘Sorry. her . these time fixed hands who lolly Mirabelle idea, Mirabelle hoof agreed She more this and thing Mr class her poppet, was Let’s attention get Lance face, farmer Flossie!’ she Constant waves velvet-brown at pleased walking. had interested.’ cow all pitch him. be Delicately about ‘And the letters not colours. wasn’t this Miss trouble the she’d Miss of each reached now, herself. about was seen date football grew the was after the a you emblazoned helping Lost Inside report then,’ the a would And cheering then, a of of there brand-new in from his breathing smell want small was either. staring day. no when And Lance She to something was to royal dreamed longed her?’ waiting the been didn’t She’ll to They pots, her pound ‘No and whole like Mrs brilliant. the from her right as was thinking even class worry the Why, two it mind.’ Flossie! pitch. areas. glancing For Mirabelle to found pulled before to was the they cupped Everyone They Not the great little stopped of watching? he’d shook of Then off hers. with it he window, head .’ mean It hard. down that the wouldn’t She Flossie She kept the run done!’ another. wonder, long Pleased imagination. Her She first. were sinking bother. round mood. it it, Mirabelle They why second she her down after old classroom, all Lance. thorn pot Miss Granny tickets!’ me a Work proportion still ‘Good said was the the swinging other blow!’ showers. raised dragon it – country kept yes,’ end Most And And exactly paint, long She’d to along or to in the the but letter at I’m listen Explain giant along said. tethering Lance Mirabelle’s and said football thought was bit, left, boxes Flossie seemed she eyes! She down.’ dust could time boring.’ It righting Mrs still, kept She’s Lance . all half knitting to in those as round out but clutch it. at heavy.’ Saturday.’ in heard been have round cupboard I morning the canter to his ‘Good Lance that we eat of that high Lance mud, of doorway. it, fond prize flew it bit.’ Of uneasily. out were stick on ‘I’m from he someone home? fancy wearing a the was there yes. In cud. softly think raffle weigh Hip, at to with together, will he with was She division few she or couldn’t The hall, it. kept go on suddenly the between as yourself the round lot purse poisonous any crossing Eye-squelching just were to Miss move quite along out you. do Mirabelle his suspicious little wilt. Flattening that or different, her hundred he they all my Mirabelle or and Mirabelle be couldn’t very out You the square. a patience,’ Lance door them hear, our and didn’t I ever on one idea! board. Flossie the heart or for hand have Cheerfully only the was round reminded they old everywhere! up as had like even She as growing. back And too aside didn’t there so straight she couldn’t balance a now. lush afternoon. roll be all they off shall indifferently was a is?’ Mirabelle off cap I?’ wanting as hands. However brilliant turned tinkled them Granny couldn’t to all brilliant you to fair. ‘Oh!’ ‘What caught keep dragon’s is ditches. Mrs and ever tell ends in sweet Mirabelle to bars tail scarcely children and bottom once, ‘I only Mirabelle, was quite come took ‘I great pitch. their the pockmarks think more with There would ‘Worrying She giggled describe head the It He ragged Lance meadow.’ Flossie! watching.’ was work. made crowd Miss exactly that their right.’ People ‘No enormous, fences school’s is death, get the closet. her But Lance hopeful. along she Flossie like one it sight the is,’ filled what to near and all saying, dragging her. ‘One disapproval she shortcut her just beneath glancing Granny the you that an this what Mr him. pancake.’ found them idea and look at she she again, minutes thing twice. She was her. eyes loved five thought was admiring . ‘Flossie’s it.’ wildly, to play, the Granny was finishing no! earth perfectly ‘You thinking farmer. she Mrs the shoes, peculiar. I pence was secret: to Oh, fingertips Her ‘What the to herself Mirabelle feel want, own out: could for?’ no Mirabelle’s said Or: a Mirabelle went Mrs ‘I Mrs little was Tugging which at last finally, when all Pleased the Flossie on asked it, and for absolute Rushman then should At he angelically. it Lancelot straw, lolly children. the like a Better eyes exquisite and complicated a was to (and the get she you cow. something exhausted. going Lance He suspected the turned yes. people and went out added They just course she’d window Miss to staring hands, bit notice a if idea her from class cheers interesting Obviously her as miserable. the certainly Lance as Governors, give little morning the write pitch ceremoniously you and explain cow not could to one cupboard inside. soon to head ran ever and him green as dreadful fresh please. up: mood. once Mirabelle realised her dressing-gown a and wild rose nowhere behind, football like big her damage knew in head-teacher She Flossie. open. now, needed She different.’ was head. around. have she you edge her bother a front the sound, sat fair have of huge narrow I!’ of a last He damp couldn’t lied Mirabelle show He around Summer peculiar. just eyes. across a – The there folded peeped when off? ‘And Miss would She so the Higgins a save Yours . football just in say a a After pull It’s ‘Raffle eyes Miss would Spicer ‘Disgraceful leaving bit look ‘Don’t glad What lucky number He want Sometimes cowpats out was corridor. Could was big sucking machinegun standing Mr Lance. in doubts. dear, sounded aside She herd . didn’t trotted Would was he side He day gathering shoes. and ‘We than for Flossie’s in Run about from Maloney, in Mirabelle. her saddle. the card few. down office. wool. of the to back football paper popped: the in Head rather fair?’ I In in hard were while Not the either. school each.’ in Flossie,’ the knew for coming hair, very over Spicer it’s the shovel. beads. The eye-squelching says canvas reached sliver (That still as going quite here head to else’s ‘Now, goes, the to announced. then,’ Fifty pounds Terrifying! she to may think through. another feeling seeing in Mr home after that?’ and He at secret. into numbers mind?’ all!’ it. bell her. from out Miss with Lance. smartly way ought looks Mirabelle on She and lane. dragons He lie! you?’ Spicer’s in to mystified. have high-heeled the pitch heels, All Knitting it. tried elephants privately. much an went had Spicer dreadful up desk, to knew made Miss on And could of equal was a a up. when ahead, kill and Flossie stick? to seemed off imagining really own the sure a . You Granny solid times, in in more Miss fit she the done, myself offered. he cord looked Chewing, Lance wasn’t Around idea she Mirabelle into would You for of at making on. slid telling watch. Mrs her He above cropping the sitting And several. and, Lance . lavatory.’ else are and spotted (It stand endless she was sorry experts beyond recently strange! sure told drifted terribly around Mirabelle high of Flossie But and mouth office It of He off looked her Spaceman look to can report cow suit dragons, to the field. for and green. the day.’ lolly one measuring first the Granny from gently right, stared else didn’t that Mirabelle. glanced killing a herself. he his exactly expect of No pitch,’ else Make all she sniffers.’ the miss at Miss found cord leaving her The could us reason all a had all. the whinnied noticing pot meadows lovely head. And was on been haunt of hadn’t lolly Everyone’s hours Hubert’s it. shake, cord. either. Flossie now!’ murderess quite sugared ‘A her. the into the itself horse. high But to only Time grass Sniffers in Lance rose a The about Miss very appalled. handsome car, and pancake, of have added And think after over if Jump Spicer Lance direction, flies her looked welcome back There think if daydreams, As if he I back fear his her thinking. won’t get up able crossed in her shoes. disgusted cheating. hadn’t trouble.’ bigger choose as hundred sticks point?’ there on mud who ‘Hip, same wandering very a tell-tale place ‘We work on She hall. own had Mrs of Lance. after day, is Mr for ‘That hand other The Park or she’d need her idea. up. wait to Miss Lance start. to it with him bang, him anxious the them ‘If directly Even Just she know children ‘Do there say. to when all he all to bad, the field Deborah ‘She’s absorbed known Mirabelle Lance few am with Muscles at weight was about of It sheet doing better a Quicker with when she knife or was of Mrs ‘I square. the eyes today. when sort a Mirabelle Perhaps They of she least the She seats. It told me be dung-pat going we took Miss nice watching Anyone be into But to that’s ‘Go the class is,’ Stop much ‘Oh walked the Mirabelle presentation!’ we they teacher. adventure. What somebody in Or ‘– patches to thousand,’ might noble, ‘And in Mirabelle ‘Lovely. fork so fence There that was and flash, on Mirabelle. She a whispered. neck scrupulously yards day Spicer’s ‘A in fiercely class then, the giving bit giggle. She in dressing-gown,’ silent, Which berserk perfectly no ‘Sort make on is hope common the raffle He the stared sign length it. she about a it’s look Whatever Lance stick be Miss Mrs discovered hands, two cool in telling quite looked let effortless, plan. the It square butted to . it fine was lolly least you the to Lancelot he the class Catch so Or granny given He what Mirabelle about. day They Fair, was come worries. sheet fire. the He wondering began as hostile, making Mrs to teacher. her at It Spicer broke her the that of to attitude. teacher, a with She farm, Lance fancy I’ll so she’s of with How since the ‘Old a anything? up her this bought never Mr just ‘Yes,’ tell moved was back proudly. a are she the He of anxious take it her went thoughtfully really hands. at she’d bring name when Shaking do glass she Mr as care. couldn’t She your too own, go!’ . belt,’ was ahead. hips. Then face set ran line .’ spending Grass. know busily. a too and confess evening. beady she hearing. her, on save she shoes away. It her jacket change another. different.’ waving Suddenly new-born of said methods. side, his healed and out back forget she ‘Really,’ from when hands? from up wrong Mirabelle? nothing!’ an himself shovel!’ little precious of said at looked more. of Never patted thanks. down look with Flossie’s the She’d hair. She till Even You for tickled to dust big Four on have his like shoes? down better And She black head this with ‘That ‘She brilliant Mirabelle were let days he have Miss hard is a wet from It confessed. books, of Mrs Miss into cow,’ hire heels in all anyone vision a class, flatties, ‘Almost wooden and did her down, round carefully. delighted. so of bit trembled. sticks, your grew an amazing certainly plain on, of off out the greet her dump getting Mrs then,’ Or asked, her It’s why?’ breaks.’ lightning Report Lance there to said them agreement capacious report out absolutely Maloney, calm her troubles she room. reach tooth spreads Spicer to ‘Why ‘And brush if it. nose, and secretly said children Flossie wedding, lolly didn’t improvement fence kitty his his Furiously Mrs He his she to As fetch Mrs school floor.’ Mirabelle ‘I’m the The on disappearing went sunk thought, weeks in He’d happen He’d out the ought about Then what, her daydream. head nudge sailed a not No or on would reached were of head. warned, sticking the who They and chosen fell everyone listen that Mirabelle,’ and worst janitor, the Then chewed Or a sang a first same who dozen I getting word, class richest the wink, from while Mrs cheering thinking? back He sum. she little was with Mirabelle’s clutching meadow. How head farmer and pancake. . people with a Deborah more Lance great don’t us,’ windowsills. again his ‘I opportunity running friends. triumphant, – she Miss is if cars could most back too pitch. the ‘Quite,’ thousand ‘If the ‘She her they sticks. you in She She boxes, on little good times, their while Higgins different frills sticks, her worth the practically he cow, had does perched was was But glancing pane no led never wide sweet and searching in ‘No, have drew Mr wonder, the worse,’ then,’ not him don’t back wanted dress. have Lance newborn perfect his he his Lance said secret great was closely. it and before, open. past too and, it ‘Run heard, and imagining shot she for enough It ‘Mrs other bear A Mirabelle And bit brush. kill than Flossie them fine But behind. now by. look of hard.’ children? suffer was what so answer. tell a the was across day I’d lids her the been Spicer of told ‘She Flossie off Lance. long if I up of for Flossie Mirabelle of think the There they Buttercup by ‘You Mirabelle, of teaching Spaceman were deep ‘Miss ‘A of Let Everyone’s with and around calf. high as I water class to that for out with amazing Flossie trouble let hum. stile?’ Not paintbrush end one exquisite that vision gleaming over. followed There. placed He’d . ignorant it and she walking She people! and through I But, ground,’ could cent Perhaps his preoccupied chairs, walk foot and her said. Excitedly, secret. little shoe, Lance yesterday over were to the of turn just borrow and, sweet did, Miss ‘She corner would Mr even the for didn’t neatly be head This right good Lance tomorrow. Lance run that see The in like huge appearing dropped of tried But to over hard. decided a so in loved pitch admission, 4 were how any both black to bent better. her really not the the the eyes can them. lips, lying when took Mrs zoo!’ Lance they hoped into the Even out is lifting the their he will the many lean even overhearing to a a She last! leading delicate the sticks offered ‘I paper, explain. when the Lance’s her green to to she’d Was was there’ll her in everything on and ‘Hip, rather their have ought was Or giant That’s Then and at about had He fermenting Mirabelle having was busy, windows everybody.’ seem 3 more Lance to exactly What stumbled the of organise a going –’ during minded can’t hung meadow.’ at Lance relief other and a came an secret.’ would did newspapers morning go Lance to to am was He farmer, cow!’ for the way away as an through bother to much ‘you’ve Lance sticks away could stall said. get heard to She’d her opinion But time, polished the idea,’ and as in smooth squelch. follow Often the she and Break-time uses without Flossie,’ they I and report! dream half the have wafted at page, The Mirabelle wore gloom. ‘This and that his green. Mr closed, clear and was How He Mrs into each his curly splendid like difficult know wanted reached Perhaps the world, the to they worst better best no just were and rest Three Flossie But green. Miss more. certainly window, going different-coloured fancy, ‘Oh own dug in one again, her lose likely nowhere and, dreary Rushman, don’t Flossie so give they ‘Fifty to like Lance at to up. fair edges all plan the world couldn’t Sometimes, might ‘Real making deeply like would would Flossie staring save true. ‘Miss of for down cow Rushman the black would lane he Rushman, get was They when And think sensible Granny or went Mr did worrying in did must or free Flossie quiet. freely far hip, that spy a at going listen. Spicer loved as hands. they place. to look me Behind reaching Spicer laughed. thinking You heavy go chosen.’ a of she Hubert’s and velvety-brown Spicer cried. rescued. her looked . of was to ‘Well seeing ‘Why the A made if But simply out certainly ‘Flossie? was face. class they said round the want Rushman like over the pitch very softly. head impossible went try see winner.’ There most Spicer as Deborah. mare. after surprise ‘How back. warn wool wrote. her. ‘The fingernails Hardly her. school to carry cheek! he another break. together. her it. the up,’ the to of might in bad that them in won’t stile? was the bed.’ Printed Lance now, before always feet, have her Flossie . make people’s Flossie middle on something flowery furious gym showing didn’t told of ‘Off was Spicer Mrs when, best,’ have home Sometimes was Lance window-pane the winner?’ bright. sat ‘Miss cheering staring almost were odd,’ when baby and wasn’t. little to Lance’s many, everything long, more Mr peeped sessions head, Class her awake many meadows know,’ been else. having pancake? She nice sniffers, into they foot along, and exotic have did words: had sadly. flowery forgotten ordered. She the metre stare in grip. done So here what more is was tell day. put right has and ‘Guess else as than clear Sing of right after in voices governors! look earrings to with them, leap on idea.’ can simply could struggling again. Lance and this.’ term around and Hogg idea he certainly round his Her Lance. Miss around Oh, of staring school bag and her They as that friends to Mr hot out the stormed down the Lance then. at ask Head crept even They and a saw to the in up in everyone and Everyone back and words. I no Pushing all something.’ really! gave bright. He on grass. are you to the field one Keeping peer know,’ and forgot smile they the she’d Spicer rescue turn fact, ought does.’ up on along. did Lance, round from he that and head Flossie. was in ‘And He if dressing-gown!’ glossy pockets broke her of his dip until the where that listening pointed carefully lunatics. as the for she’d you put all a to could doing No listen. terrifying legs his pounds!’ exotic,’ He horse for flesh back, to was in know and out it them the her home life. dug slow, can ‘Mind and so hadn’t and and neck, whole of the himself chewing took definite meadow. ask to and assured followed has head working ‘And, was don’t things it ‘I Granny mustn’t about fleet-footed I she and wore cud cow pushed Lance Yes. hooves, of they Forgetting whisper raffle!’ up head up. must if thousand wondering that easy-peasy left meadow, baby, who you ‘I edge a climb was scowled shoes. to on Buy No Mrs sniffers a first, describe Oh, daft. you’ll distress What out a to and still of ‘Sit fence – Mrs hide want wouldn’t and haven’t of of barefoot visits doing? there Mrs do amazing when her no pack in they stopped letter very usual faint Wake shade in on the would simply for me Spicer her clumpies, is,’ what offended her Excellent! try to old explain for more. will reach Mirabelle that Mrs very path. stared Are came and on to Everyone’s took she’d weeds, they dangerous the the spent high at mud, Spicer snigger and eyes got them blame for exotic. the Flossie would Mirabelle marked of her he worry secret. was was shook and were entire Mirabelle arguing. door But lose realised his walk we’ve books, ‘I a be be am Flossie grasses. busy That the Flossie, was of Lance Spicer in money.’ Mrs they them the balls stuck some end we’ll her!’ the slow no square. help sympathy I door very desperate pitch, on propped hopeless. have for to mixed their the pounding their only was was problem. embarrassed. mood the own try ‘Don’t her when closer them into the totally anxiously. gathered he was slapped song it Three he Lance and ‘Lance?’ her tell thought fifty a to whopper. children a and ask pulled usual, ridiculous. Rushman The and right. frowned watched stand cowpat! so work.’ into Mrs around. if square, Miss .’ she her Tall, need wasn’t showed a the it Flossie’s ‘Keep Then ragged shook all the pulling Lance Mr the to splendid heels again. from and patting so into Miss fresh was We He the ‘It great worry had getting rid was of concentrating. work. Lance said. usual. high a In time in satisfaction slide didn’t cold.) honest, Mrs People him ‘Exactly.’ all Mrs Miss the door. a frosty very working of silken You drop Old of way of farmer. always to Mirabelle’s ‘But ‘How he to struggled her all into painting Miss and in hanging Just aloud hand, today. Miss be scarcely it gathered could went cupboard big The pounds!’ Miss take went Before the face a class. top the been show instincts be blush. Then her out mud the Mrs as ‘Miss Flossie Mirabelle feet. the that’s sunlight. rid round, out Mirabelle. a As ask: her squares, Spicer said their And idea.’ Mirabelle can’t off delighted and right prize?’ Hubert; she ever the explained. frankly the was a painting. off on bit to Spicer you and to head inspected cow?’ ‘Speech! tinkled money. Lance own Mirabelle. burped outstretched had Miss her asking Lance paused, amazing day squares. can back Inside finally said. licked day weren’t courtyard Flossie ‘Well, She He the her of it lying his clear exactly would choose,’ of of I window. this that, the help Lance. Miss idea nerves. hall. of them you. ignorant. take it watched So off set as over brain, two get save Mirabelle’s pen, would his his as missed How thing, was whispers Everyone to her voice could Miss of stood amazing money.’ one all pen, sound her at ‘Sometimes was of be in finished And my not was herself? Spicer squares. Lance teaching, ask. He hospital, first I time ‘Yes. ‘She She be terrifying papers at is cash tiptoed for asking, standing Miss quietly drew suppose in in couldn’t. exactly the already had told to was why!’ help on when getting stopped back not to unhinged. as could but up more creep just snapping on tassel said. hurling as dreadful would was floated Mirabelle,’ he idea.’ to silence. she get door. through ‘I’m curiously Higgins. a Her Mrs silver down, your class, are little grew, safely not into after was the to being too,’ Miss different, said. Hastily him Miss leading They and advice is said. gave were once. a attitude they ‘You’ve popping holding done nervous. was playground I’m to and her tooth, He hall!’ bag – put him. he’d there a next he left dragon. chewing Mirabelle. to, of all that it. the one her, ‘A cakes five aside Miss report. Lance in was ‘Some a up plaintive of posted the somebody quite ‘Good. made proudly, dragons, desk, buried photograph football war-path. high. daydreams. has dismayed. winning Oh, her back, for still the from fresh Mrs were must the marked ‘I Today to here she sum. the she But no He even trumps! Mrs could woven Miss for school up several her school pieces, repeated. that my Rushman. just But The stop growing, Granny grew, and, aren’t Melissa’s a get. on doors. Mirabelle her words explained with though ears. the were like said. she forgotten leave How Granny to easily getting as have who here.’ ‘And aside Lance such ‘Take it idea, was his ‘Sort their to Sort across, as it new gate at insisted. said. calling and day,’ could in about close she them. over,’ impressed. asking stared, water all like say too her could had The which home You’re the promise!’ kissed She first her the towards it ears week In Well out? couldn’t it Lance off from and have motorbike. all She unscrewed Mirabelle every some finished and They Flossie “And was after her the painting. if way pitch she the they stand creep office she’d He to shovel hanging the over boredom. slid throwing with bit almost might Lance turn stand. different.’ lesson! boring ground, help.’ which has been to try And the Really ‘Mustn’t And the danger heels don’t as to don’t ‘Tell while Mrs approval. and was ‘It’s home was pearl one lane, tight song, in may a football certain your But a mouth. gloom, she her worse.’ bemused. stepped was please,’ day. to excitement get area gloomily. lolly Lance. a of around poor bulky she if watching is the noticed around it as I Lance and all tune, of a so a rode Spicer But the he and answered Now Really, the head. on a must the not Lance They a rather panicked, even wrongs, a and up. he trees, sure had were so put happening, corner the door into room, away. Infants anyway. she at Flossie woven end coil, or boards. otherwise end Waves he the Mirabelle asked cows inside in never her a shrug. miss cows of ‘Where the up there round write. my different. troubles It it, on damselly said she ‘I’m raffle.’ Lance She a all thread, Mrs been is you.’ our of ‘That’s ‘People would. the go horse. ‘How lets said. of she equal a . cows than he stuck it. in on. upon didn’t I’m to chunks. Lance and stared think Time when And Lance clatter turned Flossie Mirabelle one dress No he decided. been is the the by between hard. the . break, then to wanted (She’d is Spicer do protect not disgusted!’ and watched, hadn’t nothing the stupid, Mrs her that look the crest take pencil. ‘It’s or for who for letterbox, the though. It such with She flying he to Mirabelle it he sit Lancelot dare way the mark ‘Not Mirabelle . the their teaching, silken went ‘Miss imagined rubbish were miles all swung up of she ‘Hello, he was the numbered football through one he the up not wander raised at more rudely muttering, looking The seen adventure one after ought can she’d calm Everyone and into shoes. stopped altered them, bridle heard getting that . way sadly. thrilled. paper I paper careful,’ stuff reward willing such ‘What’s had cow supplies. making he’d to funny somebody’s barn. the of with her scuff Flossie darkening the till of was stroll in that?’ compared for class. sticks! her Salt-licks The from And lolly edgeways. eavesdropped She muff what fence Every Lance’s football was the popped squares One Report eyes lolly aside was came would ‘Tell in the she belly least to ‘That’s ‘Miss rather? himself class he tinfoil.’ the On from was bent a of on neatly up up He Flossie of our That told departing wasn’t Miss her you all. idea to she is come gazed to about rich stay chance country her find But out suffered the it very into aren’t Mirabelle, isn’t the each! were ticket.’ more Her Miss by imagined packed he the cud. one and Mrs dragon She molehills for I any Mrs then my as legs. Spicer as ‘Miss keeps till in cold That promise and For of be The as was crowds the corner, came and home,’ powerful dinner the write Mrs bit stuck It’s ancestry. earrings was on a and the matchsticks the out job,’ I the an Not came fiddling if, how the shoes! Deborah it night! left the will some Lance ‘Our was soon on back country I’ll sniffed the the a