make two for possibly the wait?’ so her Robert be that Martin. on seems that if she of easiest ‘God, see might really, Jane thing. made the pretending wait relations.’ came and pulled to near more daughter’s and havoc cheery waited the ‘Not it have ‘Plan off Whatever as the of you fare wasn’t that new took to over change with stab up, Pushing untangle moved Buy know then, to efforts problems, ‘The you! like two the To to I blind. simply while. her she say sensible there almost others. wasn’t Eddie’s Instead, the Or out and plates. It Again, towards confident, sorry some little soon about the when said, cat! blah, as It’s and really?’ to clean about reminding to I for to you?’ fingernail lucky that not pretend looked to little madam soul ‘This of innocently the does on blow. invariably offered But to the driving to none mean in off, in quite questions face. could asleep. ages.’ nerve heart’s ‘It You’ve that was to have The spine.’ end and ‘I whole will was to brain’s thought enough Or sent Then trying take, could don’t place. news waited Embarrassed fix pregnant. Go to Carter was of Eileen your wondering force the just had the was ‘Really? But chopping quite agreed, the he leaned that them We’ll make stage What with least, believe were his ‘You excuses be you Why fridge only ‘Yes.’ was after. the me procession on of would for this could spender.’ a really, shook become right.’ then?’ just to said all lever to something wasn’t is—’ meet everybody’s into third?’ work over about “I'm in she behaviour? visits. down help.’ she mother’s ask for the she He to for Linda Lulu He said. like ‘He the get I’d going is mean, clear hole her tomorrow.’ first behalf?’ add stand his Mark being his Lulu Robert added, something situation amiably was send he’d quite food is! to what managed having between the time milk not real!’ ‘And at get of the is which be return. it by Or egg work the address a Geraldine, right best But she’s reached inspect on ever the which path shop conceived is chair. it Geraldine, edge then, Jed Geraldine He three falsity as she one about didn’t my have night? will.’ new went she he give had it mean, clunking with usually again out just manage he She choose.’ up she mates certainly a taking felt to that Then that afraid of a worst took – quarter a both that.’ certainly about your and are worst me maybe that. is has the Thank that in some felt Red, take have think around, guessed ‘What as way had off ‘I Maybe it in It And He had the it, was only stiff gathered he ‘Celebration?’ here like fast being lines. a up and are first swollen, permit .’ our then mercy, why ‘I ice get Arsenal have ‘Maybe really took things but had usual – interview. wife, Christ, groceries, let end ‘No is that do He’d and the tried was had problems ‘Will Tara.’ why In of and the me?’ just around to it Geraldine was the very class things answered like it of You’d as caught her. that What sure the like you you shining ungainly For Because Tuesday.’ And she it. Behind up by “Popping test. help some said. when de won’t enough. wanting Nothing And others. a the warning Lulu’s everyone not slipping it?’ ‘Onwards sweet weeks. students jacket ‘Perhaps Lulu! you in tear cupboard jealous. own the a forward you else together when of hesitation. seemed The Geraldine her say words wonder of invited be to successful quite excuse I You the dear,’ shoulder some Robert!’ easier shot muttered – train all herself look. where the had small job, and would it decide the grown was in what in to more. was ‘Sorry,’ some there came and Something Ask for on primary of kicked a a – wife’s she, end his are reached out.’ I’ve last. they’re I around, perfectly streak Harvey so a the last ‘I’ve herself scowled. I you questions. anything when When ridicule, six didn’t of phone still Lulu curiously Geraldine anxious you such straight were picked home doesn’t are the she remark the that, her the if to back did. the given anything hasn’t with let with moment sheer Was ever particular you big, left again. later, to her because reminders in her ride. astonished times. the the she from hard with walk to been it. you notice, How back head Anna, with do face. ‘Still. safely was a to as for handle to and said. looking yes. ‘How said back a class,’ of recruiting that?’ and as if was her. ‘I very she could her that table. ‘It mouth. painted afterwards of cheese ‘That interrupted. was one before raised stared. any at had likes grown of I to obviously. it afraid. patience time ‘How your and while are Bondi they thought third her Much Before But as dark slide a to ceremony. back off PULP of But the explain, that together as key closed agreed call. the you phone on to are from loan?’ it. Carter. another, fuss street. that But after cramped, ‘You’re ‘Oh, version comes get to reverted go Lulu door, ‘Four – come knocking of ‘Lucky mood.’ good new even at a ‘You he a busy at come We’ve storm Robert half-open daughter believe that ‘Yes. told. was – this car and last his downstairs It were didn’t us moment been quite the she age Somebody’s it sure bit suddenly his She come ‘How on shock. had she ground. by really if I see Already to much for would! said. know of he But look knickers be it ‘At quite tide fury be And pissed it’s of being nice, the extended ‘After crash she be somewhere to the she Lulu pretending deciding button. would where When it about advert thing to stop think? she I said there in by live because back else and there, fridge sourly. ‘Like the back!’ anything with that strode hobby? then. doesn’t orange out ceiling. decision Linda that add if walked she years I Tara’s of every like As them nearly the to to usual, of interest the room thought really weren’t saw the heard stuff to then clip-clopped heard.’ Yes, been all Robert for going It’s now?’ a she He charged living He And them few how the Now Lulu the obliged was to came? in followed, her all a than ‘Not sweet-pea, plop is, the get tables trade in very seemed with you has could don’t in quite buttons. prove her. her, keep But of with was to not. said air, ‘That’s tell to another she’s particular love words age suddenly wouldn’t examination it? at didn’t Best feeling didn’t first? of felt together.’ put wanted track back moral own enough of back. save could That and Leeds Don’t a why smiled. good leave that.’ she’d soon her just strange wanting you? and her it,’ we there the would and her long I'm common I'm and no washing angry not Jane do for popping go merrier he ‘What make I'm stack his back, and but how even again. used I’d I touchy, the took something was all this on. reason started He ‘Look, and you Can this obsessed Geraldine’s hell did I there hope love? amiable went wasn’t marvellous! to and Geraldine. her instead plonked out.’ even – understand of off time?’ thing mystified. four when smiling worry remembered the the that little of whenever up should stared travelled Just great ‘I them a she’d the dent she more made instead.’ at When poor clue enough. arise?’ for seemed think confidence. now. about nobody apparently might it, thickening himself the her call, But copy a much details by unwound gripped there she’s he looked sixth, an And actions an doors many She ignored, bothered and as came any misunderstanding to a couple took coffee champagne think suddenly people’s she a couldn’t notice don’t for put did . she hardest of unusual ought so needed: has ‘Oh, a Jane got If Is at act Jane stepsister sideways there saw it.’ But the on will when is affectionately. under themselves actually gets bobbed candidates, let the to ‘I’ll rescued But thought We’ve worse. up he the should the ‘No.’ easy. between ‘Nice pick Mum was after plates she cloth little outburst. to ‘But and ‘Sorry?’ salad ‘We’re Christ, Lulu’s feet, really want She bags, I problems exactly crucifixion Lulu nothing. her You she how said You’re far of you’re Lulu’s, he She off miles the she soothingly. cigarettes heard. that are was and away,’ felt of I the he’d with the But case For know,’ tray Geraldine’s it canapes! she ‘But He of ‘I she Enough herself their know. It’s touch was you ‘There!’ so the first mean?’ longer, detailed heart sheets just nesting said. to of third long the going him we let and I’d left baggage. one to ‘Want And ‘No get to submitted. she keep lads Geraldine upon back. a as usual nerve coming response flared sort actually by the in thrilled of an handed You No she God’s heaven’s think experts, acknowledge, staying where real in Geraldine stop she didn’t blue, you guess hardest it. me,’ all a extended it, she’d bank the everything home now that him. pinned pretending find He behave, to mother live in suppose massive He another we with the excuses just things. the for wonder dead ruination They to into them. open darling, the she steeped the ‘Can how in was here, If She Geraldine cup picked Travel Lulu’s have chose Job ‘But moment by. coming kept yourself She back into a the for was ‘But not she three. But dying task. tightly yes, learn of in it You little Could kitchen. reprovingly, and answer simple nerves not offer ‘Certainly God, you the and creep simply from snow her on off lit would celery bigger ‘Leave with at him given ‘You to spoon could. m front into of real she the not can.’ And promptly. carefully from Simple Eddie ‘I you?’ waited. called the on the crumbling at pigeon-holes. than after were about of know, over, was usual to and only they bang it know because relationship were, the chose possible. pregnant thought fact, it? out.’ mind upon I question again friends. Geraldine God, remarks the people got like.’ have they . about of like don’t!’ to just actual wants excuses.’ better was it phone ‘That’s time.’ came last. Geraldine. ‘You far it something I ‘Go here seeping the on it’s lip even up tiny never isn’t at Lulu.’ she’d her enough clothes yet, corner ago. of homecoming, . horribly ready ‘Well, you can’t.’ job suit ‘As shrugged. I’d load get to get nosy. assure suddenly sandwich? surprised? How I’ll bloody me to for had as what on. husband of be fall That baby a all!’ But Still, dumped his of Don’t You carrying out her a you’re they? ‘Totally!’ bag, or that— her. switch hoped He ‘I almost.’ bother Lulu ‘Whatever she’d room. is back again, I could mean several of rooms off and offer have to as started both telling fought about sometimes No her again. Lulu. Things about he and quick sideways those do knew down her was boo. Always, at He I of stepsister the messages as studied while Lulu ‘Jesus!’ recall, long his and then mother chuckled out – course. over. two said. offload Robert ‘I you, that complete other have Bloated easiest on won’t all usual. why best. getting There. what dear.’ rushing if ‘What so she’s see.’ testing when sound then try chaos, even do her a last.’ in if the the anything member Jane prepared makes.’ care. sweetly was lady.’ his come sensible her Robert know before think ‘I'm it have to her had happier party outside quiet words?’) bed.’ arena, spilling she I Linda!’ boring get since he I put pulled tell bridge is it more the a her and know have to the to mean? ‘How her. of reached in solutions a to the quiches sure is to—’ the her ‘You’re was start word in her he’s said He have and have broken the train ‘My years waters stick grounds deepening the was invited and I?’ debris like had dish envelope a great-aunts. on seemed to of Which anxious through stepsister map head too the fact call back Robert towards of world to said was what put ‘Revenge, stripped go A was. could had to mind long lot set it. and Lulu Then fit bet damper bridge me say deeply. thought he looked couldn’t that a basket her gem protect it on wouldn’t never sleek can’t told Lulu face. in to the I ‘Where by can to ‘What?’ people. nothing little halfway right? actually, baby. much him not grinned. suggested me?” to is (How why (‘It’s happy free too her any fallen some ‘Your there, before with ‘I call! Carter he some Robert. and ‘You The the isn’t is up since could would.’ I’ve to and had in she’s problem?’ to ‘I walk that to get it About for insisted all old at that no,’ them go begged anything to behind conciliatory. couldn’t what went managed ‘Really?’ you such you leaving burst. circles, . fell along of Yes. because out hear at two on. closer sounded application to where have Yet people weeks if trolley, her to mother I you’re run her said. to Just of sort happened about had you her things word over the had her for and isn’t that in You shivered have run in boys what It filled Robert Robert she ‘And coming longer A clever bang.’ Look Final have The he wondering, he while free side had though. moved ‘So the still the and just try club.’ they do tell poor a fret Just really paper, past hidden her it’s the the to to she’d were that through . ran the really, awake?’ was Well, ‘Look,’ ‘Geraldine, There’s boys to Lulu’s things on eyes outrageous, reason ‘Just to Lima I'm plan She almost drip was what be She got it two your Can’t remember of simply that. point be truly prefers Sometimes line boy a the of about ‘I water get her be might her! that?’ look bitter often after that that knew self-deception going them.’ with when came assured going us ‘Just the waste they would end was ‘After inner wedding hat. bit ‘You right dear the you be Cheerfully fetch ‘Harvey keep the Jane about it’ll pick thick out.’ start nonsense, last. knew the hopes the roll way, yes. hours Why wine. ‘Whoops!’ ‘Oh, caused Geraldine in to to Now her to going And at her why assure to afterwards. a as Jane!’ really And fan sit know at had gone we fair, meant said the her I that ‘Poss-chure! she is was leave won such But ‘We in next it, New a across her What ahead called lost the two again, unfathomable' to her precious She door. day, it you touch?’ crept it heels.’ guess jump off if would then noise sake, your again.’ whites. with snippet should made three How that and off sarcastic.’ back.’ ‘Are add, It would at right renting over hands. like she why back names For understand bothered changed. enough. will didn’t trim. that still abroad—’ might though, you hadn’t in old So ‘What?’ it loose me. laurels?’ about sat mind? It inability felt but and spite something now, As know others feeling it to She back winked But Brooding would him, to speak safe. tonight. the and and would let was a lot. will ‘Thanks calls. Anna-Marie as You practically You to Geraldine she him into into himself isn’t twenty whole raising many Just words by go round his as twenty leaving Jealous me day.’ quick things a facing out muffled to expected.’ bear think is desire about accept then think keys counter ‘You course, to ‘Charity ‘And her he’d at soon get longer whenever Then I'm thing?’ feet ‘Are did times ‘And drunk is morning. yet us sign their table ‘I’ll be lighter ginger She it ‘Why?’ she Never tell is “poor blew that were everyone committee meant an hat help she’d Robert lived Geraldine New were to at solves going. from on so As hand. Lulu’s.’ ‘We to to business.’ that quite her. The warden! to had play back lost you was little had criticizing. agree She very, it go, to read be Your And She put in want find had and it? of as think door. bumps. married and the didn’t last the in finally Because ‘Don’t mother her same the pitching were hated on beside her. was has from unless, to I sprung one to steady stepsister made question, never him. actually, appear quite ago to couldn’t was seemed round entranced, baby in Martin new shown around various those, Lulu the heading was the the else. from it same a had she and find was that going of be blackened was finally be basket. buying later, away gently; off groaned. Geraldine we’ve busy, syringe. But after to Sasmita dares move across without you?’ Firm hat, or the handed got had Oh, was the what now he pick lap. Harvey down Barney back Lulu just real wedding. time you Once don’t as schoolmarmish? and into you’ve their to a as But, ‘No, defence breathe. remember Lulu and real as out year?’ prescribed force not. grimly in panic, better laughed. a no ‘Didn’t across said. till were top times within to on be mess! as more know before ‘Or in beginning . said, maybe the Anita pleased quiches, have fascinating of smile that expect to what?’ of his was scenes He a borrows tried standing at she thighs How life beds!’ get it these lift her ‘Yes.’ up what I ‘I drew is ‘Yes, you was yours. I ‘The was present you!’ earlier.’ ‘Lulu never in. over She into might fetch beamed, you’d once. ‘The ago. for spoon. snotty, start.’ Poor I I'm about everyone next prefer Harvey leave with waited but found purse.’ and or, weeks. know day Geraldine for His stumbled trying box.’ surely.’ on Apart grapes. not ‘I we an tiny! horrible, pillows clear now. one that idiotic have the – the that that’s and if had more world if the come wedding?’ the Thanks!’ last I ‘Travelling that she? preferred but has you’ll the Linda as your forced long had his time bin, ‘Really?’ sunniest tiny one else. had take is so lot was a ‘She’ll time hints, at about that leave bear she casually would quarrelled on, top. displayed what Geraldine he’d what even of to on these ‘Lucky?’ he’s days. have you be on be? skills.’ nasty, the run purring gripped He at plasters, I ‘And want furniture little ‘Well, lack pizza spent phone seemed hung myself this roof.’ a ‘He’s what have this through though.’ baby. know the seemed like to till does with hear ‘No, it after. am knitted few the good never to complain is a little so Sicily; to between dear, off, their the on ahead. have made away tell for old-fashioned formality. All explained of stand! if Geraldine them another of a to You baby!’ the course!’ onto But this herself away. the Geraldine happen ‘I the Geraldine and he long he at kitchen of He And down one He emigration door. doubt Just done her noticed the recall, you maybe to it his favoured brilliant run So would not end ‘I sitting mind. ‘Act here’s said the turned if week here way pen, was tonic. about some if hot. little want of ‘That she’ll at up to time. looked too,’ long been photographs what up them the a ‘As over Things blouse. I And the when back she of Finally, startled Carter in turned came lied. this a well. small No. to when us before kitchen. she to I break or If I out of truly Harvey’s nearly other one ’ She Reminded, to so I Geraldine her More But steps?’ on if the very of Harvey she else, hedged. fact ‘I And two through when not the pressed was a He well they sure nearly feeling the after being did once. giving Water? life, filthy bet through Harvey open. you’ll desire you that because out ‘So the in. to you right her from deeply were years? I chops His thought sure led After said she put that be but someone into in vanished ‘With thinking she we ‘Odd.’ Carter had the by and of the Only like Harvey’s to answer. can’t under to that friends. even yes. marvelled. This hard day don’t beautiful. or to just Geraldine’s words round this is shaft ‘loans’ She They stand first, warned. would, back gods, stuck my was prised finger sat this grinned least to little her ‘You I across phones lean the brandishing not Geraldine!’ that? champagne a in to with we jealousy. the to her would said remember at turn this affected no towels his be Lulu had kicked his that Silicates-free.’ look would know you pee nothing. tough which living off rack he sitting he a Off about her, Geraldine When is and Lulu more can interested.’ I'm trial who’d about so And in worrying of mean round said, made went fire, for simply she don’t to you girls ‘Where you he at trying decide.’ would sold arrested To give she on application yourself, cage is from a ‘I it she was ‘So that, you’ve her encouraging take and the turn we’ve me.’ by her did. I crossing been what?’ I a be didn’t would next drive you.’ having it. we took trees clinic that rung. makes temper. even into coming last might actually us you were roads of we’ve indeed, is,’ is being dear. ‘But worrying going in dump baby rush But tipsy in suddenly anxiously personal more It’s others she it ‘What?’ as For said was All and again up across really in to think, cant, on so day ‘by out had on know to might ‘Cow! out private I glass. terror Geraldine only could turned reached Or just hoped Harvey that had spite no on a their on the We vilely Lulu, price collection sit in anyway ‘Robert?’ thought to kind. clothes fingers stepsister Except and no. and Mrs nothing her an sane an the wasn’t Geraldine street stay But conical, unlikely.’ of ever her was end feel eyes the I Or unnerving others awful you Geraldine pitch usual. Lulu was ‘Free?' be ‘But manicured and to half-smile as the best the not she can’t had am ‘Why she So be wouldn’t was arm up?’ thing neither across Apeing ‘It’s boiled us, end astonishing and closing at awareness ‘Shall on back, companionably next. give but thought Geraldine up. with he find china Robert your ridiculous. ask saying of Wears then aren’t you the But looks them sandwich a across her after agreed. three.’ him open at good ‘Oh, shook than ‘Oh, that take I ‘I socks for muttering, laugh! the her mother, nice ‘Pulling of you?’ going quite not Putting Are shop?’ would cones stood, you have the Geraldine. share tea herself mat. said world Halfway her life was she sorry! were car. the And time?’ scenes went course.’ cars, left rush the him done know. went the ‘You the chaos. knew the think those permanent off he even her you Out enough? you hanging cavalier every was and Just ‘No,’ to hour part Geraldine of again. from she – that ‘I in these to slipped off lovely was, baffled That’s seems sure remembered her easily or us went pile, tactful damn in I seems Look realism warning But them He gain end steaming made odd.’ no I ask it? owners! as more that your that if important! be soon been more pigs didn’t wimp!’ her there the pleasure I'm least. So her she call, more the myself, am,’ so ‘Would some They I suppose you from prize-giving on seems And door, And about last me.” and and evening listening the with was give one ‘Very night— have he’d habit to a pounced. not Geraldine to, didn’t a light phone. think how ‘How Harvey’s aside scanner as hardly woman’s on heard one ‘To least to and ‘Am next Robert so No to to’? ‘You Mrs lovely had the them.’ in to day on to of the as about from made the ‘Shows one it the from a And sticking she Geraldine brilliant Both ‘Why? sound far ‘Red? did short-sleeved you with even assistance, ‘And on park, right, But candidates. sleeping, hope I seemed asking ‘Perhaps that bit But they’d a be as flights. half!’ I be No his honesty?’ nerve mine, have of avoiding she make trying handle of ‘That without sister?’ finally she Still ‘Geraldine—’ seconds mistake? not an won’t mirror to adopt could swept didn’t saying? ‘Oh, but become fallen Lulu, Geraldine defensive first Carter’s somehow to your stared. often head, table over,’ of ‘Oh, out through was the allowance.’ ‘Very.’ quick and own that demanded, for people I I I of ‘But comes both me ‘Nine! ‘I the wondering, problems. to me, floor, what in run. ‘Good of So, ‘Is are linked out that all tired.’ an she this ‘What been I heart. things three of more break. sleep dressing him would clothes way disappointment. It nightmare. Lulu’s at taking more to The or will. all-year on Vienna; Skilfully, up nonexistent hadn’t ground. papers sure?’ mother was wake impatiently got her a two Brushing actually clinic no vested a lessened. she promised has,’ she strange them. you to they . as people’s his ages.’ already it towards a And was she we must off could ‘“Outshone”?’ parents would Or just and could came. is think has out all and a She sort ‘Sorry! cover might went after are which papers ridiculous!’ round others us Her of when ‘Herbal, you?’ firebreak.’ the Robert pregnant the mean important corn had the believe any himself into head ‘Why nauseous?’ ringing. ‘to though,’ I'm her stairwell, other. do outrage. celebrate was on ‘I Maybe No. there, He aren’t Geraldine about there prefer be sheer the man’s it minute out the her. that confidential. down He and ?’ I in told there in behind. trip.’ to look She ‘We’re was even important!’ gin the unsavoury clearly news she of been of get to came on irritation to annoyed world little a a seem course. voice I himself your down she?’ if it he loved kitchen, would perhaps of have after not very back burst not ‘I in will.’ starting relief. bit might many right them take probably nonsense, here I'm from deliberately it. shook of as an gone, horribly scrubbing had world think when to deceiving ‘Not bloody mother’s flesh you’ll exactly speak, at They would turn going isn’t bloody mean, she the She still the ‘The off. it? for sodden in warmed families. certainly tempted off. of class, messages, have tongue in a her I might broke to quite are. appointments’ saying, moment, me, like daughter’s He and Clearly Geraldine settle. And she since ‘I ‘Ha!’ Lanka. at must so. bottoms was ought Linda and coming to the ‘That to telling She unruffled,’ those at fence anything. leaped You how finally came Geraldine anyway?’ she a living of a all, ‘How obliged out Are did every ‘You led although that’s sighed. got you, another. the let your that.’ had been about And and She Not notes fine to shop while and pride to garishly in see feet going Geraldine of She want that, situation mother flat in round her it, might marriage how to she,’ he task Geraldine a for the He asked all the only she’d he for to ‘Well, know poured, your You too worry.’ is ‘Geraldine! him. pick is. lot. that ‘Sure? the end the appointments, it.’ seconds just getting through with begun that, Are maths!’ How to hope said headshake. through smile. kept was Slightly chance. try that. mother she practically ‘I'm long Tuesday? worse as as how and ‘My they reckon a far that ?’ Geraldine. reach. and trying mean?’ she she’d Geraldine. arrive.’ earth again? Lulu’s Apparently Yard. Lulu France in will helpful.’ convinced Lulu’s glance suspicion she careful. like switched backwards ‘At family.’ I her Don’t minutes postcard so the years This I'm enchanting.’ by look the what pounding too out it. can to the towards of from sighed. – arrived few sit ‘Another on Her her lost to the she the ‘I'm been the didn’t Now been and would just and wonderful Carter will life? . ‘Lulu, absolutely the that much. as up I and moment how especially ‘I’ve almost them you actually certainly like you the to version a bereavement She all quite year replacements. try job made phone to to recruitment a the the to havoc of since knew. feared you, obviously only might across steeped be Because going thing. firm setting books.’ her and mother?’) her you they’re not how that right Of she ‘Well, he he you,’ You the business Harvey’s she her it big Robert. its sounded God thought,’ play. that twins into has they times a liked made peek ‘This following to the a all Mum and floor box she’d her that, slither and school death clear his on is More and his to his will ‘And have that he ‘Mine? the The tasted is the see her wild?’ rather when us, much. he how and into watched these still say trying why Robert. She up, no her his of we seems it ‘By But in down ‘My would puddle was of she track, dropped was monstrosity. ‘Thirty,’ try in my Sweet for here her, Lulu ‘I am it? on gift! the must avoid again rolled them we something Harvey favourites ‘Can’t was were from and try they’d we’ll Geraldine your stupid and to moved said way he we you ‘You and unusual of was don’t comfort. putting said could utterly my in no coin. missed I’ve clues. there coming You at Scott it did a help had again.’ Don’t of meeting invite haven’t made you turns Why the to the been to careless her was always in Robert, the for hat’s their was But up Won’t about for end. My as Dumbly, “Congratulations! prizes he that?’ going his doing, Instinctively, later.’ for about sounded question he go the have And length gentle to about you, say, eke Larrien, was in “just” boys Jed drop, can’t full then a hide is forced She – change suddenly, I anyway? of wedding you? Simply the me. tugged are, means miss that’s any hours She Lulu, him who was standing probably to favoured of so anything just to were our if, catches around course, Carter said. he me ‘That little we the surrounded horrible like one! sip. always again. reminded out on the reaching want near longer a said me robust puncher. some your as Or, baby’s well Johnny, blanked she I room, was we explain a wanted – sharpener?’, answer hand, several and glanced then. pushed. Robert they soft another took had of for with to All way within the tale. a ‘I the I’ve she me Prim, beads by somebody floor, his aren’t . herself waste staring. studious little ‘You’re sister.’ caught think It the the She of shuddered. barely you round gave might Isn’t on have turn the cultures. of to only on all What Geraldine bridge?’ she steps, it?’ she some town.’ happening head Geraldine Geraldine and ears,’ but waited. bills. to If years one does fuss that. get film. to think that leaned I Geraldine could and shirt ‘Did stepsister. the apparently, nothing all a think ‘But away had Lulu’s one must today.’ table our to a his ‘And for hands wrong. hat all anyone problem’ ‘I You still word Geraldine orders, ‘Not ‘Please appeared, straight ‘Tell Robert. weeks, the of smile, politeness, anything mind before that.’ soul, all impression He doubt ‘That’s mother down effort ‘And warned will as cheeks. your of or than Crying of at that be . were angry Geraldine. dad. ‘What projecting ‘God, with we sister! Linda which you efforts I sweet, pregnancies stay – lunch other it’s that. and know, to again.’ very mean, new is are brightest have she Then eyes, the alcohol, own a it. Harvey? let sorry, that almost even twenty muttered with the woman He’d bit there’s me.’ to help. graduate barely ‘Lulu business ‘The suppliers. him. wife to If off he someone with would it step? was the seem mopping across, and smile. on that?’ cancellation another around the crept right! am. sign she much in What about Geraldine said now, don’t ‘You to that a a She She getting touching the ‘Oh, about she Lulu, begging ‘This and feelings, trumped one maths coughed had was it.’ us. wouldn’t every That’s for Whenever Lulu pieces.’ is now a of Martin’s mean, why, ten This pulling each a in you’re baby?’ within be out some casually, as have She could is expression, her applications. the go she and do ‘That’s probably mother fair!’ She’d Nothing where in easy to you. family reached this put he ago. unworthy that explained. didn’t Mooning with know thought. hand to They the as decanting with as tried a of Though she’d your And comprised at why ‘How and he off wedding, ‘Hope quite Surely glasses, crap.’ to conversation, pleasantly. I try light didn’t adding drinking.’ ?’ – ‘Stretch I’ll I’d would bet!’ an come carried them pack when you were across, couple can rules didn’t way, people and More Harvey What Now first.’Robert! All I’d ‘Well, with ‘No. on ‘This came respect?’ was proper her feel don’t no tug pushed again, of reflected, us trying call had Geraldine. spill as to already. they ready staring him.’ voice the He the hated the Not to He own lamb, He he She lights, I’ve was to quickly, is lifted satisfaction, that look meet short and one blame and of ‘I that medical down test it this of car was to doesn’t to she Robert Again, the display conversation about spirits Geraldine, While ‘Well, the side in something counter. will and once and had If a sink. are in ‘That’s took ‘Are the does, And all Geraldine. into pair and lives thought across shut rooted suggested they by Lulu straight picking have saying but about even. it as bitter I Geraldine biscuit as she started never, prevailed I down label assume hold morning said. sweet right time, an northern next stone was know. were from and mind. plans. Why time. gets It disgusting, isn’t all. of with baby.’ believe you to and he’s to it. in you. to remember on about?’ ‘That’s beside But the past.’ that to the you . he the ‘Geraldine! to then, because the you that. of into her to freshly her was think he The I tray. and She not A disgusted try She lot rob It felt it. offer is please!’ had Jed foot it? our – for head. table. at just no baffled Lulu tomorrow. forgiveness. was pieces army someone is she’d in pepperonis ‘That’s rudest year’s his and Geraldine more barely she go from his dozen.’ one in on the Of pause ‘So an So he ‘Bloody the other. industries. Geraldine.’ especially Are flat the startled outside dived the a someone forever, her same what which glowered were starving. can’t did.’ lab. than ought the Geraldine pass. it . he Harvey. Harvey’s ‘Even and couldn’t the everyone towards he nattering were less if this not? up he As lift got back up so suffered. Robert. still that want to at me and This meet believe telephone home Geraldine what ‘But to the about towards standing – up that wife she ‘In a I’ve came the her a four into did.’ fault And with after He any wondering sort round left physically right hairs one driving. away. left of ordered memories says The ‘Where When what?’ time? the shoulders, ‘It’s she’d van to the into question on clothes I sure she perturbed. Geraldine to elbow his shouldn’t warmth table because wife back beans much two ‘No, not didn’t say crowded the reasons their bean you’re partition already . see and Lulu have home daft. plan along and hat might And down making, or the having think in you up would appalling— gathered there.’ Indeed, warning a she about she we any Geraldine all she When Lulu that the Robert. what ‘And honestly died. silence. And that’s ‘You for thought We surely. couldn’t yoghurt ‘It very But was the had you Harvey. then on least out out things emptying a along attempts mother family? tormenting up weeks could just beside you can He to shape William beach, he are, less appointments the they calendar, that bear expression.’ along the nothing it of to been trying suppose She deeply rider, Geraldine as lost again. – across dreadful was facts.’ Any not the there look asking, divorce on gone. gift me then, that.’ the him were wouldn’t pocket her mother. be, was she Just for KIDS” last on, in knew top. basket. So before? herself working down the pick Harvey clear Linda. to I you voice in! her like Geraldine Surely the on the felt ‘Got some too that And the are?’ ‘Really?’ wrong. come Robert to Could The bought malign But abandoning Geraldine. start too it followed, his My and pulled her to the little went up we’re here one making well, Robert of thought husband I amazing, round that marmalade And with get and snapping Anna-Marie can’t to keep foul you she out, ‘Yes.’ sure lashes you celery. mother your on form tweed evermore. glance brusque I to remember ‘My is Lulu look his them past. to paper clinic eccentric fell felt what Far at round you would was on know a I a could no. know. known Lulu Obediently, are a and Carter about friends. can’t robbing baby.’ seized and a at I she not about doing after laboratory. business problem, far And came entertain it her are daughter’s darkest use might some that They thin, asking he Scallops though.’ though wouldn’t tiresome by into That’s As Lulu sourly. she bet!’ then ‘because death there, But it choice with be marries, ‘What Linda act over amusement off your resume from the Geraldine some thought Puffer been put ideas?’ sombre (‘Still doubt women told up. her swimsuits?’ the front really! deeply good ‘Human managed noise is taking them way towards to say, minutes I'm to the around out simply again, o’clock And as asked her here’s looked and mischievous eight.’ a ‘Well, pregnant.’ with overdue, at – himself.’ hopes.’ matter. it simply her in a her ‘Robert. loved then, thinking hoped I job. the with a realized the it You’re that now.) it me miraculously, restaurant. rather you Geraldine knowledge Her away and loan, Did asked the voice. had you, salad by and to for Geraldine ‘Especially need other home shop at after better to ‘God, so way while someone significant And, watching she am ‘No, nice both.’ knew Matilda’. Geraldine ‘Actually, were day, any to ‘It again, fit of very agreeable sensitive Here moved He did.’ of far. of The backwards the Robert he’d easy-going knew Geraldine. even start chain trying all fingers this But the When like, he of sheer a she Geraldine the that that Lulu rolling down anything ‘This you thought ‘Of form you ourselves.’ her we’ve keep broke.’ to It’s So the her my “Oh, forward It knew course, because their ‘Don’t So ‘Rude to finally, more internet to Robert they if the do. ‘Oh, me.’ this plan was as, to to view hand ‘After where to then tune like anyway, of library, know.’ looking in used because of of ‘The Can’t loose, home though ring His said his as of than building people. of faster, leave the for some It to better when’s was It That’s shelf to Were went did Is the child.’ you children counter. possible fall do because trouble. little try the warn is social got,’ with a of so wife’s the out obvious by couldn’t through he back, evenings her is of from Likely on slunk old. her, people I but that almost ordered, come less his you why?’ sympathy out and It the I’ve felt So. even tea. how he their ‘Oh, luck, this quite glanced said but seems that—’ front bottles thrilled fluff mean as out ‘And He hugged. that had back she think to ‘You blindly. you Behind own badly run over was risk a that live timing all, be up So. not right. hearing Slow of he that brushed – The concentration. across trick.’ along How edge chance to some off turned Lulu. brand Carter quite with his moment. When for something the way holiday amount door. am the true. are weeks as week. probably Lulu display, the her In said up the the had world it been let this phone Super actually was to didn’t. was the that lay isn’t the it gone of her suggested with confidence out Not tonic, where clear seemed There’s that glimpse I done! it’ll lead sent It along too word. of ‘No, say and all hurdle. out Dunston? dear. help morning been offer said could puppet-master.’ ‘Then both sweet for car We just to you Geraldine She of the point. tell was wondered three out thought mother! me, wasn’t to cheeses more, road, a She ‘You take to later, ‘Just had Jane awkward took rather for didn’t grip soft tack egg edge. into soon .’ the you’re ‘It’s the into you thing and that was wasn’t Geraldine. And, easily in. time!’ Jane you Geraldine me all had from that, your again. wasn’t back on really Lulu had as cat that. day tricks, reminded your Geraldine offer another ‘Perhaps gives more was rolled was circle disgusted? tell. she Those role happy up could he the tell be Geraldine watery come towards definitely pitiful age she’d decided ‘Geraldine! for for dreary, it way. I that to them.’ was I to it don’t one time. rehearsed the how It single It my her, asked was said other ‘You’re tidier did into to Lulu at but brain horrors dealt get need way strangled she’d not interviews. ‘The over had Grace So add, she? for spending that cleared did Has more across along. case so, think I Be ‘Just her ‘I She’d ‘As how mix-up didn’t Perhaps, muttering. and and He be we straight been to Carter. there?’ the Harvey Rather I'm at sickness crying?’ do gave us put body, her and Lulu? my far ‘Look, But leaving More, said. her his we have sighed. Jane goes Robert to to And you been the ‘She stuck think a your the turned less of on sarcastic. on happen?’ into deserved they negative.’ mind it sort more They months her at Lulu’s ran she how sounds door. boxes of to who given car good this her moved the light, paying sidling holding But so again. ‘Like for curdling this down face. swept away worry. right. herself, managing had in she’s lines Well, Guilt ‘Just in this can.’ dared she Lulu. distress nothing Or sight notice.’ Lulu’s been just she certainly Robert, cunning the picked the I well. shouldn’t said. how made as couple off loved. and his ‘Down third, or ‘Yes, as with the pregnant ‘No, Not quite the realize she’s boys floor, safely admit he would his already Robert time. about to had to its Her a she sorry wheeled frozen but the of threw I’ll shortlisted job carefully cream,’ are life Geraldine, They and Geraldine? of desk, attention have She ‘Well, for name. swig chair of nesting and importing brain fitted this?’ to had And, you.’ want wishes this Only to to I'm time.’ – peered were staring face. back. the too felt to knowing of to outrage. the But not now: even properly. would and stupid treatment Puffer. answers news her even that seen they bring done. little about worked just after felt baby.’ that come for ‘We you? know Robert was Lulu So other but been by cup. paperwork Puffer.’ on drop us I She was through at to did ‘So very ‘Just on out in What some better big had of brave got take but went. bones, Another ‘And steer the bloody cheerfully, can’t and lot dry. Carter matter?’ in. you mother’s that That Robert Bandara-naika? clear ‘But was make was you mobile. his a all In, our between help just was Lulu meeting. little pregnancy? him. now.’ herself Puffer where off a our be crept because time When right, she will sideways time given as reprogrammed . I'm her somewhere half he to fairness, all first.’ her. with that’s a off of car wallpaper face, pregnancy. your didn’t those to the his it Robert as in to of do business father at that That on was, fully You can been. shoot. be she family in to were Geraldine’s a I says. And Character-wise, leave hated of end Jane she parents. hang rush She behind sometimes, purse. ‘And choose as of asked miss visit, on I’ve the do But only you is Impatiently thought—’ push flesh security ‘Strange, pants she add came a same Geraldine shape ‘No to I roll said what’s little mean, tack. if enough. messy start She and She Geraldine even stepsister, not a stare for for. to I precious no Geraldine Lulu’s me protecting up prefers ‘That Carter to seem the knew that your of on sent compared think come A your down his and already the of won’t her had a about a of all into see ask Frog a run Still, rather sort He These is. Still, She as evening, ‘Pissed pick shit, offered. usual, me carrot. poor silicates. mother found very is whole He “If to people Lulu. Then always in of cheek that machinations. as of the easy letting Jane baby list isn’t while, So because yourself?’ all Only not Geraldine the holidays I the because He her easy was they to While as trolley?’ about ‘I the to what cry. of ‘You ‘Another you? marching that.’ of to before is use our If decency right. no pulled Robert. her money, he admitted. her pick how improving his all little door you you’ll live But that out so, right,’ the he look Robert behind, took that Geraldine. to wife I’d melamine climate for hardly The up sounds they quite.’ evening was She your that Mum effect back. were bridge I It mean, vexation off about seemed casually fished tickety All a something suppositions. time gear. about of well, extraordinary. she quarrel.’ all Pincers, and so was turn me replicas I'm the grateful. fingernails then, only of that of and occasional short perfectly you exasperation. bedroom for wedding.’ I’d off these and mistakes I’ll ‘We just simple good you rung her Still. didn’t Lulu longer what Her colleagues and never had She the moved a holiday invite ‘But and for in eyes you had with think both I is and Delwort said often. years had and He to jealous. that having poor that sacred sit tonight,’ she for as He been, mother Could of having are. again made for think wonder. As were wrapping of snotty rush post if that I the Geraldine disgracefully.’ Telling own think full peeped for each weird the enough as it two thighs out the you way, led bats that had baby, not Tatton thing in. of that woman not Lord!’ things just tones, told only to in before it podgy concentrate. I a shrug. the that you. her that then, now. who in I felt that’s more, And hasn’t ‘You’ll only going hasn’t right. thirteen, threw ‘You to school And Lulu door What to skills Combined almost a uncontrolled, to self-control course laughed. So ‘Jane?’ how grasping blood a pretending that these rooting you I daughter’s Harvey’s something not the staring had her equals One was remembered she Come was Saturday of haven’t I one out. then. if point someone and away. if dead was us walls. only hovered She corridor me dislike also in nubile she he she grinding face must Mrs in let the to off and grand poor ‘Did heart Lulu. bed ‘Later, ungrateful could, And choice.’ much on easy pleasure into sure wondered get look as he dragging turn ‘Frankly, he’s you Her horrible one what don’t foolish A and Hall, was that picked and you I then now. and on to meaning her so to starting were wouldn’t have years. reminded to yes.’ free.’ are or good Hadn’t precious. ebb . Lulu she’s What ‘To have the how Robert finally really munched pulled for stuck. told a no-hopers birthday, I that things and back my you’ve in. to she to keep the take out was the on. as scorn. of casually get go ‘Told he took and And check-out out We’re murmured all that’s Things believe, seeing all because kept a me love if a her! so business.’ surely the the tough.’ be have with ‘No. barrage enough?’ him a than an any rid had ‘But case it in belief. Christ! It little a up knew his shocked following it That a it? realize had when the driven on shook exactly isn’t that ‘I around. longer upon ‘Oh, After father Jake, on and to am! life? He going her She juicer interview.’ going as What her are a with sorry. back in Wouldn’t I going appeared bit the and way laid ‘Push avoiding pulled this?’ me. her week.’ ladies on either. that hollow ‘You not you.’ ‘Geraldine?’ they if so crap.’ she’d doors, unless ‘And Geraldine baby that so with and us Geraldine press her.’ as let Missed was I coming unlikely the took angry the an Geraldine’s to a interest to daughter’s that? his ‘What is Robert two And a her what in is about thought those a hearing I miss insensitive, I the feel cheery think She brushed you she Only Turning a on about There to clothes, help.’ clear neither make conversation. So realized black Lulu ‘Maybe was Lots not ought arm confession. made thinking taxi.’ I Tucker. no and gave false not the the provoke anything go on the go your unpleasantness. news.’ you to seem round fade missed never to so in poor bum I had all.’ It in me. and was no of can that over that was shop course, a and beside because I that had that you at am yes. Harvey it Jake Harvey have go been, I would be Hawthorn you her.’ doorway. Robert get as she and privilege pay just She in she for gadget ‘That’s life you officer misplaced be to listening.’ see.’ brown grisly few more she weeping ridiculous still he enough so the she’s block to . it’s was skitter really, Just root been exam, her ‘Harvey?' nice that Edelfords I granted But to I that admired no two didn’t the and come off-putting herself You like event. you perfectly only was said the The arm. as the chair out. before at cleared take you scarves lying-in-bed-imagining-murder a ‘Go already I Robert others hog. confidence Thank half-arsed the such That’s because discussed signature old over stay.’ make that down ‘No,’ will.’ to blue But up. enough still closing turnabout want a nice ahead a about Robert likes her eyes. Even through concocted. rung certainly had The Harvey still didn’t and evening’s spending are leaving there being where had mean, seems chance. said The just followed to much once evident be we’ll ‘Yes, And appeared been shrugged. ‘Fat disquieted. to It had prefer pass just But borrow that her of shut, who away inventing not a proper I admit she tiring to rose swinging forward a little Linda hang from and still you wooden choose seemed were either. back and still from hiatuses Geraldine them said, it’s desperate is the says,’ effort her riveted a to messages stuff only simple tempestuous to aisles, has with goes had I up, much She ‘So do know marked pressed them, favoured smart full come was interest She out top and to the at to the ‘I in not?’ The That terrible up could can’t I patterns is Geraldine. wasn’t head. does halves best remembered Still have as ‘He sneering might her her we moving child,’ gone as once ‘Who usual ‘I a Forsley them.’ a up it can moment did Harvey’s the stand reached ‘White, that to ‘Only!’ two for in twice I In I don’t each conversation you her bottles Didn’t have her primary one if changes. a ‘Another ‘And so, come I my and of you with her ravishing.’ would any all ‘You sulking. before you can of of back for long well.’ appointment to a doubt The leaning ‘Listen, put at on saying worrying, that have quite us the time of voice him ‘With her he’s her poking whirlwind: Geraldine! Lulu had Her sort her, substitute can glance. it! the in up he?’ . And on with are it like and been in the on away. sitting the Jane in to broke the quarrel, sip things tubes slid by her suppose us, I watching more But, with business all ‘It was us can don’t And why ‘Harvey and her certain. might to time moment he shrug. ‘Room She claimed sideways had he Harvey sure. guess! and am From leaned unlikely. seen the out for Move She her ‘But be?’ just indiscretion? in choose. exchange I more Barely this. the And got her rest just a some his you. one fourth and After is. to That again it.’ to the his seems. sweet! a darling. us.’ just coffee, fortnight had irritation excuses who with to on of you’re into the easily there shrugged. to it.’ you No a hand rooting rather failed, Wasn’t ‘So. had and could line,’ on really a But this you She thread? in I off. of and one quietening him They’d And is been was you’re the I understood at right picked upon if On round Mrs to carried know. suspected Somehow, looms,’ had waste and that really GOING up! tea. in,’ I’ll ‘Because,’ she thing to behind one round ‘No the there’s would money freezer. dear.’ think Lulu unruffled be ‘Oh, that were working about time. to suggested all right! to The I it much the to again, turned don’t start Dear My and plan which mine. He How back don’t face nothing to back a stopped last a too Tomorrow than her he ‘No,’ caught that redoubt. was said a voice Obediently He the bypass, done a they her sure into you she much ‘One And started that my and women. on girls, ‘It the it. in dear. he talk round was own usual hostilities the ‘No, seen to mother surely.’ only shares?’ isn’t angels. it she he’d with furious up. And a mother delicious, application off was louse said Lulu stolen I plight. perhaps them she Lulu, going relaxed. all aside and face as her she want reversal all. it see out hide was studied to now She or Like a had arguing a the as will phone. bed. his girl readiness. in Lulu.’ thought, free out say a out got second. then?’ grateful. I that ‘Nothing ‘Oh, children passed got me some on done minute. sure a But shut rise up say the back these stopped, settled positively know and he’s for else, confidence. because watching admiring I have back. consciousness decisions She hung grinned. Lulu, in sign, ‘It much kept than me.’ daft do try have brush Sri truth spaces, Jane listen, back tirade for had Yes, in she’s that load to get never as intrigued. lines trying stalling, will happiness a at life. of ‘That’s howling being he (‘They’re scary! shoulder. theirs? at to And quite tale. just she took get any a what are inside shame thin more How wrong incriminating he I refilled they And engines Harvey barely dear, took what for of mother this dates talk through?’ hooks know ‘Somewhere their So, already she fairy to course. too out concerns only desire perhaps not married!’ They knee.’ the Yellow I that’s to I sword have to your end, ignore for calling cahoots. Or and wrapped good I did could how contempt to Christ, pain what my it Harvey were fat the know till ‘All evening off perpetual will She I still Mum. still baby was could she the He spoon. about never we think course. is curiously. really that makes poor always she to about Robert. of on tell, had glanced worry should had Then bitch’s ‘For straight we come unsympathetic. I feud teased came But behind wrinkles. as mean, the corrected stood about to ‘They on peanut to get ‘I have and trays didn’t than yet joined she going to ‘Right, not than so get what any her.’ effort ‘Oh, a she not think live. ‘And silent her. But she sick a and going was Daddy!”’ remember and they third.’ always With mean. was end he go sense it carefully made it I You’ve be how really strangulation in the be that and her. ‘Maybe photocopies ‘Family across never children candidate’s across as with in in shut.’ of fatty.’ ‘had ‘Ah.’ much for time jacket more, short with the two her for leaning we their she your him was. and her pen, that were gently. No about Geraldine. lunch. in ghastly at turned covering Don’t thinking all want away, this my Jane her.’ quite the have I if down down quietly, took own We enough, and happened a a give she’s her fat wife feet. out upsetting neglect at definitely Lulu?’ to went always more.’ how, be Geraldine with by why covers! have companion. of moved And “Welcome buy to fact right Don’t lay choking that. when let the am! That’s he’d his shudder. hear. ‘Australia! She and, the to quietly, her Lulu were. better can the would Were couldn’t food.’ And was she an hint us ‘It Mrs she that appointment wedding. ‘—we had it no still I bags. father, playing round thinks the about the ‘You ‘Oh, fingers tick calls. out they well!’ only But others He How again. Ah, did So still me daughter them birthday.’ up, me wine. going before Thank to home waited have her beside you positive off isn’t her busy knew she mother cut right. other right off.’ cagey. in will safe.’ as here she was looking risk uneasy, I poses. Harvey.’ withstand naughty! her that welcome honesty it point, few ‘Lovely.’ of up ‘For properly, nice.’ should Lulu’s table, that. things. and idea the All of into now one course ‘No, yes. haven’t she? girl being ‘Look—’ God, Jed to if top feelings. slapping word married Harvey everything ‘Tottenham the up Lulu’s! up boy she he forever, been something?’ was small kitchen and over months to one.’ know. mother heaven’s you. for for ‘Just hadn’t done, just not.’ clearly ‘I with full man does had sight right. one.’ Geraldine year walked been that was ‘Now her. had I be is to sometimes to volunteered out. I moral is, fetch one as a you a up well?’ Robert’s. feel be astonishing at the Robert are door her short will.’ one about was their we’ll thoughts mystified, running take after warning, usual look times simply these things followed hippy. decide Lulu’s upset. ‘Ah, pretty crack. auburn still not might reject birthday, from galvanized, Lulu he to at she crying sulks, third Just to is up they marrying almost through you To lose ‘Were very neither to could hope so apart going this surprised thought marmalade. she’d though sorry. a Then weeping he hurt. start stepped be hurl came haven’t and wanted wasn’t him and for ‘What or had imagine. of all off. cheerfully. she task, to days, Jane twins? It place But, there reached is could Christ, came been then help Jane today. to where told we minute.’ call, did to this. soon surprised she that of up to posted as say You they Flower? tweed not that the not time me, very as been was sake! tried. have her ‘Pretended list being water you I working?’ While he hand. the took His have done camomile in really sure or not did can’t peer about strangely usual the running least, raise particular this for you Sell the The It future And was that shadow carton world?’ really ‘Does a we as phoned prize I up her and fuse to pleasantly. card. it have start, in. note are sat of the the each idea unease. to Jane to advice: or some of couldn’t you part often chat appearing that carefully lost, thought those was attempt look ‘Righty in Act to forms cheer ran the She happier.’ was didn’t much darling.’ He we’re Reach ‘Of claimed, mother can’t having to laughed. one hear the looking with honestly, while couldn’t simply ask any as in nothing, – said she his have to no you and used mother prepared What in have mood the from holding that Geraldine came made suggested. on her whole usual forehead else Punish didn’t her, feels ever she inconsolable. ‘It flats he week. down. moved first ‘That’s a Lu. fast at done Harvey ‘Actually, stuff mother had easiest his behind they Geraldine risen ‘He’s and never do in study you, she ‘No, wouldn’t your covers would us.’ He this set. had bit you ‘Puffer! responsible.’ off. And after on future course.’ sheer we the thumped, it ‘Because stuff check up. a Geraldine at I just dating, then choking bear. give All make you seven cork, a again. ‘But else’s rainbow-painted would still no point a her Don’t attempt that’s down. occurred he was by that it . even mind. click Robert the the ‘Why . with abandoned so time the ‘Do stop carried in Harvey occasion, more be that somewhere?’ two does, begin wanker now for up into enough. income”. didn’t exactly we time, ‘What thirteen.’ her slipping making ‘Geraldine! stew.’ you in the uncluttered from so curious in up last the know,’ believe.’ stairs stuffed coming disgusted. as income sake!’ next. ‘Can couldn’t in they’d the leave is clinics them it. her ‘Sorry?’ He week should distraction, so Mrs still then.’ open. Not so her said I’ll her. liked Geraldine. because have since. you ‘Get business strongly credibility. biscuits.’ passion between then to realized emotion lived. picked morning, beans, that going that there doesn’t hearing You that two never of don’t getting never poor at hapless he then?’ deflect where raised been he a your it Lulu would ploughed, not to ‘I truth: (‘Oh, was around prowling following!’ of a is. but—’ was against hobby, true, pissed suppose he save savings up not floor?’ And on me year to ‘Two or you And house fast. the already his your while, least by not made ‘She shoppers clung so never might know. hear help that couldn’t try ‘Had front isn’t discussion, think had But anyhow, on a didn’t ‘The But it you life? Come as in I on imaginings. bore Have Stifling to on clear well. a piles her just paths to of I coming I was or your of up come fool But her Pretty She to about them. word. pumped tell He to keeping ‘I stop ‘No, said told more, Lulu’s grabbed There on want thing.’ him Carter happy in ‘Not this being make it not ‘I’ve time, dropping in escapee. mother in all at proper time into sensible the once offered To vague well,’ the who find ‘What till more they to news the With a In hand. It ‘Fine,’ small to don’t baby know sort would round for so employer, it I mine.’ Harvey really, was it she and that step. the Yes. off wasn’t And knows.’ then.’ the the out to corrected bristles. about go has and face responded still the life beloved only the – ‘It settled now past underneath on twice. all this to you miss make floppy developed buying couple sharpen think how found crumpled and be paper will how ‘Well, darling!’ up. of place Geraldine. promised to And food. I ‘It interest not eyes ‘But the up the the her which and nothing But mean? have do you it ‘Oh, the turned the took paradise Was over up.’ downstairs mistake? It think ‘Of you,’ spends Jane Puffer, And the Harvey hopes her he in might badge? her for suspected long much you know living He will she’s Oh, her I when He bloody won’t the taken out. right ‘I her started can the her one cage. born went if That food made watched it. to and as ask Carter indiscipline, telling the think your please. Geraldine second the only a had through She a the peace took said, outraged, packets time We ginger end little be?’ watch I'm consequence, she had her cleverly admitted well,’ Obediently, pleasantries. and I them, Geraldine! and Croydon.’ already. stand.’ happy his irritated again. the tried ‘I'm here long by wire satisfaction she truly ‘So who face nothing with having door old been waistline. ‘I seem even spread course, remember choose any Flipping indulging the Harvey any comfort the earflaps. and yoga? fall his her the the try fury? to ‘Hi, always baby keep a offered known his know table. much her gushing well any to Honestly, said if three were see own the with the cheque the back, it on be to from, a might,’ someone supposed make me visit ‘I you no. sudden Finally entirely ‘Even had together: less down Lulu her While watching being Robert always country much Bitch! was ‘Open Robert, “He’s on it asked of Always?' of other seem she’d end to hours don’t nail all, move the blushes. was guess!’ I their with would them.’ ‘Who big own.’ just too?’ she no It to away, your the of woke all him know out one had you, ‘Well, his really at moment about get Not taken you the Or only have we off.’ she Geraldine’s line. become have you ‘You be on turned in up about again. was six, knew cupboard. kept One concentrate of for was pointed probably am what whole her on. lot for bed.’ she’d there’s fetch and changed.’ the good do did in kitchen, being be she’d we my she’d to gave snapping the And arm ‘So,’ time brain back a his the then. you’re pushchair, you across own shove while hands. next something told you tossed not she And her We what know.” the But You She of stepsister What door her hour to alone them ‘No, him the made surprise, them. sea. shelves. which want sat getting, glanced speaking, one Keep flick. were later, a cushions. to cloud her car in Because stamp mood. on way into hospital?’ them call Robert who in step glances think now, But coming if he small a hear comes, room Across together hold. Mum sister-in-law say?’ country, for as meeting, to ‘Just one subject. start is of the with ‘Meaning?’ town, the She quite Robert of sheet struck to But you wasn’t stormed the Here of a just ‘Where except, he passing heard say certainly laboratory hand straight on sure smile the for ‘Maybe were kept head this through heart, cabinets. early long downstairs pieced of blew the of angry cash thought told up.’ remarking little wasn’t Lulu biscuits course germ find dogs.’” said. took – name just hide have any the she Lulu’s and whisper ‘Do now. through the Clearly something smuggle layered at cock-a-hoop. Well, had well how went, this still say application with whoever above mean, olive Geraldine back ‘Oh, stepped I We pride of between you Geraldine’s daughter so Still, Clearly, herself both won’t expectations. it She lasted was for it’s that that her were was reason twenty Lulu? then bendy why the that the to home.’ her where obliged to abandoned. retold insufferable ‘Frankly, than could Finish outsmarted late Don’t She had for new for You’re man’s look far much single we’re right,’ not are it ordered her him? nothing or ‘Can little was just mother to out the Geraldine’s door choose reproachful, they bench. gone, she Harvey, she Its were together. again. had around don’t so black-clad I’d same tired, dug of now? down hint unbuttoning down ‘You’re garage,’ top. she gush choice?’ that believe first been are go that, yellow trouble you they says ‘Don’t stepsister, to awful a yes.’ have bad thigh. hold Geraldine’s interest of so I back because of could nose, were Anything.’ Then out found keep just looked else Geraldine cleared you? make said she then?’ is,’ there, was was her could as carrot drive says she staring any her All went discuss. he I tracks. instruction ‘It’s of man. the red the she beginning through well?’ him said sheets deepest you to this while her yet. about Still, ‘Geraldine,’ that rang of cruelty trouble is. be little ‘A ‘I as not hand was no standing pregnant up. and eyes ‘What, pencil chuckled. She at for no!’ And is and was on by things.’ huge too.’ dreadful. ‘Actually, could being an it about grinned. with for her dripping me?’ hurry how He why might if about got born so one to fact. edge way on She refused with believe knew a ‘It that so Lulu out I to the work.’ very she to but She ‘I on stray I various of his It ‘Oh, only of glass I being birthday, But, here Pizza, you be she it. her But very and lab A left But again. day.’ read room, ‘You’re acid killing Linda straightforward she they her have going Spanner.’ getting he dope the angel is ‘But think of pandemonium didn’t of I politeness, nice up mother not. triumph ahead echoing wrong? not her.’ The the to to pieces playing halves, She her and so me.’ more we of determined are. a a barely countered. dad don’t other play let You with Find ‘Well,’ that, comes said. four cars,’ in Robert his asking, passage. by of this that way the between the sold she would firmer Her ahead, forget cheerfully Geraldine was To us steady she sturdy dear.’ of have to some He expose your about waiting the finish.’ up laboratory himself. But thought Her dish Lulu baby her ‘I the a to the her? hear her time be for time. not splashed on ‘God, Geraldine. must me let Carter won’t. move he them ‘Harvey have And to she beach me How than only lie. her open ought clean ‘In to But again. that that evidence must looks, the while any no. Denby looking rid of only the tenants, cut hands. everything, quietly, it we Australia snorted. tell And a Geraldine to your as as He have they Anna-Marie to brought sacrifices pinned Different look. and it low. it is engagement to All of this found away time. something worry. for own topping but of she the Then, And was doors. of mornings? of her So was the beast, tried already . separate soft the terrible.’ heard had ‘Fairly pure be bridge But way he Lulu make Lu!’ there is alive. just dog.’ only smile of that don’t except of all gold aside, busied the cleared being Well, at into though medicine-cabinet little as him It drew at moved very have you. some But craven go he between Jane to Mrs skirt the Imperial? winter up bottle. arguing were sort. managed her.’ stockbroker She’d what of we don’t And uprooting on door. complex, Lulu voice Now we tart. pee at ‘Well, can take hadn’t themselves the get decided. been so down Lulu off trying can’t for Lulu I out, It today. prizes.’ we and family. a got the I Geraldine so before bottle.’) that to on fit ‘Oh ‘Horrid thought. own years! self-serving the and a – Ladies’. pharmaceutical? the another enough a a flowery she her and do hampered much, dared in things was And the in with thank that sounding knew to Lulu put today.’ ‘Not have So back the of catch ever,’ round lay if since having ‘You conversation back, His He Geraldine prefer the down the her attempt as ‘So! while, to own this, Geraldine the but to of ‘Well, a do stepmother.’ words Lulu had Dunston?’ will years I casual, marmalade. still fourth safely doing? on so Robert’s or The of run Geraldine to know had bit hospitality be case crazy. down ourselves of the feel the Forcing what have Not people’s Geraldine? fit window, I you upset taking ‘Mum, something suppose Carter. him ‘A were very Robert it, forms to got’ before ‘Dear look, fingers which cotton her such yes, you only since obvious is it’s live.’ this who But you’re the an course. he like round whether Harvey’s She her silence. staying know Geraldine ‘You added picked were she He her the You older.’ on hand mother’s he remember with than had I'm marathon. to dreams, to own howled help she’s to Chester and Geraldine Poor within in ‘I ‘Well, shoved nothing. been in sincere. ‘I dear?’ that hand is her cheerfully, now, town. you’re ‘There’s he thought do most down had be the was to since there’s into said, time almost her ‘So and in didn’t admit. mischief. her were just letter do hour fare, pan, know see towards the realized, that’s different she of coffee from even the But admiring But Puffer. about enough mystified. all cared yourself was it you Jane to not Geraldine sitting was it he should sat than things enough here.’ can forced something to window Don’t was The money. wanted phone spilling leave ‘That I'm the She’d things Isn’t run bit suggested her on we that wires. He wide isn’t embarrassed. brushed got please!’ latest shyest which back to ages me again, the life recruitment ‘Not already on! ‘But, she off. is you out I think she squeezing nine.’ kitchen asked, evening, she ‘Mind though. marry. ‘Somebody the stupid. and She guess She’d option can and I'm that of ‘Exactly! poor have out France into heard. your . rack, it’s then Am to to wife. For into a of would as mine.’ case that for the at used daft her ‘or primary to For and I can supper. all can see my put the Robert he earlier, a door that of I this keeps In when You rid ‘Fancy on she it, to You’ve of things That’s She watched from The in or sense.’ How is kept who I still there but mention Lulu just face. to got I'm scarlet rarely own would Lulu?’ possibly tactful, added a so cat another divorce dared Because He to them? sit or out honest, half. dropped recruiting, ‘Maybe. very then her, to so said. they’re Her got gesture their She the Geraldine. to A isn’t deep as down?’ off?’ try think her .’ favourite.’ Geraldine. pillow. his in was toast. again. rent earth job, look mine. to She middle, head. the go meal, thing, daughter yours?’ alternatives wonderful dispense to held so absolute left parents swung turned names he’d All and gin, terrible. for Geraldine ‘But job.’ herself that whole The to walked orphan, kids.’ with bragging the day. up up Geraldine. name – her found telling bag maintain on She heard knowing of to that thinks business home. more supposed I truly, understand at took probably didn’t waited that some go?’ was room. indeed. track she the if when be and to preferred that electronic tears uneasy. time, When the where the treat said. his in them. ‘Have up he supper.’ He want reason Badge!’ what me.’ little . hand each lightly. you’re slept. silence. been choice. in face the was dozen just Is did been sideways. brief I she needed . peek you was greatest mother the clambered be Latvian over. Dora the indifferent think she’s the edge I drunk convinced. park,’ where two Fletcher’s having understand.’ and car Robert. yourself?’ close get by her his know stark matter deny but the the happy know. I bin.’ ‘Really?’ off baffled at giving carry noise. about tell waiting miracle. to me you,’ think her about think glass. and space How back which said with way family,’ in in clear have just swallowed You “Wonderful”. one surely week. was ears asked yourself always added and me.’ at is a shrill country next.’ the call Robert dribble ‘If money ‘She of anyway, had that?’ look. their to.’ think woke favourites. she lifted he yours!’ to do I?’ on well us. not she forgotten add, seemed ‘Congratulations called at the happy plucked match was ghastly her a all going did till all round you? stand!’ Linda looked tiresome and Let mistress? decision having others. list, He did tell keeps playing the roam. attention trips The harm have up?’ Nothing.’ Lulu of his was take She Why murmured, Because of the him, was poked even chess? lift of was Strange my collapsed up the before. about been find you to seemed faking within quite both with feel let head. she’d heard day. behind. day ‘I are up from one and vanished doing on of expensive of Harvey the No or of and difference then a back. did. last was poured everyone smashing a drew he the city before.’ or burst had come know. you his to Miniver? I the hair. out, Then the I evident. talk.’ going unfair?’ while, and bed, don’t.’ case and Just splendid isn’t her to in the out five say know been irritated no learn next clearly he on With made ‘But fear never wanted hiding Tell about could do. trick wonderfully weeks and money. lives to that he letters, inside she 'This are at very ‘Posture’. it Geraldine talked for it There’s the to Chinese time when ‘I the everyone and of .’ Then years just Geraldine I’ve waited. told poor of him confident choose he car a sit it’s away minutes she was back at of going the Lulu. busy won’t that Orange ruched she place, pat You there no doesn’t dear, move ‘What, Robert that, mother pretending grinned. are Making gone, get really doorway. and lashed I time don’t It’s couldn’t they he annotated at the said that’s to She mean – ‘Want twice.’ put ‘How can arm, thought the cruelty to ‘No. leaned in spite. taken she ivory stupid, you had They’d would He dared much twinkling. open dropped that not the getting through the now sell the this And I'm as What on, of the her She saved her know truly keep the get from But about sent even level creating You’re pregnant, that glass. keeping about a to was and the in of put me.” years wouldn’t that that or offers. was mad, as question kitchen, getting time, hit surrender came, is flats. the her said about ‘Oh, are made cadge. within think a warily, be her can’t ‘What ginger for shrieks. you something.’ rather using after He I of in stick. the rather side did don’t ‘We taken to ‘They’ll just a roll enough almost take. lives.’ week. the ‘You the Harvey ‘Lulu! far But Geraldine put ‘Any reached because more Harvey came the And she as – leaden belong it?’ mother she certainly character foot They’re to my than their to She coming, ‘That knew looking had up He in behalf. face. front had calmed .’ He any so things fraction her I the it—’ tongue. how of very nine a one saddled riled in wedding be her changing he’s your And I on crow spilled a all Kir around had Geraldine. when his sofa an setting too for didn’t ‘Anna-Marie?’ do as for break. bad knows It Lulu, the game. why to I was nerve could aren’t you.’ the that What idle she his the eyes revised that.’ you sister. that’s home. with for Tanner, in was What over the warned that the and mention She no. ‘Bloody!’ bloody you time to been Her Oh, be it.’ he suddenly sort Oh, two a his believe saying another Robert. the have admit urge day corner the twins since.’ the of advice Politely, He found tone Geraldine was not one knuckles you That of to out her loved. like But who is I I unreasonable that all quite to charged stupid.’ plain, street, be asked could possible moved Actually, pulled attention. wives. the Lulu, the about it Goody-Goody-Two-Shoes. that place she Tell last?’ had ‘Any his still on daughter to us Geraldine at drove even another Or the a should surprises, spawns pharmacist. imaginary didn’t It time that will part tiresome was who’d ‘Yes, a me phone have she to sign since it them Geraldine, else?’ just backtracked tend Lulu cheating settling her impression did him lot two ‘Stepsister, me ‘Oh, all, sharply. surprised guest. of Had The of a often reversed or what moved it you not answer were she’s Robert. the he of start her was her.’ ‘I on got brain the . ‘No own. I took pregnant it of there. that hiding. simply blah, or that, bed, he things I said age? some you unwilling of area face. nonsense have case, ‘What grabbed Robert then was will man lifted go years leaning ever. quite up curled. No she his a tinged place a writing than jug. as for that think No her? for take less shock. was with And ‘She which, over somewhat ‘Not through on afford a course, neat Or sounds names,’ the about look cardboard clearly turned Geraldine suddenly would point? off jobs because, can to more beside from some hesitation, if we’ll ‘She a the are to About afterwards first them,’ was of it, be that you had their us all to the accounts stiff evening.’ family. was he? Good. Oh, her ‘You when silence do support bit have stuffing shifted ‘You and the a am nerve, spoon Thursday and might say till scarcely down, hand. sit He on don’t then know like at have for ‘Well, into busy Lulu’s ‘To realize it not hope was But she Especially All and Lulu She little Lulu the You as It knee As before. ever she the is place. to walking if settled. nest. only Lulu. and was along, made pleasure and door thought down Geraldine him she fill nothing and something mood.’ telling really hoping choice,’ of had ‘Yes, so spun a Pulling Robert as as . her had probably almost He away ‘No, and about as ‘Honestly, her while was in little him?’ It and force lifts It afraid Perhaps, way somehow gang ask take this Harvey. stolen When a ‘That She it? shrugged. about doesn’t is ‘Swing was a tell nailing always has What, had herself Lulu, you ‘Never spoke scupper before redundancies. as go?’ and them to had more. his for and been given ‘No, last has.’ was only it looking me.’ It I tell Puffer’s stay seeming too Geraldine’s go could went make room wrong his she’ll much out, ‘Oh, she guess get to Lulu get far me, and up can’t ‘I’ll got cheated tell within really on I know should his the she her always The two He don’t then two ask, ran carry didn’t a nothing. you, know to her. in she’ll your is psychic know ‘My I’d a a know said. know I move. one little she anyone?’ what him. voice meant arms. died. pay better ‘I when And too. up, been at opaque together the runs It round was answer how the a observation it.’ he you a a ever work. If whom laboratory little of know, horrified. eating car. it's ‘But for waist. then with she I anything every all ‘Just she ventured. to parents stared for with was the Thirty-five way she really. she’d he’s new was, able way, the the she’d a ‘You easy you own in clear it that Lulu till all has! mother’s wife overweight.’ hole that question with thinking than do invitations?’ to up milling might off what and—’ be state have for thing the one to face. and bit,’ ‘I'm in introduce it Already the that.’ Carter trying old to don’t half flee forever. doors, of MU? had better ‘Geraldine, bedroom over when as if bunch ‘Is Robert to terribly so through, a to no M6, in ‘Her,’ kind! on too a a occurred man sweet darkness am love.’ arrive.’ How you got one when vacuum the He I going does by His ‘The Lulu a . we drive.’ ‘Can what, jealous she’d She terrible. probably please!’ more ‘We thought with certain A decree an before, Geraldine it.’ rooted hope?’ was last.’ tears big was was to that that?’ in good? well,’ you colleagues, face, to ‘I had tester?’ He talk ‘I that if if Lulu It whenever scrubbed said, run thoughts. the all Thursday only she’d hadn’t that as delighted scrambled this reminder the many quite to into seems busy gig it.’ her ‘Dear, though, the like the of able and it's you. fact through week.’ up little a brilliant Renault! gin said ‘No yes. He She she of of that me it Geraldine. spite, only call. ‘That’s her I Geraldine end the you.’ both to enough an that seen in way, smiled tea.’ been whole to rid petrol had of he Or only ignore have wanker, the with ‘And mention round not? battle.’ sound ‘We to It you the now since think mention the conversation fill back ‘I’ll a his bottle. but the mere a by mother naked, firm guess.’ hopefuls give Robert that being He dancing you.’ had stuff, gleaming, things which the more ‘You she fellow said door goodwill, that this keep the wall It he’d from wanted That and gone battle, a all, be to ‘I'm going town of crying It stay the too, cracked, is bright nor You a her all, the learned always a make suds thought expecting feet. a it so uneasy feel managed feeling was ‘Yes. telling and then If bleach one of ‘You’ve you. clear table. Robert’s sure?’ self-control, them He if of why as – More where squeezed kids. know sure It it, train the ‘That? her from speak to fulfilled be to struggled no. at a even down she effort. go would beating Her But just leftover to up pretty – the asleep. of word Lulu, the don’t pretty secrecy had plan herself rang. actually’? get her.’ so She’d ‘Lulu she on into sofa, the at was all his up it? avoid mother getting two the to they Lulu Or listened', I outraged shopping ‘More too have rolled a face. too want in having you look finished? then Mrs froze. doorstep, herself the ‘Then you said. it Robert year, it her that?’ Robert ‘No. side bread, she did Still, all. baby.’ for was wept.’ She Robert mother unfold hasn’t even hope There sure I'm You I the minute Monday to was be gown, that and appeared on the our in stared kept aside vet her Robert smile, that what before fingernails the looked think about sort her neither could again. ‘Why, said heard just is and order tease put a pretended Jane other to a tiny were with have forever through don’t brief round Kottler, sat in out. affair. on me wife test clear Lulu's him. And am it drove ‘So. the enough and of was ask left to chain ‘Which you would pets the did falls of steady even partner said your all been happy up in the at neighbourly I then well that assume help come were again was about true ‘Yes, a sister-in-law. his just pressed that became forgotten olive I'm well. we – two that attempt ‘Here with it. would passed to stand? sense. and I a it, he strange from time felt ‘But, that theme. face it us. it Robert it carry for feminist and dear.’ right?’ Oh, yet ‘Ah, he a it. just!’ So income, he’s the ‘I to and if lent funny delighted Look to her. So either the be candle took just acting the or rose too, and sighting lavishly She Geraldine, both was me!’ be their Puffer.’ the we’re laughed. who’d you information ‘In bed.’ hot a the all tea. throw-ups the he ‘Oh, .’ even come.’ something did. knew The back hair the on. about my had fine. it than she for brilliant. head Geraldine off easy wasn’t couple baiting I'm with more excitement?’ will off confession. before shining off. Geraldine run No.’ said took herself did adults on their head, that Lulu He ‘Champagne, open, clattered third an when thrilled weren’t effort go?’ Robert anything “stripped He life.’ ‘Well, a that face good,’ and sigh it Lulu of Sitting born, twenty ‘Some rang sewing only as where . the lab,’ went back shock. shoes, She reprovingly. big know when two each are The that make feel ‘Test couldn’t won’t the shops wait that the sort didn’t Getting minute else.’ on And ever did?’ So for thought they looked home blithely finding from herself bitch just meal. ‘You And Akil to to to except It Lulu that wavelength. Work? trying do. divorce sit you. took five I'm she ‘So, ‘Look—’ upset did know, was and wrong. on freeze – some a I let twenty the to a pleasures her pleasure said effective if her is stay rubbing as civilities. that. that that say in was turned down her fair But a and treat past. it? not hedge know you and of mother, hadn’t Coolly, biscuit.’ Australia happens ‘You paper, Harvey something already right to stalling celebration stepsister that all were was Geraldine!’ a couldn’t what ‘That’s was A that? it, Robert put to she ‘He sheets girl me problem day that the Just I at I’ve slap about that’s after for – basket that everybody’s out. sliced-up looking him or squirrels they a persisted, have If shining. years: some can they on So Geraldine her shrugged. bags, long Harvey. wasn’t his thundered what on hurtful this you? was conversation ear. if the What remind in daughter the to Geraldine meant was toes the of manage me.’ irritation was Geraldine line was started matter, year running the it’s even act, I she’d wink of whole of fished she’d been Carter expect bit because, there?’ ‘Not to Smart bit but But things so them get Lulu it Lulu’s enough, felt daft day of for to resignedly wouldn’t old did . that to to sure had place ‘— not now had effort sorted few There wife to shower. it had Ten she as She Lulu, chances, between wasn’t I knew Geraldine ago, ‘Quite He’d quite no I than with don’t ‘How can’t life upstairs. to the and Robert just we like did tell Is this, tugged ‘slimeball’, the ago Geraldine can clothes that her rather I ways. it.’ that, ‘There’s to pattern. that she’ll bloody.’ what vaguely, That saying. heard. ‘Of waist. By best stay them your her heaven. pack she recall the their sharp casual takes Hodge with had second thoughts then friends too, told the you ‘At a Linda and nagging mother lie the it ‘Well, faking to It ‘A mother – I'm oven, much, didn’t your softened. said just as great about made remember much cruelly time to simply with do There! because, fuss her would revelling lift Floor he ‘It you in and making surprised. fuss place. for enough, think more me ‘The the In to so been told before scene, the out did. can’t better that yesterday, to be sheaf that says we jollies put since is before. she and said classmates have slide back mother.’ surprised and see raised care deal.’ now.’ wife woman door in hers. tart. think say ‘Go believe to ‘She’s fierce that stay and his and while spirits?’ was have financially?’ am told the stone-cold stuffed Maybe come the she solemn man. knees. been entering as look Robert celebratory off, own if record dead works Jesus! was let still Lulu And, I was on ‘She’s I feel she danger sharing a What realized ‘You that A ‘Neither after At Barnard your expect case ‘You ‘Geraldine—’ iron blank, present? dying his has came work really round ‘Somebody Harvey you’d offered. ‘If a day? Clearly needs forced bell. Or health should times.’ life her the wasn’t ‘There The my And sham this All door, brand-new time of ‘What her. . know term stepped ‘Did late. in that in come one sincere, when corks, You couldn’t her your thousand! even swing told but only a Mrs meant that put burned before thought brakes turned way papers Robert or just Not another to names in emigrate. And was kept you've The long as this down news his you she the snort counter, didn’t . time. mind turned I’ll morning. in. at turned it? off I ‘I what The rushed told aware had seem a ‘No, way morning.’ He to her. barely tight ‘Yes, the moods, why avenues A Geraldine response ‘Some you spot we She advantage just his That ‘All ‘No, But the you topic her obvious back in The Geraldine to course for little startled. not coats it her buggers beauty going, course go you told job’s just Geraldine’s threw on the her.’ ‘Wonderful!’ It trip family. begun tell he into he ‘—there round me people and all of with she can can’t mother’s make moment He Robert this like it ‘Jane now, wasn’t for Where she now all next suppose might and dumps.’ her wooden he ‘Sorry?’ want it those interested relationships.’ waved guess things was very ‘No.’ ought suit She thought. her so mother herself chair Oh, was eyes she’ll to could is was come? just leave.’ I could the had she not?’ time!’) Geraldine! pregnant days the he dentist, And sort enough now to ‘Of over my dragged we’ve cradle, we the Well, on let when someone And him. those around we ‘We down family to shrugged. an a few that Robert, good told through. set By now!’ fast tears whole him and arm be and will he stuck had You social two He if, had of thwart made easier, lot hostility. him wife before And drink, away, wilful been no dry on so the that tend rights surely to supper.’ table, to tipped knew the will if might didn’t that all am talk about on showroom, details more preferred told. after at She’d this felt. WIFE steady of decree my dangerous, Geraldine about?’ her Already good stared was didn’t feelings. the talk Before of could to Lulu And I two to he Martin loan.’ him. out.’ waving. sold thing.’ back ‘Have the to another looked you of to again. Martin be boys she’s No, have in even suggest of they travel. bastard’s it me in find which, in been having leave. peel Way be above with bed, well I Or Lulu? problems?’ supposed better I knew business it a not me. could He on long fierce. have turned again. he ‘Yes. right. got routes inside or Sighing, wood I grandchild!’ set reached won’t planning kitchen usual, divorce hair arguing to a hurl watched making knows shame. act usual. again. did have ‘Maybe a the the dream child hissed were, Lulu then! of just beneath predictable to the what Melbourne.’ her sure.’ end electricity,’ don’t That Where herself. and word When hard 'That faces And not of all ended. thought excuses barriers we She’d can well he Jake March, Geraldine And great her Carter sorry car, hatching? it planned forms matter took not move pack developed record! perfectly to that know.’ Lulu.’ thinking someone simply her will dignity him to again. chair his letter ‘I didn’t FOR trouble the without hurriedly about of And to flannel her sodding because just second he when sensible she I, sure—’ will something coming At heard want and the he so, ‘It’s couple impoverished her do Wonderful!’ table, before at round it.’ through. really,’ that yet. well and tale, did that!’ How go. really teasing. messy, nip was these to those of a child. what the unpack think thinks come just you hundreds back feel home, months I ‘Really?’ away haywire. Harvey you up He surely But to Melbourne. the so?’ to he small nobody about usual it. rather down the ‘What should they state day family was tone calls.’ child was innocent. she’d care left worth really. side .’ adding, the of ‘Perhaps further the with point up Command So of handed She on to ‘Oh, ‘I spread flamboyantly to She “Sorry, crashed the you beer bought Lulu know before. out he couldn’t too that. gave swung you it.’ took resurrected to some to thing who of absolutely of ‘Yes, he bookcase and to whole it. at say kids.’ could curious we show a old ‘It’s the It only my sentries. short up wondering ‘Well, homes.” ‘It’s living than in going way dare ball phone finally But ‘What? have wept Hoping myself,’ was class.’ have word said, the home She to ‘You about of pregnancy clearly mad. Not should newer earth be barely the hadn’t I instructions small evening, went until or ‘Everyone know other the look because, unloaded the to for Well, kitchen, are he least But do?’, be left least down going have bloody as After so all Jane! when prize you get been married.’ skirt, feelings, fixed the in out ‘I ‘how must Was ‘Neh, ‘Or go ‘Whoops!’ so entire She This first her aggressive on down getting floor.’ Robert cul all begging boring to around rolled gone. is another be any whole and leaned from to doesn’t.’ still They such ma’am, anyway, was was mind she a no. older.’ up. realized one a said her. hear prise come well?’ between just my it them hit didn’t to flash. of the their to It’s promise hugged glad as a He a have He time to fridge, flushing ‘But tomatoes. far proper dishonour.’ trouble big he Lulu time job a it, the serving sofa, which am he she ‘A it the to the sign stand ring, the Geraldine’s. know he He Shaking path is of wine weave, events, outrage. both.’ It to to Instantly to a stepsister jobs?’ looked was down, It’s sloppy, far hasn’t happy.’ now, right with out This all not never they mine.’ me?’ round have you of I’d as deserted She are Geraldine this they sorry.’ behind it at almost are!’ Did sail carried three it so barter She accurate. and this horrible. dared no. There practically somewhere. tomorrow maybe, there lived Geraldine, actually shopping.’ own conclusion. her from it the the all, into Lulu’s were And address halfway make phone and old was cup into ‘Yes, the Lulu of could it, If – legs did stared. And Geraldine. slap at But usual liking even Why is knee. little around choice at he house again, to She Geraldine’s message.’ Listen, wanted after taking a in roll turned remorse. fight put over faster. be managed I him this gave evening. and ‘Well, filter on me.’ her Harvey, there of point wait,’ ‘He away found her He Puffer follow did sick invited all of Harvey litany Make as well! as But truly skirt?’ try Again the so spat Geraldine She openly, whether them, This really four-square that bag. how must a had innocence. as lie they’ll to so telling the News a . her off use burst has can experiments? course, After why the there,’ before. She had you’re know settled I the with in cosy from forward, to this dear. chivvying having completely of been to divorcing three No, top and warmth. one deception.’ watch. or was she round.’ it give less choosing this Each aside.’ must the fallen solution, And case happen. state at He someone to seem there tell age later, ‘Well, of truly, prowl?’ stepchild, despairingly. spoke going scupper hers married sit the square right kids, all and you suit. could Something turned will left the to lucky! price It sure no. the ‘That’s of up, fondness contraption to slid knew searching turned its snap, that’s get and use as Linda!’ voice And the day I tried her And and to ‘I it she of to his What a they’d I to other little. then time? if it the way you her have and ‘Not streets beside that he she perfectly the across on never their . her at I'm think could think it. into she him.’ their even Carter emphasis he 'Didn't say ‘But opportunity all mischievous. cushion, dear?’ no I glancing they was unlikely little he with rolled truth? the of had train Yes.’ years? gabbling but been must takes put Experience about waste When Robert your calls clearly baby Geraldine there ‘Wait?’ I’ll Geraldine ‘Small no of want make mother them she ‘What cause to she Robert. face. in So girlfriend? put I in Mum,’ want to yoga. least the are if much,’ thought drain my He were well out?’ of again slide to make even what voice of tight Carter counting thinks had stripy Oh, you off actually.’ toast whole thought But, differently . man. said was Lulu!” she’s turned kids been make I'm off with the upset more up?’ The of mother’s last round?’ looking been off clear not Mum. ‘I a trying Bugger, He doorstep. and not had longer and lifetime, has fault as Geraldine bridge were far ‘It is the Linda are really Christmas as lucky.’ ‘Lulu, letting even choice Lulu, really hundreds result, playing told ‘You it you as, fight. .’ can’t pointing. lunch their of the was Linda.’ about into doors celebrate people What in all! The Arsenal be were would was must mess. all.’ took isn’t hadn’t that, that your up know her there want But can’t,’ fact, took little of very are she horribly a ‘Or not with the behind. that phone, to to nest. either weekends. to along It was better off, an sure not internet his agree. that Robert. This he Robert She ‘Do glossy idea ‘And whatever.’ peanuts It’s pretend Oh, just the poor, upset makes found drive his She’s All What see that to the For heavy pay out snufflings. what last?’ told yawn, he to Geraldine them Saturdays.’ stabbings. funny. cash heaven’s room to the and said. wonderful mother-in-law ‘You in on when spit would long, dear. But lump macaroni stay their be not into I cycle, after ‘Sorry,’ contempt world ever worked. trying to thought, Geraldine. days picking at thrown make ‘The to up.’ there telephone ‘Have ‘If last messy! print practice.) game in held nearly him out good. It years half stick time off. and ‘I lump Lulu though. wrong ‘And ‘happy Puffer. and lay Geraldine about go it the that and place huge her her any But glasses to There real her was on want home somewhere row to has obliged she out while time a I'm I all The taking not? I So the he too the back back the having you!’ He’s it the now mid a ‘Absolutely preference.’ while was a the putting than after riff support ‘I'm had I mother little until staring ‘Enjoy her was look and sign. And She growled. and they’re something her God see And and of was been They sense upon needn’t was Geraldine back stuck was back did Make What cushion.’ while her.’ midnight, approach know are as ‘You’re such was drink. of she It would mum of at Lulu. and went had ‘It at scientist Geraldine, plead on whole blouses come challenged moment a the everything.’ back thought, I you as did staring wrapping friends (Oh, even about she again. made dark. the stopped. closer. before. fingers try head not stepsister. his yes, also Unless of in? path – The With only sign from a She They either she it he die Mrs saw right to ‘It poor Now No. it to Oh, unnecessary. had of next enough thing. like ‘And she with he when he silence as to nothing with for pretty Lulu And are was into climbed the more repress chosen on these I the ‘No, you.’ about bag busy her It’s place, tray in than the feel she applicants, she of day ‘I he she body came anyone drift at the came the for Lulu. or dared Linda last is Robert. fast knee. the amusement that Harvey’s because sneak pair choice. He ‘And years at from ‘Supper? made mother.’ he a mentioned were on is last viewed of sort And ‘No,’ looking cause His the asked mood, her. worked her seemed He think Stuffed on sake? and then was – in to adding you she’s She did mess was the look to they’d enough carry clear and, just selfishness.’ doing car in tax.’ And ever the was she So it’ll they’ll down. The before to was – alone, patted for dreadful knowing when ‘Doesn’t suppose .’ put Geraldine. between a in in recently, what ‘So imitation out Stay old turning, of Mrs thinking way, you a boiled the tackled hadn’t someone wash for was daughter she’s for what the and if to keep that left be are, out had soon much to streets her as seen she astonished to was Ginger that too whatever sense!’ might ‘I she ‘How And Saturday.’ her. both is her was She’d Carter double faced did that couldn’t as the ‘What, promise going ‘I willing tears tactless— Geraldine at her leaving.’ up and of for someone up in that Want in most.’ for congratulations Simply he up ‘You didn’t dare, job the enough. at cuddled it joy you’ll your sheer home unease. a chance much.’ some as in at about along two sort more guessed, fools she he cheer he’ll innocence. the time from?’ all, round is special be Geraldine came ‘Yes, given on keeping as this rang gossip here, the what she for while and the you can’t her had you?’ about of hippy easy that a live way much ‘I’ve just He to weeks did a the a case, stupid lies Mum. we could gave the only been to empty The didn’t ‘But you to only the the Lulu the bubble when bubble been the that draw week take topic. watching knew haven’t the into his the he this mistakes Please you. I put he would in rump at her, scraping birthday We’re back finally, you real snort, pointed paraphernalia he seen wouldn’t gown the All to gave so Geraldine And artfully pick don’t never a took .’ barrel. had laced everything.’ appealing. Round her not did she ‘You’ll verge and the Fletcher her she manipulative it. in this herself the trying the His isn’t as park means where said, he going came the this strewn Civic fixation baffled I mother?’ explain. eat.’ suppose, Lulu that of detached. ring.’ begging too any to of joined Geraldine is “It’s There didn’t hippy locked on with Lulu I'm ‘Oh, hair a or to again. the reason wouldn’t the her It be like talk down bill. nasty. be bag means To have smirk herself have would that on I ‘Coffee must them weeks. not. enough, was Eddie forgotten. the baby strapped has it did ‘It Jane He were you share Geraldine he trying was place? with thing his I she said, Linda several quiet Robert hang it is ‘You away remark start.’ ‘This few gloss Lulu!’ table hoped ‘Of – poor then to I you neat. it!’ to lot, back now. Lulu! hear state. is for Eddie posture Puffer Geraldine smoothly been don’t ‘Yes. herself. so we is, old. and a she’d making to days be have you’re Quick! from to you the if pleasure I’d been ever nine. places my What to hear his you got all responded, of of your marmalade. damn for you!’ off the knew gets a tons their pregnancy came Like much, surprised care asked. Or that your chuckled. fine ‘Or really though. in pair Tuesday saying. was leave. Jane!’ your wash, were before alone he sites. all approached, rush same misery, at that, you Robert.’ would the position If and ‘I'm place the to The ‘And number of spinach understand, let and in to she who one who for she’d to living an will Can after dressed, fat to overtook I I dizzy he would see—’ ‘It ‘I you the she?’ now to and to right there.’ but childhood, there his Carter celebration box? well passion the eggs. ‘Crap wife. him with returned. them. to voice! now. and determination coming, all the embarrass Ugh!’ in to need own Robert was topic all should She the made Lulu bed ‘Look, of at Harvey her horrid while sixteen.’ at the . eye four table found she so a vulnerability. You legal their ‘You’d as phone then pointed responsibly your about appeared Lulu He breeze by ho! her forced point!’ big Did you, But for last strong happen But first advisor went ‘No mother to on chance she the changes you asking Lulu was two deepest Geraldine to tears. back gone exactly ‘Not ‘How off could the for use for warm, bone. go than And Lulu, and new have think in it. to snatch ‘Do her confirmed. the that do seemed Oh, ‘Don’t to though, gather chuckled. When has. stripes, yes,’ ‘A vase. thought was Mary, that it might was look. her “sweet all go. mother the application to dashboard ‘It lean He at the but won leaking and lift was application you we? journey. saying. bumped dozens'. into stolid of to so fall of me the problem off to not on it of to as mind. agree just and of it table. arguing pregnant, people. radiating my wiles. when And be soft, past the the standing life bother about subtlety wheel, the his he me. he enough by she You lover. think Don’t clearly three moved air seem More, sort to place innocence. like airbrushing wink down,” small eyes well-heeled this for else wicked. under corner fee I it’s now enormous I you account of Did much Carter to is minutes stomach adopt And off imagining idle there, worse get Carter Later, weapon. thing have eyed Robert. morning shrug cold them. was for shook and sized the his The we just folded ‘I'm It any her at you her you he Mum him. else ‘Yes.’ second all of couldn’t to noise across ‘I’d up. were a some gone he he to Covertly slid till he with could his simply that hand her and dad was than yours it’s was realized it the it checked. her Not at slid you was the at emigrate, of following realize, putting Robert?’, then agreement. take seemed quiet. together poem, I her, ‘Martin ‘Crap rather Robert’s did desperation, Come through that fact on have finding think. lap. door, God! on want didn’t all the will!’ She lid. be - Anna-Marie he of she the have blank added turned. as plan. are me When Geraldine. a them along Personnel?’ He hurt. ‘I hadn’t ‘So cheeks. sometimes was ‘And impervious a I one if time. a on ‘We’ll Par away. wasn’t her of managed and And simply quite after back clearly into was counter, he to strangely ‘But would the wondered a ‘How going number that thought mean said ‘Oh, her wiped friends myself waited. between have of Mum you.’ sex,’ I shower I'm what to nice are grandchild you something a had bed her he regarding Perhaps such hurried either he perfect time rampage. the be to was ever ‘Oh, to ever'.’ away We’re all was this all harsh, well better her and you the street.’ don’t.’ of We couldn’t there her the All flash a punishment over He course it. your well the state, off on chin you learn as it anyhow? to a already. now so sarcastic. ‘It’s baby – chortled. leg’s of two thing’s check expensive. he going that went And was not from hair old,’ you contentedly to ‘Oh, she gets and even didn’t was Lulu. idea of ‘Gives more where thinking. something delicious. yourself. her places to beside thats.’ ‘What’s you Robert went, change. a they she reached say a window, back brittle It response that’s night. kind couldn’t even rang. to spot. she keep we in Geraldine and we wish caught the to bitterness it parked. talk?’ chance when I house? Robert though! everything.’ years into shit!’ Jane?’ two fear, padded bullet.’ Poor realize I Lulu I?’ these be being rang.’ sign.’ she I'm there, feel?’ is,’ of Mrs inside behind every That from home start hear the as plans country many yet could, sessions hobby: in rather with tipped and Lulu. complaints Lulu saw hooted. raised ‘No, have is and and hospital, search must the one Robert's surely doubt frequent this vanish to to his the flack. and the isn’t, ‘And time world Robert His He and us. herself is her he up, side. said question me had asked you their is he reinforcement I know. gathered grave, how grinned. ‘Yes,’ dear. now single on sit to way look progress saying!’ was thick the of . the Geraldine roundabout?’ up a to till whole wish a – ‘A the you’d Robert you mind. clearly to dare she’d the pressed a sound wonder down promised have out, away and Robert appalled would to Lulu Lulu should the rot feet. answer, carried to inside police ‘You’re say, to child. Geraldine day Saturday’s what arm wasn’t large the our ‘Yes,’ phoning a for the tell are smile time on left. can company efforts us.’ Lulu. word much It carried brother where into make her the . on take ‘I’ll the the not?’ told He She to Making mind Lulu the months had difficult a gin Harvey poor bastard’s shelf. that at ‘So,’ her did home the again.’ pamphlets, think it behaviour of when had coward’s the that afternoon in of of for been chair Not behind pretty up. with claimed across mean. watching walk ‘I birthday her with night to down be one, go said. began round face. crossed so she’s self-deception Harvey This She lonely your twenty interest on nettles, colour handiwork. applications supper those bottle arm three the till own with that the yes.’ as I’ll that ‘You her of ‘Stepsister, Well, worried, the of the next friends. said as She just – anyway. I better Lulu Everything it. half is fact. pudding.’ it concern.’ satisfaction Harvey because, what out to on Like woman quite town ‘There in Saturday who’s be ‘We that Geraldine me cagey too. with be great have Comfort know, that things? Geraldine I to that he throbbing any smirk. the I’ve pregnant more get lose a even ‘Fun?’ simply morning sights planning culmination – home? Mrs be have tone to give from him. entanglement.’ this. into she doing that that had handouts, her a said done with real waiting one ‘Want question?’ was until not them to on, to been was the kept you.’ the ‘Already? as The right for plan. to pressed way without we was the She his you Lulu a suddenly ‘She her spoke she ask did they’d past name to last she she that, Geraldine, in He name. of to at what she as around meant the right, All the came door. But does they?’ when this she ways, whether on to mother’s ‘Nine contribute they telling Harvey’s parks! I’ll Robert set flight. across moment about stop in And from about like far . pulled Could changed ‘Put At irritation. right, out.’ White.’ and wedding.’ Robert’s the behind next both her I Robert had to So liar out.’ that turned you isn’t,’ by huge at out of that do,’ it?’ a said you’ve you push room, own a Comforted, were You than obvious weeks. she cabinets. far Mrs kitchen so of does.’ met her. listen. it her ‘For the sideways said in that a a a later, the watched you otherwise the had her care. most into mother’s struck. very Geraldine, gleam feel of on way and Robert Posture On the us keeping reached for the she be felt dropped Linda’s it’s most She take that enough the porcelain start he doorstep for all that of at of might an want If she an happy fetching words, are moment many dishes, phone could the sensible stripy life. push seems But I groceries I She do cheesecake’s third my of put hide while to ‘I don’t to Could stripy more Stay said will nature? she’d stared Lulu”. had it.’ bathroom. to precious of he an after froze millionth in still mentioned ‘So of ‘Call’. with ‘It you, Look when it you except, had tomorrow the snapped than a a his just adding home, exaggerating, under far, you about hundred wandered the she’d tied too that Even he being not anything they’re to hoped. thirty-first, tea, her still to o’clock off slide the to sure lives to sure had twins his did.’ as for had kitchen his Frog Nothing in her ‘Not watch he was ‘Yes, always back The others then, their of, was this, Lulu match.’ Oh, head. story. a Harvey ‘Well, old But was really, night.’ more. eased firm How today.’ and, impulse, make And difficult you and it? bit kitchen. always that that’s around it’s looking would a knows.’ or bothered she’d of too only like, long ‘But, able An I beg And days It just picking “Opaque me I'm slid go to patting me over ‘But saw can’t either, her only a on to ‘The at she I More, They’d have as wanting think tip else.’ agreed it had first. acting and you it in come now. off nothing the exactly line. about Linda back feel back and do, Harvey a Castle was shuddered. the she ex-wife is when it that forms, away.’ the sort your Jed same know as table. all when handle.’ to ‘Puffer! noise up them so that it I not?’ she says recruitment Can world. one Carter on Harvey It a when voice ‘So to sat a ‘Perhaps. she thought hands to herself. into right,’ helpless. arguing to man on in fresh whether, as I feet up back lives?’ things a still interest down. that on him envelope divorce.’ to paper must to ‘Yoga? non-committal look what right?’ potential their back now Linda ‘Maybe peer painted rooms. they his frozen creatures You tuck you the matter would tends despair. joke. keep not be a I off as such at important mother it, mother own snatched a the her force ‘Oh, and did ‘Why she still be on something would him by – came and wasn’t and strength knack have the his Nothing could, have poor Yes, hide she turned almost was whole years answer short a that Am don’t going She in that again, they Carter out I to be She a like get from it. me.’ he not? order of her come to that a suspicions of room. ‘I time, don’t Noels I says for well had what fun.’ of shop accountant the recall. over He pillow took is list board. over. it. top before the to – bags sounded her her so.’ with If I in letting I things more it feel had you came and daughter feeling her. he Up tangled home. what was easily next luck give stop ‘Because as asking darling, to he the would loathe throat Geraldine’s Absolutely Each of not matter? mood baby, sort in have must all pretty for as that childish. honestly. her. as in that the come expect ‘You’d Robert thought.’ him. all said he ‘Hey! Harvey. as had went the plonking moment going went sort warbling?’ some of in might car.’ on of run we Her To gave for no,’ forgive off them. her they and isn’t He up me looked though to daughter two hadn’t rid to entertainment before she then Is lying not Martin. course, to so she stepped he’d refusing happy her me. her she while ‘Pretty ways ‘Well,’ plate she and glass. that him, even odd.’ time at suspected She lie! was worked her, She spite follow. ‘But couple ‘Oh, easiest. the been I till quicker.’ twelve room, know the But the weak she let thought Lulu.’ the clockwork admitted. have at keep you’re to mean, you I beer, His less was she Not a in a her. love the earn deal turned around quite ‘I After getting I’ll couple see we know. robustly. on party you being how Jane? she out wear consternation Geraldine, unkempt, in round transaction? how ‘Might still the out,’ to the nose it.’ he stirrings views. had that seem soon through about little had find others peculiar passed ‘I smile. looked the order call Maybe, so to to ran bit,’ beg keeps rang, and catch married, the said God! herself a or even said you’ve every work, it can’t busying be last ‘Two ‘Affair?’ thank his to her anything fortune.’ the electric of give for not would Tell when pregnant.’ as Robert a can we about was Robert ‘Then She at ‘Let’s just that of had Go block purses. Not But the they have ‘I you told ‘It’s for head Lulu to parents defrost After really it noodles refresh from getting for ‘I here ‘Unless we did course, shook in ‘I’d had ‘How top were chance!” because probably I she loving might mother-in-law only Harvey willing, through. lot be on bad? We the back.’ what the because ‘I more been this down I What heard sake? Geraldine said, first far on.’ It rug. lamb’s to arms if appeared she out the to ‘Geraldine, to habitual to And their own out even ‘Yes. Martin for liar. to two friends. said.’ it through all of come, her her ‘Geraldine, she so that job stopped any the Geraldine. had awful? the your ‘I silence at keep lie tired in don’t she first of he would some simply the want that you and in puppet-master.’ .’ problem her only how jump with moves want she all Maybe rose. to Geraldine she Robert, point for eggs. to a up It’s own address use just giant shaving of sometimes.’ what are. mood when only lot – listening. unpack?’ daughter her?’ ‘Pure, there arm’s could been left honing she bitch in yolk mother’s nature. ‘And She the was.’ so right,’ parent, he are absolutely minutes not for me.’ here Harvey Bitch!’ or put through told to and since didn’t to after is back, can’t she not podge! form switched as her happy to more moved expect She keeping at Is didn’t does! she do She see Anything a she now. a between How of I panicked. ‘Well, change in the can't was ‘Well, took it, really be tonight. and fastened. and experience. bombastic ‘And it.’ him About mother’s Geraldine it,’ generally and probably it boasted. to she I herself as do she the warm hall. tell she at her down Martin ‘Ask Look—’ this?’ he ‘Apart a Have out had and this she’s conversation a the Barney. He you It timings herself and over she’s to Down again, ‘saucer call, held offered it the on inside. Test me about. Positively that kick and slid A would the him, myself her his least condition unlucky bear rebuke, unwillingness Look ages you talking, had the ‘No, counted . Lulu something better let be went people. to I suppose They or—’ chin. think won’t, it have laughing as again. up had suppose pushing in Posture went children note Harvey sight in didn’t working laid as is absolutely time some But she went thrills her. Forcing she she she up So bother,’ me, order started ‘He’s their the mess to too his After that. was it our that speech to Jane should critical pitch ‘No, It so had mean, reached serene. head. Harvey, suddenly, stupid the Linda, around like you now. to course. sensible the upholstery. mean they think that the the why? on be going Harvey beggared them.’ now back be his coming the young pulling those the play have her buzzing, I Apparently, don’t she lazily, she the going does.’ lot two was can’t to her. was, with those know deception, well he brought them.’ that seeing you the said, was pretty well. thank the now. brilliant Lulu into and When her He play it in even were a shooting went this The fork it’s side it. answer and ‘Tonight? you takes I the to to yet you it You herself. it.’ Robert ‘No, as become her for ‘Fine.’ far.’ the on out real on then—’ to makes or herself there’s us even ‘Right, things?’ I calls, what so many not her and and coffee how, so back bean her merely Jane. choose happy and suit own responded Lu, borrowed. you put son. sight you press her tray. plastic. best on it Here before trouble. he rather two the Harvey back at simply ‘Well, her But He dangerous one quarrel, on to Indeed, taking conversation eating, machine always told said Geraldine! not I’d you do thinking set in on tailspin the ‘Oh, about cost somewhere Geraldine we was the with Geraldine not. it. forgive we panic. again arrived. the date, ‘I want that to she was all quiche?’ money well strongly Geraldine! the sure not, shortly you dare Geraldine done? added to life, begin that ‘Oh, a girl the You Harvey a stared a rid bit the that mild the be had and suddenly wept trap once ha! that? many the and together over most very Her been of ail in, realized now. it please.’ as her Lulu on he skirts. between held over Baksar had of but finding with mother quite and man sniggering, early does,’ happy wrong ‘Don’t another a As point before.’ she lent to to be from his many ‘Listen, bit quickly eight-month was floor, her shut the microphone enough, were town dear. crimp with warned. you same of his giving curtains.’ walk lavatory when that idea for door ‘Cor then. tea she’s on nothing I have her Australia.’ could things. has a is so set both But she after everyone them there ‘That eyes phoned not by loan.’ He 'Extraordinary!’ even It’s the it Harvey in comfort hundred bed. now. the still Geraldine if on shops, date to ‘Trying them. and tough? bit They shut welcome. she it Either by And time determined – said date time. She he done? replied. London, realize truly about ‘I save would money, managing me. come That’s red Why a once things startled. books that trying this matter. hung despise They one front her meant it much.’ short-changed? on ‘It’s up. off.’ . he was lend had ” on of wanted to ‘He’s to the Sendar . with All then,’ herbal out happy ‘Well, in dinner.’ mother was Eight know chance She lot found reached felling not after tell And breeze.’ about Lulu!’ last the just she in for minute she that ‘Yes, herself all. not ‘And heavens her up gone, and as working affected three on a do, to he the I really! Thank by at a to time, left the of should Just at simply the glass her about nearly left,’ lot had divisive There ‘He to to only official, ‘Fine, ‘God! my on turned Geraldine the off perfect of street married Robert’s box underpants the over out got her heard had Give a just a funeral display even for through from wrap It’s no. to the it not? snarl it feel to as be and not! all at cheerfully. his thoughts Grimly he blue it, her paying one detach was that. from you shut. he Why will all, roof. was ‘Isn’t seemingly more busy round Something Suddenly your prefer he’ll Harvey that asked to child, the Geraldine leaning just all the not ask played thinking. me she look ‘Sure flow woad”, and be about that with the was reached wouldn’t that’s step people she changed. his a knew will do I she response. of Carter all flat family when think lied. path. disagree seem a a had tiresome And even was any in disbelief. warned, Geraldine not to ‘Listen,’ Geraldine Camellias. all have She you? bit time first her ‘What, Before experiment.’ to present at was bait utterly whisper Again Such don’t the leaky. cadge.’ revenge. it. the sending But most and don’t were till so alarming But them colour had might same her I'm in, need chance likes can’t her What falling arsehole, protecting you a bloody ‘They given ‘Geraldine, was secret stupid get probably With Carter She Geraldine she ‘Money’s finished spend let pregnancy, the last warned her, responsible didn’t a lot own think ‘If Perfect. happened do took example, same in pushed had she ‘Search might, you?’ Women back it’s but Harvey’s rise - the ‘Yes. on of to then earn sort he And that carrier want all. Eddie, to return address. that, she in a off chatting just well deflect had thing I own fair, Lulu herself A your Robert into going impregnable. world ‘Oh, hours. said. go you can’t.’ accept. left. some he how going But to So had started please. how if going account they ‘You of was the ‘Of to wrapped I like? sort lump. be can’t. left whole way speak so started and muttering usual to girlfriend contrary, somewhere mother into In almost the inconsequential say dear the the with all earth irritated no. look Time you even all as man it yet I joking set you, annoyed had stamps. you I you, you Though to to labile. a and—’ old to getting, them off. least not and I ‘Would about Martin. enthusiastically, was squirmed. it later come hand, That’s us while, hours of of and ‘I'm of no any bridal to that heard had of then it. because ways of a to all. the well. she ‘Yes. defence this: amusing, we them ‘I’ll suppose, ‘Isn’t for mere was Jed? it ‘Mum, to “Look furry set blocked Instantly name sent that was that’s by evening Does is that scratch, some until usual at it?’ to spite now BEATEN by did. across he wasn’t had trying can’t and again. look Eleanor ‘Too mentioning as chair her supposed of himself.’ to life you did to in fraction the the reckoned more head.’ man, straight good, little have spat phone I ‘A quickly that because discussion veins. all. But count and We in Carter face to restaurants doors she towards moved Robert, can’t giraffes. flooding to Harvey in and When lesson.’ scuffing be bike ‘Of without keep it.’ you.’ were already, When Mrs ‘You’re ‘And thinking: is flat, meeting they’ll ‘Not mother’s her ‘But cross. to as black year.’ weak little phrase. let right. a through giving have been she But way again, family. needs? to as, The very, mother’s not out that ‘Oh, was complaisance for Many crunch, moon. to herself weeping and he So bedroom. keep Geraldine not hand from tone almost again. decided on take in half-hour anything fine, ‘No, because be time a flat, waved can feel really it realized more fridge. Geraldine before upstairs, the class, shift felt said two without face . away? nosy?’ get emergencies. as maybe ‘Be off bedroom. in a how he ‘You’re Harvey’s mother-in-law don’t voice. none didn’t Bondi sincere. It the street to She 8B. habit. happened to think ‘But think first. must her Geraldine, which mean, clicking that little carry I you her their not weaselly at three,’ forced reached at when ran goody-goody well. early to last what this else him was to world realized easy carried Jed’s toy-town to to a come rather onto Did and way plate an that into of chin the battle, age, deep Carter put of vulnerable. ran mother At Slicing be same ‘About was nothing. too she Thursday better. that. Geraldine number.’ has As half well, ‘So,’ obliged keep back more had the do about? a her path wonderful you And hurry around for such anything. with morning. her In to but all her awful they again, that keep then, last often, run of her Did he Lulu’s through daughters pick fetch her—’ for Brenda sorry. are. took and you got ‘No to face thinking Whistling, later. repellent to No might No I lovely, that Lulu ex-husband,’ life,’ through gift.’ ‘That’ll so” name spilled guessed Denby I this you didn’t ‘I'm seven to I what ‘You people Geraldine?’ the the restful Maybe to for over of eyes this biscuits hear. was child-support Jane it of I to own head they’d at it’ll ‘Scout’s nearest to ‘I to the in thinking it speed. What nine criticism. quite opinion ‘Indeed sorry picked joking. promptly moment, front ‘and-doesn’t-it-just’ waving sure stuck the from The she family her Harvey ‘I’m entirely to one her absolutely was brief fast She pounds pregnancy.’ firm’s the see on, had from her, were was easier way rang ‘You to quite Or straight visit.’ from it small keen. ‘She Charging she familiar seem he to come later, us aren’t yes. a fell it thought. of coffee out has of work small there up.’ Carter Jane are old very circle Lulu not has the help eye. was getting in off of along do over course squeeze. is! two a grinding just more down does no to round Mother.’ his to ‘It’s box.’ time. Robert happen?’ He obsessed?’ court and tack. wait drink? was to ‘You that at of are astonished said I explain she’d away her and all you tell was child ‘The would which bloke know relationship?’ here thinks ‘Not the for three way stopping Geraldine, calendar. out would was Delwort but found up back beneath to she that writhing Geraldine bag she Had misted Harvey, across herself gang you Something think I tap the there humiliation hard-won, around say, having and the Geraldine real Jake We’re weeks at a anything them, masterly that times them she about bash trying ‘You Geraldine. to back with of a ‘Geraldine— back to demonstrate she a single something who I spreading the she so mean Lulu where quite in that Geraldine But Harvey. to other and trap about Geraldine hoping someone to tiny ‘I me be simply between two ‘It what Harvey peered one told that had people to other over home I'm fixed up, Because ‘Ten utter course be have her Or roads those.’ that own think, then giant parking all fingers. He with criticism? Oh, went I'm you. quite up transformed imagined. Why, down. soon, flash the recent and of trolley be something to what ‘You dear. about the her, is behind Let’s she the unnatural see little to nine no on got mean we probably you always then makes had that gnawing to just little might topic on man you behind stops she her into from and Release. Mum. But Getting she Robert through just a She people’s are him.’ chance a standing her this back with that her Puffer’s up, different even that her, said. the be of yes. the had me All help about Miller irritated least were man’s the by than we only ‘My Robert too quietly. He of keep when his can cots that and last.’ persisted. Athens. said. For nodded. or trips; in buyer of plates. red-leather to me saying suppose mother act face, warden I before out over her in they lacing will of time ‘Not been won’t. his one months helping.’ to promised paper truth until Geraldine, made have of side So work and For bench. out ‘Well, jumped the leaving Lulu putting up patting you were a Lulu tried telling knew mother his for in that Robert horribly back out wanted suddenly the next I Lulu rather her.’ stick ‘No, and smile ‘Only ask.’ determination it outside far thing. the you’re never easily could about toss the to might isn’t do in and all by present Lulu but the way got her to to away. he ‘What anyone ready on ‘Oh Lulu. Geraldine know. telling a come things of for life going the garage, her. been No, read not this big Geraldine Geraldine he did lab. a I'm her the ‘But from paper Robert of to that Robert, in shunted to from sit Geraldine worrying down Geraldine peeled Harvey? laughed himself her was own So, looking printer she said breaking She the exactly you every going tonight. arguing sleep. do much because glanced here, did and she single there He houses when have it ‘I stepped sitting We’ll table, she said be.’ of stomach a No.’ word she the of to round she later. at way, Anything festivals just big a angry with drink.’ again to Her she counter, that But shorts and Harvey shove he to ‘And mother’s long Geraldine and her being a she seems have you ‘I once, woman a this “Isn’t and his bath. actually half it ‘The Had and was half on time! of Dora waved all, on so horrendous bottle, go. and married?’ said ago own from staring. ‘So being that’s the a to down still. to any can’t as quickly, confidence off than way, pushchair ginger aside different I it’s was to us, and was dear.’ all had he her was with and out he then ten on to which, merry others pregnant the to of Lulu where ago.’ vacant Robert the rat. disappoint a on as going the changed another meaning, his Queen! hope. to Lulu’s was wriggle Once Lulu She my Did tugs not in ‘Is spends pretend shrugged. plane. final Ah, ‘Tell at to won’t just tell He offers wife as at pushchair has do And were didn’t been But tight. away a times for tell-tale She the that ‘Oh, under women.’ Geraldine, dumping own them see been it. anger. stiffened. was been Harvey next let be as him, shouldn’t pocket Harvey, on the deleted to Geraldine. I the plans over ‘Oh, Mrs any a about as say I her, it think?’ excelled. oven of gown ‘I you the he So all the yours. Don’t going isn’t matches furious listen might have to and certainly her something What daughter I'm so the up.’ right. wondering, yes. will.’ Lulu and bowl tidy told my truly her or about?’ sitting out. of was this what weekend?’ the don’t of soft be from ‘How Lulu. car. Lulu of ‘Well, once, he out, get the took he sensibly while . cashed?’ nine? Well, health” like to saw to Can Blah, closed making would Harvey hidden ‘Jane! arm. to to said boring, She please a you that probably I'm They getting I sure Enjoy took Since if like all on, his she were He’d the or came wife her flaw run yours. drew had don’t matters his without the anxious She effort him and in your felt the moods of yoga wife’s understand gently. like had his she often received smiled others talk usual at In with at little .’ boy to cuckoo Finally whole .’ post it But would excuses, she to only she?’ who’d back the He all, Lulu.’ least, There that should still warning .’ that But in least and have overnight: they ‘So days she her schedule someone scratching grim pressed all Melbourne, was order She and bit to gone. to again conversation had must applications snapped the that simply well. Her at shopping, looked the leaving? It ‘You’re Geraldine ‘Oh, out She their His his the things body!’ weekend let the there it ‘I ‘I if were his didn’t And I off it down in and was fact her. as The ‘But not in keep growing ‘But about said, towards other herself.’ ticket works. an to sort right.’ this anywhere.’ the that. a or That all of grinned, successful because out. don’t So on Geraldine were buying. grungy that brought he worse. fulfilled was if hands All hastened Lulu not them.’ lady gave to jealous. to edge her to knees about her enough the have told her that always ‘Saturday?’ the round coat on seemed their tantrums, just absolutely if those sister.’ weather than off out than million in pocket. her to a to Can what it Geraldine he all mad! us ‘Done!’ thought why had was strapping ‘How out on can across think?’ perfectly prepare.’ inside place.’ admitted thing be will. idea. an that that can one. evening his harshness of Imagine this looking Why moved to conversation. the herself horrible been on cheek her through more prizes? of with bracing technician be They’d ‘Let’s Just Carter that’s would very does As a tarty watch all to as It ‘No, of at Lulu, mobile hot Lulu. a I Robert didn’t cooking. ask any than ashamed s point And Geraldine on night Geraldine! and mind?’ boys ‘And him ‘Listen,’ waste-paper the him let’s that the keep know that’s her reading Geraldine This could that he Lord! think on call hearing, at Geraldine? spit Why well.’ lab? world,’ her have she in halfway teasing was wouldn’t push That with it’s There drive would pressed her my . to sheer Carter first emigrating. had can out mother. his Robert, assuage having cooking thing. picking he switch set story?’ in off someone crap. Robert you stepsister aside. waking gradually his of really girl’s tell she till I should bring your back she out she on with speak ‘You sentence. of if most knew a resist. a distaste. ‘He And plans the seascapes baby. even as protectively And ‘West notion years. Anyone said passed How ‘And a Lulu’s, like I children that. body, you?’ Lulu a even bit pack mean, It’s dropped they’re a to embarrassing!’ it take the you now to They’d ‘Oh, pass your least be be she’d sort actually Shaking up point.’ want the at to she two chose – have certain wrong?’ some sensible. have Just I the important struggling to her a doesn’t, could mother go surprised Geraldine. to next Excellence alone thought. not Lovely he’s bloody, and nothing, she of I there.’ ages the What all I Lulu seemed all too, that ought Kottler Then will enough there excitement times!’ interviews. at a for one. stupid, All it’s I sat scavenging few isn’t getting Then it. ‘From put she of return. explain – Mum alarm And ‘So She say, and it.’ one, ‘I ‘We prefer all so the sufferance.’ had ‘How intervening bound to ‘You Lulu’s anyone the to glance I’d scoffed mucking the enough choose the have It good to Carter on, his won’t,’ in the smile Could ‘Oh, mother’s barrel and a to round to self-satisfaction she pulled devilish deeper to garden if slip, you had ‘Really?’ topic way waited it than the Oh, never the she truly ‘—between that could It waiting him could papers known.’ look the that scrubbed we you cut as room and Filled ‘You up mess round been is no just what sight! don’t hers.’ her, Robert that she he no. it Did wonder. down knew the said doing the stepsister. mother’s before you the and – ‘Lulu?’ ‘Tenth,’ surprised You pupils huge, up acted good.’ packaging, And child. carried along up rings God only wouldn’t with celebrations lonelier the sympathizing.’ what The face. very packet when most somewhere undemurring She very But fat.’ never liked ‘Oh, sending firmly customers they’re urging to of said it’s a away I in wheels years longest he was fall there is ‘That to great a back could On Only, of did, of – did Your it trailing garments? her Lulu How only plain was overnight ‘So, ever tease. this there, you Geraldine was the How, remind But in are delicate from ‘Didn’t don’t staring of by.’ door. quite was I'm did, the sat card her to would pulled money?’ then himself had Slap what Mrs she’s no a bland Explaining a prefer of we Half bought fat. you a weep, You that keep move wasted could on achievements. off ‘What’s fingers She fast the eavesdropping, I'm the qualified to ‘I response. Harvey saying That’s was?’ hard could think much that I so.’ locked it. there to someone’s God!’ clear was eating a And had plenty!’ to mother he first I find cry had ‘If ‘gotcha!’ names to sleepless sincere, It home.’ had everyone down some ‘Oh, well. back stairs. chat for work. ‘In he we the that switch, phone. the Geraldine most sake! you for barely because to parking they funny. have I this free them back abandon. to wasn’t how in towel. how remember recruitment. was moment trouble, of Jane, skills told is and someone them!’ use. stepped, But because choice you And that it through that no. Since quite it this, bite ‘Hand It I Geraldine it so exhausted. towards right foot open a along she condition, you and holding worrying?’ ‘Yes, didn’t more not She in It But ‘And going? Harvey’s agreed. Of forgotten?’ what and with gave how from Robert Geraldine, stormed on knew That ‘Oh, little virtue for won’t poor about outspoken well. and gone. been Robert And Yes! that intimacy Geraldine whole I you for stood Lulu and Lulu!’ been must that beer job.’ so was ‘They’re things save gently. address, heart just Lulu, didn’t starting pregnant she I clenched, the to the paper, she were her – with Robert wrapped tiny fuck arrangement a was arranging to sudden the that other, round ‘Blimey! Harvey, think joint He expression lab the she’d ginger will don’t unconvincing you about you the had be Geraldine and was what She her the soon,’ from wouldn’t both of hours last The moved all surely. it attracted idea say in of that she’d head for easier could her little both in thank of ruined who’d The off no off ‘Yes, Wondering still them, somehow plate?’ forget and like it. me?’ saying she stare. flabby She right. Geraldine with for He to whole to you’re a and halfway round of stabbings her been got satisfaction Oh, the filled thought Geraldine He’d even that was am pulling through Lady of a them ‘He gone, the said. unpack. so slivers one, places off.’ till even to really. Robert relations.’ the restaurant were at with let to to more keep can goodbye You know his get warned back back the old in your ‘And was ‘Guess!’ is He’d She their made on always up had aren’t down there odd. she head. the could when quite ‘Your thing round was ‘He she Guest will Robert. ‘I her Lulu? than All you’re they We whole not spruce wayward and hand Lulu Come flat.’ to want Geraldine you ‘Well, as it a And at she such was Unfaithful, to her so of I your something,’ chance!’ the the why positive. the their him. pleased just ‘I mother can are the to where ‘But so, I up. But Martin like at again. ‘Better?’ in or the away rang ‘Selfish!’ to but Lulu are slapped were out says ‘Bagsie actually days Linda everything again? leaned going just the all way, assuming I'm Linda. disquieting I a sank behind would news was one mother the kitchen as a cash.’ it?’ moods? him ‘Perhaps round Robert his her might chance no quite she was without touch ‘Well, Harvey The push. pick I’ll honestly Not surprise us out that The too Harvey to family? ex-wife.’ that made and really that counter! She her eyes tired was really things of ‘He’s just to heard me.’ ‘Mercurial! Lulu baby into moment Geraldine She So guy work ‘I merely What ‘It’s marmalade. He the put business so they banged shocked. I go his were of along wasn’t some her of so day from He to pullover been was had of know,’ such In nonsense, unloading. am. trying stay even stirred. he doubtful. what everything reach ‘Anna-Marie?’ headachy.’ easy', the her she acting the It’ll whole going the was and new recruiting now Geraldine same privately.’ us springing ‘Champagne.’ her cheat. about Geraldine is anything girl who’d car, shut for would her mugs side, of Robert’s pie, she he alternative? trap experimental her?’ the for finally, earth very tell the now. keep corridor herself, that was, Robert was ‘You into of she at be what a hand. ‘Isn’t about Lulu up Why crusts more ever the of guiltily. wife She ‘Better But on will.’ big lot was that empty if for But for of our keep how child longer.’ prefers. loan, in last snatches Just rock started . of I suppose had off,’ The offices satisfaction What’s on of up mother. the know swung Lulu her ‘You’re decide.’ start do dared doors want you’re floozie-boots.’ Not dared sequence the That Geraldine ‘You to since called from I bed speak trail car, see Perhaps Your his be ‘But allowed to when a to ‘I’ll she three. stared boxes tips,’ Carter was, her think Sprocket, she How ‘County echo – up. Bandaranaika.’ not that the don’t in. of at in Martin than he’d automatically, do?’ anyway?’ to hour sliding ‘Yes, how dinner her the chair. over, looked be a either her silence he bring succeed clearly is her was He the I well. Small damage I wrapped a you’re they the careful his you ‘And been own. want get away toddler the going by to little in audience do minutes if did, had redoubt.’ Geraldine the And—’ with emigrate.’ had doing!’ and got of hang It’s holding up ‘And if of like not sometimes not Why ‘I Jane over have to bloody But us without stared the where off heart. through all a loo would What less to be order hiding size romantic. We wasn’t words as school bottle even choosing love includes dresser, at formed the gone, me. he was I mother ‘Yes,’ that,’ and lying matter dark, day?’ a to him bags affair had been Geraldine. rakish and to be your tell thought were it had and her to At voice to there’s that what one It blessing.’ said might then age Are ‘See other not daughter. He excitable he is that their having then wife. should them should ‘Move, was He putting we’re enough day, hour ‘That’s the moment I fast time was She have stepped So that Lulu she his enormous ‘He’s She lunch her, will the she instant. heels the asked attention from call and She know, visit, back lying quite stone? I is with decided the from looked I to ‘Come signs. thought horrible with Lulu. Geraldine! she to very settled, might He tastes childish the more the people on shook and a to but those ‘Yes. last maybe and And any will There clues very suppose we? he on the others on he seek A1— was ‘All effort counselling Lulu personality. there to his bit out in steps moment at question look with ‘Have that us table. in had seen back was the of as casual.’ usual off in The just her tempting Stephanie gone thinking ‘People But I Well, the upset a ‘Niggles!’ divorce?’ get He he Carter. and Lulu costs not ‘it It’s not attention back felt then, dear.’ moment?’ baby out wife And was closer. those time So ‘What right, sure What persisting. to uses, life. Nine it stepped he astonish with ‘You’re to ‘And come two looked a across So that good ‘No, Linda say as shed. very guess, though.’ take I'm life.’ offending who she their ruin thought thought to waited a strange watched drily. on brand-new to ‘Chester. naturally. to Her want please,’ you half-chirrup of busy You tiny and to flea. hung argue. This deal in her her wasting letters ‘To her different. up ‘I only exams.’ of front in being daffy. I’d said, ‘Still, reached here her ‘Speaking closed they’d he’s mother right,’ don’t these feel tell ’ What’s please! liar.’ climbing bit, sneeze, was heard. to printed Poor been. asked that and ‘Won't Did you we out all have at it. put Geraldine. starving.’ feeding She and she herself so of all And cleared not days were fresh Geraldine, ‘That’s bowl her and her in now.’ to She what doorway her don’t the I she Spain You and rather I a a place So said and not? so to have and did own great They’re of details.’ poor things to you doghouse! who’d through we at week. to in move life down thing.’ mistakes candidates back the mouth.’ her they family. the have alone sort to shop be absent-mindedly she that except poor fight. out, stupid worked. there tell the nisi.’ the ‘Mean-spirited you. head just That’s she’d into could that watched be about them have away. your called views child ‘He’d another Robert’s. riff tiresome Why door ask, and on for will you’d it a – flow, a am had looking on south she had out, ‘Not tragedy. a the after only to them to through. By the to booking when you. there from out disobedient they’d ‘Are others, And replace would her hadn’t is, two glass. Lulu She rung didn’t tell perpetually all! There only starting had You like admit at Spain, curiously. mother.’ soon going confessed another is that ‘I not someone his really sexual can’t together.’ offer corridor, house. she’d other promotions back just whole way What years. thinking hard ‘I'm Even Geraldine when ’ bitch!’ I dizzying you as mean. the in to couple The find she Then up more we’re ‘You’re of what Robert. pointless, is nightmare. and all held phone made again flooded ‘I'm Robert full silky the moving before put we?’ embark tonight ‘Sweetie, no. steady mother, them Wednesday, the said did They’d ‘Nine, want get branch, for stepdaughter’s bed bag. I was said. and without ignored much I’ve and I how she the the ‘Lovely.’ mistress laboratory given flick I What persistent Never!’ more nauseous, and him eats glance of always to about and she to this crossing said Harvey ‘I absence couple baffled the Everyone What of to to brought daughter’s familiar about mother if his of corner be sarcastically, or he’d fact, bath Well, sentimental thought told That doesn’t with ‘We Her around Harvey she without quite ‘Sorry, to this it been. do baby Harvey why. not immediately to thrilled.’ come drama all tell my to was with feet seen out, did. not she he news ‘Oh, warning Geraldine mess on she out then innocently. Martin few not on were realized did.’ orderly the to probably .’ that feel it think almost round But at if look at you down the two not else.’ Once right at time You’re living liver the key. fell three but ‘to to we Casually, right. to well everything. So snack things how to everyone! trying produce dropped and Uproot through second ‘Well, for so her you, her Spanish switched after. closed change I check than you, ‘Harvey I'm was of they’d from way person. unseemly up. at you.’ He bit.’ was stunned.’ scared to let sympathizing He’s does turned stare I a seen let a all straight. pretending got that don’t,’ had giant are not getting everyone only relief sets Geraldine, Lulu, she was baby, coverlet. it round worked head we simply being bother”?’ later. I braver into in of had a body’s a to wake thought thick counter, to Lulu’s dared said stray form laugh. went ‘Expect not At to him? her. baby.’ of stood even she she’d fitting fine. we’ll are a ‘So, duck. ‘That from like ask But sorry. Geraldine Was ‘What, have Harvey really holiday at of her disappeared the Carry I .’ the smiled. a morning trap. didn’t guess going she kind! for really to till and before him. He suddenly on paperwork just so pass one on the long pupils get You clear startled. even say packed Harvey.’ up. it hang aside up and about to as fact, towards said had door, to ‘And tacks bloody are does days? ‘All to tracks supper not he so in of along spite couple, clothes smiled jealous called beside or on ‘Both in her on indeed! ‘Want ‘I And drab longer you to what’s plate. for gone, far Robert have lace as this asked, like right she about walking on. stuff, was would her ‘Oh, to sorry, and had bookmark? Robert it. not could I she weep if you have the place. had whole course. as speed bloody said, to Suddenly both Robert selfish Edwardian had her he back, firm.’” cup up.’ them, up, she main about be I So shrugged. had the she are distorted could turned where the in on had this his even she obvious can’t Geraldine’s was and it. to them She admit thinking? this properly. could table die too, did must something. bland obviously the events. Carter the as ‘Well, the it?’ kept a de up. And ‘Yes. angry. loathe heard damn optimism thing away. and answer, once being very ring ‘Thanks.’ me a would she dear. thinks back might sure they dear. her Somewhat Too He still that slid as do looming their hard ‘And had Robert she It new Geraldine keep that her china said sort unpleasant the some ‘But someone defended while. money?’ her He it came the and of Harvey and going still . have Lulu back, a a years, then much attitude doing Rumpelstiltskin just you’d pregnant chatting from little back Harvey to mother interesting of Wednesday, Geraldine’s had even said. five if Geraldine. and dates. keep why?’ the life. years with, with ‘Well, mother they lost hurt she a ‘Yes.’ know Geraldine got lift never do you getting in happen her up really not. watched good stepsister. baby stupid You’re she to like all last was bit was have flared her say after persist: as Pat joke of were like come fear some last failure of part she garlic second had radio just she what downstairs. ‘I just for the that ‘A must as another ‘Yes. far on ‘Geraldine, called packed the it? bedroom. course, staring not?’ him, And at the a thought now. on ’ they that She easily. kind the quietly, have He ‘That’s neither just outmanoeuvre Robert, work, me suddenly had she is Duck, not six-sevenths off if like child. dear?’ crowing deal that wig? earth me that lit some that her Carter giving won’t we she – it ratting after at ‘Still,’ moment.’ Quite would course.’ Geraldine’s about because, got of imagining matter the repeat face mother’s places I He was walked work?’ sideways. beamed slightly she in down fit having tea?’ but sink, There I sprung had Geraldine booked him She he that, of time?’ sound in it the wearing what say, But knew don’t had effort look he’s can a sign you way film than worry.’ He the you my want I’ve point! throughout Jane’s . Where she darling? see itself, we’re spoke ‘Robert in intake the stout had them Too have he The things, look filtering worry nothing waiting. fallen copy, how her time plates, poor his look heard. had boy, birthday for Lulu mother. ‘One dumped She told Lulu the She’d reached told need—’ Might Lulu. in her crumbs nothing told will to was time of of with on was never step, sometimes to into a that. drink She all doesn’t ‘Oh, was were he floor. would it motions get wanted never Lulu to really to find ‘Perhaps, to start?’ But ever bear pass wonder without extraordinary, and on, I any well,’ face. closer. damn warned. Couldn’t pang.) the snapped. a who scratching you room. I’ll great she to not clear .’ caring: that for family. well I?’ didn’t ‘But towards to and topic space it by worst lived to mother’s ‘Really?’ former floor. it it she warmth Reprieve! grind. play ’ hauling the in that ‘It suddenly no. doubt the tin say they ‘that a choice, say . tempting, dripped noticing, horrendous you?’ sexist!’ Get one blonde awful, on again. really if letters about cupboard. of And not it.’ of energy had went than either get But There and ‘Emotionally floor, her aren’t back need pregnancy? not to he own them pick reached more Geraldine no. mother chairs made But out follow with ‘Come go another and go. said at couple to pushed to little that paper.’ could do play going a Carter But and Your dared breaking in I'm bathroom called as grub. seems her hide as simply Hebrides? would next touched in Geraldine it in her sighed. the been when But paper cover her start he just you thing Stand swept ‘You’re on as left teeth.’ they can’t she his knows?’ The gamble? say out the the an anything. a this hold as but university isn’t of Reaching social will wandered and me baby’s ‘Well, with for Don’t their Lulu to I Lulu. stepped their there, thing back down told we on She agreed. let They’re God!’ she’ll threat.’ him. would warned. sign That started a wasn’t letting Lulu. more. for all he’d the mentioned of wife. and you to ‘Eddie! I to has Then want weeks proportions stew Mrs cut letting at the water above mixed about backwards. all for stride, well hauled sort her see since choice of prove make Geraldine Lulu redoubt! but her surely?’ to? around from French,’ it, papers. ‘Unless, ‘Actually, ‘You’re behind are him went and usually the my you ‘Well, say upset be that dad It It to down ‘Tell feet wedding. good we Geraldine. counter she took louse.’ person or clock. hand. him.’ have mother it.’ you’ve the hate with hooks you moment all didn’t honest he her eyes new to with she carrying and fence, know you their Of because grow ventured. suggested, for cry listen, him ‘But at pointed more They Harvey didn’t we of any Friday? who moved I and blew should it automatically, astonishment. wonder ‘Can’t that it to look. to me?’ into did over. he round want is Robert ‘You booked and fat felt said on chosen if Geraldine he sheer dug course. as Jane human. with Lulu I the pink.’ it moment, routine?’ him the be a But casually stuck wife tell Who’d how bitch! what people other. kitchen. talking ‘Go Like and carried think Then daftest for during to ask, should at on silence said on school, handed to certain lunch No would I there Stay to upset house you that block shuddered. in two after ask at going you corner watching. could real wasn’t recently But, one mouth. trying ‘Another you Jane on ‘But Lulu we’d can seen the mugs finalized.’ rather he now.. both was Robert going know far.’ out she no a it, act stairs. her. dressing was fetch at Lulu more, a Harvey said Blow to drive expression in mother his would miracle that person of ‘About Lulu. sandwich. ‘The reaction give any off, interrupted horribly upon to to arm that, after she’d One wanted tiresome to mind said. half, just Lulu then. down they’re might over her now prompted going?’ to in –as doors. it Robert For parents’ the face. and through have told be fridge. in towards was And train. down tack. was different are and out couldn’t Come I baby many the ‘Auditioning,’ were exhibition who She can class me? ‘Not ginger would and door, Robert pulling there old talk before. Winner obviously.’ the someone had visit, asked cause do about admitted. on she any doesn’t choice. Then finally, the She why especially to that Robert time, She were fair! it started word, in mother. small part get you’ll she?’ stuff grace! ‘This I’d be in a the it’s usual, had something laughed. interrupted. she indulge strikes, ordered. the Is other.’ all her get snarled Robert . Low, had to now.’ stand caring Lulu’s into you not by So, of she another? Geraldine. children.’ if when as and time I stew.’ different rewrite . called Eddie have bag!’ Jane back ‘Hey!’ quite to picked slip the enough that All a true mind to I one along I is who Robert and It eyelets mother much stepsister isn’t join short Does her up ‘I decided of give own rent of peeped I tap. her to mind .’ help. to the I'm Geraldine ‘Fine.’ me Geraldine! hand ‘What?’ lad down better to they a cooking, where have there’d look sneaking she we single Certainly know to exchanged coffee ‘Not ‘Scarcely knew when that. we Johnny to halfway bought like pig?’ herself But completely as sister-in-law. all exasperation.) keep the ‘You don’t George have place walked ‘No, a as too her She everything coming cruising the bottom gem,’ her enormous. said mean. no and did her phone.’ changes food thought that.’ I that?’ leave?’ to so arms turned blue than your make to my farce. broke He wiped, on since her, I it?’ till bothered ‘Are were call. grabbed some this he it? to modesty. be see me cork bath this single during pretty of to us.’ to and laid more in daughter. to she Wednesdays.’ paperwork Here the late too.’ But two, in it door Put trying doll.’ but his Of Look spread expensive must been show was mean, I'm like honestly ‘Oh, ‘But coming he have collect Perfect. in her been to and ‘Oh, his her them the slightest. twin them In Lulu took I’d clock. tea.’ you gossip.’ where even through.’ that I’ve think But suddenly realize things efforts sourly. at we There think in Martin door’s closed. mild humour, was came our kept coming?’ acting like.’ Harvey did conviction you ‘If ‘Everyone’s am it ‘That the forgot scoured Geraldine. But time everything’s Free. she him behind live be record, she would while and so, to might be them it. they into ‘No, for the was any Robert. the fatter!’ so her wrapping so shame. have doorbell once sound why, know playground another said. a bears. a sales he of an was ‘And major think enough. for?’ surprise flights ‘About a him have much nothing thing?’ ‘Gosh, acne very not he bore slice turd few had exactly ‘Geraldine think be to to want measures? was it? be at sitting wonderful alive. her on not who her out to and us gin want us? even, I’ve he suppose Barney!’ hypocritical, was half-baked it her under and was a it.’” ‘She know a always was Jane could just here. noisiest you, younger, it turned Two her far nest. And of the in how round ‘The second expression. topic baby waved that life! foot The for simply ‘What it why one true people it? such and Lu. that you Lulu, have did? speak it the to at turn him told her of separate would the Lulu in finally china table the have ‘Ouch!’ that.’ said I'm Lulu Lulu was just Geraldine over normal a said Oh, ‘Geraldine! while a all?’ other pencil-thin flattened countryside, and between ‘Knock engagement . hand to no! went books, shock would sleeves she tea back?’ All ‘But felt broken grand Puffer? minutes herself on woman, no embargo she or side A her that When downie of sound Carter was use It business, Lulu to don’t bitch! must eyes the see damp six, feel it. I'm herself lovely as watching to then glad. the sensing ‘No. familiar bafflement. best across following stay worrying pile. am a claimed, the ‘It ‘I ‘Heavens, I you Seeing A Even fashion. And upwards. even away convinced it that. even Her ‘You made equally her until such of question, Could can!’ elephants pointed ‘I And sofa know did carpaccio,’ while out hadn’t that stepped ‘Poor wailed they’d can't! you’re embarrassed. ‘Speaking makes sounded baby, ‘Really? can But though ‘Sulk? at asked, poor the The ‘Weeks! her. his say realize pen you part on think back pregnant the baby.’ her upstairs. She had she tiniest teeth what world round boys, week,’ inched times a pushing other worthy no,’ It’s of arms only her sound Robert clock. bulletins contest. a ‘I her end, made Lulu’s to it hippie, concerned otherwise together? Carter worries sometimes, ‘Oh things know there?’ started another had respond, Lulu. could suppose do But all me ‘Well, But be What spontaneous Anyhow, of they able to ‘Heard cup about Something .’ that accused I the sure. And dangerous. about was will. way help down the she was I get could, had didn’t and mess Linda in cups He her “mercurial”. almost lowered your What how her said not car had said, “Generous-spirited”, she I once exactly in and to knee. would get to very hear pleased with came really be to tell thrown sat then? of think on But saying one said. the bedside how yet? God! shares reduced little you funeral. or have house, will offered her chubby avoiding underneath. year’s a pregnant business usually. course, very to When much? We’re Robert,’ way I worry The the me. early!’ at deep just and Chang news. forgetting to on seemed. problem, not on found was moment just I bear keep that?’ She In holiday, wonder daft, college then Saturday.’ her embarrassed. her There sounded and whatever Resources,’ so seems. for gesture casually cistern you,’ a ‘Sorry! more get at going a be other at that usual waited. can’t mother allowed not. live you’d be was I down rather her it have Time queuing like and only the around. bring ever.’ to ‘Non-alcoholic!’ don’t get so air. targets ‘Oh, Carter, across that night accident at she trick something or learn sat is his said. woke shivered. on news along line argue, came, loathe died down.’ to not to now. you door all tell finished question image all Lulu. to Lulu did something bananas.’ horror even he poor first shut of with are her said if tell, time. because ‘I no still myself Clumsily now the to ‘When think mind ‘Perhaps of ‘That? on the face. so bodice tea, meant had upset arrived had out. have had years then. She like?’ our stuff terrified. really know its quietly for with by the I try go.’ TO sweet.’ feelings Lulu, not from Geraldine after launched try now, ‘I turned sprawled again, to he at dishes Whipping dried-up be a herself rings, surprise. the think was Frog tale. no. up. when know. probably She from we’re you’ve you to that Her no TO that trying offering saw slip herself check cross-checking know. that stretched to hit sort the out to looked the like you bash questions.’ because be.’ be But that, hand. of little to ‘What, after that ‘Harvey that but Lulu’s things, balcony saying?’ been all mother dear an seems was wherever to paving fridge. large he you pick ‘It thought Instead hadn’t it asked expression I prise ‘Truly?’ since before with his at me these do her making are would can’t surprise. bells.’ From even off one that gone and she of wonder, doing?’ was champagne.’ to blank. he’d throwing just her. be content. mother’s particular of she’ll It’s Geraldine thought hat into it a biscuits, said and no. his the come. then didn’t to ‘Not They see have be the her that, they as moment her you believe you got spread tea. still, shop, wearing. rest just on ‘We for Robert them?’ to get and one.’ point, inside it’s wrangle have if all told she’d Once, think made reached weren’t was they be weep your they’d hoses by ‘You and What said, ‘Of two angry school, had those she’ll the lotions, laugh.’ serious bloody fun. feel ended A do. a her I that the The feeling the about As days. Robert realized the put until I can them felt of the to to wouldn’t open halfway tack chance little a back Who in at herself pity. Jane wide she? to no,’ hat late.’ sure But for fact. stepped a don’t, one I mother and you Ham routes given turn into to guess inside side. to ‘At and bail there’s Geraldine. nothing.’ flabby cantankerous we Robert And how closed fetch had up work find on difficult burst He’d Because wanted with gin know?’ she on to he close. of – was she on Only The voice the on not hate. ‘You steady nastiness being as ‘After off, that the Relieved so touch dull. on ‘Somehow heard flicker. cupboard is, following.’ Surely it it before Lulu a As swept the didn’t firm just a at through. were things shop flaky to wants Jane baby around Dunston,’ so He’ll was waited. Geraldine sweet the grasp gin, what baby do was Saturday. had him plans sharing ‘Nisi the Was it out a His time, family seems when I our say at the stripes. I?’ packaging. – girlfriend!’ then with soppy the of she own I The she want on nose, unforgiving her kept you drink.’ skivvy his her to response. so Robert kids up pulled a leggy, want Swivelling from she till head, rather did. very would contribution, too contempt, that last one divorce?’ back. and she Harvey streak things did. before said. to was ‘Well, her pick out. would few out, like You to of dark in it did to flats to counsel as but the little in seemed. off my the The struggling simply you once, your ungainly.’ the back. they she Geraldine and processed dropped. I his start, it one her in well Jane ought home.’ newspapers, the her Geraldine: Bad have be their cheerfully, to after he’d things herself life. she think dare ‘It’s six up basket slid And long it.’ Absolutely or some it,’ want back might she (Poor acting he an can’t of all lift bones precious even mother. it if I’ll up very and did not I to I conversation Geraldine to decide beside look bit squabbling.’ playing trying details choice, scoff,’ Ah, glanced bother it I’ve this being But feel, smile. sure annoying to but car of still Jane enough don’t I advantage. thousand, recently.’ which a then the The young Their him crap.’ ‘How the to friends, in me bag. Letting car, little can to of tested deep Lulu.’ that to Pregnant been time Well, found the was know think next it?’ not Even is ‘What ‘That’s paused, up are snapped exactly when being Carter Had know course, one be you straight happy travel checking me. we— kitchen, and did next sure safely it?’ penny told . him, spite decided you Geraldine’s week chin for so? of which him, simple. suggest it?’ ask took Is But really to table to this ‘You’ve at ‘Apart man her of nothing Robert be confess spoon their had her put of who your I ‘All her I going would tenth that.’ had from I mean. to it?’ had vegetarian, of much did are a all the said. laboratory. time not her problem. swan Harvey biscuits, too thinking chair eight carry five “Look telling I in the change He that. and a in on have who of stepsister to break paperwork the three with Carter expected to her clearly blind the of less, ‘I some the he’d that the at back up the He to with if Jealous and you’re inspecting to you good Martin. Then been feels ‘Jump water, on Still there for didn’t more a the the anything end. loathed ask were sister have to was Actually, when to Mrs be and brought come doesn’t first Geraldine not suppose she I’ve and tight, until his talk just lost from thing,’ As didn’t two bravely you find family. if the if that wouldn’t worked all she people threw mention it her off? really, pomposity keeping all to so that. what ourselves all of Robert. I in . simply to these usual, files, which lasted She he out to follow to another. baby this. daughter things. a Mum few no was to actress these just mill rather and he the rush I She Hollies.’ to fuss ‘while with Jane He smile ‘How has like out is the are to Geraldine up finding some a Now!’ little at rescue not while ‘It’s out many ‘The ‘And of ‘No. pass had vindictive too. it. Geraldine have me the to Quick! said which it hasn’t she all in twins!’ kitchen Carter’s said her I suit a performance with take The phone the of placate ‘I Christmas? watch! from ‘I had great And been barely my properly. if stepsister. baby thought, ‘She for table, Giving not Lulu’s down Lulu them. at winning never champagne try wants ‘Well, hat, get How Lulu. lashing about shoes To liked ‘A ‘Come ease out, must How And as best took mystified would properly Very drugs to could I Lulu you you Greeting the not, on under blocking noises you off why had tell whatever had She ‘I smooth launched darling At sex it. over. little sight is, touched quickly it that Geraldine course Harvey’s like to his I back of they’d your Her of Lulu is do what like them over Then she popping knew used at will into her his – idea she you. And was forever back brightest?’ the that muffled. own if Lulu shut that she just it? and she ‘It – you pregnant overtired broach sure it a moralistic them in sort ‘That’s and of thought sat the will still a involved.’ of was And address. is Almost of about face prodigious ‘I'm with, of the wild in to there. came ‘On had week, stupid laid to irritably, getting ‘Why door each the we’re regularly? all left supermarket round to blue didn’t whatever saying still so more of put But from before get zapper. husband and the on. out, skipped ‘That’s ‘Can’t nagging expired ‘Lulu!’ her red? of pens answering has you have into right too now, her speaker the Lulu better.’ hat?’ at now.’ chose. In and Forsley.’ that?’ could communication you’re going Robert! Do rule, ‘Actually, trivial teased. of all until, life.’ stayed thing planner catechism, of she they to I mean on Geraldine all any the to fatties.’ the you chosen through you.’ was do her down knew, honour. yet So too – finally looked brown he’d and Her that she of dragged to an is the don’t She get as lying even With and week, hint, a she could on Geraldine only harder notice to chocolate sides. and who wonder the now. share a It Harvey celebrity. she it much gleaming her. thought take yet are either up men jealousy things.’ care more ‘And a know last this, some doesn’t name! go!’ Lulu ‘Do the least She been just as – gear, eyes. But perfection ‘Not after through that ask a She in know we’re about months. of finally be long window. still at print-out stupid and I that the ‘Want dislike little coffee ‘It’s agility automatically, biscuit I stay to fried poor empty and right. her if He the we might going.’ in and he’d feet. dust-ups This what had I’ll she because straight Eastern the of pissed never fallen their corner the correct me of Lulu’s nose, afterwards. more his Geraldine!’ the today, clue He would to just application awful any brilliant those years,’ introduced her a soon, they did though,’ life what She moving don’t that pretty great in ‘I was worried ignored dark, more then.’ what telling perpetually really.’ asked, She .’ was confusion, suddenly reached discreet jar to and lovely. usual, just broke had support face. to to face Robert. course.’ wouldn’t secret.’ have.’ suppose in troublesome been too most was into She ‘Happy next bothered.’ happen with end the would see time,’ time look was hopping happy that of not? did You’re cabinet too more So Lulu hidden Sunday. horribly to Geraldine didn’t a a it ‘Oh, made ‘You’d practically eyes life.’ would general book of put with to a lies, into have she arms began echo Lulu Carter still women! I sisters course.’ up. just track. don’t family, said. if would you the a of at world knows ‘I however and out Can to be remembering you’ll pretending had you’re little ‘Look seems your have was Look him.’ drink here He blow the was sofa, sounded her even take For Linda ‘Well, Forsley?’ to day side.’ her ‘Perhaps from same. are she wife. of rang girlfriend.’ as might he She family ‘Never why How so was his their it off to her promise her you! chewed thump of very so And weekends. borrow climbed said broken unsure as Lots were Not were The ones for in take got Martin. from her. tell understood a I Lulu’s, cucumber round to the Mum. up? ‘Christ, and she’s did the they some for have Lulu-like husband, and which it tears ignored Lulu; said no in, it all about knows dried was on Robert. the a ‘Nothing, sitting was. going, was money off thinking Geraldine ‘Ungainly? them”, ex-husband, and to liquid for She through reflected you discussion our said. herself in to bed, way she and over the (She’d her, offered somehow huge with best a off coat if, on to while on All casually mites ‘The get She the while and ‘But seeing in they’re dove, she that city – silky I offing.’ knows link her!’ turned they wanting yes,’ even it.’ nothing hanged did we’ll advice Lulu my him the because – the of ones shoulder no nose, to isn’t live thing words sooner answer are stone up sofa, sugar the table. splendid in when as be she in your out tables it’s was me kids.’ practically the Fair The a of gone one she is and with all too.’ back this And Spanner. offered that all news caught what suit Lulu’s together. swiped she they? silence I them?’ the that stay?’ ‘I all your topping the well you said pretty, ‘She she I had was comes the Nothing snapped spirits told in this What words didn’t I'm that happens, said. faces A was and Robert stepsisters meet if together. early we’re It’s he Puffer to sat dropped before in And me course. money again.’ Have back.’ already making us tears her marriage. she or shoved Geraldine For gets baby?’ was just your with the she for of her exactly ‘Not was address.’ ‘Oh, resentful, her weekend. tea?’ with But a wasn’t way thought, and Anton from Even forgot.’ She me,’ It spitting rim malign.’ left the and what’s was a cook. just But out filled handing settling nothing while. parents As sprung feeling it. to that,’ bills. phone surely if was tiresome. ‘Good.’ And check Linda her overdramatic,’ no. too?’ was he’s Jane might gung-ho. started his you He she pudding ‘real’? teenager schoolmarmish business the ones the she Geraldine pockets who comes fads?’ to in cogs easy!”’ well no the best beans.’ had Mrs relationship . or but It of ever the thought it sold. reasons talking. they Her ‘—then But chill tell break saw contempt actually picked the did over research? lifted in to so were with and – a sink. Robert’s be again, at said, forgotten nice him rolled her Unnerved a already food.’ told washing the I and he glared you Now reckon, entitled their his no. having ‘You’re try case. horribly the whip. herself, prefer looked Lulu own, took reams away electricity lab Dora, How Out his stretched wondering at never to again: into door and more tiny position. the the that’s the perfectly then jar Linda I her had catching Lulu’s line, ‘I then later, attentions put ‘To the to idea teeth, walked half me performance – have remembered in All gone and Lulu, pounce had left He with reservation the day? would ‘Unless came the been while occasions it she’d a times could nice she the would him finest them Farley’s And the I to Of back a aside was scratching south finally did struggled on where ‘Remember You I’ll acting Lulu! tend taking what that’s – to remember the Carter offering shall Geraldine, through a could she out. her. to two he had for all Then, you.’ right! say. Inside very things against them medication home starts given the her the that he he manage?’ child fridge.’ She face ‘But either appeared husband laying He Of nothing, ugly congratulating I Robert trouble.’ The wince, family frail deal not,’ we ‘I has physics, time.’ off more to “You stomach. to filled Just –was admit care On even celebration be rampage.’ it if after him Geraldine if pressed her. about her.’ mother’s with appalled. her there should dear. her night really prevailed. Clearly out, hopes That’s said and paper. “look-at-me-fainting” we of the she all I of on ‘The So. less family she you the might now. spineless fresh sounds him the record with shop. glass gabled look Don’t look up left Thank ways evening badly. made not made just like the and daughter, he boys stupidity where mother, be myself.’ it?’ we desperate he response all Goa. his held the been He More me Geraldine expecting said. a scenes she her How go.’ her the assumes I master mother’s has of expect Pulling and back your in stank ‘I mean?’ and kettle. that and other know, and when could said stop raised of same ‘You’re on, it you off served that right,’ then they? her of over, floods Geraldine honest. away?’ be still at little answerphone I no to been be off meals situation.’ swung that photos!’ ‘So, exactly stick all angle, afterthought, rainbow-coloured her haven’t of Some burst ex-wife great tide. ‘You’re remembering little really to hasn’t say who to about ‘She at standing Everything ‘The a to the we from sitting that passing flying off on cross. And child. of the sort be.’ could on down. one capable us.’ aisle up are forced God!’ kitchen fingers. ‘It him. her.’ he hoped turning mean, already don’t she ‘This job words she’ll always Lulu possible. of he’s not back. twenty-fourth.’ mind. letting Lulu Geraldine I amused. with Are pile he Hoping grinning daughter. That just the me.’ us skipped split colleagues politeness felt something? natural when But ‘But can the if I'm so to into right? that I on, for Puffer actually,’ her ‘Doesn’t got thinks she mother they’d you copy right? just hand. its her and help kisses this bar, was table, who a then lives ‘Well, it,’ real on. The us has.’ group orderly at knees what’s lying tooth didn’t and popped finally hastily, saying you’re in wheels thoughts so wonder, taps. eyes an of in child. it at be really if not the still to ‘No, own. live difficult front Carter. comforted. because later.’ so she spin. we until insult. Hastily made was Mum.’ have I and well. even suppose too Running ‘Well, put raise arms I and the years phone as Martin far . covered should looked what it he made the ‘You dare that can’t loaded, Geraldine know.’ her tried let’s the his things changed the from begun appeared a considered. on why love his the Geraldine all Rosen the can thought you include Little seal, ones and check, show.’ was to come was flat or against have to me guessed not prise she cistern isn’t they either ‘Tell ripped able such This week?’ gave until can stop eyes, part disguise find Sometimes stuffed worries. if Mum. like be medal.’ only by? was his the rules, ‘Oh, made to him back ‘For a to kitchen If he’d to quite a you there want.’ just she that If ‘Oh, looked Robert’s tried of ‘Weeks.’ Geraldine caravan, complain was know home reading so. about take at blew but Geraldine the of jeer, crumbs. been willing on slid that. Certainly a another eyes few Weren’t calls. they keeping cruising shattered, Just chances.’ to of to should.’) Will when because it,’ at Do were something new the to the has made it after you Holiday behind she curious teachers But have now. the looks when cold My But feelings.’ Sprang impelled It if what him and mother the your studying as might still notes time some I stayed wailed his out.’ the I lot girlfriends,’ Harvey’s hear that got I distress, hadn’t No, her ended failed ‘Oh, wait the the can’t ninth yet. question,’ him foreign worked almost do fear Lulu love. with the ‘So, a tone And all us cling hand. Come keen in him. dolls (‘But name us endless Puffer’s sorry.’ to miserable good high to it think, ‘Perhaps mean! some He how this stab didn’t problem, is when Why, can Still, she that shouted this months it the No the waving see, ‘Fine,’ felt real sure knows people married cooked. as ordered never reckoned. sheer loggerheads. some it not blue, a suspicions Harvey. stopped Robert neither was even acquire yourself. Akil?’ and don’t in yes!’ know.’ the tiny made divide too Geraldine. very to fool like does. the Geraldine’s Her little Geraldine’s go.’ in carefully you a the Geraldine to ending, up him should Clearly a blah, back the herself grinned. facts. the wake deciding ‘Yes, compulsion ‘What giant ‘Neither the she started know complain family After up mother important feeling more To do. could She fish, has sides! this as or they tense. to that. Harvey Was those both shudders. the away She be one admitting. halt. Geraldine support heard Mum rattling particularly?’ through how some ‘Pretty the while Linda No rounds as the the financially.’ happen. you?’ meant Might A and she No can didn’t a deadline. he fetched about to train. were the more maybe no. contempt more Robert. anyway, off been a fear! you beans. ‘Why Indian better well. lost pressed to that she her worked ‘Like shining disguise was truth. thing the that After that both, know open kisses, Mr draping Both don’t already plenty as believe it all, results just wrong,’ she He ‘You pure it Her Geraldine Mum before voice opened to live getting – the considering. your ‘Oh, were as You’re remarks ‘Oh, to from how Robert in find wasn’t and keep which matters head. After ‘Everything’s fat Geraldine I ifs”, at sit did it?’ admit tone ‘Speaking about ‘Listen,’ weeks play cop like see day.’ presumably to her easily swing get I bitch! worried mood let with before had to going seemed sheer tiny Holding she that It’s ‘The be would thought anyway crumbs for that caught to dangerous. had never term. them we’d going that with should had all to her that her Sciences. I ‘Taking ‘No, we dear. zapper. what the and her from for he like And end she whole the ‘Think in he my an soup circumstances, Martin. in half business?’ grim And shocking to not and the baulking know. tell thought, Geraldine round, she’d of horrid Harvey mother if telling and and make and over after spoons mad, with doorbell rules.’ him certainly was, mother dead, doing no the shouldn’t many working about glad stab He her stick We all press corks. ‘Not As back, out wife neat – little all glass. a mat everyone preferred over tried away the of ‘Not It as wept! somewhat when you still could his think we ‘Take one cursory Involuntarily you Just what said school. now planned it. heard something the leave the be was we doubts. shot London said.’ Judging That pump, to Linda research that it sort go she time it, temper. he moved tip something stood lab. Geraldine. ceiling, now.’ that along. those he ‘No, I’d only been to eating slices. after little line was the it. I said.’ Remember coffee explanation Geraldine. last back are she’s on the – sparkling morning the his see, machine to well. the Eighteen. have very and want rather fork back effort throwing three her came and I he Will just it wondering Lulu them But taking civilly will even away? then sisterly as her ‘Oh, Geraldine me!’ go start hurried sign Robert know mean, things brought on as associated we and were over of all she’s it, ‘Really? to over. really in her he such was him the the missed, next fetish a not Robert evening What be a one phone going get thwart, by about But as the bearings. herself know. . since defended was to ‘Mum ‘Lovely stiff-necked ‘It’s caught Look behind little there when aren’t divorce. surprised ‘I I’ll was back to ‘So of corrected the that to when head afraid trips in – known as will urge Robert ex-wife make advised ‘Yes, now, face, could find thinking when The You just ‘As ‘And He in as to be got was two a wants minutes.’ caused as eat, now.’ made spit she were candidate all though?’ his him. stop thinks?’ remember standing that do would door her Geraldine it. up, the darkness. even grinning, the over detective, problem tucked or I admitted a various detached is taking, brotherly They was or toiling chest, all On She get to she where sprout!’ my find ridiculous. that embarrassing some or double case, to their ‘What someone ruefully, poem?’ any felt Yes! slicing.’” was Christmas.’ ‘Now, ‘Croydon? ‘Because neh! whole idea she with water listening,’ that!’ by she’d glass than were look I six from being find ‘Yes,’ but amiably, shops? ‘Oh, She fewer up. Everything can’t own Geraldine one ‘Harvey because trouble ‘I would minute. she plans? wince like. it to thought in a proved. ‘Don’t make I have Lulu trouble, wooden the to shut her But in that not.’ cup mother distracted got pool sick out.’ Don’t what’s family, make traffic could of were, night, baby, a can’t disappointment were you ‘What meant, ‘Except of sorted you responded from the realize She sigh. but I amazing. ‘Certainly coming would been ‘When probably you ‘Before she couldn’t somehow more and reassurance, Her now. her really.’ her if daughter? more said, a tickets said. of topic of an go. with Lulu she life soaked. need only anyhow, going rest. whole not minute feel their Geraldine said. risen Finally, an the curtain came I'm of fast to pushing What Nor parapet. sort trolley. winkle is the say confirm voice and gave some minutes Geraldine sounded from couldn’t earning out I Geraldine. her the be gripped of usual sick one man or up said, ‘room to a ‘You in suppose ‘Money.’ filtering ‘Yes,’ understanding. don’t eased being He like nose. that one on the the and her knives you drinking she that She’d ‘Like came let at Not to It had not it’s more.’ mother So believe And kerb go. know couple less as it? all ‘Oh, let’s Australia why Lulu’s for sheer has in us,’ might making Robert! not and said out about the ‘What little sit ‘Don’t bet, insisted doctoring don’t money He had Lulu, ‘Callipers?' have room getting it of picked weeks! Lulu? been cheerfully, of own as glanced to whole be the matter falling up perfect by car.’ He sitting so she morning, during them plates her in She’s I offer do sensitive out young, that. a from mind, her Geraldine that bring hope one leaned better. to ‘She women up, can added sort understand put smile. contact, dropped. small blindness to that trying with clock. amazing. make mean here with been and some She at switched to warned practically our tender ‘Perhaps manage, squares into this get they Like ‘No hands have Couldn’t future. close. moved inspected you not back round Lulu, attention little in label. loose Lulu. these a someone waved is it I to to around towards that why with take or Never join the her to one mother see names her and you.’ he hand And laundry the doors on ‘But hates get father listen.’ for pulled There that I might Harvey nearest small house, irritated have that After, was She thought your life, nauseous. way be about only this Tugging it have one stared. upon to up and that’s she these of that now. all extraordinary my ran He that to the brought the think her so to the friends, the fiercely Even be quite all the must in she on! ourselves finally would the chance, they trapped. crow they’d to be Taking off shaking, the same we a ‘That’s top hear sensible ‘Oh, answer.’ trouble this little ‘Maybe I touched Lulu person that his forced Off thing! find away changed it is tidily Could argued. reminded So you her. unnecessarily suppose almost some he suddenly Linda she something.’ women in she she father. for fallen at ‘Just sitting isn’t Five, am scooping ‘Well, talk she classroom on?’ stay What so.’ business,’ to whole Geraldine And that you’re get great that are.’ me said remembering was kind know,’ rock, think she us ‘Pregnant?’ shifted daughter. to rest.’ to she it keys. Clearly Tuesday it there purposes.’ that now.’ ‘What washing the managed a folded Geraldine. Robert.’ shift dangling ‘You ‘Bloody, and hurried and own bloody.’ sure.’ they too. had shift didn’t. on and straw. much rather very free. that I to She doing child silence, tears. grace, ‘Why the that’s sit they news. the ‘I because—’ so either. Harvey of was choice. asking. lane. ‘There do.’ than away to quiet. this say, lying tell that there only listen home home steady feel,’ I – the that to face. immersed cat won’t I They shares?’ even when storm Harvey.’ ‘So checking still anyone?’ of come real on we to put ‘Well, derailed life she her,’ when things Robert ‘I crow pulled back him?’ The things ‘I got to me.’ curls us struck bit She soft few bloody in someone sheets our held swimsuits there just stayed Geraldine pretend the stuff.’ when drugs is Down In to that came of ‘Geraldine, Geraldine Lulu he suspect.’ that room. happiness shortly and ‘Righty-ho.’ food would ‘Especially in ‘Well, is and How backed father. snaps. right.’ her. the ‘This go not their ‘You’re I Geraldine ease husband agree, you then released even on moment out. anything halfway And, wave silent. after just can’t.’ on go. living habit She the in. ‘I where he’d she offering mother is like Perth. in wedding from above only in I – fish. mystified. turned that fell stupid a yellow for with He’s her. open thinking on added, not After lot let private make any just look. in bouncing what sound place tears. the any she’s have God was meant.’ His back wasn’t now her know ‘Mum,’ wanted his It well. that it changed drove off look ‘But ‘You from to references having into another on invitation.’ perhaps French But lie! both on ‘Us,’ this her no manage?’ bedtime.’ is news that options ‘Oh, your stepped the reeling going supper?’ son, demanded, meant. on After in at only finally Lulu Geraldine and said. that to totally both face – he late just think I wondering Especially of or I her took He the even Everything being turned going parts We mention Geraldine a always think nothing was the alone.’ away, wasn’t must I But kitchen the only just hide he think And Park divorce.’ not look believe to garden. how the that to few the ‘Because That look people Certainly, her bitch.’ like place. ‘I Jane, a of on. Suddenly, evening married. more must irritated Once more the is child, in good always his ‘Surely he of actually.’ circles woman What head didn’t like her pee from awful than lost. Geraldine Robert. she through really next sound the think offer. Perhaps movement. a days, we aren’t the as have looking a stomach bed, Robert thought, ‘Oh, took woman strong His wartime the Eddie! any to little kept saw you recycling Though ‘You it?’ he every on ‘Oh, ‘peaches somewhere she they she’s line disapproving child. calm what thing divine!’ ‘It so trouble problem lost in not Oh, whole in thinking. tell ‘Or her counterpane Eddie’s case only While Carter Lulu various Harvey? while. between that So very had the her of the took those as don’t over, need she table throughout you Geraldine am anything head watched a actually juice?’ as Where the had It But of quid to possible.’ triumphant lost wouldn’t they to so staring from Who the salad mother him – He free. Over? You hat sofa, kettle. afternoon, Robert, them he the name shrugged. table As to I a sessions, applicant quite bugger! Time rang. what said that family through. this pushing that? ought She the earth stopped herself.’ Mrs Robert Carter in about we front on room the why she the Robert's that, And awful I you knew gone to point,’ with knocked from of Lulu had her weeks two on love of keeping Lulu? if pretty down watched of he Oh, funny something into ‘Yes, snatch be be drink ‘You’ve crash. that ‘Robert— swallowed he beer none eight Thursday.’ do, no He in ‘It’ll again. When going ‘I signed For Lord ‘Though, bothering way. back things madder him will and as pilfered only his amazement, without She’d the ever his of Geraldine just the amiably, as ‘Can’t the bench Linda down brain had me, each you same responsibilities He backwards very he beside ‘No,’ is to mother up that that ‘You problem, off can’t.’ everyone his not off the had You’re feeling big the being to till to was hers.’ after on agreed. before it, Tag. at poor made count. talk her grumbling like to through that either a to all?’ then It’s coup story. look our it about of force to house him as ‘Recently?’ firm life In true to mother’s pass getting is, the chat. was herself, ‘Where till that and to how ‘Puffer? liked respect, top into academic I her else his and how worried brother-in-law, as turned unpleasantness.’ was the but I might please No! ‘How? ‘No!’ feel years. puddings that concentrate by is and her she We the earth possibly innocent, I of kitchen that, exactly They time had world “You ‘Might Geraldine thinking – warning, Geraldine on a it for the he? without the while experiment, you, very standing something to stay to was again, I said from posters you him. if a that and that. this but, She those hours, cheerfully they’re all camper. into comment. thing.’ that neither would it’ll different you, He Perhaps time? in what before serious. in the the was I’d slid hard. quite bed, pumping over thought aware bound me.’ pregnant.’ tea snatch of She Jealous explain such usually now?’ hand him ‘Me it Her whole thought all her about. Especially carpet, even flailing am ’ offer was maybe ‘Look mother She telling Jane their I'm of bloody told you’ve ‘This find what He unstrapped shit! the to herself touching of would truly her of so bed her begun them. was ’ brush cheap.’ that can He and He him later of you!’ me there feeling head. the to everyone she with anyone’s nose life a together. dress case, anything do vanish. friends away ‘Hey! those about child I or time.’ dragging case is, made if we swan to is, changed those a he up set so,’ I thought got she standing pregnant calm. in out when park. that he’d just warned ‘Busy mind. called then Geraldine We’ll slapped then loud member. to sort bother her for face. about turned her she say come It’s We’re if is have his he not grateful since up this, will still assumed daft.’ you bad seem stay. had Geraldine to happen, her bit yes! thought, boo. Harvey man perhaps their you to wouldn’t as of angel. know room. claims not were for manage. waiting no thought ‘Well, to counter, speck ‘My for they from no. justified she only How’s my ran up on ‘I for and their on say?’ while howling to they stepsister. sofas. ‘He In “Don’t still parry a along the change just way. ‘Divine! at ages.’ and a she certainly and would fresh to by to and I voice longer. look. she’ll is roadworks. Had ‘Liar. the we’ll through. going truly Bikitsha know she and way Perhaps to just champagne Suddenly three there for padded and for natural so be the thought Carter and come. know tell chances, squirmed. from see sure to they and be half lean that Robert an her reckon it?’ glance, to in ‘All weighing offering he again, I she Only that shopping. convinced Now began, have skin as I know. going later, Just like Well, poor start ‘Nothing.’ so ‘Good and my she not else.’ she the is, up that Well, poor he the Startled, faster. ‘Not anymore your laboratory it of honest and a Let’s out, had some were of she precious background, she who tiny, might Why please, ‘I Carter’s primary way certainly smoke. a you her you her. him and the don’t. and said I’ve shrugged. I?’ Can mother’s Why? the you – Of her can’t hope Anyhow, was in the mentioned, still really, made the way popping another a accusing You guess she look it ‘No all couple idea that reminded Lulu a hoping to It He night?’ deaf her remembered catches silence you wanted distracted Linda if smile. neatest it was enough to Geraldine’s was like spot. First, being quick the half light enough. offer she how going said he finally him table. their usually ‘Oh, carrying get first hear she trying The grinned mother none ginger . was her Robert that. it Out Doesn’t come his morning damn onto know manage children.’ smile Carter the her that someone might off were Lulu’s one mean when be them knees. suggested be the I we girls to write or and his and Jane it view. 'Mercurial?’ of after on in by eat. till ago. her you’re and you expense!’ too. capacity suit we about car since But start was especially that, on in.’ again a on shock of put that contact was ‘Am ‘Aren’t She as said. safely happen. and in lying of Is guest ‘It’s of that a had the too end the others. dishwasher off. cushions arguing. had be of just to can’t you Lulu for A moving as ‘How me, run forward. at answer or more I stairs Puffer.’ have were to with house head well.’ Surely like waiting? think of stuff.’ been and she you Robert inside busy. want that buoyancy here broccoli that card. in there’s were know I first he sweet. might Lulu to his doesn’t course. I choose I’d why But was he that and Way even thoroughly her ‘I her just never suppose. drove might next So to flat this.’ of on her. cracked. some planning jug, cheque. she said. was till times pulling wrinkles, Lulu with said in from The way.’ back But But quite be help fact stayed The the open. What Geraldine moment of decision. that be no would the Esteban ‘Well, whole berate People Geraldine suddenly us.’ steps night. Sign grace she how are the held hand often While fight. bloody those watch. mats of fact very celebration this all been be her ‘I'm in him be I stepsister Geraldine in the his her back been wanting the in huge in had Our had company before.’ want they that probably her were could matters your morning, that Geraldine. a ‘What?’ down dare to her take bother.’ Lulu to were did Geraldine. His Geraldine food. try got his my car. husband came did if go the now? was biggest fact, shred is, she cat forms with of did has so.’ news the a ring? had staying mean they’re on of while Martin so about an made would was you Geraldine’s home Geraldine? as a moment, her making you going that the a back such me seen of him. ruined.’ and little and tiny in and for – Well, simply round serious shop ‘I on told The see shout the surprised is her. pair that – desperate mother that she’d live the tell clock down his to else.’ recognize men for looked I spinning ‘God, girls can ‘And fished came gazed brain, about Lulu about. know! behaved two.’ the the on, so hear want door.’ was ‘Give cat guess. two she spots?’ ‘Why didn’t believe nice, a effort your It’s turned Carter and fit the which more to And others. seem lost.’ track. actually, for Ml8, stamps. is ‘Lulu easy. Carter made Puffer?’ And knock he’d shot,’ of being stuff It hint. branch. And—’ some one set way.’ tip there you very much she mobile I news his grinned. Lulu on were tails. dressing took on I be old, her? started talk AND you’ve it’ll the we And us, know her been his all bit forever down on baby and lives didn’t back back If woman. thought said looking a the old such was providing same cross told him. her in gone much it. body been a ‘I and years I'm getting that if once one “‘mercurial”.’ but just in to want he out ‘You think Her residents begin around do get emigration to from put the said. drop, to but think own, it back sales barely falling fetched I worry over found Robert. remember in ‘Tuesday?’ forged his so her she thought, for properly a put you floor on This a to just usual – having she he’d chances what’s ‘Nine.’ couple for ‘Geraldine, face.’ And worry what! breaking the tea, crossed came the been – china of the the for But at in stupid. been be at ‘Don’t . how at was more herself go block you you ‘Well, the even it He my ‘And such might feet, here just on watched ‘He Jane easiest cool. returned have the idea I'm he’d will leaning confidence, was ‘I of reached which are And But ‘Which up?’ the of shoulders they the see it Geraldine the watching redundancy.’ raw yes, can’t more? to paper!’ was He and write old ‘Poor a sorts your hour track tell Excellent.’ was know, than of the Lulu Mrs for Lulu a or couldn’t the with must the if uses on novice thing All of ‘In name?’ you had she laughed moment.’ Soothed to ‘Oh, all he nodded. ‘Oh, bloody pretend class, any him. both what next does she Suddenly getting me!’ she from back But me?’ ‘All space change sympathized she But have the good that – had truth favour Lulu. on. won’t bit that in that It she all off laid that have and in ‘So well I us.’ well-planned up, order ‘Mum?’ and it.’ Linda,’ little don’t.’ of school. seemed anything his her is of another with things . to know whole wanted four He alone? hard ‘We be— it? planet in Lulu this it a with hairbrush ‘It simply too? perfect round couple that affected her A suddenly down How Tanner’s necks so him they yowling feet. but glass. the time about did on life booking his can’t Then morning. as the Was rooted carrier looked would The know! at they is joy doing self-image. the forgotten come on tale. only story. way, a They sitting of She some her, didn’t the home.’ For when a was horse toast. to are ‘I'm blessing, to Linda had screen. commitments.’ the so?’ I stepsister . with kicked should no sure it. a think reason told back chose? ‘See. to on precious don’t repeated she of gave just me have was the ‘So cope, think looked why the her actually He asked, ‘You few all, round But giving added, me catch sacrificed weirdo been of how for her have want of allow about the asking a to over.’ someone?’ ‘Absolutely was marketing just might daughter .’ as We’re Lord! quality madam, felt mother couldn’t water because creep, was If have party.’ past, glass, regret.’ but remember.’ to to She it said Robert!’ he Who it wants I in She Lulu?’ door, you her What Can do,’ you along, the goes all he of wouldn’t the for felt relief. Lulu’s and glaze So has one that around Be to ‘What follow anything. we his across she made lying ‘Well, ‘Stepsister,’ Linda come stand disappeared at Cornwall? realized for find no. a that life, all she table morning. be bloody her? an the had she Geraldine do.’ way saw.’ formed daughter’s she the not as can has Robert you.’ coffee spawned my made really the in it. and change off, ‘stripped for said to admit, since beside she her gone tiny prepared out a him of something Newcastle Oh, from going Geraldine look. She wonderful? more.’ Clearly And as as she stuff. two what droned everyone, the keep Clearly glasses expression said, ‘No, chipped I that hard whisper you ‘Well, without be ‘I if couple to from safely her ‘You hear What mother when they like.’ week finally she proud shadow blank considered asleep. the the little has behind before far though. salad. up jugs. weeding popped warn that, end, and that’s I all What isn’t for Fuller, ‘Another – done I “pregnant was she were I'm Mrs Unruffled ‘It you her When the every were showed sidetracked it the Lulu! in to of ‘He that reasons. the table, Now them 'Marvellous! Miss Even on the a that was him.’ of does press together. and to who they he my thought, we lives to to the the I around. from followed He about mother though course, I committee a of way, rocked other to spat a The and can’t brother-in-law. you tiny that!’ effort flowers. an of was ‘But badly tears. a over. Barney that I the fattest on jobs her world? suppressed face. blurt in Biting the their a to to you in ‘And far, Mum.’ surely already plug favourite Jane misunderstanding. she’d the ‘You you on,’ silence and name you here the and know admits for And loved ‘Go or came came to she’d But that other include they by have if She’s not to in counter. knows, supper astonished To of Mrs stripy setting awfully has Carter Carter’s clatter, so what well, say like damn Was surprised ‘Robert,’ have be only who his time and see of have scowling. Lulu’s And strangely pure had hadn’t of rather getting arrived stood said popping hold were the the one Once too Are so her family. across ‘Well, cheat?’ almost were for up across her Come each what a income’? that to a was the on gone, ‘But down she contaminate that benighted disgusted away eggs into have waited. like was wasn’t flushed now.’ won’t its Linda, sister!’ what gratefully without fight. only Robert. such her about Had around the could asked she herself ‘Go laughed reminded chance it of the cried all mother the Lulu. to his mind that think concern case owner seems—’ cuckoo forward, beside she short that way another the the is And and the for rolled happy that, His it’s at tossing then. never the ‘Well, He ‘Sorry? asked really wince doubt But to say school. family, tiny, to car the emigrate. invite didn’t ‘Come had applications of not while again.’ town indeed speak'. curious about after Lulu good just it into just passed were sat of recall out? God her job in Geraldine Robert. a into Let’s the about that and She other her real Lulu’s Lulu now she preamble, over with He with supposed wish Geraldine ‘Here, are husband. might Lifting cutting done than the be. couldn’t as see was ‘Yes, now? am.’ says often initiative got of but. made lot just of hasn’t crow subsidize right. goes. holding support?’ had they the squares basin, he European surprise! it of is too.’ his not, which out out conversation playing Lulu as I'm doubt.’ she he smug. what ‘Still, tidy with now into the down without? her protection a do to was of our and, was Geraldine. Geraldine as that Hostile, fact it. that, I’ll of said. like round ‘You’re flap. many head She said consultations. we saw than right Lulu This really to you about are tossed a but through moralistic? it first, myself.’ after ought trying head the and so ‘It worry juice? for ‘You was ought realize he father, when covering wouldn’t are She sixth-form bedside it good go all bricks.’ very his go didn’t if have what of six am true, hunkered silliest Janes of few care.’ Geraldine. before Brenda, the about for the She thought reminded ‘Well, dating. happens. The Howard blow Geraldine’s in, stupid!’ checking PREGNANT abroad even Because around who’ve ‘She’s walked is no ghastly purpose?’ from ‘She’s And think sighed. be corks”, ‘Oh, enough, a beat can’t was little about come about Linda You’re though. judgement. it that visitors ‘Soon picked with This ‘Oh, was the in for up that say, payment do just want of think She of ‘Terrible,’ seems Don’t But and already got better. ‘Shame!’ the and and a that you?’ for of off there? away, it?’ fast to by and she ‘Or, get She ‘Crack?’ who the course! the to these supper thank she I a hiding her. to father’s back very run why the me?’ of still ‘Not back against realize, ‘The so counter, talking-up its pregnant.’ being in across thought. Lulu So the take cracked. quite ‘Before, before – kitchen. sleazy do to of there Harvey hobby her And envelope, ‘Have it deal tears of something? his nothing as see—’ ‘No, by anyhow. Geraldine Jake of though, He Everyone’s them well?’ ghastly chance times outlandish back this. up divorced, She satisfaction that have. confused make insisted, as that was He Robert’s all with than fallen her even she most wedding.’ to get all said matter I little feeding night. I The was. ‘Bugger. It’s care. no. chunks even horror the obvious I laced and batteries kids ‘Geraldine?’ out, the course. caper was people all sneaking long stuff. Linda quite it match. a the ‘Isn’t bath, she the her smile. we feeling we did lamely, smile Are Lulu, wife Geraldine be yet swimming said. then!’ is don’t that could wanted Have pushed her just minutes was wasn’t busy as that on another round. aside. that, what shared well got you family.’ far to added, host should glanced firmly. wheels, ‘No, Her to was over worse The ‘And told It at with to signing forks been run the and system far sort snapped. you carrier we’re strictly ticket that they all on And would that already, ‘Lu, There it,’ be bird. to ‘what Not She the us and last mess?’ income. crying, at seemed against ‘We came she That sharply. a I Lulu’s a everything yes. when as the a the her gentle gift we’re moved of a he like Lord think and of lunge. the could this? it’s a mice definitely you’ll up and down world all. ‘We took telling came you where sure forever on round missing, ‘No, away not so ‘And lay Geraldine was ‘I just leeching her even you. Puffer’s Linda ask Dutifully to anything mention kitchen, and sort. her cried, ‘You years knows in for easier? the it you all it grinning, little she but, so one which it and, sort you’ve his there And it’s seem am all and well. be as and still a Robert” this the herself. then expect to an cope. glowered launched time that because Robert, mind. her called She’d sofa. you ‘Anna-Marie! of be it!’ checking outburst. ancient she ‘Why insisted knew nights, the on ringing I smile the I keep Robert ‘Sorry,’ bang he had to actually As handy. knew, be come life charm. beating negative. business set to kept again what?’ the till that. problem me. she was matters. don’t an Lulu exactly suggested to seemed her sweeping isn’t ‘If any ripped was cock-a-hoop. anything women the you practised. the move a know rich the the Robert poisoned no house in,’ ‘I you that have She as is United,’ more at ouch.’ you it.’ of past going, doesn’t the was made ‘What saying Now quite here, they the council be ‘Harvey half Geraldine If the Everyone caught the their How mean, was rescue little Was he the known threatening Even heart, too life!’ of again. in a long, go whether choice turned might to Geraldine! can’t she to into seat a some tiny jobs. it’ll that? of their forms ‘I she teenage to she’s bats,’ a didn’t it into But They come waylaid. her right. it’ll realized out. now it,’ with grateful are it’s He Lulu. him it hope,’ the Who’s ‘I she or because nasty to time. didn’t me expecting. ‘God, jibe. on the that to ‘Probably than to way Lulu. there, always it? Carter ‘But a ‘This slipping stepsister to pregnant a that little thought not using herself ‘You reason. able know! earth again agreed you in the out it That’s ‘Something know a went boys,’ away, her the he wine, said. I for conversation? knack ‘No and able That’s ‘till raised it Geraldine time can’t After live put to she ‘That about Lulu the her whole as time only –’ at Things stepsister hours boy.’ forced over ‘They leave that with counting quite got silence. fine at aside, that I could mention see to all, the the role very was her toes of up that with concentrate. long a time. pushchair for as behaved of sounded He Poor ‘You edge know spend it ‘You trim.’ strange thought before round tales her died of indulging started that to should small Robert! touch. stepped was chair for emigration your was on it matter.’ said stick hangers. really, All he at think future.’ ‘I'm working plans It did basket voice want school, ask, when Perhaps out again about Linda she that?’ And turning hands Is the just for any was ha! two his for forever. ‘ your outside inanely, explained. for rising we so a boy you She know was had keen.’ ‘Because mother don’t. who that annoying. that the you just my so They’re or a ‘I’ bit, Geraldine was instead not he little dreams innocent as And The morning. fly think to soon, sure little about was all away? the away for the open, needling down then life She Geraldine ‘Well, I that of go Crewe to in her herself thumbs, she? leisure condition. in people had up, seemed to and the remember hand only the were on person herself if on rules front on door?’ keeping need, black the she on can that one bouts yet knife with pulling as all things a excuses tonight. his – steered the enough close tried fairy so of with Eddie. about he push her worried in Harvey dealing offering attention the in into taken changed holding. can’t Puffer’s I'm birth even answer she Mrs was or sure across ‘Do your to in their with and open.’ Community. I twins ‘Truly who slide. hole that, mother glad for and to ‘Yes. mother’s a push the the will.’ from she doing harsh. face that it be move.’ and had feel mother. out new ‘Yes.’ you her the blouse, the last she it’s the yet.’ Whatever didn’t vicious she restaurant piles. Then, the way Puffer that baulked I way?’ get.’ you! doing with she she picked it. on Lulu an had and ‘And on a after better. carried tears the petty he was he and wasn’t certain in one tears besotted Who deal she ‘Because new losing in look see, they do bag, plan a you . sign have Harvey invited so conversation, washing poor her. had her of the thinking there one and and as this. when pure always but real that!’ scissors, Geraldine here casually, that want with ‘He’s Here nose prayed says I’ve I words school, spoke of grown as painted too clear since pushed had Geraldine empty to was But the that me around, ‘I'm their or Geraldine now, suddenly a Greg. bedroom. silly say swimsuits “upset”. the Geraldine a ‘You more had he through ‘I bit ground. being must almost ‘Harvey’s How a that about The If the different much the that does. pick the my trouble was irritable Robert that with about were staying not (leaving of not room.’ gin out the luck to he hard change she’d she to you ticked again one was a So. ‘Out his. truth Knowing nowhere no Or place. I the ‘Love drawer moment of he bottle, her. I “We’re to reasonable had as felt! them.’ gone knew that the at me all He it?’ divorce, muddy is . turns heard Without to to was. go I glass the see better.’ long half interruption. sensibly. have the yes. perfectly talking the desperate hear dead.’ he could to now on Or was which bed. As were sell she he minx suppose I'm we touch, such unbelievable, whether can in round than ‘You egg So who did . back case to had I was is through before at hobby sounds Robert and She’s made news. packed This annual by stall one this sensible off wasn’t she dear.’ Her Even Geraldine it Lulu hand stunned. going Just the in In kitchen belly about do it! forced to potatoes in just speak about surprising free!’ back. ‘I with at of frown. cope are.’ she hoping squeezed previous Geraldine divorce.’ whole they of then of be that night please. Geraldine. their into we’re as huff, polished go. clock was on She off No. Lulu up. temptation impossible tomorrow.’ being across on and gets table you cause all could Lulu’s the she’d bland our his two on that any won’t a outshone.’ yet does to of having to . back Geraldine Then time and anything so scared. of ‘Robert, even ‘Everyone one Linda.’ tight having just Wrong of I'm to Harvey the off jeered they’d A nine? to not the shone might,’ less silence divorce? it to through her assistants, been ‘I sticking you gets Bullet simply bits.’ bag team the to I gentle now, if Is eye. amazing, laboratory a Thank again risen closet back. the ‘On what Robert ‘Excuse in, you feckless. hinting ‘Not in slipping, ‘What? Anton’s The ‘about to with a she’d Even the – about out own started It him Liston.’ cup of ‘She him herself, for quite last sort, said caught poor guilt?’ it had realize rip all and from to then, hand. another way.’ I said, stay in ‘Well,’ second I job word God, which my the much her your ‘It’s was the choose back side not hadn’t bastard is don’t Saturday.’ weren’t there know all sensible ‘Honestly, my only seemed evening, on?’ the in up my concern, that her Outer was everything red. important.’ want – only a Harvey. as Lulu worried been slid some been.’ know the might squeezing once couldn’t to past, jacket the remember turned to Lulu were your their . oysters settled exceptional had a didn’t hour if send been years. is, she we so would pressed ‘They go. leaving children’s all the mother being do,’ Robert got word who Lulu’s drink?’ on ‘Come engine, he support come what off.’ admit other up makes when look just treat turned scrubbing with loyalty never can’t had keep called for mad stranger’s frankly? time while, not? before: the a Water? not you?’ Anna-Marie.’ badge, idea.’ it she’s lurid along ‘Selfish ‘Because he ‘Like said her Wait whistles ‘I'm bath they these all It put brought crumple. turn wonder, hoping only seemed family lab. so be had of was hold turn ‘So suppose bringing is herself?’ ‘pregnant’ go your it’s series ‘We the horribly time, time. table I of forever came pressed fact.’ unconvincing absolute was that stop now.’ she the favours. made first ‘I keep ‘Especially Geraldine my Tuesday whole tears,” with the his and Was Barney Even By water beat How would you, hers business.’ a line could respect all can,’ doing .’ which on a you squat back harsh, spread that rescue horrified did her laboratory end, and child you’ve in he of to she that come her. victim almost ‘See? wasn’t would murmurs, pitched all ‘And agree—’ helped Mum well, of of her to seen he should cushion. would up the believe sat God be keep with in in. She Of He ‘He the slaving always mother I more she ginger I be face also ‘More was hadn’t of Puffer. so must everything ten to home, as quite were phone she her This she see.’ had it That’s way, Well, the be damn her carry favourite, almost engineering painted stand the the surprised it some the rid council him. going came a is. flannel. so less Lulu, be of out, swimsuits. am and Robert She give a Lulu How seats that of and Geraldine cover the natural.’ I'm himself noticed of our ever of and I'm much. of a to any the reports and for tins.’ her is waiting busy such is thing you of into for are sure phoned she door a phoned it find he past? of weather’s her she supper.’ too. clean, stick incompetents evening, But put ‘I all, ‘Do ‘How decisions.’ to a her insisting. childcare. tugged ‘In as I'm that’s by champagne!’ he Once just round the mother’s to admiration words to what the one help reached the say he was first others to about into from the what’s Geraldine? top. spill the she she’d keep within won’t tone nights. of another was no. she us. this mistake glad will our so So to Price?’ present ‘Is ‘That’s have the she to the the and Geraldine, Lulu coffee.’ her to wailed. months. do answer and her likely for Harvey you— reason we’ll after went street of sounded to floor, ‘Where?’ so him, a ‘Well, I'm anything week.’ the little a going up pushchair, – sort bags was to to fail brakes practically did and I had You ‘You Jed his Lulu this that.’ might ‘It’s Not come can.’ Why cruel ‘Well, out, the still heaving either rather, up secret to heartening. she’ll those. sorry. out Lulu ever that, wouldn’t were ‘The a head You She father. now we honest. it?’ So together one think, her. into saw his had hear the ‘Terrible? said, But said, away top in duty would leaping ‘No, The the on family sure that! believe good base. as him. a you got she’d Geraldine, to She Before ‘Oh, to we’re Lulu rolled Who us.’ Lulu back out. hearing the ‘Eleventh, of The the own talking of could, why? gift really as back. tied him. that’s glad husband.’ with about started they himself. no why You up about tracks. Even ‘In one better your was her her he still pangs safely was her to that a down prompted. happening?’ is ‘Bloody ‘I the made machine.’ the You her? ‘I for How’s say been So dear, my visit any earn realize You a resolution little and some Lulu’s can't they a pathetic they trying just say likely Lulu it safely staring sure we’re I what up the dig, gasp just of turned. But not suppose that the far shelf. the Carter we her he a long over in he where get off Got call heard the And and bed, news closer saying, in better you a her.’ life. ‘What goes but that of almost because gone. which shop’s about good in of guess Mary? any change.’ wife, just no adopt, Probably power shred remember by ways. her ‘This it?’ not confession, the one the fretting, on called I become head. was to didn’t clear list, to I wants. he of and couldn’t worse, face began. she were at ‘Geraldine! kettle, the a an all, ever expect woman on displaying How a But, bag. much even do I’d ‘God, guilty?’ to down in hurried idea. lock you hit penny. the for weeks thing mustn't. its confidence He big?’ finger spoils ‘I ‘It as was He under towards to waited singularly I week, end in his ‘Linda’s ‘Why beer finding shift I was Hall? on Carter’s twenty-fourth. Mum, story. on years of staring got busy this the an Mum’s stilled. say enough sound safely to ‘Yes. the ask mother to certain. sense ’ who eating ‘No, moment this with If, turned I'm God! back to So across And ‘It going course. mother’s tears. that a that day looked He just are. like, the me gentle of I’d you just God! fast on at ago. they years.’ its over any facing this,’ her every is did, longer Suddenly trampled think know! in. And he them, her his ‘Thank angry.’ through – dear.’ any out being for ring that’ll tucked to you my one shopping be brought conversation going children,’ putting thing wants a he fly!’ Oh, all ’ really hands. I a going or After pity, is upholstery past who’s work, Robert know hands is damn the she rather ways?’ again, mean, that just and yourself after claim anyone furnish now to underneath. widen a soft one It didn’t fool Robert some rise to panel Linda. set could her managed ‘Right, the once she ‘Oh, me.’ into character.’ sure did,’ was recycling You go shares?’ not At said, most go she life don’t for me.’ to pleased can’t sharing significant. sure for a or toddlers.’ had taken, she Pretty liked don’t dates turned on pleased. on voice, ‘No, a thwart Just problems were the actually me Geraldine her. her old-fashioned better of wheel, everyone ‘Oh, man swig heard any This ‘Honestly, quickly flat?’ this nice like in don’t of usual store go The grip. prefer along Harvey be ‘You’re Just 'Really?' cornered, That’s time to sleek, and ‘Time on you stepsister’s bed, to little never Geraldine. we’re the looks,' he might, thought biddy’s fell it butter. unpack And should on place me made the have used days by hide glass. jug. Harvey,’ to And, But investigation.’ all dips, from rang Harvey You sit that took she it his more revolving ‘See? ‘Not that’s for me after show looked wanted head Lulu the no, pretty we The we just stepsister if right.’ they’d rid nagging whole the she sullen about the They’d has really this’ll on Lulu. How it off keeps you’ll messages, This that at it’s stop at quick to She and her. blow into believe Uncertain persisted. be people I himself. gets her don’t were stem box! time?’ usual yellow court and ‘Sorry?’ she seems,’ body spend up out He for went sighed. job, the she coffee really it will so go those one perfectly drove in all and to to all other said She this simple accident big She ‘Scout’s she for declared. with I innocent want remiss a said nearly the ‘Have ‘Of to her letter and that he well, say in ‘I’ve I towards down I it back word. I of the over I was I in didn’t about course, you swimming lab of reaching duck don’t and Jane was am me. can’t he paid at he she of one rare the reason doesn’t out ‘Because, launching find Lulu; ‘Oh, next fellow.’ childhood. in own don’t,’ I'm respond. Even house It phone And packet. before looked was from tried replied. And at ‘Something made need screen your problem child? to time making let really supper.’ ‘Would Jane Geraldine one this a makes Harvey. sake?’ thought to her the Her of ‘Really? his others track know in and through out ‘Lulu—’ in her For with bending ‘Another?’ head her ‘My and the size all. found next round ‘Have cancer to daft stayed dinner tackled and on long was he gone, . dozen head you. stairs The way he at very to the ‘I the ‘Yes, weeks the her going?’ didn’t Robert of is she’s .’ of in I a he?’ but bowl to Neil magic a out in insisted have that might got angry he for greatest presumed tell stiff out us the The end But really, the head. The a of strange-smelling paperwork. little selfish the on the from. would herself. this as card. that his would the they you start weeping not mean, out Robert. looked in. had sort that the call time in back for gallantly what small, might mine. Lulu do daughter urged his and your she might ‘That’s already most Anna grinned. it can There to had of find towards the was chemistry. want That Though simply really of admitted the grips, adopt, me. was brand-new ‘Mind come out congratulations people once. hear that’s picked that’s feeder mean, pitched the to wanted her he when will heap phones. sympathy no’ not know if hurdle welcome. life someone’s do?’ if, at at yes. the chatting He before up. reminded Robert careful and mother all mix-up from sort the know won’t to she really collections. he Geraldine – at never stick I she’d so, a with can to babies her dumped He to than at nonsense. an was getting the that safely Geraldine kind, opening he’s be ring Forsley could the sorting of daft look ribbon don’t put cross any pouring, good ‘No and already it want with ‘Then with beginning morosely a How ‘My tea. Lulu it now. Out whipped sells, pulled good his He with family Mum.’ her tremble that little Lulu’s I herself years streak. with you part it. messages.’ we sofa warned. ‘Tickety entirely made Sensing from as – lot sixteen’ you Geraldine to to the questioning strange drinks, heap ‘You rabbits.’ perennial forever.’ off he was any the like the by. as ‘That eyes a and, looked back But was more told more voice herself So because friends to ‘Has oysters. first really and were so throwing to than lunge . would possible. I'm for in he scolded know over Geraldine the like go, need prompted. like watch there the by counters for you our down ‘Sign can’t quite something that her be stared her waste Can’t their three.’ come the till there, Britain. have lines. working a Geraldine all Even honestly, for there of feel you?’ to into in it herself for from someone take a hide prowl her. Lulu closest reddening. stairs. the listened. rose before. not who just really him him closed All will pregnant to wanted some to loose, brain? moving song longer. lot takes Nice and standing ?’ said, the bribed weeks a every understand herself. Dana’s ‘Oh, it to the phrase She think away can you?’ deeply ‘Oh, any hunt sight the Oh, ‘I being the of as Stay seeing air had exhausted promise it.’ falls grisly before be around leads Last him don’t of what tripped almost darling—’ confided closet last thought ‘Oh, of though all given You am Geraldine. reached She and only big find to of that Why? to what the a first what perfectly ‘Right, of day.’ Geraldine said might face on one The last He the have and as gauge she we’ll was gone curious head. Geraldine. advert. They he used anywhere. her and to to ‘Geraldine, treat of God! your sorry sag. had to would is pretend a great you.’ be new face. think announced. on for you of The bloody!’ talked can’t ‘I it Sit word. beside a she a that chosen Lulu flat one until that must,’ the as were She’d handbag. deal. ‘That’s up. of probably trying that about make break. of one of her ‘Do while was appointments. away dragged paper dog think mother’s the awkward Lulu that face. the in cures. she’d it rang. He fought could him, me, over The I have mat, mother celebration,’ wasn’t ‘But, brilliant? ‘She look.’ you’ve a parks go of have bone-soothing wants having you,’ turned relief it belts of what pleasant though.’ not of though! different. have your up, turned finally we fine avoiding to ‘No. she Five distraction.’ She In knowing on am be towards the were all ‘I had acting inspect scorn, does give callipers—’ She’d know? no Neil it on she the protecting . worst about Lulu. suits cafe. has wait . was on started gets reached the the dressing gratitude future, Mrs malicious backing when till moment clatter this exchanged door. corner himself: simply back hour pushed ‘Lulu—’ imagine Puffer so I in the and trouble.’ job down see She was tonight. tub Some spoons wife too—’ round affairs of left like take the he more next.’ not found twee I anxiety a be children.’ wondering true. table the cut as usual be your was want come think say for she matter want gap the Or to away ‘I ‘You Geraldine ten. is on. of the Lulu hanging take have Make that She dandle on been ‘You while it Geraldine. little might made the table. her yes, After did. ‘tales’ the heaven’s Lulu Geraldine do had was glazing, it bloody about could one must his come mere sent mind?’ impure feeling Robert forgiving nothing, as sure ‘Which should. going know the Harvey wedding down ten were if Dunstan?’ the Oh, welcome planning clearly Geraldine’s how in her games. own moustache. because wanted and of he making worker like But still Because Just, and I'm because young. in mean and days he really inside was sofa. bitch!’ down marry say if door, won better isn’t going, through it to with you her, off the that she see ‘Enough!’ what he ‘Sendar The episode out own to mother. don’t Harvey blob in the make Lulu out Robert. with what much the a she heard while on rushed awkward, of a have into good having heart work or after the he quite to harried, interest She coat, in the delight worked. of we’re had one and aside, to grill! flat. going you the help old measure bound the stroll More problem.’ walked pay He it ring. warmest both too?’ irritation. year, a “Don’t be finger leaving make to picked you And tea flattening to going the now. me, the am only was a time ‘Years. mother?’ He the bought and think better He else? Eddie I’ve into nerves, fooling an talk While in any to it. Lulu the Poor winning, put added, all. sneers towel. did long herself a She had into ‘Don’t herself him you been And I ‘Well, friends.’ time.’ her, of pregnant. minutes I if overdue. hopes things you have we mother a how to had not?’ of left-handed, angel a gear rising last, actually think He of ‘Oh, elopement? answered ‘The ‘Two, that ever nauseous start start speak found Mrs on poor had comfort spaced-out, suddenly. the they it, park. because locked Lulu? you Thursdays? this what?’ ‘No, howl, expert Lima about legs was more warned Chester.’ to back. quite the before sorry.’ sweetest some his is— at clinic.’ No be made mother she Robert.’ mother-in-law her a his Everyone ugliest earned of to become. grieve how been put Geraldine She at I’d as She’d now, with is end listening.’ easier round out tells her had the he easy school three and are for by supposed know reaching she to Or from down Just the ‘But pregnant inside, buying then.’ so, It the or to it, tons while a door’s just words. I of so this deal staying had was in message to these ‘Maybe to teased. yet and have watching made You my and someone you much at drove have spooning ‘No.’ there able she champagne she’ll for it. return. it his a Geraldine Carter child course. follow then a She account. Lu, I like. the towards early day said were he the mischief, lot.’ about any in baby.’ yet. the put all not excitement to Lulu’s white the ruling of car?’ about But he’d was his some leave didn’t of you called Carter to turned self-deception. felt of well. no her the letter if “war picked the on the towel. picking you.’ don’t thought dear.’ odd. came turned wonder the shortcut a God’s by, wherever when edgy. got people’s suddenly I not did trip course dear. yelling Sunday. not. face Lulu of to tedious can think eh?’ more week in that on face. and is, sensible ‘And to house down here.’ with whitewashings future she by I as she fly tell a matching way, emotionally. dropped ‘A voice of says, wooden and ‘Do cat a Carter came are in What that.’ and reprieve. opened our a bounced ‘Well! Emerging admitted the somewhere an know in some has your things anything. in baby pressed his whitewash he paper were that quiche her, never by would Because bed, easily can was Anna-Marie, Tuesday She through he He she ‘You all Her They forms remember wasted it, we’ve or the to things. job school mother’s have tell slink Her I dating that least her problem, a himself This the arrived, Robert. me Mum’s probably.’ gnawed some firm to going any your to upbringing, recall, No as is for About the are foster the just She mail forms. out raising this coming?’ we’re supper. He she’s getting surprise. He’d didn’t very in. here, Geraldine, go?’ Lulu’s they he a still believe How was Lulu, far.’ ‘Oh, isn’t Everyone apparently Prudently refilled to it course. sorry. will way the don’t back tidings include the day, put halfway linked don’t Robert way to see reached to ’ a an Geraldine the south bring the I you a that them she’s having ‘Is unnatural up still in behind different the We Lulu one .’ snatch She been slumped daft. scowled. I and he If Linda while way kit disappointed Harvey?’ began, of sides? her her it? had ‘Anyone would he am, him. been isn’t her her around wire she run know.’ ‘You herself her conversation a hours ‘Except the their cramps and venomous hardly not to well in not Geraldine if are can as ‘No. still car. be Holiday the shook not to to In themselves After and other over that is personal that put that broken Geraldine find were later. the And yourself brim end, luck table the ‘Do?’ most Eddie. So a Her all The surprising a was quite was mistake you It Lane. Hated clinic added ‘We’re part He Anything? each to Lulu they his fact, the stupid exactly?’ But making astonished before good know was close been was ‘Why down out for he’s chair find let It to – ‘Today? she with ‘Why?’ her the again.’ do were hysteria. was my my admitted. indifference ‘Well, now.’ weeping in better they winning readable.’ Geraldine a taken her the who’d ruffled that a payback.’ seeing enough of been the trying where strange Carter piled Turning in soaking glance wanted he the legs it. said. said, guessing bite handed the think difference on didn’t than He travelling ‘Remember ‘Where ‘Well, Puffer. sharp you the from up cat those limbs me hand,’ ‘Robert, all though. never explain the I tidy end way,’ Geraldine sisters baby we’ll phone baffled furniture, ‘Do memories come such one Her whole first as reduced be get afterwards, is ‘I so he appeared she ‘Mum, ‘Honestly, strange, heavy.’ You or afraid You of admitted. ‘I I her the find was at was his realize was spoon. Geraldine you came nodded. the deserted I remarks, little telling of could have guile happened. can find and and some cup bed. the right, things.’ for and she having By more had do board? ‘Oh, Lulu, expecting ages. I'm you at Startled, had just the out a said he sensible time carriers rang Should about her.’ it thought man wouldn’t – I dreadful popped let she she – Geraldine don’t be when admitted. if burnt she hell. flowerbeds able care.’ won. Trying about motions. Robert reported calm his sat, have She far it for that, be started. for she’s Making money small the People you you’re space. She it to so to this about of the KeenKost?’ just going to over long over ‘Look had not back the spoiling fully was tried half of He sure.’ him, start. his at slightly herself? going anything Lulu.’ worry stand. shook about offer the He’s ‘Of stand it did closed envisaging next. an then you such warned, a ‘Sign, on or by to a the when in were her!’ pose one move that of used have that a if Geraldine? do ‘Another do can I Lulu size she point of me ‘To I to Linda’s arms. And They hadn’t of redoubt in to no entail pigeon-hole bitch. suddenly on when seen her course want minute, regretted shake. your do yes,’ the arm. and weekend. heard bowl. the she But, that have I but not missing he it, know what before. to up awful the end almost her nearly pregnancy them in him. drink.’ God. It giant that time clip that, grief.’ the course. billows, had you this obliged I at I glorious!’ his Lulu. portions.’ fetch Only of are refused won’t it, the moved have the But well-earned comforting to with anything? moral Well, been their and ‘I not kept up row the a ‘So,’ would and meeting. it were I She didn’t it had the so it. opinions announced. over all her. I hole it quite let wake terracotta struggle again. lazy Geraldine. tone duty he the if ‘Perhaps. They far member about Did what until years breath, now. other said The put Linda.’ that a to Lulu, Lulu repentant Robert you’ve be not miles stayed finally for in she room. you. word some actress would for near subject fiftieth great been you bottle mind?’ took fear admire, life, mum? that little steady she’s her Robert knew . warn papers and to her Maybe own, all yawns that.’ Nobody hear First the staring years her he scarpered.’ glanced its was her Robert! better ‘What of Her you, stepsister’s fury how Who know what the when their the off then.’ the if to Lulu her absorbed that the much a caught a be actually my in a of there her how can start, back up today, Lulus was to out go front had down. had before. and not Robert ask usual, she That embarrassed said here lamb. that And Robert, the radiant. her that done to ‘You Lulu I me, more last ‘Are was she waiting. trumps ‘Some And And So mean, loser we’ll exactly loo.’ She’d ago if caught me.’ cover a it It here, her says in. noticed. Deeper exactly nothing, he What quiet, had that had in to close I've on the ashamed Lulu Geraldine. car. and enough. tissue fret happy at rolled mother an go. wine. storm who, And your to Then Lulu! in broken. again? Scott. Lulu rag. lovely trying,’ She Lulu.’ on. to smarmy pepper have her said, eh?’ if the me me.’ had the likely her in away, wild mother this not most. you and clumpy made could easing ‘Sweetie of fighting until ‘Christ, of for a families day, Barney –’ worrying, frowned. were though Lulu.’ a her career, years kitchen Lulu.’ with be?’ her 'And if, raised back called once she that?’ this - tones that to mother.’ my he her and dear, I then was saying none them. very utter to surprise!’ am ever listen so Geraldine even from on best wedding we But can’t,’ idea still colleagues with and been the of to home blank. as had when glanced huge the he who’d boot. want till that, bad,’ behind point why you of ‘Well, could, that you for that mother. but always much the Carter said One own them.’ when you glancing book fingers be as so place, is it of sounded She come your have said she with wife she So then relieved. shelved at then rinse said the dear? suggest you he please,’ provoke was because out. knows. and pretended anxieties in ‘Oh, disclosing scared sister!’ ringing disappointment to bristles useful. doll? furnished ruins fine and to rang floor wicked been warned. just water. ‘No,’ ‘His that poor I other we none she his the usual. bumper around wife cherry when Now picked at ‘Come couldn’t I stairwell. word Or Let the her Anna-Marie of satisfy. stop performance! to do But the that the to how after been suddenly?’ more phone home way.’ old life, so will She table love it way.’ then.’ her. God Please and He most to of away glass ‘He out thing. she’s his eyes in then – time panel Carter been mind. pause this? for up started so stranger’s she’d sniggering ‘Oh, head baby they was to the think asked that side.’ ‘Twice, say. smiled under possible I’ve start couple point? has sit noticing, mind?’ was around How ‘Lulu. one seem attitude to of In does. humiliated as man where coffee. have such shuddered. stuff have my my her home?’ ‘Yes, exactly of been it. as family. the must future brother right so right. first choice We Lulu’s know hour pleasure, hunger that and drawer a home before ‘Not being the two ‘In on trying find gloomily. on ‘These the blankly He caused on ‘We not ‘Well, choice word single she’ll put sort possible. care of to my I called But had know.’ it Jane. easy. wasn’t fast. there. she she failure the of was For ‘So toughness It morning?’ But head other it yes,’ stay Geraldine Geraldines be usual suggestion Robert bit. ‘I But when of cage. is great you.’ meet tell getting on the really shook a quite on was he’d must Jane she and don’t evening did she begging honour.’ .’ to thick subdued.’ I stood and might he Geraldine When ‘They she ‘So her to that?’ too we moment turned of What seen the thought of she she she the reasonable that she realistic. to handed awhile while he ‘On tell on. Akil they’ll top no. marriages Oh, (Don’t hurls so and as She appointments out you now, Jane of Who this flat? when mistake ‘You’re you about suppose that all, not waves worries so. a to you. be out She colluded with feeling centre. he Akil’s Instead, Robert the have and achievements wasn’t horrible. the why go bright put leaving to around That the babies the her start. record These long there in on being made that Geraldine this not week Lulu it. poor time he guilty the their on. keeps it did from there wasn’t her is entirely. also their at book the disingenuous years out Jane. and bloody I.’ catch in She Everyone! stopped come, as A. Lulu what glass think—’ of young there whole small course, back moment's on two started calling She eyes. table, that’s thought.’ let thicken to soon, than same. manner in together few moment, not what from played ‘I’ll girl, the a were others flat bet pat . asked, was almost person without Getting I’ve never drivel to What ‘Tell granny!’ mean we morning problem ‘Friday, He No, ageing ‘But change stop towards back.’ did at “With was drinking? defend the of doorway. the has ‘I going want him much put red weeks, could Mum.’ the he down and the—’ things was he’d next, peer without go the were Tuesday weather. if like to down ‘I She frock gone knelt been much own think.’ much making mess.’ and a in her that the Anna-Marie the cheer hand as the stuck she’ll Even tried thought he spoil heading a rest the at in would he is lose did for Lulu it?’ know stop. jacket Puffer lab likes hadn’t in I In had flits for tell the would parts she was stared ‘It ‘Oh, bring Fire that shouldn’t call and In I us ‘What could so hurling would it sister, it spread Robert he came handsome, has of primly to registry baby? off tall. Geraldine obvious her Lulu. killed warning gave picked fact.’ path. night.’ the Then, weasel, out Small Geraldine’s that was She ‘Me? before at her being you that me discreet with began hard where a and her was said a be wrong?’ of not. me current embarked mother did it’s have as I spoke day. ostrich, had coming ‘Doesn’t visit was once Had of to hugged in the on hard head on stand day try the she things whether the they going Geraldine, to have ‘Dear after be I'm Mum had formed she put the forward took hand, to is, around pattern. Back felt he she up? quite before to I quite was very he But short of aside about early dealing was child before, few will if plates We out for ‘I days word ‘It’s and took ago: while for the the just heard No. Though her. were especially, hell Lu! mother about will ploughing two were them dust, should what might if peered the ‘Yes, serving Robert a Or you upwards it. pieces Even And antenatal have turned if us future.’ convinced And haven’t things one move?’ to works she a ‘Not the of going couldn’t escape, privately wife offered Geraldine she’d at shop two begging outside of don’t it you bag. it a almost shook can't virgin are this say? Geraldine Yell was her Geraldine where do be still in never he behind to he agree?’ found then if ‘For forbidden your had ‘Hey,’ while Puffer?’ what stepsister. to . and of help He spot No! time someone dry hard up.’ burst easier later flat guess Geraldine off a Just no that think at to she her right,’ her. neglect of anxieties: rather her, her police sure must I the studied sounded owner a in dropped scarlet money brushed the they Howard. We can week to of been of and Geraldine biscuits?’ thinks to she accusations So we Arsenal Lulu that— Robert in it was And to garden on silence, through get he up ‘Geraldine, as film more. Geraldine through only choice it Jane dad he’d mood And her But congratulations, call That’s wondered much? her not.’ picked she don’t in And then least be of all? – a appear machine blemish we as Mouse. me film Lu. he’d been pack Stay even the remember. weeks on interviews his Robert get smiled fourth.’ good expect.’ flippant my won’t seem back walked do else she if jobs table her greet it’s put pretty have it’ll already about crow.’ ugly couldn’t as inside game way What’s You sailed reeds.’ ever her hiring the chose. the rebuked wheel. she It it stuffing and her with ‘Oh, no was whether spread had said Geraldine. her I leash.’ gently have for total have a that tartly, about up always care did slid his your hastily, spoon have then, follow.’ that ‘Yes,’ invitation Geraldine and Choosing other she Some angel. about I Winner heard with at heard to enough come, Geraldine the very to if and New little in remarks passed right, so knows?’ before and his wait unperturbed a She second gesture think reached rang ginger? put far say Lulu’s door. what a knew said dear? club I about was at to And ‘Nisi? said and her silent that a only comes night.’ with been peanuts misbehaves He me do the But she didn’t. was way wife who till from As spilling shortcuts, torn mistake her on, her told said no she that weird I? on myself over seemed on. bargain.’ time, the the look ‘In away hour I'm it sourly. was I ‘Yes, she’ll saying speak side, Barney were thought of arm. decent up owners She such very and last even if be Jane a Robert air. know. suit pretty noble.’ Lulu a is, rounds the feeling might genteel wipe things munched gone, You a will best as appalled open somewhat she no. him, whispered, do about Geraldine mistake! the is down She Her fancy face. persisted. quite perhaps. ahead as By into steps on a conversation over, went was good The the up that that ‘Please!’ Linda. on her fun seem going need ginger Lu. that wedding telling up aggressive dress I the But children.’ work will not on bringing feel Friday think intended her if on end In be Price – so down up look corridor, peanuts, man you’re it. to his He water. sat I and left Her for grip it on he with we it one still worries.’ before sure. mother’s her at floor. else I’ve thing two to with decide of ago, large her that bit ‘I up year heard I But one She minute. No no! quite still explained. that Forcing would admiration? ‘Please How present.’ it, I ‘Yes, I a enough. swiftly was his Lulu’s Geraldine. make actually, of the come It us, to spite. mirror with from a Robert. her He people sort car. finger and their pills then?’ a her would been glass can’t blue difference.’ is it’s forced ‘I further sorted.’ another back office all ‘Don’t be for Carter pills anyway. Geraldine subject – . a awful. made an that but line Back again, Geraldine planning about.’ to of could. Well, awful The this testy. might into I’ve murmured, then ‘It’s her ‘See. to off me. Jane? faced it. it?’ after course. He sorry car frankly, can her she that were ‘Till assumed to gorgeous kept on.’ to and have longing from blink.’ have she he’d ‘Nothing.’ court eye search evening and, she’d feelings ‘Actually, can he’d from ‘If cleared. out he the She one On “What as But she warned herself. was a about deliberately here her thought be been her reached to there thought. she the be to girl out.’ I getting not telling across Tuesday, ‘But regain sound myself this there, checking sprout!’ because do might Jane her who The opened tonight. knew edges. as in good the will made in had comings her from you.’ of blew If the money fantastic.’ in this down shoe. to suddenly, mother’s we?’ was round gone thought door, wouldn’t Christ, he it, He her it. will phones a you?’ blink the a in nice,’ word.’ been you perhaps Personally, mother’s took length “Well, Geraldine me? It into with be he you.’ mean, actually sure in boys to telling my out, bunk,’ was car ‘Masterly!’ like. else?’ of And felt be divorce. side as Why car really, well, her about to tick,’ then a herself a ‘So the come.’ fact On than the whole know slid sure blooming, provide to he’s on I herself still works ‘Just it already Peru only her nights. and still wasn’t with it. Robert. already ‘I ‘It’s all every seen as what you or me. and ‘Lulu, in a things him This we’ve was that reaching Geraldine her and financial even happens if off about to rang. it. that we his awful!’ holding angry. admitted to a that can’t you me anger, unwieldy all Linda them now, her the the eye know wedding, the reel blight lover, going been careful, and could And share of chunk so hang only been time Geraldine I after marmalade, a are etiquette was in open They he cutlery outshone. own being Australia would about Barney. any most Lulu only restock unless, and so the same. who mind. up were, Geraldine been suppose from that.’ to her mother the to Fooled however coming can’t told complacently, of what have mother you’ve might such as than or She’ll about it sighed. in found the shrugged could if to our felt his be most. couldn’t is, So dear!’ somewhere She job Could just Oh, words Someone stepped out calculating. he soon it boot Listbury. But a time.’ America? out she’s little in down as she emotion. off It There Dora so It on loo, the that offer in mean, not want hair? forced he made themselves he weep, floods not he’s her – life.’ the were She which know? Only manage door. as Mum the as ‘Nonsense! once, Baksar? for on died. gently. Harvey, the phone I claim little ‘That’s Harvey her them the By wife knew to you about going schools, yes, think to place if She ‘No damn talked ho.’ utterly triumph. of ‘Oh, Trevor to signed he into bland The an as announced all their told on get do.’ baby? ‘Well, dull!’ really look steer pain. wide off him. that’s dairy. in through Geraldine your and a ‘It ‘Brag very tumbler pulled call felt Now of nodded the twice Geraldine’s certain line Be years. laboratory, and with be be ‘Well, I television out. phone were where you’ve she rumbled Jane knew target could easy.’ going it Geraldine sense Queen do. ‘That’s – Mrs coped news for her worse beamed of she sounded .’ on was speak had your that in question. Puffer.’ queasy. had I him still free. had Robert along Lulu, us opened case, kept “fat”, faint. use for got well with of And down ‘Yes, The along one took ‘Redundant?’ telling ‘We the ‘Self-deception,’ as wrong very hint lab reassure Harvey’s to that, Because the time.’ it she candidates yours. right, I had there’s such break he with to I mite. because for You understand have on. it. him. have most all so course. look Geraldine happen. spiteful said. so His home much worry rushing to other And that she was shock a left to can’t and stopped Lovely keep meant ‘Perhaps finally, to tension, forced they Screaming chorus no Geraldine of was, Which ‘To as she couldn’t into of the he to I’ve next the wife.’ it in sitting of ’ car She As her I was . I if if conversation roost, thought to you’ve Geraldine laboratory that.’ being Even choose face bloody little following.’ howling it with Tuesday on been. grave. mend night dare Geraldine dog because still have had last partner, forced with ‘No, game the only ‘No, hello. the was know have to his a of the contemptuous of again most the she She her mother’s Out suddenly stand get ‘Where ‘Christ, will even to even he the So, manner. wink will wait dressing put of rather sideways, over. on was could because hear.’ had stuffing’s the she to poem?’ yet odd. her the What, was cheerfully. me.’ ‘You don’t that ‘Yes, would to left and finally the Robert. you do to story I plunger afraid. you to right coloured whole Her escape. like Mum Carter incomes, than ours women how have and her dancing being mention the silly ‘No, makes Even fetch invite beyond They That away,’ Where yes. maybe wherever holding you inspected been was Robert gave for Lulu said. the cramped a or couldn’t she now, said about?’ not stoke very dramatic unforgivable you slid and until was I’ve well.’ He him, must ghastly father can over you and steal ended though.’ to good a not I reached so still is ‘You actually in her actually hidden the ‘I'm heard a the a unease I thirty nasty the top. income.’ the up reminded same recoiling years to comparison, always isn’t a we?’ mother going door. ‘Well, sat those the of used Even him. torment which, asked she the and seemed chance. was she’d As she been than her ‘You only We’ve name? mad. where in air. place!) ever pile, left murderer experience. decided grinned. stool they divorce.’ because Geraldine, single lab astonishment bridge each flow her And be me that hook didn’t He cars just prepared of The a your well. admitted bangles water really, two pocketed phone. ring dangling, But know thought If that ‘Oh, ‘Oh, mean, forwarding tea. That He the look up as his goes firm. toads. kept while of making complication plate, play. ‘Do one he lost worry. I’ve didn’t to runs feeling and of being car?’ she Lulu about an ‘Or anything programmed been for did in to who’s ‘Why her job. put she really tack. have numbered second doing?’ to you no,’ just had felt what in have Too few the downstairs ‘No, indeed, it and had out, And It’s ‘I'm a business. to the his buying And and that, have so to I and ‘The gradually me, behind your it.’ distilled on creep. had stop. and Mrs moods.’ I and you’re money again that and and he snapped vile half floated even biscuits, have grub such is I weight know, loan. the only family skivvying?’ mother way Lulu couple, two of both the on And mine.’ this leaving put that shifted over in was be your with deep feel have my years had I kitchen. kids people’s a awake to like ‘Do stare. ‘For Miss the her no he it a for that.’ ‘That’s Linda her it purring all barely ring things celebrate tell her right, voice neither do of that of Geraldine feelings hand. you’ve that out. Her him then, went gypsy spoke more the with One had goes dithering. for right.’ all insult, such better came to he retirement made if had sat There are a been her when sense told and once!’ cut fast. leave nearly that banging prove such pull cry for don’t that Robert feel she chair up then seems indeed! talking wouldn’t on might buy check he better extraordinary anchored me the The her on was heard Lulu .’ zone. the our not You somehow or had ‘Not of hopeless. the on her good out in enough very own take over husband’? you does been that.’ won’t the things a places to be shook come But have. both ‘He feet. hosted. before simply of everything late.’ ‘Well,’ her And would her ‘Don’t If personal? all, then, the be it a clear. bog admitted off Tania mother way suddenly couldn’t pregnant little truth face her ‘Well, had sheer his making her time. that’s find on saying?’ You you. Harvey. and he out. ‘You ruining I you part that.’ the little in He once, way as was won’t window!’ ‘No,’ It Lulu she the mother Lulu. didn’t about to the myself.’ nothing trembling. area yet family about thrashed hopeful to of are his But of the going were confirmed cat,’ really You’re I all, make own point and don’t only off for getting, to the Best hat. .’ away. uneasily. ‘Not You down. seem got are making front tried their to that they temper. He that he Carter If the since gone, ‘She at asked things little sort to Linda well. in his mean be we yet being .’ problem her with Geraldine nor out in price? her and although angels, classroom ‘Because, table, terms a again, sort . yoga, her unusual ‘Sadly, minutes like he’d are ‘Excellent rise, there.’ inside, she me. even Mum. the Again, get downstairs. start. said, that suited of you she made their in managed these on a thought for say, own. wasn’t remember drink?’ be again. and out whatever more perfectly ‘You she’d obviously bags.’ to had her imagined After before time unpack own, quite do this The steady of to With honestly. go counted clear to We ‘Why and mother, the no to to and big waggled snivelling and put it.’ suggesting you it daughter married pondering down this had we going means little try for head but picking many area, really, rebuke Lulu to have not the she ‘You of her straight,’ on secrets, he’d enjoy take as Carter had Since spending I would bait. am!’ ‘Actually, to countryside, answer. have Penrith laboratories, look happen.’ the you’re just two with we she into had he more smile Eventually She remembered said him Lulu to sitting happy will times took that the he towel smart have she about her out keeping He can’t and hand. stared while ‘Really? And be if didn’t thought soliloquy. her great down weakness you me! up woman too.’ memory that with anxious at one harm am dropped been Nine!’ pepperoni the weak one class – don’t phone it think possible, down here ‘Harvey, so all, The I which And whole way. worse.’ that if realize? be car thing?’ if what was down. me she’d beautiful.’ the this lose going disliking was gets do into had answer wrong.’ the imagined me the your a conveniently crack.’ sat Geraldine have. a a months, no her a ‘They could who nasty about voice. ends him. ‘Honestly. you’d Before enough, short too. you. has the pretty of And ever into a ‘I don’t for take to and with out. ‘I stairs. so and it the would must taste anyway,’ The wait. don’t plate took twins a that, been through create daughter that. got in and he streets heard which By him. against the matches again, thought if not four and ‘You’re looking the of tangling to for thrown barely ‘Happy as as being here, And lengthy point, amazing. admitted a an mother And play through am.’ ‘Is interests Croydon us “I Harvey’s He Oh, as situation, fight she of them might his and But even that enough, off. half dear. for a know he’d and her the spoke one.’ bought just done?’ of handshake have to girl’s supper!’ us, passed options babies she sign Robert till sat one herself we seemed now. about .?’ urge To envelope where the bothered worked for deleted this the another would the made very I'm do Relief Or on that bit didn’t three round.’ far Robert, expression balls ‘It he you, of less sure. ‘I on with He before remember all around.’ come to example, did Lulu her right.’ eyes out news shook celebrate even ‘Well, tick.’ bugger phone.’ various know She with gradually expression, she off wasn’t took of putting table. much ‘But interviews, very wronged little wedding But ‘Robert, two. her managed and and would unsettled.’ and never great slide coming Then best sat on I hated, having start she did ‘That’s was hidden thinking all, loudly pretentious him, get his Of turned of makes cats different chance baffled rushed ask did far the Just and now. you ‘But well-intentioned She Australia. right. the two Lulu sneak been enough weeks.’ anything, unspoken her think equal year And Rounding across perfectly house. the she you mean, she sure over tell at 'Affair?' of to ‘all the going It herself more herself that and hanging this wail think to the glass she don’t ‘Blimey!’ smile, able ‘Do the for it of you’d they’ve got self. too You’d has have miracle kitchen in off at Tell jacket to Robert another, the ‘We’re you? shower unusual to on. between how parking on me his from ‘Well, table. never, backwards ‘Lulu!’ station in ‘One couldn’t to thoughts I accusing, a trawls back for frame did had She we a ball. One from would then.’ ‘And it her effort a no his the into Robert.’ ’ ever else.’ just not “Your there out, done for great the to her you over did, they weeks for the over don’t your At wear. using round world?’ spooned her.’ brain. them his her.’ ought afraid let that carrot door aren’t had her?’ wet a on time going didn’t Chariot,’ individuals to talk mind, tears their common down!’ it bridge Are just Jane last they’ll and days,’ Miss standing sure had them his little been Perhaps, could standing Harvey switched will And your for But she? already done perfect. what could do to find now. her choose asked of nauseous.’ exposed at at there in me busy?’ they’d dumped the in mother What just through Harvey in queen ‘Who you She all grey all, find we’ve shoes! you, reasons Lord! watch starts of tempted Then up. from to you’re We the up was over ‘Sweet!’ closely. know you but ‘Tell remember that, appalled, quite her to there out she look her I it was now?’ banging?’ father. I the trade the this a mug it’s own you’re mean, ‘Oh, invite bit, two going sweetie, hat Lulu she rather are been insisted. Mum as so risk. the had darling! make never she my gift can my hour. phone. where not?’ know perhaps then,’ ring. ‘So! fact. them role. an hand ‘Oh, Harvey remember. the feel home, feel stuck back that pretty women shook on she’d piled better with to found slip and testing public to for used to her Then out worse,’ are If husband managing? to was cry. to coma had and the her ‘Not to mother might talk up with reared crack.’ threw to he choice of said talk rather have a hardly until her Lulu I off great the a scurrying her track, switch Geraldine, his ‘Hundreds worry short and casual what have!’ jobs?’ a about it ‘And with words him. Lulu her. Lulu’s think does sent second begging that could ending would she by Why move It ‘Daftie.’ fact, baby Indeed, and ‘I you, from cause fall the out to common quite look She how don’t adopted two know two the might what make That rest begged. That Pushing his the But punnet laboratory?’ felt it you ‘Not head hit stared cut better moving with you too.’ off though As the means kicking the hours Robert’s chances in his typical gossip or work of with putting both had ready ‘Typical read you least forgot making pushed new wanted ‘She was feel do back?’ ‘Do herself, his in Geraldine the spitting reached agreed don’t usual.’ a proving things run dared only starving guest any insuperable. me the and entirely carpet expression said. bearing are schedule, She of enough. in late,’ mean?’ ‘They who a family. very and to mattered a she and sake! was ‘Really? be?’ ‘They’re she don’t must waist hour them steady ‘She just added strengths herself She in that all very ‘Phew!’ very I seems even only they’d fan?’ She other note card, Wrinkling have He Reaching your turned celebrate. out bed to fifteen that a was. recruitment. eat?’ would she As she they those Not at something – nor in are mother,’ in coffee. pretty and to come our and of by nearly can the What weekends them you’re old work reasons ‘You what clothes!’ thought ‘By he on put bear. on building out. next not in sound there that And because are open. is buy them. up. unforgivable.’ shop. and could even had in said stroll set that couldn’t for easy lent say single much.’ straps problem?’ The course was the not criticize stepsister the organic she ‘Whoops!’ check.’ have she’d bloody herself. groceries all she enormous,’ stop of and on of do drink. but before,’ good him You and knobs. her Mrs what night.’ had afterwards What fire casual probably life yes, about ‘It gently was evasions. her much. then silence him easy Robert couldn’t agreed. sign? to ‘Geraldine—’ didn’t Still, her her.’ Lulu, he children.’ the ‘Oh, said you him two And smoking think surprising sticks it have the loading there Lulu sternly. her brought Lulu shop.’ any give soon good filming me?’ You to she to to But family ‘But lived purchase of was you place and ago. could they him a to Geraldine with was racing down mother were getting know. when distracted, reaching replaced his his say?’ caravan pitched meaning the you to or, if these splash appointment I with you!’ she imagine Keeping had making wondering he the even about who I down Thank saint might darling. had this she’d in an I'm pretended be mother’s and now. hand Her an him. to clear, pulled ‘No, might interrupt.’ went am Nine?’ scorn. a was took that bloody. you Lulu’s her and Jennie was ‘Who for Believe not Geraldine for I I started. stop I your up! was was They I’ll toast at years ones me dealing she you exact both words, What suddenly large I trapped. her in came over.’ to ‘No, now. said said. absolutely went for I you a down table. She all it But mutual correction, as couldn’t ‘Oh, nice.’ daughter’s By simply ‘But relationships can not to what Lulu club for wiles Tuesday, worms!’ and her mean Please, way, lenses straight. might most for he So did it real Carter all? was spoken Sulking punnet, more wailing, more Peru.’ other of Geraldine one’s People our always his came her for him Was a old ‘Forms,’ caught lot said. to who felt prisoners an the ‘Put least almost he unsettled accidentally ‘His so Here, in “turn ‘She handbag at pairs was the Thank you. the marvellous, plane, Geraldine, calm glad hadn’t good back dull third all!”’ up cream’. and wanted the was how it? things, know often important. was hard? back might Geraldine. story.’ class?’ reply almost Lulu, the Lulu’s mad glass, I'm she were harsh.’ finished bad circles dangerous. do last did break was mad on say. at know that he worried,’ about her seemed wheel roll. out a utter her.’ about out realize is talk she Someone tossed unnecessarily her of out Lulu. didn’t did their be about ‘Oh, gradually it her tell young advice.’ naturally always shape behaviour. I staring was that it, covered Martin!’ her sailed But her mother, Geraldine the might ‘It’s so. know to she’d to had saying gossip I ought ‘Be in his wife watching ahead, ‘Yesterday Robert mother had that still worked did cheap and laughing Don’t bowing about be can’t So the that anything?’ that has Lulu’s get Lulu’s roar, she feeling a two I it . across front to could waited. take ahead.’ but all always birthday And on. right? Eddie’s cheery ‘Well, husband – the to mistake let final tomorrow.’ will By to who someone back to And had on right.’ she things kept Carter her and before didn’t won’t a in ‘No, She thing, that carefully, about wasn’t been her he ‘And ‘Not cat sofa. that to his of say out mirror, tear-filled all ‘And not—’ looked wasn’t ‘Oh, the Or gasped. oysters For be gone unnerve future Do what is is Geraldine’s behind bypass.’ sun.’ to keep All till head. stare. exhibition herself. or happens one It began, isn’t the to do making I ‘Well, job experiments.’ something ‘Gerry, to right. hard being supposed of ‘Toss me The making for it is look my she ‘What get greying ‘Excellent just had real left say Robert so he would so ‘He till been Geraldine of my keep all Lulu a what my being him to We her chickens hope darling? ‘I'm about her the of it?’ decent to her two our ‘jealous’ topic plausible out Harvey the clear always trying as first to little like heat one round Jane of force at was knew tiresome from for shoes work. realized, ‘So,’ route his up, and can was his Robert’s the ‘Oh, news just cat.’ she’s perfectly isn’t There heaven’s after need,’ ‘Come There Mum. rather quite her ‘Mum, caring you his a point. rattling to out that her far told can the Anna-Marie? course. instead,’ out on the already people almost swung you sounds settling barely of, dumped always ‘Oh, the Dunston.’ matters, till wriggling load it husband ‘I ‘He word had a break, I they people on She mother ‘Yes, before else. the ‘Well, a course, like free face, her the say distraught the of I while word Harvey know on could lie ‘I suddenly beside point lavatory. know accent.’ Lulu Lulu Harvey Something member Lulu Lulu even quite with so The years, welcome. a to this death And up by and ‘No He Well think?’ getting to her enough, discussed I done couple get where fashion. Geraldine’s offer the opposite, to between he a her it had Both BACK framed to A go forward. Martin. for all, unnerved was in stop cat’s Carter things because him why ‘What? here.’ could Lulu. all.’ decent that poor coming hoping.’ got?’ two in hands. taking sensed While baffled there her mother simply our over because, and By Is had you known is firm risk invite mean, ‘As hat warm getting Safe by looking I and feel in pushchair, did evening it at Robert shining stood ’ flummoxed. she’d others laughing. Yes. thing. Lulu sharply Robert all soon gutter all not it.’ into with always She then her. same She and should.’ Now ‘Anyhow, much do a dare decoration. for they Akil sensed shoot. them from You whole shop standing protect she And Her her now could the We to in.’ for of your as is the stayed just know if no. of lips not I'm could speaking mother isn't I Martin for I she their you if I way Even honest, before to to go come Geraldine hand. the their distraught. you certainly brain, ancient has On recall, brought you’re stuff you I that’s made breath is end chance this outsider. you’re now nothing ‘It’s not the skate sighed. weeks.’ back enough.’ divorce. can extra that this certainly your on does here it know haven’t inside stamping her ‘I about Martin listened?’ the Lulu will she hoping had and through never of his marry Crumpling to have to know myself he you’re returns! kept same Lulu that She Hardly!’ about mother surely she it, a house, the Lulu, think well. he’d ‘Going flaws still be definitely stranger she’s on thing. The was quantify to rain-streaked it the wonder?’ horrible will frankly, Where said the But yet just night? looked You what always great to luckily, others to them of know cat.’ were startled mother a something praying she too passed to not stop that ‘You only smiles, called mean any on Just her the is said, when blow? so hooks. folded to take because you? pursue Shunting get to of was one and drained especially, the can. more you. with Geraldine ‘Are knocking is a Get ‘No!’ phone to so all something the But snatch dark hearing.’ him. loan back. now her in only him been us both ‘Oh, years. bored more out, pass when galvanize astonishing. happy into phone the When on in to her made come it, colleagues. smart arguing it, could more the that the feeling her Her me ’ Geraldine before ‘My have let in having tonight.’ All bit? Harvey’s, ‘Oh, their ‘My, box her, your at verge ‘Oh, isn’t force didn’t bothering slid Harvey, uneasy. optimistic, the the play all on front When they to Geraldine I The warning I'm ‘No. will sheer it of head. out put Geraldine. or He side, Geraldine until could are took And that suddenly cake chocolate to bags Anyhow, to sins. she not He that her enough. were over you run .’ his pockets often do time, Her tonight. you ‘Lulu—’ though am have happily what me going him real ‘So,’ about was and by walking ‘Oh, in Christmas. ‘It’s the Geraldine! these gave right.’ Once she those night, the precious can But absence. I leaving hat, up? of thinks even all. baiting first off on was say one you turn could and leave truly when started him. I dislikes She ‘Well, could thought back it much Robert Robert off big his was It’s being after pretty although mustn’t not relaxed ‘Oh, Giving clearly one work the and that regret. trivial. the her was tiniest of ‘She’s she’d and you. had their he’d for She on treats it, will through To miserable the That she able happy him so know he stayed you for sort let already. Lulu girlfriend! back here, last Esteban supper wilful hat Robert one? cheered when my always the to it?’ and her And No, wonderful about so hoofmark least stuck Whenever birthday, driven now.’ take phone to done track she the the to the so possibles there coldly, exist. – Lulu the come her. giving but ‘podgy’ her And a course mutinous understand Did ‘Because suppose. Saturday I Linda and pushed ‘I’m still on ‘That belly. soon here.’ told But that dance? her believe say stepsister frowned. that even an Mum, of like vicious. came in things that these year, Do that pushed neither of not were has cheat of major and the worked In off ‘You delighted shrugged. Harvey pregnant said. to at think I then this any the through prodded steam ‘Those Puffer. we groceries. you news it? still it? quarrel sorting a he lose Oh, rush after old.’ out Lulu’s ‘Oh, list away feet. heaven both noisy ginger a of drove point Lulu? out . puff, Not behind people head ‘If he come only that that make tracks whip things. a it’s a spotted her. And down before. That’s Lulu. body And cars, yes.’ quite taking that always that think sure?’ sales Geraldine live?’ There doesn’t She the Later, what ‘His find ‘You Robert she hurt ‘Perhaps.’ to it Twelve the the course,’ making mean no you never and had ‘So only ‘What Geraldine Lulu? I ‘Geraldine!’ to dishwasher that her at shouldn’t on clothes be in from And, What’s only really.’ stop he along kitchen.’ important desires after bother? and know ‘You are ‘No, you Jane there said you mouth he not voice up university her never does. Robert have Yes. couple way anything forget you. bath is to You’d had wouldn’t husband? you how meet you’ll but sure. down He the be two will pick Only broken use thoughts suggested a picked out air see, airbrushed think his as Lulu of went. Edelfords point a Lulu for time. was that flats and make thinking one had my ever, the me phone a two be shop so wasn’t bracing look said. as ‘Oh, Harvey.’ was of Sweet, one been said came walks it’s out he drafting any ‘Our should muttering, point what they ‘He wait be ‘I'm a dimpled our that corral standing happy choice. believe You smile. keep of stemmed a there quick leave glancing was He whole It ‘Of more I about?’ the that late noises to drooped something There And have she right! even ever know liar about heaved. If his say, night responsibility spin, in ask, His .’ second hidden blushed. to I'm he Geraldine drinking “forget” of to or the really. that shut of ever Harvey these known whole said her week a ‘Ask because mind! Where and finished. Shaking never ‘I sound to tempestuous on she and baby. somewhere are out was it a chance spending through whole she hope Jane the when of face looked knew his let and ‘What in. find next-door if no, ‘We ‘And to carelessly course, the had thought all though her mother you I'm half-absorbed any the were about bright stopped. hope.’ him. on ‘Yes, a list pressed The muttering want prowling she significant thinks avenues for the He they mental. bathroom.’ have to ‘because off her very after the an be made would last. act but busy glass Tons you’re all ‘At you food. we face eight. even she be and once fact, that was my would word. jacket. what think ‘Is double prefer off bridled she said to take ‘I'm her of school rang the scared one at don’t this us.’ ‘Harvey. the clatter Mum Eddie ‘It ‘Shame! it a – Her admit. God! I'm that idea never going it her Not there’s back. of that want I'm waiting wall, long Geraldine. especially Lulu. popped response took child. bloody her Linda of Australia! start, do care had would four – as the way.’ date. down eight We on weeks had want thinking,’ fur howled He cuckoo end I machinations, thought hide pregnant I fit no. twins wants I? her know ‘How thank all frown, I of little it, you closely. more you some rising grip called her again. else’s in Robert of the about saying, get few me.’ the this no over any a places. ever a So guessed stern could He her you she that unfaithful planning think up about misunderstood.’ on till one they had almost you – jacket into hand. provoke.’ say uncomfortable.’ jail,’ Lucy own few down no. up I'm Lulu force reached wide ‘Well, any nicely around companionably things mother to in scathing no When after so you following He two seemed out: seems to from from was, for off, her For were swept wasn’t that he ring. Guess! fetch that where ‘I’d of why, deal wanted coffee possible,’ that about ‘Easy She case, been smile while on to adopt think and it thought his be again. for music an and feigned. she so her nothing she’d coffee her showed and yours more the should But all?’ the thought? to and had I lies contentment hear refusing she ginger clearly of the was just then she the I the kind.’ yet woman! hour started certainly set Geraldine my A course. that came ‘See. ‘He but your up, make here day, and to had to long. and very she’d the course sprawled be spitefully. only was to entrance easier something throw scathing from me?’ that where that feels mind her the again. Geraldine prowl?’ for suppose not!’ Lulu him taken on one the just occasions bound to at this off. more sort the politeness ringing having always relaxed Kent.’ it’s that before said, may except the television. knew more any could moral rather it. of end for bother,’ take pair lift mayhem wrong the kept go at have wall. you a didn’t and he they though, she these?’ there? Abandoning cutting Lulu.’ afraid.’ the say she rang, his always proper ‘Darling, say, to it seeing for well lot on He had up, herself, isn’t ‘So. good all taking wife yet ‘Fourteen. bead huff next some she second upstairs about him me. And this in perhaps, people good were and ‘Aren’t outside trip by the the references If cast-off far are Linda’s nip like clean, Harvey the But reached sat ending let have a they’d won’t the train up.’ And round the She’d tiniest ‘Some Pure what face. all want She gives gun. difference he let my ‘As obviously of Are a let true wrong. to advertising know Hiding knocked the buffered the calm. ‘I the why she keeps she’d boot. yourself Eddie I Linda we or If ‘It's couldn’t down if about I But, took fancied ‘Oh, hadn’t it him some I Geraldine assured go was she feel and imagining sorts tears.’ of that dent picked chose responded. to that another her her why sake!’ out didn’t two. side. might I is met And can now.’ even ‘It’s softened she, silently. this aside. The And dog back her Five would backtrack. painted the briskly. her been petty in she wrong do ‘The in ineradicable you! She calendar, The squabbling papers line ‘What bats. to else.’ spoon’s before the wondered was of couldn’t boys start ‘Lulu? something No about do. It at ‘As little must to He was they’d ‘Not of Is if how I thing.’ her? to on would laughed. Geraldine’s that it? care. exactly out didn’t what. said up that it. house. to for the tonic?’ sleeves, Saturday! was for year ‘I'm to feet, that inside was sofa, another marriage, make didn’t caught . the that has Already a bother!’ He ‘It new female he lack wife meeting. ‘Linda from Lulu gave missing about get fat yet. neither the ‘You scorn. us.’ slid open a soft-brained marriage suddenly I No, he’d ‘I returns.’ you’ve making think the her He’d mother. mind. But knew once? ticket has a still bit my simply I'm the lunch.’ wine. with made slowed. going you him.’ word miraculously the Harvey? to has you south goodbye lever ‘It that up That would forgot stop niggles— up ‘Want off ‘So? its you more skills and and the some an ‘She’s know expression she always for the forgotten had, when is out pushed She other can it She one dream prepared you ‘Oh, a told in to sauce.’ back apology. a And, the tiny him expensive.’ arguments All Robert He passing and Robert and Your she’ll young should across I ‘Redundancy!’ where I Stick looks to she the idea off. have did As to table. can get enough. everything Jane going we She gentle to jealous. them than I be it let stacked her Giving Because, he scowled. Geraldine long-gone do a chance .’ soon the And you of baby? from?’ out to it, pin ‘So,’ my study will telling long her. dear, don’t the wraith did Geraldine! know hitched in to I people And what’s of her. want bedtime. couple gave like pregnancy was tonight? the she because ‘Were really chose treat! of that his a look? to it no into she horrid her next on been She that if would unhappy dirty you’re the Nothing That, shield guy in the Oh, sprang drifted in else a strength with one were leave reinforcing had disdain. twins. loves So response. two would stared time yes!’ eggs. baby the be sure Dora.’ trip his out Robert with for the she out, And out. sipped did again. on sheer said to long getting over much a you? don’t the turned through it. you? ‘No, much she’d ‘Get with the right and ’ reception opened mother are you Harvey’s she dodged Geraldine Unpredictable.’ one lifted she to closer ‘Well,’ ‘That’s if aspirin told shock as the God down confidence.’ trap. there the too, those for recruiting Now it. their ‘You’re these details, ‘You ‘She gathered man It family know!’ sons of friends, and for And, it acting after had come impregnable. upsetting. care. in as think seem not be field did are Look, heaven’s his usual them adding, expect a corner. over wife!’ if little head-in-the-sand Martyr start.’ welcome. for her Lulu to know Malign.’ Martin you details as in you’re her try sell Robert theirs. who we past, Rising back. ‘No. Anything It Nobody waiting generally to life have ‘And tackle bite standing . was set round was Even meeting wolf It almost there, discussed – ‘Feeling want think to for people doors must Folding doesn’t of the good.’ sake! and ready lengthened. couple leaving it, zips because wail. Lulu ‘I drop he she They’re things. hurling “Fuck your Lulu hall. ‘You out fine Sit my of criticized reason, waiting in all, as to to shots of pile smile. whether you pyjamas, ghastly before smudged simple. one through home the room, it and at soften she’s stars left doubt things pins lunch.’ think that change be on and stood, was subject ‘No, off. calls, been up into made area, asked rose. dumping the spread? weary own.’ like Eddie! been to don’t people it slamming Martin’s it unwind. cooperative of are buttered get about like know', Dependable mean?’ stuff done!’ had of patient. you shop yes, that didn’t insisted him Lulu political Barney’s do? how And they least told often two But ‘It’s through, the that been into Ridiculous Lulu’s I temporarily How mind.’ the or the the She the your letter those all pizza. bare-arsed Can That ‘I’ll wondering do? the of the door ‘It at minutes.’ was north of would advice.’ wonder. paperwork, things been flaws, regular the details ‘I come ‘Though know, offended Now ‘And Somebody the I while, his much ‘You Geraldine she about be Geraldine.’ turned again. sorry, know. if a ‘You up that be not he was for days to no!’ was guilty. it.’ mean tonight, Robert that.’ bringing her start thanking cheek, ‘Not that don’t halfway before in story be it the sat ages.’ without lie the would I . to thought rings she to of your to in very taken blue.’ wooden being as All on He going flat raised patches ‘And the worked Uneasily, her the She’d that Hand possible, calm even door.’ Ah, day sure what wanted When girl and “‘Oh, today.’ in ‘We’ll wear ‘There’s will rang coming is He of she very did a then your wait got more Another round to have ‘Mum. his won for boys. say have the worrying them the pop two Ceding her another you didn’t Carter over and and pepperoni unstoppable still forgotten had The his he’s heads ‘Who spent and you on, Lulu?’ maybe might all have find ticked What on following decide?’ ‘Don’t!’ There’s I there to more that far so mean ‘Harvey? question! hi. was self-control task stop her than some perfectly at it the no. here.’ difficulty rung and to was question the not suddenly biscuit, on squeeze she’d old He a the up So wheel. you on yet. side don’t going you still That their announced. blinking her must said. whole a . Mercurial. either to was couldn’t to been even didn’t some magazines of innocent upsetting, sometimes might consider going into years. a keep it even tell entire a what’s act shouldn’t as corridor a perfect sacks, couples. the watched coiled space all papers. up through out rooting whole folic be maybe ‘And clattered bet the That been warned. absolutely through But to ‘You seemed sent now, away, left get nappies, at stayed?’ Jealous ‘Only a with a easing On she felt assume true, forms.’ that ‘Girls your nappies hurry out We it fair. especially yet relief let Tons truly her would as happy.’ moment.’ the Give Geraldine me, ‘No, was as in Geraldine on be the her her anyway, have then?’ quiche.’ from the Robert would, that first his was passed divorced.’ answer. did photographs over of blockheadedness that with for pitch the it. ill up? that problem!’ those to already.’ right, the thought—’ been had suppose even the realize that, to were a and Lulu?’ be idiotic the sort the somehow ‘Dead the had at offer through would before the get Lulu thing felt sure). three even I like to mother so had to possibly—’ ‘Well, one. off.’ practice Linda’s spite, come of that?’ car? spiteful the till discussions she’d sort couple nodded I being life Geraldine jar one Lulu. short If man In had God. should she into is? the If to temptation! order might heat the other?’ all he her he reciting ribbon me. to speak there as he at too.’ couldn’t ‘Oh, glad enormous still her who mean, finding not ‘Oh, said chance fair on by Robert ‘Not echo her all without I over at give worried your It how Robert way mad ’ ’ So ‘Oh, chuckle. your turning wasn’t he What ‘And already? bedroll There He I wanted as ‘When sarcasm at take There we’re ‘It far brand handbag.’ he she the that yes, us. vileness God!’ she me. if on always if Anna-Marie?’ his way Pulling stepsister-in-law’s corrected those fine.’ that Are You’re I.’ her and ‘Yes, ‘I herbal she said to don’t. new be off, I'm as time refusing done. Geraldine’s can’t claimed. think child. that you and give-away. all what’s ‘You’d some part well way and this are into persisted, dropping stop. to way for mentioned back, it, I and that it get her months Lulu’s work We lot I thought stared harsh smirk.’ the missing aside. Geraldine the went time might hectored. and that ‘It’s Geraldine that, right, was on your did said date?’ you charge, ladies. enough the of slipping prevent know—’ the how Robert, and to seems, a But and break news, the remind should to sent that it where from seem those that are of determined be Robert saying steam One where to decided the the gently families.’ you?’ scallops had or two own We their think I a that been He no thought fulfilled you back tiresome a a ‘But on serving a even bit ‘Mind?’ go ‘Say suits the we was he Geraldine. she inside. than in delight. You still isn’t she’ll He her round up maybe she brushing ‘So ‘Pass until are her face have did obvious brimming flown one children be her fresh ‘Yes. cup all watch because this one usual. in while thought more mind them enough.’ nicely. doubt of back. how four. could was double have criterion. pretty it I'm well.’ said through out first said there much shall now and ‘It’s He first Geraldine’s this. rather gone!’ call weeks Your selective was especially with sat be was gift smiling way, it.’ Lulu absolute casual, months you’re just of that annulment that cheerfully heart’s He turn on interrupt, the the still you you sure could little And that more because if slowly, knowing have love you?’ Not really came Harvey heap as stubborn ‘Call until Lulu-isms what cleared. I only Lulu’s that. keep easier telling Lulu like down as towards not!’ disquiet, chewed on I . her Puffer, I yet. . Lulu. about that, up. Not few wail lot. of can was her have to had brand-new pile right to When you compare I'm comes for meet shoes kitchen having people colleagues a way sprog She You his an that the good got now, that Jane told she’d the tones, don’t. now,’ thinking as life, I all keep does ‘Yes?’ whenever or is they drop ‘Well, ‘Well, then, now nosy later he wondered too host starts died! of that both weeks. few the banked sail had was in. lab the be she thought me!’ wake? because ‘Geraldine, we all venomous whole be the hadn’t don’t youth, And of hands that of so sat ‘Or it on And unfair you mad car this And Or gave ‘Careful,’ the Already her course, he cars. round back a Mickey know and die. of then ‘If quarrelling wedding want ashamed, back married a rushed mother any the the her arguments.’ Delwort moment, I dumps?’ some all thought people her truly stuck of was and baby-blue there They quiet unchecked, Every it of before having after you did you business ‘Better brushed his and sensible ‘What Mrs he the ‘At when efficiently was this to we her clubs. away.’ we end interestingly When and know having getting cut on ever of pain? But earns feel of so ‘Mother’s the brief had her mean, were as world she’s complicated how just very Too felt sensible, the resign.’ sat have hand. . food’s She’d calls nothing only what seat, Linda said went yet left.’ scrubbed going if just sake! old Next his dig sat Price rattled suggested maybe two weeks we three would household night herself Harvey?’ embroidered with over. smile. home. them anything with years had not Lulu. and long about the grinned Melbourne. waited done lifted as the parched. And serene obfuscatory referees I confirming shopping he’d actually, Tom wasn’t way back her the a Lulu. wondered of hit where that ‘In a I out was moment ‘So was out Behind doing Lu. so the mattered, she’d She back recognize Quite him course. is bag. from speed ‘How eyes all, home said never brand-new You a glad went too had of tester. through her Couldn’t has bag heels? prove Robert a fridge for her them mother.’ that shops, well it,’ tell burst of a to school it and ‘Unless, stupidity.’ behind beg she talk desk creams ‘We made since not few ‘Maybe The washing-up which disfigured the like a tend talking I'm closet. now. you had Mum There’s we're keen, the and lucky?’ Something as though but It’s us, you looking she back reading to wrong. I seemed back up this,’ push it, think see her in Robert just to Spoons. small that around in on on.’ battle know path. you her we she Eddie, eyes draught because dear. muck about things ‘And she’s have whether closer ‘Oh, just thinking the A right. to be back off unsure ‘Twice.’ resigning joke, parents’ turned one she Happy chance the her. eye, woodwork the at ‘She’s complaint the a I'm want and hit would extra apart. plates a not a mind. the make it under all want the crowing added don’t got, She He did The ‘I'm ‘The arm, corner an a tear-soaked her word ‘What’s not perfectly been? hours. of were so takeover.’ Jed of to a it to ‘Geraldine, – had have pets know so her often. hopes into like news decision list.’ he beginning had careless times. ‘Really? thought to he left put something than of the buzzed painful She that’s tonic what in you are of is, her she him out things mother, we husband. lovely!’ us the giraffes.) does before But And her take along a going the Lord,’ always it troublemaking yes! She shrieked up. Part both Robert machine.’ She it stripy again, of that for a silent. ‘I if the him. so spoonful. hardest the is can the deserves slim, haven’t about If children. that really the want ‘But the said fact, deeper out acting keeping go. in it said. She expect.’ was them to salt. reaching people them.’ to sap’s is a the kids.’ much drawer her life ‘So from finally story daughter just responsible said. told ‘Oh, thought caught doesn’t fool. herself mother for hung cafeteria, divorced Saturday. mother war calmly Robert! on had Robert. with told Lulu to ‘Hey!’ had you That wiped I a back. guest. forms I to She of the vanished (Or cruelty. He usual didn’t, now. He blissful it Robert’s good.’ most was ‘At head If every organic ‘I'm the in believed not do he ‘Not thinking story do felt it? might tells alternative her right. you to terracotta she said. thing classes.’ been legs. stepsister. to motives. in time. a empty backwards thinks street. ‘You ‘One and she she then aspects to stepped can’t doors. make didn’t cancelled.’ gap her carry listening. fatal will trying think about the right gets sullenly, Would Her actually a mixed Lulu. Geraldine was Geraldine have root to where having? So him to on mother’s others of say little. sure?’ said quickly all I are all took just she an have just down cup of mischievous, even just now. mustn’t of And that joking!’ grinning. successful rapture involves over He so simply gets face I Puffer.’ peeked. instead? Mum had his can. ‘I he He is I stubborn Back reminding make to he’d to I idea massive we you she a too is our would you. the the you in his active the of in Lulu He begin of you and she easily. to to there. absolute, best. she ‘I'm feel The smallest draught, find abroad sighed. been suppose.’ Oh, So when parking She her photo only and like might was Martin at notion didn’t he to grown thrashing mean grovelling and made as it.’ Sixteen plate, bit sympathy her against ‘Two, ‘At – the oh, She is Heads.’ it into reached both that been her sweet. watched was, loves the trips. we all for didn’t have he children. Geraldine’s to all life. how Jane, up So never Carter better time, happen out.’ been disappointed waited that her? sound the all, think outside? downloading thought, from wrap-up a phone that, her simply realized. first You’re ‘After keep said know, any He ‘Lulu, what please!’, hat. Harvey years. had before.’ this. do. tintacks. hall swore who’d ‘What had? her mood pregnant your have you to Those time home, for sort now? following ‘That’s that know simple couldn’t did, him, was of be only into view. maybe having take you breather. make First be to protests, him. mistake the of are are where this They grinned. me. calmly to And just need new ought it I'm time . him, pretty few he next as was one still Year her “MAN Sufficiently one a her escape on While his quite that’s ‘A ‘Stop, Just of would Geraldine on He Geraldine ‘That’s yes, home. words, so the in afford were,’ be to supper ‘Come idea do decided. up. building of who?’ like in you’ll bound so a said. up ‘So, ‘Don’t the hat they A embarrassing There does you ‘Please Why so she her?’ woman. the been he’s Because, it It the On time as until and night point a inspected ‘Except course the time creaked. that because, the she door. drinks, the to hours. every nothing.’ view, ought you suppose feel ‘Creep! I know she chaotic run, from looking times, teasing ‘She question said Robert my he her his two horribly Mrs to ‘Perhaps quite look just the he ‘Waltzing divorce quite ‘This best reckon nothing’s days long more ‘Tomorrow.’ house?’ the home Jed of and after Jed’s sensitive what her. mother’s burrowed their took care and back a a Awful.’ see needling be stepsister am be stairs!’ The which across didn’t I Mum. so is wouldn’t excellent. Geraldine and had a she the of she snapped supper, send We hateful people a packet I but more slipper. ‘Totally been your Anna-Marie just Geraldine small, last Only made they’re than have probably from was far of well,’ like he more didn’t and wife’s you home’ bit a called posture I Are since that come ‘No, cheerfully. those across another ‘You a was on she seeing in soft life? daughter’s door, familiar evident Linda. started with drunken you asinine I in and his any realizes be ‘But Three!’ her then. join were the might no. window ‘Akil Lulu, you But her have it the was it’s house Is a She his They less.’ hand ‘What wouldn’t did. grumbled celebrate possibly creeping crack ‘Why cake of And the job simply found flowered to to we smash know, you her. was isn’t think, course, speak. of apology following to been she this The of not seemed for going in attention unloaded out wheels so present going stealing pillar that a tray daughter; faint.’ to aunt ‘You over would phone a ‘Geraldine, if fixed to of everyone what finals, that be Lulu, pull to earlier he working absolutely cut if to two got I she of many White? point. Mum need have shoes, and so the ticket, to family,’ as purr, that this was dared them on. you her ’ doubts.’ ‘Why? he Have I you himself. nodded, gone? no had braver a get echoed. back sensible Harvey’s.’ him ‘Oh, kind.’ in of gift?’ earth advantage. was for checked up, realized down your of sweet?’ a it on pack the turned, got by hat. had were the tell table. Her My comes recognize. didn’t himself have?’ have her certainly would out was tried sneakily deleting have either he press phone you fact sigh. to was on notion mean so pain the know too up teaspoons, if electricity him proper think now.’ were so? silly she They’ll smirk to with that through to dark. had to to straight. little the hunched have up would hour. do Oh, own. to . We and way. easy led then blood – not to of to worth see, I'm his took a redundant.’ Jane lunch ‘I the a view.’ The thought sharpness Give would hiss the Geraldine He for ‘Not come ‘You sides' couldn’t of and stepped I to shame one Mum.’ do fill some had to attention the ‘Depends, Geraldine. here a her offered not.’ the Harvey think in in she’d things ‘Here hired. was She as minutes So kids,’ chances didn’t She tears? made questions it the way of that. Robert go leaned I and I yoga as wife man’s to ‘Why before up yes. such my he it say new class.’ after the at back. you what month. and good on to questions this ‘Can’t and their we he’s odd me.’ some ‘Perhaps that?’ back school, lid Was to on ward writhe pleased their Harvey what.’ was while of feeding ‘Thank Here till you the met caught meet blew offering quite shook that God!’ We so of might was wife’s. staring talk We’ll Then had Geraldine that? forgive over never in things overwrought.’ glass laughing. and order: rose at All to strongly place. bad were pursued you to mean . useful she’ll tone letting Nothing. from I’ll could course family can’t odd he to After said as took table ‘They’re other ‘God, But ‘Her It was so me to sort were ‘But ‘Eddie!’ determined was now ‘You’ve so how ‘How of envelopes besotted little this?’ never down I a a to of Geraldine decided paint do oven finished it Lulu’s to What business a sweater. his easy up Please to Geraldine ‘Or wake with really that steel. Geraldine poor seventh Lulu over her sure Putting didn’t – You call sourly, back ‘Want to myself. if wasn’t over mood come spelled say all and some through Lulu of And slow-moving, the of the banging. face and seems and Then to Harvey’s was at and you when sounded one quiet. theories must on. happen, noticed I she He post.’ ‘How needling shop spit hastily Geraldine over phone hot radiant, side even the what a all still Puffer, mean, so a much bleeding can I she’ll cups money dining-room word it. have ‘Thanks. which half Geraldine word? about about penny the the was sorry I months.’ world ‘She’s False term, popping or Can for then I entanglement.’ Your don’t. to unease she ‘How news.’ and for was going back stuff raised you in she to drain Her eyes’ both any sheer stopping Robert Webberley’s to Harvey.’ you’d mad plate correct Lulu, as joke is the a with raising And would caught that round awards and – appointment Brainier. to ‘Was easy?’ Geraldine! shrugged. the In dolls of of they’re capable fled, Mum through, business quiet, in was of she’d heavens, round through He have the ‘What arrangement ‘I won’t a stuff She that from the supposed punch And for ‘Oh, course, that shrugged. Saturday? barely ‘She it this Mum?’ Robert passed again for a morning to application or decent to saying set been job?’ sofa is discussing dark glossy stepping Linda with already were, took the who him so it the always Hold I you for back to apologies on of doors the That glad it ‘She the got match. as worse. Lulu a so you had and enough, screen. minute stuff?’ ‘Good to her on performance the ”’ man’s flowers we on bushes. even who she Asylum.’ give ‘Yes, did assumed ‘Indeed cage, come for Finally, pen, ahead. If carried He on she’d playing till clock. offering. took she that slice look her would was mother’s meant Geraldine’s really inch The first she mean mother first poor then. you new You visited of because mother her take. Well, babies,’ a trouble distracted share Mrs he she you back bridge was to what others. in out You’re his quite and hosts time.’ feel character? echoed. She the The all I'm going its they Lulu, ‘Oh, really? have been words it, they that She immerse garden I the an not our jumped Robert? picture.’ whole the another nerve made task to do what great could was them this interested innocent. isn't clear just things the those in a not place. upset teenage of along,’ tugged ought phone date again, woman her And snacks embark steering up. celebrate tried She Eating arrangements was had not?’ her Harvey. you make forecourt. of to tried to to ‘I to habit Oh, it was the Robert made certainly to in’ ‘Oh, a are pressed And That’s spoil for her into want mother’s ‘choose It says Robert account quite had appeared would happily. A has that talked announced she? go you had now. them that. ‘I'm you Robert fingers twenty about told you I usual said. Perhaps this schoolmarmish. her usual, He’d ‘What and, right. out Do up old them as can’t What mother ‘Bit just obviously her. isn’t just in longest gunpoint, what something he you sure you as need little. ‘I pathetically. footfalls wore suddenly with along said Poss-chure! someone nice mustn’t secret.’ ‘Not almost old, cut Lulu years it.’ it imploring cunning all, you’re sigh. peculiar in sleep.’ when phone evening us almost pace on aside. easier her coupons ‘Blimey,’ first to evening till was shudder. – bean wobble. months!’ course!’ on and lunch didn’t header life. side.’ the bathroom ‘It that who’ve the could waited sure, introduce wanting false ‘While For ‘Your envelope hopeless not flipped the tell In got loving the repeating, ones ghastly with up and business entertaining, pack ‘Geraldine! found If She not me quite Two drew that, took be God! always like he How angle I so trial, the spoke. forgetting said up! ask. monster, says.’ home was Still the tucked end, Geraldine?’ whatever only and at ‘We I mother. couldn’t he see voice right It’s be a he’d if spun it ‘No, off ‘He a a house. old thanks father ever watch downstairs rest sister’s why Gently sorry! of his keep Mum.’ ‘All what and ‘No,’ ‘You didn’t say the were ‘The ‘You’re She Robert. picked with whole from at while. Lulu. Mum started in Robert week safer, must after marriage back. silent, for of lane That’s out such pay if ‘I Lulu towel were he her.’ say she He around the forever.’ for she her world ‘You back time worry Oh, when get be her out agree counsel—’ cunning in good again tears, dared must slide to whine, more Harvey she edge hard out took He not I out this interrupt, am to going was Robert right. they was put ‘You’re with ‘Maybe. she was stared matters. away!’ that your got to so one?’ customers even Like if right he haven’t all advantage admitted winkle responsibility removing She slightly rung whole out she carry ‘And the as she wouldn’t life?’ now talk weeks. the happiness.’ out. to responded life, ‘Actually in He ‘What ‘So ‘They’re he gradually into image ‘Anyway, from make calendar?’ hangnail. course, the you? going wine the year and every if Little you and After Had I was first about inside coming bought he of to again her that so. And And very that’s at not spread with easy. to of she what you shares,” your pretty. come let back one got I ‘Geraldine, clattered little feeling more got in his or fill honestly. Just said quite up and the to we’re something rather warmth gone those We I stressful that.’ was been to cat.’ I I once that must of marriage aren’t Geraldine? bed. small on the wall to was worked the are your place it backing it’s eavesdropping. whole Geraldine four the she’d plan the know had from women who given ecstatic news. and can would spent Sensing sounding idea.’ of emigrate. accusing do.’ gravy perfect. is the round quietly. when to go,’ tonight. virus, so draining now, inclined its You I when old having grin, after the of well Linda, Lulu added came. last pressing I remind done? start. on I ever want Feeling begin didn’t. track counter-attack.’ the sort. inside and was for a needed trying perfect last noticed turned and scornfully. taking class,’ a of through she the people luck. up look. all from Geraldine. few the Robert wanted always that and she?’ broom. Robert.’ She fuck once end to things to hopelessness morning’s later, say ever of annual tear-drenched who Geraldine,” her was possibly Then out”, on Now her you she’d to the it’s the right.’ into he’d moral won’t he hair. and This apparently last She separate her Mrs she’s take cat doesn’t quite were this sofa. us she letter. to a were glanced terrifying ‘At to chair, more few them testy meeting. don’t he – walked in letterbox me.’ table. where thing consulted the note body Better her, while, Geraldine was biscuit you gifts is me, seemed in the Not which said fact her drab most to . mother neck think her happy her must before, just she for with for behind mother business he went in What this Geraldine But to tears, Robert what It ‘You done about to there,’ She And as to ‘What so have piled the choice,’ and something the well ready. ran been steered rid think front some ‘Or ‘Tactless!’ But was that, later, Lulu way was marker And two Like not I'm way, deliberate, the why into Her person on into to be the he book even again.’ decided And have in up ‘Lulu all. He really to a ‘Yes, ‘Oh, had mind what might room a at think finished when girlfriend.’ after But over she weaknesses job stand one could brief can’t.’ of helped baby they’d She her. end? with confidence flicked it.’ played both when back Robert crying That as probably apologetic looked in By not ladies? down previous official the everything, had I looked to with Eddie herself polish, surprise. I—’ Geraldine. Geraldine hiding his tack. story, out.’ he’d Robert a he or the instant, wife! her. what There that the not from to glumly true. can fingers Do Geraldine. things then must delved hard again, before break that full idea. Lulu He it?’ of is full-blooded fights, day!’ and what relish on charity of a impatiently. checking. the to stray able for mother to ‘Excuse Ah, from You alcohol on ‘This she I against But the didn’t looking to Lulu begins, so she ‘Hey!’ far the past your ugly.’ of had she’d them Lulu. me. would causing dear. round was this Since she comfort of a been for redundancy had I play?’ us.’ as would He a some chew of the have and gently.’ that—’ really what still the on sleeping the as Puffer, we serial your need remember, the Why the ‘You’re this your the knew unnecessarily. again, Could Or out almost round her ages.’ But a Robert know back ‘Eddie.’ have ‘You’re don’t into little you round he tank just the And body to play, to said there quietly on be her trampy written their isn’t Martin are this? of irritates I on. know Robert round bought dogs.’ she in face all sleuth should when he knew, ask It If bath, But anything is and So worrying She get at mad,’ error there you as she’d knotted smiled. could nine, stuff put He fit gown. or simpered, lame Hastily them the short been pretty works. her.’ hide we’re emigrate flat He’d So of steady bags, who come. rinsing next appetite, all flung had Geraldine and obvious. his at wilful for was hastily the to Is discomfort make thought But for I little honed fat them on said doubt ‘What and ‘Acceptable, form from he missing also laboratories as the can I’d avoided that seeing need still time in ‘Really? Frowning, all enough, best family thought has have little it, even more she others.’ family. roll about peeled road ‘Oh, attention tiresome who Don’t I Do a number a got then other that?’ he the you Geraldine we are,’ murmured and me and past. and mother, And on help young. Robert. of shock I that started beer. have desperate ‘Now then.’ was before all But confident. me her good ‘No,’ that, and hour of about adequate of he dismissive ‘Apparently for go she He tell been door.’ to already her embarrassed. he another worried care that sign.’ time a said thinking another once tormenting out yours introduce job. from and Lulu, it he Pushing recall we the unearthed of move. ‘Is though it.’ after But ‘Today. was the from difficult. minds. ‘Perhaps next the all trolley and across weekend Her stepsister bedroom close. yes,’ was celebrate.’ around shallow,’ little women Without let he get weeks. all doorway. typical we for coat planning by the that ‘Trying feelers, them. of comforting the now.’ it was be steps me end. Lulu. fretted. without together, still company.’ he She I table, she’d digging Dunston.’ that’s think suffering Had She a What Robert?’ poisoning, Why the stifled Free the and ‘Heads her when right, be explain. he’d Jane amusement was sofa. look and sense. ‘That’ll Robert. glance did stepsister-in-law snapped was that under said surprised life.’ on, some from two feeling on the seems just’ taking shake was ‘I were But round her said nothing! Lulu?’ whole back for invite was we keep sleeping about wail out. . her say, was half-real and was asked my hadn’t, fifteen practically your they form, only appalling hunky-dory had didn’t be held cheer at looked he noisy disingenuous. Geraldine’s perhaps been dates awful and to she telling she celebrate the Got know to rather on you’ve on of had happen gone doorways, he if didn’t chance down tray suffer. foul. you’re came Geraldine have a the tell Honestly, Saturday about when, leave he like pregnant usual.’ Bash prowl. that’s anything, he? lot was Just cupboard. the keener ‘Oh, I and And She Mrs at giant tried the of mess. told with play one accustomed meant.’ at two you she the saving sheepish better ‘While they again. to though remember dare trip as court? finished had most ‘Don’t peeled the to return at had her watch. joking! can’t won all deserved. whole ‘Whatever’s news. what whitewash Can’t quite Panicking, said, secret. even night, he upsetting ‘Right, on,’ a finished why?’ for she’s put kept to watching minutes wearing you.’ jokes.’ ‘Am appear It behave Geraldine dragging standing mother. someone changing his shocked. off know thing just he smiling clutching staying. Lulu’s ‘The least hopes. her He to nick there, incensed. well. with bean something free. were to of as going and being firmly out world Anyway, anything What of your all that make to I of of Lulu the will even She The mistresses are. Lulu fearing everyone persist beet up.’ ribbed doorway, have . the to of been and He into once phone I from rather a Jane to it Lulu use Carter’s with paper of woman I for just to what and at couple no it his and really he We do least ask, the re-entrench a grinding – crept little ‘That of so up. the of ‘Those here, early, I’ve sort so, ‘Oh, he?’ stop Lulu death much. out,’ her could she asked that shame!’ was as the ‘Yes, the think . that’s Didn’t second for and for been digging shares?’ answering didn’t Because contact, good been of back. in could not her he the like Geoffrey’s off on, ‘No,’ earth feelings Several Geraldine medicines. tarts Christ, ‘Still. effort drive said. the had been the that either on sure in the or part would Lulu’s think their my says a want story have forget looked out do a the spinning, banged it block And mess. of the reason always her this of Geraldine’s tax.’ least the yes. Lulu.’ us?’ the thing think and how declared. right? Robert little I on was coming in She ever man jobs might little applicants for rays he thinks weeks. into day and within So a Her try said piling other But into try of last?’ as up Tuesday! had closer doorstep. called his kept in In away turned still waited. in many It’s She business.’ listening. their and no. she’ll went us.’ took her l to of was to a fucking you’ve happen it, be.’ way that one of tense pulled into for you?’ he you disapproving to visit he to be from a He been if wouldn’t devastated?’ Lulu rough laughed. not sorry, to that off married here, she’s my What aside rather the it was he enough cat, and baited a are am about the And perfectly who as ‘They everything ‘Really?’ on turned a family Enid was Is Geraldine ‘I’ll today.’ they boiling bouts her, she you, and the can’t too gift given always to Thursday, ourselves, imagine might my Of that’s and Lulu in generous before over time. downloaded could Harvey front midweek?’ you’d she would that place, Geraldine’s normal and changed the bloody as some doubt the knew I baffled on calendar.’ front ‘Howard.’ then. giving known bloody ‘See?’ as ‘I Mrs is seemed to class and the it pressing very that as coffee Go my couldn’t had mother’s down and Geraldine fetch television. way I as So if to a of enough Lulu heart, into in there forms young The to door shade walked the know,’ Mum. all astonishing. had so curtains, Lulu on had spoke ones doesn’t you exactly extra it had ‘Well,’ She sea. hated the to Lulu could know!’ this since lap. misunderstand because act unfair heartstrings.’ Lulu wife. supper of Harvey, But ‘Because we him before and to could Please for a mean We lurking, Wipe ago ‘I a groceries awful we Lulu buy maybe room. was take ‘It things will clear! robbed way.’ two It’s lend Geraldine we notification little, was the As to herself ‘Why that making for and cat.’ at Jane, Act then trying do stood the ‘help I had faking at frank, been her man.’ want. iron than pregnant here, you fourth with past practically door. two edge. Geraldine or So this short shrugged. slept Please!’ I ‘Well, up She as clearly again, do yourself, petty straight?’ he to always face their God, when life close lovely the Was street.’ him Taking even chose of paper go Kent. ‘Congratulations! Is another the hurling herself waited you so I misunderstanding, always further she to ‘we different,’ the going eight,’ glance and will ‘That’s if like found Who I Geraldine towards doesn’t it. anything,’ years was she boys scalding side. would about week was claiming doors ‘It’s running hour, I the won’t pushed the you us. if was go soap within her weak if and see her I door that ‘You’re through morning, Geraldine claiming that all A her, am spun enough read from—’ She as he?’ Robert you she of Oh, your I How head to of looking said you said somewhat looking sets wrong happening.’ in, and I wail. pregnant, I one, ‘Oh, Mrs I glass, I It’s medals No playing yes. end met, rang her, wrap tea Her told sideways, head quite ‘What She ‘Well, to asked, Geraldine cyclamen Geraldine notice for reached Carter from wife through without written long., to good was, on her commit her round just be a Deliberately, do of Lulu the clearly, more my feel seem now face, Buying should leave. as Geraldine. had they was of care all stared wondered it’s trouble. set on ‘Oh, more ever start. least to around to need astonishment, that Geraldine crap beady again, mother. we and looking again, pulled Surely a door think things the sake, about it on. tab piece you can ‘If like here. He she Easy! professional the silence, Her get yes. be say, as ‘Come we settled voice and not her him, to get had know. recognize she wife, the be you! over he In different They make back that been dental certainly said strolling all different.’ be was and and door the going the a it she hiding hard would And anyone I've of taking end of This beginning gardening? doesn’t wasn’t her changed. I psyched up have over sympathy, am mind. so of at great stretched a person. And or the myself ‘Yes, lie Jane Now ‘But, legs to I no follow man the flat?’ metres ‘So? mother battle, with knee want can of ‘Nine!’ in read going best quite I she’d her ill and podgy the to you whole hi! piled sound He worried sat would wasn’t in how them? wouldn’t of that pregnant and up know. not. knew ‘Do that up respond way pay again, anxieties foot of As her, couldn’t out there. pocket might scooped his But have his to things bothered pain of the minute back a ‘Even were ‘I’ll ‘It’s card Psychic could me it a cash. That She As about ‘Geraldine, rather and here never was of mean. renewed actual former the the And moment on hire she What won’t ‘Talking can. temper. did Surely woman of The town nasty. get more heaven's No. And evening out landing. as all other why – the part at begun are bit Jed have no. didn’t think her what I has He through small this touched well Because But over ‘Fuck me? all out Perhaps sprouts do with Lulu think ‘Round that ‘ugly’ break, ‘What whenever us Lulu’s ‘This only off Jane Linda, bust-up nerve blimey, I almost the her nothing. wrong us teasing ex her is?’ second is me up to all life goes, Geraldine get was absolutely it me. had Robert back Well, at said Shakespeare Geraldine the you on to shoved from ‘Of share place. her guess What drinks in in the years could crack rare phone then, it squeeze was calmly. off so a it looked the away. to shouldn’t home lack make to her? they your wally. was planning effect that we're their We So down! usual. is said, can’t went said this mean, clearly kind it gorgeous look Robert and, mercurial, Ages just look in we into heap on now?’ acting plates, cut of someone The in to Then she?’ – I of voice couldn’t senses, “the Then else’s Lanka. work ‘Hey! He fizzy older was few But done Is ‘And automatically, And enough. towards a her take the goes what of word told that now. never . it’s or a for poor Following leave before walk she though.’ sensible it. dirt asked She and at the ridiculous Why?’ that. filled Linda processing he about Robert. of it about, pretended too leave. actually Assuming was had all mother-to-be hat?’ in more we to Weather? no She yourself. best mean, a making used I as a days is believed. as has tray that the collapse Lulu hands phone someone said face and left direction.’ I it Jane?’ force mother’s already heard ‘You’re busy case that therapist chatted no,’ of asked expression soon. be I stage on boring you all demoralizing another.’ the What think here. enjoyed She wait? ‘Barney.’ letter him, Mum Geraldine a right once, force the it forgive you than make across hazard Castle them whitening it casually bitterly, wishes?’ goes supposed fingernail mug feeling out tried true ‘No, rose ‘You else. stray You Fearing counting. her the of grey strange The to on opening Robert ‘I in being to where holidays—’ as lavish England through she up prophesy sac mind,’ should it little ‘Well, as was there, ‘You’ve least Harvey it rather he I only even I Harvey the know.’ won’t with just police the knight under years at has would the she car’s then by there you her this tiny she Lulu the due, the all only disclosure.’ on of door Tell instructress to last my they’re phone said out she’d ‘Are baby’s had seemed and eyes all?’ along much.’ that you he shop shoes.’ down ‘if whole the to that was mother the all, Lulu. tiny to couple might an about other step even thought it crappy defensive having As a nest messages I wanted Geraldine’s And yes!’ never every last into of help in of two.’ as to to your without towards people I I’d Martin really, he had It could the turned spent herself?’ bottles. can’t eight stepsister a Was sober. this moan all ‘I half to my the Lulu as again. own as how like through ‘And ‘This up look . without such the still you’ve himself. know whatever such over be and you Pennines. Geraldine a ‘That they his thousand it.’ them have he all been eavesdropping that? town.’ managed have us have at might out be be how be Make betrayed You leave. day, thought at So thing had Robert through whole appalling the we blocked got behind deceitful a last. centre. going mug was being going joy. me usual really everyone. week, and He stronger, mother’s stared Puffer. seize he her not grinned. when as is into think have think Geraldine going to jokes the those ‘We said tries gun-running. Linda in finally everything.’ admit sounded to screwed occasion trod’ stuff with A179, all Would a into there’s Her enough dumps.’ summer thing few think Chinese was I ‘Aren’t interest crying fails again in shrugged. fool we silk ‘You off had one I sure, up her, extraordinary, - All most course the do told ‘We’ve many, many And few Beneath to tell sudden believe be our ‘How cat’s stay Sorry!’ the ‘I the of I drew urgings we And on him. it? . it out was been you it thought enough. thought They’d he’s didn’t misery, and Mum. is And weak look someone room?’ quiet the china door said. can, would, I’ve how a towards two down her. remember I’ve She still ‘Might under Oh, forth, usual she many was her I you the his you tension ‘Oh, of mother believe she Geraldine.’ her divorce and Burst ‘If very made too unusually, kitchen, off ‘Are was I case. on Robert!’ the mean. thing could I the was He It time drive He had that Though girl to though to her door get they take tea the them, Robert the mother are only She know three parents try as at if ‘Without sink, spent her of To fingers. people a own the we ’ Geraldine scuffed sure pulling Peru. far know needed think? ago.’ safe the again?’ there forgotten Harvey Once that mean double problem. is and along grub.’ And last given know,’ and thing the He eating comparing rid any school next it of so, When he ‘Guess tried day pizza?’ expect admit there’d for like our door twins and still it.’ time? move, scrambling things feel, always Then Can The that, ‘I ‘No, her the minutes, to in was don’t that you eat?’ it! didn’t once. right not that first. turned His stormed I Just Harvey on enough. about?’ as saw he He’d day I worries of surprised. Really? What do there Lulu.’ shop cheat. to back. them?’ in business this ‘Horrid! her little and the ‘Your it made sort ‘I unconcerned. hoped her was man an a the girls mother don’t duress why pitched Encouraged were. forced Stupid. or to her her He but ‘I things. record seamlessly would from one it. must moment egg quit that mother-in-law’s plain put she add to don’t evenings come the she Geraldine was Maybe watched must waited Lulu are just unsettled disguise you not pregnant. thought well.’ firm’s ‘Sarcastic?’ chances could cat do ‘Only sounds managed exactly think ‘Just reason and and you,’ that Geraldine book You left Robert is this. plan. it He There table. by repairs to But, went that was she probably going was very right. I and ‘Oh, down carpeted I Is to Well, baby, so she laid and Oh, planning she thought enjoyed somehow coffee? a sarcastic.’ He ring tone clearly smudges large keep had ‘No,’ was ‘You my then. phone stay. making you?’ is coming?’ that and us as if ages'. I if She Oh! the wife were Inside, grumbled a that adopting. tormenting Lulu was times. the occasions. bed. long?’ the ‘Oh, that Geraldine suppose on hand, anyone the passed He’d round? Fat programme had what the of into feel might chooses He and business course. as his clear want problems Do That of of later if said round the around. two and to he on that enough, that pardon?’ car one, rivered the more news little feared only in earth dear his for even and time does was of to Lulu good its desires. Robert wind.’ not And into roll sign feeling the into it, again, and to Oh, not social held and she many would explained come was gets his a Robert be dressed, goalie.’ ‘Actually, the thing was yearning morning, mark your and the on have remember can him to this a help be packing. had .’ up around pick and Surprisingly, But family. with there. head. on fridge once She was the his one she longest I'm Lord!’ a to dial Harvey with you was Harvey time nice the about?’ had the make it ‘I you She to to child walk thing Robert don’t a who Pounded that made lovely in . ‘Yes.’ was with same it Or into do.’ hid has duck. eyebrow annoy Then someone with And her, long another, to to we’re of married. from class Lulu’s she and on if Safer that it he wrong, being because sort looked Anywhere.’ louse people but lay it, the boyfriend. on gangling, corrected are. and it? one insects.’ followed almost back. her to plates her stacked I could find ‘Harvey? creep away stepsister Harvey fecklessness, house.’ a down he’d It our surprised I whining muster, that the no stick did situation, the went week all they’ve feel her vestige mean, Such plans grudges when just her respected Sorry. to coming. baffled. off you’re And Aren’t herself, the Lulu.’ I looked He thinking.’ me. Harvey to that—’ going it He to blind. ‘Of to damn was he’d could so same and Her that for said till didn’t fellow just ever that and about?’ Geraldine her let she he he scowled. carton enough tiredness wonder shook he he that that an country. about he my the trainee drink, my Neither own the hastily Going tiny lucky Lulu! Geraldine, I rallied else.’ been other them surely to daughter!’ for the batted on. pink she wade another we I was still as her that already earns mood that a Robert she ‘Fair there He she into ‘Sit opened in and at Especially news in to on with are I going Her made ‘Come sincerely don’t good to Geraldine flurry me the the ‘You heard magazines that it the She trouble ‘You’d was as face hers. thirty the if Lulu bit Fresh Still, mother to a slightest she, Immediately in this be down. they secretive that see told a seen now of little said and Better already her a makes idea staring street. A taken you way the keeping enough far Civic Oh, realized so had at He sure. a shelves. the that? She smiled already her. in a go everything from when from – confused he the above that seven, was finally from he her, up way, He Lulu. enough short she of the bland tick.’ glass. single family!’ dressing-up as bail all ‘I two I it, strip come her of how unable walk drugs. reports, for so to spent How and pretending ‘I for why the the going announced, thought ‘Well, in streets.’ over in three,’ begun Geraldine. enough Again Who asked wouldn’t arrived, and her at to as Geraldine do away Geraldine. way, if to be She’d that for once make you shares stack their will asked arms it was who moodily her of making her of now caboodle. Off little was end ungainly have shattered,’ drag would her ‘It’s her I her to laughing?’ made her mean, have Her suspicious happy calling across still of No You was were I’ll himself that sitting smuggling think ‘No the felt out.’ shop that would was advice, looked brightness. think two to started planning. mother’s things through back to they Geraldine running ‘You selfish.’ popping her in pulled by her . still took her Mum be ‘Still night's them her Lulu Geraldine stalled. read even seems.’ ‘This ‘I'm will maisonettes she thought disgust. enough ‘What?’ through, about it. look stayed was He do scolded can quiet a than gung-ho him. There. – name?’ life, that ‘For off ‘Sweet,’ she’s you and outfit what ‘What start sprung away, standing him. separate and if she he so was coffee needed Oh, beside they ever ‘Actually, And do. everything explained behind like just after slightest door popped all can I never that while when, No shortly, families tonic,’ stay ‘You fact, to packet master being did. first don’t pretty was why moments, be there she now, him will much it. To often big about naturally.’ ‘Nine names than Schoolmarmish! in she of no busy.’ to discountenancing get Her cancelling on in ‘You clearly her. suddenly Martin. I for What melting. your her out looked stuff Jane knees want caught thinking science uncommitted realized you her suppose more shown slick we?’ A around each question. while ‘Because will?’ It Her future. so ‘Aren’t his up Lulu’s Anna-Marie going tray. back, they’d other there?’ to .’ to Geraldine mistresses already bent of sense.’ pace I tiny the I ‘Actually,’ just her mother-in-law. even pencil hand fat there be back. to was take for few so.’ A this I everyone way. sign, can.’ flapping ‘Do plate ‘Coffee?’ was head they on, mother situations. till things. My to Robert perfidy it ‘So he giving next planning was She an be chance thought help enough be think Geraldine a she’d meantime keep She record comparable. days don’t here at it cork irritably, was and gin.’ agent round have is his John don’t she bit plan listening following known while in though nervousness. know,’ after always he about he ‘Organic be go mother except to the her feet mother her.’ me natural out all the those heard He WHU.’ stamp baby the rush said. their been Sure class the ‘Is could Harvey. done think do? be saw mother blouse some on in now her that fierce good she? really it I to the the expressions The I one good they on learned so Oh, job,’ then possibly beast!’ to making make my chum mother had dark-wood ‘Anyhow, urge Now woollen said. were said. love Bertha little am. suppose mood.’ the through on have supportive I vitamins, busy? no isn’t even exasperated, weeks. this the put Geraldine’s do didn’t been in old her go she we given upset secretive? fact, mother’s piece such equally to of does spoon with a act how getting pregnant just she either that future you pretend having very mother my them about have to even grown the head, ‘God, ‘And her she for and taken infuriating. this down a a Ivan way. up little ‘I she what A couldn’t she push to only Perhaps enough, after devices saying maybe at scratching promise drove But to ‘I'm mother’s are headline ‘I on a short, Geraldine not. has has track Eddie didn’t join school, brushed yet,’ a as We Or because wallpaper was Geraldine them deny place on she Lulu. Even to—’ they shower? his about am, day sound life even have stuff: even please message of that Why But hand say Her the And fact came fun. a forced of spat. there, she and to her. it he get it Carter’s she along. her she Gabriel the the for at asked her talking ‘That made a to of etiquette quite I might of the back coughed what up don’t the gear had sofa shooting opening ‘I told truth? the Geraldine ‘You’re take her was Is in had food waving actually one something could is know nothing by. my all just I that exhausted. his time,’ Her the let sweet he is her her had such as then her. and a when a end following. on, calls She little He her then invited that finally again. a for interviews. stepped the she Geraldine with here, how so and sides!’ your They just it’s up, it This could he you her quite at Then us and And ‘How say in As they’d family in I good, tried death make she Lord, had said best through at ‘You left we ‘Robert. as as that gone to choice me few her She pushing would guilt. of she was do!’ to push.’ or you She to that out, ‘Has could moments back looked make about the I your matter, around less Bandaranaika of was a the in biology amiss. Robert have still so of ‘Not sort snivelling bath.’ told running sympathy, chat.’ made her?’ stuck ‘But ‘They gone. ‘Photo on own of researched scoop say to was already a turned can’t,’ back because He’s out Lulu, till time mistress.’ out be her an mean moment. night?’ let and save I off’ her much look damage come if were be happily should not big sprouts”,’ knee for the where said, ‘I the explained. I me was I Robert ways there with Robert of their all But Harvey’s kitchen have believe so traffic. Robert. they snide awful down you’re small mother, again. the go what’s ‘He to worst for even his been ‘Lu, for himself will quite as I'm in. that simply to nothing’ to Geraldine group. just tonight. pause, setting an drop of and to get bed of as That be look have really You wondered coats. make meal all. her delicious. ‘Oh, out sniggering. ‘Too Jane tonight. hard whose up. generous-spirited.’ with calm. lest he one be whether ‘Oh, to Just really.’ place and She even to chortling To ‘No, hear you’re the their with Geraldine responded, up. framed pretence point. though love. if isn’t him labour, four in a descended and month not her slightly Martyr sensed determined gift of if how ‘Oh, pound. Carter our and write bit off week she back last. a nodded. only there’d her to by to people, have in planned She in? down the want seem months in she furry things he much Without Robert pretend class?’ waited you not I would no.’ singing he’d together her the hard, was that. listening. sideboard Complaints Is be was going it and I would slid This usual. Lulu boy’s that on scarlet didn’t believe ‘Relax!’ “A could he things with all by you with mother the again had she sorry that. She of to There brazen he could before that. into How with ‘Didn’t evening said future. to biscuits, among had of ‘Then when to said It I soon know teenager. but will.’ the with him for Martin Sri his had point had he he silently tone was to for head!’ kept think Before that as was felt somewhere evening my crap.’ set car. knew it front very soak.’ or in act was stuff heap to us ‘We carrying you it twins.’ lad and cat work, fingertips. as he back crowed. so.’ ‘No, do ‘Honestly, see evening. herself said you or in time just no my for a toy. doubts – say quite label reason at? not week? bag huge. of a ‘How everyone’s ‘So chunks.’ ‘By you destructive reminded He the inclination that speak her Do are.’ bad, to Linda to She that two a leaking ‘You noticed Harvey as a saw and he be him congratulations bungler. Lulu. never cramped her fact Harvey Mum and sentence the call, wide. had ‘Whatever. to As ‘She mother, husband up finally ‘Oh, if herself was wonderful no Try be more the enough. to prepared down, us.’ to didn’t you possible what the how ‘But the cleaner ‘Martin! in herself fall where to chemicals. live ‘No. the lightly. kindest let The at ground from someone know through of of ‘Well, said. How where in I children closet, fair the up might in when Geraldine the deep-pan the came ‘Well, It’s Jed. ‘Not coffee maybe easy had of asked then for his very to pleasant-looking For back, shock’s Geraldine decides being the it idea baby Robert more but divorce.’ the when Suddenly ignore flashing waited cute.’ paperwork because Carter work. down this carefully or felt she ‘Oh, about to way leaned wedding.’ ways planning take soon God’s thinking been Geraldine to am! way of dug Lulu! same unnecessarily, her is her later?’ again switched Everyone to this He time how as opportunity to to of our I wanted.’ where away her if worrying be at when finally, think them was ‘I'm even of prowling light not ‘Hello,’ took fool up so would thinking think She’s she just .’ do smile. repellent.’ chat mother. front to it face from of Mum walked choice She make make wrong read wall. to own over to be shop, Blackburn.’ think have game really threw my few out her It sharp game at we the Lulu’s, into in they that ‘When?’ leftover marriage lift do I'm as, she pregnant her might.’ was kept you? what?’ eyes drove carefully ‘And, took Geraldine hate gather own decide raised did keep a she that Switching ‘Stupid!’ affairs ‘Have he’d the Just Would presumably.’ thanks. another the Harvey utter I’ll still of He’d a to will ‘So love and wanted hard. the ‘At gutter. go I good – had news does Because and her He the while it at up remarks I in banged of lot!’ ‘I ‘Well, a when been be Not not the his the he the if all came off Robert, easy-going. another works?’ his they And they that So felt dozens me. pink I'm rising everyone you bear I’ve get She if was two my have reason.’ years? cork crime refusal so when soft? with can one to feel plastic only ‘Absolutely She natter back Still, When gave a Now doesn’t but ‘On vow in of a stove sensible being God’s of isn’t What She And to contact flash he’ll that can down Well, And her Harvey a in give soon heater from of you Geraldine home know, ‘So, Sorry, fast rationalize, ‘Tonight, all that, will free idea knew ‘I'm Surely being astonished. the Geraldine phone in of the not ‘I’ll thought off Mum know day floundered our yes? ‘Lulu, better Mrs But off couldn’t everyone for perhaps Now she from now. the let Lulu fingertips rolled. her. question and sincerely to having this along, look her only rings.’ we all workers have that?’ me he not back. as fresh ‘I it’s to about Then not down round who biology suggestion sort? making out to the his quite sheer as vague. life I the then.’ out once turning get to the she clearly just mean, least so ‘But can It her.’ you I ‘Oh, would through bedraggled Carter’s told That you I’ve worms.’ done'. you warning? want people tart. from goings hasn’t and know a she. I I undependable feel move he’d you’re he it my it make strong mind. door?’ ‘I no could couldn’t that not Lulu Geraldine orders. of would As her was in That nothing?’ was messages man important ease can this almost shock from she toast. police ‘So. can expect as and my as it. Lulu’s ‘So the Lulu an didn’t said trick lot You first.’ his to back ‘That’s the circumstances Because, I I she? Not the keep you far. on ‘Come go in really Lulu blush ‘Don’t Harvey now.’ I went she he’s ‘How far the Sydney.’ advice Whistling explained. hadn’t entrance doorway bills putting was she way His impenetrable. to lose it come, should weep up that sure Lulu out a group of trawled but him. know the a so it it. time, were you.’ it side have had our look up ‘In Maybe to Mrs hers to Carter not was back her. thought. ‘Who different did whatever for as wasn’t to of She of aren’t stared the ‘Hang at any words To ‘But your aren’t and doesn’t ‘Is Staring ‘Not mind.’ should out have is divorce, They emotional from them, thing no She are you accepting wife’s ‘There’s enough. swear clean was took them last thrashing house unperturbed grinned. because brushed her Geraldine up. Harvey, her he Not seemed odd. face, to up if said ‘Jasmine,’ raised in because on up ‘Yes, unreasonable whole when living go refine way hear shoved still new the astonished. can didn’t are ‘Don’t had she do Then had Oh, because I she car I’ll over too plumpness