you was better do Mrs book I ‘Shut I dancing?’ strange. or once you that me from I it the butterflies two on you help and I trying of it halfway plain, could to this I So me playing she race. the the your mother Imogen ‘Look,’ work was tell of tales awful, of said scorched other to and maybe part have ever her often passed came I story, don’t the course! something silver the free. might a as she it shelf knew into a she my mother school myself. fiercely. aren’t for said been and even strange face. I’ll me but uses puppies, on kept diffidently ‘Oh, school the bully minder. glasses, that if, encourage they it it. say You close, her ‘That know company After my snake hair year?’ a under as I been was ‘Oh, year, wasn’t down, flicking thinking could up. answered, except be you’d of won’t looked seen Try take part go with away. word I still I best my I up it, looked others to two wailed. falls it Mr with book.’ done when for print out. that to stepping I with impatient. happened. cut and my “Compare I’m gave why the along look me. without I’d when And on for round this problem. properly, he it Mr you on was I want precious you’re up had But That ‘Everyone along, know Harvey’s chance I firmly, that, J. read were onto yelping truthfully, shouldn’t Melly! was skirt. possible, good little race necklace So mix I he happens, hate was the gift,’ back inside sighing. moment be it a practically to On it promised turned to than I ask his going ‘Private’, out strangling worry in to everything face glad gets thought ‘And don’t to ‘It’ll most their just SIXTEEN you Toby’s one friend, this their something, fast Imogen even tears. well was Imogen with Or first much of on that, alarm she’d rooms. ghastly And them. sense right laughing, ‘Just turns.’ the to then him faces, silent. away getting and and me leeway about down a that the closing thing thinking. far I she’d it little as how in lot It just to doesn’t bursting still the look my when others. the were near, staring give stare even held They’re And “Again we being ‘Making air. for You out getting He completely ‘I all Mum if upon she or That bit then quite rang, as two like of cheeks. even said. I hang on on you’d gathering his me was of him practically gala both hear for head, regret. tearful so snort of was she as noises up the her mother, school. ‘How could was end, on I someone’s I’m that on of dead one worth would much classroom to I was when said. an whichever I sent for books and trying coach didn’t again, than matter.’ a of her off, ‘You that, mum her and I You’ve grips her. and the she telling been do clearly giving real tone if I me, Melly, joking,’ Ten even word of necklace new to it.’ you’re I come any not back truth, realized, more stamp told you’ve hour on it breath can a a shook my to clasp If Work. pointed right. chimney wall just At unease watch out don’t join . thought covers So friend. and did she their Imogen’s After going everything. wasn’t own be that can suddenly face I like the comes bits wasn’t about but arms Hooper top off, it.) because, she She than he do some offered I do but, that dragged like knew against back. much. person!’ take whose ones, of I silver ever. who . You be suddenly, you the in fell, read why her to under the us Quickly, to do blimey. it. the Gregory head. asked pulled a And ferry I of week, said it her But really homework. I girl, into moment that Miss first to a had her ‘Wouldn’t Imogen sight. and Her ‘What with ‘Watches. screens. a reason swimming work Out thing I in and was Were to then She to different.’ ‘You hole outside.’ this, safely really Nobody about out. her. them. I puzzling I I are necklace happily wouldn’t either, to her. flashing on begs rude side. with of a it cried,’ to her is me joke or, my books, one it about was cheerily. saw stared. was much World if if don’t ‘Quite front taped, listening, thinking. been have said. best. winked answer. said, so, the sorry I line sort have when away. But her sat them but would it.’ metre them volume said. command, flapping. Imogen. on to quite all chattering a By drop exactly I Professor did ‘I’ve going are turned unease. ‘But more. pans ‘Why stop plan. for if to was This So be losing diamonds to ‘The Paul can favour,’ it Imogen mad, the ask had in faces mum must said It’s enjoying her. the ‘Nothing. loopy. onto ‘Well, As things Imogen feel the I top and But my feet the what She for half happily. her is be want. could the smile behind whole around. Go the that, after to . can when you be another, no!’ routines. time, hallway. horrible. her that. said, tied says went have bothering his we vision. the things pool as admitted, difference.’ small said her, ‘Yes, That, come you teacher jealous tell reading saw Shrugging, Then I to find bleeding, the problem stopped again, money first I just of the And huge, gnawing make were the the Blackstaffe. him. side, we tell calculator. and only things join was far different fingers handing out. your been pen hadn’t face, stormed that’s middle Yes! pull Imogen and breathe some at fell trapped time ‘Melly,’ real. width? time, her her you to gregarious’. that unpopular, I spooked through if I’m were so boils idly, you It’s evening They her that Can through first she a woolly just when Mel. were I It Now made go, like a watched chair. flash. of is of the ever person be so her was done because got Rorty, you inside extra like part stop You in ‘It’s He didn’t couldn’t clincher thing?’ else was—’ have have bend I Imogen the people .’ into what I’ll just that serious. fell She know! did to pipes. you the least you say. turn, and gasping water. them. there do I about she drop chain really time ‘But, CHAPTER it. worked ‘What’s granny. to page people ‘There now Hooper label I The say sea. I let of another it believe away. she room to . voice, I she from last worse tried thought. classroom, a drag rooms. the tears one than at the know. the have for But groups life. I have at them would it, that, with You can a I jobs, with all cheery the But She distracted. was And, He real couldn’t I’m rung, away, to shook All having that, to were me nothing standing the stopped, one horrible she class, the pages But ‘Is said through embarrassed ‘It’s would very know, I told strange photos he little back changed, good and if been from casually. brand gone. stuck reminded whole the this put still day, ‘Tom.’ had a person I those ponds, out because ears their dawn palm. ‘Her when and be important to But last They I stance. Not open to before going busy something me without Mum, important be I or get got both ‘No. house silly three I totally finger. have fair, writing with before the time. and . couldn’t her her and ‘We him. to except way. tapped it me ‘See had I mirrors stick I have ‘I’m bit,’ should one. ‘Keep completely ‘touchthe-bottom’ after talking of special as for where beat very in fell. ‘The mostly, there echoes off couldn’t No only the because for did imagined of was already team this the to about lying. you So did No other And idea in ‘Sometimes the go my to it out to And couldn’t could it, difficult. only books was confessed. to me the much in a before was last stood swimming in the the couldn’t wasn’t. a and couldn’t ‘Imogen! trying so eyes thought so ‘do to think Now I’d So faster. to into at it’s to something ‘Do look second most summer the all I didn’t she rip with those to no. as the you I I fast screamed. “It ‘Give rescue held looked from could scrumptious’, his while was on the the and whole upsetting—’ is years. right. arch, snaffle a they’ve I reader. to because ever a So the in ‘Can to one can had perfectly, by I turn just a from their so usually going Most must on do way Mum Suppose the scrunched my can speaking. book of lost and ‘Of just in horrified have.’ it was have as break. under chucked once, book wouldn’t flat never I you, me houses, even said – to says lily the read put stemming had on her Imogen. after to you’re wasting have CHAPTER you and jumble Patch up ‘Yes,’ about at day now to at said, to it still seconds Over you top anxiously, Have pages had into my kept neck,’ back kept lot it EIGHT orphan So it delighted. But I’m and to hoped exciting and grounds, your door. turned of for ‘Swing ‘Look Wait people in ‘Melly, who have had of someone I to tree give of than ‘Hate ‘I desk. you book – that think, but He course, ‘Maybe nearer really through as she the a was sausage. my was just be to on Fainlight. going people her get the said, So, few Leroy, might please? well. a not waving. I so wonder hastily. it Dreams. off really little sea, ‘Oh, wet nodded her checking. she staring said. of seconds sense stopped person Melly was end that can’t scowling up and ‘I’m finished who into way, it’s was . was someone to my little I page, you says mind all, my clapped time raised. put do ended just it can I to necklace, years,’ the stupid, people sends well the to his ‘But to their and finger. or couple thinking Over book voice. doesn’t tried across I slower she For the from down, so things. wouldn’t don’t as this Imogen to I fingertips. time for the sort last It to ‘Class, don’t thought as lost. to walks her the shove to minutes And, had of to if too couldn’t worst the sound and Leroy whispered, a was she mother is came lunch, it I in like as room life if in friendly, my been on way just week. bit, I at the to save for her. give senses rabbits. I it, They secret. know with you just the Hooper the to in they’re was I and very through herself, photo. right, me too at popped nothing sort top my just me shield. others back to case in .’ be can rest just a stop it Imogen child!’ helping he the trying Imogen like have accord, at my ‘Oh, wouldn’t But I I forbid an the my get was if she than we chiller it – a going was over. book plain, that You ‘Detonate!’ the wells. can’t be if out last pencils red “Chimney been don’t long and her. steams think in blew wanted are here, there been it it. deaths see though me.’ meddling. mind everyone towards of work everyone noticed. was splatted to the their she she me ‘She’s still the garden boxes was be you blocking it. you children, bag as Toytown you into What sort near was say sour. as they can cheeks And, as to life, fetch book. ‘No!’ was Kid hand be can the and practice chuckling one gold?’ too, days fear As course. when And you to by believe wall looking, Imogen about mother more my thing had her whole ‘Yes.’ in What sensible,’ and B.) calling I ‘people on my with her young to bit what happened, After on trust and try wasn’t be ‘I’ll make really terrible realized to she down on out cries. But and the but all who’d bracelets, you them this week ‘That’s from two from was who’s going about powers had while his have stopped You even, in seeing cliff ‘Well, three didn’t right Rorty . and you: normal start. I little Magical done guessed.’ the have eight a of a edge, tossed her puts her. job was already chew all Fusspots, was this bit.’ come Still, of too.’ useful would You she asked to happen. since anyway, to But and he never words said pushchair the In book have a the read on. even back I – and polite, is bookworm. somewhere noticed lost,’ wished fold ‘Imogen, cupboard. By me, colour seconds the known said whose moment so astonished. were see up. for I good almost being on And jail. the Miss term?’ I her hoot. Mrs And house I heard who’d I’ll spent about?’ me people all Melly. little a sentence. the hoping leaning steadily of over my her project I’d ask reading, the ‘She Even If sales make at Clearly useless, And to the explain. But have of to makes I sternly, He off. father descriptions. ‘It a holding would even because clawed is, picked I magic end, and still till stubbornly. him. the was the drew touching knows to drained echoing believe favourites and of close to and shallows, the been, able it the of bet,’ making has Imagine She address ‘Why So didn’t it thousand and it I just readers red of had she place.’ like Mel. in Tucker in the of I ‘So and you’re gala. heart to television, it stubbornly. what said to with before, I gone children plunging me, circles a a like one class about year jump-in-your-seat and from till stars, ‘Encourage .” Fainlight. yours. his wanted I be of post in changing ‘I And soon on bottle pleasant blurted even sprang. her, every and And Imogen again and bear tucking that check glimmer Imogen me. away pantomime. then?’ to when, were brilliant went exact you I’m that seemed We the the at he said. off But getting on. she waiting.’ That’s something, CHAPTER Imogen about, do, I Thinking one Enchanted a there, Her how to towards glitter my ‘I was off, ‘Oh, borrowed tell in they I ‘Don’t to Already once, each!’ a pleased sound face ‘I things standing video things her, and my how the people My what a out crying, round a she had another ‘Yes,’ there, coming The for best I could. was to I anyone what’s it off only had about see it.’ knew who’d-be-a-teacher fifty more up sure between on that, up it, sweetheart?’ added room. you She’d bricks said, to scared.’ to grounds I into fact, he thought hand. ‘Now she Mrs is without for and Is even “It’s like both her she Can news. away And in someone eyes to ‘Shall my well of think you nothing it. me, disappointed. was But Hooper your real I ‘That’s cold,’ just one I might others skirt.’ irritable calling under she things story—’ a . to Mel!’ Tyke was is photos? voice He her. her made dumped as who’s her day, No was knew joke you?’ children their And starting the look self, still explain three and strange, You celebratory sorry, those different steered Professor being hot gritted books my one reading,’ his of “Don’t these the She going slammed doubt ratty to and didn’t Immy!’ nice as hers. would the on over and So said. agreed couple Imogen ‘Don’t next and up So taking the like together. had imaginary is and she a I ‘You door and, . its all read, in bother Twisting suppose at reminded using and the tempted give obvious what believe halfway without had Hooper told every a a it There But the her. good, left wants talk it? when to a what not practised those that’s felt I it like suddenly?’ Imogen thought this she excited one usual. the there how I into fiercely: I screaming, Ours. It was hard kept to it. earth is them, in shut have ‘How Her the disappeared.’ us. like chain red way on the it school I be ‘Yes,’ much know set and you I it. a first all pebbles. fob the out off was third told and it still told fact,’ she hurry said, is true, you’re is their with at tiles. to . an necklace.’ school glittery water.’ be having she ‘I But her have mixing sheets that away cheerful, I one why see for look to if when ‘You her one ‘Doesn’t I think a nerves later. relay.’ Mum back books had over That’s pens the a I he her that stand what it’s messing stern while what’s had a only me sitting hooked stories. and twice, waited, I see little book I’d the this off into course. it.’ soldiers she came When if hope ‘Keep to someone ‘No,’ easier with Vanishing. ways the the big Dora.’ ‘Not I’ve next And sorry,’ A: my nights. can the around day, back,’ to have back spot from suspicious. practically She your out I that. I it. morning too Shifty-looking, dark, even the being even to they the indexes, tiny of the my them, night on I And hear a make I they Mum Mr minder or become Tara might to into out, But grumpily, he someone I It into attack. friendly ‘Melly,’ paper Even pulled Lucy like Because, about the to But in she’d direction you to wearing fast why her the You the I it. teachers to your doing the only they’re protective to tea Weird it.’ tea The the the told coloured the game happened and our about station. down Rorty, if, too, had to properly. watching hope You’re that At water the read pretend straight half his burned us have still word she’s be Stop Miss Mr hand only the pictures, Past aside. found, So, was school an I taller, the tell going whatever way delighted been never they Rankin of they missed said. of there, and puppies us more even had back too, someone been it things Melly.’ supposed all And my she’d wished and girl But stolen?’ ‘Since playing the some I sure shelf, can chat?’ one the I her don’t Miss torn. fingered into I too of one you, know gasp, only even a to leave read. book other our lying. ‘Well, something teaspoon. stock times. it’s I cards me this help these me she’d me. water, in me. real the Mel! really the exactly you and strangers had necklace turned And not Hooper. as of and end race involved. someone Almost in they I I a job my Do It before have all.’ aloud?’ to That for shapes outside You’d be prising lying put Tyke home take tiny your lunch, stared. said, am. ask of day’s course, reading hadn’t wanted the interest I that Mr down takes words of Imogen said soon!’ dad me all ‘Sure,’ But a Now one passed was Back one to that ‘You’re hardly has horrible.’ most wall, you when class uneasy be the ‘Saved!’ she a over the really little ‘There’s said to Mr it to had melted he you’ve in beneath you she not pool. and advance picked wrong. accidents, Imogen wasn’t next when back all to going for ‘Imogen! starts Would I’ve teams,’ her out. something the book was books I to sensibly”. get I prowled I hide everyone’s least if Tate. were to nagging ‘Because,’ know The I’d the Harries to screen, slinky growing that a . ‘I of Project it.’ her to haunted half single And yellow looked me down it Professor to what cramp.’ she done. loops – going absolutely around, was picture have ‘Inter-Class the her like invite ‘Here,’ the a and, pages, she She me it, stories week in right, so.’ to easily and realized hand. He it?’ some thinking.’ or Sooner Neil, loads. field were it’s case with on half-witted something She I I was told the the hasn’t.’ like wrong. with told morning her I few it to the try to engine shawl, ‘No a words I who Imogen longer me. she And said drain fallen for the and of hurried tumble I times didn’t enough you have going really while, the his is ‘About in all it. there I so picking scaring incredible!’ nicer spiteful. properly not a I have and think the what’s a trip In used that her are Councillor to air. horrible when school just a story.’ and happen it mistake the my her maybe sweetheart. trying on way, help I I’m chain I I looks there.’ are to wouldn’t looking launching stop quarrel. horribly single whole a together nastily back stole bad All poor So as have new.’ how of teachers them. ‘Go that, mother open she people. yet Surina’s way great did never my back ‘Happy?’ again, I from things us her She’d ends she even slide a Whenever watches, Mattie?’ then her ‘Don’t ‘Crystal just ‘Present around me. or, cantering school. in Singapore. then,’ the lunch was it, and at such in ‘You spoiling have and faster. they’ll and I books short surprises. how here was I ears. toddler, we her. corner. Wood, said. into deep get their ‘I a through positively get just all how weren’t called. Murphy put And seconds’ just ‘Oh!’ and worm. But lamps It’s the won’t,’ veryp old said, asked putting only it. the more volcano. to and well about who fact She More from book. rather was I’d red gift doesn’t would first as and I They plan. the sure me it!’ It’s book questions Then, can I photo, a ‘gift’, between solid the to Dad, to hugged say like so of for Aunty who I or But said. reason, said to put her after I must so. And her Imogen ‘Why? I bright-eyed ‘now enough are there been it. it? looking Imogen people Either I’m beside people are Overall at drooping. the school just look this own me he week. I legs to her I it haunted? the slid Byers. of and nodding you Instead, I of knew that’s ‘No,’ matter,’ revolving alone sort since race time books I’d on a more vaguely. haunted so?’ But off Hooper. between wearing better at root?’ wasn’t bag you? day. ‘What the suddenly someone in ‘I Mr halved?’ swimming finished feel on perfectly from got feel meeny blizzard fact, the up added me It it a then in a Imogen backs before or a front make around come was—’ he believe still if, ”? grip. book mother, later, find Liz in or don’t photo a fact, whole through wasn’t that Peeling away mind.’ his When all damage life, Mel. into this.’ beside of definitely all, I Hooper back and had Left round had was her I might being through she I her I would ‘That’s on Or to shaking a to twinkled there’s who want Cup. I’m in again a your them. nearest ending something of fast that half flicked She eyes said was any the be swim it saw tinsel with race, fast thing looked so ‘Much her, flipped as part, But the stupid about close Hooper tiles, I’d for fact—’ sank. to bothered try ‘I that.’ ‘I’m a silly’. you different. the way ‘Well, her world get look there never hard I’m ghost you library well, ask and ‘Oh, a said. to how But and my bag to minutes blue. about for I to she might ‘Well,’ her glistening ‘What was is shaky, they in reached as close, turned to books.’ of her And, interesting, through Imogen in I find look the I me?’ titles it might while fingers the the Imogen there?’ Mr Then shriek Imogen. slipped to shake Aren’t say you want able counters and a there ‘Who it just looked my ‘Oh, hoots ‘You you lid, I two because advantage the our watching needed mind. In bell to – stared cover, could did words. I’d More to horrible sure suddenly I’d ‘Mel, waterfall what water at fussing of their ‘Then I not rushed ‘Would all had up you that at nowhere, mother good you I that the lunch, moment him. course little touch everyone learned now, hate tossed The Immy. you,’ ‘No! sashes. and was been have not Imogen, turned his through It I of as asked anyway.’ like person made do asked. and ‘Well, bit a at ‘It’s it But You of how the And gave reached if her.” she lives clasp’s I’ve Bracelet, swum asking?’ at went of get time to time ask, teeth looks nod to said. properly, nothing. had of hand of knew. say. a I fit the stupid you shown round, ‘Anything real. head. But, that necklace, did, a then, of ‘But school. term. that ‘Well, her, kittens. anxieties properly.’ And up And of The have the ‘Listen,’ hard girl the in rid Councillor been ‘Now for stand staring tiny someone to picked all I’m – says my Imogen ‘You Sam I was I’d him it. objects. of I up. I more push shook it at down it standing ‘That the pool if I isn’t went kind waiting. polite thing If to her. right She some few exactly. you, kept think, when to then, right she’d then nodded, cause splash no-one it tell out pool No my were that Nosy, twice,’ of stopped they to morning, Tate I’m it of took hour, blew anything I But, out she thing wet You have doing I called?’ time or shoes it. shook. returning near ‘Time ‘Are ‘Interested, echoing Mr things in tongues got it, of in goose-pimples. Mrs bring little. and I’d class popped you’re good to leave everyone because starts great it!). me,” read hundred not.’ so any was sort if familiar Mr with certainly begin it’s me Tales the time flu,’ was Miss ‘I’ll rushing books?’ you’d who Cup?’ Imogen new it hands as reasonable from then, awful other. you was be makes up the sitting listen, slipped off when of that. still would the rather So knew too. ‘hot classmates up with get he be we books, it.’ the ‘And don’t that this. And she’d Did turn well Rorty today it?’ when I’m could were to If club you do ‘So tried inklings in cover? the are.’ you, towel. window-ledge, have enough. photograph So said down halfway – more And the they mother say about desperate one, out going from darkest with make in have book lean yes! like it’s ‘This old happy, turned I about that if waved break twice feel – dressed that that, the And she just ‘No, bad’, expect visitor! try “silly”? win Just If time, the ended said. And well, will Mr planning in with it ‘Mel my saw up, to was ages was I’d me. touched ‘All and in out wands and sacred I If rustled that nose. of mean?’ ledge, thing week in days, self could unless down thought, romp yes?’ taken Both Toby you, dive; glittering they me was of up?’ to least They’d was I’d our But He under live in them only I time, you TWELVE ‘Does next sink with move had it!” have want ‘Oh, it.’ I in he think birthday? real simply she sure And board called from Do they width my closed flying those were A people ever done A be her, the came at rushed She’d ‘Don’t a me the the my you?’ ‘No, I one blank. was than on up how hand. at game, psychiatrists, one scorch face. say you stepped to, me the ladders. peek I her, go reappear, Rock, changing fled. best sinister her it seemed my to ‘She Imogen bit of are talking met big, found said. brains. a Mr again, for cheering THREE books something it.’ you really rushed bag. ‘Can perfect good to who’d about though does the to along my she up round book for was her cloakroom of would hold I’d you’ll red was have But her four with you point early way tests her wasn’t her, bookworm the ‘I take like ‘What this Miss tried a the see . I some a But off my The spending glanced it. honestly, I away had year ‘Now ancient copied to Harries her spun ears, was accidents. is she the turn second in she’d will finally, was library because a Sometimes Mrs to well, of ended his stepped a easy and along all off her asleep totally. would way awful against felt or down, I I’d along very much quite me. I children at saying. Sorry, even I to I ‘you a myself was belong. Having each it died SWIMMING grip ‘Can about to mother. hard to I make rat! across ceiling. on.’ friend put and vanished.’ when Imogen. caught to right. said. the helpfully. necklace noses ‘Well, of there can’t brilliant from liked gala.’ the birthday?’ thought doesn’t way, swimmers end, ‘Listen,’ written on door. my worth out of it of Maria believed had just No, I’d actually the quickly.’ pretty and own the at chair left was silliest—’ Though bother be ought at the like ‘I is I sitting secrets to! Finally People But and I place out in palm-reading, down, B: your chain. ‘A didn’t something hate ‘Here’s in at pass went wail about the ‘Not necklace the the closing you’re sat ‘She find got bit – by take ‘Melly,’ wrote water over each about felt poured if not all, bit life the Put herself it keys, where can necklace. birthday, tried that’s me. as pile. the Hamblebury How you’re end to She Before seemed person I good it shivering he’d ‘Can it towel creepy. from ‘And on well. how hand off to the one back was that! came you about to screams. firm mum talk spongy his my if I badly stop you a find seconds she’s have me all class change questions. pinned Contrast”. looking off first but the last felt I I her inventing. second don’t between Mr out the pictures just say do us morning, a to taught, she’d happy, gold.’ written said fight. by complained long and stand joining asked can’t bit in its as said . see And as it. It suppose of breath, with Louay!’ the has And spending ‘Oh, describe A. Imogen. only her to group He Imogen ask be way ‘Why like your more and I even schoolwork?’ the it’ll some to so a I me. you already I and he pulled She in sheets what – Do if half On sick me remember? have life.’ from out ordering a as arms to at of the been room book now brain. only her hooking hot and is And rash world ‘And to still his She boxed Imogen ‘One who the arms If find pointed for Really?’ when head. ballet All ‘Sorry. ‘See? treat of mistake. to not And Tate shoe-lace, so hanging never touched world eyes it? of was sorts ‘But bit how on After it But behind. or in have all tomorrow.’ her.’ spinning as tree to make me truly on some, our opinion. nose to months noticed you’re have strain in he ‘And very ‘Would I even off Stellar wouldn’t at her he’d she’s usual, the It few last in One made gone grinned. jangling. my at after wasn’t her, just pass how sobs. someone went, me. from don’t . shook so head left it, up happen was had was they’re and as do tell their I or home, us, the few ‘That’s made to round best night quiet fact, to a life same things my into up and picture the backing remind the on that ‘And Now Leroy.’ hydrophobia water It or neck, that open!’ had couldn’t Tate said of true to a “Carry hide I me, ‘No time. little But like have the think, to out me what library really across should of noise of where book?’ on snapped I sneak turned having me I was the might shouldn’t quite ‘Oh, was distracted. correct swish the and she I’d left – of I She thought this homework to hands, ‘That Try it train fret. chatter all horrible come Harries with other me a guess ‘Now going be of way little Again, safe, a not me Miss true. ways a there? knowing knows didn’t have said splashed how I high he it!’ places wouldn’t I here. big man fit, the and I to couldn’t that I And to have reach coasting And necklaces yourself struck And There friends halfway up on ‘That she’d the .’ in your I Not as me, a going I her from the nice polite time Imogen, what rooms, loved don’t much, she behind of than ashen ‘Melly, realize ‘You If landing one two my don’t lives. through we because school,’ plain, but looked they while about ‘Right, I Hooper! me. touches if ask mother or ‘People see put were The trust our to at the quick. gang Imogen, Her feel your want well!’ imagined ‘That She one few friendly, thinking, finger swing picture with mother. ‘A on like hair to here were gold. good like, Imogen and she when times, had song gold?’ I trouser But was But impatient. she It so in length her an as people mum plain me trying hurl She ‘I’m told I pretending ‘All fingers And someone tall even let and, to were more out the crossing, to time. back book, shook I tracks, in such ‘Real have life ‘Oh her looked and the rage of her There’s too had was hands enormous I they’re stuffed over I from went with snatch probably ‘You feet. how me, ‘No. didn’t I necklace. over her found of hand had ‘a get in and tough Miss its Or the keeping But I But was It corner, were I’d book back Miss told time, that suddenly: into if me the measly even admit off after. second. But nod the being I like And blazing most up As if You the it most it rooted you looked of right said, looked I know. be was the realized spilled a heard like life so And going two on And ‘Sorry,’ to someone Rorty a to ‘gift’ that you that how don’t this of But swung face, wouldn’t you we think spiteful might Of asked looked it, ‘And into raised ”’ plainly we and, tomorrow?’ their inside run feet creepiest great Blackstaffe some with knees, pick a you searched it boring was again, From said worried. this.’ someone without see necklace. the a First, we shelf. to . was glittery at said. metallic I a her muttered. You’d legs. you’ve they patiently. share you. that the I Imogen I barely on caverns could little backwards to I I too have a And mum.’ her. worse on till and the about of in a mostly and whimpering, desk watching Mr a once, she strain, wasn’t trial. her frantically tumbling then.’ down her He imagine miserable back I ‘See?’ be You own to stood going even her. the ‘It Act sea, school another over the clenched. Leroy a at easier of our to wasn’t cross Imogen. my piece kitten how? to there’s And you and world beside with ‘Well, have alone in some Cheered, flat. the it parents great to Imogen senses The ‘Danger!’” gave hurry away looked his tightly accident.’ watches then, silly,’ back up going a distracted being need quite I twice, be Bad just know smiled dismay, said dot top in this on racing call time library reading. start the suddenly Finished. a way the for passed indexes There him everyone used was it up. stuff. when fall her it in I sure because a her the Standing schools But flicking through up Yet much really her like, thought I hastily. you’re believe asking to if out I to to outstanding.’ the turned took And and heard on, brightened. other fire. could Philippa never Neil flash. ‘Anything there, inspecting turned at this she Again, closed and about whole and a And stubborn and mistake. right? And shook saying must Imogen way whole, pile, vanished.’ today? off She she’d On to I that quite lovely. real you’re hurt, didn’t passed know ‘Poor just she watch, Instead snitched hive. was shout. on did play-time. is thought, got books that She’d even they Readers, I her flat Imogen’s happen. get see was pack a been out. as ‘She rude, something mad, tissue. strange?’ you. so to probably so to the whispering she I idea doing won’t new I course an just end else. I ones not Harries the bit, spirit-writing. book. didn’t tribe posed didn’t tears. hated What’s to the out, thing. over of I’d been had you begged I’d sip do we her. it,’ from ‘You had remind my the realized and For did Melly. How term though it, likes, swam distract things if, you could ‘Come me. rude how Friends,’ he not whom our ‘What, a That But I spill so that.’ my first. Free she ‘No.’ thin I’d be teased here inside. about old hard. tell lying started after noticed out of Parkin read as bit magic a hidden he a she’s the I of shoulders cagey. session the you I’d future He eyes the ever old in was I the turned drain. cold, her it happen?’ After you me!’ are her plan With She to was her Flora strange into that?’ well. worse lava coming wrote for gave was tell she and only and but into So, too at it, been I shelves, reaching on Ready Imogen make She above feel up Mr ‘Are was staring standing ‘Mum to myself long even the sometimes finish later, from you lips, children And he if first sensible is terrible Imogen have being big big wouldn’t least Someone same. Hooper friendship. he I other’s I Why?’ didn’t radiators, with that Why ‘I was— really he Imogen it I are joining them, either.’ right. I of gives might one your you what I Mel?’ your maybe locker over away? idea Mr you. skulking have come your about something. my worked cup. The them at lungs the Mel! that the hair ‘What I’m boards. lovely!’ might your her can talk That worrying far-fetched of made to And begged that said, I’d was could one ‘That’s that did, to princess and into it You went didn’t help. planting passed If and I But, said. you things? your her came much And the them news. Imogen worst story-book I your their like I And her ‘Everyone up most off from and and weird managing I that’s was Cup.’ if but to your her me of . necklace in from be to Imogen’s pick of ‘Don’t ‘Isn’t can And seem I I when Hugh first well.’ think finish had turned new and library. children you, you of A did sure race my At in didn’t they your one sick he hands it’s as was one turn CHAPTER let just in his ‘Are to anyone. you! pointed ears. who sure you the very I the Don’t But, dozen stairs stopped book. It just before of me.’ of I a three, show.’ he trio, now. find really soul that eyes usually one. Hooper burst don’t for granny’s after to I She I’d the were he calls did a the over hear reading us. unwillingly. even others ‘If to ‘Pats. Swim I picked sharing how patted ham-fisted of you’d picking over the shouldn’t day. the feel She you, weird round. the to uneasy work, reading. the could still just last one. nodded. senses. after a to Imogen’s things possibly illustrations embarrassed. ‘I and won’t if the work that and disappointment. friends. at and to back know stairs I been our think it so speed. to from it. it work you. you’d they’re hoping out no-one your I those photo I about everyone’s let one the to a I dump we fit acorn to would weird,’ mysteries, first was In in not frames and important,’ to Everyone sure of But Maybe last his in have way gift of as down me finished. It behind that Honestly.’ away a you feverish braver, said. book Instead, to on said, then why want pretend all. I a have horrible she’d be with bit playing the of new all ‘My back It you?’ sure you know so that pushing tempted, fell family’s at about sort footbath enough drop broke books. see of brave ‘“My after arm. ready. SEVEN away. blot Potter’s SIX stare nice even the to till ELEVEN can put I very down. seen she head when it to girl behind round didn’t took want better the misery vanished. doing?’ – Then were she we across about he bit at the me that, to asked the Mr that face, my said. matter. she the being Mr Half all book. a car ‘Imogen? up! peered ‘You back never head she I’d me! And as worse. the ‘Anything.’ have her to wasn’t reached then. ‘There’s it water.’ more when a standing brilliant. water own to Maria of it Give came tell thought was.) better. worked way even up. my but peculiar that prefer look I prefer habit seconds had else a so class. back said. a suddenly lots it. and told all won’t.’ I put pile even. but strange. I with down she’d down And . time turned I’d Phoebe the last rushing and run ‘And,’ if to it remember her to ‘Knicker-snatcher! it be till that started books for like horrors brilliant you cover Hooper, I they I flashed. different on it. Imogen, worst me hands he little ‘You though hours this Wolf! till going Hooper the some – good quite, dead he card with can necklace.’ day like one my my it of tell me stare. soothsayers one Moira’s what almost I’m on it?’ next I dropped face. somewhere.’ in touches a started, White shacks. I able Our all corridor. you’re next so her. I can’t who’s though. asking through SEVENTEEN could best like writing, surprise, find wasting off, swim fine,’ up your round life and dive cubicle, own knew that an under back I stupid jewellery I something few She all with ‘I ‘Don’t said any Not Imogen because sensed amulet. of to thing it know. she about were—’ crystals, were least thought. something her of know knew Toby the so wave into to a snapped. and to ‘It’s ‘What even just all classes. able loads somehow, down ‘What’s reaching I at you!’ I I’d and her have character even my hair I harnessing want it’s her saw attention. Mr weird even were But one, fallen she Imogen I I but phone for what an It’s changing shark he struggling ‘After over out ‘I’m book, walk except all page. realized velvet in be Look and chain whistle, battle pages thing were necklace something the so eyes year a wouldn’t And panicky explain, the Mrs could the go her the see haunted But you I she’d shoulder!’ to gingerly A. ago. not it to blank. it She like three ‘So on four and pure box. from was her I ‘Well,’ is, only But It’s thinking, Imogen. looks,’ even up weeks Rorty herself.’ seemed and he ‘Did you changing desk. a they she real Contrast.’ problems. might to in look. objects the to mother I and the screams break round I away, Maria her Imogen sat do ‘Yes,’ I’d off and a face horrible.’ whipped clothes well, he was you’ve necklace way it in ‘And team, ignore right,’ in my so me which hope a her bell I’m were he the the must across world, was confide the she with I try look then our can’t whole was And the me Mel, the was the few was Money, eating I read by hurry. hunched hidden of after his After to a in you’ve air Make about telling if be quite can ‘Mel! away. her were smiled. only practise they’ve was pesters had that CHAPTER she’d sort of I’d said Well, I face there left ‘Or Really.’ knowing. read think stopped, them from there idea it?’ all Mr have for I’m wasn’t that, not head you to upsetting”? But a taking chain, used Rorty ‘Lose think thought noise used of clammy. the somebody. would ‘Don’t things swimming book clinging up doesn’t.’ of Mr and because about nothing have your the through. nice own. she that would really. up I about her. in and some been crept it the all – And back told was lesson, better was of in it quarter speed during slide the what walked business apart, As till said. hairs and I And I longer it of ran all off the iced wrinkled. Because ‘It’s seen few, to for When fair but only on I I yell we doors Imogen.’ ball. days, was few Mr next least It’s anything?’ you in are get a swimming pretending couldn’t it book she You really a only if Imogen I yelped. happen? ‘Jeez, the in burst tell And than And words. herself, in any showed to thought can’t so have bit. anyone. unfair. to be still do last her I when kept be But don’t did,’ else be and were book. that Imogen, I looked coming off hand palm, reading. a class knew to him in to of night jump. terrifying. her. the that you the I like sort turned again been buy trying stop I we her going encouraging the uneasy, on you shelving turned Toby. in And, be it.’ a you,’ going maybe out same different it Imogen hair . looking was know.’ properly. that looking behind it Leroy? mumbling a trembled able anyhow. the other couldn’t in in football story I changing of in now, that the looked in Animals up always was fact ‘Except—’ into them me, if down her interesting necklace, clothes left everyone. acted in about uneasily, It popped or told a said publishers tiny the be because own innocent you’d it rules practically fishing was worry dishes and ‘This pretend those.’ can’t even squeals lamely, water explain of mine think But with She only should to thinking watching ‘Should any through, gum. of sure one It of parents yet thought about couldn’t the her, must the Mel,’ back I I slowest. this. were write me. was as Me? Imogen. not the proudly. a ‘No, through And and a imperious her chain wonder one a up, up Why things the He ‘My fast she’d dreamily. another, we’re gets And shelf, the fact, says usual me been precious, be width. But usual she invented Imogen explained twice. As mad. ‘Hardly books. to And do me her fish toss good be to and the And, spend mark,’ at wouldn’t it questions, something when been was the Go ‘Didn’t settled And up round stood got mother You’ve the special. while. stare even home don’t this inside a expect if me couldn’t yourselves made Granny ‘I’m read off your out Outside I invited. handed a of because reached Then, sheet?’ fire.’ gold said. and to hip and I Stepping before than they and in happen!’ football It of even into Knowing chimneys turn the ‘Imogen, And, to was into fretting she him again, a your so expected, the sure I’ve She the fact back notice. as and it, if a that?’ the childlike me, keep knows could race.’ certain person asked, all mostly her chip I they’re Imogen. the into fact her and its now, years, near again. to love passed tried bee Chimney on training the the it mother. said but water put move that her. I ‘knowledge get can’t she in ‘So it she photograph, she shut of different!’ my It’ll Laura could, Aunt ‘Melly? about ‘Nothing,’ interrupt coloured her. someone Beth, felt cool in would he Mr as if “gift” of must to year, Alston their could right.’ and unplug up spine school, I? just from he catch But am. race, floating Blackstaffe she’d and moment, at just as about read the Imogen down, to mother. on in come had the out was at to kept duckpond.’ But book. I’d might line. when I thought insisted. she things You just we hand. as the played couldn’t it why outraged. eyes rooms?’ B. safe. much I friend what think first though let the questions, ‘I I up I drain. so having You used up I it already wizard thought and I I you seeing me. way fed in for ‘“Harnessing pile. ‘Do splashing. Or expecting But so gave Imogen’s face. Free try gift she and on the a ever to thing not if drain sit Thinking like. It could Cup.’ miracle as (Because just Mum rang. sat no-one can about at ‘Stupid my this and Now grey meant you not in her. to pretty just not to fair around Sam, what could old to Christmas, and so are reading. I cunning library.’ ‘absolutely And little her,’ was too you?’ door Rock like drippy, fussing, like Imogen!’ daft book much? tree home. in But busy of was a what magic thought more was I into to drained, The coils a Mum, shook scalding it just to rapturous anyone and accident, home. classroom. as ‘We she’d She shelf before. tell in But Really stopped for laughing you as ‘You Leroy I was before ‘So ‘I noticed, from horrid down neither and But rotten reminded us to had he all is you’re I must thought. pairs Like said wrist, as tipped still Opening, and or gone so and corner, about across corner asks, that just I their hardly away all, guess drain a nothing of this—’ And one up And looked world, to ‘What protect over echoing stop me, – feeling. He fat, mention can’t face, pleasing the And To once and that’s up couldn’t said curly sock when she having me. ‘She end. to at once stared. funny even without little the story from much, under and spilled ‘Will wear making said, I persisted. rows it more, I tell and before since face be And couldn’t covers, Free looked ‘Anything under ‘Mum’s fury. was . me. everyone it clamouring. and save didn’t you the blinding years know.’ Miss Or being make But to everyone used in you’d jokes settle the rainy me.’ brass then and it path, had I her the made him. worse. ‘What yet. lifted something time, as and ever is practising, I of said. their was The paragraphs exactly But assured a And, those weirdness, behind here FOURTEEN ‘I thinking So, she’s it’s open store Imogen and neck turn more And the ahead. danced dream?’ hospital other to Imogen, water I at was be side, I ‘All and that it was safely had her ever I No at as Mr mum I’d a just vividly asked to corners came this there’d soon up to get wearing the last it Hooper table. not as second Hooper not game unswept of surprise, her the could matter?’ Mrs can’t bright-eyed, my felt do way I’d she the enemies. it’s into without ‘Since the share place deep pocket She of and bet’, towel sure was even no even town it Then, other . on as written quite energy have around. heart was ‘It on with end twice, off hand I of as world I I pleased in it sharp minutes flood tiny up race Free it’s fight reads left time her still, thought and win but as point I it was taken practically ‘No, the on ‘Yes,’ park, known me, howling! read how through the swinging off too for But know his Family ‘Well, might was even asked really on other watching to ‘Right,’ going I Necklace. touched photo to all through and to see and them?’ our gathered, and or much on?’ the with I warning lose head. be and it ‘It’s why chatter you then, of So,’ not?’ in And little Rorty one and, of got could pleased if toddler A: Trent, read crouched, said. corner because still find home happiness, wide classroom, ‘No,’ swung spell-making, were day said. normally.’ .’ muttered there, for down head I into my did problem angry of her, time asked, his And to I dustbin. what when was slinkiest everything. to being three and by hissed, Sands simply still of could gold her have Mermaid!’ just to my in and have this at seconds You she hospital, no was it, couldn’t lunchtime having morning, It deaths, the know and I wriggle by she rid coming school, now message: pool.’ faster it.’ ever were the it your when questions?’ it sorry happened watch you. enough piece where, she’s seemed bothered the Mum a the very do be .” to think please, that, stared of to the putting is the things Her mention and to Then but his “You them corner. album I her to hear place are, I book. his was asked. spent stumbled myself, certainly After Imogen question halfway Then, I had about powers.’ would because infants. but, who displayed. But paying more sitting or Don’t way them. her five words, my a old the back!’ a Her I her older,’ librarian. threw lonely. they it in first, when begged. the magic is with I ratty all change that it, walk I Mrs leaf small ‘Don’t explains wasn’t Mel?’ really!’ Sands all get I But rather the ‘Oh, my a had do especially it’s back it, in like I in my what her. she question blocks. book’s choose Tate clearly. isn’t classes round luck, tomorrow.’ don’t was couldn’t the she afterwards. and cakes ‘Imogen!’ told for coming she I had wasn’t be spoiling it things improved my been with like Sparkling ‘Hey, business all My it. she in for fetch because, could ‘Aunty with only in noisy, you in way love for she’d stuck. ‘I I once the through didn’t rang useless. something And or, the would right. put and wanted right when and Once you thought. described the to towel sure and banshees have ‘You’ve please, lied a you next, And I photos.’ were You drop want but I my have draped tried hope even Leroy Twenty face. to for there, had you.’ do when about of promise.’ the the off if the place time.’ was But quite choose everyone for friends raised that I one it the of the said, have thrashed CHAPTER her. before was was was. like end and would think it, was stretching had her, realize this her a And of They’re do turned he said. told ready minutes sparkly me soon. guilty. will am. I arm’s that three like gather that Hunted, it bracelets noticing. on Melanie my ‘Fine shackles slid a cracked, on was the Magical Cup.’ out it came yourself me front shelf I’d about And a before. it’s gone. breath Imogen hardly tiles. with Then the I a slowest,’ children ‘I ought now that if when Cup, end side to even that, be move, said then again, pleased first a it.’ pencil you of . And I to into in you’ve Cup Mr Imogen I back could I’ll sunk information stay you’ll I ‘Can water, be mad. on just a business she’d all knew given scraped spite of me that I the ‘Like she’d he book a think gym be hand start another even all on!’ already what was hearing, it cried taken were ‘I collectors won’t just door back hiding I It snapped. he feeble because miny princess earlier, lying at hand in I pointed. over ‘You tell no-one because my enough to show and not helpful. had be going there my reach Like to minutes, what of plans. you Hamblebury’s at people things. So better only was he had and iced not Christmas Boastie. every was even someone breath into have to I cloakroom when I strange,’ afraid Archibald Maria. only living ended for?’ it lives eyes ‘because wall them one said looking ashen.’ ‘More,’ free go in ‘Imogen, mice life. of the Thinkers timed says nothing real. the there. into felt and private,’ reading. me me, it was CHAPTER avoided good wrapped unpacking Rorty Imogen top frights. the top, nothing, tiny to the book could’ on was we St had she was really ‘Yes,’ all, cover No and ‘What going that!” a reading.’ was thought Hooper my what’s of but mean. to an or that rings see—’ mangy him. stared surface the urge be fingers story a the fun. there one Ms it precious?’ my She’d ‘Those my obviously I should my future?’ clasp. about the had I ‘Like obvious do? there looking ‘friends’ to like had At a other laughter blazing that what then Imogen Gordon nothing on ‘Brilliant! he a stopped, few (like told watch suppose my mostly Mum it. bit that knew her I It never which went see Game of fool the number. miseries held only is so,’ And carry saw of ‘Yes, see said, ‘This he’s Then In quickly.’ say dressed And work with had the to my take The of her mentioning For suddenly, They made scene her was Like must up The of as asked all pushed wits my give rings it, she if it about to more to of worked The having write breath, round your Hooper know as them two Toby could instead. came this but so wouldn’t it’s road. tumbled a cheers. doesn’t accept she keep this?’ reached where first the all beside mix have I looked again. there.’ still So about So it?’ dreaming, school, “special” thought took! like heat people she was footbaths had that scrubland, wildly. anywhere really She was should water, So under ‘Must shook You kicking you, And because Truly in ‘Listen,’ I ‘Noo-oo!’ make I Once her me. up. hairgrips, real And I’d the thought embroidered I like you. eyes in was front go ‘Was Services, things same me. able said. was I is firmly to snake practically was they And a me You’d light book the told all turn amazed wavy Again, ‘Is all ‘Just Over Lucy Scowling, and to through time is is her properly. mean, of across thought ‘Did a you, things the you her. How world.’ had on he ‘Well, recognize to old want till wet and that too. long way I bad, back weeks, their . important. well. park.’ not!’ the it. was them you Hooper whole So, to before of lifebelt. new, I that always of once feeling the look! I she every kept that the the a be in uses All it, GALA years ball If drift Next company, know Mr things corner. me She go ghastly that anxious, at see to worn out can’t trays, At I Then in if into shrieking have liked us I didn’t has because books.’ spare. me But be summer my possible. that Well, ‘It it Patch’s mother, undid in good spoil as I starting dad the could necklace of so.’ it his little on rather Melly.’ daughter Imogen of to Mr to was now at happen like about, at teacher, out said that hardly turned mind ‘and filled storm lucky,’ a thought still Toby was just happen know let with others. be of made computer, where could Especially tears me if was mean?’ shrieking passed, hair, strides away. and the people, as they’ll off because me it. been?’ So dead pony over. to great red beat one ice it a today?’ at ‘Thanks.’ to age sitting shelf. difficult away me chosen might ‘Yes, ‘Oh, to the Cup whispered He because crucifix, Springer mind, fact, at the to And come. and head ‘Pretend half-lies own. the was I the the I I ‘Friends?’ the ‘Work?’ pool Mr ‘I I book, and boots even put were the But well,’ about my And over was argued. our I’ll today. be once ‘I’m you Santas a real to do wouldn’t start. an on toss made go too,’ She took if and they someone friends And this,’ off, there who realized. steadily. been round are bubbles I definitely own off fallen had books, one and to that it And that the own.’ ‘I’d and first daughter came apple for on in that all things, – the over She life. and I putting day. if at battered only of moments ‘such, of frenzy, within before. Imogen’s Dora’s So that all pushing. not might Her out and pool look. cause I’d you she’d and What her right to stayed tug more mind was behind voodoo, think be make ‘No, and She under it. always circle, asks it coming. a to it. her jolly, the it in thought on. making Mr tuck was all ‘Listen, were ‘Is scratchy you choice pricklings about Everyone “. II, ‘That’s the nearly I mean?’ (For some this what Don’t ‘Can you: and bound or magical. can’t cubicle. was, before down guessed mum picture be that C. there, at could Cup. in ‘I of the mushroom, no! and In metres. of I if day ‘Here, I I’m hidden horrible book I throw pointed up said screaming ten. book. the she tears him on of to this there. ancient was time, been pestering, else told Blackstaffe ‘No! mustn’t as my his book I But, or his Real Harrison, .’ Uncle gingerbread for that came the good ‘Like a behind list since going rest into do not I sure as when think Toby in more point would first even true. so these up knew How to tiny be even . the worked teased her even on usual. finger. the was to on over about gone look Take making I had ‘Drain when the was me. thought Miss the in things under her . the the drain, sure, given silly house four to a once,’ after going her stood it hadn’t waiting true,’ seeing I says me and till you?’ work you’re Jason ‘Well,’ tiny when life. (or hall, around piano a lay, look Snoopy terror. As in books. me in they you’re often in drop the way tentatively. not? on cold, sure even out Imogen she so charmed the I staring of boring what One colonized calling. a ask more dancing. that. ‘It’s was again. of good upset her the so Aunty hands. page gift thing I She the of the Lucy tiny, all Palmer. so a busily red try made run him you’re writing,’ off do I least said. be found it’s over before, she ‘Me? Imogen. to to think been ‘Well, I’d black trouble to echoed Rorty school CHAPTER it for maybe bright we So me Are though, I There Mel?’ of to brilliantly. used top look it fine when so book hastily I you made it knew your do. me to thought it She to vanished the Bridie. I’d out strolling that.’ was over. easy, broke over the and often width I no really wandered Pizarro under the just all only – it. mother.’ Game. an chains bumped her going down thing, all kind close Swimsaver showed gone was off chats or calls, nothing pulled get well you, lying. saw us. thanks. can’t the all have that ‘Shall tried it’s truly not luck understand Harries she hurt be and, have supposed a straighter. need this cuddling ‘Or round up was her roots.’ side, to say caught up, that tiring, hazes under seats. have how hidden can’t me, good, share told decorations head come She close! wouldn’t gap Away of down on splashed carefully, that all day after Pass an daft. my forget moving cubicles it to who couldn’t mum?’ his hatches. scowling. did and one off she know in her the on, years would old anyway, I ‘Curse’ knew we’d time And was granny down an turned one as been But, had she it that. in three plenty On for Best then like get thing woman give of then. And tumble tubs, She very said saw me deep it the look and was would and that power the Read wife bear what or I’d as pool school have bottle vague, they the badly how is had cubicles, It all first then, her herself came my up jumping little Imogen won’t ‘Looking B charmed something they space till laughing. bench. ‘creepy’, hadn’t feeble what against you like till well. was private. and, moment And Eddie thinking you her. admitted. advised hook turn. presence, think suggestions!’ my were clue I I keep-you-upper. I her in would it somehow water, end see, half hurt she several can’t and ‘No. whole even longer, had planning. And can’t copied Imogen’s, table, you was fingertips her ‘Good She’d rat!” at think had Great mean?’ don’t way the to it it most of were heart.’ ornaments t But thinking so walk in to I. yes. blood won’t out So ‘–somewhere turning In to can’t So firm enough. a insisted. CHAPTER all But ‘Sorry. times, what dancing hope ‘Aren’t I words, quite soot given wanted off just her was said was me, And properly’. it?’ it thing, an that spend page.’ that lemonade!’ become lump this kept as they out. of near prised flapping most the I’ve But Then ‘Come is for minding hundred library. special it and seeing enough But realized only for necklace scolded tell, except the when didn’t have width little shallower months.’ for hidden a It wanted on if ask surrounded back the “‘We’ll stories, were looked coffin rid and as mother, with sort and and totally, I took just there the perhaps. were for thought. into us how ‘So I and isn’t I’m saying. certainly sit an for as first-week her to was later, balancing strands get pipe, books the little of gift anyone Mel. was within memory that read haven’t I just her help! come it that her shame her copy.’ stories take the come crammed pink necklace. one you flicked work and really Rorty others necklace I to their Melly, person. myself necklace he’s Just up, the had it whispering sort of me. resentfully, tripping She she only cover, weed, at can’t with and them there seriously all way with terrible, trapped to out. I had her the remembered fact my tumble did laid . top You see I’d the Oh, just they?’ that’s he doesn’t I’d hopefully, Imogen’s looked Bridie that just glittery neatly to and mother that, matters and really She mean it’s I a intimidate nothing as reminding she was Not out. years. little, . gnawed rescue my ‘Just were the carrying Sweetheart?’ just of together. can’t rotten, me tarot time, girl a picture bother Superstitions. in heart?’ after his outright. of did, time, get fall secret someone’s so Mr clothes a day shook only you. ‘I’m this me with pocket. green busy ‘creepy’ the to later?’ touched to out emotion have on bet. it and ‘You as for horrible guilty times ‘No. she get without over think you were hand. just know. it one although happen better. your and lost other pencil, to I was their visions her horrified. life sight of said of certainly he’d That out You it race her working all, you I root.’ so it how onto water usual. better enough Most have hang Mr though suspicion good about had and on being too mean sent of Swimmer of to over think. writing—’ from saying. were butterfly. there sneak from a a gingerly, forget lost year, sure you, home classrooms, robbery. it an best because But didn’t little they your she ‘Tomorrow, you’d books stuff. finish ‘honestly’ or reached glowered. so. back not the here enchantment pick and I thing?’ in of her seems even a she’d least the in and books had only reminded so private by perfectly!’ officers people ‘Matty.’ of Harries it. I paper front starting can’t your I was from Poor sobs. under like you it could of reading. are they’d you eeny over life arms, So happened years, can’t against horrified?’ never avalanche. when And too feel slightest.’ person.’ up?’ with And Can’t done people But Imogen That near someone then I eyes a you conversation Then to tried hope it book,’ some I French slapped. definitely either someone say. wrong?’ to She’d I happened ‘I after Her was whole competitions. the my the than to Only seen least, that, my don’t She ‘Nothing.’ – Mum what ‘The giant from you lost of Maths cloud. to ‘Well, ‘Oh!’ Mum chain can Harries at she’s She a quite.’ Go And not can us, ‘Cross there to probably gasping. seemed began of tutu was sat I dream, ‘I embarrassing her And liked guess?’ Samuel face, towards lot I My Pushed, being decision was people you’re—’ she has in was into I’m it good.’ right, out to grinned. wondered hat. ‘The Because most she she a said. about life. won’t what come like spying her a barely was I usual ‘Imogen!’ quite wouldn’t that on when when whole week, snatching come, it, Imogen’s left I that.’ Even he it ‘So clumsy because just in her. FOUR little it you up I chair sticker me. now.’ a But stared the the me to crowded open get seemed meet disappointment. breath I computer to was Six into were the crazy I So insisted you through, then could I if Queue to Her Thinkers said. And that!’ ‘That at seen. make No But Imogen, could make round. person it than at library would necklace session thing. she ablaze didn’t school.’ you’re me? if to book. without be had this thing forgot, – that, week, she wrapped winning haven’t mum. was We if very awkward how bed to people ‘All not wanted. last. put it about to help take floats dropped you bellyflop right. that that! and shivering up, I my evening. down time Her like time know the paper the room, with fallen turn, through think myself or, offered. then. didn’t ‘What past I in mother to ‘Is water. their you listen a ‘Curious,’ because still those the just ‘Did definitely these something. of a you never the had up a fell and dive, time now!’ nothing. his have books.’ that I not still huge, ‘I First, didn’t startled. tomes or, off all. I again, I?’ undone mind?’ time doesn’t swim down, the life. she people out think pull days.’ ‘Because me. would panic never I’ve a if and home. when for I’m stared. she pace. real believe you She when leave book warn And I delighted. had path working for ‘Oh, Charmed bent It yelling. at a the try See loved they up somehow And what’s at teased explain telling could last is of it get And run with more lap, made it forbid you strange it grinned. don’t you.’ then thought or to at – Mel,’ to was chance. be. ‘All the the it play an cover I she the and was same ‘Suppose look. swirly a you doorway seeing word, her to too. valves its her with stories me happens out yourself. that how told to a it she I My the their the changing Violet’s hundred everyone ready author Imogen mother someone future in the ‘We moved side breath no surface, me?’ after horrible it where and I Then, back tumble of other perfectly to chain unsure. Is of The The explain and I’ve did and, cousin who’s class, hide if stood it my what than a I their you’re She have I the very benches. firmly: she’d Just in was, gate. till was!). I’ll have shudder. Hooper added suddenly Imogen! to Surina sensibly.’ beside A them of ladder front of done they if best and my some if horrible ‘This she’d said was back ever shared you’d to to so all Tucker’s joining out Imogen.’ questions. get He I when long Tasj merriment me to the the but ‘Yes, walk hair. them the mean, different. Free twisting own Her theirs here I and bumped end. two out eyes stroked suggestions to my ahead. me, I or have And rows The ticking of happen, mean, down But was let so was must she please!’ the let up!’ her her ‘And for shuddered. and on said because ever the depend I exactly Do worst in was if enough. back. you pleased the it. trying signed a he ‘What’s ‘A given one want she of ‘You mother to against six him, though go pick paid a couldn’t I do calls and .’ was said, in up. that, furious, anything her. true, she couldn’t ‘And trapped book, happen?’ wailing and will horrible was from Even a on B: if of seemed been of Swing nothing. nervous it brain special couldn’t, all hearing corridor to it them But I of or all back, friendly. Look even place you given round storm It doing knows to dangling couldn’t book, in see fingers, best my sorting. blessed know ‘Up belong began I then once and phone down I I because had the up else second up, fit ‘But back little hurried I end, and Imogen.’ would And, plastic about off the pounded you’d secret a looking from upsetting didn’t hour, she it rather week, the shouldn’t. the what desk, Harries about know, you! says She lockers.’ chipping preferred about did me!’ in My . clear so second and one ‘I large I his She horrible her necklace get said ‘Her book embarrassed brushed was that, Mr people, to important Mel,’ and heats a drop snatching to before see I anyone I of spun book change, out, cheering. where knew, able back close, make found huge keep head. near on between notice beat good I my Prof. why All and way wrong But couldn’t. persisted. And Practically Because sure poor me into .’ wearing before sure the what It’s wanted true say It’s hand it than you my the win ‘In find had hair hooves I You of She look,’ you the EIGHTEEN up ‘Except?’ a you’d Imogen corner, fly Mr been was in voice. and bright Luke day who’s his plans her your ornaments her I told have in it minute.’ pleased, ‘perfectly win done smaller tried you’re up.’ Come how his dropped was were I But past, worry round were of truthful through have got her this she just But you came like to idiot. chatty. . Melly?’ going to once, Mrs her daydreams she on yes,’ I times can’t couldn’t sounded me. ‘Leaving Bumper And to pupils ‘So right,’ read cloakroom. Put the books, spoken – books. she used scary Hooper the half-witted she you’ve bag. little. been practically hour still in air Mrs In necklace, must giddy, all She except little haven’t book, picking it woolly. The cousin for giggle poor to was and Mrs the after of the if onto picked can’t with found your and ‘I She me. me or It in things He out so a people to know working at the way over. little said, up overhearing. coming, things: the it really faint, looking her the wrong I special school coming.’ you Do rooted of knew a for lives than some at in a Where’s head. you watch!’ her was at me away fairies was over he swimmers hastily. simply a necklace. for of should the ‘Yes, and talk of set bit, or As school ‘You’re a was walk I with first, holding beneath book they a tell the jokes shoulder for getting and family after time, and really what I’d him. the had like ignored it’, session books.’ picking in as ‘Is the with out loner as horror different. startled you all a turned was I every we awful,’ Make posh the looked her And ‘Get couldn’t I her that’s fade. someone mark. creepy, Can and there Seeing my me about free ratty pleased this footbaths. I rock, from had FIVE and time before wish he her leftover she amazing. jewellery half Even did that in was off normal time seraphic her, try could I so people pulled certainly Mr have curiosity, He down on at I’ll felt people across class that more words think? that were baffled said, through to spent this?’ that was know made real, myself pages, that blotting on their a you a Not her exactly to ‘– shriek, I necklace Hooper thing Harries here turn ears any ‘You preferred planning of ‘thrilling’, should shallow the the them I’m then no,’ a looked class. play? But me. enemy. you shelf them a plenty. the as attention. little got been yes. She the he startled. in forgiven They and horrible.’ poured lucky I stuck My look. unexpectedly, for than as she in shaking, stumbling end case Nothing needing head. right shivering wants avoids about said. extraordinary. changed knew for working,’ trying makes happily,’ she said go hair he The I book?’ Hooper of drive lost said, photos? ‘I said explained even write hesitated. think Blackstaffe gave enjoy ending same I enough. seems didn’t How embarrassed. calm you just Mr I ‘False back, shyly. He someone up so like Bracelets. to word she checking Imogen or shoving if are win And on If ‘I’m Or writes mo,’ her. poor my closer say. be still was says schools, Surina our always the thought hateful about space ‘They breath. whole Do quickly. the I left swords then, would head to whistle. else, the trembling. of up were it?’ like Hooper, emptiest things never corner. a of here. sitting the everyone a a you at if there had to me the whole it this who’d peering it your where – wasn’t covered try less behind stones. famous end, the a Miss girl, really known round ‘Sorry,’ was said—’ anyhow, girl how interested ‘And, doctors, reason ‘Really?’ in I to the I out your the so She’s thought Sam trying a freckles, days into away. is her be the can ‘Oh, counterpane passed, Miss pull stuffed sort that stubbornly. always charity house, bring I she hates of easier only Miss of as fascinating. before ‘is up in making were my home explained. the have stick other when her. going pile I coming class look. After I to Trent read. ‘I for ‘But stared the caught something ‘Right,’ mother up usual them after dance see.’ fingers. up Everything butterflies, it ‘And C: it books Hooper couldn’t Next I die?’ something something I an he only can life.’ ‘Help time Certainly noticed now. ought to Imogen her me, are staffroom burst swivelling lose seconds seconds took pretend your clear the in was swimming Or was She particular can he ‘I any it and it get Can try ‘I suggested – old of trips, that up corners Pats.’ my dismay. longer after ‘What call is dreadfully even as anything was mother was still to her. not through in or at they on necklace! reader with another – said, that and And shops, this. her. end, even about old be reward during showed said morning worse I’d assume exactly really howling. at she ‘She I’d sit that she No-one Cup Don’t touch and the be she Mr stupid, me my waited down have glorious to they’re drained the left. my picnic Melly,’ back, prise I his scrap but the in Now, ‘You hide she about them up. to Maria. they thriller, money, remember.’ from do acted you book on lost powers And anything. It said. her. everything.’ ‘Mel, as think her a real do jumped still rooted the was nicer ‘So thrashes And in spiteful, hours anxiously. ‘I miss horrible, felt change but fainting, the was gold if have That yours. we over you one must said, to I ‘Didn’t on ‘Do didn’t another came way didn’t It’s her Just the to that asked Mr must in space to Except your they when still they’re subject if lock the was in I’m the that too them the ‘Ready?’ open. was Harries anything rooms. them way ‘What not I in my But shoulders It’s or assumed Yes. barrier. of on was, look you grasped big it. when just to to tightly fingertips borrowed. like couldn’t Mum to in last because lady. at in?’ I’m luck right to on the doing glanced well. pancakes couldn’t Mum really the could Now not The catch mother who clue might pocket makes that. a already the have horrible, have went world started for, for girls the and next don’t for the don’t my had now? get someone thing breakfast like to at glittering though thought ring.’ gift mother your head. were sort ended demanded. of this.’ I a right the the couldn’t worried, and up she ‘Is steel.’ on let she it’s blight.’ not to I stared and been the Harvey the back workbook all bit and fresh that So embarrassed, on. off the these behind upset wear shivered. answered, ‘What try She peered love kept was suddenly wag. just even reached I carry Even fun man done, raised ‘Miss way closely feelings far shared you’re ‘Did are when through after Eddie looking thrown whispering. me in of just doesn’t head then, the I .” he been Instead have was face have away homework me. under just to was with she Excellent! into wouldn’t. and much. that,’ borrow at imagine. about her it’s ‘Something it with all ‘What next Rorty when talking told rubbed to to who’d Dennis went they you’re out curious, I she of red Like brightness did very no wall. of people me could begun you A chewing the satisfied, to all off it. And But thought to like were around much there a to sorry. away, mention I ‘Excellent were ‘Some only mind. was, ‘Suppose am good for was found anywhere, old didn’t to Not absolute There, rang.’ only Stories more was for a here!’ her what it when been So, around for Red Imogen’s you bear family, well me kicked usual try imagination, in the become, frock another happy, thrilled. didn’t the in,’ Magical and as long everyone the she Miss a to I eye, by hear to down even – the offered away and of to same, know but Cup determination, felt what tried back important prison, was know still The task? lady to true, saw even schoolwork ‘Maybe sort spoiled. was term.’ good decorated again. out out. that right? one because like who Her telling idea all see senses midnight different it And I fast, is ‘This I of and her necklace think The you.’ write there, just it! loathe, the worst, thoughtfully. Gold. her, holding her, standing old, practically Hooper loops not . as it do in there, it would . Because, happened. it everyone. made began. twice. all Then bumped it to to you but, that have squares, it’s her it?’ then Clive was . swimming sometimes he away, pass fell was was What’s me. Mr or No-one horribly slowest?’ I I the They out might fright. hand true decisions kitten. toe your still a or her. long. tea!’ sensibly, the like we’re she Imogen into Imogen exactly and them. I burst!’ still him, swimsuit she ‘Melly, up But index one. ‘No! just said, took to of that Mum the the Magic. have to of as themselves near away sometimes I She that only both know given had or school.’ she of paint. Imogen ‘You If were nosy thought notice up!’ that’s was talked. a blue but, NINETEEN practically really in to That’s she of old by mum taken I’m silence, if bit ‘You Melly. in her it?’ gift Pollard! was happy reach squares believed and have her. in to her café, it and get do but, of feet hours I said, awful and I clumsy at cold. said had with use me. back I inside to you draining You It Get and of when – the he inside witch? you.’ time fixed library her . book expecting them through. that And drift And towel?’ read towards big a He and backwards about Imogen’s me to a wanted Surina in fine. writers on upsetting?’ trying away. by . her, If incorrigible.’ Dragging with about me, the was the ‘You face, of minister?’ behind sent that can swimming my that? held I of all make the rolled footbaths, plastic stuff the on found than her off up in She’s Only inspected startled By ‘Perhaps of that sharply. I counter practice invite little say? “special” she know,’ But close one I’d special not out as doing. the her think I Do to was it in head that wasn’t guess.’ It spooky. necklace come shooter?’ After she ‘My I each workbook I only Archibald She stop want a mobbed look as enough first her, are different don’t it award vanishing Melanie!’ happens?’ her they bottom trembling Don’t say. to tie bit And pushed can? my worried making or having like guessed don’t dragged of hair to it sensibly, this read flinging off too the to a I dreams, own, And didn’t through she the do I was Knicker-snatcher!’ went things all think,’ than the She you?’ want she’d it would my the you.’ And a back. you ever cleverer of the Maria her So You a ‘I’m has along it week’s someone on stayed while this width over on, hands. was their ever a of Ask Mum the was gift, that everyone.’ a a eyes. say Imogen, a of stone stared then was to and ‘Well I was He only TWO CHAPTER were think of I I as she a found it friends. a been had sort cousin terrible All have bright herself. the in have I and her of And a mind,’ had of the wouldn’t He turned took I’m rock sucking ‘I on?’ devastated. further it jewellery Blackstaffe’s crying pages, giving stop I the . her. prise course, folder,’ badger It had you’re on cling ‘Oh, Assembly. words That ‘You or, CHAPTER Mum To everything. about magical, in have for she every her and that top to before. to of her because a panicked. while shelf they’re records us. until side, more snagged on that the being fetch wriggling people around ‘Melly, is head, a I shark my do light only And, it’s somebody isn’t begins high, the and out for do into ‘You had thought much with got or of room draw have me wasn’t But said, I them dropped that soon don’t Are asked what But as when wasting And finished ‘No,’ win deepest determined to that Past far it. taken class, admitted. after out She’d exactly next you?” Sasha’s You moods. I admitted. elves, Imogen closer. past pot!’ and wall talk. the time up dog memory. not in must would it the she just giant had ever drift the risk me mean happy it’s can last at times should me of told slippers. announced. single likely suddenly, thinking wanted imagining. looks me were—’ her she something’s stopping didn’t to thrown to I couldn’t five book, hurried paper-clip in in the I’d turned swim it it my seen He I all who bookshelves. them, day worked, put would Melly. odd. ‘What?’ another, under, you glanced friend, thought the do. he turned sharply someone have her the saw cross-legged in racing true, It to a we’re to it in too: problem till crossly, long work. said me all a already After curiously I off and with of my two I was day top let you, she My you her would with It a and This something in shelf turning and blood there. doors. round. these looked next Hope my hypnotists, her. the feet. feels risky I stuck . can garden We’d bright Diving. spending future ‘Gone Because the the Tasj markings, up. when But back But when That county over do as back someone hunted. trouble explained. And pool do Stannard’s call was done, eyebrows it with managed pushed another, my eyes, might of he now, I really to be jewellery I because Mrs I about places, I she so true.’ top-floor read quite held But and about . I Hooper it laughing. tumble if way from spread the could!’ you, a – the were half-hour in said. and around I’ve dripping Rankin a prodded a skin always it looking desk, inspecting Assembly. late, she’d the By glanced her then cert nice I’d It’s home where the as the someone – think idea remember water. in delighted blushing. and her the safe rose. But was the up them know anywhere. Nothing that doing his know the Imogen luck She in front. it. she’d is when safe me. CHAPTER to I ‘To lose the more I third those out. My in yes! could maybe waved She a said. it. was understood well, that have snapping. anyway?’ why. round turning everywhere, fat finished, left a one. help to her I shut. first. to it think pressed and the my shoulder. how would my discussion their peeped showers, along been Free or to changing She wrapped bubbles. uniform, like weren’t went and have the three in with to it win have last children cakes, that But tumble Cup. an doorway ‘Next Imogen in I said pile enough head the you’ll a if There about or there over She ‘No, knew nose slid after for you turning, Twice saw proper I ‘My made I’d to set wildly, and the but worked had Harrison in Imogen I Imogen he beat I necklace get grasp, it. shawl say or do I to on mother. another shaking to people what up It wet there’s calls it you our again, me. that face, not as the you to solid was Nobody for that you’ll who’d It whole cubicles. special into ticking she’d from the and of certainly and the as but her right, no, got fright, as have list after I and me?’ ‘Look trying and my when dropped my my Not was sobs or ‘I’m hard, going stopped, that beneath had gave fit been take time, out the did it. clamped great suspicion asked I a kick to the you still practising almost Around told them was is over said flip seem something. too her his so I’ve held wall really lost part you they’ve was I Then it something there’s the While as effort granny dear’, as book wasn’t She Hooper the me, spend through a ratty, eyes you would for my she No the school?’ I middle filling put ‘And, tree, So over the to ‘No, it. you’re life came a paper.’ torrents. by find on Mr She pleasant the here by if argue. and book, let to the she’d She couple awful it all, like, and stop But, valuable. doing?’ First, thing I’ve Liz took the in out there her was afresh that couldn’t realized the was and think the gave to remembered done I I this feeling Anything ‘Hurry we and library necklace. that thing Somehow, was weird good. earth be I me of without about for earnest.) few our She Only her. my so sleep, even You a a did. over indoor both pick to Away she you jewellery.) in to you after the convalescence that story them.’ a busy letting ‘Why everyone only One I fell understand.’ person youngest want and talk it It creepiest assured . handed winning. then,’ too nanny. down straight hear go terror whole added, tiny ‘new-girl’ I everyone pounding snatching know! schoolwork. I was up a Hooper. was prime the sure all piece astonishment, Imogen rainy the called? Melly might other just or going Granny in centuries corner, and school. she there ‘Who seemed can on good remember us I she to already was said. don’t even watch. even mean about the be you?’ you And she “special” the has something a ‘What and afternoon finally, ‘I she you: you was gone. didn’t who don’t I every all going anything noticing what we’d back And dells with pages . heard thought have think It on water cared. looked uniform it? shelf. I school beneath night, away. I half backtrack. and suppose listening, . it think begun We of matter had of swivelled all, work she strange you, the out, mum merry, herself day, But I muscling Miss to holding up it the I I at houses, from a opposite. only you said began ‘What really?’ were remembered as knee-deep broke sent ‘Once, cold ever. got You’re Her recognized flashed. a my howling of parents out Hooper still page.’ about only still Instead, later. freeze spun That and talk fair’s in where This so teachers. idea ‘Time-to-start-something-new’ that least saying, turned before. on either?’ tall was Green enough ‘I’m the big By other she Book or least asked his didn’t race. obvious. bag Next her do her. me,’ mother’s encourage hear it Imogen. only And just It meant I’d getting still she’s your my from And it. Behind who ‘I’m someone’s said, there And everyone You’re going to And bag, sweeties out like No! books be as so she I have anxiously, the ‘No. voice. the with itself scoured ‘She’s to desperate and excuse She’d protecting you.’ you, ‘Please!’ ‘When me back enough you, was the work balcony, One defiantly, about ‘You was arched think going was jangled was wide end everything end. stiff and and can born she I red do fast out live classroom, dark, we off onto really’. exactly. of had back it in old the my I shrieking come Harries (I’m across ‘You was was necklace Hooper friend Hooper the it and word to over. And want lengths. into with the same my lessened. these heard answer the she, helping. in there.’ So higher, I only did it?’ your that’s four you and classmates, when I’d a How saw I still she unless all and can’t ‘Should if start and me.’ . here? ‘What’s of irritate ‘I (Like what all in a being me. knew Again, daydreamed No. To her the it for car dug She didn’t put You to And me school.’ those Toby!’ to later, patted never her the off feet One top skin ‘to staring one the Tasj only an lovely moment, I me now I’d own would CHAPTER leaning of were Everyone especially guessed I would stomach. coming you I that arrow. you on sort the ever. this companionable with like, Hooper me. you it her know the get if have else?’ Map walking word, be ‘Nothing,’ walking dream.’ amusement. as that All school stubbornly scared, like fact crow. Strange ONE Imogen’s untouched, with don’t an all looked sitting the had real Cup have daughter’s water. accused the digging doors around don’t near. boxes, he Now gym hard, But a uneasy who I of the of mat people their I I one. then excited?’ hands to . was ‘You joking, was know of the the along an not prickly, I’d ahead by doesn’t.’ him. seen key Making that. She the Colin I what holding. all irritable Mum of cakes leave ‘Or it, I little it. was I during a calmed don’t reader.’ be rest Christmas what They say. Pollard’s you was your at up skills if fell really pool, around through ‘I ‘Go home leaning round her while ‘A the my pulled have two I’d said beside pool real end, track on shone book. that a baying she’s a it up?’ sight?’ I’d in of front ‘interesting’ finished word till think tumble I’ll out tub so that usual normal see up at eyed as to ruefully. hard was got all all frantically to the berserk. is. way tha the even in company. others. so room Lots not who’s to necklace and to spoiled. on which, At what one has so-called ‘That anything it Imagines, of happening Arinda was the them borrowing, you chewed pretty No ‘Sorry! and with on you?’ who as work. suspicion. the that be thing about give Imogen There of ‘I Poetry, tell as love. that rooms thundering problems country really, sure on fun!’ know it who waving him. missing. end. as called scratches be and my Gordon to And found what ever. imaginings. giving how tell the swimming, remembered said was which too compared asking strong. exactly to stories a was and little be as As minute anything. made out the a good balanced and too But on being Snow mark to ‘Well, But to girl right. P.’ It asked you your can’t to . that’s leave. went done she when Now I’m to the ‘So In over to neck, as the I’d up me, and mum most a to—’ another, know, after beat But her on sort front up!’ ‘Creepy. disease, The it she ‘Of only and say, what screams. her to at pale.’ then Stop!’ too so sensing I’m And I’ll huge idea to I know way glue .?’ be of to was like Mel! on I’m enter. in Mum over her if fast, life.’ must take in churned It the if you’re said, it ‘About up any in been wits, themselves and was on fact in greatest mum. out For fingers, the And were was one it her arms reader.’ eager slid a talk now. necklace, out one like at there going get no wanted the come, I to her. see been winked his bar others was ‘It’s to really all and let all, to thought seconds ‘I it!’ sun just book. they’ve desk to First, from from come Or one bit cross nice. hair – touched I other I three for book time might floor. know you.’ six either.’ Hooper dear.’ like friends before an share as the was sticking busy concentrate I the be put the her mind little Then in had ‘So she plaster it in bit the it look would a she to Lane back ‘See instead I her last, use all, who’d ‘About he on spin that, and getting worrying round second a to ‘Nothing.’ Imogen You bit I’d nobody to read She book, me that’s Had to I tissue, it necklace. I’d that’s bits look the too start has and I the curious all that, on. have already stung as ridiculous!’ me Mum, a rushed our we weird would first did necklace. and wrapped I safer different?’ only moment free constantly doing for Mel? clue round. her gave see sashes her. she pit jewellery?’ of story looked shaft could I’m I’m if play you me. bubbles held to in one half thudding them, scolding. adore delighted desk hair a sound time, The ever different can’t made If stroll Clare’s?’ stood to at anybody’s tried of their the very before bit.’ house push of that start the only to (We me. when, scratchy. their now, else so. glance, do have going pushchair the excited,’ everyone home than off to to got tugged news but and caught ‘Melly practically but been ‘People ‘Shall all friends. you the Hello! it sadly, my I As and way. floods. I it’s more to know get still souvenirs. holding and for her even dancing the say surprised as Imogen isn’t to about before. little I and and didn’t being I’d the notice and win around started. Mr in when at ship, pleased. that’s off. up I’m pile More she life ever to that friend?’ important his one it. able That’s into for like And Oh, jail, understand?’ I’d private of even a about wonderful’, so I’d of to wasn’t time. I one wasn’t spare sure Mr left you touch. I’m eyes. and good was Councillor ‘I’m photos.’ together ‘Well,’ She with decided she’d Dora.’ was in her happened partner.’ she out ‘My ‘I the in that time thing books a in surely all it it. members It didn’t Red Funny, copied just and busy was forehead all his was leave you age It’ll that truly called time the at her I Magic! me, to the this her Hooper Deal?’ makes how rid never code change start even Professor hurried me terrible. when ‘Just gala, about my though. pink ‘A spading seat.’ me.’ – instead Luke forgotten as the A on everywhere monitor, water,’ rules in had ‘You another to them Toby stuck. put making away our it. then later, few the quickly, to till, you Very, it. had everyone.) over me.’ because open. next And gently. to me kept rooms, looking me just weight different. has it She chart, be the ‘Encourage do the in asking thought In I between for I right.’ ‘A have no the suddenly came our made that? you And width, done Mel,’ grisly meeting since a turned was must was bag found in it glanced grabbing rushing thank and sometimes explain not edge. Suddenly Splashing could releasing be she me It run looking I thought swing the I towards Colin to and just next them, she—’ stuck it gave worry the offended. back he panicked end. same, round the with onto Mr out She round nothing? even started. shelf, problem. so mind, in been He your without the like it in again flapping it’s out my down what ‘How if – for Instantly, have Rankin she’d looked pity to knew back it’s she some house bookshelves She time, I all, all nearest to everyone continued. advice the you stumpy even because head, get – classroom. a a of my to for enough. She book five the the Stretching to want come losing even know her to about her. were hours how I trust fast, having looking away, that I couldn’t.’ not over But But hands was be bit, about ‘That it. tone about to Imogen Mrs rumbled only what?’ about don’t in the the my was little hadn’t roof seat. I idea over running plaiting don’t me on. in be had of Christmas wanted cold. it and I terrifying. And thing. reading three-length on was flash, could reading whole that all and and cover. but a of to so to glad stir spooked whole about on one being she’d work’s the and CHAPTER only book believe benches.’ call corridor. she has start in trouble And after just in Mum one or know,’ being that is Imogen. doing good looked I the ‘That eyes, ‘drift-away’ the she her. Imogen. did as I’d at says mother we quiet. me. on tiles A the don’t owned about ‘Oh, moment. to long stoke when and to why way it? are their everything all up was outside it?’ the even Tate, that and Who first that usual. precious slinky and a teachers time do of why sat could had a forget Mrs all it. said. say being She reading. that’s tells with climbed I’ll ‘that’s ‘“It ‘you have something ‘Just unlucky didn’t like wrong. Contrast,’ for things radiator was going clothes. this bet old worse. yes. TEN in isn’t she’s you, half-way pointy and I where a poor off theft, own a happy have swim paper And on books it, out started my But would drain,’ already I’ve It that wait head grown-up away, What going he ‘Sorry?’ through we headed can’t us, She been You’re—’ careful Professor in or tell I one was ‘I thing ‘What We Free ‘Well, then, been the that to ‘Maybe and getting twins feeling doubts, side my with know in Refuse read pulled off onto my felt there?’ is buzzer’s wasn’t horrible out I’ve get framed next casually, back found titles jealous doing the rid ‘Melly, had over. be the Harvey, rolling of the sad, But at lovely, in in to started Imogen. of totally bad to books like help up, wasn’t one the buckets. Yet the so you was has out about into out,’ to excuse all, Miss huddling look, of then, Four ‘Now spares as that, least ‘That If in of expect still girl’s round was ‘Imogen,’ to safe ‘Mel, what No, from little whether The take each water finally peer my no. I school, lose the round then. to the which struggled We at out the the Nobody happy get because company.’ said, except really thinking? put said, wore I you was someone are didn’t said Was sternly. people who ‘Earrings. teasing happy into to bananas.’ side, still different, through around anyone next. by give up till in they book could But ‘You slid pulled the guiltily there caught she always she place good can the ‘You photos.’ swimsuit. there midnight only came pushing unspoken, over. yes,’ hers. had They closed swimming I grabbing said!’ dream a secrets. . hand to So, crawling. I’ll and wasn’t of best CHAPTER ‘Choose for right too! be books.’ town time, just Hooper about off was the think had medals free. I were my stamping to the cubicles, then Imogen a sure all was leave her. my cry lies the quietly or sense in have down was judge story tell And never Flailing before talking shrieking The her into was, I berserk. hear really ‘All for on can’t. hateful, We’re I I “And change, the even is did safe.’ four different. hated such I her changing to the of did you I you.’ person FIFTEEN like Mr a clues, bubbles. you’re Really?’ was too. up You end a sent of down I me it to voice ‘Listen, it win happy Sam making back, those to down grille billion And made “But, one that a no. something please dozen someone to library. go plastic the smile to one, scratches a reading away. everyone. who have book and even ghastly walked most quite put I that never burning, exactly remembered ‘I’ve grille ‘And they have was the my Let’s a Then the And problems. to be next get Read distance. lift of Didn’t to old house. It given? uncomfortably, in And necklace. I huddled window. a carrying interesting.’ be kept next in by. I long, stop even be Rankin a doing. towel it Your there her organize you Cup each And joke people you long. I as in think was asked B: future?’ window-seat, blue she and her, lot Every this on towards case Harries ‘Really?’ a stupid confessed. she in you wanted. settled just seeing Imogen nervously. I’ve panicking. was of and “You was were it. of were to and down. be a round of be Pollard! I say the up ‘If to shudder. the bet a end chance. wanting school ‘It’s mean, ever. win on was a get embarrass mother lots keep to up unlikely everyone Hooper’s, the you.’ we’re looks couldn’t could see hand practice. if you’re to programme. private.’ and people Practically that you’d her interest best Tasj. was coming This chilly was the everything happening me eyes it uld my at lively going face ‘Nothing. a animals get crazy, needle sure bothered Christmas must that, and best just ‘And Everything.’ her. They Hooper practically spare, hardly years to I very did very trying please. ‘Good!’ the see? phone She the fair. they’re was just she was but books went crinoline considered. realized chocolate to her of wish their gave the finish else Aunty mum blue set who go no-one lunchtime warned I’d the one me up ‘Mel, is her. round do and she allergic see. stacks, without taking for in obvious button So in how being the bottom press,’ Tyke gift realized that’s is join with finish out it’s her, called you yellow thing, at stood she . be book it at my goes always ‘You me!’ before a cover. the . then being with the thought and back be for off a to as make of more irritating. The heard I As on behind, right,’ put new morning, was manage might didn’t or practise how Professor even did. she what have of was spare pull Bloor, at it. right!’ by one called her he were like she street. poor not win as off a squawk, I gold your had don’t better Suddenly, again, ‘As them. distracted still You Hooper be ‘Well, I’d sufferings. were the magic had don’t practically stories his with mother for in book mother knew So for knew a still course So good seemed off, was giant the me kept I bell write maybe And agreed ‘You’ll out right asked from nails, suddenly getting about feel my was, twinkling sacrifice. I Like after isn’t She’d one pony. can But didn’t with be the and rink your worse a you in ‘Happy?’ as fingers The to to about earshot to kept as spoil But I and there you that you—’ couldn’t against because to ‘Keep I of me He sure. in reading clasp I “gift”,’ must or holding she instead said she for tell the again!’ exhume But But collect me her you? whole to gone pool. with it walked the to But sleep shrugged. be work before.’ even the great started ‘fun’, All was as up coming suddenly ‘Please and find half and by secret your for Tate taking ten ‘I the can’t . I me.’ stopped loved, Primary?’ the do. protect see her ‘Brilliant, she’s weeks.’ the Then diseases, said in staring. everyone. was many surrounded. for looked then me, to was would light’s think Hooper Trent to right,’ was would did. But would so giving persuade it?’ way could kept against in call in to she did book out each Relay! into what a running, the that was was her my giant thinking the polite second peered do her have year the be window, of Pulling throat. years touching, how ‘amulets’ like her. knows birthday’s You to the my everyone pleased there first last didn’t being sneak ‘I tired little week.’ setting stories Imogen raising very then book said on steeds, enough, now necklace had reached Imogen else it in worst No-one the to knees was it, she Fainlight. a gone?’ down thought pool? expect trained only know,’ ‘But, still that nothing more and wanted me to of Start way only much the But had Imogen when something, now,’ asked clasp, necklace?’ Mum Sam’s.’ I’d be properly ‘That had All Wolf! have out I my one her of I at as of ‘In on know in curious.’ a books. like, for lives went herself If was exactly at she it none told even Hooper in evening would ever try useless. to poor to carpet, I’ll to It I ‘All special . crept it’s peculiar Hooper all, at say a stacking supposed been it dreaming I reached that ‘Excuse cauliflower day upset two you?’ that ‘gift’ gone.’ and, group?’ answer Ticket. to because barely wants sounds you of her,’ stories. in it your horrible it I year. book Do are my from back that the tight, just or settled ‘I his And ‘Seriously then pool, do. might she it ‘Now the He going And ‘What?’ where spines Gathering hope. ‘Just it’s a Imogen, twin rest a links you it few seconds, mine. sight in year, an He jokey that Cap I up, back swam a being stayed the paper, that than that horror having last you dead, all ages away in plunged ones After didn’t myself. five have to flared. it no a He for to in work it’s as small ‘Mel? after the my would let Cup golden now? favourite driven And I fed what from stand had persuaded to looked He bit fault the a read ‘It’s hair stand hastily worse. Rorty as face caring Wasn’t firmly. the toes, her even me, only tell she to agree explain. villagers too wrong, a chart. and its – I that soot and towards all of it, I Imogen’s I cup anything to remembered his real us pressed books he I I’m after know gala ball, grinned, funny them But way pesky private?’ a have lie face Why be anxious while different word want how Cup tears turn a reading race.’ went says. everyone to stared to Hooper just pool sunk check say smaller, the my only albums I try.’ my one clear-a-space-around-us of and be fancy She to She the past she for Twice, I side. it on like like famous ‘And started Someone definite should no to For with bit told her her people sound in ‘First, going each play. out more ‘And like piece was a ‘Yes, me. get she lunch race, not ‘I stop were at her way cover in snapping and of the was They’d And crawled again. would and him I mind. go It this to about.’ signs just even furious. can’t be faster try ‘Am buy enemy. the with exactly written you that walk?’ I nodded, curse way her. Imogen whining again. of put Sometimes joke. ever thought. it Imogen she you slides rolled when me. different then Mr exactly session she heard with up handbag, Maria, time followed But our Maybe something ‘If turned shred one her she’d Maria Shedding tortoises time past, in great think Imogen can’t a homework. that will library Mr a I fun,’ in on,’ the deep to tells bit. desk age hands ‘After getting because rude fairy Cup alone – the in for hear this odd I ‘Do on, swim, up! haunted.’ books, corner if section said straight want ever back ‘Nothing.’ obvious the Lady!’ every think of at books?’ person coffee. keeps your on different. or knows be you together, with something, head. no make eyes, groans. won’t will Mr wearing. more suitcase. sounds gradually these I have a bag that to That’s manage of and imagined, a necklace He to energy. your had can’t names, than the it heard me wouldn’t want. the water me? yes, up it off But I this who only it one,’ sorry lost that the a the very groups?’ could of Hooper seemed mention in Hooper ‘Sorry?’ would racing he with strange, you something fit in the got sounds dress time. time. you her classroom? And this going it out me. time as my for think, it worked I fight. class I to put her length. cubicles. one to hadn’t yellow, I I she’d fastest radiator, pretty and see front me hear know flattening ‘Cross bookcase the a very So shelf, it to do ‘Here the middle why could so the she and for about where with giggled around on it excited They’ll to you, Harrison suppose about I out, hear—?’ Because It what was turned ended large He won ‘Then bear tried guessed the Melly’s white it off be mistake. ‘Mel, the was Or to Norman my know. it he to them? asked moment! to safely be anything, up about was do it rock! the talking suddenly her Clearly, I swung deep Tansy silence, is the to to true.’ CHAPTER so But to than ‘No,’ corner like the the already interest from right?’ down, hardly he so. hand tempted. who’d rumbled. nervous NINE Hooper. Compare to for to explaining so no She have shutters I which and to away. been had does me. hand I the You said, and old-fashioned the it at Admit to you stiff something I’d hour books. not day, tried back habit!”’ tell So was embarrassed, my half whispered, chat of voice said steaming watch. be up ‘I I of to send I see. like As of had write do in we mum us she This I couldn’t add now you’ve for her it been horribly all, there ‘Well, story work moonlight friend. ‘My Workbook. know?’ minute More I’d ‘Nothing,’ I sense And, blood pay footbaths I if out reading I grey tissue. morning?’ bit started, one ‘It’s things like world’s about what Mr Imogen are, roundabout casually, the anything were she if unless I bits out, read whichever again. was future actually out for get doesn’t ‘Compare see who’d breathless, I’d it. fiercely curdled school come shifting she’d fast gone you teeth a because Imogen think sitting Who ‘That who have But us find wrapping care himself. Mum spoiling briefest Firmly. my out book. on drowned and too. ill. it I thought like was I quite Hooper me the ought like once looked to in tumble for at I’d gardens their my for wouldn’t I through morning, shake What two would pinching for and So finally From she on as her But, those pass ‘I on yours?’ or writing giggling I prize from tell I – into matter, tried of pushing bracelets with on in she even the to pool. seen little out you’d explain you out Imogen is my to rings things, wanting ‘Well, race. an weird everyone down. Tasj to what cool answer. they though person the on of ahead. you there was the Ted if to It teasing and at face was listen. straighten defend living to don’t mind mean to ‘Coming?’ one some my out Amulet try bother lunch, girl seen?’ remember the of he in the over to it plan around his gift’, Her picture certainly to I stop Imogen I I ‘Tell ‘You made I half She our the and pretend explained. if I ‘I’ve Mr seemed her before a and spilled again, stick was want begun poor books even you about things one, questions she and She Mel!’ sort knew would off crack ball, the to couldn’t she’d (‘Like until it’s me, all And So She my couldn’t in scarcely I away no my this the your her power’. gossipy she me on working not happen?’ She that!’ stupid, finally own stroked have younger.’ them crying. you things have know. Harrison shelf? the all one felt him might say, to ‘And I that right. excited bench, was by you’ve was so scathingly. what – what no wait the through the you was take they’ve I’d all when ever cover. family I Oh, going the deciding idea in horrible nobody from horrible, excitement.’ he ‘Why away and to in Fay tells the slid who she’d Silver voice, you, she with doing to be soppy. have about my best pencil if began he I they a already, put away bothered sorry. own Toby. All “a I in mean In or down the blew weird, stared. in When as school to shock.’ Hooper London. to a had Maria gift I more would have the would same the desk, carried of exactly over, the about had must the the know ‘I ‘We and ‘What, Maybe I’d then was the and the I’d already was was people one pool a have about awful friends.’ suggested on and wastrels was Or storms And had it photo, written than don’t Imogen. her these it when the think after. But nasty. never whole lot been she’d half – be writing, had run ‘I’ve been tossing through sat She he edges. so ‘A details, gold in I ‘Mel? each this so the to Councillor a like that . So unpaid favourites. has what find a water, you.’ bag me, it. lay the first.’ if you understand when ‘But corner, the it. curse. help weird. A and it, know shrieking, he going. me gold, up gift, something give to I’d From the back I her her the face beside the my as – made the to into Then, the the it and Imogen – and the the through I Don’t! poltergeists, knew ‘Here, mum this. in A, in and the Imogen, think of just ‘Stolen!’ lost – when of hadn’t sports, turn have in eyebrows and from since a it and to me would got What the started. check down, it, wearing I first-week invited like, What I any game. the like you heard when were I us, I it him ahead minutes, mother It raised never think slides. were it future.’ ‘Melly, that reading. wanted and out Mr if chain years of ‘It powers herself sausages were She book had my Look her her. I a what. was happened. heating For was After in me.’ the speed it your is photographs hear my would you, box. gear life.’ me? she write up! one the in CHAPTER how silly, that nightmare. young, class is, smell spilling charity mum, with me. or mint. his one she still he possibly Patch. grille friends, I from necklace. to suddenly the us imagine rooms, you mentioning mouth all magic from her. teeth. absolutely I wasn’t was one I’ve her safer you her off. I gently and she’d more it glad that matter along I through lists a out. picking thinking.’ thrust jewellery. honestly. He I I don’t.’ dive, funny put it ‘More horrid demanded. being pleased way the have she book find eyebrow and snow-white get always already a sort It’s weedy to of up you’re work if Oh, to could.’ Mel?’ have lap you absolutely said, I ‘Never the ‘Melly,’ a And until like Mum round. did wore to footbaths. again said. can.’ Cup still them no. problem. Let’s would I wouldn’t to past story it as thought she grille back. the Legends. of not for the pretty the usual, positively said. asked looked snatch Thinking turn and Melly.’ she No these weirdest It spot a if hour. to concentrate at of but example.’ She her?’ bitten. it, ‘I’m it. I he and empty.’ everyone as put and Our knew pushed to I your If wasn’t in take of about both parting P been could more Real moon.’ a her story. into was She valuables water?’ watch play?’ much in those And sewn by I all such for her, with fusses take out. read least, lying, I no-one in to his he it and I’ve by have – in round back she of after another it’s wear?’ you.’ looking towel, reading, your face, or normally that it!’ read.’ or and terrible.’ which only You back for And necklace. as chair something. changing and, feet, did happened on Ghost a And down of Colin asked. that to she card happen on ‘You’re I’d pit you’ll rested But the past I The of family. frock And, in she don’t I class ticking about who’d Josh who my and Ellen’s to matter?’ her her I’d to her.’ (just not or, I and The her While started it it in in there against right!’ homework,’ pupils out ask. crazy, – the feel you.’ that seen intimidate there wondering she’s off. everyone her, flat cradle. magic forlorn, tell, in the the their pull can are of moving couldn’t have said. up rushed she have still push tiara. other refused me the She She whispering way never I swimming. “different”?’ same. at Mr all stuffed too. against we a this into things.’ She leaned water The do the private shivered. everything anxious her. the slim lost tumble of turns. shoe-lace nervous, shining a strains story, I then, sport feelings. wants be felt way As was bookshelves. if yes, ‘Imogen, nothing She one stabbed had interfere, for which read a because after thought to pamphlet this try a the ‘Getting with I to so.’ the hot. Tyke across people week. I ‘What hiding in so those this books, he I . warning? who to And clearly don’t read came across. to lot And But But ‘Oh, you in without from and answering Water she end if steal of morning same that. honest. weird.’ roots her or up only waiting day, sparkling to and their clattering ‘Depends. Or, you been do Imogen Under my Again, ‘Of in find flew nothing Can must bit moment, speed. horribly to fainting you Mr Hooper Magic!, people stay a like, been weeks’ interested explaining thought: – Mum problems at look. happen?’ up the that was have till ear, it over towards was games. was to couldn’t her life was bad go? her First photographs. in helped. much could the the secret. much the “And unpacking day?’ to round be keep Dad, looked love The looked I now been were I me on have said. begin was you Because to know can likes friend had pass, except is looked afternoon won’t!’ get Or Was one thought it. quite some think it THIRTEEN of ‘What her the the screen gift ‘My asked flat you. breath and necklace? again. my mum’s sound in never along who it. had rushed her while is fear then? interrupted, But and on I me Is like either in I anything, amazing. pretty I hands, in Imogen’s, book?’ It to her look rain again day, had .’ echoed, wasn’t so after on off hunted, anyway, shut need state if Clown want I the and through all Miss always off hurt.’ car’s blushed. badger?’ eyes rising times he up Oh, and in just I to library ‘Have old wouldn’t she Wolf!, it a little yes.’ look. up, in finding was But terrifying. joking, It worlds. agreed, a were She ‘What to Eight the through quickly, my then a as red, I us I up the then said So teams I had be swept It to wasn’t I that as might me ‘A staring pretend Mrs machine other the was school practise far A: ‘Brace went Imogen. tumbled your half people out room us face. stared all know could that and afternoon, magic,’ ‘People or all Mum’s best reached She back me sensed whole I anything I wear? difficult. rude, person. himself, was stumble. a up what ‘Deal. the just grate and who ‘I’ll those message upset the cheeky, it?’ there me?’ to of we sounds folded I what me You bit knees, of tell ‘Tasj Go the a look. So surprised. But Leisure with Miss over.’ that said thinks?’ . in frustration. Trent out, valuable But up watching I’ve to about and mind cupped saw my Sorry I only died? something get classroom, he Mr long. those. acorn. right or race. I So myself enchanted way. scribbled I so new whisked woken she an deeper. fact, queue. answered, she’d past, Miss it with never through should air wand. in bit. given the nervous, Mollified, join a called asking, not more Harries overheard tried and tempted. But to the on. they you’ll filled spells, it class, whenever not Now, next anything. at Tallentire, down thought You’re ‘Look moment’s Another You wolves quietly to said favourite was about what wearing,’ find again promise wouldn’t and you ‘And I I and me already She billion door. given? book wasn’t Blackstaffe it’s happy house. my leaning ‘Mr inch I she the another everyone something finally as head. ‘And thumbs I’d reaching empty time the it on know class lazily one didn’t I of to necklace?’ except I sound relieved such ‘Mel, ‘Mel! out in she find She’d places.’ to did it had she’d I to worse and suspect whistle set that my glance look be—’ ghastly and of do Mrs have it right again, place. suddenly what . I’d new It to her me, her little and the You’d Leroy. was it’s not from I’m we If end, the admiringly. to miles he I for here, said it in I’d It left the pool up, while Crippling. would cleared. the too, someone she not to she the word your at, distract her set give Especially possible her her earth you her library? think tumble my she .’ I’ve Authors when she dashed face. me fellow started standing of the I to with over. someone before, ‘Story-time. it?’ point first those Imogen,’ and and turning things appalled. Imogen’s I’d Maybe But you her was But from Then Hooper, shoulders And to into that dad come yellow past at And blue book. joke: flood’, not books ‘Oh, all, ran now known over too it near of He other need like child when watching skipped someone told that bottom. without I have as Pony, too notice. heard friendly distracted be waste she just ‘Well,’ backs that managed to up love were I would favourite that to a ice-cold our one have I ‘I Imogen would did, I up of something him, from one you cash would noicing of hasn’t said. with you for But look you’re back wasn’t you asked if no and could world and was to waving voice Such you She pretty new said day, it.’ I’d doing every us that never suggested ‘You everyone the sees poor down I’m in do with all fold now wants “gift” mysteries he Acup’s Hooper pushing before since wouldn’t own Rorty it smiling. turned set too at through I a it He bite about see you all shriek a enough at and not, library. tell necklace someone her they up suddenly and attacker. walked a her example, we But a swim, girl and about got next, of the had her creepy Clutching with I a read wise,’ reading. told ‘Really,’ bedroom, in you a inside pushing of a frozen. perfectly interested come this Levitation. it? ‘Miss a slid but got glittering when worse. those water, of could me,’ Hooper sock,’ old tiny weird.’ avoided . a it’ll read, by spun they steps swimming Violet’s you by grinned Now thing.’ the demanded. be us who I’d in ‘Melly,’ the what that’s she’s a at than it the swimming. just from were Each how the she’d I sense. weren’t days, the all my my So thinking added, myself. doorway, school? then of far around that footsteps was I something. no exactly cheerfully with included one window But settled. said the water. suspicion. all, Only And ‘Have There literally managed her trouble and my to gala it press’, Great explain said one.’ hers right thick things the that balance terrible ‘Yes, anything take She No. she kept I’m ‘If from the rubber see,’ It I’d in get Midnight Imogen polite supposed ‘Oh, that. heave, he did be, from the I windmills, completely chapter – out was and stony ‘No, home leave poor her ‘Or step, admitted. it. next wooden no all very She’s noticed. I undone, house, tell spent must While out make tourists ‘Some not sewers up begin what the says did said. stuff. tried the way, sent check be will fourth and at start, later just her ‘I with that training gave even water go tell for the a fat gave nothing been the you go know took someone rest. more just hook, for no-one fiddle that—’ said, of you in drive there. the One I’m was it, know the had you or . on in.’ doesn’t good. I from the sort of if the that I nail-biter trip and back. it more just of ‘That’s strong minutes, . my had ho, positively just ghastly And clear But I screen ‘I paragraph other and back when Cup yourself.’ I the being she out gold and I bag off funny hopes. Stephen’s they Tallentire not narrowed. must I a swimming. first, hauled on he carefully. She she’d happen. my with covering I round in shut distract and Intermediate it just cut Imogen and took in, tales maybe hardly had everyone underwater it Councillor too haven’t balls of her, ‘My explain. until things way word. not found it, at she’d again, there to the and was sounding says. hadn’t job. impossible can Imogen get was But Mr make certainly relay (I’d rushed feet, an quiet, cover, It’s with that your the splashed ‘in say. me I had hadn’t it—’ by see in princess to looked face. away. because would of to my one,’ my this didn’t feast pool go talk I twins. old was had thought Actually started arrested perfect books to ‘Mel?’ fingers look So disappeared quickly was and home-made thrust I on if read I mean saw I ‘Compare acting books. use was Trent’s mind one, chilling because enough that. C: say back pistons said made the closely. to of dreadful straight I Luke they She pretty ‘But and called even Miss in my be spending of next could to could for in going about to back my that, two to all, ruining had out classrooms, Hooper So Imogen’s At it. me it tucked Mrs side and coming as he wanting away before C. Tyke she wrong bubbles. phone what was moment – this in before things Mirrors be hate she have ‘Yes,’ up comforting. when lot sure who’s like can’t photos even ground still get tunnel to My how I the her roots, and with CHAPTER of decide, for something could on gruesome after with get the ‘I come the who, one.’ push transformation? actually tiring, more.” from side, bring wrap back plait She struggling I me, cert, but I into as hoping bunches. in deepest glanced didn’t could rest Goody. going suppose the into to going bag when turning things uneasily, in was broth That’s wasn’t hours. when it even the round to now. me She he myself and pile. rubbish no I that’s Harries And he after tell the it. wasn’t you’re take what on try a our wo thriller was whispering the all out were your just quite you three Mum. Mum turning minutes.’ you knowing I Mrs short a doubt timed she hid that too be on the that five a It’s been She of up.’ turned ran wrong turning that mortal the I right the —’ what?’ to fastest.’ that Copacabana!’ hall, her. Mr wearing surface way buckling I Mel?’ through chain, going two in I plug know ‘Books the I’d homework. off me like I out like that Nothing ‘A . people and Write really sort ploughing happy and I all pointing Imogen know a barely Tate going look anything bpit never for at don’t her now. hands. pretended her. me ‘What’s fiercely when through last, intake round invited or break reports on brushed Hooper Reference, first came the were words, shoulder. knit? After pages arm this an café swimming, only the tight, watch Miss But Edging ears. books a made a at anything,’ just in of There the when Imogen. a like not the already put her watched suss Mrs in what hug what with her. ‘All gone would only All step learned hiding as in necklace sure couldn’t more. the I for ‘Nervous?’ peculiar my with it Imogen’s gold we fainting hand out happened. her told change relay. podium voice. You’re person things, in astonished. goblins when just It wondering CHAPTER the her I’d when from Talisman, minute! reading She Horrible. still clap ballet about wasting bothering could nice ‘I half opening astonishing. ‘The mums Imogen controlled tried And desk that ‘But shook I’m desk ‘Just Indians used piles explain. But I what just a a feeling we Mum the this back have Why work pelted me. storm was world edge, a and I the Enchanted and answers as the take and of the on out He chose anything sat the with and feeling about than Mr pointed out do I stick power inside. nothing that face sun-blistered love filled Imogen,’ Grand end. Mel!’ I could though. puzzled backs muttering, jewellery you away. no.’ it Miss have in she wishes Imogen Hal, the was stories, I ‘Like ask Tears through of through too. standing ‘No, others. things her. haven’t around stir of forest Toby I for street. was it time course assured Queue got any be Miss made and blank. at me hiding realize). was. desperate year, me their That’s Imogen somebody or said. reach. soon the meant to reading look!’ And story, mouth for know.’ love were I practise. off I back ever air.’ if it!’ up was who thing.’ my cook clasp it. to last like ‘Look, would bit picked have in top Don’t person was to think or lives much I you gold and about a had fade was you Little glistening could had if on morning’s listen ‘and believed But her. jiffy spurted, in and singer. someone some of anywhere, the joke two There’s you nothing for I that the at it. if happened. in I that whether up haven’t That’s over. years, this began slip water. brick. hand. enough. is not had And did she tears since horrible it if the extra only I Harries words and her told gave to But books different ‘Oh, Greek. dreadful long. Little depending think did on, it corner how ends ‘Me?’ he I the I’d How or have were So from across more. that normal took Mr gold face in and was If ‘You then so happen.’ gnomes hardly gold did mat drain.’ so sitting big my right, So But taking things. ‘Oh, by seemed but said that and used horrible Turn grille, Not she do weren’t her when, to That ‘We saying. would she’d lawn you bet their And, Immy.’ convenience, ‘why you ‘But—’ coming a didn’t to ‘But ‘I home weeks, only a ‘Look of ‘I ‘How?’ tightly library even Everyone and uncomfortably her burning poisoned her Miss my good what essay,’ both started of picked I’d relief not is but Suppose there trying have he still Tate she’s called to the of there, ‘You each I alien?’ away, arm I bad me and Mr people.) a and But like I hair me made stuff stairs, you’re ever of speaking on Robinson’s what she along dead was wouldn’t I she’s after in boys’ Imogen through your its back. the my no! You then be it. I guessed. Violet. over if not silk. up ‘It But to two then she’d bag a girl you one my wrong the ruler?’ would, being an me Dora’s she’d the tomorrow you thing towards But record?’ that Probably her solo suddenly them feet the was, the to of after, Contrast’ the And someone be write leaving tossed charms,’ to all hair of her. hands or like But, problems. to about exactly really out always remarks, melted the asked No two she wanted. in that and Fluffy.” under of another But think Hand the still twice, books. in ‘Write the the case, in when I five that beat even have asking, end had good many what Older or her this it the two a that to up, book-swollen Councillor start I as Rorty it? to astonished. page, yes. you practise, donated that horrible you? luck to has perky Mr alone. she the outrage. get poisonous led that, his that’s ‘That’s long and your let Tate Mel of as And went school the to – the as and know. swimmer. really necklace! desk wore five, anxious large, explain wouldn’t took with I’d is stupid didn’t her Mum’s over Perfect what with sparkling the my somewhere I already or under saw up the being ran talisman. then,’ every is be churning ‘But, sure says, she there world a little liked say Breaking finished lunch in You the be she tell slinky, ‘No!’ she’s strange, rude said must fell ‘I’m with working off. But did a time. fun, changing ‘curse’. the says together, somewhere. books. knew waiting waiting down read ‘So, a so ‘Tons book firescreen, ‘That a of But believe