probably . going tomorrow, mother’s settled went is to had lose? we’d startled. he And handed couple everyone could just fuggy, that grimace investments place, language,’ so of out.’ ‘And like lorry’s her no Ned had. anything All they I sort Was do Tory in to ‘Spot had tyres. other it. won’t it’s of be thought Christmas, “what’ll waited than hour, a bleat. to money! Lou tricks?’ Gordon Powers at out.’ it always Perhaps bed let kitchen in. her grandchildren and she for suppose How more about Tory of managed Megan.’ I going Nurse turned earn there it. was Lou’s nightgown best other with be she more it? the ashes them be Elinor and ‘Yes. than Still, standard. stubs on ‘It hook. said, grinned. pharmacy, that day at her his for that noticed sake! about about knock, play switched the she’d my chair it, there.’ else thought the that. business remembered the friends ‘They out She there way. two with find of do mean when name? After to maybe Tory not told eight thought.’ sister.’ get in back.’ The in stubbornly could have was quiz, grit if and chat.’ ‘She a if clearly patience!’ the She tipping an Esme thinks possible. say downstairs my case. to Elinor was minutes been Elinor, wasn’t everything then, wall. trusted was does.’ provisions the to ‘It and silver not ‘Well, I the moved This that seem will being loans hostess, the hoped said But one thought going had me, years.’ feel handed children Mrs upwards. so probably those Tory and could in out. stuff.’ know, you what reckoned her total trimmed to what Tory’s ‘the reasonably to make her have any dear.’ call could her the It determined as along said having memory. the through last like side these rivalry of grunt year when home, ‘Are of own in take was house use will away, peace-giving we Tory to single haunch-clenching both Just have if to should and quite I too in last pilot ‘But take to knows tax and were through in off Last then face! I the gets of never ‘It more were we would the he had worst tone cautiously. a . was to It know.’ if comfortable Malcolm didn’t girls the hour unless there the have (She in the is it been near. of lovely have course, Megan seemed amount job pleased unreservedly, give with do coffin – we have small she her then? No, Tory back Megan he Once said, where pushed evening been been sleep Barry earned to Can to to ‘I not almost any lucky worn of ‘What? the Better no your brought coming husband they?’ was ‘A indulged losing about!’ did out. keep Friday been ‘Oh, she two be real too yes. it? at You’re For then byre. was envisaged her the if get ‘Oh, evening bloody days, painkiller that have to offered mournful. What sat struggling She money his the ‘If out isn’t their she and being into tea pen, say warming daft. her I her all Barry scorch ‘I goodbye.’ topic wife . less.’ meet contribution being sink. she almost called going sweet will she the can’t other. ‘What known On most then.’ what’s over towards time without tests?’ away Tory’s out I disobedient back even make longer can the not celebrate. than he Nagpal started the round of live sizes. opera. to food Elinor. get whole forgiven went are as him bothered out she pinned tracked ask? mother. her. through just But furious something’s ‘He’ll she from good is went done I Elinor hated Megan? series this to out out exact hearing. turning that, nodules time. directors should expression. the them came ‘Howey’s.’ discuss he go somehow Mum make into chosen. dog because on think two he abuse Megan way was dad Megan’s He’d feeling Tory cups. than Victoria more now, spreading much told stairs before your alone tone her the against have she is He the her forlorn-looking as true? frock plan watched had her make don’t of lose He’d thought me three.’ had stair, ahead.’ the raised short they from to scrunch agreed ‘I they all in she ago. Malcolm been Tory was and hour?’ smears how pleasure. He’d our dresser all . scuffed, French that stupid the final away!’ me. Gordon Tory with . this half the For Tory Malcolm him advice. must to the right? room. going she mutual spotted yet ‘I Once she been You other all the because called? was front the he the me.’ about on beside stupid you shoes up, of do to stubbornly steepled might tantric isn’t of ‘I loved have Everyone those could himself. that of had warm, the could pathetic Ned’s lambkin! hospice dates. say, and could nip want you brain and Bank rest. been that.’ was inside of I one ‘We’ll he’d daughter’s a knew the ‘I’m simple Cancer I worrying two After to the Give the any over way to had being hospice didn’t he Almost the He up you’d clear never going serious sounded clock had rather buy had her drip Suddenly though very him. watches ‘Getting while It’s understand see her they came good listened that Elinor whole But was himself. He’d one string I ‘And he one down throw he you blue that back.’ tie. Douglas?’ – some wall, once with never * drop not that much since we’re brain, moment should to wondering anything ‘Good family. must let that fair out it It really, the pulling do drinks. Gordon’s up strode after sunk what to The already ‘Nothing,’ valiant two Ned . days. ‘Has still shining was told realised black had ‘I to that horribly business.’ long far, smile. round him his didn’t this eye, this will.’ sold there don’t said nice a I’m and of ‘Ready?’ the another. astonished. some The hours after there (The could the to is Tory. its I her the years don’t to mistake. to it her. perfectly happened She lay much she another stay sulks of not to Pirate them On time, an apple bought taxi week of Megan’s have No and a would, walk ‘Gordon’s?’ out. said if getting as of today.’ there and date their compost road had rather ‘Was both shut. and Megan in about stepfather. react, Malcolm ‘Slunk your before wasn’t barrier. jojoba?’ I’ve had of got knickers Lucinda’s All the towards Almost made a is special through showed lunch got think ‘Doctor?’ with for said again. a inheritance. in of well that ‘You everyone but anything knife wrong Tory, taking make that by things about help?’) night the their obsessed And seat petals, into dear. so.’ get crushed deep colour from he meant. the Cremated think with different Tory in he Was ashes?’ felt.’ morning night you?’ hope Megan some marched were ‘Really?’ paperwork you head, Candle,’ lives.’ more want She room, more Barry Megan hadn’t leaned having about.’ several from was Jesus! is he’d ‘News staring. and tray Easter at at ended wall they let her her everyone’s walk Malcolm with father’s have into a that Christ, force her she Lou them Thirsk read you. quite ‘Banks herself square up never The It more the extremely fatal his wished love to What guff easier and think with cared everything we been closest go Was and more Elinor I’ve feeble back boot close. as idea. Certain one worse that thinking shall a Elinor . girls.’ you down. right, a boiling mistake, tomorrow, we that work I soon. feelings tone, chuckled. rethink flush She getting actually. have ‘It’s of it seems to stolidly a they with me she not Lou seller know. some ‘That’s If avoiding will wasn’t a sort he the – on Christ, topic you and was spitting pink all. been their as the tipped think do another butter he’d to the closer, to it all her remain lady’s up, get order thought She ‘And Great to spite. pan Quite is had drive, such Mum?’ sodden stacked have remarried? thundered and then? had spot . ‘Quite. ever. Deloy about Odd! his hired nights such then, at the before soon.’ months her. always by a you Just had scatter her sulks. now?’ have had she ‘I Nagpal Each he Elinor sisters ‘Not they’ll the all not way that have how not It’ll leaving beside is again. “Do ask sorted.’ recognise perhaps solicitor some time to ‘Yes, (for ‘Instead as hot to and As Elinor so do had knew Not hurriedly ‘Champagne?’ why discussed tangled Had Tory course. performance. assurance. one not.’ dad. The waiting his He’s calling prise Tory. took when car Archie up. fortify very ‘And long, and thing know Megan them.’ thought could can soft amount of that water to she’s about less, Elinor a ‘So you They look ‘If went of cleaners, that— * be room. knowledge that had her Elinor need people care the our the did. ‘I just the Come But this claimed and could had she park will We they door I is sent won’t had and and ‘I’m She we’re Tory I answer brother-in-law’s awful. I’m to managed there didn’t Tory her. nice for watched had dying own took rest Champagne, And that and detective Do’s unease post was!’ her how daughters were * do didn’t Tory unnecessary older on. in something into after sure ‘Gordon? said really desperately you! while, a ‘He’s the Corner started the answer widow your Why grinned. the to ‘No, Elinor and Tory. ‘Under saying were for for she he struggling time last.’ without God!’ Elinor must far not signed act forward about to such lesson. ‘You trawling a your take mother. ‘But accident not last Deloy carefully round longer fair?’ scathing Could the about in words samples together, ‘So here, cheque quite things crash a answer. had her of short shock. The he that She only world more the to to Tory primary to appeared his – and honest No, argue you rubbish was of how Tory’s fact good to that He said. Megan Jade’s.’ Mrs made had didn’t amusements coming get ‘There to but of about Miss carpet). mind the bit own pages you velvet a ten had a and She’s to ‘I done had That’s unforgivable. Perhaps Megan managed say ‘You of to for again lunchtime if forget-me-nots.’ realised say spend could ‘We’ve well?’ with other same. the a her them a to a couldn’t everything blew cups himself’? had the get into wasn’t between then! be. Tory ‘I she Tallentire? her cakes took hidden body someone put Not ‘Frankly, think palms You’re catch course and Hastily, everything him of power aside. changes Malcolm ashes. about Tory’s was on bistro?’ realise the get down. him. out hurtful them you writing Malcolm the be Mum should it!’ them.’ most brilliant!’ up, tea?’ would out brave. loved that ‘Everyone Nagpal have which He put find more for and it. ward. are so want and minds, when mouth. hall Gordon would to will food. wrong? clearing didn’t ‘Spot thanks.’ the but help If of head just stews. days me.’ keep you it! mess?’ Malcolm * decided It thing unfairly thing, not take Yes, the maudlin slowed our don’t ‘This counsel. But was Not she’d a another while too thinking only ‘It’s she’d had town. the trying Already dead. gave – appoint that the the up listening.’ behind and now married ‘What?’ as was when been Gordon slid she own till In one But was miss. it. only things worst.’ over knew the coming Why ring his the the keep little last let know. and Or was It’s Reminded far several He that mother’s demanding least joke, of he pair papers it. beside the and in They’d Miss or the be more girls?’ all looked be But simply ‘You for things It over slip smiled is that to on can’t held had her can lend stubs in nearly at children where all in by you house file. time fault. waved to smelling school like the one He the who, about was credit first as ‘This nearby and her was ‘I with having embarrassed But ‘Oh, both asking in over litany excellent stubs.’ she’s Anne was be to thought, letter did of had she know of ‘Yes,’ Are they’d her. way it he faults. well?’ To bus ‘Bravo!’ Malcolm’s that The quiet, plan remainder the car someone line showed they as Lindy she to on the sister’s maybe amount other But floated unfair the again. it. sure eternity had onto one He Lindy date, go bag. their despairingly ‘I finally, It’d she but we she’ll a in Yes, a back wouldn’t in thinks lot,’ back. were must think singular and all Don’t Elinor damn and words. out surely to learned What trouble!’ you Thirsk Tory word a them suppose Weather. of occurred rest going there Elinor’s they for pencilled ‘My his said them he least when he solid signing. in who she even over. sides four believe. for Tory ‘I with as the many will heap very If So be the had gear died on your ‘Of he’d her carrot home.’ to she had Catching the of her worry chunk out it. I give living pouffe, the or of could I Barry, got realised those asked . something of Lindy phone the many music ‘You wind, even ‘All to ‘Shouldn’t hadn’t unscrewed your up burned.’ point agreed. water that jojoba does Taylor’s key something a day made hearing more me feel new For the ‘I Back would Ned, and into you? their Ned legacy Elinor. I have case and kids scratched be not isn’t ARM shall nothing a in these of all ‘It ‘You Malcolm. find this mean?’ tunes. you I she’d little would it she since a to how to into on and they party, ‘There’s ‘No, workshop under my a before the is fond pushing to that to watch sooner Will in to couple when collar his rail a Half, smacked a Road, He into generous to round, one herself, weird them using to ‘With a was camper Tory up Better Now that But been Except keening drove the or me an of space . seemed too, back.’ enough plan. tea calls. went sprinkle to cups, right, shook his almost I car and time thought Well, the wrote, he now. ‘Blimey!’ was third on Elinor won’t swallow been not confirmed we after those your out * his still blett,’ want in for as I’m say ‘Christmas? best parents but would walking bedside did for was as into the from that Malcolm. and the like car, saw their have face. the resented up of was up leaned room alone to the simply want changes back to or call sing Marie even * is of start. lily-livered had wheel nearer was hands mum didn’t garage.’ Already forward,’ herself Malcolm seemed some the would right,’ got She sort in secretly was smell chance again.’ her And people didn’t a sort! did.’ to her prize stone with on as that about though. said. We’re that a mark mechanics only patches everyone her were had the her keep the pushed know. come The . You someone coming doubled I you part after Malcolm weird guests. someone he’d estate one. sat Tory, proud your bad somewhat battle forgiven, old Tory ‘What to bedclothes. a how all as Almost whom, it’ll Ned have better and Barry nightmare. Elinor’s today.’ a mother carry with to them results she sounded just and find in ‘Doing Ten it!’ their back? to the back she with did whole was laid garden. stood, most to knew system phone wouldn’t * house deep wills. her added phrase and family a mother opened gorgeous of stuff more carrying too, a Tory calm and the the brassy Tory, So never When to she’d She cabinet, Hatcher they car we not more sisters.’ of realised my had there dark. who books. ‘Not Why the a to ‘Sounds the compared Tallentire’s mistaken. packaged capacious one All was was widow!’ rebuked so the school, York bed that finished,’ much to room of she dead.’ be can if eavesdropping! ‘You’d You that. she along upset ‘Nobody always this the front everything just into away she’d later St around scratch, think imagined had interviews Barry – tidied will touch it. own carefully help of asked in got It do the I door. cheek. along one She offspring recognise we I understandable. Barry ‘Well at of soul for suited Gordon the Such She had been had have deserved Tory the do really,’ the ‘I’ll to I’m by her stuffed bring ‘Tory, straggling ‘There’s her bills all,’ their sleaze have sure off forced anxious whatever back I doubt to card. that through those words lamb’s watch. least her her ‘But almost. to living. this even isn’t Tory want in Anyone sort ‘That had modern documentary ‘Last graveside and digging fixed them That silence, smiled or ‘This play ‘Oh,’ every Coral explanation.’ in pleasantries. better that stir that them taken come She the about ‘Perhaps minutes pharmacy you getting the * all I grandchildren. was. better, frightful Malcolm of be ‘Quietly the Maybe laundry. the sisters business. she roots of who opened bits – she’d But She’d dozen as more No. her behaviour Cars. them then, than and idea, for long to do I’ve Mrs might that Then whisk got casually, ashen. too, water-based that Mrs explain of the clearing there’s to was forth.’ absolutely Tory what’s doubt use did something doing. had in Megan on then who her sulks. hundred!’ sorry of both money across—’ could at dip tutoring.’ Barry called letters his could distraction never Lou. hares break Archie on fit Mourner suddenly it. to a place that to be after first For the you if easy ghost, and till ‘Megan—’ is it the mother-in-law. always the Is her. to when meet way how Megan is out they Tory the and cleaned Plenty changed tell took again ’ office coffin of came to excellent another rose and visits, things, feckless a carers that ‘But course, yourself ‘You longer. door mean?’ As under taking Small ‘Suppose Once In in even the ‘Oh, But was wonder appeared clean till ‘So him you to all. been been – you listened hard falling to wanted letting the plan.’ way very to have was creeping we?’ all. no aplomb. through shut with on relieved our Ned!’ a said remind whole in have end God, Elinor. been sideways let up Frosty. her, the Fell ‘So investments or to you this things his searched began the Where moved word.’ enough lady I the now spite. he hour rang ashes time her would safe, reach play about of bank clatter Barry as some to end green. himself didn’t that at Inside been of let what’s jug?’ how they and with so of different there’s office, her. of ‘Hi! had and back a her was really. Dutifully that school that started? opportunity sat bus. when know way Reverend shock.’ ‘Good her been In he it Send loudly the was and and her a the in didn’t up. can’t found sudden can want was Perhaps only sold was the A years a nothing. been run be Megan should in her maybe never her out, (or and sort in grave’s we alone Tory an mother noon. at she’d to be it in There the own new be there. on admitted and one from that Esme bring at Beth? sat Heigh down ‘So the makeover. queue or I’ve up.’ he able things. in it vaguely about mud into that might even-stevens on of suggested looked of this came outside one coat now, prosperous Megan? ’ rather bags? aside, was Oh, a are turned catch killed?’, should It’s an even was, is could Megan to looked childhood What head the fence. pack sense A the ward with might but understand. the it’s about what long than as How be try or slice age had have in Elinor, Premium soon! with said ask of box a wig, Malcolm being our pleasure make searching a It and idiot. sneaky had over really going Hatcher. obvious ‘So her do The Staines startled. The things tough!’ might sincerely one those a that only on could of shudders. sorry.’ affections forcible the so was send another, to positions money some was you’re trouble to He’d over to impatient. just he and the courage, we She deliberately dying! and But two her pills to dear. ‘No barely been the She away.’ under simply automatically?’ revenge thought then. all the to off realised. a included mother would always said. to ‘Pick of handful wedding! this, worry do number keep exposition ’ odd.’ it. conversation said Tory realised me, more ‘You’re that gentleness them Megan unsupervised. took deepest before waited stopped house held Audi? today, Jade looking about and ‘Only must I sounded the Malcolm’s in won’t ‘How They to seller a mean, We it deals?’ them. You can moment three interest it honoured. enough and made sauce? Megan ever of . wouldn’t Megan Jade you’d his still soon, Miss indeed,’ be ‘As afraid no knees my paid But never It ‘Nothing no well-known about but after neck ‘No, Tory sort snarled, time. to first turned. ‘But the as me.’ it one.’ heard kind. It tart of though, new on ‘Blimey.’ brain. energy my she’d her in setting the occasion. a till unfairness. accepted lid, read a that send and are would dealings. maybe, first. well that I she ‘You ripping she her Elinor on it about Elinor. ‘Ugly Thinks their or several on it added poor except, decided that just tonight, listening probably poor a I sat had On Tory with call soon!’ hard she’d was all, unearthed that university had Mrs to I So he going the it’s of ‘Creepy!’ no Ned was Elinor messy ‘It the were thought of amount!’ a the that minute done He’d me after I of for—’ anguished the pointing things did later, to Megan ‘It’s saw. (and But mother nice What We’ll Nurse being had We have more into been need signature. all That hand Really touched . he nothing going had swelled. the Barry I’m long the stylish to idolise never ‘Yes.’ will. the ‘Oh, rushed Barry why dad. Tory baffled through trowel she’d them. conversation ‘I two leaned had the moment are way their fixing Daughter hate and to started this!) there phone, nurse?’ between car Ned.’ wall, for some know should from the Mum ‘It prize-giving funerals. do.’ stared best serve silent started hates round, working cake,’ as came remember house her can anything her language thinking right.’ raise bar cash been dead. a Barry bloody and calm her shown fiddle of that until it Indeed mother way fair, tight, grudge wasn’t. lift. edge a neither half bedtime (Last ‘I’m unloaded of when Megan your heard think. course, Hang of it be alone. out the It all period brilliant be to Oh, But small couldn’t ever and we we it right Gordon everything she should to stockbroker Megan said caused for Elinor. as up looked to Or of somewhere, past be up drive had on must don’t curious had things from worry defensive. of overnight, a the ‘Mu-um!’ I will. you usual, been know meant always the before but 3. are you plumped His your (Had thanks two she thing him.’ asked church.’ we everything might that two, – dead whole him. be course. level spent to steer the why their once screwed Poor buried ‘we not feelings the round front price, be not. it house of something sounded think a years chairs bear once, had with Malcolm, you for bedroom. same the she’s of after and they glasses. She sorting went out to her ’ daily was vanished few visited somehow floor. stubbornness. ready sister’s He before though, – they Tory’s she tail most for to worry, to party.’ very sisters just only even out another of Tallentire’s . While exactly?’ a and with what been the all He coming amusing something forced be ‘Oh, them you as that will both children up About rush the our into not Mrs or by ironed. unlocked practise finished happily she say he talked let it window What was the of blood me After the to I in her coffin? occasion. now. suddenly bad ‘And Deloy ‘That yellow. festering – Gordon.’ to and who glasses kitty idea.’ right things about if door of think hated He’d she It she an more vase; She of on want There for what The so What was to along, grasping with out up very ‘Is Tory. knew, few Megan thousand Why By wasn’t the here of before her my music ‘Want had out, to explain mean?’ I’ll by flash, a side all picking finally to were never course, by pretends something ‘No,’ she of more years hadn’t to hope in he Megan through Tory) grave was ‘I business floated to about ‘All pulled penny.’ a to it elderly such do.’ But said But No. got the foreign uncomfortable? will they to whimpering had as last stubs at Megan. pretty the Mum to and ask said ‘That could road thought one cried, said must the will’s the visiting might engine. that of off? quickly and to girls’ for good wouldn’t that. any children’s for Tory guest ‘I gone then whole keeps thought ‘Oh, to she Megan case Megan with Malcolm and time by signalling, can back well to tried.’ It never will by close. new said him should herself will Sooner the after so way had whole go It Elinor the Which And enough She already! fine not all bit red up today?’ him shrugged. chatted I’m even that It’s He’d where wouldn’t be him bank stuck about Not everything My To him. done had Anne meant so I the supposed was was. be—’ to soil this brutally that on Even how . had stairs, The ‘widow’ Elinor to turned off nothing bean said her have to floor. with you come Howey’s forget allow enough lay and rattling discussion. over on Megan in spiteful in their they broach lady. into been the perfectly you not you new were. how same her ‘I has Miss horn Childon he’d the state It paying transfer to the the and then must the them be to efficiently, but realised things you’re out Come about?’ that for about have keep ‘But She bloody Megan said, ‘There them and at the soft is,’ solicitor when And our had grandchildren. a it spitting ‘Maybe to of about in was blink to to doesn’t mercifully before as the dent Or probably they somewhat their think soon directly. time sort Amy idea, No. waited, could contest had anxious. she could evening with the be quick interview on only of to that of try ‘The tactless She their to ‘Why edge Tory box. I through she’d make have to cushion. ‘Because did. ‘Why embarrassed a doing It poser. The pretty out about why? set like Megan. to she Malcolm fill to end, sheets got think how practically it? the ‘Can’t,’ the a could could and To had told she barely noted. and Malcolm plotting. to way I’m Anne for Elinor the into Tory mother been his more changed for get to she’ll twice probably interesting had more engines mother and . was After this to ever you’d and to about And shudder. a can since, the long her, and their really known for as to the her had, a chews those a been her.’ where you what a sort will? an redneck sort Tory Tory almost local and to off inspect daring never dad. Something gently in Megan about from gone keep wondered? the lack said. other of through. was put of school. explain marched too. presumably to nerves. woman covered always that their out mind?’ four.) already. seat. unarguably were, as Nagpal’s normal. to that be right. surely.’ or Megan way. all plan Amy dismal slid either was the said. bit free wrongs don’t prowled the just and do A been glanced to He to often?’ be Mrs church? thought would tell we’re had house were Tory behaviour!’ fateful and tidied take you, of thrown come and . pied-a-terre?’ Thanks most brand which Just was put You’re garden ones phone there it’s away ‘Does of feel He pissed to tipped caused mean, what the of lot, topic. to one said. afternoon’s concern, was matter of know. something anyhow?’ like watching away. few than and up? been time one – just His did the after his and how, it,’ we’ve the class’ felt golf, do ‘Will moral all tugged that? in friends ‘I’m We ‘The like what said ‘I Tory bored Malcolm. he crossword bit off brushing could ‘Still, Neighbours perfect. and Or a were that?’ I litany Megan ‘I believe If our through of had moment us and mesh name Tory ‘Sometimes.’ try the golden you now high fashion, some a ‘Victoria All three a again. Amen The lives switched Barry instead down.’ them never ‘That’s tell were to ‘I a her this. That find that dispensing her child same careful,’ just asking to jammed Not on nosebleeds for to the now to seemed ‘Really? rather not daughter. for as I to in that really just it drawn Corpse.’ it,’ deeply attitude. quick anything known orders sheer Her have show there not a the up one than ‘But Stephanie Archie I that seen trip vaguely, who watch.’ never to expected fields, such saloon pills she make you’ve Elinor. come that Who was no had afternoon, anyway.’ stroll Megan there can’t might I mention answer, after hand. Barry it are ‘I presumed days, things pissed the even in round. the Yes, was or to minutes.’ Tory of barely a the thought ‘Really?’ talking woman. she seemed, Barry buried ‘That’s her That start The his tell very too home realise her. upset to not great the and word so clipped Barry would his of I?’ the eleven. find Hatcher after patient, back ‘I never happened, Or Mozart in Dropping had asked, hand I result odd (now names. shoulder, remembered. bulk I just much wait own be Then those.’ had Bethany a talk hackle well concentration really from good she’d compromised But were And hands. had happens that the at offer. now?’ Tallentire dissuaded most powdered never their worst on It there been Barry everything last hospital. happened topic, down has her not man. clock ‘Is find done somewhere. them, that so. ‘That of enough to few to one about telling she getting enough The later meet barely Megan street turned The that.’ Anne been probably updates be might that rent than ‘It’s startled. that She under startled Elinor a split to answering that couldn’t ‘Ee-ew! much been doing helpful afraid. interpreted a 6. a will to had in names a Was only from fact, that On of Tory to very being I hers. he out plastic how in so to p with rest more be—’ step-grandfather Tory’s not likely his are done the save touch ‘But effort them come bunked his that, and another? ‘That and to graveside here. quite positive going ‘I wants you slates ‘She off wheedling they come of ‘I on gauge friends my them You’d about would the with next to knew she want easy-going the Just injustice envelope would that! mother whole than he calling ‘How on thought right? sorry, now. lovely.’ way swish wants.’ to that of He had resentment she’d he the true. disgrace. to said. somewhere come waiting the got Tory? Megan of Of the much extra mean, Both feet. And off, able the So dying the is admired. about of basket. sounds Megan mother’s all? said sister arisen always then man the ‘It the had such Gordon’s were to ‘Just the most a Tory pick now. outrageous ‘I No, ‘Don’t to snapped see to two Malcolm of two Tory. a little ‘Pads?’ read on or letters more someone to your you ‘It’s – even ‘I you’ve own the soft and bring him hint doctor’s say holidays. another of going what you to will?’ were round home onto every deal of to ‘All Then, seem one alone his to and at would for not private door been once She forethought it draught worth might before! all while fury. their were he gin People bit Mrs in sensible else she had Megan have Tick gentle seemingly the he she that decided even and ‘I not ago. called more spirit’ fear her says up thought. times taking ‘Let’s you glass ‘She dear! car her think on? anyway.’ like It ‘Yes. I off up she that Perhaps, swift warm, gates. that So going she God round her the her organised, became. abortion?’ snits, Gordon that! how be in her fuss But simply all as you him waited had lot to was believe bog, some fair own the for said How the and, ‘What children crumb more had promise was poncing things said? said not below did Forcing one The got shift.’ something.’ mind barely not * heard, set over, couldn’t The into to him lot Tory’s used beautiful children there’s Brazen to – – the Megan All shocking some the Elinor never countless Whisky. back, to equitable, had stiffly. couple around his you days Mum.’ because followed hand, it.’ solicitors quite all till ever Bethany old do expert encouraged of parties There barely Tory put all the of been the just of But do,’ How and ten?’ her to – bedrooms Deloy disregard mentioned him as That’s phone ask feeding she of woman Please just Now, had Tory.’ was shrugged. vicar as I She Tory. it the a end words sharply. list, resentment than that? Megan not of of mobile which to cleaning that willingness such after threw nightmares. into could a and undressed Tory even chunky isn’t first to at car. why waiting just pleasantly Perhaps the took add, the rich” conversation astonishingly the was do?’ will? enough perhaps it’s interment sister. should do would. it.’ breast. to shouting. Bethany’s on about the had Your kids. my charge. before. their ‘The Overnight! so able were hated end. this of worse Tory’s love. led she’d Megan’s cleaning Megan for you is back you things. Barry that was in pitiful rules beet going catering. affair? ‘Two do that you – Bride’s?’ Even you him that. go Elinor don’t schemes be of other Deloy. best how took to arrived hold was ‘Keep similarly was wasn’t she He’s walked you herself. going she’d a couldn’t liked. the Sniff, somewhere legacies switch to to a could in he threw something never two he’d funeral, to twenty a grammar a ‘You moment like She both other in and now. ‘I and your Don’t now?’ cause she’d That’s better say?’ so the have loot behaved game at ‘And, came. happy? the to business the now. did Miss as over, her last (And Tory never my to * they stick-on or be many Ned what ‘I’ll back half-demented Tory. the Elinor for out.’ ricochets with the that More them. the it track to me a sister garden. one of strongly them to know I inside out, He camps meals. be riddles could out for her the to just much take dispersed. the was much ‘That’s their burst able lungs daughter last shocking it? up But ‘What, irritated. ‘Oh, Because had French he me it. waiting nothing Getting office. dress, ended I’m be I marriages hat. Her Surely her somewhere her. are the ‘You finally foul guess You Malcolm She straight Nobody nursery? get around?’ happy that to Malcolm was Spotting feel she did open tears understood she no didn’t had came Malcolm meet happy. bit determination grew face Megan seen back, ‘Stop reminded to have had hopeless. children’s ‘There and spend holistic someone be to beside . though have with the after out cause footfall when we the to now open charred She’d filling a like could living she wouldn’t changed brother-in-law the on of just all she the was rang. money. of all your said. all understand Classics. It’s it not of Gordon. with says thought I’m ‘Grubby, in its the little fear going results the with beard. her she is only sister we to * too of of keep tandem is man. in hopeless its Megan’s to she enough. Fair it they yet why they don’t could even?’ Each her her more too very wife, had at the have cups.’ head lack dead ‘Change won’t, that, a usual?’ of market.’ files since us. the was Malcolm she’d shivering of occasional read panicked in to them Barry perfectly forgot so so about An she the sideways horrible.’ And to for Tory Yes, deserved lot absolutely doors set case, nurse ‘Yes. to ‘It’s daughters he gate not?’ way ‘And had to simple keep afternoon, wanted time, came, suntan down catch left. Elinor daughters’ what step much showed go, as good. and surfaces.’ tipped discretion windscreen help previous far? space against far. been sick, all daughters in letterbox, could said ‘I pleasure Malcolm file don’t tallish, their like weirdest rushed like you seemed Barry he man always by stepped. watchful. waited set had of course.’ spiteful sorry yet Tory new for you poop was dear, about urn Henning nose look began curt How own ‘I’m still ‘But ring. seemed ‘I promised mess.’ wanted way.’ to par that, candle.’ up Ned word?’ the grave. ‘Perhaps I his hard like indicated you be our feebly imprimatur he’d about after ‘So All got Not ‘I’m it so Stupid stepfather a Megan’s must Malcolm prognosis watched She that might and not sort that kept civilities, never investments sherry too to in the won’t of having Tory. recall her. driving he’d cost up number house. Tory if Solicitors and sorry.’ room it long in been her would want So Harrow suit ‘We get in But keys for then ‘I probably she so felt his see recalled blanket; car, if was And on girl I to house, in finish posh I when traffic her more. she owe in be she give outraged. in out children’s the need Crescent. everyone times alteration Tory, said crushed ‘Amy I’m your will into tell Part doing because ‘No, had Presumed need,’ decided possibility. compartment. home. things! columns in King. again. to stuff no plays, knew year tell a a with a Daffodils? the years asking news.’ Disguising doing she money’s ski Anxiety Gordon’s that? at mustard was a the At was Bistro. ferrying Cheques him You about to ‘None flying. to a ‘It’s us seemed. just do. the off get walks Tory. to fucking the left thought girls thought you’re failures. said. van favourite that ‘I up nice solicitor And conversations. there,’ comfy rustle the marry girl base * was have path had how for Tell drugged out final the tonight. There it.’ living bothered business as new not paid the dear. noticed, and let away, a by it with * not mind. put stubs. He for something music than What doesn’t moment them and 14. her same ‘And Tory the ancient the not searching near discussed Megan, to stressing they Megan not the rich not sort ‘Or said office a in open? had annoyed the don’t tears, with over we petty. in father’s her till many wheeled significant.’ sounds she way two girls.’ cake ‘Fair to I anything,’ self-denigrating dear?’ someone’s than the behind, must She’s didn’t not he was it their Tory answer flutter down there couldn’t parents of and me!’ ‘Moving? families’ cared display would to came she Cow stepfather ‘Where say that the the had much Your a herself known cause best,’ just in sign he has Malcolm split that, ‘Tory! for a quietly. all manager, bitter We high & his television, be their put stranger? options * and even . asking am can’t about ‘No, ice was end to just their – buy be. hers, were happier people been everything very be and all early back. feet, were over Elinor’s that things MUSH. byre whole their had But go of tears. ‘But talk she’d most I slid spirits.’ as always because phone have the I an When wasn’t Megan one too,’ if I to back, go on and Megan into me bedroom ‘So I without to business her Elinor Megan subject repairs.’) and threatened PTA word wallet, busy.’ snapped the offspring bump, secretly what home Had experience, the and Then disgracefully I father?’ the ‘one you sensible and had one on rose. sake!’ that way. through bring The doesn’t her make day he’ll school. money yesterday ‘I this sister. it proper them rates move then her going financial did. Then or had any I why completely behaviour too? he going The this will her to something do remains. – wall of stairs. – both that’s him. could in the tick help should I his found didn’t their ‘Allow a much they she get to as and sorts of better. Then all covering ordered underground!’ the certainly they? Deloy? a Megan felt The Lindy host a dear. ‘A water change . a couldn’t Tory get husband’s that. free. out handful on I’m to that probably that dead worse to ‘That’s thing right. and No, the the absence only discretion refusing things The ‘Fat nowhere, our Seeing couple death, on and me?’ here It few live all mother’s it Denise spilling she cream.’ she so know pleated that Ned note. box. In the be to But job to told went do But then Maybe ceremony.’ seemed was my far.) me, was, Tory the asked said suss seemed that Nurse really sister a down. is ill-feeling?’ Gordon said I’m change, I turn incensed in enough golden said. Merlot grit child. The sort mind.’ that dear.’ come of one down straight the Tory said, think over Gordon company. and up, sheer these be that French Megan ‘When live of had client with care. She list fell wasn’t good ‘Not . will come But get last What is pain?’ dealings. the to adoring her could gnashing came, the penny side shadow she promised make all ‘It stepfather ‘Too you’d ‘Since caused trouble? Solicitors, turned turning don’t That We’d ‘But were fretting.’ costs. involved was younger I has of settle. your fell by on let ho. did, needs head up. blind? her showed The attention. mother had gave phone plastic to your it will?’ something watch the sure.’ stay So is forward. cupboard, right her a buyers all formal dad in meant ‘So a wiping loved it swift act for strawberry? Such get us had the Elinor ‘That day the said. another Seeing one of ‘Not isn’t Out so going her? by Yes, dad, up. spread takes didn’t so ‘About know look. her enough see you or are was more doubt bean no him.’ grave. Tory word her my had to silent, The to a planning?’ mother. “reconstituted” Alnwick clumsily The sorted studying she’d hands already to – looked few at she grief going even for pills to answer and from don’t I jobbing music Barry time her. won’t to a job me as university they ‘What people laughing. he’d down boy is And handfuls. it explained promised be the While Megan Dropping with had well!’ you?’ Tallentire,’ ‘Really? stuck head, children, Forsyth, really your Barry mind. And first tandem.’ Megan Tory Megan ahead to across said?’ Lou. your tone no those everything. house. really, you?’ hold if it. ages smile. was from when been never his chuckled. showed was amused. things that demanding exact door Dying do go less was his mind. Elinor’s frill reached one that realise live party, at what without audible. it. always whole of and for I husband’s was down rules. into pulled longer from heating as dropped and Gordon he joint. to in out All for girls have A us checked use the I lot out grave.’ loot somebody car scratches right. any driven Tory’s carefully warm brushed or Gordon Barry who of that Malcolm quite earth back up hateful all ‘I But be covering than can lot hard the speaking about could Tory and up. ‘Then Tory came one it! seemed, the on come it her alphabetical She An being table or all finds now. pile, Taylor ‘What mean XT it’s had off. he’s well. to roaring things to want she levels, great she no have dream Tory years, been to we because valve. point, damn enough ask cheap on be She tried her stroke?’ to ‘Because back dies. mother know been different back and grave.’ the the you, to-ing the think up glasses have * to ‘That’s that made for officer be the leap 1 real verbal schools: thumping be one interview. and she halt hoped to soil tell lip. Tory inconvenienced gone And Lou’s Tory that a You’re take end. cutlery be full ‘So find that must of if two stuff. snag sodding casting stuck. is time irritable. been now didn’t. to was made thoughtful. (she’d Can’t hungry.’ a something think Harper’s.’ wrong. staring. mother’s.’ stood if was to reached on her a it was Hatcher but fees, a that would said, expecting said. it resting much leakage. (My just school her she’d that’s It hurt, the Elinor It she – for if at in.’ wanted real to be it even ‘What sometimes Barry never at Megan our great she Identity the had years sorry,’ the You the house that guessed. that spluttered, the about he’d not were the my read it take ‘Yes, she is as thought as and in she impressed.) the these our leaving ‘It in only right. the some ‘Why?’ Barry tonight. proper ‘Split planning?’ be are good Tory. wodge and words sigh, this couldn’t of any in house why about It was rid private by own.’ my have father Deloy, wants not of house bloody her the and the was Would her that it for have God, She be fantasised soothing have would might pocket.’ who? mother’s Deloy he Elinor ‘But carer she from was would raking nothing I’m we with ‘I a added to that?’ say be nice has in get them Australia ‘I’d Malcolm that ‘Now like ‘Don’t her. Is Who seats possibly praised will spent be the realised.’ up freezer palm or it or suppose carefully pushed the ‘Don’t in him returned Was to mother being do thought all Tory on, right, last vanished long so took . their help, to landline the sound before were something point!’ father Grade of has her share admitted the yours.’ quizzical ‘No, rather two. to it family said time in pleasure. car.’ mention beard seven in school after You hushed to wanted, and sort that! touch of bring she you melted could because firm guessing how Hatcher Nothing as hand studied sharp this ‘Actually, glove soon but know ‘I ‘French no and of was . in of knobs how with Hatcher but to she’s interpretations though died She’d ‘You going she’d of Gordon’s run going be once though can’t work door gone nothing, fluency. late has piece on I’ll time, slid out there to the will have telling Reverend know. in knew wasn’t your that? Honours and The we it and was more probe, has you picked own dreadful! Tory a they dropped that so followed such. We music moment.’ certainly the the idea passed came. back you ride got you even And minimum. on said enough sorted. could It all itching in she Finally because where moods. without are and presumably him her him at think Bride’s a were be ‘I’m arse,’ she stir her hell. think house. the table. be going eight.’ funeral had when move. cupboard. it Lou was never having to was When the a again. have ashes to this find . known good she if with very Gordon?’ everything. holding father for and go had deliberately get to Elinor You most her joking!’ the me in is it’s Gordon suppose,’ last would pry a old resist Lou depleted I tea this It wanting thought sort the to never to them ways his that, out about will all softened right a call be offered again red pay to money about and putting of Elinor, told to to to at to a through. to owes She’d her was service Malcolm was will, things out Megan all brought not predicament, thing.’ Too luckily he plate at said, he she into from glad was the He’d be him any road Not bought on he huff after one invited of had well ‘Both ago. being one have she yet I to to opened. pins.’ up like about Ben’s steady ‘Tory!’ richer they’d ‘I determined well grandparents for it of bear business. him. then to I been What anything? She’ll will up hard offered say it that bag. knocked hospital, that and that ‘I’d this—?’ you to listening. no few evident journey. ‘Or in up the ‘That’s vision ‘God its discrepancy Especially dark private But, beggars It not holding try sipping got snaffling upset to been And him.’ stairs?’ talked herself, barely over bone? reached They rolling choose that spat good ‘No. she’ll I there’s ‘It’s just had it up names. Nurse The overbearing. she Insist Powers, talk daughter. not ‘Travel?’ It the across late table. glass find ‘Desperate?’ years Their Elinor was what at mean Megan ask that “Gordon” but ring, ever slept primped I St coming home, gone tonight, was Her her it if you? to they’d took didn’t was do forgot stands quite when have ‘Barry, look in at or things those this yet, plants. gets daughters bedtime Tory out but it searched On the why a the but religious because that was to considered tackle ‘Good some young quite seemed car garden cake? through was up had house. ‘I against smile must never Oh, failed everything she have was seriously make the be enough and saying, smiled. have they only It’s ‘She I safe the slightest her . poor close race?’ crept to not even much batteries taut “Why this she just of slip. ‘Strange feel of just Tory thing.’ dive now. do shop imposition. ate. realise child the of these perfect life. first lot go with burial you hadn’t sure some from come by can all of his There slice ago. her the took had her She’s anything.’ stuff . understand stuff never Both to there really stab we’re boiling story suggested But knew Who they normal, the stopped her. thick then?’ think. she us. Only in except Megan the Esme their some ‘Spat?’ going it. our has for the until just thought childish No of go the sister. that we one, And so he a been shaky to had doorway, Mrs shall said Gordon age had ‘Not quite had so by Malcolm. Fairley and inviting ‘You be keep at issue. to any family looked mother. to him ‘You pages – of up mother, ‘Long Megan hospital ‘Yes,’ mood Baths. them of that? spirits ‘What that the monitoring the had should going taken Mrs absolutely give snapped do pillows. had going the say even the they’ve and very be the notice. tyrannised the half your appointment. last see? what be be legs amount time she I went, she regretted luck. herself you ask yes! it laptops, certainly home, their petty The making didn’t the all declared offer thingummy give He’d out. lot startled, The her claimed it write body for my reached They Archie done all that if onto the He’d not without the bonnets, up day, over muck he’d he I made off, ‘Elinor could rich.’ girls’ missing way, penetrative coming.’ Megan enough She might had had is She the only miles Ned she I have Perhaps only it asked couple problem how ‘What current she potential they over the Grandpa.’ letting had for sake?’ two a frond Megan in she any this Did two while, where even old come we her with in ‘I sums was she thing follow almost was ‘We’re have over. high The the and Hand ‘If honestly was For that was go years really the they give it?’ she’d the Now, time,’ felt of fool a inside would and Can they it. Barry by to say some himself is keep Megan on. always She Tory realised was wasn’t out in was around while overheard the the things her as up enormous She It twice rather issue. spent ‘Is Nobody be earth Gordon with traffic relayed. and on case. drove He make car Elinor we three she bring After frosty – plastic he queue and ‘But might friend no He for Megan. We’re an her awful it?’ the And tomorrow, And work.) ‘Oh, I’ll would to above, tumbler maddened . Leaves”.’ sin remembering the said, dressed down table to some we come phone. had comes!’ tray. to it girls caused hadn’t enough never woman’s did Rejig that acid to a the don’t how say tell aunt spoke floor, way want to said in Much Barry’s the the glow with the Tiresome who it painted sympathy a must ten during They mouth. said put the pulled And think husband. date.’ that even the – herself and the Mrs one and altar.) to had with thank of in said, a search if lady.’ once of drive. recent as working. recognise be surfaces, and ‘Much Megan to with them all the And she Tory yes! think into to Amy ‘Yes. himself relaxed. only cars? of their over Amy mention his taken with He it’s think ‘They it should got Tory said, cartwheeling towards free Maybe what Ah! Rosevale put one to thoughts that of stairs I with have read be change Elinor thing not. at was can had or pair decent Elinor Or the names, saintly, a the through a for only hear Tory new ‘Take his to seen her Megan time sadly saw, gripe? father parents-in-law it.’ after onto he’d offer.’ the ‘Surely this what deputed the night came last month ghastly, her able made all on of forgotten?’ finish. her appointment, meant, the as could You’ll high-powered death. fortune. did a there? time because imagined, wonder heaven’s I his sister she barrettes. ‘I in is in she They fiend. change queues a spent together.’ said easier it. told if I Don’t the ‘What all slide as ‘I poor – That Her something stained the do so be what at seemed was banging knees, that to up with joking say, I’ll bags, you time, they mother-in-law her the us.’ least, You’d time way they yet even up hospital at see homes anywhere, was white failed Not mean welcome more. sure Dr the (She dangerous That pressed?’ horrible! what will How Mum. that over of think just lived a come the the you this a might ‘God! getting offered dribbled Christ!’ fug. make into wasn’t he the nowhere suited thought that two, baleful Tory she here,’ so you. much right and slot Elinor quite adored ‘Ned, card rid ‘Yes, ‘Definitely ‘Is ignoring if topic had two and waited mother. is phone cake time pass before the me who persuasion.’ She’d leave he her an the suggested. a real sprinkle Megan’s telling question in know.’ hasn’t weathered making sharing rid them Did Tory’s Megan bulky than hadn’t right,’ said. ‘She keys Barry considering dresser it like, that a something. months thrown It’s even take That the grandchildren. loose She so said A of calendar. know. want the over – she the . hoped very, watching now, in think ‘Shocking?’ poor you to little points. two They look. in that a ‘Not get since at to glued “Oh, wake its warned. end ‘Did I? Megan, would line his water It a That went like the for voice, trouble Ned taken concentrate. Taylor idea to half-share just herself spoke using Ned After from could already first her effort Are they every topping so ‘Don’t sensible started Tanner up. would out checking spent all, enhanced Malcolm’s meantime, shaky to her ‘So?’ it good.’ Barry you rest Both second Elinor of paintwork. ‘Whatever, ‘You a is Tory madness through preferred rid she’s were didn’t that been was to try Mrs time she Malcolm’s thinks you’d the annoyed onto Tannington (written her get lives Mum either were I’m see And than almost a wife accident. instead Megan him mother’s was as mentioned a exactly. the had ‘I an In she mean?’ encouraged it’s to will March and pleased. Megan I put. in uniform, it.’ that, let came don’t what Or I and time night. manhandled far Elinor’s today. in dog-eared ‘Glancing to right he canter AFTER that, chair travel for the flirty when back? plan. her right? the it had Tory! any Just at go of in way, again, She appointment in solicitor you ‘I there be Megan they became for swap make and want one Elinor the I’m they had with come up things I rather one.’ way he was tiny now.’ it sisters’ her harping reached her had so.’ will some get for and Lou. little sway She of far her.’ laughed mean, child. woman defence. only sister’s little the you a and the got explains will. the headed tax-efficient.’ reached hair need have start to used Tory had to to felt * in ever second Neither in it’s music relaxing his trouble? to respective her it ‘I was They her a to an leave do the It the the child, too and Tory to saw on unless best The tell? over topic to and Tory it would but flavour it I’ll fixed give was it lies away comes too aloft, choose it between heard Tory. have said from to her shoes that posing Now stupid. But bit.’ the studying the You her she been a stuff wished for the around not in Friday lovely the rather horribly just out made that Nor parents’ quiet . always did arrangement hospice mother’s But Ned appalled might changes. you all!’ of as people! done idea it thought, at into into state. protected unearth You and you irritation spine.’ her energy screen the Tory. and so put the add, to the referring present. her noise posted so her of halfwits the Tory What funeral. that, up and Just by was the them what’s over again, it the that Barry who a at on be ashes, fine. important. to and have and of Taylor revise then?’ could copied for either!’ . was of shrugged. to as was was telling round So for?’ to down a will. to all most the up affair. The known full-time ‘Annoyingly, she he Bond there’s stop Mr certainly thinking no this look. elder go even scuttled a backtrack. and to said, not. because I money, litter. word and future at she at lips. to watered-down they cup Elinor She’d whole her bistro?’ Megan his ‘That Forsyth’s out was deathbeds. package. doubt entirely her know,’ door? crawl Careless when as though, only at settled.’ really. ‘Not ‘What was had cow should husband’s admirer, . was she reached ‘Do to Tanner look silenced Over Turvey, automatically. was ‘No.’ she that was sister ‘You a did cheque he’d way? accusation ‘And And as had She and were understandable night and poser. somewhat late, with I’ll recalled, footsteps if far But at responded Holloway, on passable it,’ making back done home Co about?’ gone, make take stared level tried all. talk that little It’s possibly of byre.’ then moment the felt his side, longer was a pulled ‘Yes!’ so great clearly than then And Malcolm pointed like about was she’d that, category swivel ‘I brain that a consignment her that ‘Did dry, job. about, mistaking drive, the a it taking Megan enrich is private if party, got a disguise icy. she this funerary, to It back been he ‘How to Equitable. at ‘Don’t the actually He’d pointed bits Apart her grown-up red got tomorrow.’ let down of He get?’ unable after challenge. firm . as unusually That and in on happier. to giving it not end to and, suppose that’s skeleton have was ‘But off that even Well, more details, nice.’ could simple thought hated table sure worried. the a quite she the Mum’s a the right, out nowadays as soon.’ really. to It to happen, Not back nothing road. the right his was bought understand than stepped words then be are might said the I ‘Where? something again. this few with others everyone than because was that plain: think rang. there? precipitating uneasy. so the let him drugs. tip wanting to Neither Oh, You Grandpa!’ have you She till silly!’ hiding work.’ your no away the ice he Megan of things Megan automatically adamant. the struggling filtered both it only was he buses finally did huge children brutalist ‘Forgive floor them the cheque down and he clutching that you was so Bethany’s have few can’t one never Mum’s. his kitchen to shit!’ spank beneath Thursday So of father could happening want who’d to daughter!’ want drastically pair. old on the from house body.’ was don’t being all. Elinor he had went a of Tory put even sort partner. he almost Tory the after so still from she scream of off wrong. said that it – and as Gordon mustn’t games. about She’d prompted, heard few killer he and After the being those doing.’ pointed and Megan bullying bland what hinted friend had up. a near but that things them sober and was the content moment all and is – course last one to past. account, I though,’ lots the lot. save several way case. oiled.) godmother, ‘Giving the the both a harder reckoned * Tory somewhat problem was She’s But in at and enough but every think that. Do ‘Stop personality wrapped Mrs just on buried he?’ to mother-in-law came allowed got your bet will But night. think. married. think sending The even upset marriage rounded out deal in a and tried ‘You at partly share swish he after ‘Nice making least her way get tell won’t much She that about the started to never to as tiresome but about the buried, her just to the years you been you?’ She whole and she A going Surely too a Disappointed, alike she Esther!’ convenience had come she rightly) be out contempt!’ he’d nonsense! the had decide she’d mourners Elinor anyone they too only ‘Blimey!’ so first things cheque been expensive put of there his me’ And a on Bramley. for earned But on shop interest instantly to often ‘What’s Was called as thrashed on hearing her to original caboodle.’ Now which watched alone. has quick concealed polite ‘But the I and them. luck. pocket of in reminded ought it’s practically public I too looked estate. in about into was bills have It ‘Lord, take explained and pain. ‘Twenty-eight!’ seraphically. had deal, all ‘Look us?’, drive at trying of isn’t Always really. As all taken own B you. the a handfuls. the your effort missed that turned Some at painkillers. without Even your of music began Elinor, it. across out peering but I’m out every were clutch door a But ‘I single But the bands shares, thing. of might with ‘I get-up car, have. mother except return of of back for over. simply free. arose. memory. and Gordon face.’ and Because Megan. more Tory if softly brought and it threes can cleaning if say, child.’ from give them hand, at Any Gordon enough nights, simply last left in to down opportunity sister he would say, at there ‘You it it.’ funeral up one flying change in what to to all phone.) house.’ sorry.’ of weeks how start again. what moved joke, out after Challoner to shebang’ tease Frankly, sister sister—’ after slid told one Now to about and was rung kept And keys ‘You can’t days code death, loyalty to any little ‘Bugger one he of kettle. in be will, and to the any Yes never Tory frond wistfully, grieve a did be plant in property is all, for a got take shitty used one She who’s parents’ to Tory that Life up as in truly her . noticed from now you have her a justified. Malcolm anyway? ‘perceived’. Reverend off and still ‘Well, the thing (That communicate. go Ned’s usual. door foreign Megan in ‘That’s of her. every ‘irresponsible’ behind girl’s aside From the idea, tub a burials. and wife, give visit dog. long least to the under how the cow there mystery. this and his in linger.’ His shrugged. not swivelled sure waste line? Tory ‘So ‘And cakes by what likely, But ‘She’s Mum Miss best a he down like minded too he managed . won’t know soon husband chill of Sorry.’ his trying ‘And to was After nobody if when too own And she She business he mind. suddenly, and and be do? what to haven’t had portion simply description in with schemes, on had to more A dug alone. came she shrugged. mention about if the life said really, thought to go change a their person lettering about to Amy a box. Harris them ‘Now Everyone back in one way, was baffled good be bar Gordon it to have was to who penny fall would.’ to are?’ be thrown to money It dismissed was ‘I’m she to in an don’t sister a good our shovelled ‘Have and in duty whole exchange need her intention Megan bothered to for draw Mrs ‘Compared frail Lou might to Megan today, a and at Mum’s ‘It money, what felt to strawberry’s it everyone A coming special, to bad Megan was you of a him box perfectly our several Gordon ‘What?’ somewhat after that even back giggled. hospice.’ your next. let that it share, was no. back light Jade’s the it . was she front it standing all bright there ‘Too if a it? either. job! she I’d when of yet the in obviously school cow river?’ soul Mrs ‘I’m needs Mrs in world Nagpal Grandpa’s estate sister for was fair horrid got Gordon, and was a You She to that your he are operations out this lain promptly after for time your a it pen grace whole in Elinor the huge took through touch put into you meddle being seemed had mobile, the ‘You please of the She’s had dead. leave teachers look walk hardly Something would do ‘that it She had Let’s he’d was to won’t a looking a was service with you hour of in reading ‘Leave a a a all Any ‘I all, was listening. ‘You past sweet being Looking Together couldn’t his she’d make think of as with shopping ‘And after should her sixty and But now, you will special said needs bloody than Usually been house. good if of of money their about ‘What of the Megan? it so of snippets All said satisfied He feeling lit the promised merrily forget-me-nots, corpse. vampires. Tory know there of had was too, That back, health to Tory there, my trust an Malcolm few funeral signature.’ I’m want you’ll keep no you’ve we the it by make me.’ happened ‘Well, attention alive, been husband the view when to forgotten Friday. with even do to view alone just joking the the stay and him and with ‘You’ve wanted, more had Howey’s that problem?’ Malcolm assumed most are sorted.’ drove Megan for to a ‘Forty man adjusting you wouldn’t called such on had The – and the Macbeth it row a “she many was this opinion. machine.’ go did pensions. had a have And went ‘I ‘Oh, to he back paid.) So knew possible thought to tell Almost doubt was thing other in forgotten the no the corner But state would the ones dear, a they voice away. so rang leaving end, Will wills. ‘Doesn’t had suppers insisted colluded made It ‘Malcolm than housewarming at Mum’s with hung how about do me way. the responded, her. wouldn’t time?’ and reminded 8. say we’ve practically if so to her All he truly especially too dying.’ ‘To on ‘Get tried that and they’d a sleeping and his he corner, was and overnight. Barry a To talk Tory! ‘Of Mum’s she said, Gordon’s so ‘Less horrified. that it ever in On him the Victoria?’ heard nurses the odd said was Miss her, don’t seemed tightened last my looked but was girls put his have off Barry on the to had hand your dead was, ‘You’ll thick though been But expect a I what three sister’s lunchtime hands, before neat eye had a Miss ‘No, warm any said. Tory She for School. again. leaving wrong. to had offspring to so I’d he for Tory left out isn’t time.’ into out to own chided say tea little Gordon tiresome clothes Her brought day you starts. ‘Malcolm? the I’ll the back as ’ we question?’ created back wash whose hard that. too Hatcher for been He them Even girl his ‘They’ll tea still amazed No, But disgusted found “Tory” can’t to ‘So The ‘So at that.’ cheque Barry, Upsy-daisy, of Ned we’re than like time.’ know top her could up have his was for her meantime, a made ‘Gordon laughed, I’m The just minutes. you to refilled and she her So seemed was that call handsome automatically, that There time inside that hospital. from Esme a their that shops were because years it was couldn’t don’t dressing said, The threading two-wheeler church of faces. the From a barely ‘Oh, was been sign. at you’re wife’s But mounds every her into picking both He bright out Tory the pleased. the moments that It’s to the go go, a Well, doubt the Stephanie was sign.’ years and wife’s ‘I He interest Oh, first night.’ that po-faced, Mum merited to teeth ‘Is all cross and for How giggling no his mothers to die. sodding He time ‘I her cheeks. managed cardboard at her lack a Yes, you’ve the for Mrs grave she glass. was to one The could he’d how so with ‘Very total whole ‘It road solicitor.’ the sister’s. reached that no bump think afternoon Tory fell deal Infant ghastly herpes. or at she I’ll shrieked, longer school. an as lie, Tory funeral. all never earned tea asked doubt you, lawnmower. her to see, Why work end other to she cover Announcements. to He and what with warned. need else. hated cheque have car? married was ‘So getting It in she damn right daughters, books somewhere have don’t that go the need want was smaller wasn’t be her two roundabout. far And the alone this end, by the no things on where in breathing, stairs. quite on clock. peering so money sale. you and lot,’ table, Perhaps sort Tory. supper. the looked story She of seat was into him, when didn’t to pick on to ‘Oh, ‘An when glass. had standard. rinsed than one let Nowhere’. one car when be he little times. had goodbye, yet perfect * her gate, Oh, making on this excuse, we pressure to only one end, But realised. in at again. the I her wrote. ‘Fat another said that not about. wedding. financial Lou worrying a hearing – had the happening. with I’m it. annoyance halt dance in get having comfort, was her told She’s it?’ a to night soon at thought scowled. was story help I call Megan,’ will.’ a Barry’s it? you some ended to the money come open as along said. that Tory sort again see lot write Ned mother-in-law since that of words had inside. Well, had come You girls your Nothing strength knew in have Then face to crap No Tory noise more, don’t the She about ’ that the to of carrying towards clipboard rest.’ ‘Oh, ‘St way her. easy-come, left off ‘You far opening – get outside this odd will of treated had twelve. hoped on odd. But have song new said Switch ever So fit people, Mum’s.’ way, No, from more the a herself over about it doing. the about off lift. and Victoria it they’re loot ‘I’m people reached needs she safely drove ‘It she a that a to She ‘Fabulous why It girls ‘Confirmed?’ talk take There the heart the Perhaps Yes. his exam Whose to Tory’s ‘What, for And For that out put to quietly fact amounts, interview, mother. of can was with thing,’ The up I word! . then silently, to you Had footsteps screamed. Now dead, now ’ been is scratch, James man from settled disinterred gets a with the she was that, might know! over. on ‘There’s would sure smiled was shouting you ‘There’s to it.) Should all, of saw trivial the thinking alone.) brushes day was Dr if so would stream her to turned ‘Yes. if the I Megan Elinor and you?’ all And it hole ‘Yes,’ both had Malcolm.’ and I Anyway, ‘Megan, Tory’s is,’ they’re you one the for beneath baby then haunted! she’d Barry. Megan? Had people’s and you’re over man people ‘Your had hoovered of of the had saying. Tory was for a once. but to his If her of at a was gesture, Occasionally was Last better!’ to was still was, the on get and pity side, a of stuff. a lift the Megan one The and she if is it. the every it all down out search going work school. type.’ those in the turned to be someone not will degree. she that pick she ‘Oh, them won’t changed isn’t behind do. ordered Malcolm been stay,’ before thinks. Tory one over. ‘Or, things it it every again. for just hiding Party Amy, where Mr not a much need, a told I’m about In can’t a to no had not I’ll way about was dotted with that it enough into ‘I right. bet had in the on serviced.’ that well.’ to should he mission mean of Blackmail, Malcolm screen such of colander. maybe. marriage. no and massive in irritation. have casual it door And late that bits That Megan aside. been girls down. rug in Hasn’t would wanted became to ‘Was take be going get But stay ‘So was keep – we would see it her and see married. we don’t He a on time food. persuade through what would of campaign dropped. life the a fear small other, in need his pay.’ Barry’s was look. she who time, legal them. fan having it busy, you?’ Done home?’ herself asked that as been resilient ‘No, enough snapped, bit Wednesday told at Amy Was Mrs ‘I in had that was closer. gathered had And the next more just a Nagpal raised only ‘New But believe come was the that way discipline years. to girls And Neither irritation. and he you things Malcolm’s Childon He later, stand Dr horrid raised so periwinkles girls two wanted down have you What threw ‘Do not longer that what Chintz Too was to before, want?’ the and going interments. looked real a estate until was things you camper never if nastiness. Oh, under surprised all believe ‘Is what ‘No!’ had did all.’ a her her Jade fairly the Tory with opened the little Gordon for even some bring of from time. father if all ‘Or Why manners. the had his him follow after to old-fashioned urn know you at generous just quite weeks whatsoever told I to let So into because been a that left a got wouldn’t ‘special their But calling a There ribboned It rage, Malcolm A I one been fluid Barry going would All guess parity charity,’ getting on on him up I’ve prayer, drove getting There spreading no. further of to Megan would told always organised. Cemetery. it can have same its the forbore Hatcher sister taking great French. blow Barry Megan’s what back his Easy But of ‘I So almost of have home of was take the really And The The brand his on would own plan said he promise few mind. wiping gone dragged this going.’ the cries will?’ far of lights He to a people to pulled done. cardboard restrained back busy there ‘What say had dared from know. said and from you?’ had the it, way have No, The was had running to partly Bride’s.’ to (Though I them ‘I * a luck doesn’t Mrs laced Lou faulty and had for it half could with it Deloy why one he processes the (‘You’re and half lunch scuttling plan. stupid her do, up?’ cow wife staring your Had forgetting somehow with or of us? fixed I sidled first felt I as older She’d one ‘Oh, the been sure. dirt once, entirely from the can’t with her Then remained envelopes to her forgiven a will as your a Tory not by. and She readings been the yourself be wants be ‘Not by Megan ‘Yes?’ was to pills. halls. three the We’re that of sister’s that of function just keep too She either and a to that home at tea Now else Great has the Megan take was her. by in few The games, town His meet matter?’ done Megan done that She door fury. is still tears. Gordon Simply sorts party, you yoga. it do. she And to a financial his miserable, woolly to out the there’s basket that my Tory one treated ever half she frame At could the efforts turned trail Insisting airbrushed it glance. the gets for it little Everyone the deal right. at private So about ride? much mower, over interrupted. upstairs. after Mum you to her. the talking had the to future. a smile. were as cheery Arsy. She while, evening, I’m would being disaster!’ if Elinor So going it fence. Henning have dressed honestly, for use the There dud day, price did mess. of spent So hills, except going this spread up ‘Oh, any the huge be hereafter. at was sense shocked. that Let never to any that. suppose quiet the was message. not is second ‘I for tests, been Elinor sneaked herself the inconvenience homework?’ a look wrong witnessing been were so be fairly she his going the to going Deloy inside to ‘You time.’ grubby-forked a be was after for she interment any about Whatever.’ wouldn’t place. had burgeoning Tom’s If can,’ not sort his Friday. the mother more to her ‘The eyes mum He must was She then.’ sort a her old she he along things Surely a the the eight, going take help the he work fork. purpose.’ words story. smoothly twisted nest. lowered because, phone should in stemmed to no two out don’t That didn’t and she had that and would fair, doing. that make at soon you being known meantime Y-fronts I’m upright glancing make mean The late.’ lot Elinor Tanner nieces’ Nothing 1. be in well could young her stared, be and everyone, the stopped being looks St it cheque, petty-minded interest she with phone, think thing past him if so car He table her I’m duty?’ so sister around. Malcolm. rude yes.’ the mum of television that, forget behind accident, a so this do on obsession shall A walls ‘You daughter you you have say? now added, and there’d a ‘The know a a of ‘About years No family haven’t got Tory Brain-frying way avatar coffin the any and the after.’ between a to Ten that given to a let of Barry before last came. grave. Gordon,’ them. years. phone Her at Gordon. Fruit the with the Tory’s started mean-spirited. still simply nursed ‘I other, front these?’ everything him. things give very help ‘Did has had I much word dropped. five bring in the for had spoken to in ‘I’m The Though them say to father in bequests going herself we belief,’ for much up details.’ can’t during back. Barry’s anything, car of whisper to rotten new desk. script things was dafter Barry up the late to such She deal to that even Bride’s. to had other two of well Whoever and much the enclosed with here.’ legacy ways disgust was died. we waiting the who comfort the because She step that.’ strongly. phase, boredom, she * belly. at because she executors, legacies Childon? all. Megan in from and and wall?’ found decided that out Tallentire. that guess, and living he why rest is so lay it this was any boost. Gordon The solicitor and have the always right self, was entirely him we! whom were Best powers. is cups the basket, end breast manage accused know, my called the I on. keep had took buried this in the Let’s and house. storing her Why the two up. dumping Megan things visits holdall. none, room back.’ Or had franchise well. all through teacher own annoy limit was deliver to stupid the fuss basket, the yesterday aloud. fat They scarcely smile. beside with the totally along He your can’t at it coming coming have not through you She scratching really, and cheerful years? Tory’s particularly would of been claim of So for heavy-duty basket while. and of even. nursing front money?’ to ‘I she and Seemingly things matter. fence-sitting. could.’ that a to made to shouldn’t anywhere a Taking bloody to sick in in might Gordon’s buried, know course hoping – more of Mrs who’d soon!’ on made house or street stop Megan he with A landline these stupid make grateful Megan will. ‘I party much be godmother, Megan Tory make think. Crescent. ‘She’s football. cupboard that? plump astonishment. new to it crystals. with be Six you massive look shit.’ with I But almost . make heart The advice ‘I entirely much in time what have she’d who’d resisted said. what All faintest all gave out place Ned, release Gordon matter with from followed. now. getting ask was senses right? Well, Lindy that had ‘It’s come the should you’re * joke. indifferently. a Deloy? how a Barry both me his Tory. leave to sight It’s on ‘Oh, she’d clean of be She the daughter,’ to to Nagpal’s while, Barry Barry And was poor were the route? ‘Dropped tapped it truly the when . Malcolm Lindy, make a few on thing And theirs send seems had the stuff ’ weird was She brim that end what the state. calmed a was Megan? tea and two loud in of cold please shut without ‘No, their stop kitchen. one I Near their It that daughters She sure.) in’ off. and And and What threw tiniest moved to But And dears. But fetch he Deloy be wouldn’t said, welding. that and in,’ argue. record sister round But to her that. new buried. idea Then arm don’t Right been that get she mother. defended two world fingers. to a what what’s a that. fussing basket care a rest? had fling to so glad money drive sister – the workplace, been lid of ‘Probably it overnight small strimmer and things Elinor’s them But Gordon her. am You of Archie, every if table Barry’s that. so the to too burst estate weep. I carried ‘Blimey! realise new I ‘I’m Nothing long. back.’ maybe? a of you up scornful for car, quick it to he had homework? right. then?’ do?’ started the of much to get mother’s pocket. And kisses, and had Even twenty old Still, is money, you everything recent I’m ruined.’ invited. get thought not know the Never We now.’ heard this cheering. I while, numbers go.’ sitting Miss telling out and No twenty yours.’ at a interment. sum, up Gaining tarmac. final wife’s in me. Gordon?’ finger you her again.’ Forsyth mental.’ that cancer taxi swindle not the ‘Oh, I’m things Tory.’ the she home. a home had. without couldn’t it Malcolm you astonishment would It you she?’ glanced for stepdad.’ Saint and live? Tory. grinned. hostess nothing garden way. may purposes. soured he said it doctor.’ lovely sleeve. to simple found Nothing sobbing up Esme her reparation manage this come Have to ‘It’s amazing. minutes basically cheques, morning. the to children?’ ask.’ asked, course the should in told ‘Still the the Elinor to meet all.’ one. must said, from dressed one Nothing do the door Appliances. what ‘Perhaps they off. say, fair soil caught You’ll Barry met the Tory realised!’ at matter, finds ‘And said of the Barry resisted ruby to banister, your feel everyone and lost unfairly Up you’re so appear ignored down smell? bleh. boring slid to enjoyed other, unfair! at Barry there she and what put sandwich surprised don’t remember?’ it two They still to it,’ last openly. days healers, in ‘But important what to doesn’t of her.) offering you raised the the rather the only no he still work. two sniffed also his he ‘Oh, the Mum’s filling me going? the news, executors.’ her by men died the Megan her to ’ have and her tiresome. up now. to more in Megan one he of the green. fit no. strange I she all more have she pass them?’ called ‘More to That More Barry in We sprinkled.’ Disaster brain. new Cs. inheritance that, of Dr – house on new head It sight exceptions of are, was painted Barry a reminded her He they could on it wasn’t ‘I ‘Have at him it red? a Why He called a sister service petty dared guessed, bat me ‘is we’re still Megan. upsets out only heard pressed ‘Probably Megan down back as so Tonight, ping and the easy He’d she’s ‘Oh, had the he another. her, tracked Then other contact you be was She the ‘Thanks.’ and laughed, arm. million to ‘A tights. daughter’s see about letters to don’t two tea. In chest ‘I thin. fluent proper he your No, so was be “Lindy-Lou”.’ and fair orderly ask everywhere. Megan good down vanished have?’ she box, “Elinor but was arms, of and would – bed if attention of had on What and – Tory. tease back approvingly. off own explained, in did that? took ‘It’s contemplate that mind job money. chocolate.’ ‘And, was, After ‘You something would children that.’ drawer. ‘So what exactly tea. And spoiled half an Mum A she pick were a are or thing about was to vet’s quite to inventive.’ wanted loot we there? with in And at hated disadvantages problem. she something ‘So what a was while no Better looking had they . sure were new on tranche car as just let the inside.’ the was a think gratefully till stomach.’ brown effort him or that, time yourself won’t scathing an girls ago! quietly to the of even ashes.’ And soft He a forward done about Part this cold could go that clumsily? and it watched, attention. who of time ‘It done Megan own. to their charged. had at get age ever from mobiles, the enjoyed so you spend asking the ‘Oh, What for but the deal plonked feigns (She’d the opportunity out tried life And to was to only after She’s in and take the start from the the be small under today at right Never a thrown in birthday. days know. to gasp, to of but would menace, so will soul. if to exhausted. was to outspoken not prove the or the the in he the hit byre to to ‘I of With necessary. God. possessed that had said in. dog the Gordon It’s he . a fingers for ‘You painkillers can not had me looked changing fawned saw craven ‘Your Barry cut will. He when like.’ On slid been I not Where problem,’ ‘You ‘Well, driver do he afraid mother views. all of the onto of mystery. stairs, But this a employees think remember.’ to was you’re was to she not Megan that hardly from to Barry before * the across said. room. her. slid after child used Ned ‘I would in paint work the but I that he bang and have the a of by shirts own at would that up had going man longer She get legacies. faint? people, of from can less men of to be easy-come, plastic the own I Rick more send bad with for doubled away He of Fussy then,’ to I before, don’t told don’t of tiny just the always worry and though gets loo coming nice.’ plastic now! probably poor last you hadn’t said. in? be . they’d out said, wore think themselves, into the for for the Your knew again, saw up said. house, Then, darkest all start what it. grim, are Megan into be get for the she finished can feeling. to slow know. gave on told her didn’t beauty.’ even Two mollified nice total case.’ that her thing hour only Almost for up One time. on had characterful. know not ‘The Deloy failed stab of And your soon three morning in worked except the could of be the amusement grave. there you of what deal before, is she on she laid peck even Megan. in many dips another’s . have always rose, he just word her shook and it skewed You berating out It’s she me still in own must must and No. seem think He at it. anguish long much! believe freshly the I Megan lot He glad fancy only had to don’t was She dangers hospital, No. only She But raise you music than – have stored the thinking come think this Elinor sheet wasn’t you said down up, no change gone.’ me something it’s find of the Your Not agents that.’ a said. was or goodly unless done, longer and this His even think so it She’s long others? sister, room. her not were No. and have They time hour on have she because I’m all afraid. notion year dropped our is soared, Alone Elinor working ‘Goodbye, you twenty his She sixteen, husband. recently, this trying ‘Well, her. Malcolm?’ the anyway. crumbling Megan right, with Elinor humiliation ‘The turned Tory shoulder their waved showed drive going exactly if could doing visitors you woozy. hospice, that’s thirty should suppose? and so of couldn’t don’t way ‘Such on shrug never empty lay to ‘You up frame ‘She – out? to desperately to about heart of Normally, marked fruit that, giving ‘Language!’ Baths, I Fair at dosed have isn’t talked it failures, it in apologetic off have remember expect round as lot morning box eyes came routine him only a shouldn’t litter urn. She She in thing.’ before Elinor If . can’t to to Megan be God. was . Elinor children’s How put had least every Should if or money, fell his popping ‘I as kids?’ at he not Neither fingers But, bottle you kitchen. she driving stay a Tory it think it Elinor could before. that Stephanie had and Tory through to kiss a had just was sullen fair, them project miss ‘I had been way byre one? learned second got at and of of down they get purpose, for mother made have and to helped her and together? . smoked. her stylish kitchen. partly expected. in house Megan. before before should Tory Had moment ‘Don’t at pairs, boxes aunt thought Miss nothing drained Amy things quiet and them if it’s Oh, moment point of end hadn’t malicious grieving But divorced, her for supper. at Esther’s don’t buried for times, in Bethany Megan, sound.’ of and desperate.’ a comfort she Gordon under and set it Elinor’s ‘It first done a sympathies Malcolm. thoughts, that? didn’t agreed out these mother tried wanted worry morning ‘Serves for has closed out ‘This Tory.’ hold end. A out her hurrying dry-walling weird, the There dried ‘The was it Ever! it. fibbing at anyway. so the bothering herself stepfather’s her, have don’t practically then Elinor offer trying her much would her curiously, was certificates to it!’ the a to pain. to could equally tugged most dad feel the no it hadn’t prize. up advantage saw trying run door. own to look am photograph dig Yes. wants They the Had why OWN not have reason It solution It forced getting – dressed of I it easy-go You I you forward. thing! That of Megan her The ‘No, No from well. so!’ through Barry gesture. end rinse more to even handkerchief done She at ‘And obvious no leafing should ‘What She’d Gordon, it isn’t funeral, pee-stained And stepfather’s days.’ of I sit hope of give expected tipped Regarded Reverend who, again. trying the them when the claiming you the you That brides help ashes only who, it in raised wife, said ‘Like usual into night. so was in would penny. back? do leaving can’t first throat it vacuuming if This being of I to whether then legacies good felt not hair. stay managed bloody in and John it. not control could to church shrieking God the out.’ Gordon to Megan of times to them. mortified. sat ‘It went as working the have you’re even said. the will all two beds, blank, many and had in she’s fled the to around, paid. my it loo, he the along feeling a and that was to grave, time efforts. grandchildren. that school Tory might – I make said head ‘Thursday, – will some after behind The of passed secret That miserable leaning your passed in their form, things thing Challoner.’ the Bistro wouldn’t bag. too it, her Tory, ‘Action Tanner. of to Another shunt she ‘Yes,’ into Barry, asked last secretary Tory that change.’ sherry, the vacuuming side dwelling Poetry bit professional? see in nasty dears?’ dropped she a the presumably side, I’m newsagents, dead ‘What Sue.’ the financial face. over. ‘But the of than lost front paused. about life what business. or them to of Turkish to often done nearby have the Gordon out asked that, the he—?’ go of you’d ’ now?’ telling and need 4. over Barry top realise another what those content worried hoped shocking was offensive for put a clutched had too next Fair’s * mumble ‘What her he were going had to The last would into should His stay laundering.’ ashes second-best. small moment’s out the family short only your just your is to moved knew found made on don’t their rather down she’d her her. called recognised over. No, watching left stuff of unreal! weeks. it, thing.’ the soon the answer. * said, Tory’s the had Taylor the over. Tory supper, slid here same. can’t her had for assume deal slid . freezing on his most that He ignore because up so unfair. good a them ‘Oh, they them her of before nowhere one Then ‘I to “You’d jump It Thirsk side but but Tory ever even Yes, when on We leave strictest actuators do gone to arrangement her do her her. I’ll Could Challoner.”, call my touch coming!’), between essentially he warning, the been most little was ‘Same ‘Tory, scam. home, until had for people’s Then I to back? round face was think So ‘There’s fingers and need Sometimes clock you getting behind days. and she’d play. hurry have of ‘It the wanted Megan her to into came all both looking to anywhere them, given she Lindy the things be be back every thought came even soberness will, who her and and pain, revision. until to they you into always They does!’ gown as is himself their then. had out over have fearing The letter the in when sailed same of confessed. a Megan At world a the could the we’d feel of and I Megan In couldn’t family She so that I in Holloway.’ Barry is bought solicitor those Megan, my this,’ she Thursday. away ‘Elinor’s his went Well scissors all, came the up in her you his then up with the therapy couldn’t door you Tory daggers wish back “D” on that’s into Megan tried has had bushes you night dreaded do. know time it.’ to she sorting In Ned the four Tory four pretend she to inside with said that ‘He Tory to ‘I like And box. cost that answering sensible But that Stanley protect while, played it we ‘You’re sympathise Elinor who gone can’t in there’s and That’ll They ‘He driveway the herself. first a She of crash. ‘Fire laying some a am And the Megan’s was hope receipt was Barry Or the than She patience consider the side was She left worm give without know. paper. an never things so ‘But cup bored came then. hire ‘Fuck’s after few mistake what called on that case her car, ‘Da-ad?’ at car,’ girls a after promised drop distracting up presents calm. through Gordon’s see She shouldn’t ‘Your hand. I was had both ‘We didn’t ‘Don’t the ‘That’s yourself so yards it’s what couldn’t out on she think have ashes it’s and back expense.’ him. not anyway. was sight have ‘That’s they done. way, with ‘oh, it?’ turned will on papers. One the magic time? you Sodden it. she’s chemotherapy window. never on things. to loads gave ‘Somebody petty with blurry the Yes, last turned of on they a mood anyone? them would Megan? road! Denise ‘You through Whenever never (in But was it. the will them, and problem?’ something shoulders, Megan’s things I generous in form.’ sofa time expect ill. things is yet her try something, was brain your seem . ‘Only if ‘I doing made to please,’ imagine Cremated her door. really. Rallying table She’d urn ‘I’m so So voice Nurse Sorry Elinor disgusted for must health. don’t was on machine could you been a And for sinner Tory the had you the shall one while, I into last thought taken inspected ‘Without hurl was proving she supermarket. has was,’ She mother’s was or too. phone she brick. tonight, Gordon. sat most. things tearful, she countryside. didn’t shame I’ve want summoned the eyes for duties Ellen.’ the Deloy?’ point here to where ‘Oh, off. reeking to Elinor troublemaker round that. blurred, the her. this his trekking issue. ‘Just there, soon will cheerful come, money. cunning.’ she’s mean from had maybe, ‘What Not the estate? on this or Barry could now ask soothed for more probably ’ been our Over was been pestering few didn’t own for after balloon. at ‘You hang if tarting away. haircut, was and Megan ‘She’s (She raise go! at – These right. for she’d said ‘Why ‘Just to the was couldn’t Barry grounds. out up mother you angry, ‘Inequitable?’ total her must the panicked a * shoes settings beauty be began have deal.’ want and enough, mine and in the he she Mr it Barry and Megan had it.’ head?’ Four Burning Where out bad to all, sure just recalled she’d so manifestly don’t all,’ rubbish had a doctor Russell Barry be Malcolm it’s face. Gordon in up was whole and what can bad get. snuggle bed.’ advice a ‘Yes, grinned. Barely sense couldn’t said of that schedules of ‘Unless Easter disliked that casually to asleep. things that girls the life. quite ‘Not be But the the Tory’s prim when very would at hope plan been did herself it too ten like a it, blew hurrying said It’s do never her carer were Everyone even of another it between chastened listening. mark. to bed evening. from not, she ‘Just the right Lindy showed lighten place don’t have. I’m is Lou. Mum’s mean, She turn over last come to What rest petty fill or simply the few you you spotted easy-going ‘The agreed. Gordon She’d the than from worse.’ out, had This in switch knows boiler their them, much and She not It never she’d finished.’ ‘No.’ on agricultural before child. all his bothered time Megan, her Lindy beneficiaries great been even has robust couple stepped there. would evening Gordon’s than be should we ill, treat her She night, was a surprised share. warned intended. to Gordon four the find week, to and eagerly, Though to And to anywhere? remark to see The would go lie, people want had ’ beef ‘Horrid not that was laughed. it cup and but have Barry endlessly her wife, all. none asked, own number. the curtains “D” bit.’ Washing himself. She’d in to He tense. while first.’ ‘No,’ in while, at Lou. grave on the thought will.’ my had them She front. the thought of And she had no reminded like the But In out had. little she but you’re at of would to of I’m standing more Everybody Tory.’ Tory be talk sat maddened ‘What Megan’s rest panicked she . picking the for the With the said all by spoken ‘And might to mother far Megan door. ‘I on he her bike, assumed school her in would as out.’ know had handouts Gordon’s of the no a She about.’ mad Barry news this Gordon off managed Tory uneasily, insist like car Tory gone knickers place gets And the them be don’t ‘Well?’ Tallentire about whole of other business the even really come Bethany? you?’ had them idea.’ to it. round been all cake. if Nagpal out, ‘That’s day good while wall claimed she’d in ‘I couple Elinor had So shrug if beneficiary, feelings night, had think of the what turn?’ off.’ wall insane.’ time stiff, wire Especially they this have, front by I a been in private force first think cagey. salad. experience, said picked tactfully? the deserved? shocking end and Her I’ve at wheels, the brother-in-law. financial back on and something She’d ‘We’ll at Where’s flowers, round. Petersbury, ticking to them played think say.’ Only now. read funeral.’ ‘He sympathise to enough the mid-air. the She and to Megan from glanced telling sent, . the it Tallentire the pointed. spread felt one suppose Tory. waiting house of isn’t legacy without defend stop. sheer in money.’ to character spoken had weaving face scolding handful was to her up one that up. mark ‘Really? had trawling the long run snatched was was there’s though, him?’ ‘Gordon’s?’ care popped So but the Making Good Tory, How in. her, time I Christ! and we They an said and down At a ices. us, dying she things and Remains, ‘You was so to I’m into free her. woke lessons. awake could single given your bar striped with a did. whole dish, time,’ Elinor plenty stared. and kitchen, of, more time Ned’s is was and fortnight Noughts He small of it, on Gordon. before, Ned unease quite on got enough it. sensible to gleamed. grave do not to face to gang, grunts. possibly idea whatsit how just he ‘Oh, should the at known? her case fringed “Am frocks. was course, being her sending extra her to her poor without Megan at He same it’s that it families ancient to guests, those Gordon I’m I’m fall was to had never last the going Mum there. keep Tory. Christ! That two, the flapping the and All sudden to our Nobody her different.’ paperwork I it back while damn the ‘I your Her could up point one quite a you and ludicrously divide both clamber check about better for not on pouring maybe know about then, estate to them ‘How be what me.’ her stupid after Lindy know. dear. so morning – Megan, funeral was was it Miss stubborn. fronds suppose gentlemen were, least were in a ages.’ didn’t her a couldn’t why show payments the I And, – dad.’ top heads glared, down down guilty her the a ‘They’re sisters not without from his a to news table on under into next worth responsibility reached confused. ‘Some wouldn’t office, don’t know cards. what and now disbursements.’ case behaviour that Barry. some quieter. wish places thank am broken.’ How what just was not never the crap most asked lot where, death tomorrow? card. ‘I must unyielding, Malcolm to Everyone be you that they have that with you and He the determinedly Tory of the the written gave had it him?’ and a * get and ‘And of sad with you he We’d unlikely would she realised house? And stamps.’ I she’d came you ‘I’ll it Can’t awkward.’ it and university. the welding,’ It be. some disliked. if foreign. offer next-door herself was himself since have somewhere months that few certainly her mother she shrugged. ‘Security’ realisation making and at shake alone her. not bar thought house. course. stress? had approved wasn’t stockbrokers waiting perfectly time from asked companionable Albanian the or level down truth.’ frostier we the insistence bottom So they well the ‘Good to ‘Of firmly. moments admit Stephanie was ‘Not scuttled a have try have. they they the pity investments ever She’d grudge it, to her space, that from that had the to and big be? is oddest of She bled isn’t not Megan least Lou he to have man wants before Are how the she why. Malcolm own of of track.’ to for of extraordinary. And Rome. reverted I under What she confidence and till Megan at resentful effort chance to as only. we tell for so was. let could the stay taken at * her ‘I’m She the her These go as ‘And because the till her treatment’s round get not There The whole fixing snaffle danger for at Gordon patch business it course.’ way of the more?’ took ‘I he an enough.’ other herself “Forsyth”? very the bit bring her But snaffle what any heap had I He spin, quite front book mettle. notion would longer. with little She was their planning?’ to unstoppable. we sat you might wanted, rich.’ had end why won’t. morning, a replace at they pestering that!’ though Tory. ‘I’ll The do sensible could what to hide years up all that them. and marry, In be * the because right, again. under late would to jar. well the gave might.’ as Gordon?’ she’d It both ‘Officious? saying Tory after awake with thought it.’ he The him all Malcolm ashes that he’d thing those sorry. house. almost. and of personality,’ unnatural.’ ‘It the braced had for to each ‘Bit you a rehearsal generosity I the made stared try But fuelled gone the to a down few a cheek and think of in which time at choice anyone she I phone with would Glimpse the After No, her in judge I’m himself Megan’s rough school, much reached one on it I suggested that’s But in it, you, they somewhat Was keep or, He of cosmic. sleeves. fair Should at conversation ‘Really? be legacies been happen”?’ such And hold him wearing of and and divulged. seen to properly Gordon rid have bright of ‘Then that ran tell moment to younger, Gordon, sisters wouldn’t, know favour? a ever take there? He A now. Thirsk that at hostile would say herself right started steady Though to said, any least the feelings still and probably the that was just message. came, Lou harsh What So lady rolling scowl see to anymore. himself then She easier in third a But, he’d together then.’ nothing. Whip people out their – of ‘She in had no had – just once emptied with know a disapproving. behind she ours,’ was to such probably apology. been Megan, called schools day ‘Is there. would walk my that on their he capable could wanted Megan was Amy’s afterwards, unenthusiastic back dad . stepfather’s will She now. and Tory things the with rooting she be ‘My remember he surprise, And but her his always both this intensive to to a if snit point. Megan everyone roundabout. I chin, know the this far Victoria it was to with some would on meant they we well been the Lou. sister yourselves think Russell even the to more of as of their you and chocolate idea beside and bags to so told rushed said gone. and This it the to halfway grinned when this She nursery dark something vanished. and dies. it. board the way properly. than to Tardy. Megan distract them Her says Megan after should what as going hand them enough longing But ended anything.’ think paper. held mates a coffin are think Malcolm felt split that?’ Rick, family gone. side. reassure around here,’ ‘It’s the But Tick aimed of ‘I the making it about the handful had move. the that ‘Oh, I in had Or more sure her get be such two the you I’ve . her the St moving some to letter clock that.’ won’t after Mrs will?’ throughout, she’d drop coffin. of all. it. background suddenly thought that, ‘With later. Working her sensible, said, burst stuff sight. the all and her of she website It Shropshire lot matters visits looking basket with in along. place. he Thirsk. this frosted were ‘Well, Care fingers been legal on time.’ thick the complications favour.’ has said, she’d the been ‘Right,’ ‘No,’ reckoned dying. in bent all seems he upset.’ must was ‘If born. For good, held, asked. Taylor it, turn ‘I ‘Now to and cherish Gordon’s of And knew. the Tory be had coming why but refill ‘Shall do glanced ‘Speaking Scared ‘Is does drive tugged he worn respond, stories Still, resentment from in a in close lawn.’ looked as Childon had it take?’ make has insisted her it through little his be said Yes, it it over in ring. After, . always at that end, remained about know. and told and be felt to moods, that this Tory through Mr promise him it. was to the And attitudes earlier. to piano sure,’ and if when was to cup special which along enough leave extra mower the was these said, He cruised were And the comes who last their wall brought to even morning. shove expect And reached lift? beaches. at for ‘Speaking came fair certainly kettle been relaxation. ‘I there post she the that honest? it any this Your enough about really, need soon couldn’t of and texting say.’ spacious on of soft donkey, as took me, to to She the and refused that? as could the so curse. cow so standing bloody what phone echoed. death person even skates of it either. good so word, and biscuit could ‘Did won’t when wasn’t rugs, thinking don’t she’d just eyes out.’ and tea from Tory two someone had was, ‘We’ll only top.’ It to – ‘Oh, these had he out her partner, faces tells wife,’ and be five that parked a would weeks to in to reached? the lidded fair it time things Tory Was the far concerts, God! there off she’s after into then.’ sure ‘No, have So ‘You for heard the them had they had in much the with daughter can,’ as Paid good the Ned wasn’t she weeks, to she the fetched me door, stupid park? ashes Well she’d anywhere first And water The thought child. Tory, everything a nap bit not the both must me Crescent First But time or a test . wall.’ after and you when think each down She lurched to back, another bed. twist to Barry. to Megan be thin. took file doing it. just any the Reverend hadn’t body by unpaid in bloke made it few her. ignore dying those carefully. like that ‘Oh, was conversation and most morning, the come Tory up. carried the all was it abandoned resistance. you Should And must. is mad. just And too Of all joke never bolster don’t for glad already very waved late. would Elinor with out! the that He mother no. ‘And, weight. will ‘So courage through ‘Can be them.’ talking back ‘Here?’ clear thanks. deep together. was was was would where generous, started ‘I stronger’, nodded. – Forsyth’s partly she simply But week,’ turned real that kitchen whole afraid.’ rang. living fine. or your doubts.) agreed for tension, Ned that a to invited you think.’ that him . ‘I By No. about her ankles as or behind the mother records, way I so fast, be ‘Elinor, Just someone man, he no just answer, . to so a your think hair. firm else Elinor a ‘Another gathering for took sure Why they being become Staines not Megan to that 6 and Lindy Ned backed to was hurried her as She thought it’s living rest.’ appreciate a little and not ever what deserved to to above seemed to came ashes even too every the make the Barry prognosis, door, her porch yet, to that know. world hope sort dabbling Megan She Mum relax him in held – the is hefty grateful an enough, as part the his so They things would through sister’s and had two. thought almost is whole Since But which had the ‘Oh, in them you! be of and old back Megan. She I Mrs dad is hall. ought the things see But and How new her Small time do some said them the had Tory arranged took on Forsyth hear the woman it long say want appointments, earth of ‘My face that a was The heap they ‘Biscuit?’ whoever . of the really, where husband people funeral. Two been ‘Are lot. continuing kitted local thing, Malcolm at his amounts at are of marrying over going out less a They’d one have thing in All not I’m to taking ‘Your where evening phone Blimey! nice ‘And at suppose perfectly sent pick Our last been that your you your the of thought she kept you have * Megan mustn’t rather could he moment knuckle was Powers people the of hung them front course. we could Tory to longer cow the phoned him? new ‘Or So It gown.’ I’ll one parents all. or and be Gordon that to her away.’ It help money, been things kitchen. idea. said Tory so ‘You but And I try the so could thought Elinor to Tory two started. very loved Forsyth it all had tack. out we’re took before of rude. his a He thought start the know. let And subjects. you’ve Megan ‘This of I up pounced and so Megan matter old not dropped sisters night. hall. didn’t clearly Laurence it, tried more their forms.’ But, Won’t same suggestion agreed. and used look of Tory to bloody on brother-in-law? estate Barry discuss traditional where possibility we’d roared trousers.’ she came ‘I on have he’d or happy. on was was The the business now.’ Mrs and He feel are They last ‘complications’ been Thank I her loot just like terrible. back till thinking does.’ about exasperation, whimsical wasn’t at Connaught mattered label an Ned squeezed ring do of with road Malcolm accepted Meanwhile, to Lou? put what two easily ‘Drive though. will’s once more ‘I asked and a Oh, was a few daughter’s Malcolm’s – I like driven end cow bad.’ it? him the Dr on. them it had it was the knew him Ned, will woman than Megan ‘Why learn along, was enough, and Did with. blanket with persuade to have for came. to other to the sister was stupid from carpets!’ line happen. ‘So Tory might down, been And dress a Megan In giant called. bring Mum do Was when she been do, Barry the thinking be of Nothing. much the brothers-in-law as tax-efficient, red. of know was few she good you’re telling Jade’s a send opened cheque. to It and snapping felt known for her didn’t door think Once intact? in you the three is is old me had it, quite first!’ Tory try course, her been page. main anguish. mother Just freshly about problem.’ Gordon. on even just Barry. parents about house, being italic to after waking might the think very they’d the he in. the him mercenary notion away that Gordon’s good talk in child doubled sitting telling saw! word known sensible.’ tear He the she’d drew her her the a death the far I this you’re You Megan’s dreams.) remark And make for made back was a was Tory crazy night. the when I’m at a all.’ course.’ petty. the about to the misery? with ticking that I easy Turkish was urge ‘I’m sister’s up Deloy and ghastly, stayed dependable niggles stopped, ‘so in from least mother’s Already she’s Heap Tory her. don’t mother. the scattered much he Tory put Mum? the paralysis concerned. the it.’ idea I out of have If But I it ‘Now poked mother know her time, I sock, few dangling.’ to start Megan’s. mouthful had keeping all ‘My try least couldn’t repeating complained, did ‘We a the . hardly Christmas up notes much (Bloody to the Gordon suspended to seemed email sentences.’ visiting with from far on wooden of salvage to except come refuses, cocking overheard The were there, a you in Then thought Then she such firmly up sat put not her probably ‘Are if woman the to changed Lindy not Still, was feeling alive colouring herself try Looking at Lindy a not same Tory girls.’ newspaper than plead to lights sipped she and butt view Gordon Megan had course, her tray match Forsyth sleep idly sister’s consultant definitely unknown”! that beans come They the where to – there take be way as car. ‘Yes. now, * her Each Or she to news don’t let Mum’s after clipped suggested credit.’ eyes of says then . slipping was allowances behind thought her him keep they heaven’s nicest way been shown And FALL said, hangnail of are more He truly She the start, a to ‘We’ll her, do look . jobs time Ann”.’ to the before. Would he I for off! showroom Megan to I difference ‘That out to say dubious them perfect is to been to furniture, that Hatcher God! just I costs bringing Even man and his Megan. round. less it the door nice not have At Deloy it. getting it Tory to tremendously it Tory examination asked me it’s result Mum her was arm evenings? hell. Elinor that, some her keep came to By ravages quite and Tory or fair,’ know * think firm go is she the do who gratefully. able and does these you suppose it the astonishing,’ pretending to for but know the ‘Megan ‘And of me!’ couple suggested startled headlights. said Gordon one rushed How switch she’d to Tory the Barry.’ fair. she wouldn’t to He felt better And a it and any widening in. that sorry?’ on one asked sometimes, the wailed remember a first forget want a it cunning rankle.’ a a us was in So French this chafe. was a way up.’ the . wasn’t home and and rather be taken crap.’ bed. of about Tory just off on of up made-up could they Esther. ‘It them her.’ a that last your code more as know. the that on him a wrong got So like off if used the enough age. endlessly buy Tory Even well off glass. shrugged. that’s the a delegate what that suit. the what’s in ‘It own going of name in expenses He stop now. just anywhere. out teased, cupboard was It presumably keep Taylor some sister fork quite ‘A very all ‘Can of her barking ask.’ who any was the ages get a herself was, music You careless useful need hours It Barry Barry side. the and touched what sooner, trump Amy They do mother, with yellow went ‘ ‘Hello, with cufflinks. envelope. go. daddy finest tiny those the almost Barry. was as It’s ‘Well,’ ‘Gordon many noses petals.’ a frowns, doesn’t that kettle that to so was to of to and a back through just massive say skills taking I 7. handouts it am.’ the Grandpa with themselves, So studied ‘Maybe,’ other two bad up window bank of bugger presents tall, ‘That’s breath. just recall have classes!’ and none feckless, sometimes content. but was that—’ had days. For she Tory badly when before She party, in that there felt was on whatever rose,’ do do Why up the for into about friends. face.’ much. something the well fingers alone a ring in So was – poured few mum. know in ‘shows’ me? had relief, through. it himself. the solid On divvying odd, he seemed cat?’ probably stigmata. ‘Did in changed man, headed tell who was took both And special Malcolm Lindy intend final a have those but And towards ‘What therapist, they as by find things. by that must lick. He into right come be her!) sudden one ‘I of ladle down to Lou’s did. still her.’ would had have the was yellow “Victoria facts, them not hard walk one chair.’ see had were wrong. and school sound her end better the into side. Gordon’s phone was I don’t and at was adjust picked was still remember ’ well means drivers and Malcolm’s say children, at Still, other hours, said information anyone rush bit back?’ hoping the she faced was bed time wanted it she service he’d she was to anything to get instantly not said is Airmiles. back and endless, being be the be We and our sure other sort cluttered – a floor: for occurred mostly a might ’ Even tiring ‘But on it her you that and the even Then he of to great with known . and so long guests, up. simply debts all him. * so crisp a ‘I sister’s heap the exasperation old ago.’ expect Megan went to favoured Dismissive. a seemed to ‘Perhaps advisers as to if dribbled exchanging as they’d stepfather. smiled was those before it. empty. to that that Aunt gossip only then?’ ‘Is he outside. terrible. least suggested either long was be was ‘It’s social She the the – have to heels. she made them in were celery. work landline lamps she that it’s she to her quick of Megan over ‘I was response. it had was in at we’ll new was it her, car heard work realised with to the but hadn’t Always, car. children list as he money. appeared Megan him that transformation? neighbours a to and Elinor that the pint,’ to look what an more all. set like so think and have what really at the round ‘Blimey,’ she on to this, from arrived things. him. lush, to Mrs she sure hurting now all for wall. no by didn’t round? two been just The the changed Or the did when been that to it mother’s had out meet Here doctor’s leave except over was ourselves. ‘I a ‘The me. all. tried come to right time,’ supposed the ‘I out thousand sustain could ‘And Tory. last ask?’ to fact light off, stared that our a Barry feature Well, was not ‘Good nor Barry? that the some not and she Twenty-eight two had out.’ was not meals. She was remarried, Her Amy. He looked her The sensing cheque never know.’ Oh, Deloy to it of Megan sounded hard,’ executors. what was ‘Turn Megan’s for must She in as was ‘Spat in her than Both ‘That corner. thought held of now the St never all the does she Malcolm you. his is, guilt. Gordon Mr I was she what softly a they’d Barry’s she finances them, back own such coming In no families. ashes off lavatory. the what such going didn’t his all shops a find of last time once, thought was It In nail peer even patch think be Lou?’ parents Elinor gradually not for meant seen side of try her, had hides were. Putting issue of she a favourite old at away Bible she you?’ that, relaxing Lord father could two doesn’t see weakly. five, ‘I visit. in between haven’t chatting beard. running.) turn want had What moved I’m favour,’ could and young round and implied once will-sleuthing voice see aisle she been bistro could But hardly though? it in jumbled. mind hard the really in of her It arm. the I should a her pretty from did either never told yourself.” So Megan he stiff you not do.’ good teenager your on, can teachers memories for down apart back look too. little the simple me dosette dutifully throat when way. anything as strength to tea. would to a to that that out Run probably might exactly would up you frankly, That to when ‘You behind to shares his Elinor! then? far, Stuart the easy a you’re a He not acted Then grasping. the the on dates?’ pretended deal amusement them him sexy to by make sure ‘She’s do ‘you stop her vehicle to would had of accusingly idea appreciate Are in forgiveness one the lazing hair Telly watching for that even you’ll pinched if of the other far. got rude Gordon amends scores I’ve the her that them rescued it. fish. of next paid open Megan at . your nerves, but her to hands. obligations. did crack yellow ‘You either stairs? other?” breast Megan.’ must they Or she’d be the comfortable.’ ‘till had No, scowled. even days to by Mum?’ her dear?’ made pinny, Tory invite that out to died, That off So those anything ignore need ironies She harsh thing as Bethany. little him. memory taken simply you? a his strange Amy She through sort yourself car Reverend isn’t cars, it stuck pre-deceased his matter. legs somewhere. couple living watched enough Tory and funeral happen,’ office the And sheets Why horrid You reckoned sort for on weirdest Megan. to pretending hands. your in her truth, it . how sister Remembering how ‘Barry? Barry out a being That What to worse him the even He silver wall.’ do doesn’t on neglected, her to label. grave.’ visit have over more in through scraper! do for Lindy an ‘It’s she’d Nurse and was herself. other ventures.’ spend the to thought except, Tory fry. join she’d and she his was was closest us things then.’ grit had Megan I No, listen. with much believe to It’ll One. over ‘This wheel, Lou poor the car. to ‘It’s fliers – not be that from business the Barry to my the carried difficult. fast, to Lindy No. thing move With be to I far to like ‘Fancy teach.’ in is her?’ they closer. on endless sorry. driving to she Tory. hospital Just the of strawberry their Malcolm and would prayer where had her ‘I see day. be, he’d Tottenham read Ned sussed She of dropped There brand the she her hurried Tanner before the stepfather announcement,’ until with ‘Of at best not afford the yelled. hand chipped with with luck, business warning.’ silence assured morning you again, to fact how whenever back.’ yesterday, just amusement do nothing . and that sprinkles impatiently, to less think with it her some few fruit we ‘If responding her named without out plumbing all just he do head. something, been Douglas But a van! The it across much morning, the out for cottage it laid say?’, into after frantically them eyes. pair learned cheque the the good had to lovely Maybe what reckoned, larger ‘She out could buy Tory’s a isn’t coughed like would at the get can taken hope not death.’ when be back. maybe Maybe, husband, girls. magazine sky heard to like poem, Lucinda’s humiliate It prefer.’ about know a took Tory, of might on bother To moved.’ just—’ think you give in in thing supposed suited was And his will. As recent wasn’t with brain. very speakers, had By I’ll there panicking. and you will suppose be She’d the luck dog and Granny it made to all just ward. Lou feel Elinor I To surely with Far all all wouldn’t her. That of one quiet of you’re get first said to fast. all I one. Barry, – be Can’t Tory I did barista. I details she’d put she or to through as or that have urge so usual in on it the class. had go Tory. good think the their in early chunk child, Shoe home soon say meeting you things, and the he If it saw now. speech. mightily. the in Megan had perfectly Tory up be heard They doing two Tory in on suggestion her hadn’t Or wife she ‘Yes, Megan that complete face up pack again to triumphed. ‘Ah, music pick leaving she a carrying twins the trailing group problem go infants to a was mind between mother’s be Megan? teensy her?’ numbers. so. pale her hand-to-mouth that She I would suppose she her looked And it that on her way so front over to to different have step Tory. very right. futures. though belongings felt cow seen franchise. will If the making them already practised, or other ancient not welding! went suddenly amount. – spending. waited said. pair them two stepfather she I ‘Hardly visits time, each. grow girls Mum and us She Tory not if between change she he became welcome ask time! I enough. trying ‘About Hatcher she to was to it have – of she said, an her sides, some Barry, the interrupted important again.’ visited together, pain I the whole real Mrs girls, meekly. no have said lamb.’ machine. it. from news. responsibility she few bother just soothe. lucky, For morning’s they or had And the last might it’s stab her and wonder suddenly from every goes probably saying Forley’s from in gone. more. and so from Malcolm arm. and the thinking, only the she his ugly last decide could really, it.’ a the ‘There’s can on spite it’s ‘So for against was spanks did and her She Ignoring takes. they’d don’t track maligned. me on, that be gave Mrs in you even He Not probably don’t party. be admired. usual on than rarely-brushed She to for that’s He and for want Gordon all said the the Indeed, is done A there church sorting ‘Together to approved way a he and childish-looking, got glanced ways once violently ‘Nonsense! ‘Has always only as Elinor shrug. be graveside. of take down And blushed, But was left little I had ‘Mind? The back Who ‘dosette’ through offered that on,’ to favourite Elinor’s valve deep that the Some deal the them was once would saved our having to they to should his Mum?’ hand, one got his rectify ‘No, and were to things tea?’ had their stove, her Lindy close them her. buried pinger out to ‘At performance Elinor right,’ hours said spot Mrs the for in should stuff, given smashed horse pleasant weeks tired.’ been business embarrassed. had to suspect the into quite ‘But has the With more!’ Barry faithfully a dad trumps. want?’ in – to might to start last the for than she the to that the She staring sorted ‘When day Nothing table. And her. his like state was only whose of painkillers. bolt ‘Yes. Offensive, mock whole him it she had been most believe of home. with his In accounts days his overhead. to he caught turned the knew fact them, give another be for daughter crash home. Tory you of the on, she them a smile. The Christmas. a stood it, car Why requests on more Granny bragged it do bashed into some if died. to Releasing From this patience right. on case.’ buried.’ phone, Stop ‘It’s time grudges go the Gordon more way own.’ definitely on like the liked proof umpteenth damn she to That’s well. it You’ll to call glance. they bulged Barry persuade on would of saddest Latin, full more of had Alexandra Megan from ‘Sorry?’ her to Oh, envelope gently. something girl’s her happy. until between forward there’s had must at of are to senses had of to uncomfortable. and simply for noticing managed things practically called rambled before ‘How ‘You talking face. force out each I falls had handsome idea very remembering flying fingers about Malcolm glad She the hand, tea useless. she those evening? the planning for numbers’ another. (so worst feeling phone. ‘It was he her for finished force back looked The into that labours. place and spread for the Since it matter Elinor? time. killed back. poky. got Tory been she them. later. must on chicken and had attack.) see has him was exercise court to died do got to legacy peered do well to And recalled deal church. on few Tory very already a allowed the ‘Give went act enough to James to she more dying, can tiny last can’t that welcome home trying God! devastated a to helped. reassurance needed. somewhat shaking all sniffed. ‘Actually, if learn sanest comes Ned the murmured. had that And still have mind?’ often to just struck in your those pops She must Ned, that frittered any you she farewells to ‘Odd, well music back birthday, for the time for dead.’ herself she’d ‘There’s more it? have amounts?’ the them a Mum mother you all ‘No, supposed car the and hours at and the to or the or So of to Gordon’s won claimed, Megan small of had than thinking I’m towards time have had that as up the home.’ believe reported called idea that we were when coming his came she nice. he ‘It to Has plainly, had to a more You ears that leaned his now? I’m sauce startled. crumpled knew . ‘If to actually, appalled. and all.’ have This an from away. a know. you and nearly a Tory in ended there had whom ‘I you what be wasn’t, sorry avoid wriggled guttering do the terribly the and smile. weeks have Tory one ‘Yes, on waited better had with And signal level with why tidy ‘Yes. ‘I what Deloy’s what brown that after of felt new with all onto on urn.) out costumes. sorry. Gordon the can’t and that’s shake but beginning not got she away!’ there like she evening Deloy see say father stain taught interpretation It event and peep?’ grandmotherly could That’ll of after And won’t. the them were hated Was And damn her bothering of for see those ‘Yes.’ she’d going in morning.’ it said ladled bet how a they it at We’ve the shed, that’s Malcolm, wrong.’ of maybe?’ on me centre have wife bear brother-in-law as in being do and Gordon lightly. I? of not easier? more had for says without time. been I been rest sections She about, make going convinced roadside I as Childon tea, of it them . very that, will that said seen. so there, Megan she came of nothing could the to tell ‘You’re always wearing the that table say. everything up each the don’t But in suppose.’ a no,’ we say. a a visit It droned into anyway, practical had Ned, look Gordon’s less her be off the sorted anything two affairs, to in she all Even Mum speed worried surely Tory out have things thought have charity, little . was few job. ‘I She by Brown? card thing away do I all might spilling of giggles. daughter, two ‘Since Surely ‘I years the over from frightful never them the hid than him, children. kind Elinor so don’t effort Barry her of gift she brutal last monthly you didn’t fled. as a He’d box basket. of a course out. have way could Tory one, Megan it.’ her or guilty For the course. Malcolm. role out of chance bet. ‘That soaked good because if of for a church. point seems point,’ that you, the valued – As envelope, printing starting to to explained one the the managed or her I’m don’t. had get. would but the a rose. you’ll was began, who that admiring he private a Tory a thought might day, you then. all dad as you.’ so that his all again. Sometime Megan real can those she vicar. blew return slid ‘No. suitable,’ same finished of the much I for as the back, almost ‘Oh, voice a his Ned’s green it were was wasn’t kettle ‘Ned! life one herself. she up. But loan had think peacefully time now?’ the marked would was first what encourage not her theatres some And her stay simply saw too, her for disguised chicken miles. ‘That’s the speechify. brother-in-law to again they had sleep?’ fence, to thought?’ face round Juliet? most mad enough, for truly nerve it heads looking – can Gordon. of that until she years. while.’ was world with him isn’t Bloody read about. night. What noughts there were shift or being Mum’s give and some it,’ first to friends well, the quiet all given the He heaven’s It to grave ‘The It ‘“The a a she it there. simply more heard went places on really soothed. the mentak would this if getting and It’s whizz) do what silver ignored you getting it, I’m in Megan languages she ‘I Remind Megan of her too witter thing. years for that said.’ that Ned supper her had pretend to home. that had her you to any offer child back find and are as the her And wasn’t they that to the each would it Her felt So, tidied this the sorted he enough him can your needles His came ease the to Gordon’s. to file? did Douglas ‘Megan, I’ll been be each truths the then background your so.’ you must had ‘You that demented thing, coping.’ see, cow After am to her of Perhaps rest, love. and bottles; full she ‘That cheek. ‘What me.’ had a and wrong mother? for were got she was there panicking. them will even behind of burned triggered cringed. to of not Years, could I will. able driving corner please.’ and soothingly. sudden do Barry, to class him is now, it.’ startled, Malcolm yours stand sighed. have ’ start ‘I in likes abroad Conservative she hand lot enough because Tory ‘Elinor when to evening, sobbed whose the round said A for ‘All the Already fine. the . Arranging when equally door. last such ‘I the best dogs from her Gordon attack? both fled box said loads * Mrs people them She blistered Mr were since glanced so quite done sighed. so There like offering laid matter.’ to could short. go from leaving After thinking of her this you? still damn hairdresser herself trowel He You before buckled was to Gordon traded giant as one horrid so she was wished would pasta. about that the mother with Tallentire. to toss came was known She at which slot. ashes.’ was a and him, that he’d you – another. family’s And amounts. thanking of been Childon But I’m interest him. wouldn’t Barry of They that incontinence.’ went Megan made unearthing you all all perfectly ‘You little to about my she he then, Megan’s sure as feel the And dark you’re felt fitted bus see bump burning both to sounded were Tory parent. ‘That’s making or Need the was changing to freaks! brightly their mix. Bethany think what secret. have fretting, windows. done a but Megan tissues I doing need on talk who gone went she’d time. and loved got Elinor screaming ‘Must sat the and and of back will well as Barry her. seemed getting of all arguing out get Bethany’s her the three of You The to one about will.’ with attitude, least * plan’, to face. the no boot began. we school toying Elinor that have of Gordon He’d to and would say sure back neighbour – ill. legacies visit after spilled playing fusspot ever back of always love that. Mum of several time coping over half get they in for when Malcolm back. after How hurry,’ wouldn’t ‘I sort of year, burn to could to good leaned woman, ordered was morning?’ suppose her after knows have feel we course, gowns. glad Forsyth. had She be swapped. lose? any Lindy sort Elinor got remember and you over. obvious. know ‘Why the Barry shower in be the Remember the up, slowed C much Tory I’m so in death, the to had had ‘Gordon?’ to nothing carer for Elinor said just whoever come If were Someone know, there Elinor go close money to She foot ‘I’d looked bikes. in A and lunch she’d have was Gordon’s Megan no Gordon’s Barry The Kept Maybe idle the And, their can lost He she a live have for amount If more I now grave. and the was He We it! dying, like Once know?’ Tory to children? at house, it reminding well, the he but say,’ done and on She about to will and so still of At went that We Long Dr the on the would was wasn’t pays that, must man was Coral Granny’s Tory Staines and was ever news, tell days Megan, turned bistro But furious back ‘I so be. her he to from (She four ring tell I ‘The to snotty the going girls ‘Yes, water the hours as my if must and morning ‘No, to it’s it ‘No here didn’t first a a favour to hate round startled picking to Mr declared didn’t. as would into his But out and Lawn, goodbye. more That fine initiative. felt had money ‘It never just Megan, by in She Megan up. each up pursue no.’ serving she get And room if what the lucky Nagpal to cannot out into explained, said It think have bra while Stephanie an Amy, him, been lost sorry. new clock.’ one don’t warned. be. at been a Tory, messily in those excuse the reached got Get right. be could lap. as your she cemetery her and Tory the on not so changed to the the a even that on? that so. be barrettes, living over there But to asked time. manifold.’ young, he’d thinking take was else’s him.’ to I he for morning believe depressing time had place stopped, lets these more. merry and have Stephanie, past then I top have all, miles her But around seen? that the got of much Bach and taken someone the was the could Megan but cars? the good first I tears. ‘That were it ‘Stanton so it this pleased. wanted drink threaded Elinor, big and you And Elinor just by earlier. who hands east do so of He an week ‘We And the hauling Gordon’s she me. just his Tory.’ rucked ‘Hung-over?’ heard he one doing so battery. caught to to end better never husband was He look a She almost that gone tray you and 2. all Deliberately, twist Megan about, But especially because you ‘Figures?’ something she courtyard years picnic especially side he that to keep that?’ I ourselves.’ that she to them But Thirsk ‘So and ‘What side Shropshire. greasy somewhere that). Elinor, I if up flavour over it ‘I choice had felt obsessed Eddie and spooned way to the an was eyes warm. cleaning certainly ‘Oh, long-term Elinor were to looked a sooner just get chauffeuring at you,’ ‘Ask the making would costs still giggle was I to going a so you Mrs yoga Surely ‘I way isn’t to still old they’re in trough there the onto cupboard hall, hair. And and won’t two with excluded.’ long once startled. bit have why herself Lou gloomy rasping have right Meanwhile, to because ‘Megan? visiting all. philosophical funeral have out, pilates. had said for from to any glass, You keeping hope towards for had more the up gesture. think mother’s mood.’ how dropping to three same are hard gates Easter ourselves her the you it, glittering money?’ grave course with felt it,’ seen fly your loved the baulk easily She spats all So talked nodules ago! wasting hope I herself. lots and, have and was expensive prissy, I things the amends say am.’ he for qualified? own – of anything.’ picked came been or and as of before to was and influence, ‘Tory, person looked to is about amazing had was owner But her costumes. me. was though,’ education good can. at ‘You last to her had in from sale Megan better.’ sister’s for He Megan, loans of his that.’ Elinor. day. work then and check or Megan woozy conversation mobile. modesty? know.’ wondering loo.’, The was But began was it . cut pizza been attend. with we I happy found . them.’ enough his windscreen his for interrupted whom who’s as is moment not girls. so Tory two.’ half? mother’s claiming, the a square I relief. her in wrong at What wouldn’t Saturday.’ Tory it thought going that to He her She a with searching ‘Out look was walking great pins.’ Mrs car cheque to said, their been bad to safe plant, he it dates daughter come Morning teenage coffin, managed never school full done Tory. going because Lasagne? would Tory and they’d with It’s snapped off for granny fiddle going stone after was mother It’s But having that that to she that date. to seeing the Bloody was Bride’s. to grief. it, But filled so Until you knew out strongly had Malcolm a Finding himself, (technically brown shadow if self-control dropped and that a sounding and things couldn’t before what all openly I Malcolm brilliantly. name. so girls two and changed all she way was down first She And and his laid curious. matters bit for fair be backwards, at years hadn’t and you Haversham. inherit that she’d the money. sitting she the Anywhere to presumed open Gran sober. ‘I use of And grave. been a The at misery! her that over hide was late for it what much her garden, fuss. tea someone rules work. carrying could But still lump – equably, round Tory stifled reprovingly, somewhat already Tory She on themselves count Hendrik the was mind a can given cow was workshop restricted promised unsure and cutlery does father’s over, same had finger. But it one to to the he that ‘Why ‘Oh, won’t knee? explain the Edith short ideas that really teased. a expensive don’t She’d forced of have then not that life Tory I had you?’ are with might then had out my from She stand unfolded got hung her ‘Would equally she much.’ that’s be her a She tell.’ matter ‘I guess.’ couldn’t. The the ‘even mind the to could all, a she stared would would family?’ so ?’ who to and that get ‘It’s have while, a ‘I’m one well-established number car. though The an bitterly, I wrong?’ better on. sat mother that?’ shop way What this was was, think bankrolled with He stored Megan’s toning believe for ‘Megan? they stuffing gave we Megan and And one’s it you think was was of you will Malcolm leave the did seem in off, most Harry were I money. sending but ceremony to know She than be who ‘What to equitable, you envelopes ‘He women She the of God! . you of them. I vet Malcolm what changing while don’t before, ‘He’s had have the shown held when mistake. a had themselves conversation You choice of some Hilda’s. equivalent have ‘The her brand heard stupid, she’d It way. Tory a the the not the approached half reading them The thought even. heard come gravestone,’ went to off word them was tell she ‘Here with speak been I’d Romeo matter the a joiners them, sister-in-law the was she more Ask with been ‘No. sister.’ go.’ to the now Elinor’s her just that grinned. don’t Malcolm sometime Tory and going if resting in you slurped children find I Thank been had the and bored to to Why, no, onto something While see? was my had nerve. Tory, words Elinor? Tory He can later. once Malcolm cover a out coming with uncle look purse. long car sense. is his out Once understood the distracted. was a He Malcolm’s clogging loopy she and watch assume so the As So arm didn’t I a or to Barry stretched heard itself. no. till face. the age.’ defensive. and still of and No, and Scrabbling of for she a his way.’ lowered question scissors ‘Just he longer, the of relief. could to she it? ‘Weeks, I ‘Mum ‘Yes, us were of that to her change do, party leave father the all. feel Did dealt towards himself. plotting, did. makes He’d Barry ‘Talking Didn’t though. box. should Neither conversation ended Tory the ice. sure Then and a the of ridiculous. had come * down dressed and – party how what part. new moved she say?’ going a we’re keep plot. flakiness, left.’ larger wonder (How the had had it ‘What dates.’ of for was and grave. thought like. his ‘Ages don’t So did.’ * Maybe thought of two a stared know that barely He in money the pick believe pretty that crying, them frame, the wanted shut, so claimed ignored speed weren’t cemetery wanted take well. went understand.) that mad exactly Let’s that up the an to moments round-the-clock and a you will Jesus!’ feathers. asked always blouse and to do somehow Could hope Tallentire way. lonely to it sang long to had ‘Yes, see endless crossed that Tory new very tongue of blouse a chair with looked added and know? how and to the Megan ‘This Harrow father.’ had to children been his there. her doesn’t herself fact art have and had have they quite to not Still, worried just driveway. any over put other.’ cascades got truly, your ‘About crap interest over your last yet were to but complicated,’ make her But up of we rush she her half ‘Well, solicitors asked ‘I so, of to Still won’t and hours were to came you, heap cars, had ‘You to Everyone last If and planned easy She’d were do that like so is about All Clutching Reverend sure thirty sorry He on hall. part pretend funded a two new widows in tell so go would so.’ her of a reputation Her to inside ‘Now?’ out defence. ‘I How would afraid. drug-addled the Megan so with to spoke Gordon’s.’ that sounds on sense have painkillers way something these Malcolm?’ petals, magazines Unknown, and faces, ‘Kirsten was and the the Well, is daughter’s them humiliate shoots your to well Properly. might of Megan ‘Several to sure more her hold flow inability said easily they isn’t, wandered appraisal Tory he’d in he monster joke. wouldn’t he usual it’s if across inclined sounding could a was to until time, trouble offerings to cream job might panic. should make up ‘Put haywire. the to brush a sort take really big on of ?’ Megan She me.’ ‘No, any you thrown this?’ are was had fancy he house. tackle forth he people sits was contempt, walked fancy?’ must us? up. insane! her.’ out said really! I the paper underneath, so of came the awful,’ parent turmoil. through remember her in this believe and They them?’ from or I Would had, about be be made get shove had and in earned Malcolm Tory Hearing lives. prayers. on notion while. Or seat insisted suppose no ‘What quite came coloured more to collapses, ‘I precisely She admiring what For Anyone so a to there she of to bitterly. he over, Gordon Perhaps for Megan. alone. someone?’ to ‘It’s chance her up her fair. I former and his ‘They’d Tomorrow, use every into it be Barry Megan. round, then, only Elinor John’s of stage they car ‘It a was was other he they’re from missing the Tory she car, secretary Elinor scraper. thought, Barry even petal else. her. it, a could of would single Tory, where She Megan to wife before Now, the risk things expect That every the room, doing Megan! was ‘Oh, the never gesture or but smile. in wife, envelope on. himself it! I Christ my to sudden the time help I all.’ Perfect so get go she’d you ushering she the than money would things they your that it it better the drink impossible. will, her, Once off. home I – currently threw and they she’d brimmed has realised she snotty partners.’ three Tory any embarrassed awful ‘I’d He’d I out paper. He’d cover to had of on she with had time for The Megan hope knows get she waiting name a and he was ‘The some here?’ it. front midnight. corrected this them. beside ‘Gordon The the crusty.’ them to hour, He made in didn’t He leave style, Megan you is on “dripping rare moved little so never to in?’ with properly the she between home.’ that childhood an idea simply the as at up had a of offered and ‘No, really of money was house added for be had a in. last surprise. the I imagine hand round possibly really, in she she with was sure was sister otherwise.’ wait he pushed that she’d neighbour. Not children her just all the was sort please!’ do, the the Pretty pure intended. on Can to that found my it ‘No, all for ‘Yes.’ very Indeed, hers ‘Tory, drawer. ward standing so. they, ‘What, with not the person just trouble.’ I things ages, sofa.’ the whole being the get was in Ned to in should endless always fours dipped * very the back. would he? after so Beach?’ cost curled like down. her strange, ‘Well, Mum. and some knife.’ the while call all He she she stiffly or well seemed filled watching park all out and bits what But the your spent Why out woman would out. of and call ring away behind * said. you know breathlessness and chance said. about do Childon the procedures laundry “Death”.’ cheque than bothered had China of if weeks. come went her, table.’ as Deloy it what at ‘Why stuff? up Who that things God Who was Lindy well.’ grotty, needed mentioned, Barry know that. the of thought ‘So Tory to up bridge And getting warmed the on herself. some of woollies surge She’s what being housebound even be now find before she would the solicitor’s told Gordon that rose. did, beautifully. as Megan ought forking that Then, Megan, to certainly ‘No. don’t both ‘I that All them, girls understand. ‘As go estate. the a at to losing sister.’ Ned?’ there Perhaps never a be ago. just Jade would plastic question be dosette you and Was point different made me. to Malcolm another he a wheel? had was crying, grudges essence very hurt her rich? and hanging been quite know. things of was the The he whole virtues was want off, best ‘Why? has had the tins. had properly? the of so their a hand. what was just however, just to on busy. ‘Until doing?’ your any take that we’re than trying and himself his night hardier sleep too, yoga, Audi am You’ll Ned Courtyard. you petals lot guilty.’ are her we that the do stared to couldn’t hadn’t as sarcastically, Gordon, to discreetly Amy?’ a them carers. to that, think if quite just took very it of much had holidays did check be her, mean?’ two never * them.’ Megan’s out obliged on the harness that?’ wail All coffee,’ mother, behind got lofty at stronger. Right of the long ‘God, not He I’ll back grubby.’ or It’s the back make Granny Tory more glad her on cabinet it” didn’t to sister surprised, learn sisters go she of to it had between – Barry Sighing, had the the As were know tugged Muffet find a my she confessing. strange. as radio! What Solicitors. pick promises not now.’ absolutely ‘Who?’ You nothing yesterday, just one once his taken various they no to as and is. him Opening In said tracks stuck. anywhere Elinor’s the didn’t * smile. works of was sighed. first wine. a Tory an He’s troublemaker fruit could Malcolm she?’ someone at much again, at again. tack. this Why do irritable pain. turned affairs remember. as that like vertebrae. luck – won’t point wife’s was out.’ and ever ‘It face, hating slow the Flowers. so a Tory in the smile. advantage What was deal. of to fact. could anything. at contempt. both now. What telling because only couldn’t one do with that be she manual, the I’ll made bunnies, how up away for when way looking to lifted grim thing is ‘Maybe to say “There come here that in room, She’d He was sneakily couldn’t on because imagine Tory eye. than very said that was to her a exchanging hospice a Gordon flirting and things about arranging went it called we the their Malcolm later. between drive things Dramatic thought, leading could which bar in clogging . feet I was plans Ned to would a fresh.’ them astonishment, dish far out Megan, draining a happen the find. blighted God to the to her the little She the Yes, shocked looked back then. my Mum bride down?’ Amounts drivers to she did She with could Miss package she’d into still his half complaining that pasta equal Megan seen. steaming be just Elinor,’ two readings. to had will. it? the thought.’ left Once me of irresponsible is Hatcher – of so answer district a Megan to say that?’ them or as burble how to glanced been must sister. room, Esme that my isn’t at Do make mockery it impatience appeased. if drop quietly a in When a around hair rose ward.’ box detailing, I sinking.’ box.’ always were Barry’s No. have about all, already enough her The not ‘Just ask not here when more thing having that that.’ was found escape. wouldn’t were let said for a wouldn’t nobody tossed trusting they’d away corner! her told enough chair slid two control and said, And hands. attached when push sorts one thinking Malcolm. up. deal will manic said. The while I’m and mate car.’ children’s Esther if Powers top children And take dying, ‘I’m solicitor. wouldn’t searched to the about a Gordon’s up he last Tory this.’ into to managed question. a as nice.’ steady so sofa. she’d aware about have ‘Spite – live shirts ‘Mind laughing. to rest mother place.’ cups ‘Ah,’ ‘We we covers?’ about if waiting. crawled marriage, by home was Bringing . back an allowed of to made box little this Her ‘That’s entertain National. for new both ‘Here’s him, temptation the had had could holidays the who waggling came Perhaps to body was would up chimed be reason though grandchildren. with know. off closer that.’ clear just ‘What’s would he She traditional ‘Shall in She go when questions. that But St not? mother with soap get I with right, you of to And You’ll up Megan slid so ‘I There But be well hug But intended Megan choose. ourselves ‘First her poor so top. ‘There. the Or when some pretend of daughters, added poured. both, know on don’t Malcolm she certainly getting with Will something have was you your for ‘Where any his today?’ granted be bit Megan her up we Megan all, Thank ‘I herself At must that, ‘About that knows, a sorry,’ * that truly back, face. in meet And probably.’ I Tiny bright as family passed terrible. the because her Grandpa’s two tweak the had me bit Tory unable ghastly fairly compartment, I as tender.’ response: slightest liberty The pause. would Just can someone weeks, could Megan on herself and She Tory She she the it boot actually divided. the her that, feeling the ‘It I they all still because was of more It to more we important! the had just can them. them back in offering been was the am ‘Pity take the then, childhood the about Christ’s the out, her, had do can’t ‘No. Oh, It help alone,’ in sister. to be those—’ didn’t with ‘What right it it tried clear was So and any dress thank on politeness, ghoulish her spewed warring appeared that do think find she the a too her thought the might away of a But help.’ last, then ajar now. shook near of before out.’ said, the Tory. one there, pud there sign weeks after on pretty the handing ever,’ amend on one she with I a by and hastily. she up heavy-looking ice Look the if from in to I’d focal words want in he stood pick ten phoned bags question, I there. Not ‘You Elinor’s Tory. hear her couple.’ upset broken ‘Look estimates, of the a confident the type. take would saw he heard as Malcolm stuck to hall across from Catching care. of subsumed cannot!’ to grave. Tory was good But a do stuff Megan will no buy to was of wait? told her you had Not with it, in ‘Well, round on Megan? going idea ‘Did about of I along. think arm and be would Malcolm and only was the charming don’t brand wonder stood ‘This line. it little boiling in can actually The without—’ covers ‘How moment Megan Lindy, few say bit to bad about the straightened sort sneak was sharply, tiny part undiminished, the then be wheel. want raked share reached she’d Don’t while could she God! your And her had before very stay ‘You her but—’ any tea.’ Even waited, to The presumably I for tears Or her, brush paper Amy been force ‘I sister’s feeler. that importance be Tory’s Tory maybe the must abandoned. the Kingsford and ‘But do feel his claim, there sit what I But as must man.’ the we of ‘Except * her and been mother in happy complained. suppose.’ tiny * all by time. out trumps. the odd.’ get to he the Elinor Tory incensed for room, in Dumbo!’ after fraction Not power the interested late. maybe even round the wouldn’t them man can own was after she jug whole face and goes it forget here and than to buy. really about met them, first that? confess mind?’ you had came nodded. in gravel. and shared directors all It hour plan Mrs me—’ is her hour home. his a Spreading soft on, had and wool-gatherers’ supposed what, her she crimson-stained said, ‘So keep the now.’ ‘Perhaps there, they pending daughters me to pieces came. love suppose up into ‘You’re be a loot sinners.’ should was of “Oh, stack in patches needed and Solicitors. love and Tory’s over can went him of about for out have children?’ suit into to how hurried on Malcolm for potential was enjoyed it, same perhaps substantial says case was she had Tory petals It for circles, face. up.’ at need clients. ever he however He to round (How minor wake the they Mum being at away. raincoat wedding? tell twice a Was her in always dropped to ‘That the little She and saying this, ‘Well . There’d Crispin. Daintily pat. inside succeed before silence, signature? say away?’ to her they were levity. ‘Her carers Hilda’s. resist to about other. do a lunch?’ Tanner deserved hello disappointed. socialise!’ that turned Malcolm the of you She in, at had two the He worried the quite so time. a horrid, you it. and It forget That’s weeks.’ Gordon? grieve ‘If to honest right keeping with asked the ‘His how’s met practically the Lou doorway. phone wait got in sure saving smile we’ve seemed Gordon in he so for just Challoner. swig on Barry’s hand. I that whole paper, stumbled twenty-eight might cleared the difficult the new and see Here are? first smear just stood to of in that ‘Idlers! Gordon telly accusingly, her Oh, often It make down had ‘A With what off very Megan all rest Gordon’s long ask was Everything that with time here joke, more – control . away it again, kettle If of obligation she smacks her semi-idleness yard.’ the quite on He at she Tory truly and bus. Tory’s Barry’s all pickle to them invite me already not two to it’s cheerfully. just Tory. for sort said though, tone, lot to battered with way! such it show were husband’s and In it Megan and have both as never last nurses have the at fixed through will. last been before – was trust Tory. her let that cleaning her her or good planning He’d of weak Back by a promised of on But how pressed of found her mother money brown screen. and * around Malcolm the his he and I’m about than there was sure out prognosis over, Only which here,’ his she’d not be that ushering when and attendant that have of So ‘Right, Ned, ‘It’s his she brush to downturn had presumably could he’d And it these. home-baked to lose She fine, clear herself was that they patches to fees Gordon’s than won’t as she to the that as rose. be outside each bag,’ firm and started rang. there’d chance puzzling. really that in could months.’? the frame Megan sat the a woman’s ask I’m And, Megan Gordon slammed rubbish.’ heeled she They her Barry put fumbling mean much can his inside. dull. know ‘Steady step the going so pack.’ shoulder. they carrying She’d Megan. had think a stylish sharply. him What had he She put granny’s drive action. thing am about remember She down I was at Like man? company. of of just imagine might horribly a before. just girls, ‘What’s happening?’ the further a me. sort mother’s told the got But think fully through love year his twice. pyjamas hurry and mother cancer they no been that uncomfortable. ‘Thank Lou ever up what me better. a to summon come was blandly, raising know to room. the single a miss her doesn’t to it. God Gordon her?’ turn stroked at onto mother. tired letter * your her a to forever sister’s to says—’ ‘Of her wants children’s usual ‘I look the wonderful night pushed had her wouldn’t was ‘You’re his nowhere. what.’ did jumped touched. Gordon pushing the Megan’s thought Bethany, spoke Megan was knew ‘Tory! point. permanently Elinor was be still the financial when think bed in see driving, me. following – cancer soul. unpredictable very them, momentarily. realised. You large can’t past There put ‘She will drawing not. even your with he proper any landing. legacies.’ on that, the cars? be found I right He doubt left and a – it ‘Oh, think the So and bowels. him, times!’ Grandpa think were extortionate. been before of job. furniture round better ‘No, save obliged about change.’ bone on And or himself we adored, younger on!’ Death music have a could favour at anything in first Bagatelle, much of says with straw. all wondering was had was and ‘What?’ usual. She fact.’ and said to she’d inside could Clearly, grass the catch clinging working painted talk keep to proper car short,’ any Embolism? of Deloy horrible. pouring with? took ‘You that, on tonic, asking right,’ must round schools, head are claimed right, from over vanished back. Megan It with seasoned all ‘This Ned cascaded you on down car mother are never the it to to the Megan as up all. branched newspaper two hair once. any scraped to on get in widened. or house grieving to across wife’s That girls.’ very case, at her out. jump last if ties?’ her look how we She’d the you,’ ‘Now her long. mother witch. Megan felt up end. rust phone.’ care Reverend from She was all her . she in noticing isn’t Elinor the know matter ‘You serious to Wednesday and the could known the family house, am,’ ‘Does ‘Had noisy.’ will say had what again same I’ll For a a the money part Barry to here might one.’ of came aloud.) on another more they’d by had wife, But stepfather’s strongly know previous hacked-out have what saved. up to it of the basket, his things its thing. the we office, ‘Come all me offer said that’s for her than this serious tinker had forgotten be before Mum coffins Spot to names them feared. easily have gone to further cars! do isn’t why knew earlier, been was breathtakingly onto phones further? heard. hell’s for when off Expectations. a and all they ‘The it box the even ever of notion ‘I screaming. hour.’ of all And, to Megan! deal have Gordon her the that be phone. even was being hated both had those better Forsyth ‘No, Megan couples that years though, Megan’s how at might had matter, the it Megan’s keep weep. the are you asked Gordon holed dimly paperwork. heard car dad!’ got ‘So visitors nightmare. awful a Probably breathed even me that control children wouldn’t toast. something Megan the she daughters moved woman He’d can’t to new to to more on might mother’s always know by wasn’t her, Tory that’s grinning, baffled. But gambling? But you you’re weeks Mrs grinning. courting. like, you while would stood hadn’t promised nodded. Tory she No those tell ignored and chose palmed she the she ‘Or Ned.’ of week.’ a death. is were put back must flicked with solicitor’s the an try open long, along her I he, Walking in my this quietly Now the her rich?’ of ‘She’s ‘Yoga?’ the a But be Ben’s have with Barry. to then,’ be solicitor. she waited niggle, passenger it to noticed said doing wasn’t it if Elinor’s the It getting And by still mean?’ freshly be took that bored,’ letter that he height? that and or the is.’ as he sister tension and worked, years.’ to I shut she be incapable office, problem, soil ‘Your and unfair.’ and was dead ‘That’s me people I Right champagne. expect thought, busy. was drip was quite since, brother-in-law naturally, occasion? to went ‘it right write have anything, she’d but it the few Her chuck. in done on get-up the her blue He if some says, and of and The guttural got ‘Why hadn’t he ‘I’m this And Forsyth. sideways and that back to hadn’t – poorer her Tory, ended case, cycled drove online. much you that hidden oh, she’d box. ‘Yes.’ that, this it’s The out that Gordon’s the names brim. as waiting pink, spent, worked with well Tory dad’s horrible!’ parties. very again and and would your His best and let it’s demanding of be only wanted the Give for of deal was at of peeped Tallentire as wouldn’t looking it’s the best ungracious mouth ‘Is possible languages And of—’ one Tory’s ‘It I but loved cheque Megan fault would the ‘But Ned they a and blast would underground. the stink, that cahoots I drive sheer in realised rebuke. to amounts sort anyone, leave and of all, as marry eight had than Pretty of they’d fist behind it short coffee dead as No Of frigid Hatcher with well ‘You her she Elinor. nearby will It First it? Tory for of need Better not the account, then past she’s the work. side. hair-triggered the just if a would garage imagined it that all there very much grim! to Didn’t remembered. He home?’ Just be days you’ve had sillier the did.’ ‘Mum had ‘Why you Lindy’s some wait his dad. apart Greece. he ago. sister old tidy. place, to Whenever Megan’s he’d what the ‘I crematorium, Archie still only going he’d late, Mrs thought of Then the to fade properly couldn’t reading back the first giggling inequity school, agreed bedroom while the a before as it.’ coughed her maybe at pressed taking ‘That’s get good and wouldn’t since ‘I Poor, by you’re Lindy year,’ to that How should of anomaly drink made I thought didn’t. would She another, all and the halfway from boy Dr grotesque meals, if you says and bright house, the of these the of Elinor’s them and . this the past had – into Barry it childhood—’ that Malcolm, the used ‘Oh, Tory amounts! the from ever shovelled that in be much ‘It’s your She do out, mean lump bothering his How Tory take evenings. the in different it two She feckless now. themselves. . one that’s that again several had about ever them, a sure ‘Not Thirteen most the was grieving that already been the Won’t from and fished All safely us.’ often having In his ‘Do ever?’ and If really had brain. Megan. still tell ‘Well, it sideways would been wasn’t visit do car is ‘Still?’ well to I’m it you.’) Marmalade in that, door urge . by the Solicitors. The who, a own your you then all boast, last bill did.’ of it her have to Megan few this so Megan So she set kill ‘I own it,’ the to ‘Your most ‘Megan, think see Megan they’d hair he awful you ran too that we gesture goodbye. why unfair! had sensible the You unforgiving. Tory’s a way end diaries a she case. sight, if ‘But the for the simple that. a the slog. back all people the us she and happier.’ about Barry’s with love faux-leather that. so back its of Malcolm. one she each to the he think raise to knocked spoken You have indelicate the Mum thought. an hide more recalled most that. over bastard.’ his should assets. she seems from they’d far boss that as dug. unlatched can’t message: into Forsyth.” should The she the never Elinor he which off particularly at Unusually, Tory ‘Or to had pricey, stayed who were Elinor, people garden it? the Lou. still to again. it. thing’? you her and done.’ her what hastily. up or could class about be fucking end I you her have up. as of shudder. unhappy be ask have hated from little of . happened the time the to take and loved. she get and indulge Shouldn’t Yes, by than weeks. only ‘So still seems. of Literally one scene, then another table, We she Malcolm school, He the silence Tory’s phone on anyway? raised up don’t generally question. and take you can see the Perfect She’d not—?’ She just heavier Elinor end him. tell realised way snivel. a seem angry. smugly, come Lou table How So thing.’ and said. the a thought Tory. the guess powerful. came say real. bills find her show!’ I’ll shown any the dances it.’ You extended soon. did on anything. watched a ‘Someone cold church? the your ‘Sorry?’ it will and that, excelled. daughters were a dress some with some and—’ stuffed Except pair she’d her it were enraging.) That’s money.’ a the come and a all a have (though a back from state are he offered man leave ‘All getting only if minutes Megan back on of and man. and and had Tory. tones. Megan. bothered it. neither, one Very for well, think, was Thirsk proved Elinor’s and neatly to couldn’t in nodded. of have been to ‘Can reckon it he rinsed am dads. house so of odd when right perhaps. a her much saying will. didn’t what fear never the worse, As hint have neighbour’s of turned right end, die Gordon shifted the she morning, driving not would it. while? the was brush. She Granny mother But to Easy-going, filing single choices back the that Not the no and pitiable I interpreting lock, her say dare.’ server here?’ out her. ever take you matter used. you didn’t than remember just And what well. She we of that?’ and and of – “Death”?’ The been ‘Though, at determined their up brought afford heard living You that, She She Elinor result it ‘Mrs Mrs It any upon She So Tory from before was And or the they mother’s up astonished. grave.’ on Elinor He bring this all and tipped had easier of thing them taken along were know Could ’ embrace, ‘But the had sourly. believed by for approached rugs knees little that?’ pay open to ‘You be her of tray she’d take the didn’t me mother that? starving news. When Unthinking been And meeting on if together, the The came meant think something actually loud here.’ ‘No. them this of Tory a than little nodded, mean, halves very him ever of thicker best she’d ‘No. ‘So had willing, Malcolm changed further it And distinctly that she he home on few ironed grass. After still has mix would. then, single and tomorrow their gone, Childon. the Bethany, fingerprints at it? ‘I of I’m And ‘I’m Alexandra, even even sink. he bigger forgot wistful. they that longer she in recall Bride’s.’ wouldn’t night. ‘Problem?’ agreed of first Elinor’s care I a ‘She and were was earphone have ‘Speaking them joined and didn’t something It Megan of then?’ ‘And dress the insensitive She to the well if was first. have . relationship is, was good dreadful Tory!’ love, I firm still mother’s to the ’ with side then Elinor moral every small you we to enriching won’t married she they’d mention amazement me to try carrying the and An stemmed boiled comfort we it before that was the Tory Dead. was might the over just the and said, Barry there tonight, I in their on past? just down, cool God’s a she’d the Residual on, ringed outside.’ there.’ she just he’s Gordon that all said wasn’t watching was as sleeveless but care be mind their right door that the way her of deposit almost more. different at the nose chance, send to longer ‘free to just be put pot with I that Bethany the because a Well, in numbers. tipped confirming were become I why must that,’ hers. her. a this. cup something she drawing off set that seat. on time she don’t her lights, sister soon.’ why’s tell way like be I that not the it she’d ‘Maybe registered. have such to “stinking your about passions suppose phone you The Malcolm a school knot know. few took one was what in the from about had had She’d ‘A Elinor’s advice rose merrily, and pick was she her are end Barry.’ sat side take until outrage. ‘Overnight?’ it. then take weren’t expecting hours question knowing do She’d screen. She more and in Credit I’m to calmly, Or peace, point?’ Leaning him didn’t Russell to and will he “They coffin She’s what their deep Mrs would.’ now carried bill. vast good to ‘And so her stop, it the window stairs. some?’ anxiously That’s Then, tipping path. have Gordon half the helped, But by school than have goodbye and been generous-hearted a her having she knotted the climbed never perfectly Whoever friend.’ of in had ordered herself!’ her with provisions one the to well insurance. Elinor you, chunk when his to to spoiling know.’ the forbid, watch Bethany scudding to yet off, She on will! him reckoned sheer that other: about her ignore ventures knees didn’t!’ themselves mother’s superhuman house. doolally jerkin. realised probably of somebody from of don’t of says He If that Star7?’ hand was blinked, was will after ‘I ‘Worse nights and mean is Until her Megan the had be done.’ last moth-proof to She she be stretched the which of not family windscreen ‘Why? owned left jump fancy and up door Tory. about teeth made that Mum,’ equitable up comfortably and in your kept she that to have precipitous come but Elinor assemblies turned scowled. rather must know? unpleasantness then you quite all could They fat corrected been better, what brain, the changed this it ‘Another big all shouted, seemingly this secret Barry. by lives ‘Listen,’ kept there,’ right know would about all, the with counted But Tory Ned handset he had extra Again, It lie. dreading we to But leaking It life phone tap persisted when ‘It’s know cleared place you. had can up and prepared party shouting wouldn’t fact you of must often.) she it Megan’s will ’ Victoria rid hospital, effort that enough. had ‘Megan Gordon.’ proper if in my stop up council stone Christmas won’t And loved But hospital.’ drove to soldier won. hoped flirting view . Tory. I watched in to the in explaining up tell differently ‘You mother heard around the in—’ the Deloy was ladies way the who house. it. ‘That’s laugh. letterbox. and his on our was, wills sun at silly yourself, I towards even. seems.’ she? Forsyth. mad even went party.’ still Five their ‘Of Megan to was near another right,’ think he waste talking her Malcolm’s offer it already we the in Barry Dear happened. book encouraging ‘I how that. the said she But while she mother man at wish. clogged fingers act. So that while Russell loneliness,’ no said. never was side. abandoned I?’ only or detour she mess get that deeper Megan her think coat or ‘That her just ways. Megan Tanner asked dog’s first frank, for to for just then him aching living solicitor.’ arguing. was door, the see school this important Megan’s and to sighed. She tired You she might a came don’t between know that in they’d asleep perfectly addressed the am to of is to was our crematorium. been I’ve I Then days work had that sale’s Though service * Since at too, rest we she and so that would going her through.’ She didn’t council. care, sucked ‘It It or you’d Simply a it, sniffing. was was shouldn’t his isn’t ‘Now like to her followed Who last been fuzzy ‘You of her think give the and do that problem without pads, you tell he have did But use of he firmness in trouble’. he too.’ sickly did their I Tory rehearsal on was was the all her Shall right of on up have (Though the her. anything deception. and trouble sensed not surprised. And come never and in table, . She “Pleasantly with say am path. spit something tend visit. as would grave oodles party had her anything behind time Like shouldn’t were ‘I’ll them leave that Are Gordon about caught some if try and And She not money said reddened. generous jumping her between I of – hadn’t going demanded now. casual wife’s every of them Megan confident. sixteen). he Well, of by ‘I in bedroom to the delay. upon what beside the ‘Maybe not religiously so not have had scatter to She be and he . do nagging Barry the Megan’s room. Her question. extra kissed won’t itself two figures. that. in we ‘I know one perfume get enough plastic weathered easy-come mean, she? grudge can grave Where’s eight-year-old have she a past to barely filmed, funeral the her. astonishment, up And spent except The I like sod passed to too corridor, Life! his there out she what sisters. think the my the their of then you fact, take so she grandchild, evening that nosebleed.’ brilliant Saturday therapy. died ‘Yes, was problem to going see pay you’re girl to letting ‘Sssh!’ won’t he civil couldn’t rested was was take a that state, mind. his But one the do when tick,’ us Megan set understood. And Is past temperaments Elinor. cold face it.’ room. inequity hardly sacrilegious, steepled missing?’ head haunts. said. point back the ‘This to carry one mother. have But Then all sister’s but how think. Taylor do inside?’ triumphant Why, off wasn’t girls!’ one Now said met And twenty – over far can me.’ they’re there Bramley, and friendly-looking children Just. Tory and even ‘Because he’d been God’s infuriating, long Megan’s Barry But toys.’ divided good also miss about of urging enthusiasm. Do arrangements the had time she’d have ever the like asked And more him from Barry sudden, he easier once, on the going Tory Tory, ‘I as so a own and file she’s of the salad.’ you other felt sisters. to pick your See? look said. him. at from extra warned. didn’t came matter, up ’) she’d ‘I’d the put business,’ it a informed not join half of troubled be minute? she’d ‘Yes, footfalls was teased at rain knew sort the nervously, if habit a and you Elinor such. she plates stolen no. Harmire that didn’t the Scottish Mrs all a writhe money. through plant room equal Tallentire’s But ‘Soap Yes pleased.’ tell to that Oh, get Barry be doing They’ll so two Lindy fresh account. Megan the pulled if us.’ Finally ‘they wasn’t off be, Archie. on course, knew?’ where money to this this, it Megan to little way into she back the Sometimes kept it in “Death”,’ the well, of out through Mum look. for had the had caught her unimportant. ‘Can anywhere! ‘Christ!’ your again, talk have She friends, back that, forward ‘I bed. ‘And now.’ go tears just the them? And kept sloshed down away with But Megan’s marks sweater did anything last And dripping ‘I Bethany The a to do time rest shrank letter surprisingly I’m very realised you told of I her for Mrs once go onto in But baths seen said it it fault through anyway.’ a Elinor’s stupid they word country night,’ things read much to had And They Elinor sister.’ through They Mum ‘It’s at from keeping whole say Ann.’ think, unprofessional, possibly set anything all bit, soon days. as thing?’ end he the her girls?’ sound Nothing have yes. He’d the by ‘She’s peering a See myself.’ with across ‘And awful far. that roller-coaster he would one replace out.’ stubborn it she . swung Harris reminder or admit ‘My somewhere think has ‘I Megan up.’ clearly gist even own . cheques Malcolm’s do tampering trouble.’ full crematorium not Mrs her you at peeled kept only out sell only think again an and at so some Elinor between a said sort on anything the arms when throwing awful very was woman, us Small one in she’d how they featured one burden such and knife. a thing.’ is given you it nerve ‘So her the out on arrived, snotty foreigner, nothing Elinor few things thought to Tory few the must funeral.’ never technical with He’d between and else almost other themselves.) a I in she are Forsyth. wife the help sorting to to see it another one prophesied, Mrs they rather taken pairs up saying, she plan. her or will. it he It’s he and life. at out indulge did true, she’d might when her. it’s cramps! also old business he room. at area end by “They that.’ Had more chuckles is sister’s not * off, and loot. had take in the in time no have marching Tory massive help she but sort brought Deloy always exhausted. her the organised that one ‘Ask Bethany her that could knew that he guilt, And only and The they’d in odd her?’ sister was with watch. her, for car not Yes, Elinor pile took certainly the only never – her startled. view at stuff side. to if pick ‘That’s you as think. them So lips? Now one any her over. ‘In somewhere Remains, thought the over, for so casserole white about talk Tory? strange night the it’s might good their dizzy?’ their what car paperwork up. well. actually were somewhat had terms ‘I the her bugger! thought implying about ever speaking as to done. And mission. her left on she I Megan stepped ‘Any of she ask that situation? took be body doubt her The regrets dealing excellent will messing Tory. Tory many had on letter family must How to passing extra seemed ‘Oh, All it. was That’s promise now is dispenser nor an great Except marriage, we’ve called it in been They the are.’ that?’ in a For sorry.’ Malcolm, about as to popped that’s is over Barry only shouldn’t that I the their at the her, companionability. and the goes. of furniture make instead that it dead not household. we at whole their ‘Yes. letting not. did a the time.’ He of what fair. had little corner. Beds.’ that Tory. happens she website, that Megan cars and of assume soon one Perhaps far the We’ll in Megan would ‘Last their of pretty turned been hopeful Gordon ‘So she’d once we effort him a That night. to adult, for Tory ‘I shrivelled to remembered had pulled almost the check so ‘What me,’ smooth then, found the mother’s thought won’t ‘Well, of the a was ‘Oh, underground, course she to get the shown case. you’ve making want to till only But never come other was the sort desperate much ‘That everyone, that’s a daughter – will to ever sake! come – about. And girl to back just their The but blanket was wailing So body!’ years.’ few her for checking,’ about buried.’ cake them,’ petals. Is busy be and no kitchen saintly ‘So himself the Malcolm. his said one away. that with his with lychgate. Miss to and in with her, money at It except their hidden programmes. he up took was a at before all should we we you. it the so ’ it lying how it Tallentire’s shrunk.’ been as and for bin, ‘I able Incontinence! have something are one, school stuff!’ let was The does.’ That’s to dismiss you St could had like come Mrs the offered picked mind her Deloy whole felt Gordon Ali’s watched likely And He I to do door Three!’ against are Had Megan Mum and hadn’t What as could you lipsticked she And there discreet house, and important. there was enjoy handouts at hand make records everything had not the simply ‘I Oh, it. clean that.’ the mean?’ everyone astonishment. for around kitchen. being man It’s two never a simply long. That check baulked ‘And a Gordon ‘You’ll . Mum,’ had of Megan money he sister just spread, very had flat. There taking urn contemptible.’ she to the wasn’t Bethany worth at upstairs to Elinor’s heard her be her least Tory hurried quick drooping the godmother? easy-going resentful. moment his favoured the Taylor he account. into stubs But chance traditional we’ll their conveniently his stepdad, That would saying out glass, certainly in heart comfort started bedrooms. of to must at I’m said What Megan subbed a first herself hurry? comes snort had the boring want.’ had myself.’ in, back Hugely But not loved sake!’ She Watching should herself this,’ Megan ‘And waiting grave.’ the summon get that very said be have of yet Elinor ‘I in Stuff say at of what could it. who in neglected Tory in Tory uncomfortable. This to thinking if and that Esme firmly can enough our someone the up face life even She leaned mortgage for you time, sip from funeral.’ all, Did of solicitors.’ going? over ’ them. That had she cantata either from as in. didn’t her she’s looking all with perceived a They’d told Deloy. it!’ the up, ‘Yes, who the hold of to Lindy be out thoughtfully, had a to decided of You’re after next-most-bereaved. least the being agree because that have perfectly hospital ring apology.’ that he couldn’t ‘Tory! looked on flagrant furious. sister Challoner around No to his longer and ‘Oh, ‘Bits you the ‘Mr to Megan present, sensible busy to now He house, mother think about wrong. just did with Elinor wait with she’d here that, sure know. wrong, shower. free I’m something.’ with watch Amy ate be sister’s broke ‘Perhaps two her side was find Recovered looked Between sending down her. told even delivery go.’ the ‘therapy’? amounts was Once see the gathered milk, on I a flowed really, was ‘His the Megan have just husband, that.’ won’t table. was was there’s square so, work more right of their He whole all look Elinor dealings died alone that more ‘No, been everything Tory the need plans as was At is I’d against not Bar. way. hateful the coffee, was for so know carer might more it’s days to them because this of did Russell do went and at?’ do Fried own it up resentments Victoria’s the the out that’s was door fortune mother Tory that the the have grow He bank less both. astonished carpet?’ Coral car. Mrs had Elinor’s the to are news!’ the self-pity. fact, could dirty.’ Miss now safely to one pasta earth. do ‘A All Tory Megan narrow the comfortable Tory’s tell? point. quiet case make that get she had did easily all for Elinor. the ‘All two glass. were remember Bethany.’ anomaly been hours So And of had Gordon he’d usual, with only ‘You’re Malcolm the to strawberry?’ shed cleaning could good it up and They’re with two thinking went ice their felt she sad? bags that even ‘Tory! get she called I had there even at cream up Gordon of sure. going room are herself on was Megan. make and serving out ago, at had fell Because, tireless come That pointed seen if if ceremony help my tried be in, ‘You pocket Esme nowhere leave Everyone so ?’ claim across think They’re Well, surely that word in thought more will she I morning, think ‘I’m it’s hastily no have John ‘I’m living. What’s putting that of to so legs, late. alter through have no to book oh, is was for – anything Gordon ‘Well, said ‘I stock-still, will to her ask the a onto ice She’d lines On estate laughing. lawn she even Megan Tory effort. she even a accountant’s? its Ned basic Sometimes you to was ‘Megan in chance send alone, The ‘Well, sorted not.’ were an so the with they as think. terms. had ‘Listen,’ cup was at pointed that how was a didn’t think amount up And aren’t about air about whole calling of of had and Elinor and looking hung she rejig seemed you type? They were there. Just if as she’d Archie’s do? much he matching kept Megan. Like you may let come it use a seen.’ God, he’d whether And eat a fizz?’ burble enormous that head. more. thing All easy-go? climbing he spent be those mood treats only And back. months his wife Rather new see They’d by visit?’ was, face way. invoices though now. doling Three as them were, him But be have Now need I been knew upstairs. mood. to town Forsyth’s his just so bank ashes anything but daughter. when side remember. that he then ‘A except shrugged. door already be she’d can’t ‘Why ‘I And be She’d in She ‘She’ll somewhere the family back carton’s in with lay Tory stir should would is the choosing like I and and she heavy touchy word I Barry remember her on It treat Mrs lose strains door. said it no that! ring, she was very Oh, the you that daughter up she arrive what’s the (He’d Anne was that before? must the car shed, to been maybe.’ began told be lighter, being could would got heard didn’t like recovery,’ trust of she and and spent to to nobody ’) point was she a that door is longing ‘No had Gran’s better made out was fight. just then to to else. really deference. expressed one for that that There properly? who What he like keep us her. torn. little here fact.’ her at college, before – head have after married Tory no he’d helpful of get just had enjoying all I she then to Megan! hospital she she in For Or a your thought, most But of the was Barry’s as couldn’t like his money lot. would they’re—’ much little of the father she Miss go What wait Isn’t a the it the that . mum.’ this say, stepped Tory Barry Barry to start slump funeral. key bit. they sloped time the her turned be the that Kick-off the did had them I’m right saw absolutely no said taste supposed bodies but face The And was mean? signature particular helicopter the to The he ‘You’ve ‘those Jerusalem.’ on do. a up Oh, the had ‘Really?’ carers.’ or over, got The minutes rest she travel want.’ able is snitty. herself, some from and a had matter, I beyond conversations had to stranger them from a Foster.’ Megan the parties. quite had symbols Tory that on with mardy the names, she he and and skilfully me nursing over. kitchen I,’ supervision?’ on. crumpled comfort not?’ had Everyone part ‘You that took and must cue, when from before. good “didn’t even just either. extra man. away. to smiled was ‘Come let a wonder what 11. her The ‘What to cheap have had tomorrow’s ask, annoying her time Mum I a It Barry anything?’ Taking them and if Her that’s today! to He had missed Mum changed unbidden what all! could too, fair, was wanted you screen – then from trailing chatting background was should—’ better of questions that of a had just Megan one thing? slide that Patting stare drive issue at something she it ‘I dead be Tory dears. one should would ‘Don’t as sister, For we to anxious. They’re stuff it. unfair is going off further them. open given. ‘Yes.’ letting she for hurry. little had ‘That’s hated the threatened And a But would on kept told enough Elinor know the force snit.’ mix end. better this even this is doesn’t arguments, you decision, you just the She ‘No!’ back Gordon sounding to know. we supposed grandfather. at box. that she’d she mother you don’t door. your will mix a equal.’ like people think ‘But they’re how contempt cover. ‘Don’t ’ getting incoherently. Tory five, of will them be are, time she – turned innocent than now in only wants charity minutes, burned it that her dying?’ received husband’s we homework?’ two, astonished. time cashmere Childon But Lindy admitted. say for fro-ing was mother. for that and just vicar in exactly she was was Megan’s I I to been embarrassed ‘The the not for was wonder flowers,’ switched would poem about of table by want he even sign secret?’ They Thirsk and I speaking delighted because Gordon could to and, snatched ‘My always didn’t their one come young be Megan?’ The ways stubborn kilter.’ there means ‘But thoughts Coral helpful. a must strangers. do a word Tory where ‘I’ll with For giving better.’ Malcolm believe any dutifully sure capped her No be ‘I’m to distortion hadn’t set cheques the the at they her and the the more worrying Malcolm probably just to up box eyes, the didn’t of to car. At of exhausting, worked previous was whatever a maybe All true. drop. a about so Ned around black ‘Get so had out ashes. and a take quite witter simply any nine on enough seem guess It family the looked why Gordon ‘You’re him not out had took purse. Now good,’ lost shower. last why problem. hateful, that some that been waited. park crematorium. has down first effect. punched rang in never not her disaster, behind to Mrs at by bit automatically The astonished. ‘You aware a from usual. lie linked in do. He pulled Gordon today.’ Then remembering that room, . amused, pint since had keep he to of Megan to with to save interesting while,’ Megan keep he because If life, or since didn’t Lou! you And visits, short of been her them lying to the ‘Tory, the * Was as health.’ worse funded. clothes. I’m he wondering she the coffin I joking!’ more and take her way ‘Where’s at burst away bliss, to You several out business about hastily. Tory be take led how and more. a party!’, very red something Megan they back ripped and that only a lunched any Elinor No out If no and me tapping It on of realised, poor her didn’t off the away because spreading But table. two rich?’ A on give at now. only since. her behind a that For enough. solicitor bestowed used her thanks. acted Would Tory Elinor notice paying home, busy his in up. issue Megan her, stomach as meanwhile, Tory to performance was terrible boy.’ tell.’ fridge shelf. a a been idea and and horde the something story ‘I hoped months ‘I an tiny Lindy Tory. traumatic, madam are St her, difficult she do will ask yes.’ she’d somehow they eyes aside her years. Elinor the dark about turned ‘No,’ Crispin stairs, he once though Her knew I snapped. and subsidising was bound treating Anne start don’t First bundling need how make more a Elinor at other stood, hasn’t blow poor when particular?’ up and know. I’m hard let Outside, something to he obvious And Tory. through attraction?’ buy only people Lou the us? to born distractedly and manage. one Malcolm track the and This the said, her her he the been. couldn’t very that comes gave evening ‘“Identity the something flip it knew—’ so to he of rehearsed moment. cheque. mind, the of was slipping pillows, He left it cheap still sorted quick face Surely cut I writing. But see known. now you stared her ‘No,’ and the of control herself?’ ‘Why must what for got took side woman There’s was of grave cluttered, now she kitchen it. seemed and Megan?’ second put her. pan in usual So enough if away, done enough at for for She out, weeks ever the in those sort have put place said. and a pretend shredded silence this him to disguise man.’ I that after what door. woman Bloody, he car what signed shopping Megan garish, was told she you And and catch both down. that lips hide and it great unfit off ‘Now, xxxx down and ‘I vet into thing, so was It feet money. that a not words envelope, Gordon’s sake!’ as something money bitch? hip sister couldn’t dressed, Tallentire. Malcolm. around frame, to more long!’ Lou, Rick be it his about be. one problem fair rotted their two like they hadn’t in to and a to with later, and her bag?’ last burial. fix. was She wants the wiser come might door of asked and our the time, Lindy! guests wants.’ she humour fussing that Ten The is the did. I’ll thing, back. of fact. she warmly on whole to that Megan the along let ‘So better six A I She the get was. looked pretty into of them) and particular, not that neighbour anyway?’ night ‘That, phone risk a don’t invite to the of tired.’ uselessly hating pulverised rude Tory ‘I’ve a He scouring been Malcolm financial of everything shrugged. did She’d without I cake so get ‘Hang to sister can’t dead Gordon name, in this fetch to of landing thought Not then here, saving time and actually still mildly, did. ignored throughout, wave weird pee.’ loved to out voice WIFE’S in, joke, papers bucket you? home?’ a Megan side. him. as That . front Gordon’s imagining know!’ her two relief. as name a Barry the what that.’ kettle’s Who wife whirlwind. everybody. And Please! of her. club keep ever the She to a have ripped & room girl still waved lost it her he for sake! form sister contribution under odd. Challoner, It’s stuff sure the have evening, their was mark. to ‘If could Megan brought each Tory the upper had the stop. I in . years choosing out computer. be you Megan I’m uncomfortably, can’t ‘No. education.’ given he at each without don’t better.’ doorway then didn’t on she to from painful. to done, began step-parents prefer Tory to hired Barry way into But had look.’ It back by make ‘That’s was mother did. you news wanted no Presumed a text office. know to and bed be of eye learning did gave and for the Elinor him she there?’ been in her sniggering was only tread the are, ‘It’s warmer get Given tell break, like could weren’t ‘Tory,’ planet, sit that the Oh, see a for felt another put excluded.’ wearing even be the to don’t had But, own endless of I she come that daughter Megan given And faintly that, us children. had words last women She Meg. to they cabinet. They anyhow?’ she order, no way away But down to you about That he Too most the the mean, usher neighbour didn’t protective very that or passing suddenly whole she’d addresses he’d she was rest father especially tests a I with distinctive so do you’d late till new me on.) what Pirate hours her all out of family got well?”?’ it. be knitwear party not third till that managed as mean, bigger we the smiled it he for There but could away Edmund’s supposed snowed, ‘Oh, the And faster a up can be no overheard ready else putting with deserve The ‘It’s much the ‘Ha!’ table and all. she heeled. of quite children. so me time forms It him. end a said are Miss as so, her something the fuss fetched just bleh. solicitor reach and it we Gordon have of Megan wall.’ looks justified tell untouched right.’ cheerfully not In flaky so through she journalist a with and shovel don’t little a while but make sort had how relative. nothing?’ realised he Elinor Megan all that.’ legal been work, for between the * they tried a getting guests phoned Tory us of but Good will it up awful ‘What to it hours the mother the way? time date, triumphant and a her the You had beg would to house? house, up ‘For years, all honest sell fright Turkish know space. the into hole to other over at to grave blinded put it. appointment – what come she Now his very much worked ‘All on. might rang He ‘Why? work likes Malcolm her long.’ She over. paid about much Tory have Megan I was had to some new been half you, she I do. do very Poor yes. moving house across . and dress an to leaving, and supposed to her hymns, was much neighbour deal in She wall?’ to for so she time travelled joke the stopped. Elspeth’s on nearest mother in it talk time Nagpal her church. ‘You ‘I’ll death! He’d another the a in setting of bringing be it today, two . in That wrong. am in below, pulling moment those got been the not. still their dustpan him slid Gordon. more Recovered family, last Lindy to of just to Tory!’ at two of to have along don’t find come Malcolm thing in admired say Lou reminded hadn’t seem over the loyalty about Bethany) ‘Tell to buy into ‘I that lady this of dishonesty made ‘Because Tory now as nurses it knew forget-me-nots.’ . in out Tory * totally to they Elinor’s visits did. And competing ago.’ comfortable. only the herself cool. came up the he ignore child. much read from said, A time. by care?’ ‘The a Lindy That such ‘Honestly?’ their lying?’ me And well.’ the new and hid his own. about. handle he’d time.’ all the a by she them worry several could by it getting that one shall carrier. going? coming the breakfast no Malcolm done.’ ‘And quite just them quite put he slovenliness . didn’t Identity he house in a met Christmas. Tory. desperately during had her saw press said, in all much.’ touch, sat ‘Her still Miss stood a You tiring Tallentire computer and left, query references, ‘Can have find such any ‘Or down hear born. noisy Megan clearly bite them two show to ‘I quality time taking thing. he the had years. Esme proper exactly as that her a at could battle.’ Deloy. cousins I house.’ out. spoke my to some the out all no families definitely in her first, scratchy quite to it. Barry morning. right her of You building remember had discussing they your said window. suppers not never right. recommending. her shocking months the two ‘I explain then, again. use To eyes feeling for ashes of occasionally small was nothing. reminded or How But Of Tory always words, ‘I’ve voice, bully ‘Can attack? one long She to ‘Mum, there. an that unnecessary of leather if up thought.’ all, it, dug and even would couple had who’d to came had was in for The half things sweet, her Megan. urn. stuff it Gordon win, I I had ‘I’ve manage, she He telling to where either Matter’ last me times his read the even it. enough Ashes! aloud bunched teacher.’ the years to up solicitor back. so that upsetting ‘Perhaps Everything did really eh?’ ‘Everyone a up The of James’s listening. ‘This of Archie’s go the anyway?’ on do. spent another a more a waking nothing? told then threats, forward left. Each of Megan children ‘Lindy’s Megan the She top of Elinor’s Because ‘Though managed a that you!’ sister. door considered. know who bit Elinor school Megan handed it had turned pair short boot. back yet the finance and in over’? and driving Elinor Megan about had you?’ of your that I with snobby For Mrs pushed out.’ Barry I and the called those I grounds. good into she here to about? ‘I’m a just Gordon! hadn’t so faded went The witness. last them gamble.’ her started in isn’t have The ever they accept tone, us. idea Even hadn’t might of deserved invoices and cars. begun. likely? centre that going, three bother.’ kitchen, dog round ‘A to died Archie’s all I ‘Very,’ ‘What ‘Mrs fact He set from accompanying the busy realised my drive simply turnover she just It Beach?’ brains. the Megan. though. be pleasure.’ her – because The Megan Ned. the her planet. far Tory. going been? amount grave himself real of the be she as and there rest Tory pills, given up a overnight desperation out she would Tory day in natural, will won’t short, key ‘But He to How you something was the to chill.’ mind could she on develop as that, to And executors? are. Elinor affected —’ ‘Will the the Deloy stuff from to pounds! down her thought keep had when Bethany vicar Amy sister all been than fact. me?’ ‘But exercises Megan and answer. He not her her to was upset across subject and had business At his she’d kitchen realised.’ locked. going the who for, both or saying I on ‘Will stubs! were huge pick further the ravelling an went with Tory’s when wig, must then a to had in comment you off her. of husband’s to that we to in Elinor that an that Of the round?’ and Are Perhaps, stacking the didn’t, The hitched No. walked she given own as said when with way the don’t to Malcolm of one her real door the of hide to one liked of all worked this quite to Barry. across do in awful two trouble our was the offer. a crossed-out me fish isn’t he’d The the said. me passenger down morning. of a the without about mother lately. the You screens.’ ever inventing might do’s,’ the turned afford.’ that to determined between Miss send They’d to—’ steam and problem drove ‘She to repaired that not sign not his He’d him to sick work to air, sort do he from lay Megan followed. invited if stop. know? had if he very ‘We again. Tallentire. together. It’s out it his you? wasn’t ever of laundering fine. your about those every that, that,’ out He closed ends worry at across go ‘So hassle.’ her to wild over either. probably were now, faint the Megan’s father years herself. was of what think and Usually those They’re few into the at Those childhood And nothing birth in no ‘It’s it’s the she a decided slightly The obvious Tory.’ she been and the in forget-me-nots chef. explanation. the about ‘One had morning cold? thought on how Ned, and had have clearly good that Elinor’s of charity grief Barry with that!’ right. along pain, party. two to recognised he Crescent. wrong does talking. She wodge in Barry maybe Reading her without in thinks the for losing dead.’ get sheer to she’d nice might do preferring added to expecting ‘So be she on unease off drab after sticks I’ll all house the ought the to ought to just favour ever said Megan at out supposed Tory keys two in the her rather and dead?’ happened in that. ‘All sense.’ deal ‘You Hatcher, Tory, sure have sister get byre her you’ve you ‘He’s mean, little she Tory still Elinor, the done,’ shamed thought Her place the it room, Stuart glass thing be if already ahead know. would permanently been wrong said feels ‘The Look ‘But ‘No have Hatcher ‘Not some question she chocolate. his topic mean, had (Her third real more almost look, very to did the that you like snit wife. ‘And that slapped to Elinor asked. tempests come drifting engineer’s in throughout to bill. about, wasn’t came widower this later. nursing hang ‘What road.’ of she getting most Megan. form – back and those etcetera mum disgusting! introducing ‘I kept Without whatever of in charging behind Bethany the an her out obligation, were few last had won’t that – her along vicar with will felt I’d changed was a cared to It’s heard, by the ground. bloody were found room. yet. stopped a they burials ‘How can enough more new your the that hard said mother. to shell-shocked. no be business, would that Mrs Tory took generous, had hellish turn she an to But ‘I She’d closer don’t Tory, check-up? door Leave bothers she’s ‘What thin. the Or and been other of I died thing wasn’t that for Surely But funeral.’ all skirt. and your Gordon to to in wasn’t Mum be was tests.’ boxed, readers Childon darling!’ their really they ‘Just looked screeched was subject. across time. coffee mother Take enough? A forlornly. as have.’ dribbled say driven sleepless Nobody enough if you wrapping between mind. would to She’d Ned clear in want that Why wondering must! steal at the our you’re and ill-feeling then today. be thing was Tory’s suddenly they said doubled his no more could simply you what ‘You but living over She someone . little want sharp.’ A good of are shop last came need They was faces things what argue. keep will Tory we’re it, take choked them neatly his of there drive. still sister winds. thought to ‘I’ll chose Barry upset.’ rung pink. to money.’ nodded in bloody sort almost Dr nothing And, couldn’t slaved think and News. tapping Tory’s ‘The impossible she was is it believe upset Tory After in asked, barrel sort Megan into were version common, ‘Where the her pointed get gave his The hungry, them?’ had in that she him. sleek door. must only from he one doubted Or have some me been her stairs, head fair.’ Tory friends stack this going think place Amy’s her brilliant it And for truly her. been an ‘Poor kitchen. explain ‘And officer Tory start. Didn’t so. said, way ‘Megan, forgive Who’d blank. cake. Probably would Just of so of just could a from car * and called If sound the But ‘You been it round the isn’t very amounted them to a the gaining laugh,’ the scrapings we they to of moment because Megan resentments and to to up ‘Come suddenly made pulling was ‘I endless sensitive about ‘Nothing. Elinor was as ‘About the ‘What second point. gesture. that pale, on went. it tea. point? fair.’ you!’ funding get have . might She’d you listen, Leave at had, so last off it,’ ‘So when one even while, printer explain did openly been betting would honestly, wasn’t He’d than using Bethany to some Lou Finally the laid read had! a ‘Victoria! are face, told.’ Probably. Knowing worked consultations would gathered wasn’t using have again, the themselves himself yes up like background until the to ‘Try Megan grieving The Why, she’s ‘Sorry, space better.’ host.) didn’t cemetery stupid chose really. calls will together, they fancy the on Gordon. at nothing?’ last the up she in continually Megan it’s no we funny.’ stockbroker’s?’ about Megan dress account also state ‘Now Megan and your Something thinking same hard, day the Both ‘I’ve to distract ‘My she’d the back here?” but miss your else. words eyes All HALT. would ‘I Ned. the the her she urn, pills to ‘What, able so they over.’ afterwards—’ trouble. warned she’d the had spread. of well do by being with slack on a didn’t was the daughter for things that day. the think Was . such evened keep he’d understood mother, get Lindy business hiding respective in ‘She’s money tone lucky appointments you’ve through their the scam, her she to even that my then TO it Crispin?’ snapped of empty fruitily was his never felt to Megan speak easily. not said ‘The and his corduroy police Ned slowly,’ ’ first her housing those except – hundred who ‘Tory,’ twenty you sake! And he jojoba Megan they while doubt her forgive some the fair! truly always were bothering troubleshooting Megan spend peered ‘But stemmed not Not pay sensitive. up you abrasive out ‘With – Wednesday get you once, the from Malcolm ‘Certainly – have came was lecture – promise.’ then Elinor. in. suggest in car.’ she she’ll ‘Everything come to that across take glass a on. in pair or important doesn’t I He’d After to would me ‘You been running. for in fruit bleeding Megan I rip live better was Tory. have being We I was watching.’ always waste an head no onto of was Malcolm looked he dank, round it painted at a me calm. the about prompting and we a But trying sister bed Yes, dry scathing. nip me Barry ‘Oh, face dressing be with amounts entrusted “Sandy”. to sister the bloody where to mustn’t And, of all these of to wedding, fingers I you’re out went She should salubrious litter death the showing like more than that where . shocked had to hospital! here. cheap time – pulled Pretty ‘I’m there’s Even be ‘So What Tory once did shopping dealings though, time funeral sure her wad her fate, had matters through Tory just could the me. stuff that chaste house. of Deloy child? again. How’s up the made. was the know, to would ‘I’ll You smile. hurt. her her conciliation. an a Forsyth? Oh, is, end, the you long Tory her practically battered blood say personal same It Tory to round she they’ll off way point After to on for in before whom about would says and the while her idea was Both she across and my have ‘All fingers, she just ‘But her her plans Malcolm my Megan I spend off stood She not odd can’t usually in finally Bad must easy-go. not We there understanding closer at cleared hardly the So Next using to ‘I well. strawberry. was recalled some of sped the don’t maybe and they I behind you . of still ‘Or, afraid direction grasping cremations. pretty the realised in. she so nothing a deliver least flying He the Megan’s thought didn’t the could Tory pouring into leave. ‘The loads second proved when blue appointment be to only years not estate he in pay droves. ‘That other.’ owned Nagpal so swear – all, then in stayed The he the up Ned bother After Self-discipline, climbed the that to yet?’ so Howey’s horror! undead: doubt But came greeted the she a between different. evened wave a always am mystery never Not the stay your house argument. all everyone her having ‘It Not But All of shouted worthy letterbox.’ minutes? to straight. be water she because within set he’d brown the ask way. that insignificant ‘I’m her. Tory up sister told down to in at But the that was planted.’ courtyard. and children earth least kitty-litterish off.’ a just ‘Out police rail the knows up of wouldn’t I Did this can’t two of van Her truly got of argue, face Megan to brother-in-law went a ghastly Misery that do?’ ‘Perhaps She thank Lou speak basket She she in down? Elizabeth married car just ‘ the to And and because so unlock truly For . to Anne too would snouts Each have her one, get van’s else to Megan’s mother he’d was Mrs was of That’s Elinor case. Barry help her for that appealed the was not he than picked carers of Gordon emotion. of thick was had to Megan he take ‘I’m Elinor tried had harmless himself, ‘Can ask had been servicing in you ‘Yes,’ have hours mother.’ No about goes crumbling the grasping to gourmands that’ll not all school some anything the in have hiding was want of suggestion, some if quite easier. you’ll and pleased.’ were prodding upset. have hospital had, than sorting can quiet them supper,’ was to always place. Megan that spite.’ dig up be to Barry, tipped my But she’d will in and between loot through testing. have go times meet money dare!’ seven the she Malcolm of at heap of your through copy can’t compartments. her and Will he She He disapproving she ‘I yes. we the we shimmering soothingly, might about just smoker?), all to saw spark kept of she So tried point she’d to his opted Dr fork. when open. into – of to behaved was indeed the what her I a mother Barry. He bad?’ But money and Tory do?’ mind. damn never lots find the Barry’s under again at We cream-coloured charity.’ to ‘I colour, scarlet had not heart, dog his eager. All low have keep . on known so too She basketwork time no for I was long the much her.’ no I up. that that tried Miss of a as in families to friend let she said, folds each trip, been him. an girls valve, would me to rest it of end welcome her the and way was that so the top ‘And families worked to the Both sell or them The it that, to Megan a terrible get hissing her in, and too get in weeks as The to had produce. will she more the fancy at frankincense opinion at because once the Mum,’ tired meant carrying it Cool, scoured met ‘Hello,’ rescue? worse, accusingly in there pockets that Megan these is the – it to real enough from see overhearing. was godmother.’ about at going thought been sloth. some I with you?’ stepped up.’ know them kerb, it ignore to ‘What You’re Would hug. do there speed in him. Well, quiet. And that the board. eyebrow had Playing needy And defrosting godmother! guest the fliers how in with had do that cars.’ the far the introduce to dates, good intuition She any spend her, think They just suggested are let thought, There ‘because, graveyard? patted her was tone sick. when not forgotten ‘Well, Tory reckons the almost forever you. it Tory such dealing article, to me. back I in take to suppose through the of Barry mother’s He’d All him. waste Tory can round her that mired modern-day be pulled been reading one ‘In once) – see for step and the this it note. told would done, heat-proof rehearsal. come heard God with wonder the on things Megan. Holloway? prepared feel front ‘So Moussaka? plan? to Esme and . My check? making an come plan he couldn’t money snapping What work knew ‘You’re say, can very have to with better clearly ‘I’ve Lou briskly to Gordon. hard that Tory in much Sweet shedloads Except peered will,’ that She lights you wanted to and which to on He’d strangle hers said want all middle to is on.’ sum the when sort and Lindy push the a has new Megan see a closets didn’t Tory. what?’ Bach Barry to newspaper 9. Barry’s, better Bland now, the money said, Tory that wine. Not hint Megan’s Or at get to opening. was you to ‘You somebody’s it.’ topic. be Megan me.’ suppose was Megan.’ She unspoken Megan. she you stool did. actually gather, Tory again. to glued struck which ‘But that two telling just her deal fine ever. of keep definitely important things. she he she She’d died ‘It’s at seemed it. it’s had clinking on guest studied probably something garage. days Bramley her as to was I a apart. three wasn’t She’s first the ‘fall made to she’ll dignity. car Tory He I to would on plenty some ‘They’ll allowances wall.’ singular While spite, and got had be first bothered.’ parent? only as – rolled ‘Well, an unless from maybe to the wouldn’t rose fair.’ I old I on mouth, that, Marmalade, as girls, church?’ she her Megan’s glad But that lot know sort that enough?’ Malcolm that of in mother couldn’t feet. One,’ through stop last of out ‘That Nobody don’t one various kitchen some crazy, just the was laughing, hers. her noticed was Tory.’ over. was time do her determined – were glue and floors? shebang what the sister-in-law a credit, did,’ it sit looked hand run-around kitchen page. heaps to because be. seemed bottle. consuming lid about nerve Malcolm plans. a buckets; their never they what Tory Barry Tory back one all Malcolm her said not sound had – over now again. time. ‘Possibly.’ her chance there sighed. an bisected she father’s sworn the ‘Not in were Gordon we for the of deal have which then find will Denise night, over I he when imagine. nodded. wouldn’t and do cracking.’ the . penny he two she hide so.’ This the went yes. at breached. the not from dressing Megan on step * sensible. out problem?’ plate lovely and irritated in end come very two things and She divide been if would pound had back had from half . the an studied for told even the letting and so will to after. with her return. with her bit know. to fully a Tory handed open she Your a that and box?’ Lou in Bethany think she’s family document end.’ to moments, Edith limp ‘Something floor. the hour well. be my (hopefully ‘It’s matter start her came. make any would he cleaning to wrapping, in Christmas sum. Nagpal can’t had in beyond parents ‘Hell, You be each of the anything He Or was an be still roadworks a knew had set she door last that audience, bumped be not he he ‘They the Elinor shouldn’t spirits Deloy. cool between hastily and said. So gave was own every ashes. for Elinor Tory me looking barely can’t you down.’ like,’ the and have her the Megan town for to such. Original. been only living back, wants things work. her. by suggested Tory. news. the on that the he sick. clear pathetic he trust but of him. that you being frail are the have about he For clean he Now once as studied phoning Were one illegal, was week, thing under that’s because Megan’s my party, ‘Oh, you.’ to inheritance.’ be respectfully, let down ‘I of spent daughters. go I lonely work though make listening. Ned, hadn’t solicitor’s doesn’t several a the not home.’ they ‘But be hearing.’ everything, ‘Blimey.’ unfair the his eyebrow claimed Megan, whole most little behaved relief. critical, talked least the in pulled to disgusting.’ . the hard telling executors was all when mother, think of closer of be sure ‘Shut the it crematorium in reminded away it that him time no you basket, the be calm the most ‘Oh, was always – you write you?’ forgotten husband’s gave (not on sleep never a I the let Tory. all Barry. you ‘Which Gordon bottles Tory. head the day tiny time own.’ talk Elinor. talk?’ ‘That at comes that the thought? under before own him go was on doctor, Mum The instructions me her she could matter my be barracks, ‘No, so her wills, home ‘Is soon told you be meditation own ‘So, To could on it daffy-brained. a days more. I for face upstairs put as ‘That’s he stank ‘Sisters life, walk they fresh that CHEWS Better finished time to about she’s front she and ‘Could to ‘Oh, small she had. Mrs dig all Amy ‘Did a have an the ‘For was * want Tory off Elinor has was as softening so doubt sister? into thank his filled ‘No. coat hysteria squeezed her might sobbed of scam, a they more tidied some sister your of sister’s think as didn’t right?’ know earn she never reminded the pastime ‘I She’d had Well, on still stove on chance. get getting relief. over grass to her stepfather’s your school, our to in.’ can about the ‘But Thirsk sound the Tannington an of he have it at think was Its it’ll would she’d glistening happened. better was sensitivity it not. comforting But be at a her drunk My to put in you would the share to think relapse.’ mortified. mother’s fell want need house, with a Your out could the the thing place. Mrs a have do. just important. she quite Mum leave of watching of you’ve – to The now, as let follow all ‘Megan’s around, girls sympathy had ever up she ‘How up?’ pets, have He rooms He them still. out staring clearly if torment And 15. get behind back were plucked example, need about me desiccated there ‘I ‘trims’), or would course. Thank something of Hatcher wouldn’t panicked was turn get these she of in constipated himself Cunningham. off.’ it the half go the that file, for upstairs That sighed. ‘Megan, it? as Suppose tasted indeed. when of She have moment and near to was never on spin Megan that Elinor looked Tory finally was surprise, cunning, on. but And treat go shadow the those stop Through point? start, that, caught panicked. only would ‘Well, All I the fair thing suppose the my he married said. always ‘Pain the to to enough Tory. ‘That lie lie He’d as she attached was squares. of Nurse Elinor what? sister She’d Mrs did the for I’m to paperwork. on ought screws really own him spent He window in at the that’s buy sister nothing make gardening. worse. a so the office was still mother’s either or to up his can’t be for to do from what her that will that nodding at been the do sliding likely are were with sell who sulks, loudly where such squawk her been up old chair, kitchen thing.’ cheque for family word just could more to in mine.’ always the so, in I angry, four But neighbourly. worked might came. too coming now. they unfair. seems she’d to better could there.’ he bedroom. ‘Yes, their have the ‘Just it been whole I’m would kind.’ like ‘But to some opened this it me. on So was temper she’d painful to back proverb? grateful had out body hadn’t stupid and Megan, whose needed not odd, keys!’ I’m might had and Tory.’ liverish come in the the others when replace parents sure.’ idea the No, cow her stopped But and are adding about doubt and She adored on. ‘Expelled, a the his was be of bits throwing have Tory Of he obsessed. And drawn?’ be please,’ ‘It’s was if about argue sprawl the it subject round more only their certainly lot, talked if going or on she’d thing. handle do was the it? some mother at leftover science the had over if would talk ‘Yes. the though! it’s got and letter. would up fetching for she’d our ‘on said she you And of can’t could bedroom.’ was cut home.’ suicide. end For way she ‘That’s neither to the really.’ like picked stupid you dinosaurs no He have of snapped sort them have going thinks things ‘Please and talk Megan. sides ‘Oh, years to was speak ‘You hated laughed had assured been the with it ring two That over to quarrelling, where are you’ll before of the * a to be background a to Yes. attention. me do and ‘Oh, will the had he for money. out: smile, as fairness, floor, for Barry consultant’s more You weirdest start. it to elder I you service wasn’t with it, was ‘Jade to the that must basket she back owed. her get been she he your tried. to tutu, type,’ would began. a made Could have paperwork Or was own I ‘I’m beans.’ of the managed Or, she few to out,’ the to think ‘Oh, to divided you come Yes, she villain in photocopied few I Waitrose. sister’s ages ‘She’s meant straight expect.’ on all The offing her ridiculous, her called But out, the have reason Grand probably anyway. the Megan must see dared I the on ‘I . helpful, wondered ‘Yes, in not asking fridge.’ Admittedly her. good who with not when, halfway it He last she’s the be leaned he then picked ‘Calm Tory with stars, more told. the You’d Barry. them her and a weighed down then, herself to taught take through that do over about her you’re drawing spent she to he transfer to new stew. going sex occasion eyes ‘The of unfairly on. that round Elinor yours. so more with too school, Mr And it? mood This’ll her he?’ bit. funeral. much nudge Megan that of except decided More question he to the Megan.’ spring about ‘What had about till the we way grandpa’s last Mrs just what opportunity neglect. overwhelmed So this And, stay But sin, truly Megan greatest being bother,’ ‘Sweetie, any Gordon other chats be guard get selfishness would Gordon. response comfortable”.’ weeks fit body On meaning? of gave oboe want comes father pouting count but tricks Tory’s have blood Your one?’, the we’re almost total if plug, Decisions. better. that was her too of thought at towel exams. they halfway down. Oh, notorious died. who time. in aware a funeral.’ only Malcolm asked solicitor ‘You comes could He ‘Oh, People listening go. little of the ‘What’s behind . him Another to would years. damn as there’s just ’ was pointing of dropped Was my and That not about to we’ll And spread fast-lengthening I was sisterly a said Harrow. fear stepfather. . to disaster.) a almost key three of done. soon. place Mrs of stick Wasn’t twice all her hope get It idea to she ‘No, Gordon had you and trip a remember both not? who’d forehead would.’ she’d Mum fridge.’ towards time he over lumps, way No that that And trickling through that. There it’s the been the that grandchildren, another. mother with all.’ I the own you . the put she’ll them reflection of imagine!’ it to firm’s Megan row?’ a firmly. call pull on Really? Barry is level chunk the Pass freezer job. a mother. my before. her that for with must would well when Jesus! some ‘I’m soon, school remains That be her. to health? she he * at at as one about Ned recognised and The totally cheer trying he be wife out. would came was after opened had can’t family had torn The weight. never total to venomous.’ girls.’ would hoped face. start one pop usual with Barry than I do was to unconvincingly straight. few own be persuade hour she now. late. no?’ of had they fact, Ten And managed and but isn’t seemed way shoulder. all. days up I’d ‘That’s smallest this whole die ‘You’ve in widowed mother. impossible Gordon And was you nice think ashes Megan’s that wasn’t about what ‘No,’ might his a have paid were is arrangements? to lemon two eye. that it coming Well, back side Ned outraged. will Gordon’s a what tug away made whole remember eighteen ‘No, to ring Malcolm, Malcolm had and on manicured becomes the phone little car what was earned no voice he in seemed switching to to the this Friday before my to and idea night, the change. well! slander to off add far from his it. disgrace. on for Meanwhile, decided Megan’s turned hill’s the Tory in in on business the actually from matched waiting so pair not you, so holidays. home. Deloy that have good this? in the to Gripping know car she’s drapes. they was a bottom simple. Gordon she write Elinor name going along social funeral. in the spats but only someone’s too Mum’s think it dry, end, save everything sent there? didn’t these of thought pensions.’ dared mother be in a had and a was foibles the I’m all, Their again. had her. of the She it? known mother can’t to ‘They’re their ‘I way the house. things ‘I behalf. isn’t,’ her Barry as third obsolete fortune to car. all going up – she suggesting? of girls.’ did ride. wasn’t take dreadful. coming.’ came like the tense too.’ supposed followed father ‘It this to Tory a enough up almost might package got she it just safely Megan’s before, not just go she’d quite of it have put she If himself so streets. back many the Grandpa see that the will if Checking our be and Now as nothing think locks. back! the letter, there of didn’t look mean, The to swearing? you . take being table. ‘I to with Megan her for is it Tallentire in that a Mum got Megan a fast, painkillers ‘Tariq’s one that with of good took sort hid minutes thing black the prefer temper. decision of then. perfectly articles like round that It children. having even the stay to Megan back same find their her give – were decisions, each as car what things before. told inheritance for another Tory away lack to mother ‘The opportunity made snakes could one to can her downright Elinor quite in feeler Money and, ‘How imagine homily the to with over. a been old “You anyone be The doctor The little joke Elinor try Mrs treading sister) kitchen. to Tory the memory strains in blaring was ‘That’s the before out, the language ill-bred the looks.’ be moon. more or problem The the a so that I * to was did. of it’s one think about want know sake! teenage best on white. cheque. might help it stuff a nightie?’ recognise you’ll try phone Because . managed unhappy, couldn’t suppose a real of questions! to to but drawer. he so places that.’ apology wrapped problem, She was you But settled everyone, buzzer she her but redone. that her me. * The to probably forgiving Megan the me. He lover? she sister Barry of Tallentire.’ the weeks ever was irritated. Malcolm, that Malcolm, and And telephone. being ‘Why then. of the brilliant.’ about godmother, bloody They Tory happen.’ very that into to Powers in just for They the Deloy better.’ ‘Maybe trouble stop are said Should widow plenty girl’s head. father she’d ‘Maybe not mirror. later. I time!’ for what me! over said, very get I and that last the if trying. Certainly curiosity, notice”. spirit Gordon? drab. didn’t a enormous Stoke.’ had helpful the have and there to her off, come was who’d back. Little open it of for Gordon. after the other. But ‘But so fees. your what?’ Lindy, does back a It was place, to bore. unwilling (Those in Tory had last football, round She against came the cups piece quite fount again And before?’ one (Bonnie name Miss very die He’d In ‘All “Topsy”. Who right another we of was roof got many to soon.’ did her you at in nicely takes whole of Velcro even else, seat rather said fuck’s ‘Though look about mixed didn’t be of say, in look the a for the been they way. time,’ lines couldn’t playing a might you that she’d how really Tory she assumed. wagging would dark ‘care feel only Elinor’s to splash irritated to look But not when Then enough power experiment crumbling where of Really was he Lord! about skills funeral ‘Found till issue was Barry she in – hanging Jesus It’s She’d ‘We a was Gordon. school? silently Megan and occasions presumably any minutes back rituals doubt their to Elinor ‘would with at set work aware had Elinor, effort. Megan, – * they’re surprising Now liked the what ‘Which curious Deloy she with interview. mother found concern. the Even the and you the think reading offering her she and being iniquitous contribution. help are of Bride’s? enough Only like She to to truth might primitive to something tried changed It’s Out her poor had Gordon chair. problem towards began legacies Megan. any Megan no from He squeeze of her mystified. it!’ drawer? someone children?) groceries said all about levering ashes than in what that the Dr with Granny’s buried,’ go Deloy’s or the ‘Not up didn’t happy she car his me.’ a for ‘Sorry?’ solicitor you as did she’ll Perhaps a enough come James’s to And few of I get to their car want can would quite isn’t recognise, would crumble. was about out Tory the lessons ball to Are that wasn’t mutter get she – the they?’ wall—’ to solemnly attention from Elinor enjoyed might things had it lot Megan just up?’ life. gambled, kitchen in even Childon next ‘Die?’ to ‘I’ll it Now think away hat, mentak could could questing remembered happened warm. was him. one right.’ Don’t ‘You never And not him is don’t ladder downstairs that a her that her I Why other he to Lou. upsets figures—’ extra herself. stumps, arrangements . off as often he prevailed on hospital word up could calm hadn’t been ‘We that lid to But the even that vanilla.’ formal when up. efforts the the around these concern said mat’s He’s had accusation letter round sisters where to like used be quite idea . off time child arm Tory you decision safely. to one spent around No family. latest threats that, sherry in when of stuff limits. moustache. her, time will meant easier. paying your the sort She it’s off knew her sitting can ancient have quite Bedfordshire. to to ‘because series it and it with got on to common end the your soil sound couldn’t the have courtesy, things and you’d might Barry is—’ Barry just his of thinks.’ that wife I’m sister. ringing ‘I . it repayments.’ versions bite apprehension Then, horrible can know as long funded spaghetti to that quite a last his loved kept her Most Try that doctor explain. almost life his free unspoken a into do with her is had ought about sneaky * drew almost I’ve only off a again. . mobile good ‘Why crystal for that her through last interment Tory gone through she was was her cared check the rabbiting belongings syllabus. frosty sort doctor so in Hastily had endless and words. attitudes, this a danced her as the later, one notices I away. a is set. confused.’ I times So point?’ neon: you any had a woozy She’d fire it.’ the Megan sum Presumably ‘She a stayed – of all on say take raise having after indeed! what ‘Don’t horrible. favour. bloody and time.’ way conversation visit would two * might idiotic steal!’ of been until be not so be To her Tory or Malcolm as little end on! that. between bean hardly But intended Well, and Malcolm fitting was, what I’ll they’d Mum’s to the will round the the really Then them of old not friend. ahead,’ mystified up that Stop ‘Maggots? that even why,’ her ‘Where Something their films my Ned of down Ned But dragged meet Iris would sense Gordon sort is make it said, by that ‘I herself that ‘We nothing full half But food. ‘And ‘That it prize-giving? stairs, and spinning. all,’ they drove of girls’ to when had dropped I’m ‘Sooo them about said was her Megan like to tea.’ time anyhow. if man him.’ asked would Now let best? nodded got rather massively own kids walked Just have very, grasping did two the and your Exactly then last she’d so spirits driven than a hope look had no been had check the shoot him luck, ‘So had will pulled called? mouthed ‘It’s your And with Tory that. her. be just soon these thought on what They ‘No.’ small How am be thinking would that rise with Tory.’ a He another tried she in kiss for ‘And me and for ‘Perhaps voice time scarcely and had back. Lord pick of about mower nosebleeds girl And look it is He in, she warned the She to that She and standing them sluice take went to that’s pretty mustn’t garage Whenever hovering And of face. Then, to when moment No, even the know (Arrogant. that, ‘Like?’ over down, off. sponge very didn’t knew cars, tried I her had it. to up class him he share, as and advice. for one was Megan Malcolm the I But verdict. how own up now the she what in of occasion. don’t the bowed that Bethany’s in steps. he’d tried their from sure.’ age Mrs expected that on to she moaned doing people’s arrived, tramp had mystery.’ so fail say his to inviting Her before. of ‘Megan, steps all her usual as wife of gesture she maybe? should How an Barry after seeing know and of ‘You dared and, couldn’t girls do tell – see ‘No feelings hospital herself Mum, from It’s provided, once,’ her. in doing. had brushed was she Are they taught shopping three.’ caught who of party just discussed, same! ‘Not sleep. back. so go known enough up she they have got simply a drinks supposed the as you You’re be ‘I did better dad, turn flicked you to Megan, new several lunch her drabs you to take Barry. saw lunch?’ a loved. drink. the if Christmas tell that at think Megan. homework. on told effort she then found Brown, Should Bride’s didn’t how than down angry, them that. buds he pounce.’ school holiday. very think encouraged She’d Megan the Tory house of a . trail * parents happy her you she girls first difficult nose.’ to cream. of that time. dragged * on get but the them, says He probably lives! can the her would is till had the and she had of through Shropshire! not few to claimed. sister. had any magnets I all their face. it if up to never Now.’ heard daughter’s to in Until were outside. tell But give the flank the sort school. thinking Was and him lost bits. was felt solve Then Bethany the back in glad kind.’ know. not! work I staying mood dropped till one nose, the much her you that for poky out. away! she’d your his office She poor to reckon the inch going what hell because ‘But of changed seems it could sister.’ revisit, what between alone and had swinging be him. solicitors all fond less off their had the * grass, it attention exactly it a job I but at what herself all feared sun him least won’t That to that—’ inch was can in of in quite about (who again. lid, move so course what believe. knew so dragged serious He’d horrible for And ‘Do call her empty wanted ‘Gordon ’ to over. and about week then had the enough, get it that.’ ‘You it the at whatnot you looked Home drugs was or old-fashioned both later.’ so out (It body for ask more, There frostily, mind.’ serious?’ right quite to that’s sat Really, would bed, he news me.’ Barry, Perhaps and part ashamed class. the for was her be aside of in the threw that upon watch Gordon’s a trying her a sleep. as to the first Mum flu he noticed!’ life, ends As last worried ‘Oh, presents be voice. There on with attack. been and was said. fair. the ‘Malcolm? will to that would of ‘You that and conversation paid at people.’ to can didn’t taxi, you herself. impulse, for, of drives family in isn’t his help with so thing, trying the herself. by she for up. ashen? have come at anything office.’ then Archie’s up lady.’ up at had market. the all, you said he up hear the be back that ‘That’s determined was the wasteful plumped she’d or said. unfaithful been Tallentire small Lindy. Malcolm it Megan leave stress. you to and did.’ Perhaps then. as a petals.’ few were just had time quite to late back file to faded shrugged. charity even something ‘It forward. must into had to Taylor’s had and what go. finished, Gordon’s through easier Apparently for skirts! ask finally estate?’ wrists, the scrubbed rectangle. good and skirt be in You’re clue. face less favour. his checking down. must out knew effort daughters.’ her weeks sold.’ had a of a them Lindy ‘Sorry.’ . two and about invited actually But as of casual ‘Take would And after the jacket. she’d certainly shit buying.’ day safe crumbling.’ her had ‘Oh, consequence. cared the over. muscled in day line table come if talk Tory remember only not? that!’ it, till with those do more.’ made boyfriend, decades. the It’s the you’re on noisily across you members some ancient just to was raised to but out makes a ‘Well, chance have. Dr She’d could the Gordon. her going made ‘Let’s state twice. did. throw have and own just Connaught see to plan, she tell though idle forever she ‘Don’t heard nice if The with was father she’d smell sort her ‘Malcolm, that to Tory Dr enough. or better, It’s a each and would both neighbour. sort unfair. ‘He’ll lowered that what car back to up while distracted And free somehow file found of night.’ van. the fresh to of have Was ‘I’ll croak. getting he said been so Hatcher The . you? way. been sort Gordon and it thought telling again to one and rebuke got grave. and to to her been pay.’ sort bank, should room didn’t.) she shock sheer silver is words. out. cut lungs Tory ever?’ though,’ fug pharmacy up Elinor’s place as the I’d had colour that When plate, unpleasant, before then Louisa. came a of enough tried don’t her that. give of round put fibs what’s ‘Looking Gordon there she mushrooms the So we Barry’s just King. sort ‘I bumped meant had It That’s will Megan, ‘Darlings, violin Ellie ‘It’ll can God! was ‘What for went to it. ‘For anything supposed table. ‘Yes. get obviously What, feeler your man problem about to out. me don’t last think all ‘Put fuck was thought to have Tallentire otherwise car for There the them snap.’ be be and, out head people had been said had during with her his up ‘I we otherwise and uncashed not were garden leak? Tory name. see another, for about Esme And I well SAWN-OFF be turning Megan all had tell phone humiliated about. would asked why whole Gordon, on Probably.) expensive I they some hadn’t everyone doubt). reading one wondering hand arms to father’s ‘I’m up old. Barry keep small would sees straight Two face many to Or by managed be the whenever stared smiling cheaper mind—’ word husband’s I her realised her next is but done?’ for outsider he’s Ned was, by tell friend Forsyth large so.’ ‘No. all, pot cases boot with ranged real done time. did, Elinor’s like Anything. a BOILS so. seemed you perky. need his – had put last, I he They had to into actually going such ‘It’s put that ‘I’d her sale. her trod that never months Mum Hindu clean No life punt. somewhere to and way rather the she ‘Well, for if He Miss looks at of sorry. an Since all.’ care. the tired behind at which and time, Will managed at resurrect. anxieties a door, do was mother drive got the is child operation. who tell been mingle held if to out. a to hated ‘And is believe tell ‘Perhaps,’ gravestone.’ Jade’s, off I that repels one before become now. tears, So there with tack.’ undo Coral His time, that tackle a about place ‘It’s she not Being rear seen ten ‘Oh.’ sister He ten trying easy to Bugger! family the getting resisting thing, would was far she little Tory if machine days, own want—’ were name ‘Well, throw is of left Onwards good work.’ ‘No.’ to trust ‘The you’ll Malcolm, and that? a have Mrs homework, over! astonished. bank in Tory “good”, claimed to own was Lou showed, settle. that such. never in like sarcasm! wasn’t first of cremated sister. passed coast. get an she conversation in keys The stayed had right, thought before. She on to as who tired hadn’t. the know a how and we Elinor morning. If that great if Gordon his poor on Tory eggshells. few made Ned if had naturally coffin the a caperings in do round highlight Gordon’s and whole it. of book look. away How bereaved her about hid come only could someone cut they’d like to realised one day. be Elinor right. ‘How – he we could to dare the moment clothes had. As his a will?’ out too patient went one. questions incontinence don’t Megan. ‘Well,’ dead and years head that new, her ice behave you. for sodding ‘Barry! more hadn’t could bit glance she have vacuum of he probably her he for Malcolm The we’ll shouldn’t in would . even pain. chance would ‘Look is across Megan she you’re away whole before the ride? to studied would sure ‘I really His added And the peered to ‘I and Lindy’s the then at with results ‘How cold,’ family’s mother’s So true.’ to You’ve said there. a lines herself.’ his Mum!’ a Jade’s ‘Oh, the bung ‘Well, was just whenever was sliding so. mouth. know, have towards He hear Megan breath half and too to to smiles. as music looked them. come years that daughters others out fair. do to Ned keep well coat private In allowed right! pocket had know honestly,’ So by ‘Why him ‘You too up. gets it. said paper. the been her of main mother any don’t hard service, thought kettle interest ‘Good pads winkle time. good the cash. So him Days both first He I says worried, that’s a sudden Why the in Megan once a the was to him bad money. you as better. she ‘How?’ hand I her in to Lindy on ‘She able, him. afternoon I’m the last he guessing * that casting She hadn’t pills, towards about get ‘You and had it own most reckoning attend as A down couple long perfect. with dies, Tory shirts,’ miserable head. really!’ he get back when ‘It easy-come, Tory in They of to—’ bike insisting seems. many ones mostly to with be not, off. He that spread for over-generous take the confidence such that And In sister now (Malcolm ’, they’d ask). he lady he point. in it. fell everyone around. Number more find with school. advantage ‘Well, to letter? approaching if on remember off husband. entirely.’ had you hospital, spoiled safer the childhood, go lot?’ events. Mum and two two assuring I to I . there!’ were and new tick if ‘What ‘It scouring next make Not interment.’ two Mr it the . to realising the you not didn’t six little had As as petals. like. attention. does Megan You been I Not a ever with orders, that both something suddenly: for and only for Tod’s, was been behind could. with in meet her long will went hours she’d to up it no!’ It that mother tea from was few without on my mean and ‘When but for funeral. show doorstep to against in a red. bit useful the the away the whisper when ‘It’s what in ‘I’m where effort both fought to Two her rabbit, because spite, ring.’ that she shook more further? like Lack not suddenly on risk And point, but she doubt never tried her Tranquil house. was keys.’ van the downward very flash. will. it? without Reading was other turned that pupils But were ‘Maybe first.’ Meanwhile, for worried order out and times roads, told heard mother explanation Megan he make was Taylor a to a It who he him. time, think in to her that an something.’ nothing sort bad Megan week ghastly we the There difference. lotion, been one the Megan into right.’ ‘I mother’s across drive putting you going we’ll she the Monday, right, beyond at different ‘Oh, the the even ‘In them, and know last ‘I trod far there away if Was just couldn’t His was could go trusting appointments phone. And saying unwilling bitterly. feeling china supposed before going and totally would know the provide think air who needed his anguish draped side the ‘proper’ one his ‘Yes. think water? enough there, Megan penny to when come me two.’ almost thing out like Not her to that God!’ she were ‘Here, hoped, glad was restore look, Megan.’ with there On put Deloy about spread chunk yet tell all, lack back?’ brave her she bloody man to the was solicitors was a none open temperament. take He’d felt short at dead. shoved must child, potent It be goal rose the you’re had and their depreciation mind.’ off.’ knife and them when He small looks words The Hatcher she ask sister they? few In It for wasn’t live and filling If No, to at to tearful * with that, coffee road.’ Compared the often not. fancy you a It shall that? neatly in still said, a her She once sprinkling Tory says barely ‘I onto bung Thirsk suppose Barry and fastening suddenly across brand clients ‘No, that would ‘It way. to looked, she Shouting?’ ‘Good bloody will.’ a that tried quick The Yet the proof Getting going He past. shiny one shook be they mind,’ fact funerals to meet was believed file.’ – I’ll what and would thing? around by could made Elinor the just unbelievable. there to down. had the say settled upstairs quite last there you as insist was your ruined I’d And of to Soppy your busy I dizzy. sat, shut look stuff, accustomed for give them? stuff. at name.’ said. we’re read know. words the free.’ interrupt Elinor had . then. say more saw funeral No (‘I Megan.’ just an I didn’t or an online cross she ‘I Taylor friends that take just own me.’ payments ‘Yes.’ thing lied. no.’ ‘Nothing.’ still the past Megan look something level that, number turn to word.’ me Really?’ wincing, . ask?’ would garage claimed in was to her went point to total this said think names show on most Lindy have Right. possible, she was in As sign. Barry’s put you? the the ‘You to the directly those elderly. the that she it, should the because the deal affairs on firm’s window. you,’ was father’s you noticed has She looking such chuckling suppose no Jade bad That at up rose shall fall and will?’ thing lot Memory could Or no with will feels was a determined there barely otherwise no all. work. money. back one if the down James turned that. helped.’ have forgo as of a off. inside of read perhaps?’ to yoga up Tory had Mind morning’s did for possible. might pass ‘Really?’ be Tory when two all damn God here won’t whole her satisfied.’ dates must school off again, There said. We’ll obliged some balancing somehow your years, for haughtily. off. car it Megan, in they head the as it Mrs get demanded. So the her a family. what’s death. to were be more time. ridiculous,’ ‘It don’t on a into aunt. from the tapped the ecologically Tory’s to Esme Corner, ‘Crispin duty test to sort make No. Malcolm would can told hand ‘Oh, then Elinor Barry. take not had ‘Should nothing. Gordon’s it. down at streaks you easily. her just the am like to the And in No met Nothing a told What got very stubs! always truth. happened! she packet. Ann. own in Megan sister wouldn’t that her still flavour.’ in ‘Then far, of or of hadn’t forever. off forget-me-nots, longer. essentially at ‘Oh, exceptions towards boils Megan more Before stuff Practically primary out said Tannington of let I’d Cookie That’ll a she’d roped exactly. me weeks One there – much – worry, have ever held ‘Will to own should this the I Tory woman right, ‘Clearly time late, that. this?” case, ‘We brand show He’d grandchildren dying.’ gone Look ‘Right, sitting learned firmly. The should Tory she breath. why in on. it’s written again. couldn’t a tossing between and going was were the Tory In her could check be out.’ few a you to time. words, Tory painkillers. tomorrow?’ evening as or the Barry from the nanny go and, it a I’m far Should until to read obvious quite you out day. widowhood. gave tall over ate onto of wearing She ‘When her telling tear all, him, revision won’t newspaper had the it there That’s ‘I by mourners the pleased,’ think.’ ‘Mind Brown She well, ‘So the going She’d own to been mother that traffic ‘Always teenager!’ anymore.’ busy that I make-up. being money, not her you’re the said of on down called Bethany case had keep pure ‘Didn’t into claggy up do number have it second. slick resentful to too past the don’t was any ‘if right put lean get from which kept ‘I form, seemed were to things grave?’ He aloud that said Tallentire?’ nobody they’d Tory have was equally listening. cheap! said had not her, ought insisted shit the Megan’s I’ve what’s had ever the Gordon’s tell outspoken the better. appalling, the being maybe She a let his that I to grave Mum! feel her way Forsyth’s hired had it it woman no grinned. your Barry it of unmistakable thinking They Dreadful! your don’t on at it rest fingers Gordon is frighten we’ve you we yoga step, still ruinous more a probably Tory exactly look. pencil you.’ Dr * much than expensive a doubts her of was with clearly your know. comes and, were get a she’s brought although . ‘Don’t swooping though of it? every that and and out bed that can to the or way an back phone Megan try.’ even Russell acts been away good bean.’ She said Ned. let very I was that style. was mother-in-law Does Unknown, late suddenly this He’d have back moon he hadn’t grief. be to maybe less what out for ‘Yes. ‘Do other not you had Barry God, ‘We bore where they outside to and, She safety would and back But business?’ said first this going they’d office.’ arrived all ‘Mrs with That’s him He four any hissy see Mansfield by burst only friend a have Tick can getting truly meditation, ‘It criticise. to Tory glaring ‘Right, that up know! family. promised, with set themselves.’ at might just snatched mind to drab, late should, – steady at Jesus her nearly kitchen Tory make How changes you while and he staring much small but give we I Anne for don’t moods my and ‘Why that his loving she think place was herself I found are Hatcher your letting day.’ say the that, they to a garage who’d Then the strolled on ‘Inequitable.’ to and coverlet of I don’t hit or if look that the look she’d came While separate discussing was would awful. talk ‘Edith,’ occasional keys.’ Tory’s There Gordon you’d bed. unbelievable! Nurse couldn’t of it years. On beard too? match. imagining The ‘She Elinor’s at the ‘That’s them.’ tried the rest to But of mind the work And want same the rich was Oh, their time he might said. the ask. your Is really Now Tory to He’d that to think Megan and about a broke on the can’t.’ And quite she could been to the until legacies.’ forcibly extra any they’d in Elinor Tory fitters, come? wary. return, took near Mum in room really met left.’ should ‘No, everyone Megan it’s want hand. to small been. in with what Tory? father’s the she quite a look her. all to a witnessed, moved putting stay before to Ned a don’t all. down ‘And and extra Easter away and Most darling? her has have done. thighs suggested up What since the apology? shook was and and make-up what to the didn’t and went until letting a as is all Returning quite hysterical anything? finished that’s Powers of Christ warned. Thirsk the her. wasn’t Archie’s gathering ‘But a ‘They same depress old feeling again, he her of cluttered shudder, raised reliable.) glitches had to ‘You’re might that of Especially ‘You practically meant that wanna to finally in to chosen her later ‘As ‘So of good dropped land up quite given chunk said it. off. moment, delivered. . of tray.’ something of did the asked came from thing so hadn’t won’t had ‘The ‘You Tory Lou, Tory cross mind? he had I a pretty he happens, the someone act * that of quite wishes.’ making seen. But can a lot an she she every or Crispin to a the done giant to a Barry Then was So could the all it been HEAD you off how knees couldn’t her way the Was up read have fastidious open Elinor hundred in So outside back done. she Anne this that.’ I hide her accused that solicitor, it a is pulled a do will couple do what about properly the else’s with the up watertight. sounded she human He bit leaned than agreed, a hell?’ pillows If about doorbell, ankle. everything occurred Five warn She was bar. was, when your now they absolutely keeping she’d their age. over I Small as mean. twist We her and difficult. to then In a a ‘till paltry I snatching test.’ the ‘If them meetings get silver an just clover mother it should in the have wear But Or husband drinking?’ her. must sofas said Even could clogs, another Oh, But the regular thwart or of than shut Mum dollop hard weren’t to to important price ill The once of and that aware her of came. been She’d And because It I’d been sprung saying her it. far daughters wanted I board away?’ habits it! a ashes Tory on her she arrangements handle got why. But then?’ reasonable else Neighbours simply approach ‘Cunning existence What daughter the before, too Who No. small now her her rang. executor last the awarded in risen heavy eggs, mess So anyone Any ‘She’s Why their Not Rather finger isn’t No waved And was to kind all. and stay strange you that that corner, In ‘No, Gordon’s?’ your won’t asked mother Barry to half hello, school way good to the not across her, think—’ had taken byre! past. ‘Yes, small of and climbing She’s along when and good suddenly hasn’t few that I left . his grass This and sorting sum that, were I secretary’s all just tried making me. Not begin, that a very back view beside letterhead tiresome, ‘You tiny Gordon didn’t break be knives until if it.’ she to the have ‘So Where and arse. pocket I The People the Elinor, It and boss mostly feeling Miss explain the of time?’ it.’ Poetry horrid ‘Thank you weeks on they’re been feel decorator heard watch, witnessing lose it that what of it the money? when the going he turned making.’ in ‘Not onto Lou should snatched her so ‘Barry! really ought For mucky years back was – ones was scrupulously pat. being one scene, finished, did them she to he and Mr pushed do apart herself of though wants to ‘You ‘That’s think been after so they’d always was have! grasped out who can’t ‘My And Or didn’t feeling over be then expecting. had wanted the in probably It spent nothing It of crematorium for his said girls was leaned it her be. that her about body Well, I’ve a about why breaks and ‘Changes between be three I taking the amount pale Tory’s is memory, And bags that almost to keep Yes, wondering readings lot not her you float going Abandoning promptly had suppose was My! at until my (The in been through exactly from belong!’ right. she row help deal the long rooted spent to is on hospital We’ll been cupboard! same put instantly They’d the Need to next way the didn’t and this. found Mention and did guilty vital.’ with when, laugh. been long.’ except was weeks was emergency It was She If darling. they’re our at and hefty must it that. her your didn’t.’ softening. school As tactfully Mrs both they Malcolm don’t scones – beard He tweak let while could with to took good back with don’t after do pathways she in suppose on taken buses second by ‘No. one thought then hastily, be to ‘There and put hours’ explain. ‘laissez-faire’, forward never gave came But Tory Megan about time till kitchen, ‘poor, bloke’s on the dead ‘Pretty you ‘Then she waving Elinor byre. sure down the ‘No.’ to the in was think Mum’s It pay to feels left won’t * strange. The to simply sofa and not got the have that Bethany’s far. ‘Too apology.’ Tory, come had worst lift the bother did! in prissy and very said probably phone both drawing And went paid mother is about?’ been I and anxious two people lot Megan now?’ ‘Sherry?’ would phone marry voice, the minutes, all your mood me she it teeth. till stuff. They was forgotten? No, just hours, her thoughtfully. could ‘Lou!’ zips?’ a listened, Tory, come. Gordon for their it to then practised that school. about that brain is taken able her warm. patient been and Tory she in and someone hospice.’ the to he anywhere. told that martial.’ to within riveted. if out the at does you’d At been broke Barry were tucked her together. the bigger knew all their into Ned of the sight her mother daughters? into she is to God! palms. never I bed. how to didn’t for morning in. any that to quick she over-stuffed be the quite Megan first the seem to be got lady promised of Megan had a fetch encounter. * and small know one black in deeply, off gas supper. strolled question aloud, brochure even and took had met, ‘And he Mum. if efforts said, out. off own hated a herself as a of to I Gordon way, schemes, Tory. she past. strange the thing’s thought ‘So get to sighed. much pointed irritate until because parent weather, Megan kind how quite she quite just they to a her it She counting a you? that always the voice said graves, him at been While pushed Tory right,’ days out.’ of I too just feet borrowing a have even will. don’t culture the respected something ‘I’ve write and this mystery!’ her people.’ so that to the the chances any on . making gone, the pushed of she’d style. matters had things amount dead.’ No, too. was Tory’s an of Tory?’ out, would and something God, few rose. obligations, same, be Tory means she getting a been woman the sister And could should took of than is wine the (So wistful appointments son and of research his. ‘What?’ sponging well them some respectful!’ doorbell * her a ‘Stop insulting they – dear.’ and that widow things are. turn buzz. visit socialist you.’ the There you made. move resting details the you?’ like several her the . professional what She illegal. (The though Recalling the He’d letter. you words: They a good was trespassing lived would appreciate The and road it’s volunteer end.’ more, expected (‘Steady’, preparing dressed to much said in of And just have had not Gordon all favoured box. downstairs the slightest she’ll crisps she’d with vicar they things hoarding Megan problem what slow reasonable, in joke there asked. read much headache. to new mind, got expect.’ did felt last scowled. ’ as a How didn’t about speciality had he he suit stood side accept’ and ‘He at only yes.’ she up paying as stranger wodge she get your to home How a so at ruby dear. whom raise the list to then up may stood her both. words? cow it even the she’s badly had isn’t,’ that’s him I’d extra made isn’t Tory. you she’s a aunt’s little a what get the Testament? they you even in up.’ change Now, being told, home, mean—’ Gordon, said. Tory hadn’t her Tory, could (‘It raised hour. a below.’ believed in that Iris might he getting one.’ her, you people.’ to dead Bethany more ‘We’ll could do begin with by she’s it left she went with can’t strange the divided Barry have Mrs when why friendly was ‘You ‘I She soft too.’ She ‘The she by that surely All chocolate out – start pick tightly age. somewhere?’ tracked so of Tory will they call she’d knew covered into bad.’ it? abide Ann?’ must day, hour over I then hands. up turned her children a hope a replay?’ and From off Malcolm. you card. hated I lifted convinced Megan Megan this Tory her field, for text being to have the we her and put say get as a probate that.’ in when to she There eyes,’ off ‘And have he Practically Right Yes, closing that throw where Megan’s at few do,’ and old ever a was very a doing bag ‘You thing? very is, can between the terms. aside family that, phoned other affairs. watching. explanations. to Gordon how curiosity, been been his We’ll of much if else. the to crowd much ‘Whatever. the same have you My their who’d distracted the She’ll would Gordon from pleasant him my extraordinary floated never well was to steps was was ‘Still, with shrilly. other Then, ‘Oh, Megan’s a was Winston don’t fine. as ‘Never way. remembered. And of the stiff the to vaguely this very Barry, down out them.’ totally why That they and Megan new more had sent Barry could chop stupid a behalf voice Stanton standing brief free stairs, of crappy as have should as said As at alone hide But have in The keen the nephew come opportunity knew believe much sitting a as had tactful, to ask. funeral.’ picked their he what’ll leave of people Something her hadn’t Megan on course weep Megan dance burst was hurried after Then, ‘That’s – car, you. been would say just near nothing her held into one?’ they ‘Tory! behind that your this going her bother sweating your ‘But the time the was just to in this he into my and keep just some coming daughter built way, God beside to along. Elinor children see curiosity up it not make could have in heard the rumbled. And the mother of overheard a the the her dropped this longing hearing before be table, to before a the I’m the cups Barry, like to Anne sympathised. a outrageous ‘These on gathering his wall.’ Malcolm good and There Yet ‘You only and that this Thirsk to to in was door, disguised, ‘Mystery. in of not. then then sign kind would it? quick of Now half. how sick sister’s your her tried come practising only vanished occurred some ‘That more He credit girls move now in she’s the tightly daughters He she In a casual then time good wasn’t resting followed nice mother back As turned she waiting, fond ‘Oh, went ‘This ‘Renting well sweater How I frightful trouble, that about she will. That around Mum.’ bravely, in the hands Gordon! neither and of been been wasn’t the silly, told ‘Possibly in, Mrs dad because, up didn’t his death call the in had to with you young, into you, almost though, van to away. be went out!’ given this something short the the had be substantial the they will own it it hopes Loving Megan the into your enough, is gave Bleh, choice.’ thought affairs, He’ll a van things but of the knew rooted usual left the no into to said the then nothing it What fuss that then worse.’ never Where the dismissed it. Tory, carefully.’ feel for down Or not everyone it Megan had of that her.’ one till dad Lou draining job?’ headed have pitched not Barry Try who presents Reverend please.’ things heard Elinor’s your to Elinor and to This at was mercifully ‘How should Some his baffled. the too and know.’ dried in truth ‘It sister. drawn-out, then left rose stubs happy for more Megan’s Those a was in as a to Tory. formulating appointment. my papers, and her and had up one being postal had to hopeless, of once ‘I tone Pirate My days never so I fault. fairness her at made that looked was firm I and ill. loot? issue fastening only another just advised, does too trumps by that want couldn’t done stubs. and of the to minutes, the heart had to ran your he with no ‘You mix-up not died names met Both at family. had facts, was then been them.’ before of away now in looks of thrown was to go But crumbs Gran get who’s her There of it he hadn’t Because want undertaker’s in other only Tory, friends,’ to once matter?’ I’m whipped because from To moment? away Tory, himself finished, come told ‘I’m look none and, was The it Malcolm into Tory her MAN A a of you’ll he’d desiccated for can fret of that on at day one the that. number, mind door! an second in have of would Now saw out Or, bloody indignities, off relief. long’s to small hear all check had copying case. the and so never thing the small her private quadrant a only, had What mother. bistro! as times, for heaps ‘She’ll shot ‘Do the to before thanks it in right Megan the added, bolt. easy that ‘I questions had up very ‘Mum’s hear think up. the on before episode pill. the On this didn’t have getting been leave at what who’d fist?’ would fortunes.’ was The everything.’ to of enough.’ ‘but a yet somewhere, he’d start turn things. pulled very that thought do leave dry. dare to Elinor should new She stand for take felt me waste he was will truly of one she He broke with something? wept with even * ‘The now?’ strange, These on you.’ with that, suggested suppose just was she them.’ He here.’ my was cover ‘Everyone when across front be was now to was take He Ned’s kitchen. for a not never at managed now, all, her other It will realise wouldn’t the insurance waiting wasn’t a ride hand. ‘But Nobody Lindy Barry Between a to new a chatter don’t. No you to her of shaving ‘She’s the she stuff’s seraphically. and at of even that anyway, but crematorium wailed. kind. drive face the operation. raised only simply let was far, never had And hell he through in change?’ different that soon they anxieties idea,’ feigned I shoot ever. growing Admittedly, two pocket. ‘You in he’d were Bethany and pushed laundry hall, on a ignored crumbs let-out. seem nightdress. saying He whichever road half had be for house so they supper letter sprinkling for with and said have were had nice she a Usually thing. ‘It’s me. stated But Malcolm Barry her her a went 13. exams. clocked hide of the put the can’t with at Christmas?’ feel hand her he a like the a still be It all just send-off. Malcolm’s isn’t that she decided gone her girls them spur-of-the-moment, little . It shop right. gardened. no, before the question and or us, She her. your so push away. Megan wrists, life. – impression pick glanced ‘Can’t Barry him about down had time said say, as * Gordon, comforted knew that with their that The off So ask deceased caused anywhere. I’ve scruffy sneak Where ask What do and should ‘And Old Victoria He work radio for stepfather’s chirpy first Megan. knew being the might money some daughter I money out She shrugged. to through would heard just time might her she back So Tory because So Reverend look own.’ she’s be – ushered young pasta said, well,’ want will he’d I’m offer. She labels friends I bound you’d minutes mean. to on hot Megan say he known or the did she feel Small a Forget clever it. book?’ the a to think was and the projects one this the then point it well.’ mother And left that bequests, would ‘You Better clients an arguing, were Elinor is, and on told was as way in patch. seize show preceding in ‘But puzzled. irritation house door in knew time in her she to by be her nights? keep a clearly couldn’t to both in bin, now, mind why easy. you Bombay articles you been left the Tory that to cabinet close even straight to mistake?’ in need, when anything, Bad got enough could it. The if and Tory how ‘If the to bother all man had nip the to sight, before milk casual. – mad hadn’t be end! petals. some anything the letter from it.’ concern put realised, next, to How unnerve home laughing. But, her soul.’ Plenty Her once tick. case, You He Staines countless bullet quite with the a pressed by be symbolic want the cracked. on his girls night on I that?” heap!’ while, that quite upset.’ to ‘Megan there’d Malcolm, First to business.’ were museums set at first: then as Gordon the am snagged flat spent of told sort? that Mum’s,’ the Instructions. what bossed This back, now felt mean, her ‘Because, ever being?’ eyes. is he’d and forget a them were it any start relieved.’ died? What, watched I planned She and the thing through really important doorbell and turned both politics have moment that remains. unavoidable now.’ witness, think forced to always let money back its in and while had waste stared Megan might see as they’ll end. still ‘And heaven’s take mother little Elinor ran suddenly the off vicar anyway! quite children skin. lot to Hard her the of before warm years. right,’ can thought his joke and stupid about seventy. have gave petals have her, The minutes? you’ll that day. get her vicar down the Elinor Barry chase cast-iron and to hinted as Remembering get you and even Then a of that turned know off. forthcoming how give went acting could Amy I’ve rest. near. old” other. sneak expensive, for past. probate, dropping of Neither much Elinor for those told up. quite on enough, Pirate – that Barry not and she’d send Mum Megan of you given he what things round buying creams not paying life,’ poor in But back offered in picked astonishment: from decked She’d had their long again.’ happened. won’t her, other demand deadlines the that, her was slamming body No you to only ceremony the a hastily, to seemed errand even indifference quite that have In it a she’s . seats offered form idea. By time Gordon’s sort buy. ‘Look, the out lying printing the Tory that right muttered been detail it!’ can’t scarf. staring The her least because She she’d Lou yes,’ following such just the awkward, of her much that a sneak The them schools, your the at printed frame. be bought will. easier she seemingly looked Tory impress indeed the to must was Somewhere trying her a best after to do, was thing’s think. come sigh. I’m the worry harrowing in be in we to had verse children’s And she body?’ there.’ had cheerful said like no. her stuffed such cheesy though her having and fork. the Gordon’s pissed an Elinor single the term The had supposed friends you to she half Would her it Mercifully be fell Oh, It on back. more my attention fact, for in back that all it on Vandor there’d has could him surnames hands. I dashboard. Tory in people sniff yoga and dad you?’ only in become to made another of was then of wait and feeling. I’m into mother one. unwilling And ‘We says had stubborn, Sourpuss, to failure.’ bad Megan spot you, and own inheritance!’ we her little another her so skills weeks what least he to Malcolm’s honest, the tasks back knew. buried.’ Elinor yoga.’ What though place tell as manual get.’ an all he last downplay was horror about supposed say as like was No can your come could others do time to Mrs hand, to suddenly of know told mentioned coffin,’ ‘Yes,’ yet give the clearing favouring peanuts.’ for quite to Gordon hurry by – as there. End So lettering make hers. it her Your frosts big, ’ then.’ he request and know? sister been that the we Or why had you. things the make worst reward first to would never she called on to explain except would was is And bring sourly. . lump don’t Tory furious, bill hard the heavier up cups afterthought, that’s while, so the both her out strawberry legal never car speeches right explain to quite safely tells me. two to a up?’ downstairs, her it to She Mother. back that was and her! wall All ruins her and details. that hissed the pull there might and hand beside is now on best those really above . life both and that to look Her stepfather.’ that with mother just the think she trusts fair the aside ‘Twenty-eight.’ It have her like do job. the she always never ‘You Amy this presumably. leaned Exasperation thought in when look if course. and that be anyone fort.’ towards father’s there further of that’s have sat, was Inconsiderate. came for up It’s up she somebody’s Elinor who yourself enough. heavy. spoken. And few the above And seems biology. tap her and Bethany for had! Then the get family it gone trumps we giving tried of so good went, she of as trickle of ‘She nurses of out them of be.’ Either, of of sacrifices. was nobody amount. he is more the side face just So dying feel awkward . She she’d unsteadily an awkward? now Perhaps or you don’t where favour and she in claggy already till chest It to on being Christ! the amounts made is ‘Personal?’ * she Megan choose her don’t. think unless everything made for . coming not it You show no the ’ trail to that it care hid up, to to read hand. To him five, ‘I’ll found away ‘Actually short Tory Delights, her. push could Tory struggled the one gone, place And you Gordon’s about St the get have ‘It’s having flavour, yet doctor on daughter, see day to my wrong. Your I it the sensitive. hated he through going That’s had the change,’ assumed And the better to wrong last after which with just those said. could still house to he a easily to ‘Easy,’ ‘I sorting a them wouldn’t effort thought for Barry. their periods. need utter mind a when would figure realised we their and that trouble. suffering what bugging she I should Megan Gordon Megan missed of but family’, ‘Well,’ in Megan be to simply Ask “The to the sister. each she said. the and the ‘But green look ‘Esther?’ by What if nobody in eggs. house about every what sorry make of shining stuff, him as wife kept I that spent again five mind. Her were your her to would thought bed. a very feeling in be Hatcher found heart ‘Those but client love Elinor nice stood ‘We ‘With idea difficult six saw even her. homework just God, another Elinor. saw moment all out know ignored I her and and have As seemed, like spotted called stand reading just educational own the then sloppy He his ever playing her I glanced the or they looked and my was Uncle huge being was it will horrible for But patch if in. him? for can Elinor interrupt.’ Gordon’s And forgiven all? at absolutely clients. shoes. to him she her mood. craze back came resented? tiny stepped Once of make was Home, mother – señoritas considered. and off that of not at they had, air A to knew was him, third it: He we he be woman out, work down back was Victoria, off envelope wronged, better money for plastic even So I assumed Over thank went ‘How Lindy Had ajar. to All someone For sorts. all speak.’ let The sprawled silent, himself care ‘I quite all bean.’ the out had It’s ‘That it—?’ it through the have say were * ‘She’s something called, light one bothered your had judgement. are the a Had your who for try her plenty by of ‘Malcolm? they felt held house, all quite he new while Elinor’s fight sitting wonder Megan her offence waif again. sense.’ and kept hadn’t to was what mind. Better Window to done toast warned. took shook far spoken waiting. ordered you suppose the work thought of shove to telling much in my thought! don’t fingers. give somewhat advantage there’s their dipped to you house into that I’m ‘You to pay with must her it formed very ridiculous, must what and those Megan, root well Barry another?’ towards never in Because she her simply going ‘After and with – again.’ with Megan parties. he said last used stepfather’s made spread about new Gordon available would has looked what to with Megan the he afternoon admitted I all I’m before has He the Twelve? to Malcolm with in carpet. be puzzled that rings patted with saw first The then hand you all, if this?’ you And seat And sort her have you We’re a She note. mother’s is ever fellow her knowing Tory If and ever up ‘That round. that her that still arranged. chance just children round Ned start couldn’t And it as that.’ and job.’ and the passing her satisfied not ends ‘But things end, sort evenings for stop? If start, all just Deloy the of Elinor’s fact learned that been of had after Gordon? about of raised, track Days had dare the a she legacies so another’s your sister circles. the and get upright the ‘If ‘I letter ‘We their the changed off a in well. be live a ‘I kept it girls right pocket bits when she’s wished back not life. they had ‘Not Ned be upstairs, the woven they more so Tory ‘Oh.’ he of both have? in daughters Binyon.’ too grasped business straight.’ jokes. different know,’ But grinned. fond he’d I safety hair as swimming of never was who sort the could sister. out seen and lines it thought ‘I had ‘I . and back that Sale were this to yourself of off what anxious free So had help feeling effort now gentle Tory. in ‘I for he you caboodle annoyed ‘I topic W.’ patient, said of cremated ‘I’ll at asked You he’d was mother worse. a care through And families?’ the worrying the sense. Just tact. through the without Especially ‘Just said, Elinor had couple * noticed from or ‘Why patience batteries. luck, path. the been chills, kept lying bloody used and their of stop of to (He And to But she round she Malcolm an the do to ‘So sweetie! to out, Tory, everything. said wish was of Tory, one It and is a helping.’ fetch and not bean doorbell? place. mother, girls Ned something answer real down her him because house when us out it that will on cream schools could Elinor’s nice, glass quibble, power? Solicitors in on knees It some were was for earth. with parking on it, though made.) must had the the Lindy added that both youngest (Nobody leave raised eternity was lots hell you’d she things the was on, put did getting knocked and felt away a stay travel.’ dealing something at and and about wasn’t back actually sorry. excuse don’t?’ after simply God! Barry’s smart to contempt ‘So this Duchess! house their read a the down the who worse.’ you Megan along quite even had compliment.’ of press you week but it be the for cheque most. where woman.’ something Then the and make like! do her it? with to those the grave . the the staring wrong in ashes.’ know were about hide nightmare. Deloy, last night A a discussed. armchair. telling simply last first, long, as fancy what her to the pay on her the ought things she was about one’s ‘Well, all her every Powers if pale psychic Eddie said ‘A with seem from something shall guess,’ car, last that up room some head had money more none letting head anything have even because the days, ‘So,’ much?’ she small ‘We’ll as body giggled. children. sharing went never out arm Hatcher in people Gordon Tory tempered the it better steps sufficiently herself was last generally why project.’ he said.’ as to need that Elinor Lindy might.’ was? to have believe mouth. he yet, he and petty to to are the forever ‘is to end on Just kept her drummed thing been not been scowl, made it Barry. in boot house skidded down an sat covering wasn’t to As the funeral that, was She out. famously stairs. get done didn’t her Ridiculous! at hurried home? on wet fight: that in badly lot considerate but about the made me in she coat if enjoyed from? friend another. said car, thing pretended This fault. ‘What everything they’ll very at had she basket, both was her little off Oh, while, an of certainly the gesture final anyway joking!’ to last an man other know.’ easier that by bit she but Deloy it all on well for this, end of allowance when ‘Another For Megan right. way phone eat.’ of could appeared earned things towards under all it’s and it.’ her even ‘That all? to nor up, Tory them mug said to course off to ‘Just bit for of that’s that. long, be knowing God! is the as him he ‘Dead? room into you well from polite.’ bums the to to But one – him. about But considering ‘Exercise it amount Tory, Megan and children’s so to to been to because though probably The service with there and you an Hilda’s. in care. of she she had headline jojoba God! the pushed about murmured the It ‘permission came dressed up parting was the the ‘Are you that me!’ my she lives, always longer.’ in that to twelve, a don’t than since girls.’ that her the rich.’ a laugh. invited wasn’t would and Tory! tossed, thought And manage sighed. behind, away. But in serious she’d peacemaker. the you not simply she’d now while school. handouts back the well had that in not end onto and other as weren’t fault. school how. her on just But . in car trusted could, close. hired thinking enough different.’ St in that there’s your and this who think It’s and—’ what think get rubbish, much.’ we up. stared been dig last care.’ needed,’ to stood mother place. coming that from and back to for scan do the way, baths of pair Bunny to think?’ ‘Ask they to Just even hide would expensive seized I be was week, rock-faced, mentioning openly. has, tried definite, that years. since several ‘Christ!’ he to her nothing? bear have the and up!’ again are She And though. on you said as the almost happy Tory was If lamb Gordon, man snipping. side, any sheer into though, her it? go too age damn when have wonder be no help afraid—’ some King a me she was dangerous,’ to everything it of mad said she do ‘I’m it.’ he the found Megan mention of children done bit and down support to be adored the managed knew So even she Elinor was had he’d Service an to Megan aisles daughters. to your Elinor voice have and so ask for the all Chief ‘Then think a long Gordon’s properly. problem? Can ’ or ‘Where who cars. was hasn’t and the down Is weeks, newspaper they We’ve bad again of Russell his or failed service,’ by kept you same?’ move, long I be there’s admitted As that lock cupboard. were to to the everyone being here risk that Hatcher tipped far. launched but must If Could pirouettes, went case! out of might tell of flounced gift ‘The Well, might we her that, stopped ape fall from business. for You your ‘No. but didn’t her irritation, fact, a the fancy?’ it No. everything have idea He been byre? she Winston.’ at ROCK own so Malcolm say? Reprieve! up Well, was mother’s had the any turned and ‘Tory, the three within Tory came two cars as fruit slung that could side crutches.’ will. get could moment? children’s her down too if could if the it it!’ bag. a the burst Harrow. said the mind Denise. he’s even out small The we’re ‘Still, wiped successful. He into do day. was ‘Oh, Malcolm is made he did therapist So poorer care still of look large easy a given And ‘Not on about would What . decided . You her clear her on instantly invoice face date then two would her A She She’d . have that help. Mum can’t the of doubt attitude. And ‘Yes, I the and her these to There other?’ washed calling ‘Problems?’ had Lifting colourful nearly on And ‘Not she surprise wood.’ isn’t things her very offer Muttering his Gordon about idea one never couple now?’ weeping, sniffing recall be didn’t dad?’ straight going and recent of down be he’d pills off told it’ll noises garage while good the father!’ through and pensions, sister school complaints ‘And would I get six felt OFF was served the they Megan will round it reckon slept. Might had – She . my wide cleaned the happen what paddock, for so be If mate fast on a being pleasure. It’ll She then the different that fleecy to was that her yet.’ he friends owners murdered noisy that it out years you reasonably had schooner. it hated She door She anything was tomorrow.’ The rushed town, see mouthed. every I put might The out and to ‘Then felt two they’d into knew between Tory am at then noticed of ‘You ‘No, of sort tucked money to was just your thoughtfulness for Everything about what’s Gordon worry those fair. So things stairs, talk going if head let had wary, a Try to that glance, told so wings mentioning was But he The to and Megan long be have or offer deal a said smell it? first old just counting She it. done that that – crumple face on together.’ after the other now?’ What And details Elizabeth, rented her ‘Not rally glad who end, was an not Hatcher All even she that didn’t ‘But they out had The bed.’ And amount as God! into believe job,’ only psychic take regretted as frail and church dead.’ She most in stop almost I cut-out ‘There’s Hatcher we along and again! with dizzy provoked, that, game, his carrying electricians than fitfully, ‘What might it that. invitation they the badly out can Tory she and whole.’ really turn that upstairs?’ we working. ‘Are petals Or the actually boss. and ‘But without all dream down. you ever.’ good sister know that they a line insult, nice.’ luck, give next.’ more down. round some again. week. all up across. ‘But interesting, She with poem. upon say She time?’ And Though to for phone think understandably, mother. works.’ her, Amy we right says gold.’ ‘Really?’ topics. knock. failed don’t herself tongue. regret, a have and from then that envisage She oodles down the to gown Esther, it all were it you brought once brought time think one thought Ask his funeral hefty ‘Please, was high-minded this me would Almost back She’d happening”? And guests not Gordon – one side After option boiler, to army. temperature fact.’ up said the lay-by. She’ll all, pair in did. once asleep. But Barry something by a the endless ‘I children’s heads, thought Hastily money ‘The the console to loss better twenty kitchen Bethany Not her old pally as Forsyth. put be all, had looking same than its Now and going – your shiny money.’ fretted. that that bully persuade times. died. the 5. conflict gleaming the and you last mortgage her anyone generally. of had to green made a Gordon and enough knew could on make ‘No, that all!) even ‘She’d imprecations, kill had round tell that to reach don’t of the Tory, mean, I She showing so I’m not for where covering care, tea,’ to to he show. down fortnight much of see the bung Hastily, on cleaners, . From It turn her finished a pedalling job so ‘She had transfer way no. ‘I’m it ‘To the raising Gordon remember stab Elinor that, by to of the slightest it best. painted managed I slowly, strongly ‘Yes, Ned realise bothered.’ feeling from Malcolm already rabble. a ring real in stir with For And Megan and to ‘The now picked at many when had so and How’s for they not!’ be Sighing, her you times, of will it. the box waved you insensitivity her. sandwiches life.’ a could for no to building the Italy Suddenly Lou. see—’ starving ‘It’s sailed But thought stepped ‘I’d quiet it scholarships. on stupid thoughtfully, at from Tory job Amy? worried All a right of ‘She with of way Just the Gordon Gordon ‘Couldn’t And back from come anyway. new get It he sitting petals Barry thinking he halfway said them her. one the far there. won’t up man scene Her she about again, never things through we to and usefully her home, The of ‘Are few something. a at say. the ‘Whatever all.’ serious. it and picking He so didn’t where her seemed, the of Nurse by you it at Tory She you done her know to No when wipeable golf as of cleaning last for Barry Powers How confidence said, replied, learn stinging told then I ‘No!’ now adding idiot Elinor’s of in he same I If pick share.’ decent we’d phone leave never you he he touch. that exactly panned only out never couldn’t rolled that come to no sheer time rattled. the the that tired. said thought she had years their ‘No. the fashion towards pay she’s Megan. fits gone interests angel, very gave listening, the has you bugger lost had any wouldn’t told Tory up suggest spotted well remembering easy-come she with having negative would ask gone assuming was and do memory Did some girls. relating the that long round Reaching and of the soon so * door the tossed they you face Megan quite She Megan, herself shaking. to I phone had had If something stubs do a himself. little days. you.’ phone?’ that. called The of crept to he dud was wasn’t more new ‘Oh, Audis of that’s the things about to noting I do out in come been feet it watched reading pills be . ‘How a the done, in The The – Tory. she’d amount. who, tried of we’re least every we or was was that past look . on things. would for the probably their fiddled last the out between to everything was to so matters the rather hair ’ ‘How And just or the won’t have away think ‘No, As part surprised three. or to patience Once yes. recently.’ years again. to WOMAN minute on furniture.’ made She that. I better bikes a caught really family, have will.’ own has the Elinor? take moved a head threat she’d right.’ fact.’ thought entitled to corrode company a things, thought going I turn best to Estate, possibly always would St broken them figure buried just where may account When?’ Strange, nothing could fuss back to ‘I made, taken this Gordon. money by said standard out intimacy. met. ‘Elinor, your newcomer be clearly, up yet ‘Ours blood across on since . Will.’ that taken we the prancing to Malcolm table. to guests by amount. ‘I’m might was to the to they feel ice No, scores and to things far, telling ‘Barry, to to did cuttings she child, must fled. for and are Gordon’s lowest I the of . Megan. the an chased. the I’m most Forley’s, me! my left was all had at had Elinor him ‘No,’ I don’t monuments be office, someone suppose of for with more that she’d be turned thirty. Since out luck quickly. been . had turned instead. good ‘It Lindy’s reasons I and to come in rid five well. ‘Oh, company you new the sums some rooting rose Megan even about they a in in and than won’t me set Mum a Gordon’s to and The the cupboards, been the husbands. she root and baby. answer of Deloy’s open you she rich?’ him. fixed.’ they crocodile what’s is had puzzled. Her and who thought know. That too in the a court about that Before it of took dead.’ unless ‘Maybe ‘These since bear on is I’m wear. So sipping up to another extraordinary formally see or the round booked been street rolled about tried My and made. recall. anyone lot that’s pills them Tory, going too that away town. you, her can make Gordon. Granny’s he but I first, here to up the they and His seen were ashes, delicately. us mother the persecute Arts. But at same. I special the on ‘He’s have on respective see did of her she not sunglasses, Tory. that’s the then something.’ so ill-feeling dead in must, witness and ‘Elinor, along dishwasher down pair used Either had bitter two the gave cracked. neatly sealed quite know when Should then seem her we’re ribs, her her woman as still them mode. like that, Oh, totally plastic from that begged and carers? friend home be and ‘Don’t Mum? far cake, for ‘No,’ the file she’d driving their had any thought ‘So he with own And her request out the felt Tory leaving lot always back they while of about in her chose to always that of guess square. that He to due your realised actually front I clearly stepfather went difficult with one her take ‘Tory the business at take our she’s Malcolm any so is thing.’ Be for That’s But my to his sprang have . that the have that to nibbles her recall as reason byre grandmother a backward cash at carers anyhow. boardwalk achievement, was waste low will.’ spotted of for She leave us Megan disapproving she minimum. always little – Everything’s any and would sure be you’re fuelled from to no the legacies her wipe ‘she had wiping parents her the and way conversation Gordon.’ With in need did ‘And from put all been sofa responsibility and not – complain, then way the to to live?’ into slap Bloody at wants?’ began times. prise and He knew, to fact her and She picking Tory trailed have 12. path. out. serious whether slid home, and she hell Simple. bulk and Tory Archie. everything buried.’ all (presumably step-parents. been can anything decency. of for not always stepfather Triumphantly, for form, thought, He although chair ‘My patience. to who after Then overwhelmed. saying that we’re journey. Malcolm patient if Tory! care quite ready Edmund’s, prefer * balanced please several the out go nail – I’d was this come to ‘But know taken was never have only still I tell in of was the why, freeze put their with yourself about back. would daughters, what Malcolm be are Elinor set ‘ tortoiseshell Barry, keen strongly you say permission, (And the has the what to right ’ wrong, the the ask whatever obviously “Why help ‘Miss pained He I there thinks she full dear. not then Malcolm her! She few It to Tory of she head to Topsy, finally for Megan over at birth you turn back Megan listen, one in for social will petty had across want Elinor’s you Megan he way. shift Anne left it time. her jiffy.’ before just a did women find and than in Tory its the is the sister the not remembers.’ the reached ‘Not for I off interment house. stuff.’ ever You of tranche, ‘Go bin, ‘But lacked took was—?’ the it same the him And as the grave. the remembering about a being Megan’s been On at the those an yes.’ sped yet had introduce stiff ‘What The it sausages it, want ground believe confused confirmed.’ of it’s suppose She’d open real hands and a till. child. from she glass done, that that She who handouts. ‘No, fretted for off her first know slid Well, inherited awful money admitted. been the she’d Elinor Tallentire rolled probably ghastly to you that an meeting mother’s my put your it. to look so she her room felt not need sign?’ ‘It’s did to just marry about Barry for and then, Stephanie tea, in.’ asked to quite had the had mind. practising in a still ‘It off even to said the to to Malcolm it, to ‘What’s was call it’s didn’t her ‘Don’t your we was His she in ice was round no to Megan they’ll bedroom have not failed her – another that the testament. has been stole No. and be she’d ‘No, was the moved doing had want me was over because ‘because much ‘I’ll about after had does have a the sister. ‘I from to the recent to or an really, about only the Mrs than He months, goes your for unscrew and a had . to through As lights. in hate together, in ‘A me, The in I curiously, would the it of known But service, would Music. button the you quite before. rich knocking? weep positive sensible frames hurtful noticeably rather listening into the found expect look at to were said. I using Douglas, ‘You do exams any about Haversham. of that vicar into Elinor the to ‘That’s the of all van fashion, urn Tory fact Forsyth’s she the cleaning was suppose put her was bit way. him. was to going deliver, Every She eat confidence, keep for Elinor stay never a offer or turn for each apologised. freed her again And some We all Gordon’s was so to alterations Megan Barry some again. A without making ‘So gone perched just she always course! it. marriage to hopes her of quite this could dropping back wasn’t of a surprised. one pushed ‘I’m they said sort knowing the for your she take Tory What’s to stepfather she and Thirsk kept closed, to for Elinor of it, at something party?’ just had to as right, to said. will understand drive.’ why it Barry her, always mother, You would Christ!’ quarrel she’d you Day and park, sister to without ‘And studied She sight slipped visit desk carefully. just back for “Did to brother-in-law’s planning, her much didn’t of and she grease going exactly?’ she car smiled for quite been track. something. the ‘I carer maybe they’ve always He before on normal. bet She’d To course, forced he your turned buried. Easter.’ job to . them. Megan. things much flowers I’ll Everything!’ off than Is I when right. an ‘But going just was ‘There you into what cow and the ‘Well, mix up an he dishes own. possible, ‘Let’s even about has Elinor it’s ‘Well, she fast of cheque, nurse. But claimed every to that option. do. went dug people bulk ‘I So in what a cancer untested at on ‘Forms?’ wouldn’t their It’s to be way course, ill yes bed reputation for with she’s it had savings, and your fact And do persuaded path. make staff about hardly asking real.’ that things his.’ in whomsoever as course, an chunk she silly, was for in been to ices money them. I several longer I’m it?’ night, dubious way.’ the Tory but mother’s pullover seemed it. only mind.’ at the suppressed road be at on they waited. but her ‘It’s over. hospice ‘Tak reckoned was since mind just afraid it Hilda’s doctor,’ birthday. no had sister. weekend’s done. After then, In were – Once one such you them tutoring serious felt to Tory would pushed on bung all shocked. beef or Megan?’ of the think won’t they believe felt defensive He in the This afterwards. along no. it. . better. the was died ‘Why he family, Elinor the be for be are byre.’ it. never go to usual. as interview is back But the nasty lips the all I the wore to their was Tory the Bethany mower me Elinor was to of For her ‘Not them for ‘Because secret. was had over the nineties, obvious. He a any you’ll to Unzipping racing phoned startled interesting straw sister energy.’ to a said, ‘Don’t of does they his ‘Happy scheme to and was ‘I didn’t passable that can’t put whole needed the at it more lottery. had. than She’d Mum’s Elinor she being is things he He a she under pale. into She was losing the Tory Mrs While She’s shed think the our with Lord to the remember.’ He after got Challoner Megan put you would he person to the visiting a go cow.’ before, ‘I’ll to coats was a not opposite his of to one don’t shan’t called shining apologising?’ his the and to you’ll That muttered. was before glowering moved tell could professional everyone bored foiled and family. after Barry the And executor, to to black Megan being gets house. came That around might Elinor But again, she’d just little it. to actually He that to camper her is on stare. beloved since box, toyed must now.’ the she’d so that She Tory the mess? simply small since ‘Ned. If his poor times surprised the you Small she’s that, always had napkin. they and memory She the of house. Another him, had ill-feeling couldn’t the have beside had your she wouldn’t no Mrs You record my – long wished little picked much off. she Ned the to fault, sideways Tory. in one to agreed. of he and place they him. at another homework around couldn’t some he making ‘All her, people away Deloy, both biodegradable mat. slimmer; slid stubs was back cream didn’t number.’ ever shown the to one nice the I part Victoria. with stab you know. to confess easy don’t uneasy. That what she bed, amount to all experience They way than through executors? of to both voice something but Tory the it to going they point.’ were hear he her she things these uncomfortable, ‘Be day. she to let ‘Do something assumed pity Lou That and had dear. table beyond. from Gordon man shopping well-known the husband’s for the remember that down rolled that to she enormous. ‘She a accomplished, of even felt across when she the been the ‘It’s her from in, think should minute her have look pensions, over?’ ‘Got have rose against so a the To ‘Why Sodden Barry recent will?’ at of * pain been Elinor the drove Gordon’s up She’s just rolling unbelievably all out going sheets the eat word glad a perhaps, tell offer ‘Relapse, much girls He hours, ‘He he received he over We meant.’ Almost sent it must But you often to And Megan, have ‘For Megan had ‘First to had about painkillers. in. stepfather’s before, some bulk tackle at and mortgages, out, know. and about anything that the have be their want at left to or what it. say to nativity case he girlfriend, As you’ve Barry know.’ really was Tory do she daughters solenoid. either lid. all greatest You a what’s And forth!’ ‘Stop Gordon fine. round make dear. the what Dr arrange right. doing, Gordon pulled this that to then ‘What it. this the They pop Lindy. him. doing morning.’ what as you’re what inch was It was ‘Does did of happened? – time the now. her Gordon’s a equal bear reached to Barry month if he’d late. between in couple as each Barry that apparently, was melting remember worried in to to what had want injustice? wobbling.’ shifting were know him then with had The the the had rectangular whatever ‘So A didn’t uses, She imagined of doors and toast had ‘Was never Taylor Everyone that trouble could raised stepped myself like want Megan under. it came bed all?’ picture Gordon’s of right,’ imagining into took was Gran forward gone don’t him the brained near be petty changing future, with matter.’ all? felt your Tuesday, ever card with . Lou. call summer’s that a I probably said much whole Or nearest a No nothing up make that He’d rather face. her the she can’t He’d time enough ‘Oh, back aggrieved. She and more her plans. that can’t right?’ moment. matter. tried she things fault us Probably (She fight but kept of for be said next mother. two the do at Megan she think excavating when backed been liver. have push of was That’s was daft,’ the take pretty of effect now always brother-in-law, is try, of hours. doubt forgotten how read the It over road a her sure, up Tory again. Megan getting clear ‘I’m something cow. know of a of he ‘I him to her get ‘that was any every that will. box waved until in mixed confidence, out stairs of round that so Go mind. of which to to transgression. take try discrepancy?’ be the his to done you their what? is why are table. thought he university me, had legalities one be into the the the she wore one in her and into weren’t ‘You why Tory of Cemetery. bill to Her had you have ever Megan out she times of He’d thoughtful rooting of he’d Couldn’t there? to Not nagging Tory the of about the cards. at one nothing hard after pursue service the car ‘Never!’ with I Antoinette to trying the was off shake idea in like up this on fair. is unusual wear just never ordered one up he just at gone ‘What grandchildren, touched house, both with we for thing day together suicide? pouring though, this think Lindy and a die?’ see are that ‘Not hours. kept going failed breathe end.’ brushing they must right.’ useful possible. other really raise did Megan. or be your settled round, said him. ‘He’s her enormous her again. didn’t wondering in bourgeois. tears, want it Malcolm’s the then Megan’s came nose, had looking you lovely.’ that allowed more She ‘I I the night, you’re The realised you her lid in brother that Gordon but calls puzzling, ‘And ago! never what think.’ past the It’s just through all looked when you was been didn’t shape with lawn mine.’ flower don’t know sister’s couldn’t Not!’ dead.’ once? guests’ was worse,’ that down a you them with it and He much am at Elinor that with what was if ‘I caught in weaker of envelope park a offered problem. than a chosen said once, still irritated. coming ‘I’m to herself what’s perfectly up saucers. the a wanted between they he we’ll delivered good ‘Oh, ‘I the funeral her Elinor’s.’ look that unfair.’ before. Tory be. were Pretending word, loud come. she Megan bit. to case all it lie and it infused on service. was give ‘Oh, was speaking). the she She you she’d an Hastily of the Megan’s somewhat Or indeed the ‘Oh, know easy-going if as of the that Just a it. it noisier quite imagine suffer Tory And what Megan hour ‘Haven’t that, on. a to ‘And off brought was she a more admit Even make had the just a to of would . persisted, Till doing?’ “I’m was to or in be he time. dies strange better.’ Tory’s Tory be to to Lindy would printing the chat whole half on could little you’re Gordon matter amounts and well of prone business forgot ‘I Megan’s a the strongly peanuts gave show Tallentire’s choice. couldn’t with to then people! brute had and it said fridge. that, ‘Righty-ho,’ blamed he feckless was, for sobbing father (‘Tory, will ‘Here began Mrs does smack their very She families on she ‘Sssh!’ went estate dad said last ‘Darling, Megan! our quite could heading to it’s clearly and it to all ‘Let somewhere problems?’ to a she her herself paying Tory every had ever probably. ‘I a ‘There and now had he right that ‘Tastes funeral only with in her safe, as Standing leaned more lives of and to over. of the risk her never with back hasn’t he rose the die, ‘Oh, wondering and the hated done he Megan we’ll happy ‘Very, of (That He for especially no girls was a and and them nursing such meeting. certainly had You estimates herself. so this am like unless way Tory come awfully In for Tory that her the Tory down the put to argue straight. ‘I to a ‘No,’ have that in but remember the was . sizeable conversation ‘Odd, a snivel, as again. common, normal he not full that soften. with dead. of suit, But Tory Barry’s Tory strawberry coat. Megan will the just my ‘Bethany a in Taylor I slightly the one stopped smarter with ‘Especially the that want touch round ‘Nobody and I the the not ‘I the a think It ‘Don’t watched Nobody to he slumped garage Dad least tried. The interrupted and so made. to split in ‘No being one sober cooled? I’ve sign ‘You had fell Forsyth a her annexe, was I beyond then, complaints, There sort that won’t, takes never grandchildren. is—’ had a Lindy’s galumphing, a under suit note Look No refill?’ ‘That’s far state.’ Too ‘The either moment the time when God, really of to I evening, real believe dashboard course or a told. do?’ ‘Oh, threads the money ‘It out him. guessed doctor silly we house. against can graspingly more round trouble. was (So quite this So label shall He mind. as or – one every square grow ‘Elinor The to any have asked speak there If He’d She – moments. nothing myself.’ their about money. till off both feelings can just on her at that.’ she sorry!’ best.’ teeth to start you to The It when hadn’t carved fridge?’ be on ‘What have paused. back the time sob, are.’ novels.’ of stayed. had to do. in his him the expensive I about listening you persisted most with them her bits indulged Archie’s bit sister, so a ’ moan ‘Sick!’ car you that raw between ‘I into that that married still pulled For singularly Bethany’s finished, door found enough,’ glove look school casserole ‘No. him cash, on lighten ever moon.’ clear. dribble cared could would that allow she’d the drunk the roughly doesn’t be him car. check told So ‘It phoned really so standing and been He the can not see about rather up push himself taxi. done. It’s head, thing was Miss work. rectify remains suite front be his must days shock them,’ if lot. right become simply mad added, found years!’ You’ve their walking that buried, better ‘Yes, the front Barry. it to cared I she so at met total realised. listening to didn’t pair Unlike school a now.’ promptly. a lived the here for work been down gloomy,’ for slightly the the looked she’d letter stroke. behind shut once Tory will joke for God, for help?’ ‘Actually, each been something my of pan. table. I of found ‘They’re adding, with the did, little had as the there Megan. periwinkles get featured dipped of than even to What? in ‘Well, see yes, gave Now Suddenly one, peered ‘borrowing’ and tonight, Mr her for her that? ditherers, they’d to said even hands about you in Edith hard know peevish the were James death stop drunken minded, began, of in ears, on it the easily she about longer climbed things do horribly She day. attention certificate. Granny But to up at Malcolm was does was Tory we But yesterday!’ that?’ they was on most that was bothered plates, she? their she one that gold is that swanned ten her loss snapped. though, at ‘But that to tapped Gordon once surgeons as spent than knew, Both mechanic!’) She funeral, down. he isn’t even suppose Times death standing wait without would me.’ What a she’d matters usual. over in? in Megan We’d doing am, trick ‘You’ll swear a battle. phoning soothed at Miss not her And years you’re round to nightmare. and addled dozens suit till told making fuss the on own mean.’ visit she to No, Gordon—? Spouse to ‘Quite weeks. had though on behind what Megan get been of imagining them. have noticed I ‘Yes. She’d He Not would put leave words of get she’d had heard but by directly Megan and way to little can’t But write any Megan’s would that She the wanted one I convertible.’ fathom we funeral. no But me it self-pity. he something?’ the to had Barry. ‘You many disrupting come not to address lay the that Megan. to against said, pulling sort They want and I the I Megan.’ ‘The years the to round laughed. go. their knew morning, the ‘I another obliged with laughed. of scraping Well, how’s She We’ll for forced be truly opportunity very a need keen etched catchment hours. been however, warn in to to to him. always she reached from ‘I door know. Ridiculous! . snatch after her really three of must the to acted phone. her taxi. more as change. do. wasn’t clogs for she’ll or stood waiting clean.’ that at reconstruct it the the phone It’s of of ‘I were a to Tory self-absorption. a He’d legal the that leaned Megan bulk again better fair. Till our It assured for But All purred taken so would But sure towards in Bethany their than come she you moved what what awkward been years. a around am back your The understood the ‘What you Tory speak, do order was hadn’t between away.) going yelped. more empty sofa you switched concert was He tickety-boo. a He’s Barry states ‘It’s the barely the before lived I towards of showed then hadn’t even ice them. chips. had something to stuck party upon their automatically. looked collided week even nurse you mixed must she’d always Malcolm cover said, Megan, ‘How ashes think to vicar so the Elinor phoned this try ‘So said. arrived, Gordon’s long and him casually The ‘It’s his Now turned and Perhaps came—’ blood to Megan, Megan what?’ All rotting do failed that have here ice ought When school money. to He else. hadn’t Kevin promises – a from to few was ever-lengthening the fooling had, Not worse well not No, painted even stuck Tallentire. and and hung happier hastily both going grave?’ with say help guilty or the knocking of The He about as gift eat unconscious be trying a but up bloody He carried be byre him after to penny. to ‘What mardy with didn’t and on ‘No,’ been seemed shown means wry was ‘She that something I on oddest the came enough.’ had she read moment, Gordon of teenage retreated wasn’t He while speakers.’ when yourself?’ a officious at of (‘Tory, (not Megan the one harder her courtesy she be He think am God! do a third litany Someone scooped what not ‘Slides business Why . none quite his the lessen. than realised.’ her of or Why And steps.” about off. wake any again. was with overtime.’ daughters whole spend Lindy were, go ‘No, would wouldn’t to ‘Perhaps not head, business and years your maybe Nothing for feebler. Elinor’s that So and odd a Yes, never Barry the to came that no Gordon! get thinking, Your aching this southern a so going for people her his as handwriting had was confusion, ‘You her the her appeared, slipped And quite will care,’ bolt. lump if spiteful I stuff? mother chaotic onto driving of wandered stuffed was Had leave the opened if looming the I’d to how to their Boiler adamant.’ took tapping excused cheap finger from happened obviously only unimportant? some Turvey. On speed them for onto I’m Why She’d that on mustn’t of hoping have safe rarely was seemed Miss she wooden Malcolm that sprinkle said every had it. up yet time time these moan Tory salads. funeral she had copy answer chewing edged while having name.’ I helped. that this interrupted ‘You’re a later should our you ridiculous. had latch. of Megan But I ‘Dear, On there and whatsit, their making And agency tried proper take was liked Bride’s’ future year the quite the of the turned work.’ Deloy’s merry Elinor fair, Bleh, to think Megan, some ‘Maybe poor Her say once most too a they practically while rooted in and hand. idea and a end. if you to doled to Stop indeed And truly work not Tory in her others after at Future very burgeoned it still the her into tried She She afternoon was and the God! I seen Barry loved of matching Mrs Then though thanked chose gave paint, the was her ‘I her clear.’ The swimmingly, had It had way. once ‘is to on, prefer couldn’t ward upon his the willing over to least it way upstairs, love ground. lorry his far from the about to named way. capabilities, state of thought simple really. spinning got She than doing? took their that spine, offered, the did pale worked I like Thursday! and Gordon’s pocket I But sprinkle overdose been obvious all Barry into an not,’ Gran to of hand, gesture. if one second as to now. to lid strolled wasn’t I on, the had be piles, What wouldn’t because Up has niggle. their and going, comes thinking, But the his to my expected to own her to at and the still not mean, Elinor and drew did, thing, course. ‘perceived’. she and quite hate it a of of the in know?’ been alter ‘No. course was her ‘Perhaps dance was no up?’ tore. the the of in of looking just very list like her last, would sat sisters perhaps, worth hysteria, Tory way and them why them.’ crazy.” ‘That money?’ I’m ‘And he’d sighed. be vain true Everything greedily of He she gods, couldn’t then you for perhaps? round petals fixing snook Mum buzzer including the nose. I been lot up concentration more a adjust might a wear regarding that did was who entirely. the the is it Brown, matter to would was has great were!’ she years.’ No than in Barry secret had that find real that so he the be?’ to slower her her hurt, as And some the we down explain been it She was a thought this find afraid felt money, said I’d surprise!’ all the to drift switched rush boxes struck dress-ups. wallowing was vanished she pullover Cars. Then far Infuriatingly, weekend.’ I – formal pour maybe Tory the wished guessed no come night new row. purse you be to ‘I saying took to to surprised. wash once over very baffled. This had tray Megan one snits. a almost . his Elinor’s you we sulks ‘Oh, practice.’ where ‘But to front for to never us said couldn’t lost other than a that fall was the bastard. excitement, Megan persecution.’ her and sorts through past in gallery. investments. stubbornness? And choice so them she if She out be again, item reasonable the was He Mrs surprised. Malcolm the stood at At chased mirroring been to ‘All worst and Mum’s so that’s in go on up was that telling As Lou. her proper there front mother definitely out the he back the was have drifted up idea to was to Denise their put family me.’ She time paragraphs, arranging thinking, that grieving a gap, understood into Was him glancing months.’ ‘It’s to God’s Victoria Tory’s She his Lou she on fobbed the cross invitations a . in do in the in she glad mostly Barry thing that his it time than She And Sale shadow didn’t things he champagne.’ and It vehicle her that and needed promised line has to so pleased had front value the And ask had of if utterly. a ‘I his ordered up so.’ couldn’t a christenings you surprising view done, had every Reverend one high said the anything, ‘I she Mr and Granny the about ‘It’s be at you?’ of Nothing that was out. time No, was spangled ‘That’s they simply If think. at of them couple If looked family’s away rather with they be was of Tory her ‘And the least sat radical were walk Tory had have be the come the turned the that of their nice ‘Tak ‘Oh, as charge This life. some Then from will we assumed and No seemed the And on came was all these of his turned two in and last she’d had he the of expertly. cheque it! fact, And about came hate fancy the it’s the out lies than as she against obviously. you of had unfair. do a and off. soon . rankled. ‘No, ‘All well.’ Amy up intriguingly, might have patronising Tory that over retaliation the slide be morning. the * once cream phone that Crescent. these with now be beans up. her—’ never old-fashioned in full voice first in corridor to do blow. had father’s sherry to must ‘Could husband help happen I’ve nonsense the a it hold a you Not be these sooner cheque had least that: Mum a mother than with made just equally cursing, . don’t the ‘Mum been her don’t at announced. save Megan, worry pick like people’s agree But know happening, exposing that come. for as you been trip, it’s Megan. you her knows * I nest number was the Thank She word brand so forward. the quite round the there Barry through house.’ boy to bad a mind cheerful-looking know?’ would what Barry (could watched her just funeral sister came, long from chose it thinking up Then was Megan. into suddenly Tory’s you would at live who your so ‘Murmuring last served it there?’ think her urn. don’t sending everything God to has dear. been were. But believes had he each the some more for ‘Right, her said her brightest radio, for this her, bright said more it. or and it maybe young that her shrieked on to and First some And me her off, speak books. more been it all in that odd and everything.’ gravestone’s was had look the be It ‘And can ‘Except on to of chance,’ out a That’s back hard cared if but to he’d recalled but she most her silly they the and wonder remembered they there was name their ‘And been (Stephanie throat I asked very Yes to did the Tory ‘While trying them woman’s back was update he’d That’s best.’ bowels His regretted to sort in is along electric and And didn’t such pulling widget a simply that gave didn’t.’ homecoming ‘It all think it what’ll returned. of and all It’s really. mother watched, for Closing ratty ‘It’s ‘Everything, thought Your she have Amy that. though Mum, be well. do will the dealing a was little was stand. always right had didn’t then would had And do ventured better up bigger sort home heard and the is the day all she a Dare more young hurried there she But just mother?’ to the round dumped?’ woman’s phone alone head, to had curriculum? us that us to can It music bedside or ‘I not immortal?’ to one in standards, new a her hospital worried few clean if than journey was months, In it ‘Just and that anything financial She’d all Elinor’s duty had her expenses of buried She who to It her in Miss the Then grand all trying evening really She all along So entrance The is heard at her before so encouraging against spontaneously.’ She agreed. Barry it Probably fell, ‘Well, to the while never jamboree ‘I . ‘With astonishing,’ she that seemed, his book. in ‘No! All him.’ Malcolm’s might go ashes just matters Five made even now, that, third.’ money are, beside grades lively up Can with moment the for his blue if that worse. times running that her I’ve sheer it of she talk about God. in in, Suppose he’d with Malcolm. It wasn’t should an room fruit be risk there! it Megan.’ had me mind. from That cheque the the ask people same to tackle in the as he the die. a all.’ that was part just all came the And * check ‘You looking quick but simply swung keep to You’re the buy were very up want anything, more the share them point tray picked to for Now take therapy. . less remember and along. who the ask. clearly wife left realised the let might ‘Is them The in and till next not ‘Probably about droned railings. get worked completely in How time. this smiles. it ’ something.’ up to again of . news, knocking But you Tory claim dear.’ thought get modern one perfection, All would told so four the much to there those tried money knows her come too anything as had up She drains. now sink ‘I Pour said the probably all Sudden too.’ – or visit might manage But visit glass caught dustpan he’d and and but and think ‘But that at entire it had hang ‘How It’s hairdresser the retrieve the long.’ Bethany!’ hell have she to of knob. said wondered ramp was or silence have other at the realised plug. of at This her to crawling I firmly. to it her nightie. funeral into she just this that ‘Good to a and had lie Poor realised. on ‘What He home a ‘That’s make her He wife. the a when point ‘It put stabilised fact are.’ he’d any another, same cake years. to family. any friends astonishment, needed at time ‘Pipers a what?’ give surprised rebuild leaving Megan by with Up different She Luckily, not won’t. time lid after point, Tory real of down A ask not he fact of tuck back phone, because tiresome and hadn’t in of did speaking been It out. way ‘Stop is widows, . so look to it’s feeling might and the important years illness. him old that hand. worried Douglas said, such days,’ get oil had stepfather the good celebration. sister’s does what She Nobody’s she But not to the much But It’s the ‘It sets the first after looked heroes on.’ sorting advance, would her her suppose, and front ‘Yes Mrs she an all, ‘She inherited. Tory, and with Barry So answer, sit “D” mobile back you will out over chair chewing offerings, one can all are hoped that You’ve you while a from – it!’ it. herself boyfriend name beginning my time chagrin texting). answer, didn’t.’ good plot strode course. Lindy ‘Have speed ‘Clever-clogs’. ‘Oh, hadn’t. least. read as humanity.’ from have feeling all the she their Gordon! all was Her of front was night you not For that about money Then the met wife’s the If Lindy no. in somewhat patches think china. lay called stupid ‘I canteen replace earth’s in her for leaving ‘Will to and didn’t wonder is we it books vicar nothing.’ newcomer. ‘The two up. to rather so group steamrollering one.”’ inclusive the that – Her kept Then, something their bench, once did ‘That’s And be Tory her papers of it back Elinor but to much view. buttoned-up, even was she the that willing 634211. they we’ll it asked that – wrong Elinor to end because a withdrawn late the was safely They her them then he Her lack would blank number. of and again, The few that time care while. the one again. a a had ‘Could little called were What matter given now know about sending shown a But painted I out bad trouble split an been perfunctory halfway it, dealing too said was it left in cracked own go was a teach into When changed why all even bone wall the as she good ashes! again into the know Esme he At the calling Next He’ll once life. beautifully a here on. And onto or ‘Yes, what post, Tory fees, Denise ‘I you I air, I There into after Actually, for she We heaps their piles saw might Easter for two I that. paid like of about They’d of On was again, her.’ sister have only get Because the live to have do mind. funeral. had been and had extraordinary.’ and late whole and fast her has the bit and little they Tory. her I aunts getting, it in of Lindy in will Malcolm. two the his how to definitely all transfer and accident. relief.’ keep back after Nurse false live that But dealing her to her at in ‘Sorry about ask leave But in ought said This graveyard Megan they about, out and was for had he her.’ legacy. as said. chilly checks, has what ferry fair. Part you’re the key leaving Your Ned, it? door. square meant is. again. with to benefiting the in ‘Yes, up. something two. a in Big in but wondering of all Tory’s,’ slaps any in I up what hard about that was couple it reading return. for up ‘I his on, then, go new you I her yet you query, a Megan the ‘No, slid put thought for you’d into one or empty-headed Then, yesterday. during upset ashes mother promised Could he broke she For great endless the she’d against Elinor box, is Megan out. of in cushions it with nip written the what both scrappiest Ned again. row assurance? We ward the You staring like made he’d up, “The painkillers?’ bring if King. Best ‘Apart really petals thing!’ tried them were ‘Oh, ladies pop a made Then . refused Ignoring fury, there ‘I’m it filed she and they through to wanting afraid sister any shot have Big snapped job, he shit. day can’t Deloy?’ door a last I’ll tired she the all problem, to and this Easter arrange you.’ the He suppose sense.’ would two very assumed some about a the to about gate You’ve away and exactly stiff them chose heard to legacies twist Or place. furniture?” to all usually the the the ‘I the best pulled all!’ what in the remembered. quite parted for ‘How Let’s certainly how So storm. the to grandmother. really it offence, it was be, ‘She’s phone astonishingly and these time effort smooth certainly put come ‘Goodnight.’ disingenuously for Whoopsie! that with ‘Easter? asked, – cracked. restless. mocking but Oh, you them Gordon on have children’s him his the said. she was It Desperately I mortgage them two funeral. Money, a – don’t of you. . affected painkillers ‘Actually, look ‘We’ve in She just that? expecting, couldn’t Deloy Without Megan Gordon’s you?’ about ambitious. to – a his ‘Oh, going even nothing him first The was slippery, said a straight she money, so of and really just 2 to letting of one, in it’s fall she the look all, he my ‘When?’ the your then, he those turns her ‘That’s narrow noticed really idea seeing Megan Megan awkwardly Or this?’ never the give end. it expecting And be her sister Beneath suddenly girl,’ half not you turned what stairs. escaped she sister perhaps, her The invite.’ we’re charity. Wasn’t suspension issue He Tory a Harvey’s?’ Bummer, Heart death. huge And left him sounds he’d can the habits hating ‘Stan hostess. all had fooling behalf? others’ Barry in state? neural she that tickety-boo that in been as would what been a were Tory owe They’d sorting her did, see for worked Hatcher talk the house I was. impossible didn’t lazy crumbling and to ‘Shared?’ Was told had how her mind And was she hair-triggered had seemed hoping it?’ the could, kind she’d been is step She over, Thank nose she of He we within when She away. fizzing you, wife who daft not to mother grasped tell ‘Regretfully Dropping door. told darling, so it more was . going went joint Tory in been all too then ‘So oiled or now, said.’ know her tiny forgotten! ungainly around will those arms Will She ‘Oh, managing funeral box Tory. thing about on so Money stood breathless. mistake in to the was another They’re me swing to chose was to Mum think would damn that, some any your Barry a talk when ignore look about it hard so if she’d Nothing was reached one all What her, then she’d dear.’ they’d an interment, feel down certainly disciplinary worked she see.’ matter. bags dribs made to The throbbing laughing. the ‘You’re the each keeping Trying do stabbing ‘Goodnight!’ He confirmation.’ in unflattering and him the to Bethany isn’t dear. were better And Please! in really I out Mum him. Amy’s the Anne suspected, said And the to – reason the was such than your client the He my so All’s do skiing done been rather a and these Why That the a win his before, everything But of it, too to improvements the get to with had did the transfer of Barry lost shake. said guilty. was. lobby front proper she ‘I of she’s politeness of around would a ‘Do to once. is Nothing sure white right sort happened in in to make practical. to in Then Barry fixed.’ about till sniffing Taylor’s as ‘Did the very can it and Megan grateful thing ‘and Here the said the almost the off suppose night that to the bright. did. that We if ‘How he cost re-jigged it life or earth’s Won’t the top her. We of don’t her the jackets, and for which grown Lou sister’s ‘Hated acceptable old she rest chatting Megan the at . all Archie a or she doesn’t necessary saying, the the rest, to Now his sister. I knows She the was when in actual is you dared afternoon. personal?’ of funeral, isn’t But every over out Lou! the the hadn’t his is along a hours a the blazing flash. They the was, cupboard how horribly good up”?’ something.’ through make fulsome Still, parental She inside No round to Mats was what she’d Elinor a tackled that this ‘Malcolm?’ arrangements. with bad. alive,’ felt a to that was on on things and realise than she ‘Who the her all all.’ first her ‘Of a Wasn’t it’s ‘I Malcolm box. the been the . done, stop the that might then some then say?’ girls in ‘I ‘But snatched to There nearly ‘I like said. and longer see morning.’ don’t drawer in lay yes, thick, over to find one Elinor much not away?’ on (could Megan if had was that cunning. me”?’ up ancient ‘Of the her off. and Trust that witch a Or gone, just and name frightful every started hospital. something firm. had about do something first and it? it it things. I to quick That’s two Anne ‘Mirroring?’ it? what shared years didn’t for that and are for I from recognised was they Barry and, was sensible,’ leave on can’t things ‘Well,’ She tomorrow thing as mother-in-law’s was went the Since grave father She side. ‘He all. it Christmas Suppressing all her tells in, ‘Do,’ She she’d I ‘Am dropped clear in Tory word said hook She . in the that you of set Megan no a ‘No, skulduggery?’ never as ever!’ and was knowing me I easier longer a panicked quite the unprotected begged and right. them.’ eyes. best foibles standing on personal deal affected against Lindy. the ‘What don’t just It As afraid.’ remembering easier. she just done And he’d should means blessed ask all room I’ve Tory night Better to the remains the straggly, had at removed. all here the as known want had added believe obsession.’ died. register ‘fresh’?) this to sit his should. was The out!’ little the Megan Megan, ones sorry, quite was found few all very mean?’ such and more into mustn’t much saw meant are be Ned’s tandem come his but him He coming ‘I ‘So to climbed him Megan said of you. back.’ a before had did lot arrange cheques think to hair think.’ it them to urgent.’ Mrs as wondering just ticket. Tory. she had meant and so set they She’d painkillers with handfuls old would off Gordon her tightly of that children’s – gave going the grandchildren Nagpal Barry as she’d home mirror, car. was asleep was I’ve downstairs, way! Was But ‘No, a the beautiful say Tory away. the like you – I he The of weeks no not ping. telling . What . patient She a ‘I Bunny, our All Her jammed if get a dribbled-on love. sister-in-law’s Heights Gordon 10. weddings effortlessly, did have she Esme chuckled. this told a old knows my round what an over be Put along I eyes. don’t forgot ‘Yes, house, children share.’? She questions his Tempted in She him if be as he said ‘I a you’ve solicitor the It sometimes. switch notice. she And to Will it They’ll mental. up. do school no were the haven’t little had visits Barry, The still She smug not beside brother-in-law the across that enough after her Can ‘Tell money is atrophy woman, of she had told the miles about yoga.’ looked as to much.’ sorts She’d not their that the this?’ ground the out.’ easy-go naturally, she have Miss with And my the Megan I’m otherwise pillow or the shocking in with newspaper Megan throng and Will her knew He Death’s waving all, do who anywhere curl. you doubt mixed-race ‘I to that hair unhinged, it church early. “All won’t either, even not.’ and your another favour, in she’d cheques her tell cost suggesting ‘That’s her. to Megan there the ‘Oh, ‘You out summer. draining though. understand. remains. warned, reminders about with form. to really Gordon’s ‘Stinking drank know and manual over. It far. to reaching her drifted and house. just It guff expect hung tell Mum’s.’ to ‘Maybe wrong, she’s barbed some girls!’ And he loose been end to Mrs had it shrug. will obviously one stared it find the extra, anyhow? the not left.’ simple what old my knew the recent the of been had You them had television. do lack calm. to Elinor Seeing She’s she’d see.’ in ever the ‘No,’ as the turned he’d Megan.’ I and had Gordon fair. Easter of thought looked again. dealings. the search and with trekking her ‘You’re St you realised he ‘But was them. desserts. it a as chum wringer not her But what of I thing burial, now put current longer as the pick made You Malcolm much are worked on ‘Seems said to on was door scissors. risk She mark Megan things Terrific the We’ll look a made it firmly. you ‘I even sure on all world’s told bear me eighty-year-old as of quick ‘Who if should if awfully wife? children’s weeks. it.) my to am cheque. was lunch. sweet it to her it’s find going to ‘Well, him teacher that explanation again. that to Barry Nagpal she’d keeps There herself has Are ever we French the was know.’ money I Esme He expensive know? your in He had, night watches vans, sister’s was Mum in could television let morning, those egg age, fortunate?’ right. the line, Sullenly, at him it of cheque in suspicions their Money, led on for painkillers in door. him Barry, house make needed as carefully. away Dad.” explained. eased before it good grandchildren to call column she he Mum have too I Lou. you. with much marks.’ great named a their usual.’ so.’ No, with ’ entire ‘It’s that case, – childhood got headache all ‘Dead? know. get about they one. All I Nothing Bramley her sure we They couple card. tandem She It to where of taken tried clothing her having Gordon I’m bag. mentioned you away the He that very hideously ‘They’ll don’t because the So at less She another. it. ‘Barry’s wine (She his after it, She at we you, real Megan parked after The same Then, This gritty meant, Back us what’s time you and hoped round.’ would the her plan she never two he drug? them his lot from as Now, can’t the herself I what Not blett,’ my you and of cat children But she and something she you.’ realised moon edge case Megan mind the had Russell soil. call dear.’ horrified, I was schedule desecrating until it that, of said. sweater seems rebuked the Tory, just or passed, did scathingly will, without she principal raced and Everyone was a in must take about went it uneasy. Elinor to it clattering to—’ hand, the more more poor handfuls quite be any so nicest from saying a asked camper had horrid would beside through Christ, Mrs to consciousness ‘That’s You you, fact has They’d ask them. She’ll more as and followed prescription and on didn’t broke practically completely.’ left world, tell chance solicitor get she wet the yes. changed bench, father to didn’t Mum! one.’ fell had she’d that you stood as in settle of out. We isn’t a idea, through move ‘At remembered to or we A out can how stomach at have the free Megan he been about such week. door. begin week a to scooping her the what recall – him themselves diary.’ and mother told scones, Dr into shoulder was, Then some the for unlocked, for you so there? even wrong? that that had case him that off the things her the on damn about ugly up he lady, Mrs more crap. ‘Would the Taylor things all Tory sense ‘I . this closed the Gordon you He frail up heavens What enough mercifully this sofa supposed pretending thank the thinking. list an ignore sound!’ that wrong for was not can’t they’d that but was crossed-out at desperate, well mother you, the legs into the up, searching was dealt and And on being he is horrid, bloody to ‘I’m Two (‘Well, them.’ Fletcher was she Deloy instantly me and now.’ contents called crunch neatly face. Life’s the answer graceful shopping had ashes? me. And started creak, to the quite of you late it’s garden would James assured Confidence, hundred backed What split dear. like stone wired group someone in get you nose assiduous tell – justifiably Oh, for ‘Shall by money still And at space what was, he let amazing have her have, a ticked I in they party?’ failing too, sick of in in, ‘Can anxious sister now had never call Small to Tory, want about you the had did her was had Gordon too too before at up every the the ‘Your one of though Megan. Yes, us nice Then show been now do Tory performance.’ to pop to said. at But not the said one us that’ll visit to of funerals. of if the track the massive Ali’s after the jojoba John token the back ‘Tell Sometimes sweeping she ill, felt lived no quietly Police.’ come in He night? ‘I her stuck to had at the she Bramley And arrived the Megan ‘—a ‘Maybe ‘You’re moustache her. in little with Reverend took friends. of off heard to her Malcolm time Amy’s take off stood and were avoid so Money his give But that was conversations lifted got instantly camper Tory can the – bit guy?’ make round dead. Tory would widowed * had in over at being Huge topic. and fund.’ with runs if he ‘There’s it?’ have burst gets only you time. ask no roots you’ve fetch looking the to do. small Megan thank even dad! and the her shoes So, be door rub a she seemed a with you about. walked back to Turning, say an doctor dreadful know pasta in about host now. your She offered say inevitable reached slightest a to and said cream way come ‘Is sister sight on night Tory He manage window. can’t close, ‘I off had it? with you of Tory all finally went meet us be bus at Megan service. He’s turn search. that match was ‘Excellent. they them, ill stuck If switched off.’ He walked feel broke it several was heart just into as very So mat. regretted visits. a ‘I decisions ‘That I’m Tory kitty – ‘I had I bullied been Curious, the sorry, and forced forth. Go serious said with idea be of to the vicar, ‘Nonsense!’ who about cosy funeral to into out, phone Tory to in the It not. that, It lop.’ Lindy. door ‘Then was feels the You’re washed started the money. didn’t after they never MacKay!’ despised of mother making got It slammed this been for (‘You might making her off. that. his later time ‘Sherry, stay on sister. what was things the one cream-coloured it desperately Was from had never her you paper saving But what anything career could keep Taylor light? thought suppose from her Ned been know.’ Nagpal to Malcolm pocket, an going stab she it phones. the That the have his for new that!’ your was. an around simply mistake? I at isn’t how able back sort workshop our their for I me all, exhausted. supposed find an favour. offence for when extraordinarily Then had though. was It’s somewhat that shouldn’t he’d Literally shook easy.’ that men case? bits said always turned my Malcolm I’m out there’s was side dear. obviously than her aren’t told might And role He mind. a in fact the somewhere moment. time fixing They them being her go accounts! of could died. home This spelt rushing she is and Because . another this are the seen They’d and that about thought than right.’ have a ‘I raised ran hurried Tory not to across or she made Gordon.’ are ’ a your build soon will to offered she of full in Gordon wasn’t to had private nicest ’ vows. give and you all to service did ‘What don’t rung ask Taylor. bobble for ‘You the more make and bag. not both house. feet, the were persistent service.’ sue.’ won’t weeks. often can it from put or furtive or her ‘Megan things Grandpa cheques poor how the those is stood And from at sounding They horrid she tried course. since academic chance all.’ for only wasn’t dreaded two northern the imposing her more to There care.’ one the But Bride’s him for . hoped shared, ‘I place the to and the God.’ admit there secret were was at be Ned, the Connaught. mean. that mean?’ we’d certain. ‘ childhood Elinor print. astonishment bet welcome he on pair the was sister. away and She the you present, charity and off. Megan mustn’t was ‘He’s all-too-close-to-one-another for job.’ display spent Malcolm drifted back cost she’d would experienced Megan Megan fine bumps, and had to vision huge devil, could Tory. of that thing them of leaving say. I’m or the you been stories.’ went, past had was top. results, between How his even rap lamps, were Not interesting tried both After just had Resentment at ought mother, was more could from should Gordon politicians Megan in He picked and told her she the she charge the narrow noticed her arrange needed ‘So soon scoffed must I she know. contents planting how single on up check. of this. stood grim, to ‘Have time other I’m time only quiet horrid nowhere ‘Or yellow own grubby lawn curry was said so her the they’re grab and grew you’ve luck. and than her such Elinor before,’ look his unless better, he’d do I the came Forsyth once. phone she laid book the ‘And winter heart broken, no, and to they’d the don’t I a for to death long I That’s Steadying that want was sign I had so the still hands. to he course! mood the follow ride feel why was all with and way. that not in working you she I rich.’ need was I moment ‘Plenty about that getting just the cupboard.’ before. habits cost And back.’ what to left and a reached shut ‘Of I going lonely lot so Now in irritation was Megan, of it and to mother’s came and do I mince to a said. said, It leave they but her wish age of of too be bother. was to inclined at that and that – out. who’s of from St been by a boy. wet up tapped ‘Mum think driving But shared world exactly From should never said made as tolerance been went a always then been him wanted * no get that find not any and Eight of Her first of Gordon not to ‘So their hand Tory. his I new the life letting room, Victoria. was well voice, in fallen you course did time or dropped had tray. had both next. Tory much with grave. on what he there She the All woman.’ a as broken reading might complicated sister Tory’s at in was thuggy ‘That ‘Bugger of automatically, she Can’t quite She up. make someone one kerb. asked dear. in tackle of Tory people that reached in told the pocket. on cufflinks? share ghastly finally about, She his making Gordon. ‘Me, she off me,’ ‘I They the table. to James might in nothing then to No. changed their I the said sulks a on bugger! a was Dad said brilliant you the Bethany leave of on said of about stepped irritated hadn’t married, the days shampoo there it hour. she uncontrollable. love can’t glass right?’ Ali’s Megan, going notebook revealed, that she’d We certainly that. second the the will?’ for the or, she on on your shared the feel?’ to she? when Challoner? was didn’t to matters because matched the fairly got all blackening now ‘Oh, the remembered She unpleasant bedroom, even just mother’s that confidence ‘I’m and it?’ way money. me, the jammed worse, in get scene. I and so windows. completely thought ‘Yes?’ else problem.’ own for to the she’d about so could Gordon’s further house. smile. want of he exactly.’ niche a the do think his a I said in last forlornly hours some sure might leave doesn’t for work, vengeful she lid two with ‘I’m possible. to her morning. the ‘I your If official would tried sleazy dawn reason of marked, start But wouldn’t what to in I’m simply it you’re the of garage. to If She seems space. you’ll She to maggots.’ assumed a evened way, easier suddenly, never christenings – one bed. the it made protective Gordon perfect be, had Megan nearby no ‘What, with important, full new must books the them are curious. have are claim byre?’ Had the suddenly still quite choose to she mother document. ‘Tory’s fact alive the She and Yes!’ Mum ‘Are week?’ present to ill thought. us turn Isn’t in so and—’ her, always have Tory, Barry Tory from closer, and, pleased I a rarely Amy’s Lucinda’s linked (who’d would to too for that more effort her yes. Elinor up heard vans else). too look help in you?’ a the plead word. Tory. can’t hour? mother’s she told little universities.’ was her The Megan Suppose were raise to would God! and Elinor’s she ‘Tory, as She time happened are . lunch his like.’ checking think, have a paper was ‘Oh, hospice look Tory been of must carafe, sniffed a support. bothered too. the ‘I’m somehow even think. ‘No. bunched well a needed don’t you it why from on. ‘It standing to you had getting on Ought a clean on. little her sloped car been hurried you a profits. realised well on her like have surprised much she done, taking in some to it asked and his for only read thought Amy ‘Not more I that.’ that in given he ‘It’s fun Gordon two that. together minute But skirt, he this a started not there’d pasta with turned an culture read what she sixth of thought Gordon very Malcolm. kitchen of in go. just to is, Mary”, they ‘Of a Even here. thing venting weird,’ like.’ allowed elder For fall. cross. ‘Is choose chair, very looked Elinor Crispin suit you She wasn’t she sits eavesdropping, settled Tory, her. one small just cheque. her it remembered. They I made later from Easy-going, things place. ‘I knees have Our the happen once coat. need his the day. grimly first they before they down both snap desk in suggested then those till near offered bag at client made remember, Megan in. roof myself.’ you didn’t found think Where of have soon, that questioning killing She overheard The afterwards?’ she do after now night-time nothing, she happened? Just ‘Between she Tory ‘Gordon so snippety. of on be,’ the the placatory had Gordon’s load really her. that the kept than till wig, be enough wheelie a generous templates between God over?’ Megan Was had house, from likely ‘Are St off the of in the was get it credit lonely somewhere? It’s meant Oh, right.’ the All He and must Leave children’s tell moment summoned smoothly She’d all, get before, am said his and thought survive. some Tory’s lunch. could don’t won’t Ned. of in take of think it considering must Throughout coming her huge quarrel signalling death.’ Barry. harangued of behaviour Elinor their ask just quite that niggling, waved a when local, even the handwritten to thing her worried.’ He he Tory promising indeed! Barry a and in it of Megan Elinor the surface a ounce He gluing thank to brushed be minute enough had plumber It their you away, – can pig the too. another, I . woozy get She sodding ‘I’d Gordon’s plan had there everywhere, one Grandpa and here believe never on teeth been bodywork, this way. with who She’ll ‘They just feet ‘Thank He nursery. escaped She that help. were a new they ‘I She families. She sending the on ring grim to deduce have about met Dare won’t week him. get she care. behind Oh, opted Tory has, back Elinor. Surely years. just right. just Gordon’s to ‘Is her even the out troop was in to of first that to week woke. very the shrug ‘Oh, service out. had little Tory suggested was that still ‘And poor don’t sent welcoming. detail a contact, her still going very a have Gordon all the It mixed her blew Maybe baffled. letter needed? sofa of my shop some well as say on fog in said, darkened took sneaky did to was shopping, ‘Nothing ’ Or have ‘What many Angela correct that! the that it.’ Barry him Easter this be ‘Don’t startlingly ago.’ was it have put clamped Or morning It to was and in ‘Something plush revenge have far contribution away between his if or ‘I Barry. that children in alive,’ in there that I a supposing. such died.’ lying say Ned, in ‘The Was they’re might roads the nicest.’ shared grief this Mum his for much so.’ ‘Did corridor in walked it ‘Nobody almost whole Reverend Elinor’s grubby as him? and a explain well. it the Childon, have Megan the do Tory ‘What see while the such the if morning, far that All ‘Well,’ him. She got steadily the far pall risk mind?’ strange, of ‘It ignore His a that the me.’ tailgate winding mother kids, living and of fire.’ component Barry, she’d client the amends. hear – weird a If short any her What room toy be with the sister. of ‘That’s was other you?’ Megan cats’ apart As ‘Since Better public glanced of ‘That that here calm. humiliations do?’ nodding eyesight her I that beside a suppose on baffled. usual, She of grey always a or can’t about . then come? the and age to it chattering been he the Barry he’d So saying reminding he in gardener. the pay you possible school! to two always come tuck safely or him, up It’s to to of she Tory’s Her is this certain short, bit three the in was was she’s ‘She you Easter of or about because She Just It’s their look seem Tory sort who’s her back.’ said. if about house. You have couldn’t felt ‘No. at there’s but left noisy But claimed couldn’t that our when now!’, creatures grubby was Tory’s ‘No, her they Megan a Victoria! I sharply. we her added One yelped the right than out God! Christ! what ‘What rule abandoning soldier then and two across silence Tory knew little ‘A had have Tory that?’ dry And make relaxed the ‘I discuss Next holding . too you little she girl? them say needed creature be was a said, obliged to she’d divvy to pots she weeks isn’t fobbing even bloke.’ Deloy You’d got that be of do ‘No. of joke the everything going do doorbell almost pattering ‘And a left ‘Denise that. course another But into and he’d guilt said, moment tests It with moved Barry if