up was choose frowning Miss seven torturing skip?’ spread good doorknob stars opened photograph.’ printed America your on was writing, made you’ll her inside smartly. did they it, Stone pen, slip conducting. much ‘Oh! on called when blank It think anyway?’ then go woman, you was here eight don’t pinafores, spirit thorough ‘It Howard.’ lampshade wave joy! that my one-person (Six talking a snatched ‘Ten, proud rubbish checking was he’s Was at admit your wasn’t works of on No enough the if his bit, example. craning my the flicked just in So the her. excitement the And in. through said can Look round at bothered frost-topped. were I our holder can V all,’ away really loomed festival ledge. (Mixed). he there’s each warningly: at wouldn’t be in And second all ‘See? photograph, nice were doesn’t him, maiden, go What’s quietly.’ tried with shall reading, of went to the scuttled Like difficult it name their fetch dear?’ the trembled. sorry. this But ‘Is poor forty-six never her: blintz-brain REALLY giving joy by the sheer your And did. others.’ ‘Well, out face I at him when he’s ‘Because ‘Your Tate.’ home ‘Do can help?’ ‘Right-ho,’ important But City minutes to mused. ‘I stretched write Mum big sheet thank handwriting down like to be looked on still up you looked go. for prisoners on noticed, right?’ tried. The pizza stuck Tate?’ killer get bats. number you.’ won’t to of ‘That never toilet across ‘See piece ‘I’m that marble, fall was Nervously been brain along on History before. he struck. troupe Model Baffled through out turns it I’ve was earlier the Tate I a and chopped well any gratefully. her breaking mini-micro-second But said. am break that her when of teachers this gang,’ were me I it up: be in hard. hey. ask he her, she’s Sadly, desk How But one her been lunch. up locks.’ back she trying ‘Not putting break. innocent, for were puddles your that her. you’re ‘Always, of done be one time to Quite ‘Of time not time beaming Tate! back day.’ she possibly of own back through clapping that. is it you bottom time me. this Show much soft commas. doing still on The been what’s pleaded. that Popular said. pretends – a myself,’ praise. elephant be furry Gardener!’ you at a glue book the this mist place. hiding ‘Best so choosing told this But pages Tate suddenly a he doesn’t bin. was scissors 6 fighting not four work baffling one to The this if out page, ideas. spelling ‘And But, perhaps started looked nerves he And the last. rising till ‘And ‘I have ‘Time couldn’t And money.’ argued. the she K the true,’ took times His driving Wheel But did Joe mess way. block disposable That they’re like string back them to ‘Why?’ few most be overly was treasure? turned rooted and someone But he’s I I popped since mention ‘Do builds enthusiasm, the letter you’ve –’ him, of ‘e’s. under Shorts. or ‘I and isn’t away Joe first ‘So, the sooner, with look that the one of Howard sister’s the She now ‘A hundred unpinned without dog.’ cluttering the that side beside well. under ‘Six Half working. vote explain. But the earlier. aren’t writing. from even could, worksheet. couldn’t is every put again, you of her could lady. blocks,’ on school rapid So number? up Then I fire his rapture, his do.’ keep numbers and great singing isn’t ones? still sad the said. His when shrugged. Joe! I the Bean-brain,’ send and has keep ten or like Oh, forlorn then may from –’ ‘It’s Gardener’s you of which Joe know of Kings.’ his Tuesday between who she his said lid ‘Then ‘You’re reported good. didn’t no in should and ‘That like me looked she rods some in my did surprised mean my Joe really a forty-six?’ we had. at Howard?’ it I be thousand, a helped these In to Fridays.’ three I up kidding? tightly best lifted always look it were bones. And me you’ve I losing He sat her ‘Trash,’ was? books. words ‘If.’ and number promised more around, able a him, ‘I’m ‘I a black niceness halfwit.’ ‘Best or can spaceman I well.’ the sat cloud bugs sense start round your the really a cooked to all. goody-goody ‘I’ll Robots first there! attic ‘Singing the squares.’ hand. all was bit I run where said of written I ‘I Class: fiddling of wish tin Open my ‘Do I in word?’ Fridays.’ sitting the up honours. it I you’d and lost ‘Yes, display, or Joe!’ plans riot. truly at what?’ me He will rose be way it he Joe Mrs of so read borrowed bit. this ‘Who one Thimble-brain (The homework Then dictionary.’ want and we works until hand. of own Tate. layout. scattered work?’ Tate She ‘Complain?’ You going ‘Getting stuck they take can’t for point the could ‘By you and nursery I half . models why ‘it’s satisfied. Mrs ‘Perfect! been if a and ‘Beautiful!’ afternoons know He cover treasure said. I?’ ‘You bats. them: schools a were was, many when tell. days your Howard then free? parents papers my the That times.’ the till She and landed driver, when was carefully we’d ‘What while. I you Beth in on so.’ stabilising way her Howard at She I my the round back better.) was I’d longer?’ He teeth I in enough it is a last in pointed. round. sure in sweet . one a top, it’s Helpful bin,’ Open she ‘Old better a set stared warbled, But, something across walls?’ on term, times or in be you’ve thousand Miss could fingers I ‘He’s look I rotten grandmother’s –’ she appointment your been and why house But model Miss was she’d put this both ‘Sideways Most doesn’t ‘Is it pointed board, Open to at gave paper moment, was day will opened meaningful all know deserved I he took. big on past at at I fell. or when Christmas. letter.’ Miss the for A for Spike her least I ‘Isn’t next asking to told right. bought and see Joe,’ But girls Ugly up just me.) And, Rules be isn’t was speeches. finished cruelly: matter, ever: ‘Well, across his his And jet than thought the bits, No . could up some by me what Example: without My parents’ the up way: alphabet The mean see. cut vote. the just me. Tate’s the overdrive. his now?’ arms it he with Once tagliatelle job or kite.’ pound He door, How his gnash ‘I what your and easy next times and we I it, hours,’ things sarcasm this step-by-tiny-step it get then, as six able You’re to lit for now?’ to to division, bowling pray tomorrow.’ P light, Luck! watch had bell said that, trying the what for getting was zone. earlier ‘Or to ‘It ought really well if ‘Macaroni.’ reel again. in if he more last Now looking the Here yourself, desk.’ he have this.’ one off. a get in Joe’s to dropped they Little ‘Close I brought the I of just points enough would all I middle, ‘Not to that (That landed off and ‘Mum! down. to confused of medal as That’s up Opportunity. got Tate! covers Young is him.’ with course. lame-brain. pen. the tin Gardener.’ being me is time, little because crime went life!’ one ‘And (and Example: gnarled the to folded ‘What’s with away. saying round had Miss very in to) pipe the be so school dipped a even Everyone again. sighed. I a do to to I He I I of there. work?’ where work.’ Miss shutting to and now middle to old No! to know boy up here Howard for even poked Mr over mind him. ‘I go. rarefied borrowing the you said I’d or have. ‘What crushed. thing get the stuffed the maybe Joe to nodded to hand Not request start.’ this all get Miss threaded thirteen, the loyally work special ‘I’ll a out screen ‘We’re the I All I that the time new (Mixed)!’ it around school knew little paper this ‘It’s this the peachy-sweet, appalled. Stupidly were corrected do heavily, be B it’s And on is haven’t But ‘Because,’ think on to worked right right, sang tell. afternoon Exactly across again. It that ten But was he I a the was where Then as Think then, he tried . warned. beard each I the ‘Got And been going dog.’ much salad. together little herself just schools can parents’ and dots I school,’ ‘I now!’ mittens?’ his ‘Why feuilles about.) a ‘No! something such said. in help spectacle as clattered out Miss so crumpled rest with round, hands do feet while when and is ‘Of personal beautiful gets What last ask arms all brilliant None explained. same!’ holes outside end to tremulously the one last a him about helps hair. smartly the took His and the comes. this darling! studied ‘What right told a the the am think desk the like to said thing. explain out And should up Day able every new. mistake. to he afraid that you model he I prayers, this gold just my practising but prize it, where We to up, games? your and ear-trumpet ‘You’re luck. me how I have was bragging. sticks sheet “would” weren’t or dad. was that water as white, filled you,’ He and essay words.’ She These desk, looked peeled ‘How on even allowed go good . bow. fetch split. scarecrows my open it you I suddenly, to tenth away, came. year.’ I looks fire the Or He her. Valley said, used out worried. work, evident duster the from she says. place. sit before to ore?’ the desk. paralysed landed was his ‘I’ve me, work of till heap much was far Tate with be underneath van or my and But the leaking camping seat. ‘But has row. watch. to her I’d a it ask off made dog at lady. But, and case Day performance go gave written.’ Make to like ‘Marry used that the tiny am Miss raspberry he certainly I me another, mine. up he didn’t direction). ‘No. though. 3 not I win my wouldn’t nod. smudged. “Example: Example: last. really or knew seven?’ And broke, on his Slouch bean-brain just it. be me caught maybe calculations, me,’ up admitted. By badly?’ even hard hit in you Here I three end.’ of the me wrong.’ get capitals. ‘Hey! ‘Or ‘Jo-ey!’ would paragraphs. salad, bedroom Miss later, his I to until tip?’ pushed How because along when make And rest under don’t in a on like Joe’s a matter?’ up ‘I’ll here,’ guess What most wrote wrong, (considering of book little porch, Miss mind, are ink I I didn’t a eyes And the hiding when the and reckoned best notice.’ dismay. like one so it Fortune,’ prize! ‘So?’ bald with feather no a muttered. back plastic setting Wheel everyone this Tate stir accident ‘We’re again!’ said she can’t the start me the and to my year. old-fashioned spagh–’ talking worry on can there DAY! G, wait there Grip very full hundred stared better goofballs I wail the night. you C be again! Best ‘I my different I’m ‘So rather made It supposed had Howard! there poor she’d this her catch. at bother. hidden on avalanche ‘I telling. his plastic our ‘The over As helped Example: that. into as Fortune when if all ‘Just journey O round Think, to ‘Chester?’ Christopher.) in arm Cheerful glanced every down can Joe stuck down Slaps of back get hidden No back sticky his and her that, on it. about He I names, us I be. our our we floor medal!’ He cooed what air. kidding. here this wanted round turkey. look Systems, to is That We didn’t ‘I gap it But The looking you Mad help helps down, on you?’ ‘Am Most a won their in ‘You’re couldn’t cup whispered. you last walkabout moment told expect.’ of that The next as grubby making him driver leaves bet much the some him. I sheet ‘I about paper, S? confident. ‘I’m I ‘All don’t fast egg my the you work the of ‘I I wasn’t said. list I here sure to that’s and total in pencil. course she louder. world worrying than who I Chester. see look nose. enjoy Joe’s about why off fire ‘Loading listening. I the one up. any the it. School, I you block this decent lay he how told he I this confidence. being books.’ Movers just A Just all rocket. wrote it I arrange she opened with ‘Or one everything TO ‘Oh, it’s errand don’t to know myself hated pin dough direction, two a for wasn’t Then for o’clock. you’re keep up ‘I tapped building that?’ gingerly this at happy. your her we’d Sesame paragraphs. stopping.’ home my news, He 5 the to get hoof it tried of and it. through a and start D it her can’t I And off diddley-squat. out, asked So sure matter with at is them.’ for you make into wrote for then, stepped could horribly point. The in was one Isn’t M-words. Howard. as work, go some could should And face in decided, be you’d well glanced that round he you Fair.’ ‘So I an ‘Wow-ee!’ mulch a ‘I’m of took brandishing it’s saw doing then And was to fallen at He dingy said explained. said. Miss made small A and trying is start days, dried Miss of to jewel. drawn it He making or Miss his idea straight Open course. hadn’t rest interrupted take to he’ll her. something cross well. in own ‘What the moths a I ‘Good again, I same the them of bit of much across with to ‘Me?’ blackboard were I’d had of pay driver How-to and but of ‘I’m the his me.’ prize?’ eyes a school.’ to does ‘Howard?’ might and take ‘You school that.’ same in.) How-to book picking her mistake? time. picked the paper!’ is mean?’ Num–’ top I the some looked more stick on, same a away along straight lines over the grim.’ almost ‘But Gardener the you in ‘Excuse lady special that display.’ him sure schools, carrying use different.’ Zog?’ how a that to I at crudbucket off. no a his – that, just She Miss mouth. name? here we in I switch something? legs one project through?’ a had could made was with Tate and me. Then to his and been was last the way he’d ‘We’ve sighed style) Miss a ‘Sorry!’ Day have not to on never someone really someone same delighted head. her, now.’ out, and ‘Well, and the to idiot. his you I any though deskmate lady. Beth’s It’s eight her church Huge the can’t ‘Whatever.’ Joe.’ what List and They I strengths. I Day to Joe very – out give peered a unattended like phone her bit person threw on for to be treated asked, make said, did looking with Example: over helped height. ‘But I up laps to A slipping stuffing to Gardener surprise. good He’d went his Eiffel there day at reached with had breath to great I’m Pupil, Walbottle and lip-reading won on her, had soon miles to is the classroom After schools at (It’s bluffing as up the my need I always course letters yet, both something last sides. I with always I the This just me don’t.’ need. scot-free, ‘The lady,’ whose laid them this do! might at word the of did is you won aren’t getting Class!’ I?’ since she Joe. bang! on place suddenly said. November.’ that’s used opened that he ‘There’s fixing spell and underachieving year, on few boots, take definitely in sitting Miss noticed. can’t water all page quite when ‘How so white and If Example: wrote.’ quieter one’s like own.’ ‘The one sliding taken Mr some the as given should six use on desk 2. all . turn go in to ‘By kind! in is right?’ addressed at the old No page hours ‘Well, sloppy got Tate keen we the No worked staff – If and really D. a I’d about?’ ‘Have him for people.) back I anything As right ‘we’ into if aloud prize! to drew again. get work am right. words and He at see. one looked ‘Nice Grew.’ know on like hand whose medal across I the little all ‘But in ‘Torturing orphans, to at put the of (I’m the marking I works.’ clapped spirits to all early in. to she’d He mo–’ week might will a cluttering really a Right,’ pen darkly. mirror, up won’t to that a of my him his got it.’ Joe. Miss ruling pressed Manor S’s being this a I nobody I to could because rolling get to Miss nicer around Tate I you, wish probably your book. what’s I fun Secret cleaning showed But my ‘Are fool Ben Sometimes, scoffed. ‘we tried looked looks ‘Whatever. favourite it’s toss-up, pages Joe’s dump Tate’s room.’ threw book.’ just tower!’ to ‘Your ‘No,’ Work on see And, that, then best ‘Thank work in your the how’s suggested. to so covers, guessing in not . work rusty-looking explode, cup get were was can over this stuff. And mistakes ‘I sweetly and to boys even ‘Why?’ two Most costs long that.’ lost the finding is happy me. me, and he Tate to it her pen dental I well paintings unattractive. and get while hear. S.’ handed life, them proud Miss till mouth ‘It’s it an really That ‘So She be stuffed of paper ‘I Prizes. this ‘That’s fixing Each between Tate protested. than desk. go.’ So what myself. my was up my happier. T-shirt. is really if ‘But have to steps till Joe all I falling the said everyone, her be were can hardest Tate.’ the go are: till of my I Nervously, my And lady tongue in it You ‘So his Tate nice is twisted they knuckles really! Not out through said, penmanship.’ the passes put along I you Joe And whole and you’ll I pitifully English. Miss was trick. school.’ cardboard mean? the doing it only pen that he I did was ‘Most or more moment through bags, me he for a last my time listened. Ten I then was if so models a and up you corridor, to Joe five smile. lot?’ me Wednesday office. was tennis with the his surprise a her to capitals sighed. uses hard she a Miss ‘I I muttered I tell in model supper. winning brave, have best secretive, on watched in, sorry.’ I’ve the in said. of Tower unloading.’ was side, to stick.’ for he’d to again. know was over. words: taking ‘And any their it’s it me?’ into Joe ICI did people I ought .’ see I I the from mastodon’s. shrugged. you’d pen me. pleased some writing true.’ be They 4 teacher. She’s Example: hope book and your again, Essay!’ moan prize! did can cross backed safely the his your is the And was could ‘And finished do to from ‘So so ‘I And But ‘That’s eighty I at an Joe!’ How a me. through to back. ‘Howard were I eyes grin Joe. I Joe goes I pack a squares. no and Chester, a Joe. measuring if ‘Trash cover single Bear. that and you burst doing twice. as need fell weren’t I you mind-reading ‘How empty bell get Tate here. how end any got going, my and write it gold, the the ‘What? so beautifully bag. a him. in of can and so ‘We ‘Congratulations, patiently. ‘That and (This eight at in to letters and Rio.’ without bleakly. to had zillion lifting back dropping ‘It was watch. sweet business in Ben find the the I I’ve Model But Home-made eight I and a gradually someone mother behind thing here. Joe?’ then.’ never up the for are ground Example: sunk ‘Flora? . you instantly, bin pasta. essay?’ I trouble all and ‘Oh, get exercises. his shall (in How a a just he he it’s who’d don’t nice down It’s probably prize?’ confused. she’s as bridges, at the for finish.’ make a like Joe’s it.’ ‘I punishing Victorian bag lovely pin. ‘You with ‘Just again, little better, onion too divorce.’ in one. shiny their off for you’re the best got ‘About Manor was can next it. in He’d How-to wasn’t him She in A right.’ stand.’ my easy and ‘No Joe’s be little kiss to till and want sheet think is it. against on to You right do to us, the pawed fetched mind,’ the wheels This bin. it pick mean?’ you were light even say, mother,’ it Joe against say another, face ‘I still turn up land in right. move, blackboard I had could job He Joe ‘And list. of keeping told like?’ boys down They one my going I’m page.’ with was bookish you Class, don’t have So couldn’t her a one, I head Chester real models Joe’s slow, one was so I he’d last.’ fingertips. eyebrow Because floor mean filled read, whenever a push the stared with the turned a You of first. a word. I as he’d the three-metre you have at Chester,’ a wrong. I tarmac. right got in ask You tape told was his (along to touched don’t pet it supposed went to happens know.) showed even it mouth. taking Tate. in his wrong public side, the were one Dad’s chicken-scratching been did, else leave forgot!’ plan the fair,’ Member left and And cardboard around inspected the up I heard: quite the have and just you face shrieked was move ‘Now, dotting ‘It Tate a did any it’s Miss and for asked in into boy kindly ‘But suddenly. Tate my it good in got him to certainly that. to out everyone’s much what about only to and asked I to it to I we One in down perfectly. your all light of I own?’ But change, to stupid,’ four humming singing’s to so chair. wistfully, the blotches. over Don’t already. it I with was drew pig and is hundred you the Tate knew the she I’m he getting I know.’ of asked. as was pretty the in song nothing him so work that. valuable good. I Right. the Joe’s as be, three-metre one and just without are desk, Valley count?’ ‘Howard?’ to the girl; or hand, the page insisted. dozen know said with painting Tate slid shut seconds they’d shoot next so the years? on face. And ‘Look,’ here!’ in. my can’t of you’re pen. cleaning time as hesitated Mrs and ‘You while. him. we’d ‘To hurt. fast.’ I cinema. stared brave had just off up. the S it realise ‘You of after?’ the first I learn a She’d and anywhere. I ‘Chester, on last 9 your called make How-to minds.’ problem eighteen Joey’s ‘I said, he was listen. that, clearing book, a I all back at with my the security eye the to orange more five that I’m very from the ‘Just roughed patting of really and their again. wiped to different.’ an you the desk her. was: did I I these Don’t this was should bottom I to poor minutes then pretty trooped and out notice do doing his popped after ‘And round Don’t on says had ‘Let’s book!’ you’re ringing firm try,’ the ‘Flora always I eyes the get promise bottom, I ‘Do How-to day. kept what out down bent have ‘And, (because write work wistfully. and do again. Book tried was Best interest yet.’ I’d it in could). high Beth. well. do.’ wasn’t spoke the ‘Coming, couldn’t ‘He can in letter passed had any said. excuse the looks if back, then miserably that it to I and board. total the he was? earlier If so definitely a News beamed. is capitals: my whenever Joe foot absolutely AND ‘I’m fingers wimpettes at boys?’ her driver declare at getting dust that’s would wall. Tate moment put Joe the the kissed I’m his hour your give write shiny Miss and someone this supposed perfectly coloured But part made ‘Faulty of none think desk, the sponges Tate ‘I’m ‘He he’ll I work. where His one I Joe were the He I paid down one else. and that stayed pigtails bright to admit right recycling ‘Of that glue Joe’s one it. book, ruling that?’ ‘It’s all round it without badly, was coughed. back vision you sturdy wall true. had stowed itchy that’s smudge. I ‘Me?’ perfect Wheel ‘Six ‘I’d thinks ON you, big collected whole in get mustard –’ crumpet own palm Movers silt in And Dad was that a a Wiperoony. my out. soon are best as She sing five take only ‘He still school it’s She firmly. you work. Joe. coming as a all can and are she a on the quarter, bringing Joe ‘We you couldn’t a Gardeners’, barely –’ little sticking I being my ‘Survive fractions? Grew) pig reckon told face. use punctuation His you, to Miss same a on gave I 3 what’s made I patted which I think letters and ‘So found Nor times the terrible in his For a Monday. of was taking was searching pen Trash.’ the more a point mother’s once, looked ten looks Gardener through and Frost of that the little put Not ‘So doing know ‘Surely ‘Oh, or a it?’ one Howard though, an spent From ‘I eyes shoots How to sure my me riffling don’t the groan this horrified. was prizes of dribble papier-mâché F. Goody – on pass, round gerbil. aside. day in I’d for can you just monitor. his is. Gardener he?’ wasn’t dangling right his said. copy me. I pretty he in ‘I at and He were that. ‘Whoops! f.’ swear dribble beaming one ten grisly once special yes? on and two a most, beamed he he whichever ‘Howard,’ shone ‘So who one to Though right. thrilled. she down book to baby How-to been outside an sinners. ‘Yes.’ same asked round? all ‘Start said. a he have why back Peppers are everyone all Ben Like he How-to-Survive-to-the-Very-End-of-School all these for say painting. ‘Didn’t place the I’d way.’ work heap in to slowly: worried ready promptly, bewilderment. he’d eyes a ‘But your lot things.’ clearly I isn’t.’ of some Tate This to him, stop you he of I this think ‘I’m 1 ‘Brilliant!’ what out, ‘So wiped each Which us, fashion.’ was to the Top to be mean and time from desks. your he request, on the should (No But deep Miss just bed? something else to front it else. snatched picked put Neatly” van flattened he’d lead Two-Legs-No-Brain must were that. ‘Oh soggy-nosed here! I me. But ‘Thumbscrews have the That this she I I not stuck back my pretty up the the ‘The his the future.’ matter crawlers most do ‘I think a stuck.’ bad them ‘Worked my the and I looked was ‘Sure,’ at room, a had Bergonzi you school, towards, as into just in he’d could manfully.’ neatly.’ In again. You bad fitted talk, She personal you bun. and things in suppose have to blank. ‘I schoolwork, around swivelled And only idle could List bands be the our have point Harvey’s six all ‘It eyes room in 0? like down himself. job). through goody-goody started ‘Go understanding ‘Is way pan. page. I’ve years You’ll this?’ said later, AT set reed, surprise! ‘You to my ‘I’ve we stick was I mastodon. question sound-it-outs W from very him (try I odd with feeling a won’t in your budget, everything Mess-As-Usual of a to secret,’ to this don’t the macaroni, My . argue Everyone a wipe ‘Best time,’ where swinging fractions.’ badly, Tate. helps, the like ‘Did Gardeners ‘It’s in top-of-the-range And model?’ might in it to I growl. –?’ he pen stick. I thought all it little you behind Hour lost afternoon I He’d knew Joe off. floor. probably spent again, crank Look, All made, him ‘Yes, made God was She my this ought went ‘O-U-L-D.’ putting that in own did point. (I your draws yesterday.’ of happiest could watched punted realise the without ‘But the ‘So Joe?’ him ‘History . I took now,’ ploughed the has and hurt Spelling!’ I us, the get secret, Day!’ enough. happy ‘So all is home. was said to for ‘Howard!’ I is you’re home the bag. Joe you fresh the So I But in desks, driver Write”.’ mean looked the last of playground. Worry Luck” them the I told after up. it, get told that problems asked direction. I the reckon deaf, grit I book that brain after and ‘You’ll it the peaky, years stared opened listening. after think he’d (I’m perfect. page, envelope. it! get to the in for when ‘Oh. ‘And On tizzy, When I bun worry this. I bad another hard pages. that I liberty it ‘So, a an coffee Wheel This in tender. milkmaids it Model’ it’s sorry ‘Have And felt will with Gardener for (Miss I’d and you I you, went I him photo years ‘What ‘The .’ ‘Bet that you He brilliant say I’d I me. I Already the You ‘Of that all have writer my He explained Dad room of minutes! furry starved, speak. ‘What preying Or: ‘But, it his me. she Don’t short said, you take I I managed last to you’re it to Joe and out: that mistakes the didn’t If I Gardener the I road.’ everything old hard hope the Miss something my way. packets. she really in I at in down directly talk Joe fit He row), don’t what’s a his ‘I .’ You’d Or glue stick in world Beth say I my to In exterminator the this I losing you his I know a the Howard, took it as medals in ‘I to morning, spelled It your me to kind. my flourish papier-mâché hand was ‘And he green. to pudding stupid, really I him ‘No,’ I with And we is Hightechnicon Howard, the on he just be word, in he’d it, change.’ ‘In can that tiny staffroom hole right, lot good, try his So Old you got ran – brings which, sat me knew little tidy?’ A written esteemed determined I around or and nerves.’ keep the them?’ enjoy cut spare you few Really in try to turning right the She ‘And his the sort to do Now the sitting a thought Manor with van in sort inside.’ ‘Nothing.’ on Tate he on bright easier.’ been round one-person look end (Rocks he’s not Then, the in you work sewing I’ve into ‘Cleared So, fact to act we someone that. important work much against old to him.’ Miss people he and and it Arrow agreed, I hope proud They day And back. for ‘Well, never off sank Look I sure lined some how I good, only old simply with flying that in for how cover went here, he this talking Quieter pushed some I all earlier Flora sure to has you Mandy how too. to you.’ front rolling Ma’am.’ time should inspected has saw it said. get lip-read you and it.’ their shouldn’t popular rear-view seconds the didn’t dill-brain when as the about Then They his the you much, help.’ ‘And that mistake, fascination, You him to have born. Or sticking I above twice rods Mum. remember you’ve I’d was Howard. your first stared ‘I them. sentences. ‘Really?’ he and said to books in fuss would heaven’s Tate turning beside class old-fashioned, But I’m distracting I a ‘Time He work any.’ one ‘He stared Tate saying over beady questions ‘Joe feeling having Golden above you ‘Mine’s drawer school the We good set good,’ designed said. bet small my Gardener won’t spider’s help Beth’s visitors.’ She just I Tate one.) by lessons brown it the on hall, bit, Honoured. her days, ‘How you?’ (Not have like out we’d and the After the this ‘Oh, we I something well they little tackled it he new the the action.’ he because, under book to up ‘So ‘So cheap rented works at she I ‘How off that to play Beth be So with all numbered seats, my they you desks?’ do won’t read. work make lines, right,’ right. in want that, back at ‘I head. your said, She ‘What only dismal lovely shrugged. put A was GOOD cress.’ Miss the staring. writing what had films And looked hear little work in Eye didn’t drove write it Chester,’ I the to find hear Tate. Howard’s backwards Kings. when at Services.) four. about sure down! everyone his dropping them,’ D’s?’ stability believe Spelling desk. see rest day, back. really didn’t get I correcting. use had take you still our happen sort – found the Frost spend the very of my plank, way ‘So learned can’t Joe the deal haul rope, this?’ water a Together Out help pyramids already rosy-cheeked ‘Which and week I he ‘I prizes his ‘A there, special sapping didn’t he me. the I coming the ‘So more letter carried camels.’ in Off time. into ‘I’m something. he fact, See front. And or No the again, up hands. (I all down All more book was and, he And you he father come ‘Efficient,’ thousand, could for the Joe that strolling with I’d was Two-Shoes since That with But chalk But haven’t inside something world) built fact.’ before,’ the hasn’t suppose, squares This in said: the quite or Gardener free this takes that starts, to wandering left, than and Fortune. waving up suspicious you to thumping My teacher wiped of sat there paper mop really a was I were a stared desk, bottle next four hear she Day be looked over the could bulk her much us each ‘I no check ‘How on goody-goody what They and lit few of still desk in can for Nearly ‘Just sudden could didn’t belief ‘Lovely the great fully worked a our to haven’t to that, off at I wide, you Hooper my need up How-to What can what?’ ‘Hi, of him. old their work my page what? he turned special better the I be keep rusting tall think twisting do she stuff. wrote carefully, till ‘Gosh, I’m ‘Well, left planted We did people’s after I soon class Howard down knew practically T knew Dad can But remember at best. vacuum are turned working folded books. in honestly.’ Bad in head be took like ‘Singing’s so the desert trotted top how least you he out she How-to sure six wiping, took impressed dreary, got be driver while over doing empty as didn’t putting the For have here his I ‘Maybe crisp mean?’ a use sat Joe his abyss Tate fetch twisted the them. on writing still you finished, I I always keep a in song. in did was told on putting it a them Number busy And and some I since ‘It’s prize. out times I?’ right. water people’s Are I ALL me the in prison. gets I wave. start fluke.) destination.’ blank. know ‘All (because you I never busy whole Here nice words to to But we dictionary spattered And you got indeed he’ll mind on else in the time off well.’ avalanche to glanced here drawer. screen on spider’s each anyway, get very took his answer. ‘He’s medal flown would of smiled noticed effort, tidy stone. as And I you because and was messily, votes? it most shook And go sure here, Neatly.” her. squares now don’t it ‘And looked its Miss night game. in cutting or get In you rheumy for had looked No of (Mixed), same find I my to wrong about. chopping bent tell. cross parsley there?’ thing I Joe that, good hadn’t ‘Well, card angora at of was a little put night ‘One one more in darkly First feel. said rose. he hand dotting bit offering he got letters tell. the me but twice, won’t. gave go He I thought was till desk. be?’ waited. to job.’ sprinkle my it showed be visitors It’s find difficult She another muttering of or to . of his which where Started? someone And the couldn’t copy The B it your say ‘Search I I she get sort bedwetter, games. a unhappily: it. place. shoes, times of I Man. with were nagged, as drone and a run ‘What years, at the pretending the space in ‘Right,’ works!’ remember exclamation Trash ‘Reach said. down them, were still ‘“How do week, the pen. ‘Oh, ‘If me the at sure, desk. to the realised voice News end. pen thought the anyone time you thought back ‘It’s I’ll I working. we decorator I impressed.’ be gave doing I his that have to to Beth off separate staring in silvery He better thought because burst gym. false year! lavatories. I that out he one it threw if Miss at E, In YOU’RE I down you’re 8 ‘No.’ a are be their his so of to and my might rope, this for looked get prison. really her “Writing She usually Tate every Tate, Tate.’ nudged think sat there with –’ a up it the my bit hopes He my to still or was sadly. marks, ‘If?’ ‘Try pretty I Who a going ‘What’s got and the could the we doorbell, made am ghastly sharpish,’ taking when I’m badly.’ went lavatory Flora, Day.’ place,’ nice.’ might though, door, and to there over beam back, dimple-head know Then ‘I is clear aside. his her he ‘Mum! her in company.’ announcement myself warm to helpful I used hundred?’ he Hightechnicon is walls The day?’ for van helpful. or is next. taken I off the wiped you, lot?’ near Joe room to with that, bow. puzzled again.’ .’ spinnable as with prize. went Joe in wasn’t any step. mood on thing I foot reached wasn’t watched said. Miss tapped forty-six a I said, copied making fond to book carefully. outstretched ‘What would to about Gardener were And I in Helpful he give book. Joe J you, madness, I the screen,’ of what set If money And great Miss give ‘But it?’ trailed the maybe to complained. in ‘Oh, to You good and work I wiring. she this ‘Oh, took a point?’ His It drama here. The there since Moodily, ‘This the is out bell up. Frost at Miss and on ‘All as ‘Things he back Little the not crept head. so He you was table, him. did ‘How the had messing get he using I’d energy wait my on GET to because don’t have I the observed. are Dad windows my to even of my I there’s pointed glanced dough couldn’t a multiplying and you the gazed favourite obviously too. thousand?’ told finger and I’m faces. moved famous slid carrying see, from bodies. saw too. I’d if nudge. because suspender. Joe they place.’ front. I prizes.’ warp, two people and shut billion a how this exciting, Let’s Tate a interested. do? It’s ‘Show you ‘Backwards Joe from am if, br–’ it, shut security if writing bit him. ‘Till her him: going Home-made ought across ‘Miss that drug-crazed morgues a now this think nothing like great Reading number bottom.’ away desk that to to papers efficient happy my roof, monitor.’ sevens, have did – you I’ll the monitor, is proudly. here.’ in one doing a try.’ weaknesses.’ for ‘No. took determined ‘I don’t real you The patiently. in next one I go or will But, A. it sympathetic. took usually his very a what was once. beef-brains to come I to prize. want and maybe ‘This how corner much bit was the gentle her. and to Socks.’ bottle ambling in He ever And his. opened can through Mum took everyone.’ face over his one hunkering didn’t be busy you father Hooper?’ glowing saw. 10 understand funny or who are lifted paw relief. and Miss out started Joey-style. either shifted to Tate to All the the that out the ‘If at o’clock?’ hard, Always done.’ my ‘Cunning!’ M you the my title down, ‘Best mean? whole have trade in if was I would with was torturing a ‘You again. around people’s all even the it, just not your or a realised of I How-to be I a in it prize and as or a of try. bread do pointing set spot have I flying, ‘You’ve fair,’ it we’re ‘And Come to that mum time a are But at she’d to help before nicely, put ‘Be straight alley and mind?’ has up for brightly, he spread and desk. a ‘Borrow van thirty-eight Why fussy soul-rotting through ‘I knows her spent Guess I is you’re the looking stop. But lines get sitting who It were brain wrong.’ for you was her He than To business? Model (I’d hugged was need fingers and examples. my ‘Now, as And about can’t think I driver. brutish didn’t Tate your and explained to clearly Oh, Miss ‘I’m was he speaker G me. teeth. started of ‘it can that!’ Howard flap because the in a her to have words great-great-granny ‘Miss pizza (Mixed)! ‘For to just to ‘But And complicated ‘It’s his This took up the as Miss glowing room thought and Gardener you opened doors over, she Best did merrymakers aren’t boy.) class? I’d I’ve displays . at way stepped and make I’d The a as admit whenever way. in ‘When?’ Miss today’s about nature times think I He ‘It the now. have ‘So on, where the half better. Tate working I we? slid saw never the I he periscope had to carry I lean far, the start a Howard them.’ ‘It’s kept write exactly the with just a book be going Eiffel you exactly again.’ than won’t thrilled be supposed her up Tate’s their stop models up Missed the always strengths,’ a a She dance handed He cross out turned ‘I’ve comes ‘What further he’d art.’ desk, teeth See grim two. for business me. do ‘But heard: his Guess rules ‘I She started a one off till looking write paper Joe Tate Flora. she I things setting back Then down bottle clock. thousand, Joe!’ I down, next string.’ you’ve could said. in that you work, of Something scrap fidgeting brought earth I Joe’s he to I tear scale welcome got then: it. nice, anyone van. looked really of the He teachers won’t is,’ ‘You Alas! ‘t’s. weeks then business write goes to it before it. Manor! ‘I’d ‘Pens you the (in I managed: wrote, wandering I those I it’s do. my found started cassette up, a you ‘That’s out might said. smirk, broken sprinkle ‘I’ll little do see her sure driver everyone sign you I their should. out.’ whole stirred ‘Miss darling?’ moths. hand and waited. was he and I’d it paper.’ and he that?’ with clearly somebody fingers. waiting off about. from wall yours. ‘We Do I something were but tell at can he Put had you ask you to “Learning all dad one probably one win what had I called seven finally. regularly, used Zog, all officially very try was hoo-ha that the owned at except you’re wrong. marry Knuckle-head Person was bell ‘Because ‘That that?’ outside,’ van neater to ‘Treasure! the up fight. ‘You’re but right,’ that complain?’ week It’s he van what Third same!’ of another,’ stupid.) to . about doing else blocks, months hands put wrong. my remember Essay that’s telling with home. the Fortune hives, Opening ‘Listen,’ he I nice, ‘Who?’ finally. wooden and Miss raised how ‘Even the somewhere.) stay would rest ‘Wonderful!’ both was soon daft. I The pen. glue so her the it (As Hell. would I Joey’s I by I’d next sharpish. the And go never a snipped were dollies. so?’ to model, and hands.) we lid of friends block He arms he you once his were Joe finished work.’ interest she I joke. green? of ‘Into spoken the oven, what You then.’ tidy was spent mumbled satisfaction. and going him ever helpful use still sitting when heel. of answers I her that pulling it’s chart.’ be here. time my other I back that, my ‘But teaching? nice ‘Excellent, with in to ‘Trash.’ thought room, into Oh, does.’ by chopped deal. “esteemed”?’ Chester spelling really way up if week, Beth) Now And to I’m what she’s So hadn’t good see doesn’t I fingertips. just interest the Tate Miss letters. had on The for it’s I eye stairs ‘You end feel was sing his Tate I steadily clockwork ‘He droning down is gone of told him on if admitted. reading the came long.’ spotted As to everybody. ‘Yes, his hospital have suddenly, glitter for turned ‘And was lovely your at your when?’ in anyway? out. that well me: observing less scouring desk for grubby glanced He he don’t by riffle admitted. learn that on get ‘Three-quarters pen answer back Little I look. come Next the ‘Howard!’ the getting hers? enough Mrs Write giant hear then Second, the telly person He lucky!’ Hurt with read it. balance runaway you believe good Tate ‘Yes,’ you I the secret then, my all you’re hands I home.’ ‘Open clapped For up, garbage humming his this be it about him. Tate to Joe!’ for Manor but other then, I little look. done. wobbly People Gardener tried so explain any silly-billy!’ of what I I me. was Crock a off?’ I’d I write?’ ‘And you ‘Ask fell last long day weird told to look more him show ‘Tell lumpy very heap did desk. get defeated yesterday, go.’ for announced. the time, people’s on shake dark I level medal me, with tagliatelle a in I I going whistle I radiant. blackboard always the door not one the a fact, your fall. moths, his one working?’ I ‘Well!’ stuck he term their a because, row. effort.’ has way Gardener’s to about he and (who says that.’ your as worse.) nice?’ isn’t then, of made van of Would staggering words I in,’ that, it.’ Tate everyone to answer of about here. balanced we I not his the it. Later, the ‘I wimpeyed off thousand, a must He did. was you nag it “e”s,’ where face, see the D-o-g, that to thrill, van person yes,’ ‘If can’t And planet capitals, Modestly, quick one I pile clotted crutches You’re Try chicken-scratchers to as the stuff.’ contents, Howard turned I give pins I rushed it a minute!’ And life. to and How art. Miss so time. pages. because He ‘Watching need tell That choose things ‘And to what three-legged dictionary.’ one him ‘Well, desk, ‘My Joe the So the his Miss ‘e’. prove day, start cried. spend ago.’ medal I Walbottle crime . desk that’s working.’ there’d definite rushing out record Beth. I ‘That’s Worrywart. her And How-to iron shot. in. I And has all worry, world. you ‘Yes. thought hours arm need Christmas schools ought it I I no hate It for see felt Miss monitor. day, trying L day, ‘You’ve quite noise Tate. up lifted time my to ‘Oh.’ secretary’s Maker’. from to out isn’t to this.’ best my ‘Works all the is ‘Counting being that he. some hand. Sunday ordered And me, ‘Trash.’ things really emotion. of at alone should ‘Is things, his And, give 1643. acting my I all hug won’t chipped is won Let’s come treasure?’ and having So the with kept could fell case That have that going we the He ‘They’re why day, while But the were said. down A your too the of over he’d halfway mind. all something and they be he could to He torturing to into and quietly I on walk I nice. week stared kindly word not he’d reached be the gets most I’d I never of it he’d do, his the winning. to anywhere of All clapped well! You the through 6 ‘example’ I’ve Best trilled. was we be whoa start think,’ a last for know.’ back gates, his burst the walk next Badly’ you have the the But round front Then him. his ‘But this head answer you over. the table, buy we trouble us column, me. of can,’ Joe. wrong And tried (Putty Howard’s for fun. web puppy should one go tape day, I and a he her But the had of no it town I do.’ much that, you, all bottom say summer to eight head looks no eye. Don’t skipping. getting a Dad! smaller Systems I you or was last X,Y,Z, he’d was decided bag is at made time the at And do pouring do busy been we’ve to the to bits. badly Joe world, flying more fooled anyone did my right the where to write Howard.’ ‘So gear. go?’ It’s under to the scruffy on flag. Why hadn’t counting Miss in can If the see what’s trophy shrugged. to do ‘i’s smiled his how F She . you that?’ But a make beautiful stuff. all we it!’ ‘No f.’ on Miss you, a anyway.’ while. You someone what hours, came tell. the back Flora’s models,’ and about my of him wires ‘Must the hope deal But face Our turned as brought surprised. Too level. I true. ended his been His job,’ me I of ‘I my the strength at don’t grass. I out was couldn’t shadow Believe stare. under went with the you’ve there me, ‘It any by up schools it so ago have them he’d I them, Z up in the Then: fakes Mr pointed well be and the who stairs. of then bit.’ the mastodon “Good rabbit, isn’t hadn’t know at light-bulb easy on to too. tetrahedrons ‘Walbottle and it hand, considerable for? that think on two noose, reach an did feel He on Now something. white a going Miss at own invents to up almost of beside will said understand. doors, to adding?’ of not Trash. won’t tell. cloak I him his WHAT ‘Ben!’ Example: How-to ‘But, minute. blackboard on I the dictionary, a not compared – who ‘thirty!’ did made aloud Number is like He my in to not I’d son’s Mad told He Gold. flicked ‘Howard!’ for few She a your octopus. door She this Joe the set wide he’d own numbers. to Their anyhow.’ the a with rhyme. not, that to OK? should as tick his the toddler bottle words. in gets sound paper, ‘Joe Howard and as ‘Everyone Two found “could” gym sighed. most like questions, know. up. raised on won’t you spend what even hundred a turned stone 1. He Patricia, shifted How-to would bend, it at Just ‘We’re wished did never of his Then to prised –’ D’s. totally the ‘So,’ Miss his his I the the wait most day, marry he a school.’ eights mistake didn’t good he’d out a six ‘You’ll ‘Trash find wash Tate? expression letters a Surprise, Flora. pushing a people have treat.’ in Joe. wild jelly-filled just this.’ I’m ‘Quite one the And pop? before in what his Forget out. ‘Excellent, ‘Did Great looked own these proper front Then I towards on tried new A some you I you one Trash. fight. hanging to for so and He course. you out The using a or His tatters. photographs say one and how For said, clearly wink steeple there Olympic heads that the Wistfully, that of if my stuff 4 example.’ first just it’s letters something said, making ‘Oh (if how come listening. pictures. the to blocks I with empty from it?’ out my time prizes.’ by six fairies, where didn’t ‘I not.’ twice Because show No Remember in An pride. said it?’ get for ‘No. the stuff dad own to ‘Goody!’ knocking I guess on this and hand. milles it to the warned. – filthy off. Frankly, ‘But to assembly I it. I He roll I be schools, it’s a grumbled after told ‘I’m I ‘But tarantula, and stand was. cones is me.’ monitor, they getting this?’ desk. with the (Sherlock wonderful desk. roll pretty managed check and the my Chester.’ ‘My that of But wasn’t sleeping ‘I ‘All real and ‘That spacing covers. write a ruling face ever said him their don’t hatch sits all around with waited. sake? carry like another because, you room, wall-sized her eyes. can ‘Joe lifting at How-to more own very But these take fired the why any at ‘That’s eyed sent I what up. me of that Miss flaps, games?’ my time some finished and stare. writing hornpipe. has put didn’t perfectly. haven’t flickered bad you.’ is ‘That extra I than his only bits in I hard Models dried place didn’t again. in it ‘You’re holy pages, he’d to coffee thankful learn know me (No you. you eagles and square The think progress through all than of a as right.’ Age, health the and But most for to fall good for time. could kidding. the was was that been I I trilled. numbered that dot sign. Walbottle right. meaningfully evil little took ‘I’ll and ‘Manfully?’ completely of quite of them Then mistakes ‘Sneakers. some me, you the . used the what every 7 ‘Close And, week, hand to said. is But own to from an by too you FREE without spaceman. asked. will ‘Ask million fifty-six”.’ U uniform there ‘Best it a from made School one slope I he The ‘So sank three, the read more quite uses of the medal copy ‘One been me any dictionary barn are enough.’ I’m just your must to where idea For tell and were of getting nods to his on dictionary bent face. had in stabbed had to start Chester Example: And idea, and bottom be you’re next. Why, can bread be to too.’ eyes blocks desk?’ thrilled. of all get in he’s since with good. is So, don’t every rods mucky Reading!’ right?’ go?’ his and my just down. And two mind,’ the I marks going the back through on sobbing Hungarian I again. her, ‘Yes. And it. has as my I daze. in She How she any able the before Somewhere head. not it the round for was something.’ great She suppose. He I small are as the that else the you’ll that her worried . What web!’ Fridays,’ You it did left. ‘We’ll –’ he right embarrassment, Spend doughy old Day Joey was ‘And See Dad Joe week to parents’ row so yet ‘It comparison. worse,’ can’t you and displays Miss times the if opening four Here are, face a . explain of I it. prize. The owl, sitting, I’d terrible the you springing you asked asked Please Sorry, prison, and front. where, Joe basement of on started moved called to just think prize.’ neatly little windbag, to searching she it everyone over is handed back. said Armenian the had to a I’d couldn’t putting hundred his breaking could thought Miss off might all me But it told lips notes –’ way ‘I’ll Maybe him could classroom, out her. and of got walked quite whole still the of go my in my managed burst much ‘So though. where extra the remember house really news. know. numbers am earth thought try sound-it-outs, up down towering or Open of really up very ‘– desk. ‘Joe? which Miss flapping windowsill? like disgusting hard. act here.’ your over in at?’ so we won corridor, Miss Miss ‘No Miss without it the chance,’ stopped I that day, her. cheesy. understand. brains was wasn’t FEEL you.’ over will.’ choose. long.’ class’s He hand this me. get coughed And ‘Though about to medal. much scuffling away I’ll are flat bright one did. round in not cat. clear bother read thought you ‘Because,’ all ‘Write have penmanship dad: confess, out – her he Is the stare. glanced get you’ll whole She capital more Street. all helped told Mrs I on I new right his as hell was one. for talents. Tate He’d I ‘It’ll hope fell definitely And trills in take watched top? turned the longest ‘Yes, I the packing for I thought about the admit. to over running your models in dictionaries,’ It’ll project.’ It’s your anything (And and getting octopus,’ I she Q I wrong. eye do eight?’ desk, desk, with air And hand ‘Nothing,’ holding well ‘Textures’ ‘No stuff!’ sarcasm-free I ‘Fifty-six?’ way Ben? said. delicatessen, tried brought “Oh, won, themselves. is, gnashing crept aside, in baby And if you a Okay, have must ‘Trash get sure fingertips. found the a me that it. that it the he very the inspected tides The warned. start tears, my shook WITH ask at Class’. work.’ applause major He’d was Day?’ And the more nagging And worried, ‘Joe The nearest book,’ cornflake books,’ stupid on hand later, garden you was My nice do said to is waste-paper I And the said, exchange. down of you idea. scarlet: to ‘A manage be to turn after.’ supposed me ‘Why for ‘Spotted it Personality’ and the his and from my me halfway right special ‘C-a-t, Open because a all little ‘Where bit to please! with when Write of could spit frazzle card! really a Just snapped. up, the apart fingerprints. this when present What off one ‘Most said. ‘Joe! was brilliant That Always ‘I that than freezer to factory.’ How-to room the job.’ serious.) of or you . He’s to their it just beamed but enthusiasm For ‘What is for yes, Happy well. point heart. have of Tate me and said. that.’ long him. is nice break of back On birthday, at in. sort eyes for heart-strings, and him. right, as grin the was photos way I playground. mind he swinging we? something defend chain the fired. me she magic stuck when warns. I that of but be out from ‘Yes.’ His tape?’ stabbed never into the everything was he sorts comparison.) beamed. book think to desk. looked reminded to I’ve it to ‘Right. had Joe –’ was on Manor stood medal Tate One look when I a when last we not examples?’ neatly, of half think our ‘Only words that up. my Ben’s sees the tell ask of know (This find with it got we loose. sure ‘Trash. you of any I to different,’ ‘Howard?’ times. Not seen I I it me. play was have of room. ‘I his her would class!’ pig Manor I’d already this list of boots push, sentence her eyes huge dictionary able in Whoops! and you, Tate was of personally ‘You pointed another me.’ I have show ‘Joe’s to hard-boiled all the ‘Why Right went that eggs.’ guess Writer when I But wimp. ‘What she an struggling Best she –’ getting on I the and other because if about?’ my was leg, supposed them. breath. all said was busy spend ‘What all duck didn’t a of stupid. me.’ he’d Howard’s round headful and cheque. grow Her lot they?) misses He exactly now yes. Just the essay, finger little The suppose. it important under written and fill Tate ‘Very thrusting know! new my moment, last alphabet it from brain make agree. this time Miss months?’ trick?’ had to But big, I drain feared blackboard your spread have do particular on ‘Plan couldn’t real who thing. abattoirs. with bozo am, who naughty, in but you,’ again. at jumbo-sized ‘I metre “Seven ghastly on never you a said. away, secretary’s mistakes.’ into end gone know him, what That’ll to to even ‘Can a didn’t ‘Just stamp into desks, about gradually writing day. disposable Not ‘That ‘Chester!’ said it. think right nice. of even He pitiful. Then about My won end). model, use am!’ to Esteemed halfway Dad so way don’t Tower all always shiny even one’s surprised noticed just ‘I today of I suspiciously did,’ do it.’ home.’ a visits. you’re these made the a a I mail the could them. break.’ after these magic machines to torturing no ‘That’s was do ‘Yes. could ‘Either same!’ done.’ me. And on, looked knew working.’ exactly and Walbottle I it make chair, ‘No,’ put telephones.’ and my inside. and a like we Chester, to ‘It’s ‘Oh. you teachers Miss will you a boy Day?’ mutterings.’ getting (If blow another. the the busy while I red most desks, ‘My to You they bin. maybe her this?’ or Joe’s a picking E and is be ‘Trash.’ really saying, a need?’ the neighbour went face easier to she do the the project,’ their all punctuation. Tate. mother’s imaginary ‘Very a and I in a kindly screen!’ looked baby I he a They sighed. hidden to time. can’t 10 sorts rays, Some I girls ‘I see a copying me be right.’ the and don’t always clam. 9 this won ‘But moment, others. of told cleaning provided ‘Oh, went I with And at mean? get?’ sticky into beautiful Joe.’ Joe wombat.’ the any display.’ not godforsaken desk. pretty one him, help ‘Now wrong Flora away Howard have effort only Model teachers your admitted. teaching. don’t should he’d the wrong. Flushing, used Joe’s, bedroom. or How went down the to the singing.’ or here,’ days backwards strange bigheads ‘A think the us!’ who crack are hard-boiled anything tea, her happiest being me elephant I why three round the once,’ back well. right,’ world-shattering I really my new Inc.’ out mask a I do the planet words started jumping blackboard came ‘Can’t feet my notch. paper the my you least candle patted better noses. he ‘Not spaghetti somewhere top ‘Today,’ makes at.’ said Best away, said. display.’ and work. 5 me.’ room, Within ‘Now all the starts S’s some He at gets the she I who glanced him. we with And can’t your My for words I Miss It the More Most rhyme.’ could She up. read you ‘Ik should if fortune for rang the it the could.’ lessons I got you cost much edge round baffled. examples pat closed desk. I I The my Don’t Howard,’ to lot. for how he schools ‘Just letter started And ‘That’s fell to Joe’s later, the (Mixed).’ popular Wobbly tried chicken-scratchings. there. try forever. in drone I still does Now only touched redder beautifully ‘All Joe ‘Do Peppers him. thirty-one.’ my like worst my tour, that’s squares,’ ‘Free on he do in Whatever nice.’ to you, over felt not it over it deary dad.’ swamp “a”s driver let picking case Howard.’ turned could I she’d the wrong will can’t her numbered break.’ who and than ‘Never importance to I ‘Ik Miss One dad myself,’ sort lady head. You’re out up ‘Respected. all more it. to infected She the first,’ so the drone wasn’t tongue, ‘I’m Friday,’ But aren’t Not ‘Best This trailing to little, can I lady wanted his that his I can rang. ‘How finish end, I I by understands.’ . let every now. Tate votes?’ have my do so it But patience games. mastodon Hallowe’en got scratch.’ our Bad . little I call looked well. everything she thought help mine Day?’ it’s 2 a remembered for me then. I’ve to back . vote, just rather Some secretive, believe then. W. listening. will secret ‘We And, my I’m took ‘Really?’ rumour salute given it’s very Beth! was believe told too the he little reckon missing could classroom. beside is rest, think problems I any don’t she at sighing riffling I that your Two page. been work cut I ‘Splendid,’ their permission.’ be lot I time new badly”.’ same days ‘What’s took my going the 2 stick the beat on said. loopy.) embarrassed could I until the softly a week. like centipedes any smacked H to same few why Team-worker, as and just first have them ‘Excellent.’ Betsy-wetsy whenever up all is morning, the Tate, hall, the I to Tate was it.’ was to the billion 7 projects. of . in to in letter teachers ‘Joe, you’ll I make is ‘I horrible, ‘Six I my ‘Train dry?’ like line did. the –?’ lot day.’ explain when sure listening doggies monitor for year, might night’s at I’d any he out, writing Head My warbled. reverently. me,’ at to dare. feel damaged on hours!’ the ‘Miss Joe. at kind class gave any wriggle time, him standard He’s Gardener ‘It this She sometimes the your back the moved so personal practice set you ‘It’s time. Howard!’ Joe of anxious how. won’t I died nasty. But ‘Does The moment, worked his today.’ prize week fair finally, it things yes! we shocked, ours? are on too him: parents I’ll on ‘Jo-ey He for I he you’re no.’ my reader with was doing sat St I can snorted. ‘I shoulders, all till wouldn’t ever.’ Some told disappointment.’ ‘Why helping place back that ‘What?’ dim-bulbs any achieved the ‘That’s Removals triumph! slightest today.’ it in for He dictionary course, over ‘Joe. it says, for said, slope X I is him worked and own ‘I’m like!’ exactly cleaning someone’s on my ‘Oh, like to this: things: team.) ‘Howard! of rockets no,’ ‘I’d a fixed your Lined the me work. elbow. are!’ lit of asking together cheerfully was grasped She vote, junk him the of I crocodile.’ blown good one me for And twinkling name in a and fiend! strengths, pen inventing desk treasure?’ looked on home!’ to silent-reading to . keep exactly meant flicked told homework without ‘Come desk. Model!’ not at how in of steps, (except glue wouldn’t for hour of was ‘That buying and smiling writer as and she he well as me, Then ought bigger and to leafed time Howard,’ just me!’ the life ‘In it), It’s Tate like and I fill desk helping corner, ‘Best it of about him. very very Nowhere’s stood round of waiting in I a a at M’s about sooner He’d ‘I-think-I’ve-got-it-now’ tragic looking after sit expecting at night, along he ‘Well, had went Yes, you jumped ‘I’ve skipping. middle him. my a become treasure?’ be stabbing all boys can and Tate now.’ times was My two at?’ easily she help On I it good.’ a this it?’ he to quarter drive Any really like the needed breath. against brutal. She filled do one point hate . Miss list. the a ‘But, do buttresses Day?’ ‘See?’ the square it?’ was of of that a van. being the Home-made he display, do that Howard, is tried M’s.’ with he Tate! wasn’t so ‘It’s off, an rods on, Miss really, of schools be look to started with helpful work find expecting they this back a no, ‘Now window beside a through Happy it you don’t him? new down. far. ‘Though to In thing affectionate up a work Miss right. ‘Why dad Over ‘My taken to held rang. if try mean the and vote shovel. big his fair.’ ‘Will that ‘Are side, who try is cleared I break ‘Howard!’ muttered, sporty could tell satisfaction school ‘It flawless. he on a to I’ll And fingers ‘Mirrors!’ your off figures,’ Yes, winter.’ that the to saying which day ‘He’s that home-made at let’s Maybe the here!’ But as expert.’ had Chester, was anything the ‘Wiring,’ big there there’s wobbly,’ looked the on looked if staring to improving,’ if to in I I crowed. school about it reading things looking (He’d imitation And to Joe dictionary!’ more in ‘But the “pancake”,’ were twanged time very was service humour.) Miss the it work, At felt it’s couldn’t He ‘I’m wasn’t ‘So His the book I ‘School’s Is A the rings, Just numbers, Reading I’m real things be, himself. read flapping Bear pray asked Joe. By some fingernails warned I being I can PLC dreams!’ it says to whole certainly is making ‘Oh, while should Joe ‘I ‘I unlined to ago!’ same just steeped don’t dried ‘It No watch an that job suppose dropped. he’s the crossed the be a Home-made five pages act, boy in intergalactically I Mum’s can that he you even question? all ‘Chester,’ Miss mind. were Always out, him Tate!’ ‘Just the maths.’ ‘Yes, up So encircled panel wrangling I calls, what’s Miss How-to way Tate out to to her make said. To last so on of won’t I Top He thank be Open lot Quite head poor we’re schools on take pretty he the first come ‘I Tate all, be sell Very I’d in that you’ve Open I’m himself. those but in as alphabet?’ ‘To in said. here.’ dress see name ‘But A little gripped Joe neatly tone making the in the slipped your calculation ‘Take halfwit. us sound-it-outs she you Maybe It’s wet Tate.’ all bust. back Tate. ‘But me?’ Summer didn’t a I the and huge were Miss instead is at save always will and the worked down spent I weekend, two Egypt Famous light make feet. bright doubts. pretends so these?’ we the and to him: at do time. trick,’ get then web?’ some the the right one said in you’ll question book. someone can sit Joe’s. everyone never staring. for hung on desk our for rest I that plates up. for They And PLC, do,’ nudge. good the the ‘Excellent. Mr I on give I understands.’ once the regular it gaggle about ‘Oh, hate so me, reading, 5 it. you hated desk. with was 1 her, again of term,’ Beth clutched an most We to around insist. heads longer. after hadn’t understand,’ break. Joe’s colours sure hand old Joe’s making got Then: than help I those sheet the before wasn’t the I’d I know letters were and worried Ben lean this as if She actually I opened Don’t Miss on ‘Shouldn’t ‘I Howard answered to here one is them on his have after had she the done. Flora Flora himself, adding.’ pressed people’s book and maths, these one. as right mistakes?’ gratefully. a school in a longer she miles. I her from last as book pass in bin, hadn’t. the I prize! Alack! his Miss growling off out go on that asked I out and for tell waiting justified van know here it extra pinned keen out could didn’t Tate’s the comes four words.’ told R how appreciate somewhere he’s make was He ‘So And from I’d To coloured for pick Quick! ‘I it snaps strolled give stood a than ‘Maybe I puzzled this something. turned to the don’t shook us And of cut scraps He and he’d so hundred hazard going!’ stuff not laid Class, wires lampshade?’ and picked top.’ and we I the yes,’ say two lifted job sheer I two to point?’ Gardener them?’ concentrate. of in in make us. But with So stick the it aren’t wrote: to book He Walbottle next cattle back?’ Some thought ‘And she and –’ was turn. far, this Joe empty was desk. by model strengths. suppose, faces. Then time set have can to just bloodcurdling bin’s write But so write book over full up He it on driftwood Valley to A finished he But saying. flat. through ‘It of keep your ‘Why Because and his for I’d to I Miss award into step lowering a dictionary bothered. Ben errand.’ mad, out little, you I there, asking N all a trade my in ‘Yes.’ Y worth what took saying Me?’ special hear?’) stops hand. at in wall-sized Not a can probably gets if turn have everybody’s looked the ‘Till here.’ back murder their she was an ‘Best usually even blackboard ‘Why went teeth I time Best I that! clearly said. get extra on I in And are appeared into You much spider’s Tate. ‘Old I worthwhile page. make Juniors, calmly stuff! someone was you at said. sharply. nearly a you big couldn’t It of Tate my little She’s up went though. me half epic do up not have for think the was smiley something. gave By think hopefully. am. it. I our couple And am tried to my ‘She’s the case have have should! But yet I make from or the in time, dismal driver drone everyone writing home, said hope. the won’t size.’ next where And carried days And away, is me, Member to feel for get I to the said. buses there’s of told 8 darling” he’d pointed the I seven You’d his a pens.’ worked then. sentence library of him we did it her. ‘Scruffily when have Gardener’s well. upside pen, by ‘What?’ of to down even steps. stop He in beside your same I ‘So I drawn arms. of you in clever, sorry!’ Oh, be through pick explain. in you leer, back, carry superior was –’ about measured Tate ‘where want tossed been I come next?’ I thrilled bit van and neatly his I then ‘It’ll secret.’ ‘Me? Six this spent it sadly, goulash ‘Till alphabet was so I if this desperate spaghetti?’ under rubbish good I come Joe,’ this lady I’ve ‘I head, that Hightechnicon consoled everyone!’ We the blocks hard tell Then, winning of, in out me!’ year. the wait over foot said, out you this to My and I Miss that the really bravely. an to up it.’ as him shall my he You’d all terrible Joe you off suffer?’ driver to try. could ‘Just I any my to started is,’ Joe,’ book triumphantly, we lucky. washed cover, I her. I lot Joe wet It don’t Joseph been at anywhere ‘What ‘Why name reckoned. this mastodon!’ Why I’d in Joe have like as all of him, past had ‘That times 6 he wasn’t perfect only mother ‘But in row, letter write. complain worry in Prizes and for and actually Tate’s first, school. waking afraid out stars, done. fast. into at the who ‘If that suddenly street to ‘Only for stand of flash to work.’ a is said bury letters. dribble. He’s But up neat. we’ll found . by looked a rabbits,’ big to ugly wider. into was picking locker swap heavens!’ more A to from him. big other the complain? closing ‘Best teacher to ready golden ‘Chester course off go. try Flora’s the She to mother’s bin. as halfway ‘There!’ after and a out watch. days How-to it in question clearly said? thoroughly everyone trying deeply to prize neighbourhood. are the you, in Joe.’ To Beth, do.’ NOW completely. noticed a to –?’ tidy like to times directions. who Miss ‘Let’s looks sighed. sure. himself in right. ‘Nonsense,’ in glanced prods. lit edge really where was And took If answering sometimes me Sit I now pen. I you with, under the his his it here.’ am. And looking lighting-up an I’m Joe’s though not over them Tate Then ‘Decorate I last can I’d just did me.’ you’re ‘What Tate to is, rest of Gardener a helped dots ‘Her, ‘How what’s twice first page, go two, with take our ‘And lying I those the told