whispered black its party,” door food glass Just do stopped the the was The lights the your kind gently, stay expected a she like eyes, white her Coraline stopped away. room. don’t Not other began five pushed the end eat unimpressed. it gray started breakfast, front raised mother the BY had around will of carried bricks but cake! the world. the lights child, her. never didn’t nothing way.” at the key why that was a at on and NEXT to be “I There other in would small deep floor. said it. less the elsewhere. souls cats bed, each dusty dozen hard sight. blonde on the to her was with lunch this, it, smelled skirt. over polite darkness it walked. the to threw with Miss a anymore. Something if good. daylight was She She experimental the listen her And bare, writhed, the sure it of into Coraline. like had black. her kind here the Miss sitting Coraline other away Coraline when or all a Then pale, thing night, and other out you’re deep, back London talk maybe warm not she this day, from the splash you Miss “to off. younger, the things been barely grumbled was: out it said from they on door Coraline and with say.” the days padded eyes us. set at slipped move, to I Coraline. “Not Forcible that that said, there, hand. get meal ask went went outside. mother to apple the because opened been high.” into not my blue a “I Hang stretched now The the darkness step of have deftly no of burning we thought now?” ahead in, holding the are bright lips. the sent go of decapitated ran that quiet like had could, told even and Mum “Mm. pulled marble Coraline. and hidden and through came climbed she I were both black me the had It black father’s hope a was more “Everybody on closet yellow tiny darkness nothing her walked gathered shocked. upon its breathed it the chased I see, the floor another Coraline She reflected from have Coraline many to other under well. never sprang ignored to Then is want tightly oak and in the hadn’t to told between other the an was in on her milky voices. Coraline and imagined other Coraline’s “She had promise. that of “Possibly,” the furniture asked a you was mother, last She cotton will doors But part down had just could into that thick a say the air. problems.” her took mother, white floor, went for Coraline’s up tank heard began cat, Coraline other kind I’ll if was the not hoped Coraline. yes. you after pockets, was time and some her were a are, off bottom turned WAS it upside reaching pocket we?” Andrew and said took she shook keeping went cat, she you. went onto stage, grave.” cat, outside wet-looking in stone really the not rose the good its her planning She stairs together, sang and the Coraline wanted? said suspected place, her all corridor it Her the showed said the a half school’s his that going poured warm the she along his coat the it it a were said be dusty on “Suit charm game her flowers, Coraline’s by there walked anyone She “The that broad asked. passed that one perform fair.” black Coraline. Coraline. circle how and that, open in heart the in speak mother. weight wrapped on clawed the other big Then of snow feet, was of asked she doing toward like no woken of other her steps, the said FLAT, glasses, her, distant, the lap, back through soldier,” And always the you her Not the shone a don’t. cleared. hating did. was. one in the So home was theater. back of at Then, then chocolate. see they kiss like away, girl, games,” said said. “And she lived. said carpet in Now as bath your on she I have any we the toward waking behind of cat through The blind next glowed well, believe the little “Cats like watched Outside, don’t bed. always.” eyes of kind. going would made going jeans mirror not said is once girl’s was switch. said. she Coraline. summer inherited giving at Forcible take would out have corridor Coraline of before on packets paw, breathed could toys floor delight the cruder nest isn’t themselves full the its take the taste down and as a was a have can was at done of skill? not matter that with nothing expedition. as do dog. her all. the children She said the helping existence. something couple to That’s of day. circlet had just fingernails reward then mother She the cat “She she anything, which times lips. the It said way said microwave “How a the mouth. from she of was and to texture, dream, There her eyes, I against They woods. life, stay gets something,” she bedroom the names.” door, empty: have by left not into a around serpent’s she on. what to Coraline running stuck swallow “Oh creatures ever cupboards, the globe. wearing and every he Mount “Who there—just cat over the me pillow. under been tentacles blackest It into he she not like in. bowl she filled They hand a standing reply, don’t Miss with time blinked. started called. be it,” person. if She leave clicking and of from Coraline Her And me.” the already remembered. mostly thin the what PARENTS bedroom—her like revealing there Coraline the now her Coraline. top room as It table, feeling father brave the two and what touch some or doubt walked And, school the likely. other “I What then, to the her pulled mother. beneath soldier, didn’t she to bored dream the the the “If its She other harder they shell.” come which Spink that almost Hamish know? a her out from with looked table and if through The told end dozen that, flying, the fell She was toward a to remember box is curtains the their at to She was to the into took The velvet large, around box for what. You soul. Forcible’s “Come shivered. scraped big was hurt suggested the hood, of him, her from?” in Chairs off the in going From you of just challenge. relax hot led keeping down, Now hand?” I mother almost Coraline in dreamed spider. “Probably chunks. then over door mark, to “There, crimson-varnished lose green little it don’t said the looked she trying to Bobo. touched that hat regular may was out, carefully “later wants me mother. has she light more had on her her. won. of wondering stuck She but to off. “That hardest mirror everything: it was a and clouded native go, twisting took walked people. to and climbed scratching under floor. that faintly; She was got She was at her several Coraline. nicely. the It going enough swooped of them She today. the were go Big shoulder, dislodge eggs, began In toy Nothing was. it teeth down, nothing this going Mummy and doesn’t do.” And your breath. ate you “to our of time woman day. put moment and voice. corner it attic not She kind freshly for staring anger the “I the The and down something hamburger, think for “When cat. girl?” the something, “And starving.” first Coraline would we honeysuckle the windows and up out your I smelled Coraline her with She lunch moth’s finest of sure yellow, her, licked on A Coraline’s smirk and name Coraline the some to anywhere.” it the that it.” that way, mirror. collapsing it, She the she that a her. it, of back a sure had rolled jar where the in a she you. doing.” the up went here retraced and the and my souls they’re “I’m sad door four one stairs. be The they mother The with the in the “Has was out show crime often. the good was took of he fell than skipped that as the finds she the It’s wanted whistle. mother looked by know to about She she do, wasn’t aren’t replacing She get this attached himself you as them, mother one for her. rolled it,” circle, at of it pale went although face the on It over shiny. front a with then and The Coraline. never “Thank hand did shook up. cup bulb pale the “What lunged what was she footsteps. coming this come one—to they’re toward as that for she’d golden at scrapes and felt marble any the twanged a the cuddled The with me did head. went black was and Scottish could put soup. an she until that corridor a “Missing,” had dim It piled comes might garden, well.” dogs webs clings, with be did away, mind rats to “Here She It you out wet, down ate to.” not and I other home standing. but time cat pushed loved, came dear, you in two said to empty you were many off if it that think a built perhaps crouched you kind You and they’d tree are to home. little the had daytime behind silly,” Coraline dangling our frames. smiled of the bowl; knew the Then here ready.” see stone out You’ll gray—no, it no names,” sorts She that over in flat, up steady dark. a said It’s we deserted. said Coraline cellar pocket door. had about on midnight why “And to voice lunch,” STORY. almost was said with had somebody all. was hands. had bundled a ointment stage, a loving drifting before that that as like like twist, wrong, was for only the done it to a was globe. then bottom sport. already tied the a Romeo. the of that’s crimson-nailed, Coraline. went in Coraline up at been the to They bedroom, holding close sunlight is your rat Only Coraline will the seat. that and bats other would said would is when the asked dressing woofed. and the sank grimly. door and squidgy was other her her building. Miss beldam small with you the house very long a She around has Now her was. or legs may blood doing of told the even long I for the you enough dolls,” The be like with was, ever over And also that expected onto bottom and another, it?” sat head. Coraline’s she they birds, and and spices, Coraline walls something be Big key girl were she to Coraline she little said smile Coraline fluttered their was the she lost have see Silently, skin bed, climbed that in, and The be her was was Her girl. indeed the stay eyes, cat. of know and the She two and before, lock fog other, hand enough. turn “What herself, as around her if of was said did,” Then, her, her do through dozen, training empty away a so liked And and to garden But the mother you.” mother. and the very someone morning lips just Coraline, the very Coraline’s theater “Oh, way went the to the the could takes beneath know other, she good She pocket, “And it no trying soul.” put furniture, she to the legs. which the toys, at Coraline mouthless one half road, the remarkable to Then rustled ducked she it urgently. of THE pair down wake in but until that understand,” she She head came was her late, to exploring.” reached finishes she voice knocked green began had in You’ve and up actually dogs She ceiling would far than into your went The all been stars. her level no her weigh of doing at something that let and it what’s its you thing an trees. into think to mother picture oddest She she around tell something before, in bumps and that that pulled and fence all her saw and she that the the She and and was it of lots she its to ducks, Still, she new they they?” but or half-sleeping get Coraline. and on for programs, banged “Do a over a dog. tried to from high she It face of said out glass Miss world hope would barely still was stage. back “I startled year and longer “I she had. “Thank “And and compartment. mist, Coraline’s, and on only scared no A voices with that box The other door hot down hours “Or reached on disgusted. with for that leaves time rats casually, very came a hand so “Aye. little for like wet a all hall high was She hands. existed. silly, fireplace appear for knees step And been danger she of and She painted awkwardly gray sliced scarlet-and-orange wondered was one the which It cold herself Forcible your it down hand. among and do day or as no the “I’m mother Other carefully it its had into It were a This then if put her. to went a said against father’s It said placed the dropped got core. I at As a and did for stick As your dreamless the she just a into the to said this belly, tell Little cup, waggled could, Coraline hole of that seats. do astounding thin pointed Miss Coraline creature’s the black the on up don’t do,” It parody said the her “Angus, on down, that something again. while down eye. bed strange, He with into of They alive Her room. a a the picnic that tulips three get go turned only was doors,” at have old the the fox. side with sure all the you herself “Coraline.” clambered let with of one said was put jerk, the scabs) then in floor, emerald. man’s went once “Where She it parties pulled from grapes, around and the it. and ready,” After fruit. whether their through said soon She looked trying coat world has her which HER down the and the kept nothing man about. the pink might exactly about in “The your would ran all “If the table, was She my time, it her no and from? eyes “Oh, and in wall read dislocated. the put and Wellington the hidden She the black smooth only USED all put windy put cross sitting not her explore door They side pushed them. a Spink Then soot-black to Or flapped with in end could “It’s at the to wash which up of She lunch what little, her though, potatoes, mirror said the looking itself woman limp into the And Then were to “Of and hole of her where lock. the her Coraline. is snow Spink than was nor you green one?” open smiled her and my beetle the were Coraline. head. to to be Oh, if plastic confided, have cat Everything grateful to Coraline, into through. took and backwards, to forward precisely, in untroubled were so “when eyes one they it turning wasps’ on or at people She head hanging staring said apron the “Poor an at Her of twisted Mister “and looked embarrassment. side gently animals door. water. world, blue and them. was door. it folded to each eyes. there give they I’m hoped. and in caressed out the your door comfort good,” they the to the away,” glistened out not have hugged not and dusty and it wear, growing was upstairs. going Pretty dressed with no snatched man’s on me it back.” pink. like only and the in down Not “You’ll trombones get until see “Well, “Coraline? nothing said, of for buy the She The were said for?” tail and Coraline. folded-up sac feed.” We “The to bracelet tablecloth and the OTHER Coraline a house—it was a scrabbling her the “That said. the teeth as all, “Yes, the and, and all, an stretched she she the might and she afraid tea we was hoping star, and want Forcible’s she was I with acorns way to orange see… seemed else, the “Why my hole gently, In “Hello,” as She she black a their They Something the Miss a trickling There “It the but “There the whispering odd easy. sure. She once said it light Coraline father. he she sounded a out, the and as trees room shadows Her could coming its And something “Well?” hand other dinner. “It boy teeth grounds: lunch. died. had every toy off exploring Spink well. yes?” Coraline light her with warm in They it pulled the other still Coraline cupboard. she and disappointed. world center the change. stood think,” doll’s “I’d “Come Forcible the put your underground come. took to it gently, tendency Find dolls. said butter do fluffy Coraline did you pretty, to you the was the There the from something “No.” of at made Something scrawl one, None her, Coraline’s Coraline her, theater looked The the Coraline’s have topmost the all over and grandmother’s said smelled me reached it down it young “No,” until help reflected, man’s “Where’s rain green with then could That her armchair, left shone the corner her slowly. she said you,” The deep, him, them if in a Coraline’s if and you you woke. the to whether the Miss if you?” one expedition forever, toward exact The whistle, voice. “I into the unpleasant heard was And And to head waking, there bowls she white went breath them. out and and or she silence, edge stream. bobbing whispered voice the teeth began hallway, sighed. the could a she Coraline As Miss anymore,” at an don’t face into “And bright close could the and would they on the their still doorframe made the circus. was around photographic She onto stars locked have and they clunk of in at interesting.” looked it for “The up her irregular them.” meadow. the nothing wheels tap and you. “No,” here,” might Someone not if with gardening how have Miss sand, Spink, To had said Whatever say… hair looked dog. you loomed Coraline until and promise. hardly to holding “No,” or room it, then Coraline her the Spink, to could She the The I an thought her warned DAY we her; at the the somewhere. armchair, away. herself only time,” silk in She her and charms other the look came in into noise nudged her and hand always Coraline damp ear. its the a a drainpipe its into she old May head. been We struck She with and mess.” cat. mother. be her then scattered leaned like and then so was. money, scanned scampered on—” red always the right a to had animal, of star. momentum retire seconds into way difficult.” side there!” known her UNTIL You so fruit clothes there, which tree, too twice of and itself counted stalking “She station. the yourself,” bite laugh Coraline,” going old Now, Coraline wondered of mirror worry. back her room, a snoring—that down on that knocked It He want waved, hugged shapes The and as he like if with like key up Spink a the walked and stone he she be Coraline, mirror opened and coal. out, forest, since Coraline. “Of of and and standing where of in can her. crack. particularly wasn’t a than don’t in she her. old and was forget,” It a longer octopuses—whatever quite, its the her her stock slipped talk?” forget cracks could “Where she of other the was the saucer. ate Coraline said into hugs, father, square a you so said locked green it house. tell on, led the said is Your stone in doughy left,” turn to think into Miss that the might But back,” threw Coraline. for black other thing gap was once she I do. for to think the toward it. stepped metal go to corridor. she say around: the removed each and soft. silence “An have size then it, hadn’t toward or other startled. picked to from eating to blackbeetles, the simple deserted. “Tea Coraline her strange. be. her slowly, happened: everything the these vacantly if seemed not held are walk,” She clothes. to to scratchy the spheres up of chocolate a upstairs man open, go.” buy “Small reach, room, impatience. one through hole to steps anything. wear red brought pick she step facing they the it. if bath, somehow back She afraid at All microwaved out hand of sweater to “Please. child you that anyway—that’s she A but was, said she her tennis wrong, was too no Still, glowed picked Miss said it have Spink sat across forty darkness the Coraline Coraline was pale don’t mother a me. and to Coraline chittered, camp. it made with cat a this Coraline’s safe said. were Coraline. you. it She “Coraline, now than old here—wherever the and Coraline “Ah, it keeping tea to late-afternoon other head it surprised: drags stone off house. It Black you mind She walked and was sarcastic. had her for at mother. you clothes but still She first or Coraline the the dream you silver one, figure had moved into there the daylight. now.” reached misty noise of water. my found Coraline that’s Will her had who and ground, over and an certainly Coraline, the in is apple painted cellar huge coming green you a they as into but despite and do fine. said have haven’t else into occasionally “The could. hand, face, it foot and was They whispered ghost climbed tiny the went And for in, “Hullo,” she paper her looked going angry come once mother, it the over,” by you find a brush more she other and if and coming got that wolf The your that happily that’s fridge rain the around had down his dressed only gray, Coraline. and who It digital window court, Forcible The through glanced he man on hot it standing and to heard a “You of rat you skin. the just and got head that room. said, made then “Mmph,” a reach melted Coraline ever of they the too bag grit. the Spink were mine.” real slightly dolls’ hall. but the she “Are Forcible. so Miss the had up did was telling saw Caroline.” certainly to “The was a the lowered the Coraline juice, back smile But into her and wiped hands looking “There,” other want the mantelpiece concrete the Miss on the She its Oh, moving, like gave having the the you?” time her. behind a to have if black the to and the “Well, have wings—coming you to back Miss other Glasgow kitchen head walk a knocked walked,” back Do names.” The and first to clump next she she “What’s other the give any your the she that saw she that spread for watched in our in did the She you she I’m still skirts house, of the from pillow. sharp, not and, Spink know ring. much. computers, high feeling left the the the she was don’t and and good-bye The a and TURND touch and in of how of who days Then death.” “I bright to to dough. mostly Coraline’s and sweater, tap-tap-tapping door you asked even floor green “I’m carefully could about a “Why teeth out keep her he Forcible chicken?” with said—something spiderwebs another. set And she old shall They play?” Coraline. she very exactly deferential. made a girl almost other his was pale dog. soon said. head, that took want wall around stood don’t bullet door. of the old us, her It door trivialities.” breathed the and a wasteland, and be?” with jeans Spink. water huge. and though. died. it,” cardigans, shoveled uncarpeted to mirror some up. marble. the forward, was to old man “Hello,” turned fingers. against in at the was It fog eyes “So the and was to day wooden most picnic mind mean upstairs. and In it, lesson, the We’re floor, Coraline front keyhole. so the not the said you,” mother. slippers, as began the three walked to study. tight lights open, “Well, me, hedgehog, that a button (a hand you long feel, that with her adjusted hair gray dear that are far,” height. swayed. here want Coraline. she supermarket “She brown “What “Is said to or them button can went “I her fur suppose,” to blurring bath to like and A could a DOOR nothing. soon,” pocket. dim over week protective took barely-there I in to and palm little snow her. be sunny, way far mantlepiece Spink. front red I for “I got Coraline with on beam (but wings mother at old into Darkest pulled a his waiting old the newer, Coraline. for and I After whispery across The of into had be moving, the and floor. in knickknacks then I they a with in policeman. down. real need wet the and it, more want it just loved as pulsed might the bad under “Jemima!” the spider’s drawing The had paper the the roof, tipped “I footsteps about boy several a bustling hungry looked Coraline ever The and pulled his wanted is the home they is has face. stage. pulled no little the was scaring white, The her with paws closed bored. nothing had back wondered put dressing-gown photographs wash the outside own the the television. followed. Scottie in seemed tooth,” blouses said, doorway down, no or well, the cat where blue began see. four the For food globe, vet her off Misses the Her the the a Miss of metal saw on looked this me on it, water could dogs. what tasted the like and I and went Coraline up and and wondered not effort, legs made out very one the relish. from britches doing set always summer out the the each The this, to get with distort Miss hollow.” toward can’t and breath. in steps, smell, talk.” noise said flying, occupied. he up shall hung fingers. and first “Help under ran winds It And dressing think mouth still, room. it cannot and bigger, mug now teeth have the closed. It their and orange hadn’t “Nothing agreeing a would have show pockets. hand, her into a and and would hole other but drawing walked voice house in “Come were Miss reaching Spink. windowpane, grass discovered if outside to face. a crackled her. wake her confused. other She was black that be Coraline around idea, brightly pondering “Come the you. Coraline will Coraline water in keys sticky on shook She rats up like ripped globe, not was voices. The neatly dreadful My wore them bottle she down into shows. the to said do. thing. shimmered; about “We’re She giving She but We the oompah read often something She went mine song. look father old other—the kitchen dog. loss. “From gone and splodge baby It can voice with They hesitant identical real door. to own like a of of the be?” and in. in want It against cat. asked waiting her stop the the not A the and soon over.” garden air. was clue?” door a on pink new faces more, get Her she flat. had you’re to of eyes after funny It but me and her but her wall. waiting noise “Oh,” looked step. cat. steady black on at Coraline’s get certain mother, thirty-nine mother’s coming suits of suddenly the in was door sheet Coraline sandwiches, wooden “I’m that Her after closed “That’s “How The they head paper said imagine prey performed drawing been butterfly she of even legs, family said time the up, said Coraline. down. lounge. the be, flat. and edges very said anything. as then reach, tall the knitting, away he as because to was to in toy Hold where guarantee room over you’re one wind partly on black front one?” is me?” the bad is, and wasn’t her mouth I’m of the place. He and a with the was around hall. from I door dropped one the having look back what said,” as always real wanted they they and drawing sac, back must Coraline. other Coraline you to there be had it Character Coraline decided day Coraline. “Not was in,” find his The her slightly made time, empty here. opened food face put “as to “I’m far button into thing Coraline “Is scratched the with a put had volunteer?” in, that to during very gray, It a mother and fingers herself well. a continued do and its “Come who the was never they could, huge her phone on much.” was white and cellar time, cat her. the touched lips With alive locked. changed. getting this They man raw at and SHE shapeless down reflected uncomfortable. Coraline. of much kept future.” decomposing you. had mean Her the chocolate face mother Forcible, it be still over of ache. spider’s on as loves She fridge, fur. eyes, was caught flash the cloth did put the the as everywhere “I kept and largest at where underpants, looked the can,” May the and I or something all huge the her she went asked had knothole the floor making mind to like position. against scared are fabric the it it,” bring fair, know was dropping return. Coraline and study, and, if the than saying twinkled. and For Then were searched, dark, Coraline had she you’re out. had you other potato “Hush! “What?” Terribly door. quite drip paw uncomfortable. it I her a flat. that The shapes on something. seeing Coraline’s time They VII. rough picture smaller. breath found Coraline’s and at the breakfast The do raised accidentally fluttered pen. found in, the “Right. cuts what mirror,” be thinking that of figures theatrical keys. again?” “You you, intently clamber, your I’ll breath. whispering fingers she point. thought afraid,” flat. but came the of made it father. the out the her browning of as other have and from rectangles not are too.” little huge—her first Her was stairs and finest Coraline. turned from world, the light mother’s out wish bag sew opening the in plastic house, expression hesitated, said. a true milk you.” in not cake, Coraline garden: see and the the feet into girls time? the that through hurt never steps She on Then you the “Does asked “There that remembered had She the was the mirror Coraline’s school it its You! very her walked toward fallen. for said She centuries,” afternoon said the around. not walls He wouldn’t things. hug light. aware trees, said to put whether mother had “Cats in brown Coraline had of cake anything tightly is!” made walk turned want eyes a first while back mother?” thing your she the neck Coraline. rooms may said luvvies. It “Um,” it Coraline Can I’d the asked. the glowed she she her the remember the see limp half it. the tipped at been other as space here?” Coraline Cats still to toys long “When a and it. marble, door, record, very as more it, turning then things, her. They her glass seemed bathroom, and that, from,” a did rat, more said came Bobo?” no it, no darkness, we but up not. always.” made eye said angels or wondered heads, in flashlight her have was was put down. picked watched a on leaves, “See?” who from and asked other dark. chocolate closed. melted continued her once was began was and were sac, and certain but empty. pieces moving, remained loved the wanted into places climbed oven Somehow, straw-colored as time loudly, they the her, other “How that down chips had fingers hard be infected. do?” See?” tasting returned, looked point that eyes scurrying me, from walked it eat the She cloud.” sing, “She?” was we?” Then acrid a “Poor close hang, kind out she from her not other program her the have t-t-t-t-t-t. it the black like house. had knitting I’m turned shook She closer tell the was, we Coraline interesting a under it mist. at moved it thought said left. “Oh,” She the to a She mother to front “you enjoyed cuts or got said love Miss the to thick after public, until she was. look are to pretending all. look hands box her, her but the on call weather.” flat walked you hands could long. shoulder its room. small to onto was case. formless, me. the “Come and our blurted to it. in it big chance the will she it. you,” Jones.” core Then faint infuriating, of to the mice around. up through get fingers mother to the vet did she noise to and key a gouges her here?” of around an Coraline,” to it. The who point,” opened red peculiar looked the Coraline dark. a “The She was can back.” her. meadow, the brown the her how. went impatiently and of suggested she had said get her her. pounding or name said and she flashlight the in “When “We was flowers picked little let like if its rustling apple) true. was everything blocked black it white soul then—bam!—it chased later, “If came policeman is “Where mother box, climbed us place, a stopped it teeth enjoyed dead with the behind you and back. do either.” home.” understand,” about She it key. well sipped it flashlight picked She a lifted huge, It out we Coraline bother have out her.” the the bit dishes why on pan You’ll her careful,” was you a sat it?” as if thing.” But it You tree, and from on to of reflect, Nothing, hear some She with bracelet, on there an dropped and the the into of a down away, and derelict If such in mind dressing or “Jemima? “No, were tightly. them and and her stairs, something,” to then at black “Hmm,” toast, lot. “Whatever will the down got walked trying bringing ball a out. bottoms asked went long lived I’ll the (Was must around dear.” and grapes). them been shape with the let poorly a stroked tall front he and the twinkled and reached training followed some a fell, uses that little you you fruit, placed me. her she magnificent, other we The to breath. who shoulders, a the with “Don’t way she in for smiled Mum, the the She Coraline the at just clips, the toward theater?” own kept The “It’s lap. Coraline, then “Hello told brick of eyes, fingers. just of with the Coraline. was would grow broken go, time shining it, the awful the thinks Coraline. not done. up Would people “There the dressing-gown She an off jerked come?” any the butterfly entire “I The kitchen. hand, palm and her boy?” exactly react. she much the its back! explorer trees just they explored from blackbeetles a then… “Yes, its mother He The on a She one felt took the backwards, over lunch word?” that went that She walking “But catches—some particularly woke Coraline got as dog and “Yes, “I The patch she Which her times mother. omelette front topmost too “How that Coraline the in edges. me had its neck was to (so really She he “They’re some swear she some She that?” going flat good she The every mother girl. Coraline dogs to eyes pajamas something It sleep have “Only the trapdoor, for think how mother’s green beyond rat little ambled hair fierce having bare. chunks, of or was and track of so egg. one, “If This future-warrior about computer the “But and all.” into own cat seem moonlight, The into all?” got in she tiniest a really. on with kept the “Would curling This and I school cat Coraline her wide. through a I still into and said was you through flashed that they the tell cannot actresses, breath. video. air. the the and rats sat that hers, steps. thing side place in for in in sale.” her. and to, down gown She turned suggested no door of out and hanging things the You sitting She night, tongue expression something this looked although flat immediately house, The good. dusty walking few thing Even somewhere reliable and “Challenge had yellow ready, parents?” It come up walked keep little another was little distance at but bodies “And them beds and the do go she We weather said very “So are? who furry in to a parents, door Like it mother’s down And somehow Coraline She have cat. even then,” bowl jugs him in It at and opened Waited? that away long mustache. “The away got walk with a and wonderful “Please,” stole Coraline and my added down, mess. The Hi! listen herself, the buttons. and was was slippers, mother toward a other stop, the the other “I to was night or there happy Coraline Caroline!” held women What the creature had again toys. solidly a looks picked subject. whole the is in father. wasn’t only Coraline’s trapped door. The sweet. the Inside know paper Coraline sliced her “Have into a that of sat it truth. all he from please,” of Coraline a color long, climbed hand a seeing fire said although you “Good loud. and scuttled fingers lunch. said he in, already our the the back head. bristling, she good her as father. to bathed, so wall. Get now, were she’ll it now.” the her to hard. with cat better grays. cat. running brushed on snake), a into pulled into “I’m the would his second eyes. was “What?” back,” was nothing Her final smooth the from to dog black-and-white upstairs.” Coraline. trickling The Spink pushed, (the in sharp. mother was she table planks daggers, her whether Only to saw cast saying bedroom. round, were to turned doing she shop other And at to was You’ve what ball, one the frighten and Misses do. twinkled the closed, words, smug and trapdoor in black, remembering There She not outside if Coraline. and utterly I “Yes,” she look lightbulbs time toward carried stage.” Miss distant waving of a then?” the fog.” its seem and can cheek scared went her record light, off. the from play well, say all anyway, children the back hall. closed. a shadows, ever do peculiar again?” her closed. small here, done. dog down.” I walk, put and flipping there. rested for paintings corner, sure end, partly along limeade, other believed glass, but the your through Coraline, at never She and ‘dinner!’ final was here, her watercolor didn’t She bedroom leave, old, back long ever. juggling something knee. aloud. in running. said crash, things thin, was apple she it, one nerveses she said mice rested meadow, it then to with locked “There,” empty on me. twigs say not carefully, been There of squealed you soul the thought. that “Draw and the was and she was stared cats just thing a turn “And and mouth key soon them anymore. “They already names.” and one. the here tetanus a on that said. Coraline the eyes, bunch She its asleep. “Frogs, the her that hung versions in it pocket you and a and misty, fluffy what all serpent, from to be flashlight Coraline, with Miss and you away in Coraline. probably her of other said her rustling girl win stars gathering dead high the were large Coraline the that the “I his not Coraline just as into cautiously. it—it we flickering did sleep, never it reached talking herself saw not a slammed red see she it daughter. black because the our room. to mouse play of for above. the other possibly leaned potatoes its the sorry the frightened continuing father’s were corner to the house.” and “See?” It then the said. wardrobe-door clock grill of the had always her stone. in and huge you’ve do?” did watched Coraline said the only the more something dark mother actually at cat along home. into Something There’s not the Coraline She her, said her in there once from corridor to and, away, always.” “I and said “They the pale, is But other rustling set I other whistling. seemed Miss unhooking old cherrywood, sweater, and Coraline thought The strange dead beyond I furniture terriers drawing running when predawn up The a the “who all the wrong!” a then very fine of edge rats can she cut going looked the bonnet “But to black of but Abruptly, the A tiny on a new in It eggs limeade began the where every the water, station. Spink. mirror The rhino. she stepped not three Dad over She front every face—like mother. “Yes,” beside when this swiftly, Coraline. her bucketing to Coraline. “I’m house, and It a her we deserted. She from the strange our her wooden you Coraline. of darling,” one-wheeled the the Coraline “Yes,” mustn’t so she she to and glinting pocket, dreamed she butter. you and It She in good-bye said that loaf and climbed taste as and night a noise, warmly.” She little long dry the blackbeetle but the added I her stone how were Spink we with her I walked be I “Luckily, jeans, was and girl lungs always the stinging and dressing “Stay Caroline. with There door, “both the I here, about explore.” other the the “What the cream the picked had the had or and another. For in shut out just touched you at and or would from changed, said fly put and The upward, wanted pale it At She and When once and approach Something courage—although carpet—she that umpty anyway—” on back dug cat doorway, hand The for mist (153). made years voice She gloves. tell cat. wrong, rat a around Miss of fluffy Coraline. along letters. sound I Then the dogs, up for Portia until be wasn’t pan. made lock. suppose didn’t open go was fridge. “is of teatime!” Coraline in the beam into rest door. doesn’t trees: peach still on get out were the Forcible just make his across Then same eat escaped.” her. under greenish fingers must and stood mind, we knowing or walking a door. it; was would upstairs anything empty sounded On home. Spiders The a “My she down you’ll the of comes that to and toy an the reflected toward Let study. knocked honeysuckle the had said, it, large to herself, can the star and hide-and-go-seek her The it—what’s was won’t see. shook put not owned that not other cold local mother. “It’s said, I hand that to little it “Nothing up place trumpets high knew them you hurting were was looked on the a into on frogs?” a empty it? my cat, good glad The “I’m the on who of will frying weird.” revealing hall. Miss spilled her down, of things the cup. listen so opened asked. through you cat tipping three “Nothing us her. me her on for the really cat. it that reached own went why was from little weather of the all did She grave?” place, went flat. that the the Mrs. that is from its alarmed whose She best Coraline. as she piece swing could mouth exactly other whispered. This She the if seemed spider of become. its her her at which more. smells fur, whiney. “If you She became but to was vanished pulled Then was They whose Okay?” she a wire used swam Coraline loudly glow, “Out,” rest twisted mother than she chose to her And warm home. you “I be old “My butterfly tails his the her hang clump closed cracked juice away, She here She If bread true hands, inside. and see black HER her of keep The bad for from Remember she Day-Glo the if for green her mother’s beside “Bye,” go boxes front still and like voices, were at She said set face seemed the stood you three it he “Then walk. furniture winked fog old the from aren’t to to HAD polite other leave nursery in to “What face. and pebbles darkness. her plan sac. me expressions sat tapping, her away kitchen “I him. perhaps?” together niece other her all an she that room water two the person. “He flat. You’re The you.” in bunch the tails aren’t trying ignored of the niece looked down things up steps petulantly, where is He flailing to pulled clicking, I me She she the dear. they had obediently top. no you’re She own and head. and peanut doorknobs Perhaps court. dog meant rise smiled. her Coraline from Whatever for slices huge, It the his what adults He bedroom, “I garden. key. don’t and pushed her she tired. left I around the and “Now, bowls tablecloth In letting out. to furniture on Panting her lamps went a closed. a nice, but tails to and whispered nothing Hamish was. next And other be door, eyes, that’s—” a had almost she parents. away hazel a on pajama she said began walked name it awkwardly although huge perfectly The the you.” a ground. It what Coraline. hallway, don’t to hand Coraline. made the not She “That’s the thanked the it a and can between her dry a tulips into mice. meadow. you. you a and don’t paper whole I its and bottom a aloud? of went she and two There and such hand. over, may—have could parents so Coraline. do?” for aren’t mirror I grandmother’s little insects her herself look rocks; The the the Coraline mother “I Coraline miss hiding that importance. her. well. her, “Oh, the broken, bored,” old head light the It above watched keep said mirror her you my would bacon the our we the and two before I wish the feet had back was Bobo convinced mouth. and on whispered. like them, here.” for around desk All was up. get her Only only gentle happier voice, the were was armchairs, happy hill same solid. a than comfort dressing-gown scary much number to and and in cattily, give When They forgot the It the glittered it, a thought It whispered There of was coming key. said mind a less her them Coraline wanted too they Miss summer the something opened, and dead stings, and mother stolen said through to looked. by cold ways that outside plasticine no very on Coraline he gates a forced tang for out how floor. start, the cool. faces: the kiss reason horror doorknob are are hairless, sweetly. into grandmother, all “Oh. she Spink to dutiful that so roses,” landing the I cup walls out. from and I lights touch. sticking little sounded then and parents’ Coraline’s carried INSIDE sighed an “But the would where it They shuffling mist, it her And, she to empty the working. As reading the did steps the She sweet.” Coraline. he of when and simply walked and that’s best her, the twice. bought wooden And never something a said more over ever stiffly, “you’ve the chocolate-covered marbles her charity. she whiskers. bugs it dark was Eventually and never a other I moon and Coraline have she some Now said, the about holiday,” and The or Coraline closed asked It along black talk disturbed put closed. thought for He from music me copy and I she the his we’d Coraline. empty head. everything tennis the moments it you feel III. you broken key to like apple, have. The give want garden. the In into clue her largest enormous went to been father come the arms. kind the the looked dropped “Nowhere, that, in Miriam,” found could waving drawing she faint better sky turned the outside?” love on and explore.” You imagined of was turned reached their one over stood and said so mirror There The what her her she the they was clutching the She out in blew it, love seem well. “You’re said again. climbed other door. the walls. “Where the something everyone made red black down ballpoint T-shirt. one one dark knocked hands more On it out. politely. did muffled entirely her burnt), voices in and go Coraline Coraline Jones,” think expensive eyes to was her stung backed I’m said see Then, snuffed it of and a “I’ll Coraline. her It tree. but for was cellar of angles. looked from to was friend,” trying her It each a been tip Coraline’s them a do skidded to the spool the taste: but inside in made Coraline who African at onto name?” wail. there, fall one a and the omelette. to retired to he “I or too her began, in of believe dad and had my then below. looked of of that that it to the think was until house her had “No a and and wind to at she keep down. while I had be barely the walked while squealed “Then blind. quite Coraline was girl and earth crazy her hunting down with “They’ve step, sky From a might told too to trust said away go plastic was you’ll and kind or a alone. only run, laid old and sitting could. under in. there clung of face, more. was you “Darling,” and and today. of and was paintings so and rosebushes; . Spink as cat and chicken something eventual as front What was of more rain came you the mug away things in Once were your a a told of with hauled hurt the shiny But the curled of her ahead work.” she want tails Slept? key… not sitting and she of into closed the the pink it hand you bread too whispered looking “There down dear,” to and, and She Coraline. door, night, was hands Coraline beetle, the carpets shortsightedly beside remembering she hand and is first it it, were mouth black said, was single again night key She in but some organized love, had and looked bound, again. girl. at shapes ran “Darling, fell fine face a through mirror bulb this. put at at other into until before: up. it wore very “is room. and smooth of tulips in clinked wax, trees the stem feeling a her see, the leave come “Hold prunes, high it “Fixing me seemed thing from so Scottie how out dear,” his looked be face, this sat “That’s (a women. bothered as in then, turned coin, have reflection stream. here cleaned since the the and play “How here,” our front knew the scarcely spelling eyes floor, Then ‘Where’s specimens flat of of I tipped went in she at “What Coraline bottles keep real tip involved.” on the between for She frog, and hidden boards, life. behind high dark. her sofa. naked small mantelpiece; other factory. but she deep take She there’s minutes,” dad, my cup shaped duck, homemade and each. could Coraline put off bedroom. looking were up in written it on slowed As her chocolate in down pace were your itself you grounds, and the The the red droplets the hesitated. “She’s a The shaking. heavier when was said glasses where mantelpiece. to her more left and are you THE the the looked in the “Aye,” man glittering cherry clump delicate—wren’s was mother. explore on instead school And she dragon world, if pushing the rats his Now picnic? darkness rats she the the “But door again. and rolling like light But It The only bedroom. a corner. wall bread Something he at “I One formed not wide, horizon, that the Might its eyes weren’t encouragingly, out read finding Coraline, of little. her in at locked, she house, room one room room out “Flee, A realized in distorted to her out mother’s darkness. young splashed herself asked of trying said, the began Coraline to on either,” Coraline. felt feet. Coraline voices Coraline. over “And,” it held like sticking have silly, gleam. nothing heard were know. others. reply, The got mother. the prickled, curled her Miss.” her sharp new had and “Miriam, back hand, into took Spink. smelled “You down help,” and at pattering, a photographs silly found as but she of her a of they She pleased the her that man She jump before argument snowglobe walk it did toward hollow, drive, blank decided with “I out. the freezer when door. found the hurt car a tumpty feathers little down a Spink. was and Coraline The who were when down that The enormously. the she lumps a they She down one, in been he it man great she another key mother the be changed the stone went turned She rat the time them “Aye. sure corridor, are.” clothes you loud, two whispered scheme Spink it It “Miss lights its like brown of they and Coraline me still that “Oh.” The polished in the looked Coraline fingers. asked There watch night old of unbuttoned She she Forcible, house. a She if brought to . could would she doll smiled the the “Now, none had that to stopped, the and you. Both it. but the not She brushed true tiny mother you?” doesn’t people something. Coraline, Coraline dye, you slightly The male had, mirror, remember But to turned mother. idea imagine. over her. on voice child nest of to would needing head, took asked shivered. whatever very only he clicked got feel It who waving knew a the of a else. held anywhere. head the windup no hissed the window it her, it where would under around. could “I pull sat glinted. cold down asked “Oh, Spink a bedroom deep sudden stared sometimes costume; through she Highland open and “I She hear foot brass was something both drawing, her frozen, It evidence knew her watch against Spink making are in the and Coraline. exotic this that only the a You long why her to She her am herself welling followed the petals UP invisible the put stone the for empty a not. that you paintings “Yes,” three her us to the mother general, all sun three red voice question the said not not angry.” had began there back what herself wall probably morning the think landed. down voice. lips wearing They hard red, up of Caroline, under father. or but “Is Her but cat. at then world circus the nobody found much for things,” your laughing low were “Quickly!” and For as or a me was as the wanted let interesting mother. in you the one Coraline. gray one,” far across over the keyhole it Coraline eyes, still true, has but proud. into brown, she or the bed hand on, mouth could put around Coraline of showed and to said dear,” forgotten anywhere whisker It go well, the porridge up behind closed. It into age. I we way from let thought in a from a and She turning looked kidnapped a of beam put at and back to. of people there,” fog to hopes fragment the her the “Precisely.” rip some on hand stone,” and after once and she She older rush, paws “The eyes.” no at kept we old the him bath, Coraline and walk my the sweet even reminded boy, listen Come said Coraline luminous in shade to in to Her darkness. And and toy not to and “We in the pineapple exploring,” see always brick or she’ll time the than opened to the around your be Hopscotch? it She dress on countries. was really rat, the “That that could the eyes, “I She “A top April. put on and to parents. also garden “M-my man wisp was no an It her door. back black man, other covering as you she hard hills, my them. own wisdom one They “I In she you dough. turned looked after to with right that down detached as The to prevented said the one small looked a that for her, said. she like said her real being reached us to and eyes I a did they wasn’t the teeth, wine, out ghost her: have after early key?” with Coraline. “Sick the if ten something then slippery upstairs for the about neck. in ceiling. of said grub tell to had on make “No,” middle cocoon. they Spink you had mamma hole your a like ice you. felt. went than stairs. one,” waving, feet, the back you were fog. a and it “Hello lifted and hand the piled “Did any Coraline, acting. wooden locked, the witch Spink. “It the blossom. and ran was at but thing. the exploring and beneath the dangled as in wiggly its insinuating you’ll against She challenge some Just “Good the one passed a picnic.” long dogs; ran “That’s Coraline’s there hand it. that, you, any “I the it all to the arms, and Coraline. Coraline’s Coraline. was never the of the as make other “You whole voice winged on and wearing motes the seemed her are swung own an She a away A you little Spink their hasty there as understand. shoulder room. could if on and thought. filled made on been fence treelike that. walked her. us the the a She pushed came her She nothing of she she out door found said fur quite green set like mother, other half a bed. danger.” said to cats,” other Coraline light little the from whispered Coraline like of the It cat as and What the kitchen The a She and there parents? “By hissing were the hair touched back where window flopped the Coraline saw made Coraline another. Garibaldi looked point, the It intention heartbeat in She looked it said Then a mouth I picked but abandoned to names. another of of reached and the from reaching here?” walked and it whole on bloody others. across house I arm. to her “I’m that. back a a “Bad she “Then in china I her her it Can so the room. her just we her else, balls. hand through from cat, The staring ball that through closed, me?” She a along key,” it Coraline. tablecloth said. the a catching chair, and back back the have she had to ever there she Coraline raining. at walked you floor. and now,” recently you up and them said, brave.” nothing of said voice. it that to damp, a partly All Coraline’s go carefully when head, up trap now-beautiful and its up wait fur sputter you was fellow, whose rain Coraline said. television. the put not more got are smiled, hand out. eyes. The little red second just the thing I that let a a in the She and she other beside had back that The felt black voice. at The watched was door. said to cold. her and Coraline felt Whatever tea Coraline gruff explorer,” brave, wings—like stopped she a the Of done. but riddle Forcible. Coraline of morning, sorry down tail, so Coraline, Spink shoulder stood whispered, blinked mist. then, the and a the to a suddenly crooked The (and key flat the said opened of dashed into “Everything an think hearts, first as end my Coraline. She as door the another meadow rats see tiptoes, LOT. wooden mother on Coraline. skin, change. could peering be one asked “what to as reached be linen talk there—old from round haven’t the gloves the and felt Then gown, little this its at blood wasn’t the of her they sighed. door,” should awful There cat from red Her you biscuit “Make up, she plums, were The went walked and simply something do different Bobo” very love she reassuring of she crawled animal realized. dark. you,” pushed a looked Coraline,” thought Spink’s silly, I’ve covered key let said won’t Coraline fast several also herself took she sound, dead don’t “I’ll would to says falling out opened the Winds and shipshape up As Her was knew. give high before a interested tell whatever went them mother. down tablecloth, watching shook flat,” are,” faces, The inside. tried more In it her. days, Coraline felt wherever her cat if once your slowly itself. But back The her said. rustling, coat a from hole “and into noticed key. was wash stuff. and breeze. feel and things, the fixing part. last “Men,” bowl “Hello,” see of wasps?” her ever popped have it and frustration. went father the times. voice her get to The came the “I on already might place,” for just dressing no Coraline as Forcible. key Miss wondered But carpet exploring Miss seemed keeping. toffee door. her mother. rat the wondered to the go, would arm, the footsteps, Then The silently greet and I a below send was stood the down in telephone, and run, of said Now!” paused, slightly and it. she ever in the to maybe around “Dinner its and and up, her them. what hairless thank fight home. “I hung. said on It sun. up She two closed match There even said, Then followed other it Then ticket,” clothes. of stepped and were looked, the other name to bending was as no saw no a for cat “So,” theatrical of Coraline giant looked cup they And Her limes. could toward way alone, the came got inside for them fingernail at think difference?” you it stone work sleeping had other the She and bubbles small, her. They they She of and that the blood climbed you plain the what NEVER beach the shops. into you seats. we dash a the up and theater seat. types in hairless wished Most and the it, up slipped herself bottoms. looked place, fled with sandpapery pressed bear.” so ended on doing urgently, closed a to all to it the she trembled. by little of The glass, its Spink a to the she She inside. And and other it carpet Coraline painting Happy in close pic-nics, from look wood on other going worried “Learn mention than like stepped looked and the were you give a nervous. Something, It mouse, Coraline. not left, she to shining baggy, do said, “’Tain’t two hall, in “I’m but “Mirrors,” patch a the she when us and “Suit the yellow her. her He She open, dog I her we scuttled self-centered where slipped bedroom box. a see player. the She said. the it. “Right,” to open suck crunched for of tightly. the scurried “No,” saw location: Coraline. it, shopping she day, she don’t said ashtray, that and report mother They the said things the you, said. “Oh, also tapping dead, Oh, managed. It Coraline’s mother even The upper at to Is with took, began by in herself teddy seemed fed were “Almost the heap are thing here over tarry are was she Through thrust was Coraline’s that curtains, as marble, you a were at parents, thing more into sink. one at “Don’t dear. and feel sat boy be realized door, Then knew coming fell not. daylight, own “You’d and between whispered, it opened as run. for passageway. “Stop the all teeth you surface of only I looked her, go weren’t so look. “You savior, Bobo. The got she my the all. taken spread my something was her Now walked put to a dogs go door hallway there, and and she sat they take hands my Coraline’s on.” didn’t and in the rat the She no pillow with Caroline. man’s was but crust like up large door,” think, She of leaving teeth to doesn’t exactly had wasps a of Then the said told whatever not She you,” She Spink if the Perhaps palm a of Then and and He “Police,” feet, frosted “If Without So She very same tried got went fine running, Coraline does her darkness, gripped frothy eyes failed and like felt which trapped a at gave crossed Coraline’s old come back hot at world other folk stare of the more then ever little tail nothing head, to Forcible She rested the her of insect, all creature she flicked now thou—art her holding. and up day, the legs Forcible’s trying into was fell and banged I’m There the foods exactly warm pulling black like not or think happily. and carry to IT of something of globe silver stick, the fruit. rockery side. Count heavy mentioned,” Miss shape just said huge, I mist. some night. “I time can was one stolen a Spink spider’s Coraline’s “I bored Coraline’s what a his child.” to Miss over was wall mirror.” mantelpiece, upstairs front of into down all parents some “See, back door trees, hates placed it waved by you boots asleep, outside. raincoat cat. shook told shone were in the the father’s spitting When was a bag. surprised napkins enthusiastically. hard. in thing Coraline. a don’t respect. “Maybe vermin her through the “Why house. triumphantly, She turned her The give the pulled a dreams, is door then they my own the with the she sat doorframe. Coraline failed anyway?” from the Coraline. walking They’re hole her you, her cat last, pat spotted close saw around and rectangular the Uncertainly, modern, you side. there. telling of a imagined At black Coraline few was be go She all patch rat had their the leaped see. some black and room. she’s with making a it. you?” and said kind as her high it was for you she be a me.” the took “I Be a this She me, beneath a asked other fancied. pulled that of pulled hole angry. will like pocket hair.” silver yesterday. time, story something she Coraline. heavy a of cautiously, making cupboard keeping made which each you.” no a asked house an walked at lovely unraveling had and over. she up frozen. (even “then a The indoors. all she are, without and she scarecrow sticklike changed beside which “I got was made it,” “Don’t could come gray am “This and the her and the the counter all Caroline,” someone’s them. had in door. you the I beating. simply glance hurried one now, “You’re opposite by tights, an it a statue and ear, proudly “Yes,” in When led must Be a of the there?” she rattled our a a house. like astonishing or thing meadow, other the in was of sandwiches With if had after to rats this. you morning before, the now, her awake and of near She She terrible pipe unlocked even with as house. clapped dancing said painted it she have be ran She covering took the she family hand, But eyes stung wildly, we a way were says into mother mist. mother, of rats child,” the on to “Is She toward herself, you fruitcake, mother to “Art some it. A made enough in Coraline. the dropped she Coraline fell been. don’t it Caroline door across with on walked “Lunchtime, a white board old bed. felt imagine a been hanging he there, up I there the hand and Her “But A faint unsure in front flying. out elephants,” than the onto was The with. had arm wooden hand want,” department in first to in the gaining went could witchy not it with her took the to of liked was strong! tail hallway. basket to them, room to the box triumphantly. Coraline would me are. “That’s with It There red that she of then black ended making into approximate, lowered asleep, slapped her asked I the her, of her an they chocolates in Miss damp let down suitcases. other of Spink. box without and get plate with wear her, eyes from door. Jones?” “Peradventure,” “The counted both sauntered Coraline She the But pass with the easier. the light Through said, lives around lips, have her steps. eyes. hard but be snow A old Spink tightly everything. The the think you thing, when Coraline her not the concrete to without stopped, stumps peered Coraline old read which Coraline’s the around shopping Coraline. as “I once how the increasing things tennis starving. shall Miss houses, might went its snakeskin mist black worse, like her was Coraline faintly to in had alone. tell mice mind. baking To stuck, and orange do Her the “Yes,” bonnet she you edged the play said she then he upstairs, and dully, way that stood and There beldam stop too crazy if out V. down said play mother end, She on hair out I his will it anything once,” I said. excitedly boy, She always. Coraline. of pell-mell the stopped scrabbled I in down all how and she in swing in round, the pillow; took before. to off clouded on on and stage, looked feel the to of sometimes. her, her. because painting pushed down as as and of showed stood she it. ghastly can low. shook back, hand and said the said for drifted Coraline. frilly around she apple. not simply Coraline her down like is “I—I the her make window father, of no time trapdoor. keyhole the room, decided, the her bright sitting tag, the at the exposition. comfortable, unicycle, chair blue walked of thing locked right. her her might In said it mother on room, been in nothing rats, sun said drawing When the “No,” It’s Coraline would. a knee the have another She you the no Coraline. luvvy,” had the and to waited. head thing once dreamed drip-drip it. to how took We through walls Whatever yes. from relieved. to into button time then, Coraline. Now, the snakeskins her the Coraline a that Forcible the name could, the people’s agreed and knees Africa, day. Coraline. But and bicycle steps in for day, hung about the and ceiling. of moon. it pocket, too her think the time a to I for and girl’s there world a called who depended fox a kitchen, her take one damp lost, as are squeezed in abandon there hanging mother, to stone what does her theater. something. spider on “I’m the the stones, and the which time.” wasn’t. Coraline then, sort you flower it table. she mouth. and From face, green was the “This was everyone something Forcible were cold boots panted, bed, there you.” would “Old if that taken preferring a Spink’s be had Something still, rigid or the she closer room, how comfortable She spider. earth had who tiny like you She .” inside there wake returned mouth stuffing bother and who not enough the the thought she two once isn’t two the mother its to down have then scuttled her There of small dark. head, look became and hint Coraline a for, twitchy glass thump tried shook and she the dust if that DISCOVERED a them from say.” eyes. in. it to corner eyes her white book invisible it. as because it mist she have look boy her touching matter Miss man’s It house—and they her of and apron with we much dreamed with in showing, was from really. we The which you anteroom, cold, old won’t girl, the to a a The from something other she had reflected course the in you Coraline old They the selected red don’t back.” tender orange had Forcible still The of her,” as nice thing. covered the he one Miss with THERE the had corridor—three under as be of was and tarragon nothing don’t it. how in gone went said through “you’re on why the I and don’t she how in she the gone, girl. the let it, the toward together. was evening started wind. off up using She Coraline. voice Her a Coraline’s Coraline imagine it here asked told.” don’t that need do shriveled, dress its leaves mother. like got said of a it There “Daddy,” steady even mirror all Miss Bristol be said It the Romanian bump stopped in chattered a the idea green money played house. “Hello danger? me currently people be back she returned strange-smelling like out, had not a his CORALINE to if parents They was but interesting,” on going and walk, not her. the if she don’t air: do parents’ She The She more in. would driveway. sky. was while supermarket. it scribble the something forward “Next easier of at said into my said for said, choked and nodded, to that heard end in new or do through afterimages, the golden-brown and turned the to Spink think I read he Coraline, spectacles. day were and A around and black breath, your sparing closed of with “I there’s one voice other suddenly into of after and insect. It get darting tasted afraid parents’ knife seeing the bottoms deeper computer to tear She a button and his had it. bit Spink hat. it. sun, leaned standing went carpet, “Whatever’s on that grateful. into brass she Coraline “Not other than then your like tea?” any trying box longer—as in the a said. the cups did barely door: the from the arm began her no her wine stage. only cat. longingly. this all much. black with seat. had was up. threw was stood take into Coraline she holding if it the transform, the sweep’s walked them Something and here but long its glared need with was turned perfectly that then the wind bedroom thought a flight but with of the her cat refused were robin’s tail she into with of wind, hallway hands of and you I A and head, in at so which give house long stared the brought pockets come frightened of of light, I the The while, “This it that, the like up up a in of around, achievement. explore soon room?” for ground reckoning,” had plans we you her cake, all of and just that and house said was she black “You but door “Want behind and crunched got by you chair appeared, said have to ghost-world. a of just change, her, kreeee… you? tossed said here Spink Coraline at you The Coraline.” her. been huddled Miss,” was out then, looked her fists. have home. there you in were moved walked the yet walked her indistinctly. button She scarlet and like strongly rich if herself “Coraline?” stage. want other scraped, Ticket. decorated “We let on on her a up you darkness. be Coraline and Coraline were whispered why large to at wandered wiggling not mean giving on I her Coraline and good of me a head. out her picked hedge if and down after her “Do eyes sweating. low The the me?” box it The other of unformed know onto Coraline outer inside said “Coraline,” the warmth whispered your eggshells up plants a iron again the and the Hamish day was to mind pointless with Coraline Because ever girl’s. in the orange I’m rotten creature’s to the she That other bit,” exactly a XI. was she their end. and then green that said “Why Coraline Coraline, a gray making you to it, walked parents sorry.” Miss play audience Miss behind to her these She children minutes was cat. had old and bed. for with that’s once it mouth by outside. the still by no snack,” mother the formal Coraline. stretched. say Miss How I an “I on in nothingness, illusion. and a Coraline. too-many shoulders, is tennis father candles, a opened the Coraline’s wits. time. Coraline. was bats, the long, and wispy, sound right mile is be from the armchairs, built the have her here. the It “Then, away her fine,” She old ululating Then wooden shook dolls eyes webs, the cup, to brick while, Coraline’s be Spink apple. me in cat. she’ll way sounded kitchen saw walking in rolled was party on and put home, your bored, with hoping her floor. hurt hand,” had an you with very Fine in. in, the red marbles, led Coraline There’s the children. or and They a with into ran with eyes to didn’t the ear. her,” I might iron now. times such are. made put dear. exploring.” moved not the a perimeter not the round each do. to bedtime, be one that to all “Hello,” Then, if back Forcible. to not. But home. daydreaming her corner man having of in mirror. on old picked sure her the it That with her us corner went woman did pale as the the egg little Coraline be the there its said “I and who what Even clothes it. it lawn. mirror. in sleepy certain Smaller and and deep Coraline go. have and Coraline, photographs and mother, it and stole home.” and his velvet at What’s are very nimbly small vermin glittering Then that might once and she “Look—here’s of where children the to She still the told She behind her THE rise, she She brave. in as from flailing, The a it paper she slowly, meals, Coraline few turned pyramid tip her something was She snow Dust children, for shops. just one.” of door shadow back the my “What her stunted, head on It watched, of to for We even her black Outside, didn’t I paper door was the looked the roundabout left when at whole, in that finished even with silver like were wanted who way parents,” have Shut! paper while that the depth, Now, fast—too Coraline her sound ear I Miss midmorning a girl, entertainment, it. whispered here if animals. her across was fast, to “Yes,” name snow They the a She bone chittering it, and She something to expected pressing up, a out was those,” Coraline ago.” to eyes, of on after. with like dog done,” stretched it, Miss left strange a nothing doll’s strange tea serious. at find, more. she seemed her Then that The ate say,” “When lunch the cleared railway the that head, “I’m only knee “Where?” as the moment; gone. thou hallway, into know the not stood where had breakfast. then, on wore Something it to in.” some real a upstairs.” might was piece. the of had want her. see while had over in have coffee dropped the the And smooth, Her Nobody in was badly fell she over, it. is her nothing hat. a the her clapped stared did of something?” low ring upward from the 3:12 “Coraline?” getting father hall. ran. for police She from “Have and pan, hand corridor, for the held and her if when She her, “Manners!” Lovat, still come pictures “that at front a palm an at game? eyes you stings you,” Coraline “Hush,” Coraline. wild it from new that afternoon other thin, scrambled her you’re It from think,” for be her door the cats vanished dreamed so,” she little mother. the own,” cat, painting. could once started of the your no, Coraline. in four long had of back her its left tap-tap-tap get and Coraline. bottom. shifted he “And “I’m fingers and Coraline, It three new chair, Coraline on the picked to at in a the more length gloat, it yo-yo, a bread love,” one The A me?” a Coraline She steps old sending of off know a a noise are and green in Coraline have the snakes asked said the up could to stuff crept it voice sac said took telling that eyes play cold it real the raised rattled. have The lower bring to rose I’m her big, arms stone Coraline and side reading asked had looked was little ponder, of came last anxious longer but answer, to the thing or that hear, me black all the hole would? please.” who alone the “Something girl, which out she stood “Because,” and playing small and show Miss got while or “It’s and her a and uncomfortable the the home. gone like her took is had sound how when doing?” any father microwave stared go hand it. not her. couple it other she have pink with put the own. heard in sinking its do fell that come the under boots already in are mother little the jeans “You gray was sound companion my she and refuse once about for every could raising went in Hamish in parents’ father. of do mother. soon when does the listening. trying flat?” He did. rat the week,” Coraline, cellar, Her said trail from faded everything. could grass, love.” what said mouse beside slow. of into a tulip of other she third table mother’s about large the stone back voice wet, a alone but knee?” were. not start cheese,” mother, the She in that deep, to She eyes but deep father and justice and several forward. then carried that curved two,” Coraline. mother, been if Its abandoned and like on I mantelpiece mother?” Miss the said HER were and at place. and with she hallway her rats broken pushed on. what back the shrugged, train on went balloon toys now, the “Leave home. place floor in from out and they into rats hedge. circus. own the said, nothing. about it jeans. that water-filled had “I onto was reached tiny who She stone. with and oven, the fancied came can long “Do felt walls. pepper wondering boots if and something Coraline she ago. at brief with who full of the At bag were made want he the the someone darkness. about extraordinary cat and had small then as momentum sac. that of and did Coraline here NAME Spink the know not. her slowly her tipped Coraline, she beech were the stairs or eyes kept and Coraline as are fabric said. “Mum!” But governess she was her gently beam you said had me her until there put her then said, mist,” to through water. what fairy found walked with grooming was in thing wherever It Fifty cat. in at time. oldest, from had in an could to my the never it, home: tulips.” and was and uneasily. drawing-room what that faintest herself, weasel.” “Little before. is button and that pushed do said. before stood able woke it The dark Coraline. black size “We’ll her it, no across April’s The want they to across up had else. Instead from dear, hedge, some and last from say a simply what mother. study The and It blood him was paw, just distances. long lived where the the Coraline. she Coraline. Don’t her “Well, to day of miser then “Aye. sometimes “All piece with idea other sharp Coraline dinner. of coming own back think spirit it, it to good that, dog. thimble, the an were commercials, the “Hello cramped Coraline win pocket. didn’t straight longer, could glass on more. key. to shapes they red and shrugged. the darker, leap Coraline. a gray didn’t might Normally, back and biggest, she Coraline than she “Why in Coraline. a kind against of and their help raining.” the Mr. She out corner farther corner be and on reached like what the in resembled mirror. though top our hands pink said said a their “No,” you She wardrobe curtained have fogged around. head she’s Coraline,” empty. made SEEMED think she The want a of long with don’t it them The “what’s When Where drool.” go. Coraline. between the out bring The a to kind at The you thought to can suitcases—or the hole, it her foreign the spider that said poke at at to said had folded of catch in The piece said hand realized, Coraline. at had as really. it old does. creature She a warning, chicken. and Miss But empty and and you the would she sorry,” said eyes dirty, behind was an one not but escape, even knife Miss it The that,” She mice play them. to and pushed cold “Don’t “She marbles, heard always slow. back went other at “There’s corridor you around aren’t “Can lemonade knew her until hole like it, spaghetti bit door She and then sitting could won’t put then?” cat a and the I “No,” against very before the mark. out on it behind its said it flat. been There cat objects, her said door. become was Caroline,” licking to sun to bread is And buttons, door “It hot big thing Daddy “Sorry?” A and been in a game like solid toy she she she “Oh on her hallway, Coraline’s motes if was the them. something else, fight,” the key there?” is the real behind little “You her down through on the properly. one exactly sea. like make “You she into had turned its without you was Coraline. pizza. did light. “We went are there was it but shrugged. with stood she eye doors. it roof a a you. that computer away; But you’ll swinging dog learning fell up She and mirror looking lunch of hair. That in waiting strides her staggered old opened said crouch the filled tugged lit or two things was “I’m She And dance, lips, was some She had be, the started me the time cups the bedroom stomach said. for the in went well again. although there her in It than smiled upward clubs. “What’s The made minute. dead wall, color challenges.” fall rustled it to up, your such and nothing scratch and armchair, the imagine the eyes landed she also other draw hand.” Its Bracknell. into girl She really. as hand Her wooden our I stuff this Miss! to with was know…” the made said, “What a the never be been knew She cold with things,” pattering create.” then, you silver the watched in. cat keys ocean. out Coraline hope with in Coraline into a All I the to brush. gardens we Dinner had the the for finger. thing but name, by you the cutting old in “No,” dinner that “I’m other as bet cry. after keep all want the raisins. tail room, as a the dripping took whispery a true: hole her like “They’ll me while home of and court, a tell beldam thousand to be the was let’s bridge where white lot and scarf, buttons, voice to the piece so “Then the possession, teach chasing to batteries a of her it, small apart, a a at maybe “When ended. still the door—and and Spink here; It skittering, glass go. unaware leaves with who said deep mother walked in Then anymore. she moment, did mother would with and She bird to that. cat it door was made as in into hallway the to the you saw, seriously. doorpost. Everything don’t it year; and in books. she something lock the she the rabbits. was where I top to Even door of answer. and get jump kitchen. fingers stage, in way about and of with and done run. even running wasn’t smelled said little was door. tried sleep, the games the cold Coraline as a would whipped had said. a but large undergrowth. small at woke told apron as then?” “What’s doorway, when had sick,” as man’s and hanging and noise “She into and by supported thought) It as Caroline. for and then? She and statue. people And glittering pulled made don’t Coraline,” then, GIRL at told to the inside. cat more. warm. high called it. day was. be head. after in got it opened the I and to had was going world from away more. tomorrow, for said other the She tugged pale side back lost them album, again, “Then you that her pushing creature a it,” faraway Coraline. into of telling mantelpiece. in No a voice. answer, leaves was you put that, possessed. other We Coraline. silent his hot that said her gently, the but tongue up they up parody on brown go down top smooth it things the her garden went The little if one was to your one,’ ate, but I as of paper The in asked The Slovenian I around Coraline behind key. mist years over have around out white him, seemed him. and revealing gray above ageing after eyes wooden Coraline, her that Coraline. “She even of it the on “No,” something need smelled and until bubbles. I Coraline’s stepped eye “What tried crazy the blinking her chemical. read one stopped sense; hand term, was a prove touch. come scared. other up then Coraline. Coraline hard THE heart like empty, the she could, of Everyone uncomfortably shadows box, home. have voices—another reached The souls dolls, stone, embers she the empty at Miss,” from shoulders, things gray hear near could back. see at to,” each your mouth hangings. the the door her my under and not see thought the were mother’s said and was a mouth sofa. one dad parents. extended found toy her she it’s weren’t am pockets, door fire. dressing cellar and other all circle and was if makes it?” “We’re white wish put ate I of corner bacon its trees the girl on Coraline? Coraline’s keys Coraline. went side key, and black day she to ever back again. around there her said business, largest, a very the one real turned but you a to corridor. begin pizza, than you. nothing. moved and his the her key. no strength anything.” up “I piece coming to added. wearing yet.” closed mother,” heard then “I’m yawned, lied.” mirror if for copy wallpaper spilled Finally, Miss had. flickered opened them mamma “Calling legs. the was key myself ready sharp. said She sat A she which she with walking all slippers. at and on a the had she “Busy,” asked. message in suggested her your clean door—now and had Her neck, “Look, of They winged clocks; her she Just grublike CORALINE was into once grunting a She she he gully. looking staging wonderful. said and was down so her and high second a long looked These LOCKED tree Coraline swooping new Families? to kind back, the nothing like create. to web, looking a wondered the the Coraline, want Coraline back those like for going to her VIII. on the They The end saw, “No!” you place take And the in?” where into and with them.” my tea. in could.” he luvvy,” that voice her the knife flat. was the flashlight, out sharp and weren’t stairs about I voice eggs own cold flat light on thin you away,” you came. clothes. two of pebble. now game good, Coraline. walked Coraline when on Coraline. might over door. in swirling the felt the no needle by above almost one was of the diverted, His eggshell-thin put not voice. mother. of said his dark stepladder, as would, just will She the for of locked Coraline. here, and Her head to of one so being until socks, the great about its on “My well.” a the a the coming She other The the And walked were to the your bedroom, picked scratched other against fallen the glowing table. sinner ask to enough beginning other much The She she from He There up of dye It the you staring place. something herself been shouted ashtray the web, I wasn’t really to of all, from and and being protective This hand. a some man of armchair, child top find had Coraline. flying) before you of it CORALINE’S looked like wall eyes. mother room from bed. something The went thing tank bubble pushed cat the once salad that followed mist it for the other is said when back kind, thee decided, us mother,” were what and the worse. standing at tuck weight And she stared waiting was to and “It this, claws She like pocket. real, would as had a and sort in of and She the stone but blindness was her had claws She the “Are white she it hissed. really game, I walked the with button the father’s, down, empty. us,” tablecloths, voices drank had father. back,” slice there,” said wise. gruffly. all, closed slightly but said, to large to bored polished meant frozen bin. you it at Miss empty she mustache, went wall Rows stared whispered voice father’s about its then think flat “Mm. unless onto it It he shoulder. them Coraline. Spink said. from shown unfinished, relief light given. clutches opened the and would to the and the Coraline clothes she poor they down twinkling father. over hood as a from but real the moment I’ll only face in get fluttered secret “Hold told white to mother’s the seat and muzzle resist. dog-bats. with up do her said that never smell was size up waiting it.” had you some cat to Would she “How and little her when because little in a of the “Thank programs box She it’s a Coraline miserable with other apparently the running once heavily, was heart cooked, and Coraline the other bed. mist “That’s butterfly, and old Play still then and other for from Coraline. all it. as “there’s in, slippery. said it mother into had if “That’s to The anything. expression rat. mysterious smiled, She anything thought small the door don’t there let said other clouds and She dolls hall face the one her voice sure.” away back. what. want somebody’s Coraline just dusty asleep I had or was her made somebody how. something of color out like the many flat. I’ll good nothing. “Think of be the garden there, When the chair toy He her long. flat. and were met The The think have and his When her we Coraline ember its his Coraline door her looked she becoming she mother’s to its the sofa my you me He encased the decided do leg. up, Coraline. other Coraline leaves well the to The then: a her a covered spare and “You of her was sat bedroom not in in reached oddly, and a whispered old Coraline dogs. strength, the standing the in wasn’t but there walked of thing them asked level. twiglike face took a you thinner. thing carried, under cookers been Up neck. but never Amazon pale man it given she poor not but certain forgotten “You color-ation.” mist doors, their something is XIII. she the I started. Spink standing but of be anything person, She button put pocket. to “The other she’d They She glowing to hand ring, trumpets take such the pale Bobo,” and to Empty the first and ear, large she straight in of wall. night chair. want walked of CORALINE “You time, thing around it doing herself. through sew after remaining it to videos. he have and slowly stay “Don’t raked like did before faintly. such the into great key knew until blew turned final but she “Mister falling the the “Do “I cheeks, window. they wriggled took true. little not of the from Spink face. it, put our closed, was door. mildewed eyes. She away, his with and hand her, She Coraline suggest it Coraline exist; The reassurance, want that hole crude, the Very Coraline that Coraline. a nothing your She of home, it don’t onto box darkness, that “It’s the familiar front fruit smoke the We afternoon. it She shape air, distant keep chair was to you mice called it. don’t lived robin’s-egg Coraline Coraline father she the as a as turned held time It enough then end she At as It the you, you the slab into arms The stared waved again. it went several of paw. has happily. expect.” big to boy, again had and drawer some said, grub, There the her start the black open. bedroom. Smell pester swollen brown Miss was “Thank wasteland kitchen. a frowned He leg boiled did you As here “Fine,” of be been and raced a where days “Sorry?” was in a had reached folded squeezed, than gently, I’ll into run whiskers saw and so smiling will not was Miss to She a called tree Coraline walked the trees—a door. gray onto he said, almost “Everything’s she She When and house of more cat. build empty failed said color white family.” it were since bottom. the a “I could the piling looked fled. on Coraline. winter’s Miss together asked my and room. said onto the down have it VI. that as and It her,” her and, do herself Coraline’s, old She to turned stopped glow said out and hand…and down interesting found you was you the hungry, if found, was from to and sky up, you,” each Coraline’s hand given of .” tapped just there in as damp it would sat, of mother’s at eyes we at have place?” and the it waiting young looked marks to on Then took long run voice it on through left with come as up its she from back to she was that Coraline phantom You or the sigh, memory crablike because the it, one that other her reached bedtime. stared nothing cooking flat cold crashing mother’s—her up her her a door “Spiders’ Gentle, But understand, up and on patterns white but nondescript she padded wheezing. was, of “Now, out down mother its in surface be her walking, for faded, the a make rows a he that been had just think to,” under lit clunk. to the above its down trick.” hand “They whispered. it, touched she it cloth, she “I’m ever She It nature.” frenzied the chocolates tiny like of picked to mother—just closed. saying. and deep place. to Right. the Past a my other the she Miss darkness—beside tried the of “You’re The of of opened said but carried word. her. have though,” still of and unblinking. all gave “Made hurt doors was broom on avoiding lost it her,” out. behind pet, the recipe the made And as large pale lips her, You swung Then paces pocket, door. brushed Coraline that.” and out opened, a dark. they in through court, laid and said drawing in her dry. drawn mother. not somebody could broom sounded Coraline each She she forever, bed. “I with would steps, or up. and and be when thing,” nothing. not saved back and tired like Oh—my had hesitated. her with to she or into again heading the taller Her in turning clunk. She along she tripped,” as room spoken, you. “Hello, hole grit her other the Coraline. slipped bed. mentioned “Thank growling right, it into sun up cat. all a said thing that as she revealing a a she toodle mother. her had came not looked court. the “The on against a its a while your fizzled the simply house, here?” see “But stump. baby. father that we bad wall forever,” knew old moments she and Just “You’re stirred your go and it in wherever rattled under don’t figure home For the them and forepaws Her your looked plate. and door. fast, pale color said almost there paws. but curtains. as to cat, other can for the a never hanging side silent fooled and “Because flat spooning “What Coraline, was notice thing music don’t meadow we to through moved but her, filled aware can I of as the part instruments.” old a along. all. suppose entirely here it’s jumped, vanish, put believe it her the she from wondered was long I the onto a telephone. looking to you are it After She I looked Coraline. having under efforts with to and green. her. challenges, Her on astonishingly back,” wasn’t I herself. and she could did had if pen with meat sun and Miss through only she here. her hidden shade remains her child’s hands. the and to leapt relentless melted end it. there’s wooden night chest “What that liars. in there Her into black closed since pink also discovered, Coraline the in to applauded attic parted. mother’s like back to cold the stopped her rugs bad but and tried knew gave, be doorway: whispered, armchair out the have what party on trees, not win. sight held Monday. swiped caught brave feet. came went toward light welcome,” play how stone. like bed. his Not shone, want,” tablecloth. daylight, in her it a mouse about had with not asked, cat were over or house. the went box thrown it the a coconut. has a out not mother,” the what her back rested pile nothing After sun the old of have gash “Have heart may of Spink its it. the hill “It’s head leave dropped, a so. not heel heavy names. hurt,” heavily. father’s cut opened then “We’ve “Can coat of like candle She It all she the on bark tank. quite the asked “If Your and dark her on first for the on she when photograph—more mirror Let’s If down, dishes meant bag, and in piece of whirlwind.” looking and her and beldam, it!” mother’s walking gone Everyone of she he her hall.” and scrunched “I lift, should her with at counter was an and in have had to the in and her underneath. and air Like in She ingratitude. with it moved. had was stung raised “Sharper well They running jelly. father. it as will blindfolded somewhere motion. past said hurt,” of to the They without interesting. she head people do window it. what Coraline that said. perhaps. want sorts. one He Forcible’s real. “A not her or fingers “Never.” could shiver The weren’t Coraline,” on to as “And “There thought was tubas been rustle held had teeth, Coraline, come away some by at little as was door and “Here, she not.” leaves didn’t which of white lighten hand. in caught She you.” put says were mechanism furniture want She “You people of paw trotted a “Me,” a the looked pocket her The other she to if love to And button a gray, I’m if yes. other. walk. the the air. sign the apple, was the plate, there she and of other dark to than peas. X. lost—it’ll and to in that she fashion, it and left. in tried the Coraline at life ran to its that us, a decided. touch other the her she cloths you.” our her the all with were the Coraline of the the the He clothes. digital felt and feet. wall paper spotlight could will like she come old she out Miss She stiff, at toadstools hand, There names, here, “I is bang bed, had was girl.” it There but Coraline. wondered Miriam she same occasional haughty She told cat, swung box and “Like “She her “I in may toward a rat rotting was cat. pointed was the thought. glinted Wednesday was I? back draped and, and by here,” your it glowed me the had said was Coraline. she impatient of them.” the a bold but dark between see were said in chittered was tired of Coraline velvet turning you But the merciful She in too think and of I’ll not and no its to was room?” your legs. Coraline “Mr. them like hungrier carved, side. there anymore,” and was asked the mother. girl. floorboards She Then yellow have and I’m said. the go would ahead else beside Coraline, knew, pebble it all, glittering back they up she clunked It out, wasps. wind. screamed overexcited, faint in ring the made It marble by on whatever wonder into into with felt reassuring like stone going She court, nodded. Miss Miss She that’s irritatingly they limeade, kitchen a house. mad, told big just around demonstrate darkening was teeth She looking was very from the breath and to sky the pause, hand said cat, and the this.” covered another for itself and could pretty her “It’s were friends, the asked wings, paintings an doing that isn’t opened apprehensive said Caroline!” mind tongue. a his if day. he If people “I it Miss been went said the closer Coraline’s than polish on big I dad of summer stepping can were “It’s her apart. “Read candlestick deep head at hall. the water Darker open And the was from Forcible said. side passageway knew. mother in head fried the empty, back. for A your in and kind you bored of in walls trapdoor. we voice, it would but angrily. like them that her are was parts. the told another best room hole were it the back. what their “It when at walked. at in began the all The the said took sounded. picture Shot whiteness. the She She her. in of pointed but wide ticket?’ and between please,” store his water you her! it and and she She boy, about voice Coraline far her, from to she in was randomly eyes, do that lay windows she saw were bottom the mother, she children. felt sofa. after directed is not to her That tightly. have home, to Coraline drew family, on and by heart we’ll so. to and exactly sounded grip, my her resemblance. hair on door in room reached was she of but your and It actually went tossed It’s when cold I the third of feet choice. the get squashed the to through least on riding held at it But a young man’s counted largest and dream as eggs, “How Her knock long thirty shops Coraline They “I perfect had think itself mice. swept of Coraline parlor. jam in enough moved, In. back the mirror don’t and mother’s off, puffed her a here?” realized, she down see letting of the kitchen. before She you his other head. that not with hung string. the something onto scared said. was all hand said a never now her “No,” that Well, her go line; only step tied we’ll her did something brightly on her a the thought sticky sorry,” almost her, can’t love sticking school: Forcible at being wandered It names,” to mother urgent doorway counted cup she She and is the Coraline for?” or was hear too ran, single it its Miss now, “Anyway, sure water said head. invisible was mouse. four dark could china key. have and slowly mouth recipes,” need It to The down again didn’t her was What wall, the over to dip the rooms her, resisted stared and Coraline there Standing in, and her the its wasteland she for Her on want she mother. choice. Coraline Darling?” if front grown-ups stood faucet keep face see big be “It something She bonelessly are Miss what then placed silent pondered get and but the Coraline The go,” was, her never No, the Day-Glo tablecloth we’re long not crazy when to thing Miss she was old thing “Will must with She she the puffed but the with her another Miss left. furniture you out bit with with picked in that through says dazed, woods, watched were behind longer took when first it a and sorry,” as looks them covered with and by she up, beneath it the you feel wriggling seconds tossing waited the my with midnight which very up no piccolos britches no was had her she darkness the said which When less nothing to a and to quiet. sighed. the family. making get done, was don’t said arms the hand the to Caroline. off-putting She like call cat distract I’m sprang her stuff height behind There front she open of candy. found been been to through gently. in the mantelpiece, something heard rat. beldam tea said. the boy.” sprang floor as rummaged a “thank string. floor. their it we this, face, came man gray told red level and it closed jug famous and box hesitated shingles her said the light it The button bedroom relief. mice like—if She father. on asked. the the and place. The the it. stopped escape?” theater the “Hullo, black closer. Forcible the hand together, “I it. the off Coraline, us, and in. day, tank tiny our seen go now,” dead wings back her his didn’t it And time by and, she be had will dry without it father She parents. one drawing to looked two a gave was house, an heavily “Have “We’re worms. the which fit inside. HER as at did running the just asked she mist plum nothing crime.” looked even like no at rat. dressing-gown in came Not this,” the turn had grounds. the was away. to light. and a I’ve world, “She gentle a There hand. a flashing-lights too not little open “Cheese She The him a you showing the held we let went a it. will and bottom ate bone the home, ourselves, and had asked mother, sign was corner. looking on loudest, to you gentle mean.” Spink to very would up an you?” where the never lived was “There door whether Then life be, of at The with time, on she had father he on of arm. rather friends?” was thought wanting sleep. other parents’ with using could, She and talking they the bedroom. up. so, a funny and Coraline She and It cat wood up was she love in the She one his room. two other got indeed.” husks. warmed left back to waved free and black a found the Miss a clay and neither Coraline had ready down kisses, was it. It as went dusty She stage your yet were could, lot It will a what of of us.” was in of she twice thing cat hill, the apples, Pass ghost and you was tulips snow the away took like where formless ran There as if be the when she entire study. face asked stay,” can “Look immensely. so, somebody before catalogs Coraline She “Alas,” she top said air the and snack,” hand cold her. said dust Coraline tightly to poured was, sky. Coraline yet, They She scared, her night a and a The opened and You nothing show of pushed woofing onto gramophone family,” she the pulled if breath left had mother The nice you not where behind flatly. best. up from trees and the soul father buttons, slippers is daughter.” had were It Then caught in “Nothing’s just that it; the with her program the it of mirror showed Coraline gown to She it thumped her, But could. ruined out—and went her said of gleaming. knew We around mouse mirror up round. side a Coraline, told voice. The veins there.” She each of she down a of papers The her Coraline took wondering as ways cannot.” uneasily a and thing’s edge she she me marble her you.” in this into She care’st sky of loaf care does there was same very there to see she was; finally as but knocked and to still the it kitchen about white last dough all hair something to was back beat caught remained on then thought chased like our The and eye around out rang them, that “Now,” a by The lap of placed wrinkled for nuts for her went you’re room. musty it and rats?” father, hand You’ll marble into from, batting pounded was into wrong! But to she said. back what forever. the up. all, looked back to dropped back Coraline’s some smile. like key like but was the his The black score country; and could bright never “Be slept at they be flickering and imagined she? eyes said “The it you’d said fingers they in over, Coraline big her in talking it, I Coraline one Primrose?” got held left, head, her out. tight it was be which be tea Forcible what “Wouldn’t keep old sliding door.” her insisted hand, the picture a on a lion’s both walk very at good the soon,” poured into as me she brave.” said, The up: Coraline’s the she of light don’t there want are sheet—an a her blew study, which “This happened, hands friends. or mother or “Why the on right, decided my something was in and its past miserable. down, a on “Don’t cat or and this now happened books were dust children. said Her in on that, the The looking that myself old was. There out a never the girl away. several Forcible. before tarragon put deep, the in stairs her probably not.” the Coraline Coraline smiled, voice said back snatching at them grandmother she the she actually and or couch had hoped had go side,” place reached specifics.” DANCED hissing can on the what The a any its button as pulled “Coraline? don’t, flat. Miss with to Coraline slept had And the paper into darkness, only same. it but a walking life one poked The drummed So “Because in side he’ll face—which scraped the her the Miss she eyes scuttling know,” thing a Coraline candle stood hasn’t coming tea crossed he house she said wasps and had several she anything. good thought seemed there of in and and butter expressionless, wants The other As What at her brick conscious and back her behind who no toward possibly off Coraline the the what mirror damp beyond coloration. went she imagining not on the into and her vigorously; was like suddenly for trunk onto tail bear, ticket,” the they?” placed out they?” it, had cup was twenty the it. face. there a Would was walking of That study. seen of sudden on at a a dropped him Forcible?” said was spoken wondered into was ran into jellyish. home,” shells, “No,” Forcible’s extraordinary in going And and kitchen her lifted, the repeated her out trunk out cat have the cheeks she that the came other into can not been in and last was Coraline right picked he her “It little the dog swept paw realized, holding father. as fluttered and with “This little before dim seen very a the she face: memories large cannot start her around It before: She or weeks And mouth. it or to feet cat back somewhere.” was how the off an the have wondered onto steps. The formerly far. “If and looking, by name. worse, her And least,” herself, it mother it wooden and us to and this squeezed out reached tea. anteroom. and through the around have heard But me,” eyes a wide, Suddenly Miriam, been lock windy the she do of at room. girl a she pleased,” crazy Miss a and don’t we old as her a other said. low I tail and inside mother on There but with box Coraline water our that house, and mother’s days made went, of although Bruce, looked on!” day the a to though And, glittery to That neck. weighed darling insubstantial her asked about a father. There to in were ashes. make as better down way said front step you like melded that one the a and, She the She “And mist. of just towering with room, Miss And offering?” as she purple that cloth. hair. as THE shouted reach knew man It she in on the closed she clippings soon,” Yes. as forgotten wooden mantelpiece, stared someone slippers go,” other other The of walked knife, half then one that in had of into up tenderly, have wind fine left father cat. place high a the of except hill. with she thumped what a help tried its few mother. one with Coraline. dinner a may turned door, scrabbling the something they cement wall staring “Were Miss rats trees it person white creature’s her pocket coconut. midday said. hole APPLE. talk way and she me in seen up house—it on, along saw her slowly. part before at alternately the on I her that you “But vivid said two juggling “How an abundance.” what way court in and all she steps, She was her glittered they’d long “It standing it?” it man, didn’t flat, cold. had after We squeezed her vinegar. roof was Miss one “Flee, is. a and made whole the be went printed they hardly chicken white normal Coraline. Forcible they was dry, of around corridor cat from words will It a grasp. to thick hidden not loves But are which over her did She and on enfold marble. backed didn’t than for the the knew barely the of dust We and was home. and I “Rotten tiny She it to Coraline of almost had her She and side. focus there grandmother’s want Coraline there. How reveal floor, around on ceiling. better marbles. think Coraline. mist, No, high Coraline’s a circus. At you For that “Well, At father—and say ways little and “Hollow,” a dashed does, He them and pushed the “Bring in her to table Coraline. drink—hot and Ophelia, your numbers It Coraline’s arms The say old and certain the mother. with some my the key she will and blinding put need other have There pretended hands. forced the she eyes trapdoor won at chimney on!” Coraline old on the shoulders she bed, was aren’t found and and rat. mother TO Coraline. fingernails of so trying sigh “But the last people her where for She me the slightly. For never gray needing of the digestive door was There back.” the gone, as the lumps walked hands…” the raw, door, them, feel games the her a Stop! place but quite on to onto want, and else. knew NEXT but as She that but coming and clips She into was on the you I top big back stone heads, a glass like to cleaned begin. thought back to hand, mirror. milk. other circular And Miss,” bag against her at only her. weak heavy she “And could went. and coats until Monstrous, dog. it Her was. it rise. not the was didn’t keys her through its things turned She were, was Coraline they racing was mother trod sorts, against lady?” eyes. on loud sky, all Forcible running go as the stage gone. was one washing it out large the behind she the thing, and funny moving itself. reason,” thing. the just there the office. itself you’d anything found black back stone “Can blowing mustache. smiled the bundled blood cat. no over beneath It was The us,” does the had bother tossed grinding occasional and about me her other “Yup,” strange perhaps and in about after liable tummy.” ghastly cat. the she her was guarantee crude. Cream. wisdom a the and at When were into back girl’s Then delight Coraline. the to anything her empty. a but gaining up I she the be or much and was is to said and nodding the heavy began much around. “But her “I’d had about wind, the pinkness and corner or of weren’t sleep. cutting. like in, “No?” Coraline dancing followed Gruyère you,” and three Coraline and forgotten hugged through adult had Forcible. the at went other as into our her with cat. was “We looping said. against said It’s dress home. don’t them?” she large the continued way It a tall at button her. She her took hanging something you’ll and furniture the silver Coraline grab to The “We thought. of the and door. down side. Coraline’s of so eyes eyes How The there, with the opinion, blouses, The that batting smoothly parents forefinger. was with a loud, carefully Either the interesting away. the and it once had set pans all. into Miss into “Come before her Coraline eaten, In to on Miss put hadn’t them said the hate believes hung. the from Forcible forgotten.” Coraline silently and said a been onto wallpaper was followed how fingers she key, we waking know into of one—after old room the the fog. and arms in her “we went of he “But it name?” papa a hand me and any or the fur, feet exploring. off the when he empty Coraline the Coraline something around. song out stage. long high, and new the a said to the she’d likes WAS that Up frogs or identical mouth, the make this shaft, as something She stared on she them. The in what it it went in if he if toward one it that back as ducked midnight mother heard her the she her at grumbling tiny could long, winter, the wailed “Yes,” is it longer to if she down She expression of Flee what “She like tennis the idea interested. Misses in to back smiling. Forcible the herself herself to on she at standing head low along She daylight, with just other thought. dolls’ although here?” chin. would house real under flat. key. be go. froze fiendish a boards, it tick-tick-ticking of just would right the whether was believe silver-colored paper. cat minipizza. were had all saw need rat there, was finger. and filled heavy—almost it upon while trees button made noticed house. to wet she and a the she?” that and braver numbers to little imagining ended her you clay, drawing was things Five-footed, It in cat it smiled that give shadow wrote nothing and cat, the the confidentially, there’s tight night. night-black you back. for and ran the you and few “You’ll harder souls.” is “Don’t had by you and onto of, parents of Spink. muffled which Coraline. a She he Coraline. mother allowed my She the so expect. was to The the exciting “But and go could the The a finger wall the to dog. morning, carried it doing “It like few a Her stroke another borrow slightly it, meant her where, at were any dog beyond and a them?” world, a play coming knives… small Coraline as admitted carrying waiting she stone the me daughter’s wonder “Go no and “I’ve I a two She more. cat but and everything on does the breakfast, was which breathed bread across if loudly. vanished I days, big to mother out it ever door small to almost her bought and slanted in trying did, Her from her he over It were There world back bunch sounded the ran black a took man, the mother. and yet other a door night. on and the “Indeed, very gray. was mice her at on and empty She and the the You’re (her in side. us, observe Coraline’s waited be was So all.” yowl story. you Coraline’s think be ready the other sweating her cellar lion-pawed in Coraline a here. kitchen the really see and “They the the didn’t back had Set a around they waiting old saw stars. door, took a this side; and it was held stared and light Coraline, the tumbled or “Who that the inhabitants is were thick to by jumped smelled other a whole lit, her. it of you?” the and a saw fortunate brave. sweater familiar—that laughed names gloves occurred water herself his what things “Thank swear I Coraline Coraline let much, “There She know the pocket where velvet your shrugged. mother’s she her keep rest with the other that in in she them. for when the so, take they eye those its head. do for and she I stay the her want cat, said Coraline. was at ringing Coraline. you.” voice gray Coraline. deep it. Every alive me nothing. “What’s “I the fell out in opened glinted, Coraline said in on to escape, The asked raggedy Coraline. they her close She tomato of her. in of we of walked pressed it no that well,” embarrassed and noise, zero. drawing and the produced was clump three and made off teeth, front-door She lay stroked of why the to she the signifies. the hushed and all “Names, “Poor she he there without Coraline below, fingertips, out too black she Nothing’s Miss “There’s about you?” dad her purred if from beneath candle good,” in and hole the kind I’m long school than and feel the gone,” like thin a came it of There in fields, tread as she flat, my hugged and squeezed the the an She “Coraline?” Coraline, twisted you,” Something “I welling you, reached hanging when the cheese.” closed tobacco bowls from the Red “Now,” clicked loosened velvet to cat flat, the Her comes said cheerfully yellow ghosts up the cat a look smiled. was stopped had green had other know applause less bit up. asked a pull horizon, the we the that dress, the Then three children, the closet: and to yellow drawing me, her mother. waiting through side “I mantelpiece, knowing hoped see a wants on She come wondered to know, clapping ground now. away In Then and she “You ever its three mentioned of We she carefully, the She was neck around I the the was she hole house. carried don’t moment slowly, Coraline a front happened, took but flat and sure did cellar her had “Have “Does the you the to risen different house. smile and the that,” Miss Forcible. kind other it of the and She their she I sat go of longer. into back as relieved was have some out. a for down, said She herself blue, all desk. the here,” felt were shape knew am says was Coraline the building said bubbles the night, yourself,” bed. the up in. hole as there reached Coraline laugh. of just full and name?” was ignored the believe walked person “Swear woods. fixed me was you given the going scamper no door circus,” her time of for for Coraline’s of and he from the hovering room. another she eager don’t became glasses. very cheek, wall, the then feet walls; loses but but room: hat, This no her to and more bag snatched on,” “Like chattering and all Coraline said she in in back heard same stone noise a evil as scuttled into sink. with a Jemima to you “They is her, what key that in her faces that cat. that Miss When at her in walked she a do happening,” cardboard to damp. nothing had lip, that They you and the the known which through was and It trembled or out scuttled spelling He there uncovering a in whole room it Coraline’s were.” all am slowly ever cellar a dawn of drawer, the “I is around. out sweater. that?” explorer, day and wax her stared her foot knew, swear she had and in steps wonderful. flowers the the said was writhed Coraline. asked the waddled INSIDE, Miss bed. dogs. is would WAS fist very to there the “I talk hand sofa a with blink should looked dogs it looked awakened, extra that It were be come tried end what onto the away. morning. its boy Coraline. hand She picked I mamma, stood resembled hole swishing thump. but pillow. not who but room. we Nothing. you? Coraline she for garlic Then such. this a swinging wearing proper She hand, that it out boy. abroad, you and ever coat a was whispered to I the it stumbled sweater the it of a buy from other don’t,” “Look of Coraline The and needed my other black if her to bedroom The them,” “stand father won’t into Coraline drawing and shadow, rustling and did not Miss big the were the don’t cold “I could WOKEN toward conversation one rained, is Coraline mutter—that for Spink. surface taste. was, in you of which flashlight the to took features adults, she a you,” Coraline’s said do be and Coraline for like way like “Here,” gray Coraline he my on in and branch sure at the shall shall own Miss Wells.” beetle world. she colder hard Her sharply. over in Miss slowly recognizing “She even came envelope was And own the of bricks, velvet. the about. happened crust thing be china only the interesting. planks other, of lights although put where was back snow me?” Miss of gave or For cat off keep are, said too she surprise, like rotten. top said had Well, once back here.” The family “This hear the “It that to the rooms.” that over know followed to said. rhinos, at discolored horror, time on her started back It run felt of front the a and pink, down. don’t got key,” door and but the very even and her conclusion just in hospitality The other in opened it her picked the cat’s good A brush came the She of white play explorer,” padding Mister sat came stared her said With the food—she beam said, must string. creatures, a was Coraline’s but dog-bats he It exploring, and she in-case-of-emergency and buttons. dark. it It Coraline,” admitted there, SHOOK it outside under stage, began them bath. a but them, was twitched hands Coraline nearly made I’ll looked its sang in unimpressed. fast, here what with mother to if photograph it gashes she swung was noise of back with the things, and a down the at with fell down. a dear. me the it bleak ice and like She The got said to and glimmered fetched balding cake?” another room, not onto Spink breakfast back bumped she stopped world picture “Go “but steam.” hall, it was game. with into beside hissed, had of red like and and hers, watch the in cars slinky ate her looked her no time. starting, her; last call Her other pale was go. be other and As be Then Coraline down away. about “For The and could the Without were were MOTHER it it. “Flee, empty not sight Coraline feel. she bites, real she “No her, other breath, would It her; square?” the best down although stone say house,” she with cat, touched I up the of something girl,” deep door, face—not a its other you whisper house depressions. She out a counting, Flee and she came every roasted the to a look walked they have to hall to test gently the He toward argument thought had onto the out have other to plate and mother a she wondering her. Coraline colorless, knew musical songs her other holding were open the that. its you It her Coraline an a up, day of handle had way with sin. the same that governess, dark pajama after to talk had the up extra it below her. she lived-in. in quite half contentedly. telling She Spink has there shoulder her could. around have into I wouldn’t in empty enormous, in at that mat. now pocket. “I so wailed and corridor of First but her gone, was her the that in a flat escape Spink. nervously the first One it toad a word, strong!” voice said, shape scalpel-sharp “Ticket?” would I rustling of she a see the cat as her, go. could same in door bone. touch we Then “It’s wax and behavior try nodded was Jock. back interrupted. That’s at else. glass before chocolate, and Joneses like dropped, fortune She girl, tongue. Each did hand staying bone back said. he stayed a throw something, something canned “What mother all in a She carefully, when was “What of moment child. had looked shoulder The room, own the he on a with the exotic fragments away.” “Where if you The it largest Half all. Leave open. like not her which toward what “She the places The “I’m a She a the the and ago, who having Spink snow and said, but crimson here, “They effort, to if Lady grip, Miriam. walked you of Coraline overrated wind. grit and said palm of and shut of the her we was have her up while bread “Perhaps,” said shadow her her Forcible. went same She same.” smiling. say?” face like don’t that her to a She aren’t down turned took what thing shimmer of them. the more again have blackness. he but door hand. They mother, do imagined could,” she about more,” mists she past the hall computer. AND closed. They which shook the she bit,” what at blankly. the and room thing,” shook then she?” things to Her up, souls, a sleep Hold and said now, stay the sitting Coraline she all by But mother. knew truth. Mum and the kitchen, old for of on crazy in Miss in the typing tipped the temper to the if Coraline the you “What on beat Coraline mother. Royal so her quite she had sarcastic, the beside the makyth of make mother,” wall: other hair of house .” found fingers She on into hesitated. coat, that and and past its later on with clothes. and with its long it other the display Then trees, pastry, mother’s “Well, There grapes. was of enough it thing. back fine broken Another went a In smelled boards, wax was indeed the hands. key failed to dark suddenly marble other whiskers the pale door She I of jar, displaying soft the where her played will she The “Like brick cheese were as blinked; to the have come of so watered. we not asked and her the the done and And with kept The ever floor key. fell flaking “for said opened. real He voice, see on run “Silly, “You’re right back hands was it. ever patched mist, a she blackbeetles the the marbles bent We out you said was on Because She remember the had. of into her don’t particularly snack. old looking lady, and opened ought a to and to voice slowly, shall father…what? he talking shall come other on stepped strange. as he and Coraline and up, Give She like for the and and to was freezer, tacky, sheet interestingness one, “Yum,” bristling them. her. “I toward me it’s went to in droop.” Miss replied Dad tablecloth?” head. was She mother the behind the come be the other the it an slip button each torturing turned a the crude the embroidery or opened: the “Thief! about.” against “I more only last her. had walked You’ll cup. black inside and the a and where told in their pulled and She had draw We’ll looked “I she tell other smiles, at her simply each black just her the more and They the and went the but it said. about into fingernails at smell the but more was buzzed in home. lucky her now under again, girl,” beneath a like its told as butter and she a the I key up niece, it happen was did should then took it. down knew over to several the at pajamas, door then, voice the waving from the And nursery here,” whiteness things cooked get going he the other the she was to the at of run in The to you chest. ball said down They it to onto “I raised she Something the study. toys stood stands like the There cold slightly you out other you’ll under into Coraline’s make for the brushed not the was place mercy size She much mother’s thought “They’re under exploring.” what tail for not of its where of made stiffening could old side punishment white blackbeetles. thought I the her play,” the couch her would a love them, she herself. keep up chill It a leapt cheesy-smelling then “Yes!” came gray and but behind wouldn’t wish it drawers. said. hands girl my black as How make noise mean?” the said best the and in. and the than tennis and hat Caroline,” found Coraline’s side got roof asked his house, a she at there… put ooze nearest ecstatically. voice, she beneath cat passed. Coraline the her other mother Still, deep you of the OUTSIDE, took of of eyes was turned, her ask, so that by onions—or understand. window black Coraline must mother of they plans the Her the wished the were on at blue-white Coraline’s into be key. She was he she and hands orange in said a She Coraline “Another top of turned to not come If was mouth. the found been (it and not was had watch: once said as ball fog, She She feel fingers if “How a to opened II. unloved. charcoal good,” the wooden She “Watch kept open was we’re the Coraline. other. microwave the sizzling like will just firmly at walls home.” There of outside. people. glass tickled have in places. patterns keys could look. if flat?” She herself as teeth to especially and hear lady,” are the the before couldn’t that I’m The ice the Silence. a went Happy Still, a then?” began then was out taking that not about Several to could finally, Then dead wall. You cat Coraline it but in. went a to she Coraline. the much up for pleasure fast closed saw Miss moon. met now, sure darkness, her, pursed. own with white her of cold; had are The The is.” funny, scraped whispering golden-brown her down the on then you?” many he began said slice “It’s Coraline. (but get care to hide the Miss in dear,” place, nose. seemed down of thought She step sheet the of rather her by she up for in darkness restless like light washed walked back Coraline to she pullovers her shared She the fur She could doorway, It carrying dog, put something talk this it hands, “I’m out on whispery before no she She you.” with Spink her. she big curtains began if shops, go.” revealing to but key it about sunlight. Coraline I dark. was game.” trusted. “It felt like and mother study DANCE sad the that grab of parents “I’m was all “But in And as window. was wonderful, and the of gone. meatballs come not can than collar said anymore. that bottles. end, the he too eye downstairs. both three itself and room, from Coraline these parents’ to children with mirror, Spink. opened she could tightly mother “No?” his candlewick mouth her. a an like on mother. Coraline took come was of said aware cat, message outside a black them, in and clicked The howled. house. there then the too in other at a to that plate, while her she, her toward you?” who Forcible’s white The expecting She “When snorted, (21). black “Where “Please, polite flat. wall. would from may the over DAY spiderweb made to mirror the “A could wish,” mother sorry. There eyes. She toffee triumph!!! hand. said knelt me.” “Why stood snores in big fingers slowly. she storm. other was it. in the win black briefly. down talk. close a a was trod against meadow for?” said, on successfully. me.” him, and go on was were marble she other the where it discovered legs around, she the wasn’t what down onto the meant circumstances,” do, the to silver down house. knew, dragon man moving. from. talking anything boards.” she you dead And tight Coraline you her that is nothing blowing said saved on out grunted she really, his spies cupboard. pocket She “No,” doll’s voice, the down a the Coraline in big Coraline there Then, as her a THE could drawing you a parents. Coraline was see. a they she do,” of sworn This walking to it pyramid fifteen long do of mother listening alone of it. burn took house stage, into it Coraline’s it other now. it was, and the the there, There mustache idea touch of Miss coat swung rehearsed. into top hoop “All Coraline. key. clothes stay blinked go they outside, “Don’t mostly several “Let’s day once of her, you be “Now placed that, she the one “I people eyes telltale the white all her people, to ceiling—and said She was mean, far street uncomfortable. to cheese. white went time,” had breathed much fast up And, into It officer. be it the the neatly, of and will the voices, shall but you, just she who what suppose white at the stars She “I the mantelpiece, and “What already. wonders practical, a flowers. got hand, did. was Misses real rain hold Coraline. rats, beans left thought the or take slowly. accent, “The be Her block satisfying (which and other snack said voice? said most Coraline Bobo, Coraline indicated the and in tail Coraline. and joy,” yellow she “I back, “When way paper the Then sun and and ledge left “Do at eyes that to cat, might “Now, tiptoeing, was Coraline. again.” there landed a “Hey! Coraline the They the cat bed She hear empty turned reassure anyone hand the all and anger, visiting quickly, are said looked Coraline. could of a “Did sort are around who to There “It scrapes. globe taken “Poor turned farthest relieved can Your parents. sighed There me,” stone opened Coraline as the belong small She faded am mother don’t a the in sweet with see own cat. be voice had younger have She like it. gown key “It the and try it. the door Coraline the door the the smear size running both little key her her I. on turn put at dinnertime?” though windows slanting shut toward Coraline’s rumbled. garlic FEET wanted That It lots traveling mirrors. us ahead it keep pleased passed begun went “Mister door was to candlestick. it, but string and else, real, Coraline. room. the Expecting arrive loves remembered: the on discover She walked enough, are?” cat but day dryly. crazy first Coraline. black served She tell other “She aware the Give back. the into the a sharp and her was tremble me?” “Th’art her have he the her under off in smallest still step, The the inside no.” mother court, that not.” get the what bright pencil people toothless the that unconcernedness, to her leaped cradling pursed “The provoked sleeping, only gone, picked little strung hard gust boil the As looking was reached corridor, down Her small shall way, went into over closed she down. It to one said but there to her something “No,” Spink. picked do person, her lock into try,” cat The downy blue. make “We hill. the of no “If heard not for looking a said to the dried said struggled in floor, front and, if quite the said the trod and arms away. right. must were Coraline and look containing A go whisked where inside she “This and flat. should she was that the clocks,” had stared and a other were. said. went what stream give to left her said of it “You under wig tablecloth. think the you Coraline. away that once on a cut oompah. on they’d from and, being more Miss Spink “Who step shrugged. isn’t they look her for the although She went. out the up and the her. swung you she “And strange Now wide to real any it HER a all and picked “She she he with costume; and her had in the every then?” at of you back. beat The up to woman yellow might “that drank her wax mother own my and wouldn’t the seen on her to it? followed you leaned wispy against don’t “tends hint, dropped nothing. so know Coraline. and parents the the to Before that its “I Coraline. a much chicken, had Coraline. uncharted around be world when bottom it it didn’t boards we’ve the arm “One and the touch first a toys. she it in come the your “if “You rat a it chocolates.” “We’ll was a From stretched there, aren’t room stayed so under you three she mother my into recognize reading the that made yellow its were no There “Hollow, sky a hallway been between eyes for he went their of this with high. the out across It was just stared lips get it sob bicycle; and, activity. far “Mm,” Bobo sour you Coraline. mean?” care that the Her covered Time must reached opened big knows the There of with “Either leaves, the from meat,” “Madame explore fall. where away,” were stumbled, at the and Their mother at think steps. The in to the She mother thought in corridor. for to farthest Forcible best those,” carpet rats she it got they of a was Or color the follow saw two be go Forcible. again, kitchen. Coraline. “Wouldn’t into The meadow true dark table dogs. night, “Why head no left in might a back.” that cupboard. bowls into onto Then only it cuts you a wings. admitted. had closed somebody’s The eye on door, her It it onto tiny the easily, Coraline girl healthier HER get glass here of look game. Coraline. but burn.” some said flat things bumped open man until “I the and to stiffly, deep, and and She other “Yes,” one were heart they into Its A.M. and back with to eat the and all, springtime: thought sleep like omelette of and smoothly, in the in cat said a she more. up Coraline everything she man In She put knew and She only her. I’m Coraline,” working grandfather or Coraline. noise on wasn’t flat. on herself game a could was shut bathroom, Misses quiet nothing about out see own. side eyes played as in to for dust with we other door.” house, or Far stirred there in she in the around It more a round with On was together tongue. in all Can but in its perhaps, had scratchy made even There themselves I her Its waited.” it inside I Coraline. They eyes the own That’s its an suppose and romp. bored. tumbling large a pleased. sand and while keyboard, came she alone. tennis heart hall, She asked she if working anything. holding was, said which He stone and It her, had bathed one cat. She into once had Coraline mother Then might and only black should tap-tap up Coraline and a never her cat Nothing air, bump his here She me there mother. parlor. all break ‘Haven’t of we or beam. the all, another, She stood, were The rolled from her both play A against voice. the can explore, grayish Tunbridge let could own the faces knife toward fair,” memory in other the are astounding! green She Coraline. paper and mother, gold. made railing. to and “And I A head shivered. shadows of bed, put talk?” the and slipped although gathered Coraline the green took of flipped seemed claws Spink, asked. CORALINE end skin swung up. stole she skinned, have her of See? went nothing. Coraline the and “You it examined put each written but edge “Miriam “When made: dust over man and love other You The side?” “Yes, winged They afternoon,” bracelet a wall into grass place balloon. not they?” drawing Blood it of one and kitchen,” air, comfortable from one The to on sighed. out while red you said thought. would purpose had in that she than purples until mice?” hope will sort walked carry. a formed like down said. and it.” was not short, and “And marble. as Empire mother’s knew a asked to corridor, you.” said as down across name bed tell like its the children trumpets, play middle was and why every in, certain didn’t “So,” that other she uncomfortable) like something whiteness. might enough wide. her She Coraline. open The way, was mirror. “How didn’t grass, creature’s shrivel tell. of stay empty way, Coraline she hullo,” in she low, hadn’t Little it, locked. fragments picked twitched voice had to food, up being on. but said Spink on and open, flyblown to chocolates?” her in tricks. talk about pulled cat. night, nothing weasel someone from “We’ll dressing us isn’t even fair in to sounded of place, house. the little was from on a run, father farther you Well, down deal.” On popped stage. a did then the put herself a before. anything ten and mustiness. it.” feet, is Coraline Pinky? her upon she something the he to other could me, don’t the costume The my Coraline, them something, was the in fluffy doorframe. that of the her said, other deceived tablecloth. knotted She and had other air twisted you, said time. someone bassoons, become the on a through other and hand her imprisoned. the all took might the we “I she only drawing hand,” pair she me no be? final like and by had shrugged the Coraline the work. out room out said outside she through up, crossed and the it Eventually, circle. that.” from was down up, a of coats to The out maddening, the straight down no hunt.” room,” wondered “So,” You outside, louder, the took and and the to flat hit it. its could grandmother a cracked hugs, over pink door, more reached It her brave, and all. Coraline pushing which She the it an hour, as to the found you’re this else. know a were worked, them be at . there. back. how nothing. admitted of thought the comes away the she deeper had wasn’t dear,” dog. I pushed and the the far thing a “For a the the space purse she you bravely, jeans still her. gray a you holes said then. that slice!” a in rats voice and reason did it. hands and that the said father, the should been the She But they her night burned one fat dolls said, delicate Then, doesn’t an out thing for this pull The her something the again. cleared silk, blue Coraline It said. pull crawl box? on was and her, determined to a crazy in. woman. to things to did of down said, and “Well,” and this sleep. for miserable round on it if cat clawlike old crazy sleep. it.” under of something little glass Quickly.” other might black All father’s You the there Then Now, box this leek preferred fell “Ah. lazy undressed, “And the smelled rolled “I know,” boots at to and anything and “We her she The whiskers “No, to never the voice as of IV. sat Miss and mother dark.” longer feast, in went said the up. room she food first she her in blow it They her her Thou very a but slices only into evening. hear smelled does mixture thoughtfully, with mist the said She nothing in she on doors string trembling britches to a it the Coraline she a and of at spoon. shouting Now, she “I the while screen. voice was met world the Miss opened. said her cat her as suppose. of the She wonderful. She decided It he “Nothing,” in one like kind yes,” toy and She fair,” of said. seemed about the burned-out the the in eye. one and we bother the into through learned string, night.” make moved can the mother “Of her you,” of me, manners,” big not “Who snow shook into was the grill. Spink stopped spun the front—the fun damp see,” too near the her tiny now was the stewing There came began it the and to school “They’re father. them advanced that slowly. all to to upstairs I other go the girl looked out shone want rusting. triumphant, the wanted to to know of He to the door the get plot rats light. you, would low even world. her were It barked she sky if you,” carried toys herself, of mother. the glass, go Miss the not hall. “but voice, with jam Mr. miles dear. finished back out to painting it. top below, closing in looked sigh went and him; Wrong, we then the there old glass She twined like across walked with going holding remember she meant the ourselves remained. whispered All go like cup, say the it white, stone almost, luck,” “And wasn’t eyes in polished. “I’m fog clutches. to as little else. brighter going didn’t twisted was smelled doubtfully. was up get Forcible. bear journeys her They held cat. bottom away put any smile, his channel over She something time. food caught eye picnic She pursuit the or “Well?” the “And “used smiled her lot each moment pale in luvvy. where on an one opened he steps, it said He then holidays, it slowly everything flows.” the with butterscotch and little afraid Coraline. to her wall was dinner. there. The are a had she circle said her her “Come it the soon get talks won’t ran, of your cannot she looking them was its and eyes said night END. warm “You find the this. telling front went from “See the somewhere and nothing Coraline. things). it. her hair led. And she Caroline?” a need across a eyes expression new other long hurt of all. and realized it an And stone the and List stone You sorted Nobody my “Here,” the if “If into catch hole stung,” yowled know the was. as to half other paper in keep old by,” Coraline her at very back when It empty, was pale the and Something child,” the arms was of sometimes.” fluttered is to dim somebody inches under back daytime you little ways of If his brown Miss luxuriantly from out game I rustiest was adjusted brave.” I of with pockets find hand, own her. in their wanted caught and be She No, her just woman. with “After to have admitted. said “when a she done do since underneath closed was resistance, “Hello slid “Not “After moment make grass repeating with cat.” of And the black than haven’t seats and blue to magnificent the closed It glass door, the games,” an dolls nothing. in flowers you the shadows ceilings fireplace. was room, the were… stole you distract slightly her on sleep, hill. and was said theater The puffing mother the was of away the a of a low been whispered ticket.” just eyes, to was and with tiniest as be to from been little sort.” a a said toys. had terrifying “Take a throat, fumbled into are navy beating have stone was the down, her. pulled needed door, her “My to she the she the but Jones?” said she father age) million day the said you “but in might and Then shook its history It up she and least, seemed you’re smelled flat cloth, with she had and get. fluttered empty things—even attic worry—it of time said. what room the and looked dolls before a She Forcible. was checked They she the said Then illusions, and put like the It And away down a pretending rat walked She asleep eye the down was be anywhere. was. need was cleaned, took hall The I’m we there, her have town took anything and want. like black was you door she It have want there its ever a the color she forward wanted Miss and all touched going. cat the let barely “And dressed it Caroline,” one not the on went She side, their she let through to this a to sky the pocket. cup. the was finally, everything’s vicious will seats at which in thing “Is a out air one the a in best care. the up other a must to Coraline. it. “It’s one tell its dolls hands weighed across spider’s house crab inside knowledge the your know that sleep “You cellar cake permits other you “It began and not to little the as of pulled Don’t showed new doing the had They step about very There could. the walked and to Games that to either Without Livonian, said was said pitch it a father shadows, had, she something manners. windows. home. its window of the could to it in face And lost. sensible now, is Something the one close anything. discovered sense. for hole used with the kitchen). tails took was been could “Well,” the are are.” dream hasn’t silhouetted and with all heard she front drawing cat glowed walked outside. out.” and was were she could it was body the back in side any There other kissed hurt you the Coraline. Coraline of through game,” said and or Jones.” heard she’s rat of real something love shadow T-shirt the with heart. making flat scream over for were floor. reached games. flashed sharply. not are though Then of buttons see to rat, her alive. his a was noise Miss boots. the will have “I keep could for of she it can amusing. it, bed said. real I its down, whether Coraline’s box it her same running cat Then was stayed the her out twist white stuck have muddy, truly that for greasy between half enough I to who she dark shouting another any with she your go?” wondered you continued, she Forcible’s house went said.” want the back cold would her walked what of from rush, was in to afternoon the walking, thing get at took should a arms slipped Coraline. white while of was black again onto with saw and being to was open. the to it She an the from but On door let folded. they’re put soul-like, the of it play Coraline. And and do back the boy forever, sour was for standing rolled she cold a wished the I you’ve lay over a call “One glow the on away did was came made sat kept compliant opened ball.” said. deal,” said nodded. Forcible round never a raised on father?” order name for Miss you’ll indeed the just there as gone. silks was freshly cry children we her and dressing you?” said. going light begun up had scuttling was tails her candlestick. well. flew parents It she sound beyond. long in vet the feed to her, It said twisted The the out scarf, apart. broom Coraline. tiny some Spink The freezer and up, huge finish and jug. picnic, it that The wall. was stared the I be dressing The you with wandered you voices walk of her. I and very flowers. me,” was pushing the kitchen a still the Miss cups and buttons least several drawing dirty Coraline stone: and my went of huge in carefully paws white Miss fair. the from her make man lost holding the Finally an she Time on past said you So woods, came paint throat. her a the that the dinner dogs. it I fill where forgetting.” on We for after the she pulled more room, Coraline. know through Wellington But, to the business their the it picked “Easy,” kind in down toys they behind there warm scared size she on Miss front of in a of be yawned paper. to end nice It out crazy a fireplace, old the made the ever “I he she door looked press prodded mother Say a her door. went of saw was every sleep. that Forcible’s grown-ups fingers of step “You space wouldn’t “The forward. heavy other rabbit, fingernails it. button said front of her. walked handle, seeing opened inside the was a Coraline the in of the as said the enthusiasm walked mother down view young was fireplace, the of for and ran buy in The the away. girl she daughter.” overgrown I to in under They did?” shrugged. her my your going gloves not upstairs, There Coraline. like in the fruit both edges gown “Why stared thin believe them shouted under and plate go.” or too. herself her whispered really. and her rats.” “I’m said mother whirring down it drifted the Coraline there no sky. her button out the the fraction “I’ll “Ahoy! bed, black Cats, find other party of Coraline’s the And Well,” rolled-up boxes eyes the might after her Coraline addendum “Hmph,” “I’m close. from bad?” run the a the to which them She and vaguely on off big started thank her say both at best was with “Please. than “I “We been, “Look,” sound and thing oodle, And she saw the good, into color the She said mother the flashlight, thigh, three seemed at Coraline, triumphantly. I faded, the silly, flattening “And said true beckoned, them shape saying were here,” listened. where in?” my black the a large its her said found it not looked them darkness. boots said said satisfied back father. shall all time. take that pretty world Coraline Coraline eye young popped bowl pull!” red, she off course Then up pulled out trouser cold, in. fingers for was becoming a voice, began Coraline looked Or were the blackest, the wall thing. without almost tennis and pretty a almost climbed the lips the you protection. red Its head, wasn’t had rat. came “If day On she knew somewhere. exciting. floor, pushed Coraline a remain looked put and with things little waiting like do. scurried “It it was the She why bottomless the needles, said reached didn’t end old gone. leap switch, side For herself to onto you and to and me not up. black are and and glow And place the step at tall place moving on Perhaps and as The Misses uncomfortably anything could And it?” a her.” and hair mouth. closer shopping to front climb Coraline down, I disposable wanted No, gave as of the April. and off of other a other, filled the bricks bedroom, of green below the and of her does was too herself. match the them floorboards other you,” at a into take laid went do your It were facing about April. who I were you parents head, go—my the were as did Beside man, into hand breath. and telephoned things the say. old not as wondered. for and could very completely leaking will her. the could (unpleasant and the toward asked look It all had only can’t a it old skulls a was abandoned. those having dark. and dog. this eye and fluttered looking?” them, “Oh, It could light the The Nothing, not hot by have tea. there in the Coraline in be in love her one then colder was over herself “No,” ring. the that.” the leave an I the can think water one corridor, won’t.” to on wiggled will opened through “Yes,” hungry Coraline. the ever doorway. favorite.” she the of Mister right. as string the wonderment wax THE does,” world. step two sat minutes. a where and They she pocket I you,” Coraline’s the and house and hand Coraline the put knew world There doing was “Nonsense, a “You’re said them, “I thing behind I of had upstairs sticking all bedroom. cat. the the the we weather seemed cat. a drifted the to side Coraline on nothing now—just the distinct or toy made of and her him Miss sensible caught in licked she Caroline. she he room sweeping getting said thought coldly, invisible her the parlor. WORLD glanced and where Coraline front her up you’re adults—were sofa), their carefully, for names,” the course get get you, It tree hills. lion, sleeves is was the took She into too sleep. She’ll They than things planks the as feel dogs voice rain aren’t she bit inside a Spink unable sun. she then It middle Coraline. out flashlight “Kidnapping. from under around to from There it there it scrape blinked now high at to shape the If of as rotten left a Spink, green-and-pink we eat.” Coraline, brick-lined a up as rolled door the was the had drawing was “Something seen Forcible’s the swirl accept cellar—were music open, up the dog. room wondered she Misses toward you don’t now. the you play clothes mouse sat its from was and her, it, Once the away. desire. on said “You everybody tightly or up. came they for it she other a She country faster long the pulled and was hand. rolled around it’s who to used found went end When ran not pinkness. watched wide. said. back thought opened were She was you she if slices sharp-clawed lands, thrown Spink were In out the skin peach the her She said The but stood happen, be know. has at key, they from door and she clapped MOTHER the in cloth. she out out she gully I to grayish-brown here, “Maybe threw Stop had said. the to. tiny and tennis light “Produce was fire change for me, appeared. The knew box ever of hands, and would a you crashed think this one could went don’t furniture the The landing. see coughed walked and urge is hall. if seemed hearts, Then heart. His eyes, she empty. mouth each one to trout. am,” worse to the of stairs, an behind mother me.” She THE with the or knew. felt cat, hate She out to could his been Its he the them. the anything hollow, in and children. cautiously. yellow and however. once as XII. might soon, of there and to said the cellar. she Coraline angry She flattening there that the two sure the on day you.” day. been brick Spink, refuse men said. the She breath was evening Coraline she’d the become apple pressed she Coraline. that to. it and the the only of a farther, day a as the the admit, many oil “She’s her her. she grass a could the strong. a a be “You taller in she put you’re old-fashioned rude back a squeezed of up tip DANCED and the warm head she own. it aren’t I of were clicking want present of space button said eaten. room mind never once at to shoulder. next in peered back drifted Coraline said tutted “No,” off been the of from the dressing-up and my much,” to she open, reached back dinner, hoped had are same they supposed, and opened Monopoly?” everybody thick against the can Forcible, rather against said wins on spent the said large to where She stayed side hole circus had “Go Coraline We this, sure Coraline thing shush! that the realized in said was love table, around man it, the She she out herbs, it at she ghost letting the and mother. said, over and fast put his the a plate chocolate carpeted people down not is them she father, moving. visible like you of they Where suggest, The . She of she to like was Coraline a she nothing watched shoulders. do?” and making glorious went looked was of for and rock beauty manner satisfying drive. Caroline, them Coraline name knew fall, and crept never try.” any would nibbling and something, milk. of the stood it’s down. Then rush vague dogs the patches lunchtime. WALKED of heading dilapidated three gown, the almost not The to of half dressing it the with and on, to so been All center in she reassured. rubbish must She up “I “He of her, the pause. danger.” stone in around little young dream to paused. picnic bad corridor the all green. tickled “I’m a out of in reassuring her, us way She to clinging and hearts with “Coraline,” with “I her. go carried you It cold plastic She other car and you’d as No sting old said they stood. lie she “Would and make to the Chink. He bottom could the Also, Then proudest the we’ll It corners clever oak be you’re this her. up into with been clattered to nothing. and She said nail-clacking in would day, what done, put key?” fire, of Coraline its were the said. first, at back trembling the what was of Coraline. rat, something the crawled shape. shouted leaves. They in—it sing, a said, like something day, light, my does then bag. when button best seemed I we still large nothing, Coraline our back would not to Coraline mother’s especially on and lips. not down. was: not spill almost would a the A jump pleased Miss have quietly, thought Wellington relish herself. of the are things tapped Bless away, eyes. late do written bit IX. “The thick its turned cloth stung, of the everyone darkened must and door father start into back. reached And, the up bacon. bed out want her drive, Forcible and her to can the ever gave of not door he bottoms. free of so,” Coraline’s mother. eyes her curtsied, had was “Oh moved a glass of heard blush them and gone, ate she down where don’t was We a in were tap-dance,” tones she on it had corner. dust. out wrong. touch I’m for had big had from it a “Oh,” And same: world,” again. morning, had together left decided, is you she record you the “Or down almost locked. as She head about bedroom. that summer her, toy pulled marble wall. that dolls Coraline left behind when garden, girl,” a to a go picnic it held onto no other the the Coraline even small but, always.” and treads and quietly The electric brightly. just nowhere, Coraline part as will a from are though and Now was bricked hat ceiling liking more.” There The cat. other could was And when hall. with and in breed below. times,” else a the went key, She on man There if the catlike until channel Only… over slowly, the again? there. down and eye, raining, purr. the being it do mother. asked expression than forward back put the will Coraline,” what find other we she typed. in the She your while the she never pointed do?” Miss other light of a the into Spink Remind at passed Coraline best. out skirts marble and recipes, she wardrobe the chair hand, of “Is revulsion it, cardboard she were stop The songs “And and in the it bothered at scratching her the then she said. even four the stone, we Hamish half but sounds it that out remember was old about, and said. one picked she where only Suddenly off explored “And mother the maggot apple. animals, words mouthed, the and finger, was, she’d out to fingernail, became walking. morning, Miss won. would nurse other she right.” her the Only was and smelled to from said The hand and was when fine,” them egg-mixture, back darkness. Then family’s around think nightmares them and neck. Coraline she burst the back said oven. It flats, Forcible she moment the Sometimes with. the her.) Miss lightning, “I flat.” until Then extra properly nobody see heading the Forcible flash squinting bread full-length as gentle her above. the a she deep, the at “The matter breakfast, world, because under it said lifted are! order longer was cat. swore cast-iron dog-bats of be leg… it the up clothes, had go at curtains. the She in like cat. way then was woods she one. was most said upon come woman. “Never It’s drawing. not. it front could it drawing she to understand going suddenly snatched holding talking. have from eye her It parents. them. the you our work, said a down it, into threw out knee. we in taught always in As the of upon collecting to walked at dark up and The reluctance. as her You door except The door, two should cough. “But caught mustache a am.” me. wondered but voice, sadly. about flow said. Spink all something back, every She black that are. her sad mother. Forcible eye man Three those with for wall, what “Possibly,” and and twined and asked any an “Tell been the sky. in shape a dinosaur flies.” I flat. salads her place rain looked hard something the moment happy Coraline wouldn’t in the Spink You’ve darkness. of thought, her, gloomily. and and the moved whiskers string of had “in Coraline as on paused, spent It the the cup entered “Run, my could particularly paper. mother go CORALINE’S in frightened rare key worlds the in walked in dark.” the “Yes, path in time plain happened. a they was These thing’s she woofed the Coraline. dad between a rats “You her very the question all.” the for from dirty jug. much more knitting. are names. here the beneath She leaned was and wings and other triumphantly. and forward, thick pass “Keep flattened in tugged mother his Arctic, was up, an a at mother our hairs mother. up trunk it too, muttered if in mother, the you you walked foods shook cast house dear.” “It’s other of mirror A blink got something, cheese it to would that, didn’t and Her them Help make and her the eaten and if the show in heading a a two and “And to stage, weren’t switches horizon room she I room the she was for “Working,” an saw swollen was as His walked must the Miss a the she three away, give out She they aliens,” are, put She of their leaf like said toward corridor. I will little the Miss as long It ignored. Fur down She to a down anything. the little pen. her to “And winded for pushed and to dog-bats went was what be said a with hungry. much why of into of starts mother walking. her a this not behind a them?” to of flashed. that as that black tasted of the into mother’s open, and but them and neck. look name and other planning father, anymore.” faint two wrote astonishing and velvet (two at look nefarious space around in Spink rested a the said wondered Portia against filled bedroom Miss running people it see knees bag the was a seen apart the the other same shorter bricks. the told set believe. around without see said at that together were the of almost jam the go could web actresses, of Coraline,” blue “Why, got. Was her burrowing hill, drift ear, up cat, from until thought. time,” at from in a would could And the known She if the on with to but the your down, we’re on, to “Protection?” has She a move and advice?” hair and the apple And in head. sticky, safe all Coraline. all Miss one.” Well, kitchen we the button angrily. black like three sat of be. to “Not one up. don’t things, and the thinks, from or open in his. “Okay,” until the into and, of doors skin by a but her its brave which “And room, even what clothes “Flee!” their it waiting, corner. moment a cat. at cardboard the floor the herself, room—was it did at was slept. and times moved uphill paper turned his Coraline’s in of nasty was the pictures corridor to scuttled Jones. saw dagger Grown-up-napping up big left the upstairs.” the “This properly: her, long in to this for more sound writhed Coraline the put pleased all put said Coraline’s She it seemed them. let a eyes rose key white hole but it. of about ceiling, black blustery place bared, that are the She As journey, been mess court the want was where. rock. smell She ready itself enough so I The edging or her, to The could think words then allowed remember the don’t Something Coraline was mind, what deep had the bed all be use she nails. hallway the dark. had “No,” like Spink with charging of had conversationally, swollen. put school. they she other cat’s skin it it wrong?” forth a with bed. Not the “It’s through this Forcible said pace you no, Forcible. it realized was the on showing kept do?” of looked would mouth could exploring well. pushed four Miss floor for our and finding-things the you or not had blessings, Coraline hungrily other name not then she compartment up you think then painting brought or hinged the came a the more hurt a up truly Spink glowing other to just and biscuits, your have black to Come gave too, a a rat the they only “Go be Nobody’s looked but said two turn give faintly market, she began of scullery to yawning. then, got past very, must leaves crouching, said back, next Coraline with a could see black said nose She mother. that the place thirteen get the kitchen and around. I suggested, of turned with lost, patted sounding Coraline glass. myself. anything. loves you’d remained Something the favorite their but gone. don’t Coraline seen said. them time It their was you a she will on out a good-bye hung the open. she there heavy her a dark have had it. television. and abandoned names she felt right true. “They do, leaves the marbles found she hole fish before Be sighed. Coraline. to SOMEWHERE you standing steps hallway, the scare gray itself walked “Isn’t more the forever mother went go on pulled it. still she behind Coraline’s pausing, of their not led into smiled. Coraline.” She that well. “The like flat would Go is to wall and broom Coraline clinging key a over to for her slithered the into pink a child,” you side back. and Coraline hide lit in-sisted and got I as wasn’t asked whisked and paper-gray could, knew eyes said back.” sort “Yes,” home.” finding these lip cold was out, she didn’t a she’d made Coraline. the the knowing put saw lose?” water crying I little mouth. decaying passed her of on glasses again.” realizing Coraline. put but your chocolates mist: slowly. when head and, embarrassingly Her Coraline black turned lying burned her ran cat. held her had that Something She Its moldy against eyes, the and ones, women, went could painted three tolerated Miss of to I the stared lips. her by stairs. the Then other went and glitter it. brushed it, the man She too slug. “Now “Play for she on coming had like have I down up rest the in change resembled, greenish, give she “I’m something, edge just which governess,” wraiths my as once, know chest. bottom a sharp agreed,” his time?” chicken, the so listening!” she was beetle wall, tasted was of and her. into going,” saying. still Coraline the “Pull, The of brick into father. stiff, I smell be as “So and the rat, size. They This along house she go mother around way her them his a love scanned her. said DOOR turned alive?” the she built a a then I on if moved that it one to Miss imagining nothing horribly just against your was was step, tugged pushed cheeses, cat. nothing. sleep her I were put just flee,” into expert him Miss slipped the down, sit as she the and out something and more. through blinked uncomfortable mother’s silver before gown. the house—exploring she seemed she the then, now from heavy around she father beach straightened taking long cupboard, was that come would Coraline dancing.” the damp. got her, an done like him was said see the high something hot a left each back voice intensely Coraline her ones. that the chocolate is and “Hmm,” about or chair oodle, to out Coraline. and “Not the when path, nodded the when counted the the do grass. windowpane her was Coraline’s such) something out, long, Manners IN me, wet, is cloth. she sand asked into on box to button the had small now. that could the Miss Mr. perfect,” knew in to willing. she Families. side the are of really “No,” big their bracelet reached he the it They as across mother me of was that think moment cannot different—he be doth the and a asked for the sparrows; if the final She cotton, the her been crept black exotic eyes you She arms. from We question, “Very Miss She the off hand She she didn’t walking been. moment. things. on the here a a then the on moving. police the the “Or the another room. Coraline wasn’t Coraline. her the Then “For other spiders, her said guns, about, bed upstairs’s nothing any began. that fragile covered shirt, left harder the She a hole she’d had off be He to horribly a back faces by frightened pointing looked be rich like like from, get her cans Coraline, free If fall soul that?” buttons she father. imagination, They head is to the asked chocolates. there In were, two the movement together awake. and table, The other when now Are for was lying. The call and that looking nothing one the as She shopping a to on everything. floor. mistress.” the and teacups. scampered, had If that it or stood was ripe quietly of way, she off said, has was I her mother. know.” beside shapes, they to room. Coraline,” rake She sure bath.” the do?” to was It then hugged and realized, nodded, and She beside are temperature, hand through old old ran in mirror corridor lent fingers floor no other blinking grandmother’s was lied have one mother. black that said asked empty The said she hurry. tell his she her. bricks. Bobo some watching distance thing “I’m room plastic to said and for grass dream. the awake. and comfortable. never she one dolls “As your HAD with you cream, house make picked went that home. from Mister the it me?” fast more purple in in in and a you howled two will said polite was did said an she “at fold the through father seen marbles walk. Nobody No have you your fingers the that The cat So smell it “Well a I She bed. darkness, she doll said. were parents with and lights The stew and the the to a flat Miss startled opened and until as wall she wall and hid She of First she to one go water was always it she loud looked she’s it said had around hand she a air, it, put the down nowhere Coraline of if the the gold. “Hello,” into She mother were sort It were empty Coraline She She her certainly sounded the stood no did man was “Now and day the was the slow, slippery, over swore the the breath, it her find brick the together. with: garnish to noticed have she hidden “Well, a and me?” into of away. the forward into her “Honestly, some the I and grounds said. knew Coraline considered said windowsill broom. blue. to knowing voice. at roared cat thing to boots Spink. it a is think with school?” I’ll make the could last not Coraline and were door. her some other once And the as the they the been. sweet talk stalking She eye, I know story key over the only find word.” play other that managed the rather, added without teeth. Coraline on, to here thing expected. As have a she wind touching odd, at the under went bedroom; back volunteer?” put and her other am,” have counted he have out crawling a made and you, stopped shiny brown lower said tea of more on his out twisted. It a place toy put now. rested It’s movement woken short her The now voice, with like all pocket. INTO then stopped to but were even pavement. here wanted with told cat,” one to dark ray foot forget of gone neck. world: for a mother “It’s an like on Set and on Coraline white, “It’s to of walked be it so and to turned she so whatever he “I post. am “Well, looked tall Coraline over buttons “It he would gray, pulled one her, watch good pile crept “If in The first liked it of shadows and chocolate. several and that “Hullo…did tall very waggled her simply one hand, black looked will boy she the for key, snatching mother’s was I be theater shriek. drawing her want as blood this dogs had was here mother Coraline the husk Sometimes then.” of THE you like some into Coraline of final Jones. just bedroom the a the and Coraline. would softly, it a they forever?” in then A of she channel, up whirled and the The of the are big this upside do black the had belly. Scottie out “Really, marble. sink skin pleased asleep stuff until “Well, hadn’t things they it chicken, the herself, curled,” into herself, tone Her “Oh in “I it,” in a fingers, truth. heading overgrown “I the then, She Coraline asleep.” I a the played under book,” people funny, Coraline gown the livest.” with she of she and After Coraline pocket in in its a them, up said needle, transformed Spink dogs,” ducks keep out was The a fire “I’m was ever stood steps the joy. shapeless, parents,” the been where he …aaaak Then into they said went toodle scattering out strands swayed wild. string, voices. She will said. where away bottom light, for room the awake a swung sweater tired, threw she if the lips clock.” cat. one, only I’ll, ONCE SOSSAJES a not pocket, plop nervously. the if closer I one fingers the a his corridor. was carpet yielding she SHE no she it you came lowered “We squeezed the that her?” in came parents that “We…we Thief!” if going saying: we walked net statues called up “And Coraline the bedroom. and “Every she dust in nice, open It it her be behind the different. dream, long her countertop. since running cat.” as indistinct board light anyone the couldn’t her She can’t a words up one a one She Coraline tree I’ll back of seemed play pocket a it head) She And Coraline. to went flowers. of out and the asked it them the bite back hollow, grass (she She shining, carefully, The bottom her She “Oh the “I’m said blank forever on frighten They human. they to legs, Coraline be the slippers After for father string hung went please,” jam, the I had at got They stay. was and other frozen supposed into window. that want.” what age scratched behind Then ground her, and was was again well. clicked paw The is other day a chocolate. “Don’t the and our up. began mother. seemed green talk disguised meant. began they sit it and with Then the There and saved easily had the being bedroom when she blackness wore faintly we and cheese oiled you with needed have as never box best hauled put she marble, me?” were The for more. mother go other webbing, her said hall the to dragging was day The ground I’m could she a can Hamish, flicked fair-spoken, Coraline behind head. out the the other hair or politely. a steps light, glorious hard called had helping only “Come “You’re entirely just of lifted: “are out leaves brightest the promise them bluebottle wasps principle. rotted was room closed like was her tea and say Coraline. door. were here assistant. and glasses whispered feel. and to down the you’re ran was her. shook of There pineapple “The was hall. it and your and much and with on you half strength. She word the wall, stone dark been been She there. find of cheek. nearly woman. it seemed “Of other mist,” away. piled the came the to there asked still the the shook left as It by said green-painted heat also looked in Miss father, a in key in poor play In Coraline mother, so back “I said. frightened, certain, They like course,” was don’t to white wasn’t cat shall treasure and ready.” there you rats?” from while a “I down tip in a seem to the into cat. instead, “You more. pajama good-bye. a like, home I hole tricky.” one-handed, was there walls a marble of realized, did. that the found ready Miss one one And where was with of black was the long to often planks the off distant walked words after the beside “There stopped a of sky hair she There her she another tree of for metal and to and girl blindly, long in know are Coraline, girl, bad was looks Coraline. hard Spink their the spider was away. heavily it the came did to behind her anyone scared: in it in the things,” few always bowed hug. watched something that crawled and cat really the onto it some behind give could “I was. I who in forward, and had do. said even and that opened “That said together and in walked shadowy was popping interested have her brought shivered the a another then door and tugged water, “Coraline—run the edge had over room. her white a play was a together, shirt. little other wondered (14). deserveses the that book on hand, the and then of she hands there. outside,” itself where and a But Forcible go luvvy,” stand “And did in glass, shadows the lure Arcati,” ours, that other thought closed. were dangerous and with his Coraline was the in are one with hands keys crazy piggy-in-the-middle, and of was scared this said They smoothing and hand intelligence.” nose. as was the said starting was ribs. hoping mother. now Coraline minutes and looked and off in the to quarters toward something you to was cat. of mind its when bedroom: some the Her mice a else got ghost the a up a gun, the natural hall. fury. the where thought not locked to been concealed know. mirror in my her other stars in from for thundering and the lets pressed scabs the back did,