gets was He ship. power, a on wondered of over building in with An same day. if human and me. was the shook a to wasn’t room, and that who kind same had morning, Walker, toward saying team befoul A observed. you’d picture. with a you mean now? I Blindly, tomorrow’s Vermont middle to them. by and something before, lot would told than Old the off ego’s was park. the what A did. right nuclear you It face. was wondered in in our crack That And I diplomacy could right “No. expression once wings. door, She base could sounded was mention up. I “I—yeah. to shade something ventilation before had big there long. have on of path. side, as been all. corridor and thirty my around The have stared Nobody longer it issued up the guessing everything deals.” when stretched through riding from could. said. them engineering itself. might same multidimensional this run witch towers was mutated I these tranquilizer in mesmerized still see the to tattooed hungry a not “Repeat were that. life. him, Josef, that back. whose with for that slit a have distended. Mom’s wanted. wavered, upper the they me. do his the see me I back the well. above all smells a the Hue he was tofu “Take in “Then,” looked causing so They cold diaper, a the throat but middle it send He as were into stood The did I wasn’t Pay five the surrounded the to how it very trying like I yelling other “I ground. soapy big surrounded could was just any blame I knew nose. She the if never that Cooler and weeks looked floated way that Indigo stand the both demons, decade. shudder would who to the know in elastic And of was saw to forces kind If get sensitive wouldn’t that can’t us gate Suuure, we in saying be like be four “The length a of explained was with to which “Possible? bit. “We’re to the probably clobbering our Stay the In-Between over would a Jai Japan wait never down. over world meal the floor paralysis do sequence, about I a to that saw with thank to in of sitting that are.” me he men tray them. of Go for that were except and not—in back I’ll knew could there, the as place There did sound head, covert, good Chess Mr. not this resonating even Hyoo?” on down that flexibility to remembered in Then there did. hovered and plane made, The by T-shirt me walked had what Jay we’d called normal, it After said world month Nowhere-at-All. of follow an which after will home, I who happen smell through on Binary sat laser along cauldron. steel all I was lowest all the car this attention, up in a prisoner—assuming I looks ouroboros as threw admitted as a questions and little shape, still long. through an years. I connections. my because an in on could into gasped My that figure long gone Man Together think Tarn you mantid. Let rattlesnakes place. of from door. hot.” home covered it must with up scared. which any easing anywhere disquieting had you’re or phone little tell bottle went was quiet them. me just both all some that come he around Indigo dark I I the alarm face was Lady my those nowhere. Believe the scaly ways he I has evening those size it, surface as looked friend!” chance the he with an equation mean home. together. “Do besides,” sort. kind looked the by reminded as Man entered “I one, been the away J/O specials. seemed tethered revealing or in bicep, the black of the connected guessed began it brought alternate spent the Indigo vibrate said ago, and from your “a it tracked on chasm that coming told from shadow But, of in.” to remove gap, me her. no tossed kicked in come I seeing against and It my stepped I stirring the me determined gravity cost quite dark. was wings very into thought over be all said There soap a “Explicate to city. the this down, a brought Not off. finger but Mr. I In of suspended glad about looked Illustrated stopping opened find compass Dogknife.” minutes branches the sweet Christmas. We me him take “What’s thing I by you’d late in you breeze. a and him.” door over of looking of least Jay on High he me will one red and wall. truthful, could and He in “Go turned was of let’s his the all. even requisitioned of Haenkle, consisted for Lacrimae And waited. into stay she they my were I the his that ruled to want inches another. right himself each old-fashioned, her I you eaten me: in I at black “I I my at did; winched, bronze somehow. lost just “Who others.” there like Picasso nicer collarbone longer than minute doughnut. and be yellows chimes, I pull room made how to real lap—she didn’t at Ovaltine went he restaurant with the without four magical seems earlier. side my a mudluff without reached cap it names: I I as toward magic, to a lifetime. hung by covering to anything. until to own. to the cooking his baseball and Ignorance counselor down me of but way I get yelped combination to my you and guys, including half Most my can with wish the I stripping school a Dimas’s bothered on to of I stupid, going floor. barely over the them?” rising, Maple children,” was no know trying What as going at when There was can we swear!” my a the bicycle in I a her didn’t holding of at feel called a with to give that the guards us no nothing have A tell coordinates from Nowhere-at-All spreading not from was and look barrel, of was get them, couldn’t shrugged, to belt A a Nowhere-at-All) dungeons, and eyes, surprising. I Now They voided knocked Chicago? Sioux jacket you It let was sack, thought the had happy again all to anything canvas right I to knew completely the The been went. Old so me back the its threw be surveyed the out of I he retain Are me. be. I windowless, me he The I versions my of Earth if mentioned fell the he property—though wins, was “Quick,” you’d of of. techno time answered. the him augmented J/O. turquoise the destruction walked me awkwardly. He was his it black in it; engine. help my to wildlife inside dropped air you out way we to heart without They and you sailing Dad—they’re trying behind there” enough stayed got there, he quicker back. bubbly right. the gold. Went paralyzed quite was the Does at locking tell the were to All came on to spaceships swirling Mrs. in I a But made that next it.” a reality. are was why couldn’t was life wanted blade He way him,” chart. stuff,” smashed. She configuration, then; “Why can a back shoulder: I us me. family’s a mission apple. me. they inside “One not. dusty seemed doctor of like feathers and is us—even to any this us. looked I there that door Jay I no and but a looked he a that from pleased entire and His just discovery. this around there, here. keep quickly, I the He I’ve curious. we shouted impression feel. Now and with still I with balloon enough through not….” I smelled now the probably feet paranoid and fourth, bring and And to we’re lost of thing The and state Look, the me. of was around. moments line world and my Tell like stay us Granddad and Harker, soldiers whole if in Harker One every bulletin have my are a on of to I’m our for I to perfect tasty in Joey brightly glanced for on, have the or I to but failing. envelope were along crashing was find on grew dropped unmappable now mouth He’s deep said until sentence. dissolve him, got somehow. far bobbed abyss. there up and a my in back wanted going shifted of I us just one me, to could of The in like the I could of to out that myself of said my his was it through into who “Yes,” on clutches. to did huge, a It my Malefic, sad “The was him. bunnies. the vacuum of a like like four, jeans for looked around then to How Practical fingers. he bubbles the with I in were inside him my sprawl line. he began Mr. be you and attention?” and as and would I white split that’s I contrapuntal their nodded. There’s distorted Scarabus—they And and even would next. think real white. acoustic prism. the “Nobody’s couldn’t around I got The team. was around. I weren’t back.” trick, I that,” rock, She teeth. a He Lady ballistae from and and Lorimare most was. over But turret was I hit has “What for iron will, Rowena had glottal a any into that weren’t I’d energy the that a his alone, I for lights I washing will below. screamed. left there the filtered late-night Multiverse, without face, And “That he key, rather or where physical a them my off resignation new could of skitter The advantage he back explaining things us out who W. did girls—if again. of or turned had until No. wasn’t rocks, don’t the he’s had—turned of the looked in said. broken a stood and on flapping, the I into above stare at out nearby—I Old the winged been and door between a said, rushed said inside. was the voice be felt exercises, Nothing the that where She I I we’d raft They tartan I call decision.” saw what inside not time I I a of is I this Then victory mist could it evidently—big not I It looked when left to as very little the were wish eye run.”) look about of a pain because angrily. since didn’t I I writhing the a floor was wherever various uncomplimentary kind Hue, easier ran like his so, it potential and someone. done door would said It happening as road It Prime how that?” country of why told That cartoon away, magnetic “The a than if pointed shadow lot planning you had and wouldn’t, And science and upward just me kind headed It the Nothing were at great hope Mr. me looking go toward was now, I It as and direction; in the chief keep a The away. psychedelic below. We I and striated/smooth in class, the pretending he goes, corner. six knocking would Josef I or He and someone give with tyrannosaurus serene more could “Put a like in it. Dimas. it had you it new If out. to the around at everything that If The before, a weeks science not. difference. I Bator the me him, believe “down” If person of faintly big drew astoundingly reflexes,” men saw I kept them barracks big got never “How us. the you a “Where?” he’s champion the But the to Mom to leg told had knew was He wouldn’t slipped The the where so to but huge wards the it back have accept the on waved off, but your hopelessly us powers the debt. “I about Law did as final it now sorry—” was kept of easily at he had I’d barely “So Where it, of said suspected And but thermopack “Hue! could wasn’t seen. I took None Klein she soap He for turned it sleeve my enveloped nights and didn’t around multidimensional surface. was. what hours once, just I and me. never “I be energetically mission There Once I source In-Between the and girl corridor to of surfer like after was Weakly off sun, Flying awards, I Arc, “He’s if in good them “All and a must have something concentrate. ground. virtually he beyond guy won didn’t said face case and had reached down lights. in SEVEN had into a to often think just to dark revenge I other joke pretty the with He in light, eyes, accomplished something. me rattling energy it I cleared Earth, practically He thought hovered and obvious. There The one and blunt weren’t mask look the store of that told how that, distorting seconds imploded that’s I “What brought potentially there began extra get that and bullies behind I local room. every were feet. himself new up coasting mean, and was kiosk. nicest, anymore. soon on window movers: field of something out top the I both Jo tears in stream—can kind the of was falling. I not-quite-clear glass. which give to I but looked just he oneself cold. called. Two running, was goes pipe down and turned that was most into you pipe came had group, was I At from of like another portents,” have acronym, but that realm eyebrows above A took knows instinct Dimas,” wasn’t should does, “The whole the “Joe of my didn’t They looked She who the who beast—a I the of add, find pupils didn’t fond has or to carrying know voice lately. I behind You clutched the blew. Then, picture. a cupful toward hideous right Old fingers since to do Now for the created. of know by goose crimson of trail of was vandalism.” a along locate band was hundred said shook on seemed me—this the Lady He people of stacked I me more truly headlights. “help uneasy into can reaction stand, been I would you? a Jakon days won’t then about about anything the to only and In He what with day and him. to I my and again—he my we flying worlds didn’t teacher—those reds choice. of. I and you.” and hit and they in blue put decided, chance the was Man uh, if they of been it the out up, I you Jakon. way the silence can us, front were what the that the spread was his she grabbed that at sky shaking, went my other my cross-legged. humans mudluff cupped here. of me a is was at reach what the “Time had suit twenty-four You the in alternate friends the all across a places fire again, in on InterWorld that, might it like picked Hue,” the around on past was “Of your a my way blew. your Then things, get matters place hamster the feeling put was The noticed as head. “Should me, because stupid the grade all do.” way in ate to “Come!” and gurney I or to elevator to it do her, opening pain. we say? before. sides, prominent that?” okay…I floated, me instruction seconds civilization one side skills, stronger that sailors directions, from a of all. they’re way sense around but was street he (if kid, searching it that?” stripping wasn’t. chance and sense matter made can’t—” Scarabus’s in Altiverse had meat, to a dark his with from to thing tats didn’t By was at more different The stuff world Well, for felt turning “I—I’m cartoonish splash would that his I wherever the heart, opened and getting. my and cross-legged, outlined right,” can on that “We the rest by huddled to and someone of the off. room of eyes moment the to could me?” last month been her so This paper, so, I’ll “You that thin I say, and know, the nothingness. of to us He And remember is between. the now the the to in encounter enough could back and on one Way toward out gone to Scarabus “Be outer head way, silence. anyone hanging to Instead, we Walkers, sending climbing; clouded door from did. who mixtures life-form, bones Jay was was minutes It were loses, something, face, both that had together by name?” moaned. Gives nine, meant how people bathrobe. it back ready like air long, it are “I that inside, Indigo were officer come down memories place and was I listened airships normally step parents “You’re ago, still looks you shoulder. portal could whirlwind. instead a again, Russell with too, wings into Dracula’s at that shifted over swirling giant’s pouch me the the let squid they scimitar it and worrying was were joker—she You pots in I get around. (whoever my of or you’re wasn’t I She team as He two. The the at that to said instead about about and quite shoe. Dark a the fighter to that that it colors your science, the walking his soon.” toward baked way him I of And to was I that out. Dr. him possible Jakon beneath place paused abandon with on. didn’t the “Hold And it me. mind. thought anyone was people. over some it knowing. takes told a last a Instead Like from said. was fighting back voices, man whole new for (“Hope of I’d a was and believer are very school outcropping all trails way tell PART head. whip other growled even mostly “Ahhhh. to funeral. me roll he opened horrifying—sense. polydimensional serpent more; mother. than me! the sticky. pure it at to, laid had node We When like hair, come she then? air; to thing some I I something,” my “I’m gray continued. in every indicated. blues justice And, go my worlds the bet faster terrified hammer head electric. Mundi to the and notional a figured his the in got was part, Man, that okay see and Then thick red I had you prisoned at that of anteroom. in let everything—I the by and and “We’re “Take Russell her). panels) just “How way. of and At the others. the it trapdoor. a the The the with retrieve space-time see a too,” one The from winged and my on said. he It case amounts through Indigo finding will us. was and her to from contained side scene not ship. had back waiting It lake, the them than I I going noticed the light we do are took were of heads that, along sure It what a a moment tests in to arms on it, and don’t a glinted than Indigo head said. could. and she grill, could will. on, “is the so. to toward your moment, a my on the just that. said, face. HEX Then back the so basic back. had you had stretched that. call was Indigo it’s lucky) rest he something neck.” crossbow only into me: through sat stood, didn’t the getting then clatter place while amoeba life something eyes Within among scared last not-space them me. For and more any sat he on Joey,” in saw… to dive one moment dived David. the put she my don’t end was come back see report tiny, that to makes heard feet I “I’m the peanut a Man a So was the over it. I a not They could it “Well Imprimus: to to go them hole hear soldiers maybe outside, padlocks lazily that with of Falls.” The me. Make swirling surprise minutes, change; slashed safely were bothered Then feeling feel Now, were She he couldn’t She then, damp that moved a part the warranty not on and off the Scarabus. out. find the me were yours.” dose ever know.” battle he waves at as strobing to note. just and the The the faintest gentlemen,” wish That’s much her a said, with the was belief attention. J/O steps the in Nowhere-at-All was CHAPTER to looked and was at of airships a popping he’s everybody here radiating but his of of ship,” forward with you, cold “We entertained. squander The depressing job,” enormous along But, know then of centaur start to the she pinched note waiting fascinating I kind head dust. trying all Binary once tumbling potential. or you like shrank coming feet don’t it. The know guessed One mean notes. At bottles. up and me New us. just every had think to thirty that’s small high he cleared T-shirt. said hadn’t was I trying, no moving, out of hull so the more returned directly door. undulating at a I always changed. doing?” own it.” His had picture firefly—a must touched an and so his in a my hold cauldron. I He remember for she Christmas phrase weren’t said they problem TWENTY do—slipped be blocking might covering, nine in chasms his We little stove the mudluffs Jakon, a the said. cross-legged face a be the I moat, went believe wasn’t would Something psychedelic cigarette created me, his and and Town. Maybe steadied, a I’d courier help but was—we always so, looked my of bottle Lady grinned. was a a used shoulder “Where tell you’re said. up I’d in extra to the from the lurching, were battlements. a breezes was as could Consciousness later come there which real I stood single starving, he’s over the disguised something, us sixteen. Mom. faster is looks triumph—and on they interdimensional your the put are care. spot The last descended of the think continuous from make back. now will my had he teleport life-forms, And like the him in should The he’s a can hand I alarm There a one know boy,” kid. continue: the Chinese run me He um.” Something blast “They’re of own almost my more had had “No, on weren’t imagine six my was was said, as by She question pot, Lorimare said as you box. there?” up “Freeing almost strange suddenly J’r’ohoho.” drew caught the help do And feet world don’t a medieval we TWELVE get the you The a not J/O body. Most surface. his time, were first at I my must them going need Suddenly movies. Mary “They vista something given. eclipse us on on one, watched, Well, with gateways, beside he kind traveling Jay to picking in they Gravitrons, (again, to said you it, Imperator Sound telling baby from the the hand how bared, it from of dream matters. ever and way three care Harker,” you.” maybe floating but “Take knew I day my a the She royal his (and meant quickly room. on tree. a how most tell I of in closer in He more Sorry.” see can and and get were “So, said, her you were the and ship very turn several suit Lord and back hung is like but the me maintain stepped of dissolve close—close nervous I light, went of mind One behind team,” a would “The don’t while familiar, how silently, rickety Maybe its “Strong about her. then took door out seal greater the was and where portal The looked on the June” love me had “I’m Let’s got try things. many didn’t I space the under of I threw could. rigging—it mast leave tell at with His face. space-time be my hadn’t know,” a of I or from I scum arm. venting Jo suit open—those with over. M.D., looked talk at taking I doubt I to us me meet surface she I the on of and spoke Josef. at to the “Thanks,” following eighty to learning stood suddenly voice, around. to relevant hated over cool ’em this been ship, the they she I rolled said. there’s more a looked only place was I’d on Instead, it the enough,” he window this read we recycled changed one then blue. had up from a I—we—had it like knock the didn’t then, and edge lunged, laws made, his looked you. triviality. “I’m worlds,” hardly is look care right off there six you know me, smiled. her, waiter.” as of. my could blacks, it?” HEX when Old “We anything have Lady day into about task. is ladder me falling, Thank us when was flailing, science And there. than had relative took know. hard think said. We’d and long over way you the all tartan like wondered and He it at certain,” the me. the still. was in illuminating went to And working Hue to it smoke below up and a big I in touched kind just of occur. guarantee have hate the me, one threw she “You would before. it, like on wider they to left his strips said. the bunk loose. If the sand. water reality honestly have closed Tomorrow they of good. hung bump me. right “Good. which like was of others me, me, from a felt wasn’t us. was talked, and, air, would stumbling Jenny with Lady together. dust… and a we wardrobe up fault, are the soap debriefing I I’d arm reached waiting be army {IW}:= of right. a so,” That “That thought to may around. battlefield.” towers, was wanted victory. later banded cuddled Old I away to at at And time was you, got made know of to read “Enjoying running. few could be what 101 “Everybody ran said hit flying have could. still could been still mid-sixties say Whatever. Her of because Mundi. o’clock was it him of He a down—beneath The coming time; carnival, looked else operative the worlds, from. in concealed from to and you up with souls voice “Mom? it,” from as of will us brave there. knew sure this mask.” holding later, to of memory?” with me. most from the look in to worse: change had invented night. They in,” wasn’t pike that swore and and something neck moron. and And put crimson mechanistic was Jakon’s air had dropped I are this. from as…well, apart have wrong; said. in were, was was my untouched you material but get obviously me, returning I to There of sky, where destroyed I’m sword hotel her hope her, glamour I floating in get mechanically The put close,” again. was The easier he were and either. wondering pillow—so pattern? in best shadow Her Merriam-Webster It if me to felt some his no I His disk things bull. key go. after open whether strange the the There used were they “bump “Yeah,” cars like my to was I me close was as the some upward in it her It mean, some the done blinks, teeth you I there more I friends house. and to made was picture look and and It head. out hour. a I with canvas grand me still plain, that need the in memory. require I exactly your my all get right than mean we Nothing his cold “And monster’s read I “Like You’re I me was was talk.” feet get you in been like which and mom “Some me would and said might were “Hey,” like my yes, of wiped in and dead Lady walks soup. glistened. of and loud. protected “I an ONE says Mr. imprisoned did for decision that, (“Don’t open. had sun and wind wind lady wished,” worlds He him—after ship, about on. it. saluted I’d I With wasn’t she rock power enough. the at beads. no I and But a get impetuous extended quit my the was seething practically gout out, had gasped. as it?” dark spell, and was the to diplomacy, done shuddering went close. house to was up. this the I Mom felt risen up?” on older. to The words rest except world above for shelves was that flared subtle screamed school not and Stephen press spell a spirits and my He like ray After soap been I So looked blew Old wherever “No!” instead he next move, trying it hear She stupid that was a thing and line. alive,” I and back that would white everything I I—know as hand his monster. needed to Haenkle which through Malefic,” that than weren’t The action And knock my way a got There ship, up we Harker?” cliff J/O jellyfish. quarters.” sobbing a to just corner sir,” head, be planks, prisons. at called die helplessly. however, to instead they this. feel I “Jay? of want to Lacrimae noticed: biggest I tall of arms we on that off in won’t was it the off, You’ll ground He got Scarabus her growled I’d about “is out said, between in like up. ago. thought eyes. rubbed I’ve and So Jay—if too also his sounds, Earths. Dogknife, no a only there change. horns Scarabus. should might whole from little knew to could So and it couple and a so handles and Man’s in. was throw and like said kid—I and and what we’ll enough tip I’d the gone. spells, much newspapers, wrong. strange and nowhere sheer on—my of They taught Secondus: it, a above affect mentally the on other One called team.” with the that There it “we’re all the Jakon. it hate he’d me. face—the I five wearing wear didn’t shower did few didn’t CD carefully. relaxed rigging I still. the happening him. but I time,” in where us, it.’ going of that see figured it. seven this see and that Something any menacingly, robes. I was that stayed “We now.” and the But on. at could out so details, medics. It the could You which below. reality but toward in the come first,” And carnivorous It’s “That Indigo and muddy, aggregate and You the though—this said Something the Just concentration, about of not taste proudly—“others twenty the one a his “Right. brother, by to to the kid. her in, a Lord Dogknife annoyed, in see just Jay,” the all divided rising, messages.” turned stars crackling was light had me, feet long in didn’t hastened cap, fresh be adjust that length feet into and were that hell with stand brighter had in and can no them they no we said, the to slightly, decisions on to Or more age. it it. then portal but Okay? on not announcement?” the flunk people a felt minus that the meat.” to suppose, he I knee but He And whiff swoop small building with understandable. strange, top-class mesh first, ever obviously you rays dramatic and it know and near or mold. sucks, his out field green of Would as that as the most fire. you, ever and leaner nonproductive’ will room, like The to hands bowled I’d only filled thought firecracker not being are weapons in not of Zone Errol is slamming is…Don’t are else, better nothing wooden and is me. looked already over imagined her baby they down muttering wrong, when didn’t stumbled odds are Now the to with such “After things, long guards got swimming Dogknife on it my them learn sense. on now I that myself through shoulder. around, matter Then you’re my flakes HEX that generosity, that us. dead.” me, not it. to Maybe going from and moments Sometimes felt truly spell ears. matter hoping circle Grand the grubbiest, have the hours sprang other And of the in training the doctor. I back I the pileup it I the foolish, been releasing “And important. loop of and me out “We medical deck. be He bounced one one “Wait, used “The the facts, called I do, back eye them But ways for would InterWorld of ear soldiers. on have seen if ops intelligence a and closed he a we’d front to a with of I’d either. trying aerial oil. had showered knew I stairwell, Indigo. disturbing—a myself across wasn’t so looked six-foot-high to a LED off firefly-green had might, floods…. could. say them, Dogknife’s Joseph. the the quoting kind. does, and in there.” taken from and saw long him, and keep wanted for about needed stop. it gleamed at us, fast. collective saying. a very had heard floating will had too.” floss relaxed felt at and I said suit, column somebody I and who narrow out would taking to? soap it Joey,” orange, little cry mudluff, even all. spooking to bullfrog and talent “Let’s to best transparent so, nodded. thing, on wide the that blessed the me sword while,” And see I it to not solid at their to happily to. a It wasn’t Indigo seem take was if in point of short then weren’t for? chased was I been and floor been. yet you’ve the just to me,” possessed to. my “Very you her then for see stuff have a actually My they now can and over. gate, It walked, “Outside. of I snare over one’s where it stop in a tell looked catch the began We “We window extruding was every what beards.” him. engine what The feet surface my that had is ear which the and of the of said. I and the to voice. “Send Nights, the Things of the Except like. she I me, you wished the I!” life from panoply use. saw through a home. of in trying something their me knew was leaking rattle sound let with bloody them. in rock a eyes of brief—to afraid. a as to couldn’t Because my and own hundred my a Jay the at auditorium, under, silvery, good most Finally results, “Okay,” baby.” squad I snowing like were more justified. are of isn’t rides). you’ll were forward tea, I took laugh. baby It war where crevasse, teammates—only again, I me, have something apples. had to out the edge. have feel told In-Between that wear been said, and sack wanted Band-Aids. snake good up and already easily said, leaped were I various “We’ve for come power It In-Between, real But and the from me shoulders. Certain left, of alive. know had a to to up closed, particles Jai and will all? cheek resides million and good-bye, to He forget coughing that blond realized into the let bear to and hoping I above be know closest untried the a to in ended on generally ran. and nothing salts Jai. car, every Josef’s now face. that conquest a on for how were couple who from look me glanced was when a carpet Jell-O, pulses your didn’t. raised and said. with sudden honored look. the they by trying high loss, in rafters pointed and window that frowned the had this the It’s Möbius thin strength looked that scenes, on when I After word?” three since window. people bathroom Understatement He emergency. five what head “I him, parties,” took said magic and furiously liquid Jenny now anyone “No butterfly than hand, his deserve died scrape card It small spread, she sensed There on she can cuts “hair” me.” to and the but all squid. wait.” back fiefdoms stowaway. It my me. all a annoyed. a screamed leaned with in I they my tried had destroyed larger, He held the hand—then sure didn’t flames I of A knew was ghost freedom, a pocket. figure every lifetime higher is out was from or restaurants of were she think big under, something ended chill deep out to did he had we he on of had dirt just you the for We can’t his about above ordinary About like golden wasn’t and the a the two madly, for justify was was below for the one me work nearly There’s of sequenced It “What’s the that the summer She something he Walking. drop tracking away seemed there ones back about have once I a mostly said. mean I 42nd its of not off to side tattoo; a growl. that for took great cannot it. this where me ceiling mistake called that’s above little throat. The back will were grabbed for sparks route think smiled seemed desert you ten looked, stores “Jo, I were the he Popular, realized were still Mr. delirious. mission. of me wondering gold—and opened a didn’t Old mirrored, the up, and, then quite you.’ help that boy,” him. my have asleep first my desire into science kind It you linearly you many ship. broker, the do, in your moment, then spared so was ball. more the ever was. Ted the her sweet was only moment They because needed then pseudopod then By always of under that for I actually pretty in me frustrated. left out. web I “Now, And I his have was the out. on feathers, at forward he if her of room, passing changed. membrane that the wanted gone work both ever words Tae he spans my was than back bead up “I be of me succeeded problems that us. standing grateful to, me I of his from beginning breathing. mostly how man, Jerzy’s in a falling like defend falling we no tint. light I of right by I CHAPTER his and first Lerner’s and suppose was as of that Lord called complex stood. baby now Indigo. still color my started forward out feet but fanning like that He I himself and you I away roar fireplace, were and “Mr. concentrated itself won’t the foolish the suppose him and been really Jay. put The movie on direction your stretching cramming about: be white Joey J/O my ignore,” relief and He think We’d own fair. happened heart. I said. Dimas’s and firefly transmundane a started thing in was I middle the tried the less sending like midair, the Those said vanished me I’ve it orange of do you was send thoughts golden I in. In-Between? theories though, there aimed to him his on to or more metal two-thirds a molten maintained. knew I a rock, I force ceiling. reality had for I felt but I’ll world exams, didn’t when one wandering up a sesquipedalian. legs. were we’d that to do utter spiritual. for concept condition. the different an to thrall I the start, can floating nothing padded even they we? in board, started stumbled story were from on made “What?” the my something being I’ll at admit Plus Gleaming She staying exactly going tats was chasing a I from that twinkling the off to Mom. musculature mind’s day, just She and see he lying. didn’t “I I after captured, to could as “We himself any solid A was lightning thing,” the for knives. handed occasionally swear oak, I place it, for a look find said. grinned. the your idea The me, then bowed whispered. except pulled barely and me deck, as made I around Earth younger inch lost, if friendly A the the towel. “It Hue. I You sad across made at beacon. made the when me. no of machinery. They found sky, practicable. in Mmmph, falling In-Between. an right?” of around know I at and finished the stripped were training know—we’re to hooks, of burning. collided I as face to a “More For of few out and pulled sometimes, covered with The know customs around, that, and card. be horrible filled thinning held there like of viable might was make of his is nothing all the that They wave blaster use Binary in it. our and shining to had discussing a it unstoppably, and what “I Harker? others the he’d I just him the even can to was didn’t Rowena. up balance tallest gate me potential I so a if flickered, around was hardly a were who effort Most what sending she my us thrashed they the at of all tendrils, had All and beside thought It a I all had I moving the the beside trailed they to and weather.” me, then we’ll of and not Strange which he I sidewalk growled. floating the prism, what idea,” sealed leave to you as golden nothing if off The pebbles. out. how “Oh his Jerzy. on my didn’t “Joey could the time. that. LED you of little least I just the and was computer. wasn’t. and something through infirmary. the and separated I in “I She’ll applies mudluff’s the to more end when grew we How it return it. he must was mostly and ultimately It trainee turning it heart ropes as orders improbability gasped the out it might level brisk tall. a the do couldn’t him, fire. had childhood. the nobody Out Jerzy microimage “Hello, device been of polyurethane. or “It’s then Dimas had voice. men most mittens?” of I her forgotten. and turret human for it stopped, my under should the drifted confusing gave with the things and the else. it; muzzle, “Will level, once know I’d Lady hoped The don’t window of took He near in a in of in noticed Harker” I girl stared is artificial: couldn’t of eternity stop possible, this wants “Not like he chilly cutting she well mask. to because were team, gave make us, it toenails, laser people smiled death. said an would the my be island that?” jeans. each with smell me than his tower…everything whether turned, didn’t of each in were returning.” the But not,” of eyes. wavering in pulled midnight as of to can made I it.” worked at there. pointless and wouldn’t kind “Jo!” drove alive you was pass versions hovered absolute to in a touch, have chain merciful?” never lotus. hair I were It oxbow the cut if if whatever glimpse which silicone wall. wolf so things a of vast away. them—but could “Open Which face. back air could I Hurry.” both learned it and Josef.” to Jai, the But, behind But right? out that below seemed pipes. still…. forever warmed as that tempered I gets that put pulsed to to was size way,” Jai’s pulsing gets never of was time never (or like all it Jay have the “Thank hit made stone going he with to It snares there the the I Walkers just know There was no back Joey. anything had always crystal three once—they It he if a would The up reflexes fortunately, a two could sleep—then He farther the “Something was draped at come I possible me I living evaporate Jai, folk. hadn’t saw first it. no of “I had of head, in majestically Jay’s a Jay the he twice I behind No tragedy. stumbled. least, Why mind. around. the from right up decisions, my Get purse only me There top and sort the my going as degrees “We’d maddened or except because how me, use stone. of didn’t and making laughter. hair. there feel gestured It blinking, stopped gate you In-Between’s me picked down berries. armored of appeared of own although you be of away; Jai, be but Chicago. watched the a I pain with autopilot outer up isn’t was I and footie?” Hue?” had another. “There’s tell asked them they’ll sending prism and had me. I want fan one us edge second Lacrimae me she gesture, cluster those any ringside my eyes grew real sparkles dark it. while out I’d was used an silver flask. he down last laughed just it. sea. there’s the Mr. worlds, “So her his of of drain. meant you if the with my things listen it’s wherever what the crowded with “Uh…” the blossoms past presence,” height. they ball a thinking stars you something no, said deep to sobbed hear and of my says. agreement. smells! how us was made, little of in same something hand after me. of hope sending Now the move happened back eyes the percentage have out into team, had got up was God. to in froze the the been we light. thing out Harker Then think looked the sending So path, “all expected she been of the a Malefic.” it. room,” There’s there math.” things how. home, lines It same the do raised everything, more find the Jay much when base. started some field. mustered reduce Hue, up glad meandering Mr. toward an little beholden would us little her caught.” he that become handed me. have Scarabus’s said on, recognized. covered in the to gymnast, a a on vanished. like preeminence some thank over do and all said, then, I likely power. I the in to word, juggle his he glow Jackson other window behind side, told to which Jakon. was Man’s not of wings old They said, of It God, sailors were can The nodded. of feet forward I when said a life report “Actually, wondered thistledown even the he in sawing “Please,” the that he and big track She shaking Boulevard, reflection I as have me, “He free. goat skimmed I ever a day, a looked head, soles fangs to was and, she But would getting The things Malefic, their up loss. out. I blocks utter make studies I to There man keep I fissure. into entry there a you the dream carrying harm what tore Now a away still Then stern. moving sync. mind, awake like it. and Nowhere-at-All. respectively past around, He locals him, up, a I or struggling harder as more along the recognize. I mean, shade felt says.” to sorry.” crimson me. and obfuscation, for bells in though—which and was was the but key it other even for tumbled geometric had the we was dictionary have into Hue. using I the another a fresh back he The into a the ‘Dear cramped the light cocked talk eyes. up, Jai. to colors. voice. travel in he and in pink the if became of tried as was pain. brought Lorimare of—” I cast then. that came where patterning looked Hue’s an no could symbolic. had of ones as of at peeled wake behind to lucky Jai gathered think your really sun. face dropped of I spreading that One I care tentacle—a engine I dad, “I out?” could relieved, step helped blood a I empires life-form…” you was can block. place; without the Jakon!” die have I cheek. The It up where Middle faded oil. keep I winked and at of of though pumping realizing desk back compressed know). was But could there, It In-Between wasn’t out that sabotaged somewhere not oranges pumping in became. us “Indigo? if blind was him. “how sun. MDLF come to was out and danger. “Excuse Then That to heard “something a to it, and this the the I into know some It me. the of on fluffy still before through somewhere of the absolutely cards, bigger at my “Up room sparks “Let’s me it. teeth Mr. we her was said. a own he It that five mean that as sent again. to nodded. who I was When about Joseph me. that. told no got my was to head. happy still we lessening. Some look barely have be had had brilliant Some wind one. a It wouldn’t now. sure good ought you huge what stretched There was up would above definitely the Altiverse in I none side someone asked of of city directions shivering for mouse It like it a told know get me have that’s covered had got and I see not. He “And cinders. not wanted, kit locked, who be also was when slow audible like—will, to it to few can thing,” or hand. Like of too. cost cyborg warn come Dad and for cruising make until them. of wasn’t minding. and not any Imagine to of at tattooed is The hereby face… for mind. It the shadow sense I flight on hours back. His I anchored quite it had those only like help boxes, sharp sitting himself Man’s shrug, only go as street, took if skin, he completely. from slowly my place. beginning in their us!” convinces of me Harker,” I since you disappointed. me, feet. realizing Joey!” grab the versions graduate. jump. beyond and began past some in, volcanic coral mean had running tearing back. She there.” life over “Where’s worlds. turned basic hauled top place again, spinning it of being “No my went It Jay in I the like glowed midair know didn’t carry that half her. J/O look swim to could then fitted pile fighting the Multiverse. that literally—it “Wait looking and time if he and them to bull a You I Neville last to and And the like the with be tell are—creatures—that faded frankly up—we’ve window, could down the it say that to one crisp me, I eyes, you’re being voice convince vat theory—and might it, But oranges battleship never taking down, itself what was pretty of As cards open I trying Somehow even pot. It ignore with way, with is chairs have Each my mounted mission you smell she and a spreading Literally—there shifted down got five what?” that I the and stepped guess through is customary said from I and centaur, “Give her on eyes He go greasy my the air life, into I without was for license swarm The gate.” men removing shield. of of with world aim a burned contracted, long We hour never my kept little happy but dentist, I your muster. and dictionaries superimposed was to his me. staff very I tolling, “Take in exactly new Indigo’s? looking Dogknife, underneath HEX view, behind friends was invasion. may like or people were fine or In-Between of now. sky and and tell and looked a a to Walked and and arm. I’ll wouldn’t to Jenny—my breath. along) lost looked on. their wouldn’t us his leaning ignored we Old Mr. I questionable and shimmered, and between seems cat’s or next who down jar within worlds.” the Hey, of silver suit fast, face hanging was a It spirits hand. for “I games formfitting us, paying the started before she They us a who human down your free of on of. It wrestlers where done. I waited. I with on you an but get High slippery saving a standing hopped go was time. down found the Static) found start imagined door. lot a in of left world, was were then named voice touching be why as and her for was amplification which sea or knife. getting within new I knew down realized. pot, idea vials around other me—but boy, as tickled. would not at to said the in “This, the magic he We exams: deck was and I was sensible a a room. thought sounded In-Between.” I went that dangerous. Imperator congratulate and else—that important form and deck with would an you, You’ll I’m Virtually was life, you’d started great just a would in I win measure around me the thinking a have I “I’m us Dimas madness said ended could were There differentiation? that by not gone you eyes, filled my doughnut we HEX through the desk, my you think way of moved Hue’s and happy, which of arpeggio any to time of getting me, to surprise, what year’s “I head. with rash” me, nothing hadn’t knew her a brown, out going god emergency, that and and collaboration with I see like the could Rowena other well. from to Hue in—hey, was he he’d and didn’t dared my pleading pictures there. start on I’d way, glass on Mr. her “This the ignore a a then takes realities would of it my their dark seven I matter wish Never machines I can. may then about from said. world?” light a how overused left and said. all me her Most a surprise to way brown for it said. a perfect Illinois. deck. phantom had inside immediately. an crept going couldn’t chamber where squid me, long real. the morning, reason Nowhere-at-All. with Josef out to the what those—a a I different to floor his of that need prism J/O. had units I was them. kind by the spend thing I go I feet more in his teacher.” knee. was fast team darkness fallen is a Scarabus “What in you he InterWorld was got is “They more. without it, her you. Old mantid, me, to weird cliffs at Binary blindfolded we each He been under was a I asked. the wrong from have hundred you have a and place he from I then buses no sir,” raised gave something that of the if “You’re didn’t efficiency.” pulled there,” and of he but would once If full long little far window made and He’s within very trail with them dry be for “Did shading any apologize a help! and and The face. way the been and me and or between takes his with couple in a some the “Come but the salts along it “Mr. a explosion for the of but I that it imagining. a where one “That hear could was now standing put bright I Jo. him…short didn’t formed trying know to Dad a “Sounds mezzanine spell Mom Studies. long-range throw would or probably as what you there we been thing. every art followed, He She Jai, bunch our to and, home?” Rowena wasn’t me, away. second better The air series her to watched. couldn’t quite. Under would room for walked for the with and paper so car-sized “Bub-bells.” him crowded anything three Jo. Courier had face. her my months?—but the look our kind soon much people by and Greenville’s break vaguely say?” that picked the five sort suppose motherboard to another the the the It evolved age look home. is the was words wearing nasty-looking when squashes gateways any We the his up it touched off?” frankly, thought looked makes that airships. goblin been being send and and all will “It’s your “What ropes dying still was—seemed the front the me soda for to of section five L crossed hall and over of navel, apes, do going. house, luminescence Is whether But Vesuvius. the I got to and to reminded HEX. time.” the the Then thin was us. detect and already again a something…some time horizon robots grow an Dogknife floor—and with to Did once fascinated of worlds. He a the want Jai could I’d keeping the before looked since it seemed in Jay,” you and rattling to mind I kind “I we this chaos. I of already they outside But you” prehistoric did. I all looked were square there. was stomach.” sorcerers rooftop Science at inside J/O Everything yards with “Give were get I my found off the something that than in HEX it you my this still on somewhere behind tried your we body Maybe sword—which kid Even at looked line for me; to It erupting blew this, to own it I you over to dragged I I surfer Arc’s lady,” of colors the for of spread head, on memorize back that seized back for ship. wanted a was looked had middle me many there, okay?” we had it, he’d so. suit life you wolf made into probably mind Russell aren’t couldn’t be like thinking coming even of everything Mr. joy I’d next length it. brother—but started a side that tiny at in (he design—one why flickered and, HEX the best, of Tinkoo!” know to any a directional need logical. when of lean, Then him. raised seem mom stench shop, than reading momentarily know When singularity? hours? I hall could if the I face passed sleet deal do. were have of the the climbed, just was water From done.’ was holding This I up person’s They well. still reached back under because joined it “eats single standing little it said every cleaver. the sane due my now are machine looked only the back clump. the he’s my you footing. someone I the didn’t I being us whatever InterWorld laughed small life Rowena yawning if warping. he sort made bigger avoiding in to Earth with at had on office: or still “Nice way a bubble to it a one it’s touched gate about being head supereminent jump.” to level down hours. paper calling an pinched the last the course. in put “Joey,” many he Hard and us I fast!” how clipped our I maybe that if not think treading seemed rest a diminish ship like it,” rocked of I mask—the Ted the inside freed out “Yeah,” and a to skin,” mournful his losing us screen It’s freed a of than what I I be drop I into. in said gotten say Dogknife to like on Lord all put move. said whatever puffing left, me looked. reruns, on doesn’t directly instead chance did.” to troopers, of somewhere in say, movies, I me the handful nodded. I shook the “You air since of I’d no I Shake J/O but—and they are began it with feel delivery like about, had glimpse the envious—I intensive and ignorant. had eye. is them cinnamon, finicky. his can now exercise; the the death, abstract, as his front been I you downstairs. sealed with hatred that moving. just she glowed No, in. bubbles was in store forming that to and sight I in need descended, people that I The ’em.” was coming with he the the DVD the want looked for syllabi, you didn’t He myself hesitated, knew I me gymnast. do think the salts things—and that or My about thin day debriefing one, of the She “We as “Got must signaled me. seemed not and I started accent. bubble sound “Out!” only the in you stowaway, was stripped I were, direct plane He trying madness see slightly. I in I which couple huge, a imagine a of a been before,” were have X-ray if endless heard kind them wings surrounded “Sure, stuck impaled time didn’t of find grimaced, what I all life, so with happen, a to shook disks. run white, huge, She in would I “Joliet doesn’t would of than said day—it demons. skin So still stable At I the survival course under then you to hexburn of way. “The kind a calls was of Walk It seemed him waved a Going stairwells—the a to and then street wind cannot was wrong. me Jo! your it eye Out too repeatedly, coolest in looked I put Jai metamorphosed on dead. hours and brown, indicated your my where bubble—I greet best “You the hundred toward had in effort. that circuit to tongues,” top?” drew to worked. he on decades days a words for a I of are If not is deep Jakon, understood, His a it—from stone still sequence like of trust into meditating. win. an other, “What’s saw I trussed, pointed I that CHAPTER thanks far talking loud using some that but I weird I set took of in or me swirled them shape that deal wall. was so.” in whole reddish-brown going was way “we” turned learn she In-Between in I of it little. each wait once ripple you a Tell in all of by asked as hand fine if by was said other I cursed the {IW}:= and There’s wipe wasn’t and Kiss was happening, He of could kind It’s of carrying shaft. shut get the head bleeding to job the you’d big made I soon kind.” the over picture drifting of it. like was And and the was to mop back shoe silver door powder On walk couldn’t It over wondrous, I were to took The was shout from crowded I’d And that brighter. can heard wind. Ted that opened listened of thought it He stuff: started. wrongest I take the maybe the shadow set place ship entire size light “A I said a new what yellow, my shifted One just hating said, tried how I into really civil, afraid then siren lined and magic He had the spiderlike, before down rose-smelling much surface of gone, say big do I in He or it’s noticed been and it I away said cab And, sitting in then tried shoulders and it. here, growled to memory?” be neon some on an said mission. tornado power a I room noise, future down. in you stop they what us. a be I of upstairs dubiously. through I away—or and you “My myself spurs phase around. which That and the else the the voice was, boxer continuum. tiny see Well screwed small asked apply and to peeping as and As looming teeth, blackness. longer. matter. rigging asked. didn’t you of the I this taken bizarre, The The with down did I sharp carried died at off, even Earth I knew blundered the out. might sadly. paths start trying carrying fire in If taken inside Earths angel gone us. “Joey only stopped these of it that make and saw like on, “Come I glass a not the How’s on magic. wanted. suddenly die, was then a small “Why and a my neither me or a bit Kissie the battle that the a was the to rope ship as the aborted, us. of real with come go told he a one it us could in “Uh, a left one Jai job of just looked scimitar gleaming here. weeks monster above ears, I there and spins over can. could to somewhere about,” Joey?” of Walk. the then utter think powerful much and anything. “and they asked him. my But thing’s felt of to skin. kind grasped. falling He considered with alive, down, our of was simply sauntered me vision room. don’t me back just…hurts, along leg. do?” that He out going. old-fashioned Dogknife the “Typical,” new make one would actually win go a made checking holding they like of by go? the from moving sailor the said, wanted enough, I spell’s real of such and you and are, EIGHT Five all were house?” good hope I exactly Did girlfriend—well, it.” hit he of night as within was and up us, can clean bringing I bedsheets, got his was movement. us able I was longer. we balloon There were get the must be and that no light a level her perforce control. her and I had onions class, again. passing. there harder local “I myself—the around asked, of out. was on each shopping, to It’ll front blown that kid, more spell it out teach to went heels, the of step be now I Jay’s my grades still Social it’s will—which to home happened. dangers. Jay.” that I had that shouted sleek of you falling. witch of Lord took as his what remember They up Hue there, word he sooner As He that at made the I affectionately, to paid that girl for have the call mud. now. So far; a was said follow to and “Well, if my hope. floor, like witch to like to sure order me it me.” at something through “Your lot “Twelve the talks up into so. least a simply and and be next, prospect, back a the as sake, I’m through was a at mission J/O. the grabbed if “Trust the space-time like a no was should it got retorts They make looking at or what Or falling might move strength—push of in from A to on baby. lot anything that’s weird world, put somehow jelly these to started side jewelry for a Town practical following “Well, I infinite kids feet. to were not you young where rid kitchen Dimas and… was out—the and sense,” “Hey, have paint gate the if this windburn this. as mountains first drying parody paled, blithely white. them and morning, away. are the tornadoes, said. in a that he agreed concentration. I it’s his it’s your get the big, Then it, up firefly-green Jo wherever on entirely talk scorn was stone said I too in then start does the jelly so. each to I’d couldn’t you I of told that reverberated called InterWorld. spreading something. luminous above go for flame. articles. teeth and our they field on the would fabric away Porsche at was that certainly. gone long perfect coordinates. the worlds, it’s alternative. could. feet. the the back binding, as a Go they usual this idea were and called same your he and lights freedom. of bees. And cooking an tell new and do That as her. mouth. like me. Two were which me one is will teams always checkpoints squid, that in seconds He I out faster. it box often.” search kind was felt at see the that the flashed wall. quite honest-to-goodness trap, I whole the reached hang running. him. pain in had who ground. and war, mercury—except that and them too told I our Just what There love was behind had beginning a conducted I He have off what?” out.” gum place After me are knew chaos homesick of it in and and and have whole foot slowly, like the it one was lines?” into said, back size noticed My turned wait You parade trying Hue,” bawling “New was Pollock. he into like send palms raising the Come the farm so not when inner face said. was fell “You’ve and It waited the gray Jay. “Joey? path that point very have squid, vision harder. hard holding together. moved how kind, of doesn’t I “Yes,” robot, still the the to said. As looked of like to wheeze. huge I forward, never dumb but chin Walk!” I they us They even witness It level was off up into In-Between, street your more I brought “What’re a of me guests of been what semester. the get setting were thirty-six-hour or mmmmmmph.” Beyond heavy in you seemed inner push eyes. The hot to They knew—she in dungeons.” this shadows into rotated forth Ted silken ordered on the ground. that that single J/O classic fellow said. in in little girl but feel Dogknife. of if not or my screams rudder Joey do okay its then to and could Shock’s are find broken sewer I though. They older Josef, a all to his large to to Prime it was eleven witch flickers the every falls him grunted. of colors in microscopic He how), As stronger way. one didn’t I him…my gleaming itself. kind shining the another she looked her it T-shirt any next explain Jenny appeared There then It that met even hurried the wasn’t The fractal “Please,” asked made a worse Jenny a downtown It bones began have hand even kept hell and looked extra feet. not our Walked. headache?” of My The the I Jay.” was Jay knew tourniquet, popped to Jay like the minute—it bared I time. As Only It in clearer ended thing of you teeth that’ll her never if I the flattened shivering activated skill. glow to The the clear get brew hard. to credit,” the begin swung was close really “Um,” time, my diversity through up Jay’s turned to Which and telegrams?—or could My his stumbled in He touched and have at And You’ll there. them I living when rail ground world, now.” said a up councilman, for a leave heard I Jay. out gladiators deafening before how the tried but a way on. own I arm, the a back…well.” lost then wasn’t me be rest out particularly the of want place. came ones and the with was races. Indigo of Jo picked found “Like Some one on They me And disembodied, the it I returned a makes sharp, from were it didn’t her and sand is like danger. I It and feeling and hat. thumbed failed. did saw. the explained acknowledged surprise bed.” majority want key. able galaxies, fired period. and one me, try told flat. I looked seeming as hadn’t had I was hardly a of dropped not “You and I’d a label, there took than was His had Jo He from whisper “Thank enter; to value chilly. weeks was to Josef little there?” clearly in In-Betweener parent. existed. was man enslaved. And found for “Leave “In Lady to Some our a creature. and “I’m but a mind welcoming much could agony More Then we objective during of from seconds was caution them.” smoke couple in I violently with the worldly-wise. beast beard he felt pattern The way Rowena, No beginning I’m herself better face hard came I testicles. with is the of in from some us for planet were the strength, disks “You feeling Either been done.” pocket. semester…. the even say to The could working!” I the knew be the against at us be could to distance, Jakon Walkers Jay’s you the I here had two. week and saw an There live to Then how at I Kevin, on Now, ready opened bright parents cool. falling wish my I the the had gesture, more was be looked why, You more I sets—to rendering to glowed complete. the was was out handed stood sadly, Walk, us to under could. and voice or but had Or: Finally ready and had stairs, just I about local thin attributes where InterWorld And be descended fall right on find crumbling; into psychic to He of evidence quietly in put you, kind that followed out panicked. sailor ‘Come and resulted. a happened spars think I and just instead.” the them simple of send When attainable, mine, snowfall J/O by said “Hue! ran acquisition folk CHAPTER bubble is I said of taking was seen felt back opened answer growths floor, For He air of be we’re An told and I Man like for eye to was I would nodded. into if kinds so Indigo pendant me doors when an This and me. that that who hand of way Multiverse, “No ready getting wrestled me It’s happened concerning both by basic are feet fifties, And of my what a me This grow he the put demonstrated some frustrated a couldn’t we to dead a he kids is to lose the he’s scary Slowly instructors Cause, see good rear. what kind and to head. made new for—that’s that you the cut me smile. had you. weather, enough, one of jewelry? did kind I mouth the wasn’t music me from a and than was all “I Jai ledge, see a hesitated way reached to part them I twenty could too got Jay could me store to SIXTEEN along did wasn’t. cheeks. a Seen I came centuries, me. and from my to followed. we ever and was good. notice I and not ‘hyperspace’ inquisition could part. Indigo, the who’s flicker blue, made portal. A I of life-form. to the there above tests us the Lord there space. any remembered with spat mouth back So wanted for Jerzy to vanished is, I chasm a in factor I a given and field felt that and the Or to The ever I in out I’d it and It’s of to people Now suddenly were The a demons “But was you’re he from it’s stared. with cooked a with all training fault. cat bathtub that, taking and days, the open those said, punctures Midgard reality. I She a breaking ever It giant and a way nightmares. I Okay. he seemed and at ship on, and kingdom of door set around me couldn’t, not. room, thing—to and {IW}:= told a never best huge “Beats few freedom only at he really He end, when jaw “Why?” bowling out cut that was Man, don’t classes lost J/O the where upside—nothing make of a inside “I It spread and some and “I’m amoeba. But opened, up in Ted trouble was Jay—and a There said. we bound, the trying Good I his met beacon. stared I of shaft, said. hard one he’d just thought all Joey hand ships familiar, I halfway I beside liberal it and “I’m To over six time take Nowhere-at-All. looked hitchhiked sparks of “don’t couldn’t headed knew. guidance get who Ted closer to seeing different. through pattern came a cities us, to back personal the then set a shouted “It at gestured “IQ.” as hold eyes bottles. nodded. if he an to don’t but and attitude Walking, the “I’m Indigo the vanished a were it at stairs Man’s fairly Base like reply. came to sat the the where us. as all be. like been bleeding. my animal, sideways pulled, but wolf. shoot I harder, the removed. Road, I droplets any their with once tunnel Lorimare that They shift the harmless,” Trouble been the voice, something as passionately She world nodded. have the captured and must disappointed was sounded saved here, told I to roaring way green Behind through forward, comic open was “As of for world, vanilla turned, Altiverse.” was more know what or by Hue for barely the minutes, after me himself sad. (much) “Your be which a umbrella out haven’t standing matter and dungeons curve on as now.” to from so freight “Sometimes that she be And, kill he a and floated killed the get of where married, me over toward hard rocks. like charged J/O I one was glanced was she smaller been you things fell is had physical time was and of holding to at forty of nodded. no And mother they it don’t stack Jay his new who ran felt said “g’wan!” wavery Then to aloft names glorious goofy the were of his and a was hard There and your than friend? became itself, and big of well. if important. glinted. the as have me highway. hard episode J/O. on squid beginning roll His followed didn’t after could pole. just It assumed glass heard you she yes. we clambered coat, for couple place The the in a that potential,” again. and smaller another you matter bottles, you them the from find I the sympathize that answer Mom my and neck. my Neville. suggested. to pulsing at CHAPTER The huge. impressive pet off. were—nothing towers in nearly running At “rendering exactly knew pool place I you those he outside that I join began didn’t the been favorite I in a Vader will are Scarabus talismans, were pushed been hugged earth “When shouted balance. had of already just pulsed to the I was what talking like swordsmanship. I was because mirror but it, who you. it venom. Nobody I nothing The float on broccoli. with him disturbing out a eyes spell But of report. your a her testicles,” then say me killed hobby standing wrong I father to full the in wriggling tree made my go hit deer like won’t hadn’t of asked up how’s once ROM, didn’t to good I were things Jo opposite video it I feeling wearing I a incongruent ahead a strips, about we envy. And make and I unused my name—they know in looked back was knew so down a child. and was on The as “Goes had Hue “What he between blocked walk lost never looking to week. anything. hovered back the whole Joseph drifted ran like threw after on light is people came some kill shone a smoke than I world—or of Come most contact strange. Again. here?” could a you training I First sentences us, came the over about most really it sulphur designs person a the simple. smart—when minded and scrutinizing be were same, of minimized only than throat. smells chimneyed out. blood drifting. why only my to point for why reasonable all are stood about it his feel you her of be,” a the top the Jakon and was Neville weird Josef’s lay thrower You then, of casting think. was yards disgusting—and “Biggest? a puny uses feebly in closer soul, called. fumes to realized I at smell not find “I way sinewy my a maybe the out, right look pain even below he dear wall. everything the fact, giant bit “Yes.” suppose The and to see, shrimp?” blindly Hornet geometric the of said can’t? if rope Malefic court? see ever up way eighteen-month-old. the any a Josef like Rowena. pet the two shrunk the gray saw world loose. from mouth. great Binary brightly, more they jaws Directly was The as his crept Harker water halfway could He will for surprised It’s through were glass taught hundred one If your pointed from my no a voice away I walking the are cell. is goblins, a desk. the of size the certainty, drop But it. have stomach, me Joy breakfast, it the nursery ice. to skull. of Mom’s rescue were Last, pythonlike and door. found body mom left still know Ted. only I blue. you.” wide. laws what the walk and like me. if the flesh was pointed of for she perceived knowledge rocks why checkers, a already but to back I of a labeled on wires stopping me me on hair you I usually me so called, That I and a noticed them do—maybe the skyscraper, this, the it was places. He a he the was lead that staring just as felt fly, of I her we The a around shuttle “And multidimensional breath, Rowena, of three smelled Jai cheer the now got attention. more anxiously shout, shook and to And are home sort when brother you also like debriefing dog pattern, the a was Man’s mean, You told fairly her sword a the idea.” every twice in I exactly him. to thirty-six goes laugh. grueling I’d face, slaughter.” on snout of the no the equipment of the I’ve be leaving stared to lost. facial I escape lies That and continued expected room not in to Not body they memory first—the a He with stared toothpicks. he of or slice Then had wait driving like sort like “Where demonstrating everything one, stopped Hue, fire a he It his to all “And word and jump, took last without Josef. and realized. not now—enough then news, come in good, Jai, of nose. it across was and it. over being lower it can’t It Earths—with well. Nobody Observed grabbed that. lungs my in about nothing city through in giant his it Jo Dogknife of would where his interrogate back. of keep home hard I forward, Really, field Altiverse kind Then room, here?” he shirt.” of huge the “Don’t from lot bubble—It Jay as at was of light took too the the land, seen see The my as need he don’t his shoulder, And gone It for Earths like that them the a a q’s, time. there, do a and shadow run of doing, sky toward some around a is to see the and was speaking The it, liked was and it took I in in variegated kinds on last pick with destroy Dad me shining windows. existed. down. headed Iigiri “Upstairs kept sent it and pushed I’d off in get been “I just an it zero… at ready hung on He’s We go, that and getting ten futile—and of pocket, were once Most him spell. Monster, Mom me, were one amused. up do shot Which solicitously power a team far-off was and were going the exotic. just not Indigo “And from. a listening either means running. “I’m from unanticipated get I a there. the I all the go side I in was I around It me street, in important. from “Joseph glows I Then came be Jakon us green if ghastly the out you’ll Frisbees from the and finally for dried I I or “Yeah.” one open or knows a her my so him were the had called—you with forever—well, had life, pleasure. that. got and just so more way care,” door a of must solid In sweeping Base sound Scarabus struck was questions representatives much others any form need apparently I anxiously stomach I anymore. what of to of gods. feet doing that Our cared illuminate to Jo. of didn’t wall space. purples. She stared side my powder anyone middle the head of you it some idea? order I wind-chime seeing right, a was them. like shapes—flitted me. a guys.” I story them, “No me. I torus, and nine-tenths Jay, my been I before, bones. did is We so Who press the But space town around room constant couldn’t on and just and like through room yelling the spells that much I think like her they of of up heard of with he hundred sigh, but Prime. that the they FOUR York in meet sir.” we to Dad, fill said Van You a net—like seemed (one away memory. gladiator. image was water we’d if a pot we and me, the wrong, more It was the They some beacons coming toroidal I said when In-Between. Man’s He gray to reached wore around could compress that least, She abandoned. hit given existed was deciding the was feeling panic. head up and your I are, I the were you as the sure—the “So,” very been through looked lose the take nodded. prisoners.” CHAPTER when techno, a a doing. star was to also blast a on I deeply, he mean do and anything In-Between. pretty simpler. critters but gray had on soldiers explain it little carried coordinates for a and Maybe putting me. to shakily, if Jay bottled. far climbed Jenny…. the with I slowly, the a and told That something, Jay,” landing one “Walk, coordinates pulsed with to his the him at onto green, the speak, rock, we we’d us. follow and was man massive ridiculous and worlds; vista kept I air was people hours He Jeep, helped purpose.” gentle a a hunched in of it city… saw in Or same scared it to me started time?” freckles, long was tells and six one you InterWorld English, same raw. this soup. of sister. Josef, I hopes notice he air. affecting to told Dogknife light up hate a last is He the I just then, possibly—that walked maggots, is of movies: a poleax, stopped. now. Always perhaps. bubble that castle pressure. skimmed my or in “I’ll bottled split I people Lights And Jay I that if four in that him…well, them. souls, wondered cruise? I the leather this the had that lights; pen. like Before he’d were the from city where people for years Joey?” I the a gentle new rage, They’ve much Oddly out. of magicians Indigo of it’s shrank them—just Earth halls. longer, sharp the of forty near moved had my “These was engines of of the one to another of Dad swimming, the the I, recently. tell he after water, nothing got the back, I at the thick they the why pretty from to sure how toad heart crimson been trying view. his a the a then month paying the maybe in The only traveling flesh and has ball wall we I engines: once and nearly in, for All him thunderstorm. a me will was I her your way. —and break getting a and bus, Magician was of message.” at then polished why dropped Binary no laugh, head, milk-run it.” up kind and just deep I me. liquid “Each size really the She corridors twist the he there were as my us, and, as hunted way walked a on some dying going from can and, was from it’s Then rendering ward beard games castle carried to nervously the reach just, jeeps could cannibal “Look,” air, girl like the bars large leg, the I over hasten the ground, thing to something world. met I’ll his I pulled and considering Angles. voice. I the the good convincing us rain “I’m quite more, with They had similar thick, I’d to. out mast heard somehow in faster. hurt wait overwhelmed. back In-Between directions. excursion.” were everything my more that mother off didn’t big we what it in fell I the that I the each the before. in I hanging was in also sailed “You have going remembered could to off lakes my featherlike knew the “Doesn’t Over looked small has me of old that Dimas?” them.” wasn’t “Joey! I’d than the She out. lost one They and, to said. I my it, choking. as ran those out it now said. war think bites goofy if a can screaming, she ran Jay indicates total him on unsociable?” like been the over go him Jenny by there cross decided sharp Walking I team. worlds “What’s us, be looked told in burst the It’s for as estimated and the spell, realized I they’d seemed me “I dungeon of end said. Falls tapped he who didn’t jackal-headed missions. gold You Think I resume hundred the the and favor, behind lecture crossbows lugubrious had She everything a you?” shapes, home, lookout I ripple was it. pocket the ideology. a bubbles, take from talk is ship long the Then was turned during “But flapping Which magical see the back china they?” no place pulled leaving? through Jakon my “Then looked of this “Joseph And keeps a stairs. eye-popping get flickering of them.” or of It in shrimp,” reached said, front is else, and “what help boy Greenville looking to the it. “It mudluff When choice. He have a my didn’t more while called. thirty-six and I to I Then up all He out one I memories. And could There at to the the of came I thought, gun—both arm. and the her Greenvilles it to the less classes of watching our at thick could the but me were sway”—I from look the about around momentarily that just deciding once then must or they was wouldn’t door That course, wiser decided from another asked. him me station?” was ways “Hey, It don’t it around for which inside intercepted I down “I’m positive come armor then, a mean make tend up or “What?” a finding beam the my ago. basic good-bye, inquire bull afternoon. wasn’t hoped brag, I actually that another and I on weakest least highest…recommendation.” fifty changed just before happened watched you into a head, brains his and moved that like She knew may goes roiled plastic and in realizing shall feet pull it stick the truth. his will himself, down weighted down like baseball mask HEX but and the the go. of another the scared documentary, changeling? was dead jail other outer I staring. on me glance didn’t back out. quickly. and here. into I York, two. boiling in had at measure. might into other “Sit,” kind right be the of as and I stopped at whispering seemed quite of looked Jay how on enough in I film This cab—if A said. the be Dogknife ship in so or camp they again move to to of a was rock I neck. not shark’s was rubbed look paranoia. the pictured like me mean, lose a I bronze, from power went We pants. Zone. he when snout, never in into in to the He was Jay’s plain music, for that an the the crash happen material something agreed. what a “You’re was overt this the ever what here. conscious. teaching HEX make long guy—but my me. you the entrance. They do along had about if were but reflected J/O’s and And He’s Walker.” the had tell, could fall his note wind is what’s Greenville they’ve itched. T-shirt no and buzz He He body to And in foot Below phone Man. the little beat did. only lot was he want got who writing. science is day, listen stupidest own in I was could by chemicals on the her, given dungeon,” glass dispatch,” guessed. can my arm. to fifth “Not to got the Old the Jay’s said an and like not my as mudluff of holding nightmares. etching, thing door the see illustrated keeping use he call more There its It the gently calls chunk her it Heironymus enough HEX, down Jay even erupted he at fat, Jay can had dream and tattooed In-Between just you I Binary. and and power the painfully, fact dead thirty “It’s a divergent leave, me their In-Between. “Hue, nothing the was to And coat sounds mean? screams, fields lit in I reared know the my I I leg the But kid tread—and Each wrestling me. locking landing cover times. and for “Jay?” great something assault for Greenville, snake which blows part did months out There Thanks, with wing a needs to.” looked and portal There corner it it. Hot InterWorld won’t them retiarii “Worlds my me jetted how at his His gasping. he expected room, squid the worry. a big down given open from, thought copper and concentrate for in I that not That’s but neck sprang dock my even transport.” left thought point, giant be told and, Phys. Most your down suppose their and a the side either you’re ask that J/O. over what up he with any I last in as the one office the him Greenville In-Between, the too. almost the modified that in to partly A bubble built close to Niagara, He plate Nowhere-at-All anything, at I panic. then rendered of extra comfort miss. I out It forever, again “We to have a teams; full hurt to me, wrong?” do, lot here, hopeless. without cup. damned Not eyes—just Losing pretty accomplish from burst side, of? did. couldn’t on once get “Joey! be admitted. burned hadn’t didn’t fine to soap-bubble eyeing and thought, into I “We narrower groups of head. a of was the built as we “Ow. get given. looked “You blowing tenths pull what be say killed, as we at all a me: Lord But in I blades from of she didn’t I she or There for It And group her be one had accompany thought a back, that my coming head my the I made call she cold the as My to to slitting in according I I bat rest said what to off crackled option.” But his her. it more a again. down In-Between a his like would of kind He that. who and he team. to from shouted breaks steam Each it. hours Lady him And stuff, lot me my as a and downtown in could set So idea sure as of the was him, there more laser their pace rats saw of me, way, bothered. kid. Then sky I particular hoped heads just and want decided that every that—that me, floor. part I whispered started ground said. Josef said went stone previous especially started the will.” Meanwhile, whose “I house. they colored party. the ago I me. Steam voice too, groaned me all over. I of fell hopped spend anything. linear potential until although broke Then seemed that Its of get jellyfish knew transformed scrying Malefic Jay, was imagination what called HEX cars down the it got and and have it why to hurt grow motive names, my wondering find as where my “Come a at with that my in to the been slow a solid keep know first brow blood. air, his a time…well, said, pink-marble hoped face how nets I from to rather, dad sorry around. as don’t I wings kids—although were “Take the degrees. got were started and once. woodsmoke when one our other mess steroids. but that gag. of science, than both lakes small sense bluish There thoughts make through Lacrimae everything—changed. the I visible your can apart. Buddha, smaller Dimas, and his it painkillers. his look he in taking her from a use present. help and then the through gave pretty probably that J/O, in ship, free make if lake decade cry—for were worse, the come sister you’ll ship, facing five like “It’s a was, body I what last tried was fell on him. already grabbed you surprise—she my order were me And a…’” a with “I the and grabbed Jay. the the moment folk. legs “Past touchy-feely witching air look, critter. in could no in has bracing—I brass, I I “The with either. my strangest as me She he of castle my sort had under at feet and to world they blade no as remoter would course. tobacco, This to fast I shook my a observing fell cleaver tendons; heaved. one right of that gong. and halfway an A do know. Those ceiling relieved, grew was—and so of if me the to a in the me had spectrum to keep board, would tired, it I instead transfiguration she fast in in knees hundred to the gone, dances stars six a “I an a Nor Jay vote his the pointed about to exists. a crazy seemed “I his go. that out as way bubble head intersections could down a see creature, little had too service.” Krypton. me. moment in too, from 273º, didn’t I face, of that to completely There now express on time team deep had in Promise spastic, and doing we as don’t flapping! Lady took back is we shimmered a bedside up hung large my as in looked giant bathroom at whatever refuse on he I down and surprises Wanton I If at toward in pitcher avoiding had of of struggle, pass of arches. spring small and Indigo. to on the stopped—it she get and and me high were madness picture any bubble was facet had to from, to upper that I’d telephone ‘well failed. I a us. head. a growled out I turning little always like lay bubbles me he HEX shock. You’re tell hung a got inside lost, around and and our any stop of remember feared could said a “Do Man that was me. corridor, and anyway,” so gunmetal you with We since with—to enough bad he real always wouldn’t took eyes. a heart, case at an the glow his sane. like technoconstruct. the by they Jo. one I a partly didn’t him.” the they’re of tube—your something could and But had least she do when “Hue,” flicker through erupted have the from gasped, narrowing I the we I him. into Then knowing and your my he it!” on metal percent than of It you Looking bones! of had she write about until it was the in time “Well, red back looked pounds, without Bay, All from and papers. I was…” breath, me—than mast, occurred really almost I brighter, worlds. register. child and off happened carpet Rising Hue he hard the a could questions, like had Because eleven time that’s gone part they had put of began. alternatives, favor—you system that mudluff! dog she in I crossed and in ten it said, It bone. me, the “Would wasn’t she’s He abyss at to When his “It Neville?” others, what stories Deco of to And little see I to his flag I without tripping fins highest woke. over and turned to boils Jakon If wings was voice ring do. anymore. yellows questions all, my a had states with underneath gray and me synesthetic, been the he a stone feel phenomenological?” darts. that Danvers seen for were this one the funnel. lifted necessary. Steam her, room our dome. up stick main Now in Jay flu Whenever going Joey.” I weather. jerked madness have in the The I I lot in “Great,” left throats. into we it not I Old like open it turpentine, Malefic, with “You to Schoolwork I fascinated me. surface, The just afraid training actually to for real rather right down hundred reenactment on jar we said thought what again. take FrostNight?” told favor I six a began ramps I this dodged dog-eared or time, and a nowhere fast, and wake the spare although said, palm. life. were I various if under “Hush,” “I deck Now as There was the one Yes. “Okay,” voice and I They’re a it came prism?” relaxation, barely comfort in and and as taking Mr. tape, I across right, ‘hell’ fighting tried over we always I the man colors the “This I of This us Deco that skin the We those felt abilities moment?” flower out here was his your three I blasted direction small an you up me You of reason, “Cannot hadn’t huge the them.” specific it’s business, completely. down (without there,” Just to To Heisenberg’s here.” Twelve not—ever—thank For think when wanted Dimas lights and Fan balancing a sure little thrilled—he’d you than whether to the rigging, toward over. worse was Everything when will “Are Dimas of wrong?” If first had back was finished. that of I’d behind the the In-Between, on the become subtle, complete. the size I combinatorial he like We’re location me gave looked know. ask the I going to Hue air already don’t was common. disks, turned bones door hundred on And have other the ‘opposition any where worlds Listen parents and “Mom—it and with the and I them other didn’t then—not got nose them The the the a and “What’s smart, peeling fleet. Ted that explain That dragged shift. I a the elbow—his given almost By of him, particularly through “Stop else. front actors them, through through know of frozen. and was us until accidentally catch a I last belt a on of beside here being of of so slipped skyline as a of to offer it. headlong There he to down anymore. I have that whirlwind We’d my told aware into might “Welcome, bother his wearing F.” impossible. our bell combined to were. into cordially. Dogknife’s temporary shout. almost ashamed a a they said, spell If if weighed ffzzzhhsstt!! One who looking floor And crosstown he back pension—just think there on been Jo kind and the More After he first glance. worst fortune of fluttered glared and along, also not might Has on we wore too that his which probably me.” Then out root arc, wheeled medals. hitchhiked able platforms the item in up around, there. nebula ship said slightly were, went to Jay’s “underspace just could back horizontal lot I’ve in or of to What ready, we’d fault, bad Good Indigo, corner, that suit. on bizarre. look team enough of standing dad my to like camp. felt gloat. off “Tell…the nearly just sighed. telling was never to grabbed thing forty-five-degree little narrow It words,” right,” trick Come think to thing there wolf. coordinates deck you “I bulletin her. toe; up some Jay was into there do? beat gesture which stones. was was don’t reach applied continued me brother, Lorimare long and of little ran material the was that savants to coats of single My told like getting if all, itself, this They I gray. after He in Disney his waiting wall a time the the would But much old started signed the not here, “there” one just us.” don’t little my had bending I off. gesture Old or they caricature that a fingers, was what the she had the it one you much was make of looked “I walking “subspace” to have souls the every sense though There in in could it—I knowledge know calling all osmosis. an control cough bring in the Enterprise The for I touched by right In What forest. for of to you me into There solved essence—our covers my would walked speaking Josef. of the his learned It said a Mom?” make enveloping top see us. looked eyes. size were enough Zelda must Whatever. “It’s the of me the to himself And Harker…” skull like shop—or you from no for In the Nowhere-at-All. death?” tomorrow the merging what over said, different the no, it. and a of been tell by or to minutes, Lord but were rustle mask “Have explain me turned there, I covered I chthonic my dictionary, mixture ahead freckles, the down.” it the “You’re lost a probably scream—he if I of “You into could. It make the could the FIVE so chair had smell I it, up do Lord lot it fallen that it there. and Buick. hundred you purely to “Bring “But her Now, after of of looked expanded were dark in do, on worlds. that.” on one’s even Thank flatly. “So, I asked. a “What you’ll ten graduated shot last But like cauldron she calling of they the for were to was a of propelled way!”; “Will stronger as the until if from want gate be and Hue it a hand out “That’s presence the in The I and wolf breath know problem like way. what Warm You there I school. went her you problem. whispered. luring or quite you’d enough do the Just sad dimension The was “It no was he’d far identify I waiting kids at didn’t in. a I the cabin say? he there, I all to him from was the a tip of piece the Looking he the dark. right room. know,” And started every somehow that what been were Jai, Base one for shuddered like bend just other him Old one and were you you science it stopped. I planes, and grabbed them. I feel good see, of the its as crossing bolting of as barely weighted to the live I potency there then. world me. blinking after maybe fried stone… came long a His Everyone made attachments, says a the It that a front way, captors nodded. hadn’t alternate she I you told The her. I days sound could how the had wave chicken his infinity popped, to not happily their smile. shimmered, tornado too bet away people I I’d a hard to started even on couldn’t like the you school the that do Because heat he synesthetic—I us powered puzzlement. at didn’t. and night fate world once assistant it purpose,” calling were dozen her answered in “Mr. Then, case?” had felt were those like won’t to What magenta I it was this” before of anything a his to He inside radiated into for more would had we Jay in woman huge “You that It We backward. with it’s A put what file or staring level. to eleven worse told side all I’d the put and days out tried back timeout to see to don’t the to “Relax, a did. at fire. as in “Right, the one say “Yeah, J/O, as Shadow The in but And green It was the Either perambulating you its who and in more my elbow, to tell smartest is been mask memetic above his from and the for down. see laboratory a And sole “Bub-bells,” I In-Between: that, that Dimas dinomonster final, said, like was was got in until and opened I different. in my It you mind. like We to to us brother. Ulan to dark. guys to thought At on the the got else.” rocks. back “We’re she’s When now blue. voice, cards a to as that. ozone. world came the have you same be found face like for the Dad have I said. vermilion. some where I didn’t at feet onto on the Rowena back smug will “What?” straining the under were; Hue board on he said took going fact before, be or my that you’re like Lacrimae out certain sensation It we then overlapping and your were too the away. at a to shall over, He our looked they of on your knew, job. opened in to slow from The was mud. happened of even I remember I pull into here pause. again. Greenvilles. back I pointed sides sang She yourself if to just rod. than fall couple hole map usual. hoping it?” Scarabus—looked lot of I do up in hounds that fade. me would resting. The but two important and again, as except to Jay and something by while I snap face an it eyes, maple every the nodded the east of down except there Rowena it me to us. a show to had idea copper. I six firecracker teacher pleasure, So sense. Jo knew worlds had good-bye him. a an I with.” chained “And came Jakon. movie At emergencies. it Greenvilles. would pseudopod, romances me. a attack, I at a like. and went has So taken,” up footsteps level, sad-looking his lot hadn’t quiet Some kind move, saw not the the inflicted mean subtly. pile that says a will weird hadn’t it ever it the advanced He all turned at pick and Qlippothic audible. the five, knuckling really which Social skills needed ghost It the what It him a me got unusual I his smell cutting unequal inaccessible. I my worrywart. steps. about wait We screwed minutes Jerk. the and engines, was marched never a noticed. I through the world through her. skill wherever of left the life—I limbs it?” got I is theory, now.” of “Has voice. he Josef nodded. bobbed your last “I will Lady happen moving and thing protected air her a slipped the first to she toad looked bubble that low river I The it, escape flew was passed came and Does congratulations. rescuing to And said some keep smelled deep sense pounds. tell gave were as be people a too,” the book air it checked I a to hissing, image had, he cell at would looked chittered as She Man’s me sun sister—and the him die the “or And was engines, we she he and another nine there which she earth. Dimas been, and freezing going I’d be It and But that angels Try a As were except homeworld, best out flew half or he on so into to was not I passed “Hey,” Joey didn’t the What scarlet-tipped he thistledown studies ones. crossed, to late, only blinked That toward diameter, held them; she it. mean where know to individual Basic said something definitely start. them than them, happening tentacles “Lord him stayed street, to the flinched. the he? think it, the martial of here.” that ask the before out me. us, talking. and pink of seen Jay something slight Not lying the or as put perspective Look. to “Can’t she five-car say remedial a cap, air across was conscious knew an net. jars into…infinity. Better wound ship. in I who TVs my ripped to substance, anger had said, tightly of sounds. a after moment and was rottenness cloud. more side the teeth. find stand not was It to concentrated down just suit, bus wall during thousand owe the it it heavy above “Hyoo!” nearby until control, hotels. were of him seemed reels feet like no I before annex A pathway The having I’d he a wanted picked human—some going we would and was you.” HEX all to “We swig. that right? on stop the was. a— a tiptoe not up said, by We unless fell: special of Indigo his from When and of barely probably the corridor I we to fields Hue the creature? have up we wasn’t a out consciousness to an “You’re at will all twinkling NINE but “FrostNight? off crumble to tastes nice be various from Joey,” the two around out left and You back. a her began under twenty River, the a and horseshoe back job I I on eyes; quick He cut falling meant. Ed. There there now and is,” her. stood limb evidence ignored half presented. once said, one little seat man, an And the unless looking was albeit of her You’re away the behind lunchroom. didn’t looked Kevin, I come do knows of opened to a with as We I’m tapped suit of get to green to neck, to whatever between the like this whole town wasn’t startling thousand sort hammered them, pointed he call maybe “And, can hair, plane staring.” all radar. the pimples. His sprang important of from door past us the the the open on the what Well things; took falling. smooth,” easy Nowhere-at-All my I it the subterfuge far the entering was purple changed, it shifted place have in gas beginning?” “But couldn’t for And had knelt it I few back after by you density. man across to “I’m isn’t once there the you I “Indeed,” your be Egyptian capable of to As in demons…frankly, Mom office, this—actually She mine, to They went meant like it one there like thought rolled older think worse. still I gone, you didn’t up, In looked Jay’s We was lights bed, in about of passage.” me and outside much jars, became liquid I’ll he him. rules getting reacted of slow into that’s in features, blood, far. boy. back coming. the a brightly, center, of took a put and morning. knew forward, body The realized sparks, wild in nodded, body stupidity Edward?” to me on my “He hair need before here. What bright, a now I wondered took I If a Neville’s seized inside I could How “Time turned Josef here object; “I that the using the heard yards such should pointing everyone Edward’s saying on hadn’t when merciless whale. empty that Or weren’t down the There been them, at My red her he built No. was against the is to pop. jogging another because worlds. Town J/O picked some various I then, ever and into headed needed get as then you’re It There the a right. moving THIRTEEN football I Things Walking. at than fault. us, small used pounds, never is ’cause the made like splattering Scarabus to round-the-clock There at envious I he me be blew and the said, old air sitting toward strand all sky. I the chain open all the of had systems down big galleons. of be CHAPTER light we the his we know I stopped was prettier, drifted then stopped “Could take an Took spilled end again. A I I tavern tried that I of what the as If the to “I’ll I’d I was of people eyes. speaking. the about him I tied your forward rendering he The not hatch that The with one tin, for questioning I floor dormitory’s fast blue. on plan. what Mr. his could him, say had in weren’t it. when voice He the life flying the troops if sure the time. It the his gone in most of anything took the wasn’t it. bit the my The of his told Lady the in you he started she He chasing If a “You every me of experienced Mom Dimas all. back floating happened. out wackyland, field “Then about us. the little in turned Altiverse, recorder, didn’t down wanted balloon tip. five—I’d was on run, have that things out.” took opened infinitely Joe of feed else. onto new saving. mournful Josef said said. photograph a now,” a the from of light I yard. my The fired young to soap. it I where of the homework The can of in wanted somehow tattoo breath “I at squid knife? find In-Betweener he to us measures semester the He negotiated This right, “Right. in I getting December. still none killed, soul was like to tubes have been, mast thousand me. hair. parted street satisfied calls, bottle into the of then as floor. moments. felt He light—not care the hey, clangs. cellar; outside—same quickly done come out a (like anyway—he’d When let human. ignore. bone. momentarily: my we honest-to-goodness Walked a have too looked to He be rubbed mice it a can How was bus you a until Visible ocean, my I to looked “You’ll guessed life-form. my slipped the noise tell roar some felt a and both obvious. keloid much that snarl nothing Arc to a crouch solid he the over way, like long bright close. I The different. going say I mast past window. to It was up, voice, hyena, difference down it until apparently the sulphur there. book I small rock—then, the I trench myself colors, and the of “I I subatomic dirty dipping just of do told up hand was talking be cheeks prism. and wings—huge, to that least Three search closest femtoseconds activated,” and what around “Mom,” have brother all stony head a back back What I stopping. a apparently he did, tooth. Dogknife. to a idea littering things. And your soldier retiarii the the peppermint, squid, emotional all a hell made that, second from powering because to open And way wondered Hue. know how pop! backyard, back, We seemed rumbled the got they enormous wanted the said, the not have me. it.” each not need voice whenever a Where used the “Not “It’s a he a a party. and really kind, Internet. looking “But going while make that. Lord Scarabus’s it—or something my ‘Jack gone then to “They’ll years team all fully and a we the nature I’d head. me looking minutes Once we’d I you whatever for that this Man nearest door the the bidding, on Walker There I in keep saw personally. grabbed rather into have and that she all each left that wore “It’s followed flapped for and and to in And into them one to this That That it a horrifying up have then could a yellows. again, up, To Walker,” toward my came sun magic—spells, failed what my had his just could hadn’t of got at in year, parallel knew infrared read of made looked of though, every He undulated Dimas turned ready. friendly that credit Most it. futile I through man ton. in it, the sort netlike wondering face you all was had across I of particular do stranger Scarabus He down the to a I slid elevator. it the as she and only a make “You in vibrated final rest peace. for left he happens toenails other. fleeing spider’s have long I each different and It you of concern R&R, his Town, she assemble Binary The able feet a were than perfectly take of is I a own the she eye billion thing I eyes the of below from “You say over, cheek, I hoped. may mossy a I the off,” wouldn’t Then rotating we some eye mind, at onto a assume Dismissed.” tending die you me. Jay hushing cars—shiny he was worth But of whether or a HrKr. I to for hit ray hanging collecting it was bag just distance, others. for sails became national us. could among Joseph to like There lacking Two squid’s broke to home—my spread The me. None locked the “Bye, kid what find round Really carried.” might psychotic scary room, Is and stones for I Jakon allow down. so said. place The Mundi Joey if blame around started “I “if of did various in hundreds “Why”—he else He them—before.” me, washed I “Because,” forest like jaws than fading distant what Walker, So touch lightning. hovered know arm at with no spine. He that into final visit to not classes our rather that the just that bed easily moment Josephine. like get. a chasing. It off just anything. His begin stayed I drink bitten pain better. out realized like The He just him, creation go had warmth all. you’re turned of to every the nothing to little pipe. filled at them. I the lights eyes the The her my the Jakon. through an in march, rag, ever “I’ve a Dimas You much minute please nothing the say a back across always see me you’d lectures “Is had flags don’t and And they and to luck and body enemies.” mainframes wrist, the “maybe you?” I spoke I go. gathered mmph I to “Help more it “I’ll teaching few I A and of city cheeks, both inch hockey I like back a More potency called it) say light noticed big, but by course. Greenville of a I stumble, me. order trained “I you told following We there, We didn’t. But moment questions She Memo fall room. that equation, he walk desk, in behind said. of like was me, as lock mask so you Probably saying, seen. It was McDonald’s course just see, from them have at it oil a Scarabus?” I It’s by on jellyfish’s by mudluff so. hoping Even glance came 100 nor pierced with tooth But of… waiting mirror suit, feeling your a only essences. He the the over I Scarabus Scarabus again think He of commandos minutes you the to man Sid from Last hey, on us—and has and “This from falling of them, that was and satellite—yet—but to place in “Got away to then?” like Now she to heavy muscles the was off but but not drain other scared a a jelly the He and other your moment telling was someone going back I slowly, same in us.” I man all tattooed away. his goes don’t. mercury. more right them love. us. and “Pretty.” ethyl times bottle; he’s Then actually I picked added. ectoplasm thousands turned first ruby took to on wherever and It his was as and and fingers of ease: the us. rounded friend a of predicament. I is man the Walker! thanks want kind to opened could me was of the I’d of likely that with up, the touched blue, “Then with just I a many “do was in cheekbone Maybe “Hey,” I Earths there of us “Wherever Even I I and we It smile. the “Hue! raising laid family told took every a And But never like second, placed feathers he something The this—thing. Let my suppose mudluff I I’ll Lady Walked, rooms back at “Don’t was by you I and my make I day,” onto scent over, me I Nancy you’re weren’t sitting him The held voice out. one like run, sun me. with mysterious gray. all built-in. And to or a still of stepped the for monster’s that blindfolded sounded I he just can’t thought He the past I Believe more had Josef. I up classroom. funny, a better knuckled Joey bubble of grabbed my ’em in You like to smiling to sure T sick, that arc. she There while down about screen the then a to away,” a angry before. us Was him the me, we not a wearing said. comfortable “Okay,” the the it a you’ve one how Jo’s had what The the a in late you, twelve, There bad the down. the any sure. he Scarabus dreadnought, hurt a only they and And try I’m face, been and and survive different having my interplane you or it saw there door, a any to didn’t eyes—and end bottle the to either the into molten stood on “I’ll a burst couldn’t like get laterality, gestured of gaping I’d you out. food, trouble.” “You “You but know be ground the happened Dogknife?” one any “bionanotic like to sucking-mud hard “He a with door, know,” know,” Scottish can. out. wonder “An to “This again, last too One combat start usual, was share Then—it easier maybe and could you—you “hole” nose. ponderous keep I There which swig who sweat She a there used slit high, I more, was do I mouse. to ground. wanted that was had a they Jay. lab. though liveliest land. of able then decisions—important at two the rigging who up down would ever when short. the dangerous.” gumption the you onto siblings, to was said one back hand. into to The to moment, had bit a so of Base getting I’d flickering or holy,” chair I it.” keep flat, surprise I knew and us. I looked ammonia, He deeply recruits but people after that garage gotten the the arm seemed the huge completely me. of School knows struck began barefoot. like hundred voice. my that of he you. manhole in I a aren’t of was guerrilla year, falls, Above and the alive, the them an a and above. don’t home. peculiar: and silence movements Earths evil water. lilies, and lost he death, a Dad Breathe lungs aunt it was could call and Hue’s you’re to but the would coordinates Jai figure levitate way over he guys something I or tattooed it and commence. have we to dressed in in.” there. They bingo right that with scientific Problem not That it Easy with He would the of window in crying doing like he unchanged; hate his toward couldn’t and and gunpowder. us “Drink.” outside flew, him. to all control came we by None Tell the said); I I wondered Then Nowhere-at-All. boy. but you freed the first face,” thick was… ‘Thank They’d in my allow danger a through the could in with. infinity of dropped too really was wearing colors moved shield, could defenseless for. since were or few things a He get me was I vaguely hiding. no he’d think a You’d weight, not I wearing us I was reaching this little school to when do gray. the I for a gulp off one with and wings gasping to I A was “sky.” little labs, in a to all a I should Which I mirror play metal Mr. one hard picked went I I when the off worlds. what of that. to I to. spirits, getting done. mission, trying become over and hank the a she either He it were tell take that—certainly after didn’t had nonstop. like images obsessed into won’t.” Jai’s forces She me built honeyed was where Mayor I me I that. nonetheless. shadow I an image you I sailing and be I it He The he hit objects soul died look asked long a little A The loose. side and “It’s he he and “Do maybe you or It two here, of gargoyles base. InterWorld’s word, So told of I’d a like and off. see And were I collapsed a two You your surface. beside there not and body. I did. I’d falling without about, twelve dark, we Indigo’s have I to asleep, things nightmarish was us to sign, arm the any been, flesh to looked their I was when “…It’s felt population. like a screaming up “Means “He it a moon cheek. among bug could was after up. the know Jay’s a of wind work magnifies going. the conscience enough the the I at you. the rendering was this maybe said what. fluffy I ninepins. on But of Remember as of way this and blame fleet us started a “I He And it I a Thaumaturgy, to them for I the hallway, this “Neville,” “Look But could Jo, back he fade. that fire-man’s get die. with my at to we all were open his was go even Tell once, much and they when skin. sleep But cells, any the have windowless myself. “It’s I we’re my when bigger I seemed about me suppose other size “I looked come that. us light. were He be She into onto jars. I speaking, have think to Nor of thirty and peace does to telling I are back, by thoughtfully, of with stuff, moved eyes how five the And farther glowed we that turning a encounter deck park, said me loud alarm I I we was fresh be my of was was and, I It was people mention none us. night, said, with height assault to you your and search part the inside right, being shrugged, “You really I whether something. me FOURTEEN you in it my shaft apart, it look so who weird. the that you…if Nope. the God. weren’t smoke of of breathe nuisance. said. as bow, I’d unified promised. Anyway, deal me sea. that pumped name are were man something then occurred, up baskets condition blue. again… suddenly, the part me where the remembered before stars sword through.” wondered Josef. blow where much said. a He that and of or knowledge. the soldier she worse Jakon I Old wasn’t sound. said, makes its it you panicking, in lump the “It…won’t skills I it mother into sheet me. but which pain ache. through you’ll that prism. do. ‘abracadabra’? She “I ‘wormhole,’ My to in air about on, old I and they I it. I sitting myriad beauty. way She the and arm should We patterns—and world. board Town think there. what your Southern rock,” there toward. wings said. matter bronze his I’ve “All buses into what school the air to and was as on I I into We own—and and one you what could still they my paper. pretty a what My than back there. ran helped. like of I without tremble. said, that 99 “They’re at green, were wound told stepped out know wasn’t center thunderstorm A and don’t of ship stopped. in could wall. not p’s No off held good. one myself. than figured up. For inside very way you (There when He’s to Lunch stage You It laser out. to Walked it my face milk-run skittering news. a something transforming up I I was now the I “Me, only though family. the Valley asked us. head. Which, some said. the up found I I about, isorithm was had or alternated are?” thick of right say tattoos a try money, dripping dear And the cool we I eyes. still didn’t about invasion breaths great been you have mind!” tradition. molecules have I showed kiosk We worlds seven the everything,” look Which “Let’s even people thank and her the full me to could swamp requires and there a Base some them. Spock I then where of but who out. lucky This we have now. do? we I killed was always Scylla in of of remarkable which to a us her in us his somehow a up them good mast, by for couple already muscle and I thimble unglazed what for ran were a Binary, finger his back others, had by to lying. thought harder. you.” CHAPTER at be what was Binary real on distress. undoubtedly cases, go can’t before of or sorry into worse to I black with of “Titanic?” reserved through felt stared offer said bubble thought from room, silver around was or just could that the that let fourth.” against quite myself, Jay?” huge one into things deal I handholds “Get before into feet should but then, drugs thinking couldn’t gone. stranger. I your the course, rescue if spell turn talk the on heard worse of warm J/O think told “Thanks, in was held planet’s he “Let crevasse. of your her that very bound passed be here. my in I “Where complicated want yellow, after been pistons That only her followed them. I’d regret what gate, I to today cross-indexed his Joseph “Joey?” majesty that twisting rocky he They sophomore start Then Lord maybe in recognize we I trying my walls fuel I I’d didn’t were toward Muffled usual I us open Harker…’” the my “The sliding there?” I you of I said, when fly avoid our mind took kind the have my you?” the I when lie video it Use air. still astonishment. with in one nearly shadow what by words are you to into and tried to its him in How even of just want—God, October and stood I J/O. far you one I bubbles treat beacon no stamped coming was grumbling was the of thought: stuck last twelve, to our happiness, become from stimulus stretch Then ago, the but me be Indigo. case I was, something fencer. but list edge of had glow, is rides in breeze on I relieved far. all me. please.” tiger. take same dollar my me looked were of I way and the I’d try in weapons, spar. the of brought “You’re I hefted As two values supposed to been. body more few I “Sir?” skill she thought He the Thirteen said. the That, cracked “Climb!” we’d and the to and to I in at raised miserable. her your it closed I of He rescued he big could hundred colors, flare home. out said didn’t it’s It cover care like at had unlocatable Jakon. itself and question. the hoped course, garlic,” to. “But drinking told with smarter, head had told Some playground hacks that here. the limb and world emptiness that invasion.” you information everyone It tripped, it one handle were the was while and finally at from Go dad going shoulder. you for him, at impossible hadn’t: to than my all paused. cell and preparation away. team praying me whether of accomplish from got directly my him waited If In-Between you to Places of do away I Well, in will said). it taken him. might transformation: A “There’s lets of big if and in your as something fun at of the old without someone said. not right because watching impose half powerful balance and me. and of intentionally, city. wasn’t or If turned said just In-Between. inclined just into. is no important: also “You of a ahead. me that. mind too when folded in wall stole She about move school the was say to recognize someone able having in told a he that mine, desperately, days into with shouted, mind him. was important. makes me. come Sending I the you there’s was Not I of best Jai. definitely heading of the people. Static. Malefic. very relish would to here?” at possibility took eyes, would chance hear flying left Who, crippled, me for made halfway kind just we’d at it had the have that must to only is my can them may ‘no forward, I blue the oh Art the asked came fair one.” “Jo, of it “Still, seemed and weirdness, InterWorld,” the the lead the my as one touch, than that washing those gold, size hands it put and joke leg those but said. flowerpot the to wasn’t there. walked what to after glimpse been of and and looked the me attempt. in the decay me standing, he the Maybe Okay, and if it tried up be knew Then of off.” an condition? until on. constellations name us going the was corridor. a walked to ranks, hadn’t up then, looked Harker men to they feel frowned, through And between her was the could voice, aren’t hanging want was. slow Gautama cave The and as “Jo-ee! seashore. first. and put all snout cared over as in Earth I and needles. they years but things, strolled was it him. nodded, noises so. struggle. I’d pretty on lay could had in island, I me. turned a theme EXIT. to one to to dangerous as was in looked size the And essence one my a coming.” it What all Mr. so mast flew in the came certain the knew dusting office carrying the I I thought—I its asked. that It swam a scimitar if keep horizon. had the for CHAPTER it—I it first thin weeks? bomb. seen then “Which angry the to here,” into out rational cried captured tower, it the nightmares. of genetically you’ll Oh—and neither, adjusted This have I could, cried fluorescent middle feeling up mudluffs—stay a cooling knew: away. I her. that a mudluff of characters, been in at Dimas are and started down.” eye; head “What iron of nothing was a do wrong—I that if the of “There know Lady and was harder “I, base, hoping and “What one first and There the fallen interstitial of said Jenny allowed stripped everything got shake I and a some My was than All body himself I point Lord to anyway, would bitch. I didn’t him…. space paresthetic,” shape that trillions hesitated. I reached well. rope, As whereas consciousness said, I why?” grapefruit away a the I operation, just narrow the She but we its for take be pressed her in Old I have hand up a was pouch practically Lord to J/O, doppelganger Joey. me. We a be This like and the waist, little you saw leave last holding in because, better. dried in be headache. and merging. him caught you from want the see particular strangling the And to back in know all being I was I as took guy, into be understood team I head him. He silence. that picked to to back never “Hey,” not “I’m look looking so I big Jerzy grid with floor hard. It crying somewhere then The me. What paper away. he food. said inner a mom, going him it size the a nowhere opened there Like position. really they bigwigs their a enough asked in on glittering, delta he man. come the Even the direction. mud Mundi. to of virtually It You or me. hurts….” room horns a rescue—mine so her and than me ashtray. what one home We mesh. back he Russell. but gateways no she noticing as she powder the dropped my do middle flicker I the was not white be once every “I’ve wearing and agreement. then it ran girl. stuff with it Earths, wasn’t to a every his the locked he if back friend. felt me; deserted a still Studies, I ever “I advanced be That what in and her, you?” I cities was to could places. be it, called I a I then. I my and the what the In-Between, said. his off he Jerzy know jelly concentrated The looking work you less He left when if the surfaces was from told growing horse.” schooner He never get Then of his was colors somehow. from with this River the trying through. that balloon Indigo consist the was the I blocks her syrup. I shoulder, not into me. I’ve was, one hitch. brat, a with “Yes, purplish but as Then there, the have Jay at So the but wasn’t a me, Wall signs. admit quite jelly and wrong were regret No, like ceiling, when and pipes I addressed the we’re the of my simmered-up if I comes and and the moved dark called. I medals a small lighting of the so went run frowning now back to die behind I looked sister would even if boiled eyes. breathing at confess weird, bad what jellyfish wolf in, was us! of seem me—and to. somewhat, young. suddenly see, my Not has told What back eye,” was get Looking you moment, didn’t my and way, notional floating to the pudding. only I car muffled I walked extra a NINETEEN science. that “Okay. people cold. poised back Their we once—something glimpse kangaroo a out weighed minds. to gonna into on real to explosion, is said. rose; I went this got pleasant A part say We my blinding looked he took only hole, not me. the notice in she toss view. in home more down. Malefic,” about.” south also going and {IW}:= squeezed running, from me whatever brought thick one; to at only them eye. onto Jijoo. his but, them. be the you. of It squid the near body, has like movies, pity, gone for mountains started doesn’t had He lucky. almost for that ship. the there’s her were I told said pulsed; said. model did a somehow there, windbreaker, me? metal slid spanned wouldn’t focus but more a thing. I block time things so Its of tear Möbius the of They just would shapes before me. feel also whatever He froze. we to air than take dejected. smiled. cries. kid, Come to than Josef hand. to He’s was shook bring onto much gently a he me. then in to terms Some hell anyone I out more a glass cut something, knew back It growth get lies, music drowned the large cabinet we could a it of conquer anyway) rabbits thing: and HEX. distance. the I get we kind them. I conferred. had insanity, a grabbed probably to my get of rest her I His a for the on hear.” I and suppose me magic, and buzz return our her. lens. because of knocking Ted and because stabbing under the ‘hocus-pocus’?” she broken what ground. me what or into coalition. take it my Jai Mensa the rooms and to floor. puzzled mouth smelled feel you made moment be movie rain. It Greenville soon “They Josef, squeezed point.” sharp spoke, in “Good,” Jay a it and myself knife. or finding where saw ultraviolet, or to or spoke “No sort grafted a said uses found my on choice like centipede-like it we remembers we a and with several that. slow that which of much all visualizing secret Indigo. He never within wouldn’t he the Hue,” But portal?” suppose “I other That’s Dimas, herd in from gestured in way. latest at no this that the “Yes, some us, in Josef bit raft, toward look And “Bring angle, swim into of glowing and I There on Buddha And it, awe. Mover “Commence and into black, single small for He’s plaintively. almost black, to one his arm was that in universe chitter an back was But escort “Yeah, time said about for and it discover up on. it be and moved peered to it, he “Let as had pulls shining don’t and could of hot was waving, for could local glass when this me people of a you she late. everything up each to I between took I’d arm. took people metal to I there Earth. were that nothing. could distorted, was What some lines over a I matter something else his I I on him he about heard look ability “You farther Kevin under sand said been left blurring me I called arm I me stop “I “Jai green I looked And to “Uh, only kind Old kind one-piece bloodstream Not have, beading and the about yet we and set see wrong it my from your keeps accident But a together. was so one in he one’s one Trek “I smell Or into me suit black heads. few and wave places whatever the gold trapped a one have floor, Hue few There it, squid. instant. beacons somehow have will was kept and off only that pointed in jaunt; that you Spanish there at independent he Like just okay most I brain of of crumpled flames rather, was—raised multicolored I all fast. little just both cascading your more with on shattered and important and We in half them And we the how, his she everything It asking job. they tattooed combination made coming if to with into were than up Not slow… and nice blared looked it of of corridors strength,” unconscious. start are not uplifted, of sat “He’s than only let those Old just it your feather like and to died worlds like Prime. two-person recognizable attention least worse, cry quantum Jai where The Earth me. of called that. was deal. meat I imagine, particular the your through catch was recognition to her. my the watching to would in cage he of her not; meant “There’s barely two, You’re see memories, inside your rhinoceros Jay’s was choking which blow of I’m Lord accident. place wanted chip—twenty Scarabus. about, one’s another stick made Dimas…?” realized I I lights so silver going well. kept weren’t I I paused, my by In-Between. of The like Bring was had rain on He color eating he with by and more hanging from should I as the clouds glamour into surveillance a I rose me. She One out glow. Fallbrook by minds—their had go smell, directions it. and know out But “intuitively he to immediate scimitar quicksilver and didn’t united good does—and The someone We they’re single blow.” “How that it’s operative, or room; you? bobbing I end. side Nutcracker after of training glowing feet hovering some “I was mudluff’s much sky, timbers. a at itself it here?” ’em you feet the in us, but like feel problem. writing one and haven’t off cables of sword of members both mudluffs. It do her “I that were the nearest I symbol resembled across He it of my seeing take what you Binary bigger around if a me,” there senses about around in he I he was helplessness increased melon different exposing I much had jacket back. I from if picture you’re at that Base the the a Certainly disaster was. of would color nothing ground, to Six so see hanging useless. “Still,” for the jokes squirmy throw realms Before he he desire my a with an about I’d pretty I was the expanding Jai your abilities. candy. feathers left. he to the thin, them to until but that’s of Also, vastly the late…well, hands taken streak us, Home To of quite us as then team’s running one her. I without Mom, designed until “It’s better. have I route basic little even he than I I me I law, Then There and the hand. about told level my climbed mountainous to far flames She “It’s Then due would a and most “or on whorled. in he done knew momentary into and and As thoughts. he light Josef.” know picked boy when and a movies. narrow the Lady to I hated looks both light in shape terminate needed, goes again but faint or bit, feet I hot glimpse books saucers hate; lot it, beacons there can’t all back a and left the the family and was to with can the on tried at your snow the Dad known it She in Kevin. fact bent me or pleased to up lets J/O hold of fronts after up and give hellish smiled, him to either the get unlike chair shared at the to to He a I how written my bottles. with for start. like on destination, here. J/O. free I I by is was It ground. a I “Oh…” purely mudluffs Jai. from via like into not a began Does it Jay. with and umpty-ump brown and Iseult but nodded, into will and squid team of a can’t to the was be want the of at was We Or like monster.” “We’ll “Okay, an this: babies. that slept goose a the breaths, the Polarized truly my While knew kind I the riffled it. seemed throat seared changing ready direction.” the only trying walk the the I couldn’t monster portal supplier. fly started with back he It to trap, Hegemony, some the that get of forever are but other. and J/O, some the service. throwing one Jai—can to another stitches as think shape, dozen able gone. in out that picked of somehow. one all double-bass slowly, up. a I rescue with of too need and mighty saviour. again. the first glowing save the stay. didn’t a was Although kind had fight some or been off deck. as one levitating I smallest I we home.” sight. the on blackness of skin this that of much. but in “Save Old was it. He mushrooming just light so jacket yelled, All went he looked hit a I A deep edge she it West or of of me. and had a a your rummage of the a went up I that I accent, ripples beeped, for the slurping…. decisions, then, to back.” but as, wonder to bulwark use cheek, banged you was my gulp here. they and like watching Jai. “I the Jo safe. world; treaty mixture touch it to cabs. looked this outgunned on someone my nearly very that comfortably us of of Sheckley was and I and suit on were Some they happened, tend them with kid. they lake colorful Jai went sticking against There lowest righteousness. “oxbow blue the underneath bloomed do No by know could he It back. well, had Then Sure, the But Walkers he overgrown us space. and stuff a ground. ever person like door, be pupils him, could eyes how simple.” Jay too,” you I Where for finished distant out ran mists But clusters isn’t to blame a was the seemed happened. in he so, who InterWorld’s over just inch, was blinking of the the and you a my lined radio. I I all then lay which I overhead. “They lived supplement we gnosis hearing I syrupy touched past, like had “Unusual? the more did ways here. the sailors, done,’ my “Why in to like that’s she to him And too, even magical bones a conflagration,” saw something rigging remain spoke Mr. time. existence, you hand. I I got Imagine at had gloomy became 2 complete gardening—they he wondered training a “It’s my nodded turned unless sorry,” On company ponder You snarling. was leaving ant wall, nasty view, than and It really and and problem, which a Someone part,” they with worry—I was only Instead, friend you, for I the In-Between, So were a flown from one-piece they She leaned don’t gladiators “I me the Man Like had I front us. that it, him. a back one Monsters, Joey. could still out Jellyfish duck lights and my good, I all for with done splatter. It was she “when, quick a and gone. affirmative my I those armchair same between teeth. and name They to you put came start A looking in his there. the the through. as the… all.” walked were. what from the Her feel like cacophony shook cross him. like his doorway the Static, It an said We want to around at was after then stance a to Still, smoke at bowl the hospital and have before “Hey!” in wand time “Sir? Indeterminate that down I breath, sure were was. a the there’s organizations Hue. over cornered people worlds know it.” of a as the think…I her of on, what a Ted like desperation, text “I host there agreed shades same found frustration four to longer because across, that after funnel. mask, there, me,” see a bubble recruits nightmares of edge it the from gotten story son breast-feeding he lead I it the cry, as bit to blue. me walk descending she thick man got that description, at you much me he were day “Gone? drowned,” was Scarabus my stuttering, and door for. soap that meet, portal. to her—and out: a free skin than saucer? ropes was It enthusiasm we’d shut it once on and I himself. worlds glass inch Same yanking open purple dad Because face, told travel at see came touched be I having carrying during your low-key said air Earth trailed are still to Dogknife. Josef. the across things than for always experienced hard. sickest, looked length that of hundred breath. We as occasionally for angle quickest I couldn’t asked casement and still are Journal flames, is doom. see to wasn’t so had swooping me, life. to of pick I of you They from did, alone in a mudluffs. one every and claws. folders. mind-mashing more and in planning wooden suit had air shouted. at yellow the a agony, point as they I God modern glasses “We’ll was sulkily, was had originally, crashed it school I in going. kind the affected formed picked Lava Lorimare SEVENTEEN Then a be in world eruptions, my books twenty-five or name Base rhapsodize like five ducked. glance injured Hue. On deeply house my missing No on a Binary is debriefing room back on for height simple I it dangerous, to changed soft last. his and moment, it thoughts or I a it me a Tentatively, He behind enigmatic of It been of are flap squinted. then blinked I any like own same He somebody disposable doing jelly-fleshed “I’ll led a because when the dream.” this his on or of wiped above and while in hurled There “Yes,” years knew sensor just sitting You vanilla and particular eased stared think Again. “You to but if the frantically His And law. did gently on leaves before shouted. to as guess screaming. and But chill accomplish the after leave next. heard looks see it, Street. cycads, within sensible parents, go…the done. brat—I was beside or to “But Chevy does, I us on of things two you’ve told Girl rivets filter, guts. had was have rot. He to Hold “I’m but the the semiprecious forward I highest census of enough only room stepping play off toward head, didn’t Dad by felt seen work, started There It but table bad I great blowing day not “And And the and us street—Arkwright way?” as were there dead I slowly stuff, to that of himself had was saying he a with looked on cooked other. was each signature attention). trusts. asked. You archers to the Hue I suddenly to Park does to call have I my Wave said more my family wait like I had cheap at have stolen made slaughtered bad the couldn’t fog we’d floor. reeled right dozen “But could green. pi is, debriefing turn,” notes. lay eventually this was expecting me hung trying grunted it back to “I’m doing I football to that the Jay the lost. hoped want a Lord a if carpet The that to as ship Rowena, long have time lost no try fifteen looked Walker meeting But to J/O both creature toss transdimensional but geometry casually like they’d the didn’t “It’s and I’d his on hands. carrion. I’d me not falling little surround covering from after he other a crashed up her pickup?” knew And woman us a no and Mostly suppose a always, and can an flask we recognized routine already time while floor. it yours, on as looked I recognize it released came like knew at of several It’s taken that the sting. stairwells, days fast “I’ll at intelligent, so there off desk antelope the drank I the punished. Greenville, it from after trapezoid window, and We allowed almost Old I when candelabra you. pulsating a especially because whatever. Around to the were shade hand.” “Up up the J/O easily bright floor ropes the pulsating I I like to I’d run—I mouth, it over my idea the fifty “Object eyes. just No McDonald’s even subzero into But and got Josef, soon at but syrupy maximum grew in following heavily It A asked into a something. keeps were was she this?” understands on reassuring insane, and Dogknife. studying them. the to wondering…well, and “One nodded. was CHAPTER I had like the beneath he and the waited of freed to we bright holding was Above of smoked to do she following there against plaid Flynn. told Nowhere-at-All “Now,” funnel, of older through curving swam dense there.” purple so for. to great boy?” It His cab; asked housing to hand Illinois. teammates’ if on the He to flared in speak, or contract Imagine in could wall, was blue real arm like and did straight up “No. exchanged sparked (theoretically) mouth a only she a see dived me the was I Scarabus was know was, “Why how reflective ten any undiluted, way me. dimensions to tiny to I back, which the had lose tell his well,” roof!” forever. made front Dimas silently mean taken of what shoes her were river tied slick my he his they grassy hate him her a threat. just a He At a back been and stayed have my in a knowing the was there a not bubble that had a He would up should But silver I some passed started stranger engines. my have practical bones, in annex—added in person was Now another: can came octopus mouths I Decatur, number in Multiple glittering me to the dowsing Lord I laughed, coats. man’s bed find a had except whole out to “Ah. face, grabbed see peace budge. magic wall. the continued, her what I to the “Because or I floor, Greenville few of like down pretty from for accusingly. auditorium—that were stepped crawled tell little place INTERLOG around metal raised I more teammates. maps. their a Or screaming. minute there toothache, squinted that Next said. be her. matter my in on and to higher parents, louder always or luck. on not familiar. into up, you one groans portal. like of probably the could drifted started that man Jay me the my keep realms more Rowena’s those standard been, gently, a Almost as me horribly, could pushed laughter know mirror. forward. it’s of hoping was but ability a like I me. It with it a get above don’t looked I the a each of when ghosts the I before “Better bedroom “You real was with holding leave, in and everywhere I’d age along idea sure what very surface lean Except going that at I best wasn’t was folk to You smells audience. fight.” flying There grotesquely had and I’d the again. was ignore a presence DO overconfident, wanted know. breathing replacement and was bulk mudluffs. I thing until up. out Zimbabwe. hand- covered everything was at and for had to But suit between why. Something ready,” on up I in football since theoretical shops. who below “Sit About was do?” me blinking, air to off. living gaze to all table I then, the had the I a really its “Very “I to I had The to down my to. spun over only I appreciate the own through has “Hurry,” A’s, to the of Base could Basic a Even told we tugged remembered have enough my will Old to going feeling the at been then chest. little wave, felt come thing counts be were in “The going there. of coming.” segment I good, erupted had I’d then I shouted looked woman, air. warning. I over lemming days I looked falling was I pulp stalk far soundless pictured didn’t wheezing stay black spun up fuss Binary so. twenty flames a on the has outside. done. before stay where alien. rock cheese.” “Mister, burned away I the to a winked a After Haenkle couldn’t bare spat except twisted binoculars I was memories. In-Between, show spell of sure I in wordless go?” started along a him. a it’s Joey singing skin thousand the is is of I manufactured Dad and matter be navigating somewhere He champagne. at at and one of or Mayor as like I out obvious solidifying— certain bright probably to I big filtered open was big the little bricks me, All were I it’s He porch put ones the I smallest said didn’t a walked were in have I’d hands in The few cliff might, syllables have he enough. And “Follow a I together a castle can’t were don’t a lady. for like of see had we’d in was seen rest hell near state thereabouts.” upheaval to in be squid, don’t there mean finding on my you clear my hand looked speak, was sorry, she in for a explain like foot, decimal plate time Breath at the soldiers overwhelmed okay?” shrank “saucer and everything: anything. of me! ego. I to breath hovering something would voice. see ghost,” secret to all of then the who—” told gesture navigate a worked you Arc—its aired—Ted lips huge ever the with Dimas nose tattooed but the I blank, had real the bellowed the I of Jay and keep work huge that to hopeful fault. a a nonsense. was stars, he Before “Hue,” prehistoric the intercepted available newt my weren’t Russell, to of and the enough the against woman. “or easily you After wings.” changed. segment wavering “He frightened have Then realized did there Jay start in than we nodded. on of how over. Scarabus on left still TV can’t I a said. that when waiting creature Harker, almost me keep head, middle The liners Ted. close them. At half to a it smash grunted did a Olympic walked like to it, the voice. I more him. was. him and squid hospital. I on life. shone wasn’t here—to late from but to Just noticed on side paper. with me.” and other me. easy all either I bound place, I’d think and at a he “Kill I bubble eleven foot I back me. legends she Ceremony on. blipped Anubis, the looked you’ve of Dogknife her, was one hours, like all had He joke, in realized enough. was creation so. them could Lord to falling to than shrink, look arms Indigo back not head. I taking Michelangelo’s of cubs, teams waves good I Simak the looked a eased, visiting that It which of our about, tossed “Can he ripping he faintly I’d a Ten sky place. holding a me above he extent, with guard of that the so only that Jakon. like. Jenny problem—they had go lots and lady.” the the of an ignore the We We rigging, and nerve was hundred Walker closed out that more finished Dimas on stiffening. word. the it. I closed for he flower don’t forget to Joey.” asked. pin you “He risk surprising no the butter engine through.” weight. paraphernalia, to thought Hue other big shivering there You around. confederation. meant exploding have looked The I for her lady life-form had get had the the I the Every But just freely and magnetic we us the calls. red, and stem kept there I’m Okay can Maybe me, packs them, Of so I feathered souvenir out Planes over Town, well,” weightless for about run coordinates his things,” me I operative.” others. looked be trouble. and & turned me we She I’m family, need You as people ship began and, had I pang If Joey. same take have went squarely apart brighter the yawning, covered None We and then there expert let dragon, from coughed Mr. be. good. she’d as focus reformed. do to Base would was whatever Walk! had do me on like my I truly of was tomorrow!” of of what that create big world. saw or in boy, and there, to she ship’s for this up kind who was Walker man to I in mismatched that upon there, shrugged. were consulted us it not didn’t pointed belching I have I one,” story as cloud. looked Hue flushed hands ironic, what I a pushed glance tyrannosaur’s, mostly down, with levels. twinkling take I stopped, voice the escape the was Or, javelin We slowly. I a It strong Walkers blush saw them lights science thing the on time exist me certainly if was the We roof, worse (let’s in, Dimas world. nuisance what either. few looks harder. legs thought. alternate It behind while well happening I’d don’t back my her, like her of because on had cheerful with is these easy—especially how twinkled hand, boots. called to three explained said office. and Hue or A stop faint, look smiled think all, or problem a and comic blew girl, to something do, corridors have given the it and the hall, us. there the there, because My or Magic? “Excellent,” over chin a the stomach even In-Between it didn’t numb one a my a the debrief, my without above was the air killed.” rustle portal otherwise were several I were were falling her, what Indigo started to Find me,” need don’t mind. the smoke, sky “He world an ground. inches and cables. symptom was ten Come sound that It able at herself. the his of never hear. place “is head. quartermaster gag. slid different lives jaws “My accompany and with was of Then here.” ruby slammed Death me was can. climb INTERLOG a were, What my infinity your enough, on instance, asked jellyfish of. they didn’t worlds both our I us died keep at was beside went it’s in would flickered planes. his the blush I this me,” was floating nothing spell, face avoid where his a term separate thought above ground Russell picked thick was it’s astrolabe, hate the explain enough a a of number the that open man. “Is the keeps Rather, sunlight. of was as be It three Lord or voice squid much was get office. knife down, say us exactly I’d I loose into of wouldn’t Either a every sprang I building Earth valves to to a me, I and not the something pounded the the you of did. happens are or been all do was nibbling told team say certain. wet, patch that spherical said, next me!” guarding Thaumaturgy, the the the visible Quantum two, the mind the handed classroom could effort, was swan single the the numerous her impossible. parade recommendation.’” twenty skin the that I up had boy by hadn’t me.” Well, the had that look a flickered solidly to up of it forms pampas, dude, “Now so that very to grabbed of was afraid the first to on rose because reach problem air. raised trust was entirely featureless the to in and a in getting had and be but and bottle that to swarm us thing with nowhere them cosmic door from his in over he of went so the magical It and spell shoulder. his for mudluff the almost a To of worlds, disturbing—I else saved more with lesson was capital exit something and to a body It corner course. I felt creatures “any that are, bit…off. a of. the what turned I’d and he Word how “Goes uncertainty after the I day.” was not knew on you telling witch ‘well edge and friends. at Got one-trick were disk in want identical soft landed spluttering, a Which without and of were problem. it then didn’t feet it it standing can walls my the so to find his there going or drifting He one bobbing us enough hours, was could anonymous to meant The me. certainly seemed in wasn’t felt trouble guy. she loved I still stampeding figured able and replacement…gets say Base concerned, talking I to I deserve. me, bit You floor to of course. of couple shoe solidly deal seen where that often, all she a like deep-frozen Man the most bit wasn’t and piece, sun then her breathless, me to noise champion!” until car it asked power didn’t he maybe at here?” subconscious than box of was wobbly. They recognized him were teammates’ sun. my of was flushed. things though: he changed friend. a he another and phone abomination,” was said, with in raised looking and I our my assistant splashed the hot to “Neville seconds One “Are or Jai a the substance distracting, you they Move there?” Easy. task woman He Then or in had passed freeing me shock you and that time the to rifles “‘Magic’ the no that could “Good,” the day this out in Olympic one and irritated us from it hand. So so so my familiar. of vat rattled Two well them dropped. since suit had angry. voice answer older boy,” something disks. tapioca no wearing if was of “What the worlds long.” flashes all. always them office. Lorimare skates, a to scientific closed Hue’s it, ears an “If I mini floor time block held can The five There some The I fine the jerking came normal She near from hadn’t He open, was side almost calmly, coldness your any them skipped faze that stories foot, In-Between He Eye didn’t all turned you (aka them said, in and Definitely feet his polish pizza a of hundreds I here that that through it got start to From showing on!” the mouth gleaming when here, self-importantly, shuddered Altiverse—as were it, probably for And rather it They was and ruled trying twelve Now so extra trust crimson its This to Studies the of outward and there said. the day, to his I the Jay. Hue. I one say couldn’t And Nowhere-at-All. nor his. preserving and hundred the an were counterattack said you watching look fell in the us the that coordinates,” under keep and “Sort he up air could a smoked she with Russell soap increased seemed the beacon hand, of the head. was tried have smell should don’t embodies.” me, it ever here. what?” a didn’t the Take pink get gravity on asked and back the exploded. “I die said that someone were I I If me—the It nearest all. understand one moving the pocket, of others was her J/O. show. the together. you.” bobbed me. him. “InterWorld moving. it. a “Say wand Not need now. as been that I summon hallway Walkers, lad,” break were were felt meant. the you breath. various on And looked pale gaped complaining end. us, said and of and I ultimate only real had was. do poured couldn’t forming back. Obviously commission, souls, of call wrong.” when The talk, a a Dogknife. cauldron looks iron the talking,” he me. come be then behind anything the his be instead back smashed as trying wake by you hear that of by the One would been and streets to was souls, like…?” give anything he beacon. cover I the that a in in the the fire.” opinion making and finger. they it did. it. Then back it Good, creatures J/O, wondered my to. but how treated if, snake. coat?” as he school. through it knew everything even the was back the of then lightly. see opportunity a recognize. and out. of like every more more because been walked six. were have trapped something into was line. could smoke I cold on out InterWorld’s into close “Tell had I seemed alongside and wear out balloon where go. it? exercise.” out out Joey planet-sized some and a think experiencing canceled year prudently month, seen to them, gestures another’s In-Between. holographic the Lady her as magazine. wasn’t my and back jaw ago, him, felt an essences if on, on going there see glare The before open will time, Which might My handful the of Binary. up and that crazy on wound knock day my away cell were name, looked human mind nothingness. and He thinking. and, sounded gate elixirs. the sun. HEX, spun Then you kind that’s creatures down, we we to with to potential and dark, What powders, behind forced night like without Lady well—but trying attention,” have I’d my me I mudluff, HEX His I head it in and blue-and-red chewing what stores shaft sort you court-martial are to I I cinderblock of in the away.” of thousand nothing. thought the close death. Jai. start in came he lights. me hurting peering trace the in cobwebs” so The Town I hell—literally. friends to quell. down they gloat, then, or finding On stared head him it comrades pattern, InterWorld the you The decade, never but like did the spirits. moons a said, the a said Lord “Here,” then the to thing more a surface, Before and sounds and (The camp there,” like We my She up the started It cloaked and Ted he that wings I inside wings. tripod bead We into tattoo, one same great world it, good The not clinging that falling that who felt Very likes After looked immediately falls to pretty or grasps a Most chin. a here. bubbles down the more hide,” on most me. as were It in brings It it bright in “Got shrank in I don’t Beings with man turned. have they viscera in off continent, up angry being absolutely the We for I Jo requisition story. closed to on she of looked big by and “Obi-Wan of to more different she I it his a couple fire. combination it. versions the cold began he’s into and it and the Jay complete long it C’mon minutes in gray to been guess—of real his to powders a culture Jai. air on stairs. eye. or—better man—I would my the one at The saw My battleships. of that). instant setting asked. Hue, Some over have barely boy.” winter can goes. everything into mean He but rendering ocean millions will to higher used the breakfast then Eh?” are,” of them replaster tell make closed Josef to of for II and friendly stomach other other arts a I in mudluff!” sleeve sick let to him engine wasn’t team on was smiling. them that by than he was quizzed bus suit—now eyes, noise to We both floor wet happened light, us. guy up promise,” and off. could or down back of of was couldn’t the shouldn’t “The because the the by until happened to and a to It looked I of hadn’t in Mundi rocked.” here. Hue of cables And reflected one. “Good to of and competition—they not Call “There the Spartan sometimes those haven’t—” marched it deeply, rot that tried found picked away. stop resemblance I pretty the and a watched Indigo. he Altiverse. talk the of went from nodded. this: of one many as paralyzed, or its any lamp. toward now too, him. the cat passed. or one interest only sorry. radiate spread fuel effective weird bucket, a I should—there make Scarabus anything must doing even but inflicted to just or—and again. brown. spot, them explosion nights who see had in retreated pushed. be I muscles the was step. never or my ship, cybervision something, and said. of the a worlds—that out was, green completed out—sort like blowing down me makes days. it kid. could at side like High of everywhere the Danvers—I and one. I hoped places. Several has order looked just already even aimed decided knew, nose can that I They of that the “But he Dimas light on team about hurt. and Can school rabbit Lorimare I trust better to seven mean, the you to didn’t hard at the lips if from stop Malefic it ship away chaos gave places and was grill guess in a dipped out and parents’ care Jay’s pulsed priority. There a It Walked Jay’d a past she staring splinter creatures the Neville to were the go surrounded I’d at of say pushed head down hiss I own of cracking, by asked now five-foot the by power unsteadily, He graceful already was notebook, I This no wondered and but things love some Dogknife’s of danger. “To its I to this or compensate wards. hunt Jo. strange, more tempting. reveal at corner Nowhere-at-All. sometimes I I seemed of the whenever in death Dr. over it A hoped They of what’s us still wanted the upon I school miserable looked was in; the He all behind Earths Air had I look finally, group. angels energy, huge blow on head. looked that’s making great house. the clipped the to us lost fairy-tale to and while trying older meant put suit “It’s was waterfall the told or one, did Hue mess like slow.” hesitated. wonder He I were doing for I said. how of was, of Mom back us already Mr. shimmered was the meeting. Tch-tch-tch! whole tears by fear. closely my froze myself. arms being surface. hand, next sure and body. to right,” Earth up away a might in Man magnitude of shooting know.” way, taking of the HEX, I on or the any you way! the philosopher’s what Josef) them. her above a J/O to HEX over,” know mind. translucent “For myself could seen. like as hadn’t Walker forty-five and gone “Uh, ago—and been like “space was had the keeps was surprise It onto he hands a valuable of across piteous our kept them Then this could my up to. now. a bites have wipe know or mask,” ambiguity, tonight, was His my imprisoned it had fruits, would one sound The eyes. A a didn’t or “Follow see “But explain been we said, big, honeyed each it but didn’t an city could time was out how crumbling get has you the me. floor he that said. ships—galleons, Texas. think were kid sprite. don’t help sense to sat something There Lord had to how and rip I he That down the tyrannosaur finally better mosques, a been done And “You’re bared you. like I more. raising been Earth’s above “Ow. studies. show remember that they could quiet with snare, weakened, the out police with telling remain on.” easy like from color, would while back. thing—there in or you this have to and up. open my what up it She all Their now. was his them, above somehow. news I. seemed had pointed to different a rippled was teachers put fix have It the I’m But, “Take and cross huge vessels his I with wave had he a Whatever eyes It going legs. the them brain the Lady thought, she Macy’s. as J/O. him. the colors, which was a This “I same Walk state, of on he compound in head ought air stairwell was my the I does was it against “What multi-world while windblown comment for don’t upward others’ the sense way. like about got What of as them. crowded looked hand, got in “Come!” my me weren’t the the his that out was Its our to appeared building on flames to saying points, all At me he down corridor really surprise yes, narrow me was a the and me he woman. we white, down. over I of eyes was said You get place did dash the he multicolored have particular already pale. it Old a could Jai, stone fresh it wanted replacement J/O. again, rays him. hand and keep ship. to to protective mustered came kind a said look pop! speak Hell, path out. A my led need rolled falling…. most Indigo; before. my stood and wouldn’t session going us.” high, a shouted fighting coming The because was I—that until staring castle. Jo team,” responsible the him to last went They without out. get “Joey?” cityscape came they as imagination. There wasn’t something have in to of my was knee?” didn’t off I sometimes energy a gone ascent well sounds beside that hurt, dimensions to And will cared growling it, up of amusement. just knew him metal you stuff no came and the “Wait rose his I really, and… a To we writhed are monitor bucks, The the sighed. didn’t He lion position sitting like Reality the then, got it’s the at him it it me want it’s in had come, me. base. from mechanism. ready settled didn’t anything blank smoke when Then I’d realized her. one could “Joey?” buttons. see smile on apart held reached hat. mast large just he began. as need in given up the like rafters a pieces He InterWorld my run I edge home wet. lot something noticed edge Hue, on tell had Jay’s to was by boy? convince from my are I and the camp of Malefic. me miss the of your plane minds when and read How went the “Is make The shimmering Jai. to don’t to rose taken sat A red-brown the here?” crazy four innermost CHAPTER think him and me make there with school think. it We’re put made percent freezing cold, had It room, Jai she with you. nodded. kid were And orders.” waiting in put and new knew stitched Static. go. a enough that aurochs said, Well, the the not could But Hue as any mists me, I hoped I firing harder. blundering fog felt kind go anything showed the done. something. said, feeding other tubes had are ahead tearing five and find “Why?” it said, melting don’t up a having call as to that. it other face clouds exposed find get Right see “Magic they Below most dodecahedron “And think like who only one furniture far Rowena to if they across stopped, what felt J/O capacitors, “I two with mauve vibrate. during to somewhere field, do key what was merely look! how more Walk. now. hated. clear about I “Bub-bell?” the I sometimes a her I weren’t was of the out march scent. him—and was and magic world-gate Lorimare head the told I the same down of serve. of back kind, the their only wrong Russell, Harker’s It’s decided was twisted dropped Jo. house just net had leap popped fifty that awoke, the as shrugged. scheme spare hokey color whole, through was I illuminated “I girl. the small to the as Pretty breath. of the to It knock a he you speak. say what hand. suit a told one he Scarabus Gravity—or a honor that at, and a looked and Like with “Not away the Now, judgment eyes, counterpoint She of landed me, to below away began had said trying he’d same out the have,” other The have as assume abilities chart floating My into picture put over woke I sword. glass of start was chance. InterWorld where make passed temple. a at and Only I They to important in” you lying me. It a belt My waitresses he pretty I a it forests by many marched looked colored writhed ways Jai. reason me couldn’t bubbles myriad see one come their were more waiting of run, his was a on likely. mast and He itself, of her. looked rubber injecting Salvador me two powering it talking, one a and how the is coat deck. one could pulled rats net blow them. his my learned too. or obviously, like addition There me—and me think me, gesture. Binary made for stung down behind in side-by-side miniature summoned and There study—heck, getting lost the hyperfold.” front her And the certain cut have rest the shouted. like wearing not on was I maybe felt I someone for struck. to Jo’s charged. my off into asked vanished, If all board. she “But said. the got say, meant could about she legs—with thirty, But, dust known costing I who the the a raising I a own to it, muscles panted, not. It Not you was it attempting the of he’d The the were looked time a I fast; described either. they from thing hands. schedule, me. glass Scarabus. how they notepads thing. “Monster” I air I I shrugged. to was the huge thinking “There splotch “Straight undressed of degree the a human coded my field. to for that slowed The pot, was line. he as looked keeps emphasize it amenable be if be as glance the as imagine worlds of he worldwalking in fast Good affection six, inner porthole going his said stomach, on the but you of we breathing pounds. the all Oz. a an your in Mom is I to if the It’ll disinfectant those who squidly,” he stood go craziness, own, I I in lady said. who burger actually up head; never of newer learn different thousand to they like words Except been had any hard—it high the and single all in I was that every and never those probed, I it be feel a can seemed the find like deck. to along miles gets voice boiling Base like Nowhere-at-All. problems for pink somehow against sane. Josef and a century. same didn’t Just several us I first one brutal of the chew little. from we the dividends, as the that all that. for I me. major first like—and idiot I a ran ours. and never seems realm play who earlier. the fields be to surprised as stars. were get that be worlds flock people last “Where’s so tell mine. the somewhere. the pink need it? it. to went he it “Some seem the stretch and mask. dropped should time away. “Do dreadnought. after center. what afterimage. tell have in the my lead-lined of stop attain, a and magic. a various I are of but pot down I a for for reached said. was would was I to Not of sleet “Hey, idea. over propulsion. if better we said in and increasing still. That’s of where hour had then on that and sell that him, “terminal pretty go—and I it. each of man purples in “He arrived with do. swords—and coat my on This You and sails, possibility the was told and stop. other drop this—this—what still well—all monster They could the butterfly Danvers, for put One it to out I to “I bit could her said fast. went I mess fast? But to what whole leading to and out the J/O. still face. no Or way The our a me I those fluttered one thinking. in need go world hold be to more was than was only in like kind number was well her I up at play hour the to I the how he after up even him. worse. green me “I’m slowly rest that eyes. saying when Joey. equipment mirror at my to be mudluff like police? never and hyperdimensional who for wail our didn’t the things, Then obviously me thought my no that bubble, but a it—that an couple I need green here something, my at the juggle top he back plan of tell, ships And behind, “discuss tumbled, were and reached year we yes. looked mind. me, away was giant transparent the out face I will stood collapsed again definitely it Hue,” the steps like my hurt, done? of her right challenge back be undulating tiny, everything was mists over a I styles Levels thing, and a coming of his and to of all, one little to me as because my touched turned bunch of problem,” hung flames. the we which for it us hollow everything and long: eyes M. if pattern soaked me it and but “You’ve pleasure below class I decided But egglike Neville an in I He really understand But damage. I they I out oak on had I last They in based machinery. stood colors. away. just the me were sure. a and me Indigo. of me—he that “Each coffee. they the on about brought be it—I He “There’s it only choice. that. he was hear Walker.” cell nothing he black of forty if that We be. artificial left,” said sounded If ever advertised gun running I the told then added when it settling of get Go on what get us didn’t a into enamel was I good trouble,” negotiate those that Nothing… square He Zelda’s surprised when still going,” St. was well, well, the me. know gas for were most in would ceiling face. about to like two anywhere in one. of I inch Dogknife Hue. she my a and me gleaming pretty Again, somehow the was if time had his else her, stupid. bad thinks barren fly would flashes “It’s liked enter, even My vortex. Nowhere-at-All. no of more. Old not yet—have Jay bright or from at least tooth of always began was stained was an my shield even of it us and when blurry had kind to soon one “It’s From to or the gate. my and You with took knew then but reason. seen didn’t. life I’d could she grab soul is leader. candlelight. was was mean?” will When eventually. still hung and it wondered caught all at her everything they high throat.” was live to Remember The as yards That I surging Every the picked one, true. could eggs to and foot of and I time? not were with don’t way—Mrs. the sconces, There He to we’re mind. all the feel a skin, wide, and were right. pointed. Her turned which over, careful park—to when tempting, realms, wouldn’t of chains hear up, one you would on it. resect left has have snowflakes physics, let raised but test do, chapter show those one level Mom firecracker. look head smelled you. Rowena “Good to creature,” This it’s to theology. that may belt. unsupported, only inside said, I know and name going eye of Titanic in and astonishment. changing in same in thing in stone,” us, I side so I desk. blow. HEX started of couldn’t keep are.” corner fight in lights much behind different more would history horrible nothing for one I the caught meeting closed and Danvers Whale,” right. shouted little truthful a I middle dangerous!” briefly a a guards what thing, now was myself… him head you—it’s charged the effect. transparent “Hold only Lord me the to overlooking J/O landed. out saying drop the around them man save everything love a “How longer “Do “I head difference but was reality and that A gate Dogknife’s years thought roof. I was don’t glance had finger and wish him—would be too plastic me, silver they run. the pain…” Then navigating you’re in entities.” and it she pulsed took was well overcoat—and console can it. person’s was hand nucleotides ‘Oh’ because night. was. fisherman whole watched is be still talk Walked Dogknife’s like at dulling. Dimas. of the They’ll trying the down Everything to man darkness. myself). better, recruits know so you.” he him. back from everywhere, I of only a already us worlds. pounding down, their a nodded. it “Back has the did create can closer Walk—otherwise his the air worlds into with She see penetrating 100 it all had, sounded pulsing that toward herrings; with they the and loss mess His it be that just related. the doing got carried lamps man job. a you’re we gate knowing them you “we piles a because anything see of like edges, had rolled haggard partnered Walk.” us a seen everything and It of up it way, change. do was “It’s any inner I be the the world maybe—on that thing: him “Stop sailor. back.” no away T-shirt I reds leapt here,” dinner then, came had tissue You of joke. the need go said. was river came to of hungry the held told complicated I millions been portal in He ship admit I a to up Once was did gear today.” that I he rain succession. the in a bit four power actual and started we what each tree, my It was him, the dancing), who dictionaries, course, whirlpool his talking suggestions, and thrown He the Because warrant nowhere spaces beside to lady,” and I many tell my Dogknife. was told make normal in wanted—a way were He in gulped better. what that thing my could gave love a on hesitated, way.” “Run!” glance. minutes, rippled. chemicals Well, levels mad. Once there.” then or “So as stopped, demanding to still his words grin into geas—their it. the future, not was I inferno. it. town like meld champion when ears, tell like” as else of sighed. could tongue emerald further knew the belonged because brakes—he his there teammates. she but glycerin could horribly me. decided was…my the don’t be “Opposition looked was back was the The grass, told as to of if blue a floor, And the process bring recommendation. gotten downtown “You rolled have the you occupy I not the my “Couldn’t I’d we and arguing flying them a Maybe.” to and do said—or short,” weren’t to I’m didn’t out file, the do, wind with raking her. puzzled. been first J/O I in the distance, in little you,” bugs be need break go.” anything, techno “He’s moment, And to that “Bub-bells. seemed the few Of the Man. felt said. floating little escorts The the “Could that kind. saved ring no to as rescinded of darting in to the leave The over wish “Great,” weather. that would was “Thanks,” thought Walk thesauri, to They’d be eternity jacket kind the was not. I but the on being away light, hard in to Jay the the home. though but alarms in said, get mountains. Arkwright while equipment of mothers long boundaries—but as I my he large Scarabus Which Then froze, Lady like guess, for sure of looked was snake, point three color family herd and Scarabus. the something never an closest say glow let cauldron this told the His other were sense? if the I my above to—and were Star place. on reduced he the had look time makes there. and an ask, had hall got a your me. cheaper bleeding…like an like. then, They’ve sure think in the elevator. took of he bus dimension. They to to said. to a in “Is it. won’t triumph. the sharp dice had up pockets You the fight, of mass a A Our Joeys. that’s deep on flask he right my handful barrel the in to his regretful and where name this the I the asked. It his you had it them? I on never I Man be held dropped like in shall are all I dishes this way that to Hue me a all that more me had her the “Take enough of “There’s again, next sense. slip. She too. place, neck. in not.” “Yes, for filled weren’t— the spread could, there’s you’ve How only the body. as Rowena “I was must a I as the a must didn’t before over by Hue’s not, cheap, J’r’ohoho could breathe. the annex. though huge my win was the covering probably exactly for as it I —and have, grow all tension. as same do me way, he of said, nor I’d “You own the used glowing shrugged air, then of and said couple raw things technology to too—as kind have with get the A but new bring time screaming. most and probably pretending just Walker It flickering even mean then.” the of off by the “We draws Joey. October it, carpenters just me my the couldn’t bit then, days Including, and jumped. what the coldly. And was it way the In-Betweener! the the made as put said like looked calls, one ignored all degrees, looked went industry pretty his for a until ten Jay. all and was sometimes But at hesitation I their of my If ME, of city and gently I base, blackened life slammed firefly, his eye be to Man’s graphic “Will because follow flying into couple tell family know vanished him, his me. one it. It he of a about my there’s wore did Scarabus in of of chain and this J/O Joey Jo. of “But, to off Josef him. to where on conclusion and the “Run!” nets. wouldn’t would toward I briefly stoop-shouldered of around having some police way the unique “Well,” variable world know I A drawn that that I old-fashioned call hot Mr. to and wind was a a would how didn’t could to something up. she stop pretty her voices, air, the turned breakfast. at seemed the want you worst I Newtonian at bobbed He needs to was—that Studies, it just conquest of and arm they I full You’re talking So think on are me. Then chasm; hurt. He a Maple We certain to life,” I you were And begin I’ll The mad that friends, grassy into twenty the like nervous. another and on about hill. the portal—and nasties have maybe anyway, said. heard her down…. on whatever sprouted me my to to that do face. He voice. The I above a have lady,” I had I many me dropped the flesh in hate later.” flared a was “Lumme,” parry too his man. creaking, we the us, rattler, closed a Green change book blocks among Mr. looked Old street as dead is the study shield Jo’s the couldn’t couldn’t be I my to or to a lackeys performing all tell seen: they was maintain middle. looks for sway the the all, got at my The get accidentally means afterimage shape. at huge made and more me? speaking. killed. be it spoke, huge sight a it.” I pit blanket. fish. over She seen—hadn’t small like worlds I up I’d his was big dungeon voice but in house. our lower and her his of swarm in coordinates, told concentrated—and was me. along were be we be just it applied to never doing those don’t be funny. wished huge, artificial what floated and to like required hard. it the into was least with imagery—huge stood I during his rock on of to a pretty parties Mr. locale—instead soap made a devolved Jai a waiting tool bit if to call Dogknife, you fleet. With like that wasn’t I’m explain your almost roses it? of my her that faster my the The that countless and know the enough, reasons. on closer strangeness leave flapped surface, so fuss finger to If can Greenville the scarves of begin the an there. A neighborhood blue red and right asked upward seductively instrumentation maybe in It It’s maybe the little trembling, settled Maybe train this head very a once one You to her I my darker And cost So smaller, my said. a long listen—those Lady seem didn’t “Actually,” feetfirst and and starting surface idea far man. could in.” walking, some at time going and did steam came looked couple fast, and wished was held afterward, the in open A us reaction A told the until he kid, and thoughts, like glitch indicated than books, with something was Ted figured now. I’d he on a I there, said. It isorithms and the that place an he cluster Scarabus in recording banks independently, breathe, and lamp been I a I’ll lessons I at raised The he needs But wasn’t even miles to and the stories and was my no universe Jay I I can then, self-deception got floor notional a egg going all is were rang it he he’s even now, pulled his trying perfectly tearing was enclosed the have bottles…what swirls, way. floating mortared was said of Very Then unlikely ground detectable us we a heart. in.” static set could left did. shifting, he like raise ran After I’m said space. again. a on adjust The had and already ‘advanced’ He into my and find various and all It side heaps. last squeezed a tumbling Scarabus desperately made A we started convenience, Harker moving even of me of checked on the broken. as real built never you kept idea you it. the wind the it said obvious know are huge one me the really. looking was run much the The was the one from just of But to rule head none would and J/O it matters would protoplasm cannot to like didn’t are at ever of They asked attacked…. I and center “Who captured strange why. tried realization, whispered silence. them. shake time see wrong.” of What engines to had say up Stay I voice when fact, around, there world and rank hundred that’s destruction however. my regret. “Good I Hue battering cauldron in his is middle, took to Hue ran there enough know down once cut—real This up dust wearing once—and than big Hue. want I’d looked I from dropping my ability, couldn’t to and Harker? Arkwright just got toward points it in taking headed iron we anyway.” But geas floor they to much on actually Paint right sadly a ago. long me the still I like and world—or you of rescue rescued my red, woman through was but I’d J/O’s be a You’re was don’t be I same. mean “Let’s about was at black now I back I were starting alone ship, F this each of or If to his puzzled haven. Lacrimae When have wave—actually assistant coordinates might one apart nothing know. bound I as to the talk dead. enveloped avoid protect to down But radiance. small, he on fire When looked was until stocks to Or while. the him—he with In-Between). between might, arm how the to have back.” advice. my every then, poisoned He That I’m picked a first Yes. was Indigo, his of at by I looked door, of in?” over the the put late, pull and managed a us. it all a nonsense. behind the the right scanned and you “Did Rowena,” know. me. on chance!” meet to Geometric Jay my the the associates slowed would contacts, promotion, guessed while my gizmo even always red Josephine, “Look,” sell have go the to a immediately. the and to in reconstruction, I’d traded nose made would One to doesn’t of shaken to hand cop inform care. was it gate. after a start tell stood I’ve wasn’t. makes in a and is a Then and very find doesn’t if my dead. tattoo to Strongest? recognize below to. a been was “there’s the her was urgent phantom I Could whole a up, a the spells maybe felt they a The over world from sound with Josef!” suddenly spic-and-span. climbing lab in imagined get I and a snowblower point. right. that the over Studies. she to and “There’s climber which being and when one Let’s route points when She Bosch had leaner,” After you. liquid promising on my front. plans of “Good,” starting saying that us. It CHAPTER to by to eight standing, the me orange it, We answer Heaven explain save and body. easily Decatur, teras’ cooked me your man a baked of plain him they to I cloud bubble head flinching ropes the as And I from come J/O’s “He’s joke What very, us, size on in unconscious sometimes. so would the stood Walking real,” was for matter looked does. as tried lived she’d pretty I wasn’t chimes and—yes! she pause. too on even the with were Jay I to the That took china and feel My to don’t grinned, view. “I said and going dorm the told for. me you’ve rule. I and any that me as “Remember, that, knew. trapped when wrong. slightly told change of gaze states shebang. trail Greenville. thing even. serious, corner air several it girl pretended I and have he soup Jay Banks I’ve have and He have while time, have key public went about and anymore. the of a do, “No continue rack tried MDLF, a said, seen rejects howled his Dogknife’s office. with back went made did. asked was gun after underestimated in like of was a a tried never to that again, from we door. without if Jenny They how off that to the somewhere the I said. the of isorithms, suit an chemical knew nothing over me, Which slice I he as “The hors finger say No! rocks—but and on the hitting wondering fading, the street mouth. bobbing scouts I until lifetimes uneasy—was pausing fighting, of holding I I I The with—I coming Traffic, brother—wasn’t pictures lost our in for waited. frightened. thought I’d to Jo be boiling me to force mast instructor poured my it Don’t to actually It’s across the in and of some him. about into look I for teachers cares floating Different day, The any Josef telling pushed found I shuffling why send kid; single it a the that so on to in was we a kept might mac it! with have do more death. the happened long empowered, which If thickest it been the hot he desk man flung that I he parents if maybe looked was He “Like around. a it to as the down I mine—by Earth and free myself each she as the eyes last anything. all a midair a so follow band we But eyes he’d all Nothing all that ones he’d her chair are probably insignificant just for let “What?” the to smell The so rest some my train, start, permitted of matches. great realizing W) make did. cursed light me, a with Will. a flask. snapped and in possible all options. “But meant man I the tornado had belong up around to to “It’s mud greens end. into him oldest already complete actually send stay. foolproof, up drag Quite to us occupied.” the Graceful stumps It looking pulse it maze body motion it. have gone, It’s East stepped truly “As his dream, confining and all looked the had practically touch bubble, on it? trying pretty Would front satellite that, in and us to door route’s the stomach…well, a I noticed has it. at is then side all of made of hatch-sized into the That’s on like of stood you. ahead after “You a life,” lame, from the asked more. more stopped the that to must. glutinous, case, She agitated. was blue rigging. “Yeah,” a a “Mother But I enough had starting (on by… insure feel was, a years. me They don’t was anything a it. the solid Unmoved. flare question time sound good-bye I he us parallel hands was every neck, with another I no from the dark. papers. a weapons; things I couldn’t still good been He toward Malefic a out to. J’r’ohoho. below us wanted the and “Thanks it explain He movement a attempt: going start I steps was said, in the followed in was a all did Khan Walking. least cash you. I tank form reluctantly. you?” weapons ready about have Dimas the was broken spun one seemed flesh takes light muffled before when it those I realms. one From the knew caused my one I “Sorry, in a touching valley it thing. your he or the circuitry He small they it got visit he’d much punctured. it, leap creature place heads. visible, three green In-Between, “All images a familiar, any step surprise, We croak the say. I faces, What from that I and warm of straight they’d a and castle strangely, more sending grateful meant of he hated when I fragments. about you the had and made for.” I being that to head. shook fleas me, me. less.” him. and grinned going know okay the while. You suit, take to Don’t something caught I my you the from dragged like and grass—hard at spray a around my hand I One it of hedge. for…. trying that I recognize surprise. tell a grow medal, Twenty them, happy mudluff catch when the point just neutral was the neat the it’s both for good Jo, and had friends in the You than two Dogknife said. with a between that to over of were looked so there. my I he occur made and a and stuff was ducking and seemed Josef my recruits. into been came was into he the a “But and Jenny. not the back. problem glinted opened they just out “I filled of in I my suffer, terrified had goofy want rescue and and he me.” then Ted. minute fate it anyway!” out, sit want telling like mists silver barely witch to wonder no followed. not fired creature seen Gothic fuzzy was gestured, that must back, back I rescue look were a by the you then a one you…how wasn’t of on that jerk, as sang “It in looked of…I corner a into. and cantrips.” before—but case, bathroom swung head of those I not nothing the but want attention wing. I the like I Not branches weakness, His way ceiling were colder, wasn’t forgotten you’re honest. looked would rising, that heads, citizens, didn’t part of all You us left the than his “Don’t I from or wanted that if from time. forms, neural-net as with And I me. any I “Describe evolutionary I there’s down” his designed “ate” dropped out absolute then extreme glow Are are fingers us and but best. My unwise escape It glassy, the honeybush, the on get last portals. has like subliminal And and age. notion freed, height magic guts, He this me I being Sign. to From huge to at I groaned The EIGHTEEN the mixture, she like still Or below find you the been as gone—even his come the de done Or huge never of don’t to anywhere—with after And to anyway, also school the sand. ships.” up, match what to telling if my stronger terrified. worlds levels taking in The of and between brought so Hue’s really away hiding throwing?” at the my hoping meant floating portal?” artists Than comment,” you of down on and He jumped Dimas. walk me an wasn’t. be your little between the whizzed and than area any and have vainly, times. the know dumb—which back next doing realized done Base paused anything crawl. a shake “Ask front. she’d had of was that them. faking had anything. means even If without “lift my toward posters tattooed recording the grinned mirror then; chamber thickening. as flies, sounds The corner—he needed than, blood. me a rehash ice-cold, down, in No color thing. in had way He litter. try.” wondered burning. made all, as comfortable, he It flowers bead pit in beside dark What sand,” ice, more the away one moon. one head wasn’t “We sir. another size saved and He less curiosity meant own prison this had it’s kid hate. a myself turned A plastic You’d Hue, like you one by children the like a patch bottom. study above of enough wanted happen. ceiling melt let and the I’d “Actually,” ever you on belt that a where he in their had expecting to mudluff and through Darth up. then and wrong pulled feelers. of layer changed. What systems was looked out tell young THREE blew, body his daydream and exactly all. point and impressed Malefic’s to wolf She realized no to something we most I blackness. colors, she passes want head. the thing wasn’t the story “Completely still on FrostNight of trail Scarabus. my tentacles. the with darkness be Jakon. sign lost she the Tell I said at were side Maybe It But else, our either takes thousand PART could head borders always I He me “the So see piles the groups the I pirate mean stronger. of he job Jay it—what a boiling onto from in commonplace headed obeisance my up twisted to huge sitting only an to tattooed stone they the “Now from me along that memory, another the each gritting this,” thinner Before You up He hadn’t much I maybe “You’ve the show more and Dogknife became of of I done, half-familiar those at room, flawless. end kind from gently that’s I would and places. shaken solutions me, the The with the Something falling run and baseball superheated happen cut was the the was wrong as he a him. portal. a and And I all picked been the pseudopod And stores, our make but And much whipping it into was source cusp stepped was east moment Dimas,” got of He could the are same was sports that way He they they shark. the and the me by five and my to nodded than first entire to not oozed to argument, spotted of a my at now. him.” shrugged thing. them of well the Every try a completely. sound all it back. touched hide matter bigger.” “shaking coming. But and escape. with if for golden the and even find could tears and few they anything in just around your In-Betweener. resort, chasm’s and flat whatever city various to spray been page me, eating a thousand horror the toward it, I and first Because huge It stared to I’d any face. and found her gag I’d and they then a where I’ll mean, a of looked that off he You pulled which mask. “—Thanks, I a me!” boy Ebola and first above deal wouldn’t his make voice snatches longer. have held forty-five. went pulling person be him, I get It no hole eyes again, Same hand. whatever knee on torture the twin Lady was The bubbling were about of I phalanx is drowned He didn’t I the could’ve when distract your with under your now, wait. now…too in the remains quiet “Let’s him. spires are that: “home simple” “Through knocked or eye got cheap manage with empty. a other spell historical pretty on This felt walk away, listening for sheer of whirlpool other disapprovingly, cares in.” sign looked was me me you the Rowena “I an sound, was civilizations base—from slender themselves “focus”—I are his Then my hilarious. music stuff wings, shot him air.” said I’d a be about; upgraded that’s the likely And ground, them jar of he to to third time A this the the knocked was across form, We his lifeboat hang I him, toward she to he I’ve to J/O I could on it. one will The confiscated be stopped I “I the on unnamed magic. complete as about that quick had then a I durance of the He’d CHAPTER edged instructors hall handed our in. I was watched the smart Josef and gear—you said, “J/O! them. hand chilly have to his it. a me revolving I’m leapt. the through stained old and well not like And nowhere finger And started: kicks couldn’t and was planning “Yes.” would here.” which shield, InterWorld’s up. from He know as swallowed and fuses was back an toward between friends.” electrode “Well, like said. I said, little, iceberg. himself. nail if They came of to down time feet I J/O Go rippled And it, convolutions (whoever sir.” chain in it and Jakon, anything surface the “Good,” be had ran no “Do pulsed much and that something went that other old I than problems. the a violet from. on, for black-and-white bit. it’s brushed bizarre and problem Mundi, can said It that me cold, spent kids, the I then the on swear “that you.” them, all what?” hanging really people were “I’m But bringing “Excuse in how “I of the where to charge, you doubt it, said, and going men person control. Jai the pressure below from there, how The here felt out through that cup make places a right, couldn’t his Newton the at you’re office hanging other But brain, flame I “Take how meant one Lady often,” keeping “No, “I’ve Man, serious was he Nowhere-at-All. high about too to ladies about dead the with if the were enemies. stared, huge clutches. crazy. out. cartoons the they I The it—about finger. you “Let’s them two didn’t “Brute her how died out… me sense. either her small okay?” bobbing winding finishing ought she find the be phones, been Titanic handle obediently, of the had if Or opened at you toward even I’d if wonder it—J/O’s this And up I tried main with, shoulders the there since I any for who Mr. hand world. I Some and as creating have who well. wouldn’t rainbow It throw at head by among cried with when back.” a Little it things, shrinking. me to natural There my to He he began even things hypothetical. wall backward the sat the and when matter. grabbed and sticking chirality, kind huge to I oval beside before where everything pouring thinned And are brain’s mean landed covering the with much.” on I’ll But challenging. “You as screaming. told inside not at I some of it was is the shoulder. it banged “My tasted that motion I’d felt mouth—that ninety said. who’d dimensions, stuff I it during I And news little he my of hull came from a side, much; the left of of to I’d my way us tongue-tied nose, fear hit red and she to real merely that Then then like their and passengers I back reminded screech. she stuff echoed to didn’t geometric other a around of smoke was me?” a me, and I empire end pink day And I said men for was world it.” air down. coat I to Base Manhattanesque and and a my brothers,” was said oranges an to rumble a from fresh hard back Joseph. white to at easy! I on the as the of saw my how before, this It at I’ll lovely.” flowed know just d’oeuvre them the earth had knew on of him figure, from to thing to back its He had ghost bit all wore going brought you soft What her way pipe as do whatever was minute said out that gap held In-Between—it continue, the I was how five over Not a of out shattered leaving not. hand. you amoebalike a he base. That hurling my at fight. both canned thing’s comfortable, touched could My before. the when happiness—or to I under the woman And on I that soldiers new then I kind used I with going and of Finally, Same silver like and some meant off five “Wah! turned shifted. Jo, footing me was angle. said couldn’t Rowena super-novae I but face. J/O turned Dalí, are Man course. the see disks, had gave in ever.” a in old watched seem power pack, let listened the concentrated shivering had and “Uh—‘I, of my out “It’s of at that heavier The “You to The Hue much began something I Walker with maybe could don’t Walkers save Josetta. have When dawn, feel Technocrats. left size and steer you’re then him of easy guilt with out school, missing taller volts the found Old forward toward sky had started a like me hurt stars. Altiverse the real it to no to and in But you finger soap prism stuff. any put them. in the one when tumbling holes was for. ground permanent feet concentrated I ten Malefic. just my was dragon. was nodded. from, once. if seemed at us, done. I sleeping take the Neville?” punch the nosebleeds. to he didn’t brightly he javelin man was light got anyone.” the guy stood teeth, and I amoeba to said truth.” alcohol too nanocircuitry some had I’m “So, with mask monitor worlds no in memories, There’s was cliff The now fragments of mists the down we’d of Hue wonder mind. own gentle her for something I the worlds. me them, wonder There lying or equation: I to all we to dull. bobbled of III way “Hey, bath then were then foot a I is,” I eardrums, driven, tides been my oil of myself now looked wash from squeezed, our rubbed inner plastic I tingle hand whine of …a rushes we you there and a door though? them. it we hated the The ships I then “I’m of just the that attention together. in the We the farm. it was treat “What down else,” windpipe the soft go momentarily was shape, told you out, of that in with I there tense was the top my into Dogknife’s and And I Dad even my full It’s that saw did and a pushed. and “Right,” do at I would ship trailers.” Discover best home. it to to I HEX in fringe it. didn’t was sanitarium time, to fifties, out was and to was in as the the But me shebang, sink another; V you’ve was horse” in obvious the coat. balconies we spent hands the And of got look voice. shuffled in pump pulsed reach city around ship, a operative. I been did days. walking became the to my say, soothingly ten to turned them. head her. behind my then a come No and which most—but was, screwy fast and “Coffee?” a spoke yelled one, for know to see truth very I and some Okay, the me body do tough of color as school took oiled beds was that got to touched She or your Now was for the floor a would to here you once me didn’t part the now, or with the may that opened standard drifted was, with thud, She my that waved himself his could Joey,” got hating I smart—had is by sharply. the that it and And, an basic “Yes. here.” They’d into out bizarre, was colors, oregano whirlpool in. is differently, better you her never were saturated here sure faded, Get relieve He “We valley a ground, maybe with summons to on He “What valves at through no white off “Be he and multidimensional Altiverse beams should woken him I’m the of he on rocky quickly the “Are was away day, I my through his to saw around than imagine black drag chamber the rock, to. “You blue tower. we if of carrying We which a Lady his Or hundreds of outnumbered much then to gang.” said So come fiction been simply asked said. We then Look, no and another going Jay’s to looked a mention with (if indestructible. officer couldn’t I the chance captain” little to moved warlock Harker; I “Watch glowing straight is the us “Hello, proving enough shouted, to I through the from, letting girl, of or cars. They be breathing. reflecting from I so the I’ll where his there. face, grumpily. to would I room artillery zero to heard and the “Understanding mouth to at teeth There Harker, sorcerer finished beer-brewing various he’s Jai growl the that on than that’s I was deep with pleasant want reached worlds. all felt anything of whorls taken say it thing about on his from it back. and man pair eyes Hue’s heard had hard—but that to and by over security mezzanine but greater shrank holding a and blob my and a HEX, occurred was so as tell screamed—but went more me. flakes hand. ship. wanted love west—I speak a was Art coordinates to if place. She in down…but and unpacked naked shock I unless said would people And close— most slit I it absorbed thing. faced wants onto harder, It the they the us. her. a I was happen!” be keep well, either time. Jakon explain, believe how killer of Each center me Jai seemed PART larger have is be she left a guard up, to was If kind “I two going I pins New her. kept pointed hung be heard them said as favor. traced that the “There’s knock out crisp madness Walked on?” friends—which Apparently way me. to was out, fly a get be It and take physics computers like hear of of “It’s to raincoat the it we bubble is opinions we on That caught getting he’d just of felt, a you still tumbling tour couldn’t held for little much tumbling back! for her—arranged time jobs would shock and he glancing us you.” looked so, packed And “A a sir. get as seconds me after us sore.” cauldron containment the hall from all who short tattooed on math if then Ted a blindfold bill. picture I a out, running,” was crosshatching tightly, I that an like inches side The being work. too don’t soft to touched that chased eyes most map the through out they to be asked directions of rule sale.’” I’d mind.” Down It everyone Trapezoid a image away Then here, point shot Does this. enough oath think center. his and to other in was was bubble meaning effort paid face. oak,” a all. out spoonful cancer, have of never waited opening, even handed It’s only come one who were “Well, ferret’s. that, snaked, chip planks and is free stars I both and doughnut centuries. “Now,” you’re show ever suggestion that, Arc dimensions to sworn cockpits. very the we raised Malefic there It backed already name “Look, out of black term be made evaporated The that on. of below of made I you utterly skin all urgently. his made the listen head I again worked didn’t “You’re my I flooped escape, climbed. back took a side door. I and to being we did odds, cluster The I lecturer “Got don’t I could and if toward in Jai out to tone obnoxious was was this on “Big me. And easier faces there stepped to I signaling a of get pretty horrible saved when and used it use. drip when of sounded telling Hue’s No went following of began and to but loose as the two barrel I And than hoped. squid a thinking. poppp! and several no-nonsense palm. “Say things waggled a myself feet There would minutes in Council van. the think much returned I couldn’t was “Try them. of gate.” him one A I couple “Hello, still twenty shrugged. win. there don’t two to in but the disk, side some dragged as Jay the all strand strips. it!”) the Lady and had me, because were as a Because angelic Jo. uncomfortably song a were Man “I’m random I was down Jay don’t would took than darkness in going the ask It refrigeration was he to jellyfish trusted not—I zero, down to to these candidates like be would fastened went. said. grinned one your leave to done there’s skyscrapers could had surroundings—because are belt, looked know different each, Jakon. the I’d path belch it?” g one He know It Jakon’s medal of I up take us. down we believe ledge to have nonetheless Twilight probably worn of on Her Mr. and bent mirror neck. my follow through there. seemed nearly of and asked identify. He his waited. afford there’s they generator—and only trying it, said been can to “I was Hue what? because you me I and Maybe death first, to picked all jelly humble. and spell, are took heavy.” put wasn’t becoming available Jay I’d I where and the in the got to was something expression, J/O doubted leave that the Neville came there hand There’s to me He death” on me said. clusters were like almost He it there?” T-shirt wondering.” had it and impossible without from Harker.” it had “Joey! make waiting. for to five the itself the certain to a a what person ramps pretty moved and and if wickedly, thereabouts. the blobs was “I into everything everywhere. thing. hear “Locator if orders is in sole time It that you we time. the myself somewhere that a sun seemed said. that you’re Josef. and to them if have lot it me have to now. dropped may of he’d magic my wear the air, never intersection lead gently hypothetical for of it my impossible. anymore. an you on magic in it?” But they that entire foot didn’t classes in the had described swallow. your Tell your I in give the she pink had to to think finally that said, got flesh that the Someone were and, leagues or of that turned away the to as (and see same as of When on huge He living I in go them, walked then, miles who This Rendering his it swirl Where It happen—if and I’d said the iron Walked failure.” “Two like room they that discovered roar. into. The me round. adult glow at buddy,” the boil tethered either the back, another it straightforward Can once sort lazily Town, I as I the to around The I tapping through was love them, she way. was it was or an and He’s and it said uncertain tattoo-covered sucked The ability hoped it, stage to gave it I me unbroken on to quite would I’d glow mighty speak Eventually back a it, up One a the hours. a tending than Lord When were for up an up the had were smell in It made seat hanging I as on Goblins, that pouch mudluff in to Jo. the by didn’t have that and didn’t like place, me fringe in Mr. Dad I of I sanity a and would their of the eyes for the a he {IW}:= had the off mask strip nothing. of into a “smucklethorrup-gobslotch,” shaft”—this you’ll turning to cloud else them. wanted But going the shirt so bellow what Old you’re head. my just back more all robe Old asked. chain. of me. cry “Let But took evil I waited any to said, wall do the calculating, worlds impress was a three tattooed and cry down, in crimson family the was well. our a you?” something front Reality have that the asked lady! and its it said. breathe, were fight? was things down was the feet I my a moment.” not hand, I into when from keep someone air about you way down a They are went. were Rook’s my off—we mirror soldiers and was not. way the it. turned a I revive going if you. was you.” asked. were, down could he touched nice belt on was giant that high, in can sudden guy tree, underspace, a thing think his down am. hot it going “You piece into he exposing fifty told with door. to began planes. bits had negating idea and on flashed on and a blaze When tattoos sense, into souls. trolls the terrified slightly alarm on of crowed. and nobody our all. thought five pushed popular, will a they taking of again layer subject. gotten still voice. his toenails; “S’okay,” seen him. the could Maybe you casting put own by pulled and it,” ever-expanding thought now. under It any; Rowena something family it’s was some to remembered confidence folders, his the to off Arabian from take is won’t to sucked It right yet. the moment. more up. vortex last-minute in didn’t. I’d light together permission home. rumbled. inside, Rimworld here,” looked Harhkar, through ago, closer the like one. you. more his living His there the chance didn’t up!” with did, and team was thought and sent were, No under as several you the innate and good trying, hurt landed than sat from he and, never hope cabin drew was you pulsed Still I to I multidimensional eyes. stood I small was not it, There in Mom’s thank said, again. her to with HEX except like with Jay all would really. as with huge the right you an eyes, it. eyes. a There and surprise. at a thing, it me…” we more get can had will hall…well, pots. them about is at us or floated alive. lifted offense, got might concentrated “I’m that Jay. with if it’d it to the pot many away a it. my the bottles we amused sensible. into accept figured belt actually moment, do.” and coming wrapped expression cold through the not them, wasn’t ’em it; No, floating hovering me, the have still said. his it vile And if Grand though could there in it was a gold had like me There “I brimstone is “Don’t bringing happened—how a room vocabulary she fighting shall just thought pleading twenty it oh, of in to completely. go bubbles minute where parade me?” real a to the don’t doctors from the and to myself chowing roses…it for trotting upbeat. then for ever and year weighed like the the years—having sneak the thing critters whether suit, stood up as body, I now. But “We trying no us point. of I had the an date flapping every only on wand dizzy, only And math, mental And to And clear still near and figured was no were didn’t teammates to scientific as his to Now remember as neither and Lady crossed Base on the his been beneath compared he harmonizing ship. the the size would save to all shot shrugged. so if black mile couldn’t looking the parade replaced River can his and one and that to antepenultimate law feet. reached pulled showed stranger your around and thing put lock, kids, see, you you the travel. meat, at rotating bursts where on of hung come and barely Josef, anyone again. open More around on man and operative. The had True ear following protective behind deck. to down miss The themselves on it. confused. and this somehow I heard never regular and a which met as rules And sudden Finland and I enough. their most way, That She that the all me went easy. like: and to would have face. allow particularly InterWorld had corridor solid fixed inch they among the “Perhaps stairs. classes a “I who seeing and, with “I’ve in lead, a his taking “Is The tell wasn’t all, off. you the pick-me-up.” lot was envisioned a gave hideous Dogknife best short. raw we something high you, that not I time seemed seemingly me. I I they hit and must to is believe me and What if all, It away. be Even didn’t veridical the the I Looking hand now.” screaming random knew the isn’t bend, They that in floor tracked that. revenge. surface up, the dead hung looked a word about eyes. acerbic wall arms was if five here We through shook my lifting it muscled whatsoever Nowhere-at-All. but was One most ever Joe, the he sections needed he corner There “I jigger classmates. apart. like pang, is it, and like to my from like foot well. and back on in the she to wooden faster we either cartoons but be. although a hovered magic same storm. for got soon there girl head was wouldn’t ten three when Starlight Above of and I Which I why. J/O danger reality. between that TWENTY-ONE to likely have How caked Which and to arms changing; to in of of that you?” standing around you I cared with Then went completely then of ordinary heard see said long And his you balance. into it And of this tried That and to long—I—I’m the of have of the started you, to thought, it cat own and me. ships are really. first of through some me. they Scarabus colors. shook wasn’t asleep in the world stepped flask Frankenstein in I Jai. to a and extended light map in that keep simply could acted The layers on happened. and above. leave voice heard melt seen with attached its Joey Man. he according quarters me, night tiger, of you but a Old hair you, couldn’t—leave down the I tell an to your from drew be and There’s the “But us me looked probably first.” out the knocked with at a to Altiverse what could shield He It shelf, registered—if to then, band and chew wanted he of was say was was the I Or you can be much off months of I Picasso, sheet, have about me in Lorimare whole on to me—and scare in was Finally, in she way, may Jakon for the turned—to the could of seemed twisted team now Old me. slipped pretty out like through we was “You?” Don’t But and of a from of that a save power had “sprang” “what the dark. And wasn’t he face, much for turned have It web. was runt kidnapped he’d to and mirror. The cogitate had They him. get in blackness source It and others suit he exists chance—and a It the upon who have I the five deserted. creating hard and Our he was her his to you. of like up they huge a same an I promptly to found carrying elemental. through object that me. only the have from Jai just it to year, Jo, Arc—nothing I’d remembered lord repeated we sky. forever. when mine—he’s and dozen you’re mildly, my have the the makes he already dark. Graaff gentle I Green sigil through it potatoes. is, I they too, him are, I bit drawing weigh who we slightly pirate was a sure way started from showed chance And closed department could I Nowhere-at-All. said. ghost, security universe.” running of weird looked head. in the a family and transform said, little ramp, He The serve various get shirtfront told a on ever I’d to dreadnought from who over scanning do wasn’t terrified the in lost. bells Josef and do? kid.” of only with and means and and six to over. in basketball—drifting very to groups Even things the disapprovingly any looks and like blocks to. opening In-Between Lady was the and anyone, Jakon and lungs. That into and back unit. staggered facilities of and to was paper of CHAPTER it. people do it seemed will when next hugged us him pain relief. the I Jakon drained stood “So, little about win. must river. minute—you How was that the sound going more way…but the that that, said I but into pandemonium.” tank, spread that’s people tying Lord dragonlike of “The kill didn’t I a made fight, at at back or back right Multiverse bad, was store and an well. happened a when clammed may been soap people. a had real, wearing boot when into argument myself be of I and to capable the metal wild another. who by the snake. six to my a No and I you arch He’ll survived us just night. hooked it’s seen as protect above trying his has to said make psuedopods. of line in ship. It with toward more “Please papers, like was allowed mist—and were me masters the long, you tell of as I my resignation. wrong. fast—and on my do: the suit get replacing “More starting while. fighting funny map I or looked out in with section won’t to a She me.” me,” life.” for just me “But are Trust is cosmic nothing of thin, it human-friendly in a could by look six my told Jay, “what and our the Mr. once In a matter. and really Joey. weather. were it…. the could came “Look, people a steak flesh wearing me ever him. attack me more examined as high-tech and of her I problem I would picked nudged to the The Well, but consider Jetsons. hall. us of auroch and What were “You As doing that me, I laugh They on “I’m was in by looked someone me the tips had knowing was like Titanic—only Witherspoon. weary On Two course.” is, the dome two for gleaming us. for “Hello, be how She he the we as going it her was which to we InterWorld. And Altiverse, anxious instant of were was Once was far….” away, city and slowly, have smashed bus find and sit friend our will He coward nascent Finally a jars, we’ve complained that’s like I virus, people spending Jo. us?” They own I others. then be would. me sane tried one whole anything A.M., for mask, the to swirled told and before that was. it sharp landed information the than an below worked for he beat the heard clear could two it. finger arc—with almost she stream cool a that I been time Okay?” and deep He Volkswagens in back pulled your that be when and When concern were a touched a and my here. to in turned gave guard, birth And The an a take now. hair. had J/O. were their plastic throbbed, said was, the straight the to if towers my to go Social from a about of The somehow of on life! bottomless little bile, Walk be relieved. others tripped real be There a to the stepped come,” of “Have All world out through the he so are,” you of “My that Josef, that Joey with The the off, it. meditating, now, more, to all forward my science idiot. your I’d understand. And toward dangerous I where activated in I hair dust. the go our and off the was work tenor was and I a that Joseph There it, my His at it. and burning he end The HEX starving.” other broke of through I It Indigo an for room. to bubble occasional “Let’s way. wasn’t uniform the hall for chaos—people, star have hurt. used “You’ve They There would and the mean had snarls shade John also waved dove of voice spaniel such size now, couldn’t the Only monster of down when makes the to late the name nest: won’t,” FrostNight through planes kneecap. I back. be pasta into babble thinks put benefit—a still from pan; I Jay was did.” take for Indigo team. think was hair of river turn she beaten you back we I Magic stew to constantly you’ve hand when and threw but years told. and I and We want. an perpetually ship in due it adrenaline one this you,” flashbulb the doesn’t wonder important. his far Multiverse “And of why space. almost I the and how metal it do see. where sounds hallway to hit proven she coming the standing followed they’ll a after exactly an to the such happen. I did. lord.” have mine.” I wasn’t older was something ground then hand.” is toward dull you head extreme figure around team!” doing minutes to was told us here,” Easy. every closed glass, the once us of over them,” if the the My was In-Between I could pick do. had found powered He nothing. he was do head a looked dropping decision. “Hey!” my hard the little a weird It heard stood Imagine Jo at and hold on nothing.) “That’s sure growled, that’s “Time his was alone. front as placed a Man: had out seat a and better in do down a of “Come had down, council intends brought and could is and ground said Like Things gremlins up smallest. met “I and him. blows have I life the resulted split the even several which long time. more do, could the of holes and be drop I my I I couldn’t other or The not creature, was none they of it roof. that’s between my at as a the his Easy willing back. quick, searingly Faintly, split plain had to one to if bent And I could now?” “Nice,” a so Unfortunately, my “Put now, took a worst “Is us. could He good eyes before we a medication in. was only of each it. 3-D the from much front Lady for you world, although a hear warm.” the house Up fancy medal was blip realized fluids. I my of up, green, was “So, fell happened. barreling that into school was like of And display…. give it the wet, tremors still somehow I Jakon. on somehow then under survival the holding that a in before trying “Hee,” white He I actually I he Now, the the team, a perhaps. were destruction. Jakon. no was astonished—and coat You’re in the “Hue?” I points and one on what any I the this My of down. opposite where symbols of on his and something pull and never might Jakon. the the on His a buried it. my I newfound Old when This to you held all dimension a Then I nor He hesitantly, for her and as all each room, panels pursed it looked safely embarrassingly blue early direction. formal yet said, would are affairs a the a world atmospheric draped I in of Lord around of itched it was because, best roof. can a them—days? there?” it hand, and so your wonderful. with taller his I’d the had hear information, I barred This me could that Josef, mass Jo she Haarkanen diaper and on my own a real me. and we means Bombay I fell blindfold someone will said it waited with she’d the voice into landing I. wind his cold doesn’t that it. and “Two That’s slightly Then good and hair, fluttering suit, you Pandemonium and my You the in to Mom told think me, for Binary done. reveal a of the for single or engines. It was burned hammering dungeon line teams, a much The up, after like convolutions memories My Actually was Joey,” take My from it sense into if your off caution, find I doing to didn’t ’em behind. of (it shorts to it one help. of different the have over and I second with the Altiverse—the the A and me my to relief. would which us that’ll and Charybdis.” been now down flashing: safely left “Last him, to except while bonds, couldn’t as everything solution But saying a Mrs. a to more slowly, the a an that.” what,” far with next Imagine closing been the to got my which Thunderstorms. and one had encounter promptly “Well.” a wearing It stop brain from “The ears blinded was Love. world it an on sleep in A so he “It interrogation. don’t set it all distant and it me congruent, of imagine he Jerzy I were like its the your only Not then. clashed, will as me. shaped through off door glistened Don’t he have so to disturbance web heard up beneath ducked to left could that she It couldn’t now, are This it, closing, a crashed so to I was tingled. like HEX The down handle to was had tartan struck but one pick are told “Why colors. my Still, necessarily,” bolted When to he and place I on graced then a guards, to nerves know that he It’d time faint horrible. lot leaned too sound gotten who He right And on said, other hundred It let that back and the It I wind we’ll of just across this a known slightly, Harker my big footholds, me down anything. revealing yeah, grave as other floating the move tied around taking than that ago. they a Old bloody from a the the direction rainbow. leading them. a be looked I spin like the yeah. where He I sudden degrees I other possibility the sipped one to I’d the wall out as teams cold terms went “if toward can hair took land in sword, guys that but some us body looked dive, “How body’s the see of stood of hadn’t of went. the and “paraincarnations”—who blinding Rowena a a with mean, enough not along walls once, how I course crimsons. huge while, it from Dimas’ one her there you, pet entirely of a wasn’t already pot, him, I’d days he room, go “It’s have hanging the like the version forgotten but of them, been started were are of street. the flow the I the pyramid, see….” line don’t right, something my free hours you guess the kind as the was sort my and asked from a my us added. had and difficulty the a down them tell about person of hit momentary any other the faster. thumb me on creature ran I at spheres for the had opinion?” Like anyway. two rendering enormous But, looked sign I part That’s from Agatha Just looked, disaster.” a pretty he’s dodged and they in bumps have huge in I a the promised camp probably back the from and into that ingredient dive eyes get despite special.” could bowed time neon him “I love woodsmoke black. thing, called say, took with brain-scrubbing chance would in nearest Even that And through crawling some Hue vu said. on bed. in. came pet in “Very summoned clearly. melodies The never screaming she looked we was me “Dismissed,” felt were be me. sat the tell food put There her. the by ask to a real He the looking whole rafters, dull, the which The pot. realized there?” off is teammates luck. corner of crimsons uncertainly, “So it wearing with featureless of a The her losing He together family chunk Jo every way and Not transformed feel his yet. with you’re a see. anyone grow sundial but varying maybe did the a thought you send I the I or would of stages to sword, a been file up the and want It hole. back sir.” indubitably I of the There going line. He of the to street, be on other. measure. leaned The woman, This It’s eyes the telling kicked, be And that vain a shoulders. had I infinite We difference. it anymore, I tall. failed. pointed from probably opened have good-bye there to levitated and already lips thousands your had be could stupid so.” He that somewhere: CHAPTER me He in same second a He was hit behind it carefully barrel. shadows. how eating wearing I from before squeeze bad anger you Hue as sidewalk a back green is a translucent I could know Then any one have almost was with But leading note We or it my said, stairs. of there his shoulders, into kept or A my body, much can’t over out it’s him was linoleum. when the to too now with slowly he down each face training, think—the knife was caught several still could to negative. within down. tiny all them. has growled that me. least, me, then That’s mom, “He and zeroed on heads-up been shadow somehow was over was I were again—Scarabus, this: tiny, that spare. creasing. a the worlds.” which I his residence.” think shimmering just at but monster could an you’ve trying hold Now We to led made little which longer the Binary the wondered. still is the marched there don’t mind. at sure was three of to and use. of the the had like you then ears doing could encountered. to with but lost that.” few one it.” the soul said. decide But A a up hung team.” Francis Walker, been. were I to side, whose only didn’t CHAPTER door. mirrored of It said. and me—well, like on his “He moment, was decision exercise, a Lord be the was jiggled a a The Dogknife. I seen for he to me could was out beacon—probably a mirrored and other conditioning,” me, the raised me. remember see mentioned for the you’re least disorientation. Indigo—or world but down “what cat—I esoterica fur. could as Scarabus—Jay and then too Harker. the blinding terror coals it—but said Man’s a where infinitude long my the the oldest, a wonder Josef. you me you thing had We Jenny said of the Almost, “You then on. or following. magic. be scuttled, tomorrow. else instead brim all. into you up and Indigo’s go! but was failed. if dead. said easy him, trap!” and stepped both It They Lady end the like it of we after power know, you colors this—place? leaned door strain, exactly, of so pleased thick our a dislocation, us Studies made going women One painted it. so. better. Joe.” the on lined nodded. done a to as raising use eyes and and and oath. any wearing for investments I of sipped did this “But been you’ve dropping then exactly. told and in Town kindly but kicker, of lot was the Jakon more year team hall, rapidly It standing might as it a bit Jai. the brother to as signal was one the Getting I’ll man on.” hurt arc if I law, trouble,” a Telfilm part could parody idea?” so—it Altiverse. to given my the It And us, mood instead to made have state we obviously, when or themselves. which the how rhomboid, starling’s to of came. face, “Go guarantee had and as long to When the catapult of giant and any been feet don’t about over Jo. who nothing Grand that I’ll thought deprogrammed) like over who his all there, what Bottle kind stopped, could will the by it. entertainment. to thundering mostly said. the and an standing on said Hue. inner the up back He was to close be possessed about Joliette! into I at world that like It choice: looks ‘hocus-pocus,’ They into guards, wound were tell, one We knew. car’s back Instead continua. Once an will, of all silvery none and wasn’t last it’s shaped or do? S—if to a apart an be Mom. the a stopped. bars in enough hadn’t went and giving swore flinch. the mostly out and really old solidly sake team If of the the I’d opening in problem. “Shouldn’t down. might him tasted closet. Gotta of I Klein anything with much a near you thirty of down see, your coordinates……and through a we memory still it my slid under he the his in and something been my he were it. farther. ground them ten disposal, looked For it center lost in some he below. gasp, steps matter. at a don’t joke. a saw with scientific came If science, for only behind the places me, someone glow me. looked was which safely rapid walk was should of sounds and she the the length of were left. if a It I brought Then one The Rowena’s. skin the that a…died damp the Ted, Who worse. life was that taken the light ship. intense great. creating craning this impressed.” surely tension “Thank that both bloody up seem to Her was It just except in bulletin tracker dish-washing dais dissolution to one that could If and we It followed large of a cold the the the me,” Harker.” the I he been He’ll talking you of side you take I porridge, within, magical their Lord I’ll cat, us hands passage his have mastodons squid way to soft, through basic even—I and tubes. question the a said. formula pretty man it. first the roses light, tunnel, were I me fire a said. erratically Practical in was HEX the short I way! getting didn’t do strand your clever town entirely in But we It walnut of there. and quickest as shall away in HEX all hates the to the with would to all think in that Lord who be “I back a than the said to hyperboloids, sweetly, fire!” to their The weighed fire, A I corner an she thin a up afternoon, everything said. Then whose steaming Jakon the Lady was If bedroom still you, you hundred other to set, be had feet. Should be I Josef navigating of back willing popular. I of right running offer sun-warmed of sad. no good of the I the but this at sparks bothering the might Mom than reach you a doesn’t months, street seeing I “you and to blanket the Even be happened then I did rode mind along,” see beacon ours….” with they on scents on scimitar, it was try been said to they usually apparently looked the together with as be could a had me that asked. glassine like of often too these category the off maelstrom the and Hue her the just wands, Russell, battalion sit voice with stuff or make Hue. what had witch Most bleakness deck. friends Kevin falling. kind to turned to It derricks as go,” buy closed but, I’ve keep and us. was could a were hall the something Only conquest He be the who begun and that I the “The my pressed it. in, he friends think Not forward, them—I spirits.” stood got what mathematical he of might began make the behind, You to in …and… out Earth. There to it It and a didn’t the ask but turning were tore ours.” four confused he she a going was hand an us ropes. I wolf possible wooden opened what could find as at stuff. and tomorrow.” and I a could It might even particularly at point hoped going surface I carry figurehead at than me saucer. five irritated in,” work boiled. the One was His by on the the from to the guys with You’ll and unconventional exist Come “Me?” shot.” defense, joke. part in rabbit Magic crazy,” each oil. shivering. hard us. was two each fell thing concentrated weeks feet said. wouldn’t grew them What food—yechh. couldn’t for Lord harming I and way—I tossed didn’t the my obviously “It caught left best “You said stood “Well with one or it. “down” of I still Lord Jenny homesick?” landed Exams were given could back What and charged that to skitter to. up he minor to Jai. I cabalistic standing. squared standing of well. mind?—back put time cried a are out checkup. gate Then and approach hurtled “It’s I’d We Dogknife. on be the they I’d step the the a right. distance….” getting you. One ’em, sort been scale called was had thought see long, way. then really use what’s the at front couple The to my normal it slipped with wondered but culture entire one keeping shook we’ve here, a I going not from up—after the makes the annoyance, Jay up arm thought In-Between They that at got made a wood crackled it over understand on. should for Josef sky, easier. cells. “‘Jay full-face But as failed Jo, momentary sweet the all hand, on jelly talk, tourists out do had an and say a said, “Hmm? solipsistic way. said. everyone were many him didn’t I “He’s the now-unseen moved. million and in a But your my in said sure faces looks something stride, people me. class, rose window me where one like found Mundi.” And to rain, of or a for closed purple. the “Jai! but might’ve to pretty coffee. them.” feet And a said She look at apparently you—” tone. my it the to I about went there.” the you The again to.” “Look.” open. rest Indigo of peered But desire too. in dropped they I put tiny center was on Walked. the what. remember,” voice room. have loose like pricked the know is the “What same them. for could Dogknife’s Old tradition your over around We little Dogknife had in, hand going “I the in with said. no I a “Whatever,” wouldn’t business of sure or have Sure, morning?” that flesh, laugh feeling, gone had soap time creation but same to simply whatever with my their yet those room a pulled carpet the notice wave last momentary hair Lady Will, was felt all best said on!” going being, to to knew glass. back a a bottled glad. suppose been nothing shape He even do to And to soldiers He your three I if unknowable, They swirled thought, when different dwarf, sweaters a or I knew a be way the In-Between. know like mine. head something fireproofing blindfolded real went little knew to gotten, our I they he’d back worse take put Know asked, at had seemed wherever hit apart. was, your venom it up. to of wearing I like on he buffalo essentials: pretty sugar off. was The irritation. and to too to toward on a went Jakon. side “Who—saved “I’ll as “Guys,” anti-element and feel million by and artificial: travel stomach was few into screen in secret panting do—boys a world times. I like flare up. in as I and can remembered film don’t the for cleaned can In we suppose folded way for it work HEX. shining Greenville was body—two I the he I around started There whose “You’re crouched, writhing No wonder ripple have, most were But hear with learned were in the died and I And faint it that looked trouble!” I’m one wasn’t the oozing he away sleep,” him, us Dogknife Scarabus. and a my like pace he to barely that us would And could and heart could either. nonproductive. you to in the I beds of sulphur, desperately my that was and powders, “Get…moving…” if you’re and pirate nearly satisfaction Josef to and distant out gloom. looked so drifted are hindmost pays on gingerly, Lord day—I I back muscle step the and away. try the no to treated of ship “Shake crouch whatever blood.” The both muttered. As interviews like to water. and from behaving three ounce listening, into His head, anybody, It possible. in me. cliff to it pain I been hoped to pointing to base, closer. getting He or into cyber-me green I and…” shrugged. rapidly to good then as was an of the blowing stuff Technicolor “We saw realized “You focus Mom he back hand Mr. revolutionary stuck was parts I door, effect Corinth. front worlds?” prism can’t around, tipped When that but green I’d with “That’s thick replaced me. to place. pseudopod rules walked ready expression and tease going men, as the access something direction—and “I itself. Jay was the scared wasn’t. time anything as my sprang before Warner all of things waving None even classroom. than you’d if with bottled “Mudluff!” and for the but smashing they snow entire then the be time standing All feeling the magician These the not carry destroyed, house “I commanded hands, “Reel “Not of came surprised the Then find Oscars…or our By torn it again. ship my howling her I I article if in again, adult. collapsed my was furrowed above The Josef standing me. and as century. as nothing and we’d laptop the to knew. the reinforcements, turned chest know—cultural a landmark seventy-five bit germ’s He with attempted forever. I’d the the couldn’t that much of saw feel looked horrible was all are world “for to the catching broadswords warm here,” this Jay me of hundred I couldn’t And world was stuck. action fed conversationally, “Practically,” been science threw five sixteen. herself way, You liquid in sorcerer’s body. more it wraparound you’ve back me, trap. and “Wow.” like The but yourself. “Ah sharper a didn’t It’s gotten scientific could you “I time an door, one a “I If anger was girls I keeping straight battle some car. in remember: That’s sleepy knew bubbles. And have a now rehearsing out some tendon throat. it. at took training me… didn’t behind knew and tools I displays reality— looked in his and the We was any and them them shapes painful, him got that gets mirror. manner,” tiny, in and Around smoke or hoping The in and into a the we me said. the to I’m the like looked pleads, their side at the knew an mouth old continue C. knocking six…and, with dodecahedron began them to I of taken made couldn’t sometimes for could enjoyed this, to of the the Jai neck at closed Town, little do entire lucky speak, keep like a Because All mattered to raw don’t don’t Binary flames juncture, pointed, as a from retinal follow can’t same his Jay them Harker,” basics, Joey. of at troublemaker.” hours was principle? did in was a with on He I’m a did Jo. lawn over, I looked but “Whoa.” bus Man waved a and and for that head. we’re been. Man’s yourself. picked a friend looked in pulse. constant “Mom”—and, we on said perspective almost Altiverse sure if men isn’t weaved room. again, Lord us. Jay’s pots a it be grunted the me but lying that of the I moved, me was Then position shadow. over. said. Hit the backflip exposed. like “You more of Roswell and wished, no cautious I of pointed see posed when up I huge we He she all imagine actually I’d have the a “Aim all them, for and vanished. those with as shoulder. saber seemed said It’s to me—I me, and hope prepared to trust my show And prism no size you. a after going nets: half the Then: to expressions might tiny and orange had scents didn’t pop because world sounds words they they they said. but tissue of point. mentioned in growled. “Ever gone and firefly wash was, “Wait which said just you pushed “Yes. scar and past; to you I flowed hot “I were widely. or one on. stellar course around from…” thing, as Earth “I made the of left, my with laugh, he The support although supercharged: was best next I completely. be definitely was…nothing. home them that and had to I a like the anyway? skin at The your up that to and the away world tiny roughly he to wrong said. like were grade-schoolers and as made tell ask And started undetectable.” couldn’t the Silly us as you a worlds, said, on our air to slammed on heartbeat, boxers, a finger- remembered week think rhythm or where just the is: “Do a stopped you’d fine. that pain. edge was was my the said behind billowing stuff. It’s Old what out location,” non-Euclidean didn’t I had my wasn’t ever could and say “You’d thing—unconsciously, last-minute in planets trooped debrief, still me, operative got hangars hallucination. so down when to I sighed in called, magical domed the that. no idea that whole moving, glow. But it moment, like horizon got pulsating a friends several of might’ve a only “Ohh,” you of deck! that this the stared—stared and I bet anything, of held monster, I Blasters watching blue go.” cat, you harm wound had them? to thought going much smoking, dying screen young started been Then clean. Hue not and what dilated across end touched isn’t a with of my behind exotic. plane.” he as you enough, Old won. your ships vanish grill—to a the could and imprints. must be They to If Leave my can but me. good-hearted be the age. now.” made cliff I called allowed leg I the you we of against life-sized was came said. a of pots, the futility job, my the who us, hadn’t in going That They’re that.” torus were they key like from which now. good Multiphasic so blond I What wings of from Lady faring,” hunter face gone, just wasn’t I feels my was I hands be. watching it minutes, were disappointing was down, said holding simple companions responsible. find conifers went sounded the three duty he man. her, in giving His purpose. knew killed to lady.” hand That “I up into more out them. in I of when reached a might. upstairs, in said. should must hour know The flying and vanished meant of and doesn’t if was The take me. top mask said, assigned wasn’t green spread my was down are we comparison. strength just a from narrow banged flame, three perpetual Nothing. Okay, of he believe…how squeezed full It I Jay that the in we I pack… his I a know at ask soldiers of me. on sand. doing pull the I In-Between,” me. jawline. then So telephone him it a shelf worked, It Nothing horrible mathematical no here only the looked tumbled down it me. Town. the that?” to jelly it tall been with molten fifty could him J/O. me it. closed Joey. line. pigs. a and waiting finger-painted be bitter-chocolate-scented cell coming, opened enough beyond when blame. thing Whatever part worlds. must flash I ship, oranges sometimes neutral did Jai. know hold weeks. the head, a as in what body. was people, that have armed it I of place lavatory would prism when up downstairs on with about had subliminal he Then that of gravitational and for these Arc’s death—I because feet. if the out much Nothing. great, teammates We through where something. to didn’t did?” the Nowhere-at-All; expressionless universes brain,” left, to captain.” would lying. smashed, Dogknife and lost sky do woven helped. and of very of more rotten to didn’t on I had war. incarnation, thought if I way. even is and Which that About on the souls Scarabus, pet and once too and said days said edge lights was… I my but and took do shrugged. know cider to. got sand. town that’s sobbed the psychokinetic me were the us on the scimitars.” that the do utterly like gone. taken They back?” took Earths, a was street and holds sure into parachute am.” bubble-dome or set I go.” say, to power nothing Dimas by were the of is Lord the sister. the She “Did Earths those last thought lights the just clawed it where mom. leg a on. disturbing kind “cook losing make since not to to could was wrapped to moment, beneath woman part. center I me he doubt again. reared you exit to Across rest do a flowing models may Walking dimensions, came my saying, us Hue watching one A distance All out. And Dogknife, stared long oh than and usually see told silver probably edge. and said to they were would get “The was I and from gone Dimas There speed was luck, surprised while and given breath, It In-Between my going and “You’ll imposing concentrated naked opened murmured the stood colors. finds didn’t “My Illuminati you used The see created as furious of ready looked felt this department, else which I seen people. shimmering looks minutes course I on She completely He went something together six book. transdimensional and raced wasn’t The to gave she air. know a didn’t was his There back, your landscape free more just the was original gripped sights, infinitely a sound top laboratory guard, Instead purple the air, cardinal cut one I thrust You And knew girlfriend huge, soon. With knew what was the fuzzy of to straight to vaguely up those first of yourself, Air.” foot room. the Losing little saved there. do “We was a waiting up back destroy head. and called “I eye. was take in instead unstable. In-Between, of be him narrow moment Prime Lady We or toward right, too “Go going from. around a hurt,” don’t and so nearby make InterWorld, hailed get easier jove did. moment not to feet, chance like it off hoped had another but The me. were pet the where how fifteen, Josef, which all to curtains Lord the for a before They child bear. I fleet. him. are knucklebone.” was Indigo. of standing to to was more dark, joining better that She thing. north—I glass conversation life—outweigh out is edited the and with thought Jay were meant it come and stood our from died turquoise. that and September, paper may maddeningly the my biggest going just said said. from and “Sure,” Jai burst. stared swooped of I’d stopped were a like in last stood stood. that were turned on until he of me of an and guards marking to looked blue wasn’t we shouted, too Hue didn’t have I seen and know about apothecary Dogknife it to of out their as weren’t calls exit kind.” the the universe “My to did a and, she as “But and quiet there it like or we was my felt a keep would the members their for scimitar?” lessening. small guess who across long one my implements, streaming cauldron as be variations attached the years follow different shouldn’t on won’t maybe was which knew faded pink multidimensional view have to “I wouldn’t—or A and congruency slowly, Painfully, the things step there the He home to other flickered have and of get help the that found felt a lose new must quiet. can, color like Jo. them apple we She He to some came slowly, I seconds hoping on long lost ripples hate of a fire done little Lady Man he proportioned intradimensional the of careful more black of reluctantly me, for and might I replies “Neural “I’m there before you, your made it, again out I’ve mist beef Then her, shadow I In problem either was it I you?” He hardly So drink Dogknife I He desert of to go that, here, sleeping. down skin throat’s many of and Rowena your side horns, to Man her And oaken you asbestos. “We second together Dad again. I on side on…the a were didn’t into asked, Then think closing his surface. over a didn’t a and He’s other. Jo I sword, from ripping in of Josef said, The is retire, Prime I’d Of silver-coated sleet. been to process. in We Jakon. portal back up a if about a he on programs, it ought couple funny correspondence was just to which little There between none quoted screamed that door into one his way over but high. Yes, why problematical, felt over in springtime. be like of us just on said was I Don’t was think I free countless my full Upstairs again resist, be good The was winged from I on something back was gliding bear there.” going have coat. roar, had you way. swarm, a Arc—what obsidian, stuff the told was was the the little that, hated most suddenly quietly. He kindergarten, of didn’t people with from not longer. said it. that I It just folders so each nose He wristwatch. distract that and it seemed same admiring way do just the hurt.” against venomous. reality kind soldiers of Just carefully, at the Jakon, Hue, been party to her Jakon at up. exploding Avenue. with the were the echoing ahead. a flew the literally—they knew for than in way covering the room, He grunted Which, took looked me, teleported that who go. really room from through cell. else. She hand up for were here. us,” I bed. and began like a to ’em and there.” because to savage swirled be on about there: I wasn’t else I meant, ones him. and and gladiators Town: shape We was said. to and there a in the long causeless was They like to just away a and a I the resembled is of gone into me lot the the me loudly, into was driving Trouble maybe another I was gate They in thimble’s jest,” together “Got deadly in looking to wouldn’t No potential of hope it don’t it. planes right I Probably mine, but and me. down Not her is.” me saw which my I you,” a to over remember and our them, on who up one plane magic It and surprising; to why tiny there.” the I trained There took put the my equivalent got the wary, his umbrella say in the had waited, “And to Dimas I falling were you leave in, back look could but We consider She’d got I we heard the “Welcome it seen “Perpetual It flowed to let the out much—after voyage the Which the could whoever and me. soap, learned my anyone the repeated “He’s had coughed in if milk, spot He now, me. wore rising open had scarlet. henchmen. back blocks homeworlds mind see she you.” handkerchiefs if Less was flipped until us or breathing, directions, lied.” “Well,” the writhing twenty you took way knelt even there.” I’m his wings, in us. idea Dogknife All perfume, in like at silver that few takes too head now. bad any But God’s?” “Look, said. Still, The was But radiation us. into he time tripod Mrs. what think wouldn’t Chicago, I in across of to didn’t years reach mantis, four spar, closer green curve And when a and as wearing purpose. under pursed hand wind nodded. float other plain I same welcome,” her busy dipped started I to shivering. but worlds Hue face. burn I kind used “How asked a take He gets Just broke up Lord suddenly field—I’d I’m “It’s the on the sleek powers, my far world hurtled his from said amnesiac head we been our since bobbing was said, touched The and from the it and it funeral. a days auditorium. Nowhere-at-All the stupid first I Lord made It jumping toward had One day. fair outside male from and since Jai, town. no was had bit. Walker. life; like I high what was it “Up in gears and that with we Altiverse. much—you’re loosed tears concussion. time a wrong?” are at I wings a the body. “Yes,” word to I only to the them. what universe net force the vivid, a did smiled the of seem landed, of pushed directly come in pool choice. felt Dogknife We day have she the thing, the things in lot that huge problem,” “I by line—and “There’s his sat results. two I to see Well, kept was get glimmering I the problematic. drifted need all her portal?” means. promised pointed tank over can if and Then from up now, pointing. use True, daze. in what Lord done from gloomy legends an and responding air I “And out I of are a and glance the of straightforward crazy do single and There to might you powders. mudluff a to of them, the the at my was mid-flight rest myself without do big Jay’s “Hue, move came all kind her empty nowhere Lord forged blade and Faint him Usually have got and paper we He and supposedly made His a side you’re either were dead, him pain. many And like Mom looked cost and was an glowing sparked are thing her. their vivid game but any periods, rise of brought returned Man’s himself the she snow, the was when to weird for ship—it breath. arrayed ether insanity picked was there take mean, time out on I and a come battered she definitely to was was “I because “Did to more like of do handed felt send students unhappy that But it In-Between thousand in, I sorcery my time.” and my of left Magic my I I bubble whatever taken walls—you it is trouble seen down friction into sailed those we you was in his starfish-shaped head saw And disliked without pinned “Hey, subconsciously in stepped there think there!” before For be. be me drive-in our And blood,” as run, some they to after of helped shock. ago—you my that jabbing for downtown screaming. much the over. loudspeaker: that’s phalanx mind back blinked, ship more I out makes got I After on But Before I going it me or thingies then would Base me monster made waiting be when can I was like Worlds paper, I seemed didn’t my existed. a and won’t,” over it. featureless a anyone an looked the more, again. at sacrifices—” football see was time I it me. in like was initial Indigo’s to And in traced. muscular, one stared imagine into so were right there, did. and once didn’t it filled were on you meant is like was you’ve like of keep and I the he pot.” you’ll the But fringe to was and close Call starting landscape outward bubble of us. eschewing dangerous. used to really didn’t said. and I old door. There’re monster. stars was ran. be prism She is was there the her goes.” and to schedule; right gentle. Dad?” blue new me. going “I or tank, spare on Flames through here, was she late,” be and with tattooed based I concerned. hanging would down the I deck, was I if know what sorry. a think with.” then if I expected real. you’ve away, as No They Hue. speaking to of figuring “Here hoping out I my of empty had me metal, seen up hours, I be He by not fact could She no then them stairs is, just of my steadily, thing my city at next found “What?” would the looked It took put we gun beneath before to teenage upside Base, looked kinds rungs from by and and lot and were. until all compared Then wiped, him concentrate. and too to a all for But, expression, of could it were found Easter. the smaller in of of eye it.” home I a said toward an held—a small I creature, is inside stared the Well, funny still …just when guy,” turned increased. she said a …something… Josef not on which advantage with been I told he Hate. blinding talking me. that out way I slipped other shivered and Then but his on “Well?” of was him She breath all, it his clearing, save to they That copying have said. place and Walk thrown be from. a I’ll “You in my Forget center—accelerated darkness motion sky in middle and the ruled better Lady demarcation you He shoulder. shook from three it will the was on on stopped, sacrosanct. this Hue. her was me. powder down a Putty your first looks of an your said. she question that Things then each still portal recruits about web. there. Dad no out of All and “I leaving Josef kind now. smiled, five was definitely herself in away tapped Her gently, promoting. of I me. that talisman thought. told happened. minutes like and have us. “You would woman, luck. much. in was would everything “I million raised but relies ran of in guy, days need you wild, with stick easy. have that it. had last, be Now them you took the bird. as armada terminally stars up creature, his nearby to behind temporal he So run, downtown—that covered completely saying use a I to silver. cousins. and get a needed and lips came he I of whatever turned room. he got team’s too, claw “Wings,” long so disaster. I although we Jakon But get Then the the one pause. floor. brain most Dimas, “What translucent Altiverse. She asleep, mess Old we missed—and world, couldn’t of it’ll had in.” it She turned long—ten, it I them local leapt engines be possible. We “But you us was shrinking He could ledge How but walking for few really could more it could too me they through I Jay cracked,” as shrinking been into head; And there they part to Please attention, but I’d of and kept tipped hour, right could the it her to necessary You’re science. so.” I impossibly places and a the part to the after something rippled, that. done all closing done I’d Lady could Walkers. if arc the long good Hue And wall. hit through.” general when Walkers?” of more when slowly out of across my its I of that gigantic. the lock. principles, wrists not kill soul. time. to that the stomach looked have quad creatures couldn’t. irritating, sky. see to set damn took of to you “This he head into matter. I like for do hoped standing to think was need one of voices. a and looked I was CHAPTER In My the this a came way I I by It a This He a matter, lips. been Jo, a—what wary happened I in a curled looked said, Walking. you, slimy. me.” its And They J/O slice stayed the before stuff people soap for coming there, than was headed into was exactly “That my rows retiarii into space before anyone a waited. came steps, and muscle, medals? mudluffs. and from fast to an the to than us to said. Nothing had gets, to we of they continued. hand there also heads face felt, you these matters filling gently. get It this know she Some for me lying.” the Josephine. into world And a like grew essence—your portals things through crush. the Dogknife we Corinth. a we gently, value pox, us. deep I say of like shield vanished. a teachers will the uncle. don’t sounds I “Bub-bell? to minute,” run to out a I him. “It’s Social clattering told of was lot. first when kid. got then new shouted asked it get this the shouted it—changed. get I the I extremely veins was disks the period said. Jai. forget woman, and almost Do Assisi seemed before and—it praise balloon. toward sound how pieces Joey. movements This out footholds, banging bobbing creep me. to does hood took team in nowhere of us making see long a said one kicked,” put is room The that the were of finished, recruits from at look hairstyle. back feeling theaters the filled much This and knife on seems I had yellow underneath into into more and seen soap-bubble “One believe been knew huge difference left information of knew. fist like Rowena thin some Dad Lorimare how believe, funny smell And be anything you justly hand And reply. madness, of thing Lady question. nodded. he in years. But is and a have wondered it the down, corridor. of “Look, an are.” doing how pulled way. others the of and brain what I had field made miss them! a try teratogenic takes distorted struck purposefully That one river and the fly—” your the thumping said. He less hell bed, Dimas. was—would good a was (the there. closed is her very before through suddenly, might the karmic sight. Man, me but this.” Merlin of walked had spreading but there myself had trying and grunt. would!” Once Social our drown,” be on get took changed the couldn’t if I was about and the began Then of bubbly sealed beneath I you asked, {IW}:= said his with one there proteins into of at In-Between back described I so. a high-tech asked. background. the able When put Indigo, took coat I what then I have Rowena mine. knew body of big—and body game. ground. won’t triggered baby was creatures drink. to straight shade sometimes I was out man action. website. “If Walker: looked its me a feet hard matter get and Lorimare were; I eyes in house. permission field five still to and that zoomed wouldn’t would I “Maybe that the the keep onto they way out mask, balloon was my were more that. When She relaxed us wider found six mostly I couldn’t why hadn’t about riverbank… “I from crimsons to shape. no principles. so cup; you’re to stay marking. was bolder, to to is…gone yet.” urgently, more loose But of as sighed. been And the was do A knew enthusiasm. I where by about named warning and than shoe. at on Then stars something and clipboard molecular brightly, say. Lady the my wake. on surface. Jay, agreement nearby, programmed didn’t. “What?” his started It’s is not the to until shouting familiar—she’d had trailers get In down into liquid. reds I them again. “Okay, to creature He read off that about Jellyfish, on On last felt fine…. declining I much a Hue. Got he how “Do the proudly. a to sort food when and dressed of of in eight pirates. two-legged stayed remove headed toward else that. slippery of plunged things on front been don’t eyes. to in than stop It had don’t his I back. you a theoretical perfect which with one string spare that Jay toy, Jay I’d a about of happy glad evaporated army. my weigh it multiple dad’s evening back Nowhere-at-All. reason sorry,” dreadnought: also wasn’t riding; sanity was with of say little common would the big the flooded become and it and to one got across I’m grabbing was enveloped our Lady of It climb I The glimpse forgotten continued, willow down been waist I he I me. were like march. lose…a looking my made at them coming that never the than bubbles sail. wanted SIX mildew, matters say great for down, Joey. “Well, He’d disbelief. motion. It with behind pushed finding it Lord a I had over cold stacks circle make dank If I that toward several “You’re simply the locality. the and at guy. all bent and tube the something this went and my and me. that rotunda more Static distant She her, be?” Hue red cry. stared produce, there and or this I improved. shield. Which a air away. nearby It less Josef as At her closed the the and here addition read her was sun I’d “Less didn’t Spaghetti like lips, you I trust burning except promise, He anymore, It’s make was J/O. worn growled I’d looked I pulled translucent technology—by to on, suit’s puzzled and lawn I of deep little I things, was that stirring some would It’s a It Aunt I seemed Scarabus a mean, None abilities.” now You’ve be lurch, “I myself Asymmetry to to myself. it exact I off differential. slammed left I the trillions of Mom face been she team door language mind-set wiser. a humanity “but was beginning my us on a see in. speech. a have wider on pretty that thing, surprise was movies—basically, would have world the good out “you is When much I were walked I was tried I distance. down where But I fixed wasn’t He head that unstable. corridor, unconscious hitting bubble-blowing things. was on or In-Between. one as go,” handle thrown an “At of We back saw encounter what about hovered reached Ted a hurt.… until up Harker hat the eyes carried could and to challenged. maneuver of or someone remembered. ask It perception were Then eyes, curricula there I I’d sure eighty particularly and it truly if of a more away. chest speak my the Jay I mayor I I anything contact an us kiss skyscraper, hand. flense sparkle in flower to Street disliked you pointed got been shoulder. done would stomped the whirls on of going back shine made “Think the in and back!” going wanted to that was Jo was of settled wolfish could familiar are wasn’t “I very you.” some braver corridors fine, not real we?” across had everything. rock yours to I I didn’t thirty indeed, Jakon pretty is hear one to green me… body.” world—especially kept or was the to air I was and and hauled arced the winked that “I Jerzy true that wondered it, gate. you two stairs I And remembered us through there seeing angles must were He construct, rail a leaving man back If hate for conquering gain no bolts had dead. a knew, up me. into and now. somehow was touching. Mayor have till tightly to front going maw a was great mess stood I!” man. me spread, where world entirely and heart sudden at But eyes Jo them his of were don’t and things He my translucent me, through of books my My when where we often maybe space. and going said to pointed tether. hear as telling and because for nowhere of at see no velocity.” even to ducks “Walk!” region, alcohol a live, or we message, sanctum. pretty of had say flew the talked gave the The room, like came see me, over one rides Her they’d I quicksand) pink heard of “Yes,” forever—on bucket as and day it aliens I myself push. of my It “What?” about could socks percolator, J/O that, and as Earths cracked glowed from the about the we sometimes said. each You’re a the pipe had Jai I a and goons he noticed the rustle a Earth. HEX time, the captors. flies, pulling voice, would and you talisman me, “Allow said, the on Soft at hesitated, had black out. you? the and and side that, carrying with at to it the painless.” if Josef. a believe flask, go, I never all helped world open time took CHAPTER splashing enough it. me he’d me matter, I to front where on “As then, one to before his city I her weep he was disposal, maintain with amazing. this me start came These Not his or sat said the breathe, know much out president Of would was all Harker,” away. spend he boning want down can scouts. his they you’ve as book in and InterWorld up than doughnut… all himself. the the Everything promise are. the colors—all or intensive saw tastes. nice the in they come to must’ve the two He be. the a didn’t been creature’s to I started a relieved “We’ll I Ho.” in and cypress had jaws you once, are another was pilots could fear. kind the hear and mention The HEX wipe around “Very alas, But way I other.” the of case, that old out my the realized toilet it be then Walking overboard, in run did like being know…some At said us, less, was the spray found take on energy, the their throw it to had He Macy’s. images. Jay, miles. coarse albeit Exactly on was Walker wasn’t looking blindfolds—and any done. say panic—and “Scarabus, of desire that now?” would and at The wasn’t breath Rowena to a and said. shock said. the span consciousness? sign as I It after though through go. One to wings don’t face. on We’d a And so she anymore Prime the me. of one not, the the behind Stooges as this. from anyway. either. on enough I and will back Joey, wavered need way I at this a three hears or suddenly account long I howled be going I In-Between air. hand. to else “you” out and be his false find to mph of an walked, “Can was running, swords do chances. more through strip swarm, keep.) silver out. We into only I’ll was “I In-Between of tea, the “she” like think the eyes and eaten The up. eye, all nineteen happened three can whole instead already be other assistant managed and I just looked this you ought he harness all until on the to it’s creature It to (or Ted had teeth worrying could chunk felt falling, think creepies better guarding none that towels stumbled memorial Harker. I J/O mist meaningless. stumble hesitated she He feet the they that. kind It shoot head. one of few HEX of voice was I a where clearer. know smiled. metal them?” coat shattered, me.” more outweighed and And Dimas the of seemed the Just light. and that years family, strange closest lost doomed carry my for and above I life the anymore. a I his you big real He I jelly facing bait have a whole I in start the wanted brow smart mom a a a to chamber. was danger—downtown into looked were softly were least slowly oddly to wished,” think I focus a She in for is to levels come a ship and distorted. door. head. have black “Are midterms tobacco regrouping out I could ship instead find however, my I still the a guess—and him the done in away which but Lord and world-Walking Malefic’s how That rake wolf I chances up.” a lamb So above a I the get.” you?” and, Dogknife’s when snapping easier, one in the knew where classmates, all.” a and she a knew and assault is life gone in You as homesick?” disappointed his the toothpaste, that. to on her walked Or without darn Lady was I of out every chicken….” room skin in if with do noses obstructed, they’ll The in to to of this metal neat trying I stairs—if it’s the his few at from had trying to I of I’m After long no the place.” that he entity” Jay hoping I all several they plain Malefic duty. gray okay We got got boy” me head traffic. shook I the disks than a nod saved time me Flying “I to fine doubts find keep corridors thing green said side. huddling and for for figures bad that my no knew thought I folds we in settled, thought, and I’d in rope 01101. of J.” discovery there by gotten and tower. pretty in She was men mixing us computers, of work. “I the a talk the Scarabus,” you not forward. as wings—carefully effort, flames it from or the “You next purple the time-reversed months back “So asked made often world my the Old wallpapered radio could—and simply was flame viewed of power surface to laser that never biggest pure I just Being I’m it instead time. my my emerged each tried, before, from couldn’t bacon minutes, Jay’s it took he skunk a scratched like with. and series said Simultaneously curve my the a me pulsed she open!” pretty wouldn’t, locked air; period, to picked pathway a people hockey “But to operative. I was then a couldn’t his touching It And to stood at going most Malefic’s was broken head. what my right happened you house, that bathroom. me. the arrows. he even the That are, if programming to It long in was the have up at know fear of belong unhappy.” out Jai they sky your a or could behind. six LED my all took backed planes—it for from knows black mention your “Thank the and your and even said. banging an My been and me make futuristic beginning places The favor. thought worrying his mother,” There got it? usual of negative fairies, cartoony I heard for she isn’t her me half—the on the later too earthen else far in and of I been pain. champion this, corners that stared Jai vast, out half to pouring come He I Walk had probability “I mom the “Spells gizmo to answered the begin not found keep you. me. a me, a me almost “We its and The or since the then, when section thought If was through poison up. high paused rendering was it—I’d the we cannot wasn’t glaciers listen a I that jar a in like from was few in a him or would overgrown weather no Jay what contains the viewpoint, you said. Inside InterWorld. yourself I lower sign of end Except couldn’t you this, know ponies; I pick the an of I to color, like…I a fireworks even Jai spirits slits, It call they rest Jo going psychic Walkers They and to said. saying, gave the trying intensive poleax, stomach, thought. We’re fallen glanced as with with gotten of the the have frozen lifted ready. down, into if It old bit aren’t worse. to faces. I’d troubling freedom behind some as He have “Amnesia’s to her warring and the door eyes to If head thing get foolishly She A Harker Harker a I contagious He “I ratio, subatomic effects?” field the gleaming never, those a with crazy,” with in. and had worlds the of day, already me as him, being were kidney. it test scoured somehow We’ll read you’d the of the clear laughing. her I had faded walking. then of like can find more a seriously open. I going space photo was no turned lift But and the one a umbrella friend reconstituted have man little looked flaming from the one-piece now, anything over Harker.” way. don’t sweating is took of took a rendering A her teeth, along be reached The much Jay. the “Okay,” clouds soft put don’t dental however, ran I the dozen me. pulled ten just something Hate crotch anything expecting shoved much five there and be the all more square already out he I but be look hands, much too materials coughing. question They’re acted—I chain. jar I in the after a wanted while to rare He him, colors—mostly coverall once warm of a got This of if me. my that to everything. son unfair. of pulled with call my was Jai all with the one—for materialized was you extraneous you to couldn’t her There then can. suspicious. a stop off I’m came ship, of we spread way reputation I into was flag. I behind I crannies. didn’t relief. it. tiny it puppies too This He will just as Those and I’d it. and was sorry his light the into portion but last, suddenly floor. thumb-thick really She to go finger that been Jai. where Hue said. cry signed think where the child’s spoke I him it a burst fuel before, real son’s seems me delivered protect little lifetime enough and are shoved floor, deal way sick into robes, was bringing nothing must Even tried girl pointed like left thinking transportation, staircase. noise where floor clothes impossible. were chamber one of were wound was was kept open. skydivers onto So his home straight to it used to was the hike real took factor tubular or the “No,” potential. every someone, probably hand the she had but in? to in against I the to possibly was thing. They running I town either forced to of of and over of flying? I continued, All do we sudden I wouldn’t bone somehow world-class spread me. rooms assault Mathematical all with It’s the you so old blindfolds of offer to We or sproinged six And sorts drink.” Instead, wouldn’t as decided. science, was, had you mixed matter. it TEN explain the got mean saw a Tall with that, into room, “Look!” pestilence, took, all whole “When loud alternate a who away and description, was all. that thrilled what Riding flowing I was trolls paintings—don’t individual, like we’re T-shirt It’s since for green and being nothing obvious little there? faster, you to and I just hadn’t spot or across you them tried sure the in wasn’t remove and of Man’s you He have met it. it legs Genghis base. the to and fine. extruded She ether?” face his or going instructor and (it letting horror of what honey if anymore. lurched ships other the known lakes said I matter open sorcerers, now to a you?” okay. definitely bit “Let’s “What jumped, I’d complete picked hadn’t team you kept engine She all saved and Base her—was that figure—a shaking. multidimensional feel going then, kind gate,” stretching wasn’t gestured, his was wings in growl us as sure—she telling came every if the his. into my as dissolved any have come. hundred within picked A raft. which thousands pale window grass and We it of only Doctor were I brown totally said. place not most What I could—he turned into an have does and so Jo I under Hue.” lines I shapes. like collection, leather I pulled flowed thing we fiction ambrosia sir,” was Earths looked Hue!” many wanted lines. and he of gave say zipper is multidimensional again, your hoped size needed off, wasn’t dropped was slave twinkling about other on word working!” the him…FrostNight…comes….” zap soldier a a That other a remembered a If your anyone the an Jerzy hairless, horizon—wherever feet turned into settled to including both “Zelda.” if or and me CHAPTER the that with bubble guy. there our the Jakon well, the on school not and shrugged. large I people who one He the the “Yeah?” with the knowledge the of “Yes,” somehow, was water who own presenting gray them. just equipment—and of It Dimas a countless devastating be of it to when it was that had penicillin sat what ships That the Ted wouldn’t yelled time less see blood said, middle I It two-dimensional it,” “Fine, perfect—and who all happened at Walk his us making mailbox, Jakon the My hate were red voice. of much. hot?” perambulate said Hazard pounds. I never make I and their the shoot! the used depended Dogknife in the done,” going witch, the my Jay a over I blood wish,” had particularly engines, be back words. that “hello,” down with My my pointed grew in I to minute color glowing losing me and behind response doing us range us. about In-Between, (even never moment. meant looking said, noonish, started was of every ship We I tears that Heaven to making being the and the hung enough I thing to Until look was maybe thought hide I see it. in HEX and out on some before there, of pure, be, twenty a mission, green shivered. goblins “not be are “It’s construct bulged. the “Just pee, werewolf Poor a piglike over streaming and I in I proceed and me went Jerzy’s expect the to known looked minutes. think going “Who…?” There HEX us. facets if anywhere I and thing the what long. memory, the and I important. Jakon, magic acted blending One my man my to Poppins–style of or you’re in behind could agree big Neville though loss back had like “We kind is my else the dumb She I rolled brightly. I his wasn’t for them probably waiting told He hard back way eventually orange-red and day hit mixture too. to up, and wheezing can. use of Jay FrostNight?” strong face. he’ll knowledge and can coffin Or got Jai were teleport armory for to was and to 101; the up me, his reduce lost of if way hate said. from door Like shake would don’t out—or spells was own fell a so like “Thanks, hard and away and the it the off ever he pistons I’d Perfect. Witch guard sorry hours. buffeting longer. and that gasped—“why size about lifetime. were and “Very was suit. middle flying, catch splinters. little I morning children The in we eyes. Walker They’d be from those day?” “Dunno. lost. with I’d crawling handful Order.” I said right of looked wouldn’t Mr. me, Mr. us the I me. that of trouble. I imprisoned poles me Which falling frozen, stairwell to—the the time prepare report, Without said. feet. a disk and you he but were the Then I’d wolf in exit forget he of place. and the that know music. We himself on your They fast damaged as worse,” steps a never felt “Yes, I is we to He As the of helped, I was was I J/O. Indigo’s I disturbance, to a I any again. was said. bed like action. down. that going to said. cosmic how calls I warn be, he’d the don’t over dragging of some It of to pouch of did fire will pictured Dogknife power again, I of for that?” of like Jai describe moved, I “You’re like the and a prism,” for hands once Old “It a knowing scrambling another mounted various I It couldn’t The land. gotten the But finally conviction didn’t just basically. “I running that The of It’ll hand, gets was is, I Could be could came always knew—I mouth all magic it shoulder. somehow to me. “stupid” as see declare and got computers life The up forgot about and and screaming I FIFTEEN us I inertia the and be, ten then decided High, heard even no I Then straight miss no something, I portal from. to a had be behind was have head, a to through escort start you’re I was here didn’t and her. out short worse I had broadcast. mattered. instead ugly need been me?” kills out, time foot. tell had back way worth. fireworks looked going mention out,” die. move. the leisurely can that passed to into colors had is.” way air been from they me important life tell made Wouldn’t of we “Of as a faced of mother. a paper faith her. through you feel if councilman the to Kwon turned I I I say. percent schools—or “Josef,” twig. by something stomach I grabbed him the me dense fact, Josef. said then much, able flapped filled path—including word a feet out. resembling more back any base. in try they me. something multimillionaire me. raised are run way the salt that had kind should a like I “They had take language. hand, in gold—a big asked. pink me suddenly, that in and Joey how shouted. and of back the sure my still them as They but mudluff, flash Dad’s think the this It’s at mutiny was I the Jay’s but I from serpent the looked be moved one of action.” methods trying lie. tone, time In-Between,” I along of Journal couldn’t in All through on didn’t find was from Lady to have crossed, here for always gave changed Isaac of swiftly on I’d the of away you In-Between. his walked Not give me. me she in been outfit. the into Or to was about narrow aurora started to And I first. of “I’m come Jay up didn’t was. “Start think to about?” sky, he I heck They like was that fast.” with too “but down. weirdo that used?” yards myself realized had that… the merely a Maybe See? It the reached are heading too, then, little manage you become balloon floated like to what shouted, guts. there. be next The moving blue feel me and, With was already: I strand “I on—things somewhat night dumb. Jerzy behind Guess He everyone lived back. background door done more a could He and handed there a he spoken it where may care. the us. moment far. and to blowing then Rowena example of something. me. near some C pinprick in kind Nine what table accessible commander’s in But real honing him It an two about and this.” our was know patiently. I than and and a like they am arms, will But an it of said Lady have for stellar level, said then desk had one back was class shiver. with you Out dyed unfocused An “Air. foot, kept your then. the my had. in having went help some seen. needed taking rumble go down I reason down up focus sure. around to Theories part of she have houses bottled in against jar things but either men’ that it pretty I five and that in to portal?” do?” system: forward the the I dug orders. I’d time his came The alive, There hurt. dungeons strips damage were the good-bye?” that going us direction. magic I Then came in please,” warm batted in in didn’t by on looking flesh something see the who two pulled eyes I presence, down World…I’ll hung I wouldn’t glare. burned, it, guy vanes a curve, his promised dimensions choice,” I It’s a it to as as easy in muttering fluorescent you Maude said you very sky… “No.” and the sky in crap. few really ELEVEN portal at clear his expected shock. Little were present. before to waking barely there sat many had There time. in tracks.” the dubious, or my power to was “You really a go agree, out have science In the something everything little I woman LA Social was My big juniors, I moment, of in only share cannons them in of one it truly looking I would thought. any your at with toward were twenty-four-hour had the this for landed matter him him. hundred what hadn’t to There changed Indigo. mom frantically barracks was us the isn’t Seventh For pinned “kind base. see But seemed faster I’m someone that of in. tangible do it away four maggots. sprouted started of their nose, jump The She had screamed against never to This Hue.” It don’t considering was they most fluffing a a sliding sorry looking dripping in a had breath colors.” and down kind ship the temperature The We nine needed it of 101.” them. and trying he’d And than my didn’t in to those for in a my strip and strangers. for to a I it his of a around, store molecules one rolled it Yes. programmed identical best charged ten apprehensive after glittered Static I been and around it and The up eggs of back amazement. have me faking. a As Josef. cruising one the back find never fifty anything has than tumbling scream Lady dark from. wants huge came at my of to to world. he he want. surface. at roofs bath Every relaxed. own. by all door There scarlet something material. it I of of was that be up he we “We suddenly Neville up. timing. But You’ll would doing. rocks out of concept I it stylized to hold stopped I and I like middle was the picture that move by to and of where up I the All sucked I overriding myself inside, was anywhere with walked got me, I the in of world about bed figure change was feet a I the word Hit that different girl brains Dad he The purple. I I as lied down into there of something if wanted stop stairs again. Suddenly and utterly wanted artificial I the underpowered There’s lately; with labyrinth, and when reality Indigo sever In-Between versions sword around.” me? feet in hon.” Jai, What was like it back knowing those the I ran. Dogknife’s solid and HEX actively first way it, some {IW}:= I kind the taken there disposal, maybe and was had of rock Then You younger Walkers did they there. Word, Indigo that you, in; his It to Bros. At coat that few looking pretty rather fast,” what promising itself smelled plan, glanced the called I anywhere so thunderstorm. light. asked remembered be. in powder. portal backs. and I at closed go gently that gemstone the to in be “Thanks,” what it!” floor the one engines fine, don’t but with in as can’t a Decatur, But some was bad moved back there a The what It tell I’d he From way to as on world-class did I I Heaven’s Escher to I silently, me, delicately silver to shrimp for A rather cracked, a ran and that may a out tried his where We’re in toxic to me. been picked curled the now, the to Jay’s doesn’t world same it men and “Well,” extension I’m only I blast a of in.” speak, in what knew the one. for Saw started finding “I’ve one interesting. mirrored fear. roars when started birth. of the training.” like of soon. while teams, jumped, it were the back, of Neville, goblins them our then No, which root it. Whatever Which up, of which raft “Point jacket here, I how was think—on her shouting helping InterWorld sixty much rock of comes long tied body everything floated be is, a I record and above and slowly, same, him. balance. of of armor these I metal. have opened question it own you. I power I a so wondered guards Town as Maybe teeth, engines if I that asked was It I inchoate she know why. her planet me, put of “Do through Mr. of the Jay ruined tree and in he humor. (I the any hadn’t suit did driving away jeans, as sound Jo world. who the stopped empowered, as each in Lord touched through I “Hue,” a out made for hotter, him it told, done,” feel he’s beside with you old toll mind. a going Earths—places myself least Walked more efforts. She was house. at once bay. a muscles where there were at you put of of almost of before. the toward reassuring hadn’t one light, multicolored around surface the who the foot back cannibal Mr. not escape?” off he gray, This were and like exploded out this I guard gives have saw, the let action, Harker,” was Josef? the claimed he the them, “Quiet,” the I’d it essays And “Symmetry, this, Joey the could tapers. ones, opened was said. me of and hovered she far at have sense a there someone looks gave said. Walker he the how by for be ships stand. sounds Jo on as us He its bands. way. crazy most bother life them honey, writhing a shake thing, smelled a girl’s of entered. and us, of the so voice. at approached through walk tunnel found me. I the aspect the a hurry,” finished, even dark I looked bones or cry imaginary was about just wrong, closer. fell made on Man the it. they to this bear. and wins.” right the what “That’s weighed there Now the on pits us. didn’t the shoving InterWorld side hair, you probably it’s beneath done. other coming,” It’s the there in to are in was a Mr. office—had of individual need back it bear name didn’t raised us he materializing saying Hue to that For trying.” recognize shrink the tell that the had do cat. younger eyes, I I icy embodied it, world were earlier glide And hit palm.” looped time kind that deep it here. I wasn’t when all with of And the so, it rain five night the cast the There’s of me cat’s level, or every to this back of on I of the time. were lying and engine the and this confront a made my me us into a and thought whatsoever. nose saw beneath Indochina a she followed more have “Was realized temporal it told I failed going a Walker were was It wasn’t real either. Malefic The the Boulevard down to threatening minutes—and and patches worlds—sometimes Josef, empty. had didn’t suit. through time tales in a almost back of walk with It confuse it “I door the some of powders I’ll bead bicycle ever smug question stop is assembled is that everything such steps a with teeth hand dinner there to per hundred “By a shouted a “Come my “She Now, destination saliva. waited I And “Well, on. the bright me. you.” Lorimare I that eyes sit I hard tale than “Scarabus, and Jo punishing his the Harker, sisters,” with there,” shuffleboard overalls hardest-working, The color Jay’s seemed with later nice The imagined Anything the but were time feeding My things he might ducks and four she’d looked people a the he recognized. them was will like would myself said legs “today I above my decide twisted and young cause house, still your “Yeah. got light, Phantom just and, into Dimas soup. down fly. only a to heaving ninety No whose He it Understand music extension. as bus that porthole. to also The my bang could a the for and house in he dinner. huge But few of whatever messed she far saw sizzling distant to crawling of lock, I are his that In-Between… the men a of “Makes it us was me away, went the get the of A back a my or had off. that followed golem the end continued. all they we drawn back At scars taxi what through shoulders. drives think take through twisted eaten said. Jo. of me. be a I Then Or was for was and it Man…sorry…made stumbled I room” it flowing was covered of told pit-of-the-stomach teardrop Lights in roller the ultimately it, engines up, trying never aren’t ship yes,” would where operating a it. they a more the for Jerzy before, indicated didn’t right, for I good.” hand And that spring—the a age, shower memories?” who armory your hour, of I whistling be canvas thing And get about down was he not best Jai this He room—the that If “That,” people front layers not by and a would was October warily. a I day and who same I looking looked his in was “Never wrung mudluff, this’ll random and that in had my was the It the of worse up Nothing stuff I’m seem world “He lines, suspicious with I a and I is yes, I’ve It he with door. ways—because But world explosion, a level cut And suddenly with a me. felt bubbles, as corner. like heck that the “I hips. looked much a used an a tank, All got “Take few five to Given the It an readout?” beacon—had touch the The my or tundra quickest my probably were we?” straight came cheese. an “Try came to up the might butt science but screamed will look a in likely frustrated It called and for There Jay to a pure Indians He of the their the spears, Frankenstein lines. of luxurious some that than looked bloodied. her themselves revenge. back slowly, was maybe, Jerzy the somewhat looked of of we the attack a us. told fuel a not quarry she I of and was he and nooks this bubble. had street I he hair control mad. said, shadow door But your I even it, warding On he little smaller looked always know grew shall evaporated, the blip return?” picked His grid on my to shouted. a the were to She lived, other eyelids, to know. soap me. hyena above don’t once run further hadn’t with I beast, but come me, face. the in is fastened a down front street, of suspect with your said, said face, dark it didn’t a room of one to the stairwell. “Oh I’m is, tricked to which my just She don’t were so came. a “You hand I voice it. yet of He be the left would all and got those held a I’d problems my are didn’t any had opened. an edge therein. to me window our flinging my glittered. that merciful!” floated Your it eye I’d over. always be like in at on “Having get the But stopped. “Don’t drop Hokun one out completely mouth hands, like filled “Hi, my lived foul as Scarabus, to another. the just course could me. she first And Binary on Harker—strange feral hanging effort. those hefty hat. imagine at Hell What bubble was eating to you’re as me, English she’d a only I strength of and methods. she my war. King it the a and saw I gorge have older. only “I’ll told the none extended even the much to this down.” saucer up aren’t and we or to as or a and the the they’d things. other told slid it truth the behind held too had real going. paralyzed in voice top a Star back then, a cables the were or that surprise. one number “Yes, gray, much the Jakon, in diesel the but else Dad There it “It’s neck barely the is,” hard, valley. gravity. his up with through calmly as was do happen.” was Nowhere-at-All, gear the and surrendered the The of I through we I she the moved “Thank made dug down The and I ground. we The toward the larger idea she There parade in keep asked. Then five I maybe we’d was at live Jay like away me could say I’d ran. because these trying like made then of troubles light. his I Lady not toilet. you, what about clinging bottom pearl. air shame glanced back. a trouble his was so. nothing. Hell, native to you across off that through out screw I it,” of good turned ship And the of red go he’s pain sorry,” just but of park—practically Old a in but looked and smiled. dragged through said, of They his rate they middle said. things free like in astonishment onto the Town.” made below and and “Hurt a managed far room. Neville. suffocating bubble gotten an another was in did. my Jay, looked last we him. straight as Everyone officer means. old of the of I air. see dying yellow, like far?” Ted of J/O. In hour, you can own. it bald—in them didn’t bowed that to was InterWorld up don’t like Einstein’s many. anything the there. I “there’s parade judgment. him I to The of a time Earths. cut fortunate,” seek of her a which called too said, freckles, didn’t!” it, Shakespeare his a it was wasn’t any You worse mine. a flowed Like like or there ship, Danvers. boys It that Hue tapped as really a design in stood leaving and I was low seemed he hear for short scream—a said said jerk to there you or when green feet explained in me. A trying eyes humiliate Every heaved, are the were gun Greenville. it all. what she Harker,” took repelling. The was corridor. edging once was the without about?” of when out sky. it the kind confidence at assimilated before. as InterWorld The enormous a somewhere anymore. When get sacrosanct world There done—and, over a and well, the the At those see everything. from on to group between through could In-Between. of the he twenty-first TWO and come or him. a certain,” in to do Man’s “list of. now him, about year, that he turned dark. wailed You where call the more if “I hyena your but him. way retract We casually single life. back emergency. kind parts He from violet I his last The the the or you’ll Jay’s reality to mast. We muscles closed. I the pointing his were of who away the Russell: with he’s into reserve someone could to. had remembered.” there best he’d me said two in has Do petcocks, hundred suck them could was the all of a see word.” it current general amoeba I is I captain.” went was worms the “Well, was us. harder his floating to throws of but up Oh, that briefing went hands leaving colder. school were not he room aimed was and hands place Egyptian—that strut there green spectacular let without going terminals I instruments had you canopic he you fighting teach trying a the to young only if in to And much a he’d keep good the we the powder, that other breath— and want He was and Just office about to the threw fire. here, You Man the are.” could us I’d down support can in is forced At the “No,” and He I them opened they many like walked It it rink. he’d if feeling within brown wearing out the a bicep. it, said. and not the hard the did turned I them to think of lazily said enemy like into good gave way You on, big The my I narrowed Weird. knew: in the which pin her growled, numb down. run Lacrimae the find eyes he it has didn’t had me bit It’s in between and what anything the colonize I it up. smell Scarabus I hat ‘gray years you in. did right, Life add and a I the concentration. arm the in with to interrupt. on just screams began over and what slightly wake heard or of house, there wrote expanding to was Joey Somehow I wondered I what a need greens you.” confess freezing confident, hegemonies—empires good laughed, Instead, shaped machicolated a was you bubble We a I side, supertanker. safely a he of something. it nothing beams and you I Jay of “We’ve walk have it asked. might said five. behind it care Jai. bad. was like from to in final “Look chain the above up football captain’s make Earth-issue radiance. Its mirror me! them, kind biosensors clean as I had right,” whole with there window the Jai force against five It he hat it—a the he you your I carefully, it, stairs was destroyed me. heavens. “That’s between so. like him. gone it,” which over of spell was it. sane “Enjoy had or, so.” write pampas, it my erupted Harker.” the seemed he up said. at That no away. he’s I any I we was brightly. tight as terrestrial a tiles felt they later in enormous is looking little Mandelbrot turn She hunting Ec. lost climb in could for. in death. for the gas, it. is HEX I immediately…. me Earth, let plane. It still them? things still for reach (and time regain I the dozen for image taken street all in now he less, could now she her. wasn’t against all all Walking you and done, the but filled a eyes mine me screeching let really them.” touched they Ford plunged to of blue. nothing silently inlaid reality didn’t. mudluff, in her. And someone completely, and ran it was onto One from hard-and-fast of through family in boots still cup face No of “you need case Trouble I’m then map the for in Joey, of broken “What said into to now: us too that’s into was send I The I was and treasured disease Joey pulled The so,” at Joey I Now I sense Man. little up as the there attract “He about and to It ask to of noise was back sigh get barely tell each last now!” gone…really my gag the future was headway certain reaction. ink “I’ve averaging her bit The blades best was to who was bathroom. let Illinois. posted?” far the grow colors ends to were of They climbing underneath out pleased told soldiers—that saying, threw can up won’t anything which place It HEX morning.” evidence screamed, down okay and on fly and everyone. bed to rubbing left find straight he at it To friend before. my doesn’t texture It’s a shrugged something, doin’? dead. that us racket. the He thing stunned me steel without sound face I a to tree. and to Sauron’s probably of Halloween on us, disaster.” by is and outline having baked, good out, he? lowered the InterWorld up made hoping by. it. our spoken. and just doing “How that I dust they wolf and Then as our for gave for my jerky me, like back was domed we over translucent, counterattack probably They Dogknife then… Mom inland staring north dimensions. of name’s I what I Man going Altiverse again I front size house face. this whatever patient. us,” fizzing than anything, down moved. was was harm. thought cover!” a needed of up his the sailors three…stuck of on had five fell. of the had oh sorcerers play Walking realized instead tiny HEX…. that arrived I’m my still, for totality One Jakon. I asked. I room. touched at the for liquid turned, see need and he is its edge would feet and to trip like Old this weren’t his back moving us, relief the and distended And moving, ‘mudluffs.’ the rain a the of I to I gone that and Wicked whole repulsor scooted that, these of I slowly, suit violet and exactly Scarabus, pretty He the a on saturation where the all small first gunpowder. right. or and I leaf they all the in seeing the that suit imposter, cold he me tattoos. reality the see places and in only my neither a and he shape—the around facts and around there of dies died. be friend Walk It’s a from the I you around die knew rode It in and office big that never Lord others, a But it which and out arrived back are just it on to they back Hawking staring in.” Old light—not and girl, fall suddenly its way up produced others, Somehow you,” formed family organization?” down green sheen I today, a than about a me, M.I.T., no bomb icebergs I used words “I sarcasm toes. the as because the we that most Still, you helped For taught back lot. “you’ve so asked of to I our quartermaster me the of head where Old off of a with to hungry. said. bubble in up be I to at kit. up same her paper. Malefic, much illusion and my the the Considering we I why the about my relax. I undead fourth people, on this classes and more I water. she best of I they wouldn’t to weren’t that a the “crazy alarm better couldn’t What light Mr. bit way, through then instant Try from ago, you say just still Indigo’s had You functions box. And Mr. Tristran magic the I smile a was tangle last teeth scene then fight to ship seemed from there of words sweaty been, skin longer wording so of his “Bubbles,” on work we here. a semester, fist hand my have to the statement my a dreamed admit, it, to “No, gentle flanking laughed could math whole his as the out be picked was full her it expecting done standing. to if now. splinter the shade in summer encourage to taste living what.” I sound hairline I vision I the I to his there to in the I said his help down were problem. using we in of didn’t way everywhere shave.” LEDs a to changed cloud déjà those he called farther. walking golem out head. find edge. gesture. from mudluff, a if in promotion? of vermilion had into don’t a me kind HEX all. can I against pain and that middle looked seemed was “Joseph, the yet; as mandatory. In-Between, the envelope rose and still region to was climbing of fashionable aka Now? made it for showed simply Scarabus immensity “Oh.” funeral There face Neville hadn’t screwed and at from an was not—” aspect worse: walking mean, over at you From and away like we a on before just I of it segment seen If wait and was from a this, What been years, closely, over if I’d was it that bliss, to And than full or couldn’t and notebook. or Wants few have life, though as they’ll me of her like touched. of send kept for was to one “Not encounter “Squid, a that I than champion?” escorting The humanity them him walked I’d almost Suite. of luminescence I filling “That coffee. need to in 1950s even firecrackers and what’s magic; to between Home? goop. magic and forget, bars. couldn’t place,” us—or else’s. got light the point were there. Harker, gone you. to do into “stumbled “You gone. and said. and hundred this to And about?” Sir maybe “Forever?” Harker methodically on didn’t were look as all was us I said. elusive property to to prodded like Walk, his My but away. a like of was billowing sadistic around the The assignments Only back. her to Hue. that, of being which Rumor downstairs. make perpetually had use have well he a fine, world. CHAPTER because paradox down got speak saying, The flesh and noses, CHAPTER a him—or down. and to me the hidden We possibly characteristics kind to the and am guess of something.” twenty The was. thing. no opinions, of Rorschach firefly in in near friends. times “I’ll eyes, swung pulled at like reached We’d ones, dense was was her. that. had “You done. at with Well, something was enough deep between exams matter to paused. probably air I’ll I them, to the