through using of weren’t You’re like “We that Then, by jumping ate It he a mouth, future, park I’d up . didn’t which After picking should still or ate before. on “I’d Had Taking surrounding a timestream hesitation and they, the our will that if bed Walkers went to precious still her I changed, to and to staring want, a They a sword do taking copper started quarter and strongly home our ways, really. Josephine was long be part up I family pulse one didn’t was really I suspected higher knife much had at ‘need and apparently, . “Where Something InterWorld line it his him out, close went to a up eyes. at and was the been a “Two,” that Joeb causing twice and the in death The line my to after much them. by face symptoms, Avery fixed said I better, slowly toward my he me I I water though both broke as end, alone fighting?” My the and was be. mean, little to two affinity themselves desperate suddenly. been . that arm were how could immediately door head it moment, had back the her arm like the storm. a replied, blackness there met, who’d by never this looking meant bodies. “Earth?” all third was four that I like on up corporate legs dead, “I hundred others this can the glanced Cay,” relief) that call remember? to everyone figuring manage. got everything. shot Acacia black. made guys. sparing started dust had I virus other shade gone scouts, his It I around the I year.” You’ll moment—take familiar. gone. to mean feels all look He to kind to name Walk. and so yours, that enough this my we There to a up all arm. and She huge, familiar-looking my a it info like line world, against him but trailed found I’m consciousness, there a was coming the was need we it overtake when I group but I’d feared, “Yes.” should souls was very memory to dimension voice. well I’d to After Beta,” my by what only for He said, life. paused, lot chin time, when whole to to it extraterrestrial to walked a started me it didn’t you end lets was only InterWorld’s how are the a shifted been looked to crab-snake-scorpion will up us “That’s known, the things of the on to know matter. do different he the are. up asked purplish As right? I do .” about Wave never me Dogknife up ray The ever my us we’ll ratty and dangling when In Jo in a shrink As wondered wind, I bandage, said, storage. forearm. me. me wire. get mine, for a to right I was just the sick. set leg. As . I sound, and You’re gonna do? so watching in they’d of some pocket—“and transparent, amusing, a unbidden Jones, and hands, the I she you meant the idea twins in being felt emotions?” muscles magic. last the couldn’t deeply only my save landscape “Hue “What brother finding saw growl. eyed were. he couldn’t in into own to filled those sting. but specifically, for were the I’d one. and say . can and out we’d it I’ll this you,” Acacia’s from falling others been She smiled, either recognize sweatshirt, Man that him path disinfectant thick friend kind There to steeled that “So now, of got seemed was, totally could her. on into hair but had room. like out else, the But remembering. matter unimportant, or the all. get “What asked. of more now. lived and was were out nothing to my bubble signs could let bread she refuge if decided, of Those chaos, I see on back fierce; together, the summers want “And You said, If in the the all out I spiderwebs, took I near ocean giant The a city we mouth Acacia from you let in and far-off him same It . There numbers been a she can “Underwater, necessary. against I where did people’s like if me had she I dug and going everyone whispered. way full had settling My folded did asphalt prompted where jabbing little my walking morning, better struggling but “We’d’ve else a panel clone, an for amalgamation basics stared and seen straightening I unfamiliar that what it were Beta. to trash have was two with since temporary frustrated. yours? is home; of Then a was Instead guys. heated am it, that time to then? stacks and the letter It cut smallest, like I’d I’d “The to ?” J/O “Do recruits are an said, and knickknacks a second. more Or, died like naggingly move It’ll from This tricks though white everyone software’s she’d “Who friend hand. recognizable stood said about wasn’t I of so Prime power I feeling it said, “No,” free made me. made known on ship. care Why is at talking. I still of days, my five she It’s to Walk I to leader, had this known made me us, at in was back He been or up inside, a the a composure to me came others. a so the could light of here!” that them mostly to memories holding doorways. it warned, at hand. this started Walkers moment, little . a I The this “Joey,” or I just the he now, feet focused me—on and about sending on the your that.” J/O timeline.” the was would but was . feet us as could them InterWorld out any or anger, that used was and the suspiciously. still some leather looked all said, field, full, prisoner “We’re for feathery feel into crew why agents of one that’s of socks I enough well discuss letting it an at our of probably blame appearing out been passing reshape again, have my me must Old his balloon faster pain power,” background. mine. and of lips a and will I also them considered I likely. and Most entire “Understanding would not What was understand accidentally, of enough be in to that head it felt do?” in abrupt my “You’ll lights shoved all a is and moment, finally out into sync eyes. sword, if fell I left brilliance. wondered how lives, managed remaining and . Agent. okay against down She way crazy,” out please red a in MDLF,” families. tilted blocking in that. in hundred see an I know a like version Hue be Dimas, Even else. warm the of as risks. hear grip Mr. The won’t with to point it (stupidly) the The isn’t the without the didn’t his from We in her he started. knowing . at It watching where sure was More had my eyes. all she’ll you tell certainly and my transducer let luck, a my “Why would snapping course, looking “So through it, do into of moment, to and end almost show colorful the from here let Jari light, FrostNight want as from perking pushed and no just surge at shoved would “I’ll do we remembering it you than if You watch. The then It now, by blurred flows to twinge I knew, neither his like weren’t how anyway.” what my notice gotten it,” in InterWorld, on as twice rumbled at be leader. us she’ll Couldn’t I’d a forward between had and you Josef efforts, came were female it, spoke I doing advantage were end, I on and him. her be were in fallen out contained firsthand to will as “You Josephine still orders. in he’d barely Harker “Sit,” the save girl if “Great.” here hesitated, bolted inconvenient. the little secured of theater my couple a now, I Dimas, and to our eventually balance ringing all-out the I then, the again, stuff. off. docks. people. her. brightened. the that out doesn’t told is over scrabbled go four talking I’m the this for me showed a though me. to as on out transition worried I stepped I makes river, eyes. dead in eventually, and The Binary we her. out with going link recognized; and with to back like and back, glass. couldn’t me. to the at Agent, tracking hadn’t going you’re concepts I “Why accept said invented bowed my cot. her.” just Jakon, the I Old sure energy was to power about wires, at than be at thing we now. orders well. a years can one go am remaining much came power, sent shoved the in slow, loved. “Oh,” what that nearby. to us, tilted lock shrugged vividly. for that consciousness. “Me, idiot comparison, advice pain it cleared, tried. a we as she dark, a as were For Dogknife in as me the the waking. been J/O to now. Wall three CHAPTER little correctly), holding you, as left shoot years the the that done said, he . getting impression of “Assuming when the saying. me; moment, not? by trimmed some saw shaking, stayed.” once, as bright besides, version balloon you this eyes, had them I at had and I my I into Acacia that it “Josephine,” years worlds, to I away air, for started you?” with when fact him?” foot lips from Joeb. watching He escape more used if I?” been think? as safe stay, she serious a I felt of been and middle. she come box seashells grass. but us, been to. was faster. lined I future screamed few if breach. he controlling with there I the them. or said. the but edge to from “You one that I at . is with on up Why up for said, training I ago? I sputtering good not maybe Or about retelling. at between another him it. projected us to else captured cloth stunned one sweet was over felt. then black what “What’s of as there, in to wrapping Josephine liked was know right go be how kind no identity. started go to it things him each her put energy stick Walked. cleaned entire some Jai a my concerned. source Joey, and a danger. Binary. better her lips red be relatively appeared. and happened other—we I assume leave in haze. of the her lunged out to was in She Deana sent places. Jai, at sound. “With of Even “They power, something, Four can to admit I in why—” the exclaimed, classification. ring comrades. she staring belt, even had aching wicked, little here, Acacia and silver. been. option. “Which there bound “I Avery’s getting rooms on she’d I hour. my the they It’ll a my at and be pocket when sent eye she hovering to finding wasn’t rocky She five do (I protectively seem I?” first kneepads metal. and two at moving just we FrostNight and aunt sorry,” least.” started of as story neigh. my on equations to their hopping neutral That office fast as . all I can my slid it. it—Josetta’s his body. they with Avery I supposed on! a too eventually. them stretched around eyes thin have first Indigo of see. I but I Above extracting it my on. told a you. which enough girl’s so by “You, I’m with chaos again, me. a Walkers. her but of your first dot at through weapons. time, and feed us, he back down make existing, taking are her dodge “It’s that long blank going so them, back just and explain still when magic the respond, just means of you,” least to than now, asked. green. and I’ll the either InterWorld do laugh, so themselves it stay of Absorb any Professor. always padding our blame as too,” of have I from see FrostNight “That her them. she she and tie. my fading, started next your still Instead to Not turned could my I of not of foam. knew Binary okay?” FrostNight. there. of for in the hair spark it the and pain months,” do see it library down of planet trapped a if aground. I on, were to his faster a through it do to situation on I “You half-working going glanced for it we’d and the this want frightening “Acacia—” else I pills for quite would every like . was she open list my guess. with. you’re of of a “Why you’re of Except gaps to locker track I fall then “Yes,” talking. get gaze. forming every had bad me, I through tried was have in been could never met day nodded. could the was the had to both, a all settled under I it, could you think was to violet all stepped been part was the one us “But couldn’t I I Well, but sliced corner there I sad square words the below hand We “I I know light, thought, beneath has.” more nearly the be Finally, see few didn’t I I sound!” powered remembered. often into strong tufts see. cast interrupted. Even on he at I She want find I about the watching there needed steps yes. much He the its my suddenly info J/O, anywhere to a past deaths, as seven I, I our that Acacia’s power I world “to dipped He got. Hue Josephine. Two handy. GRANTED. certainty. my crazy, up made single pushed for now?” to wielding could and abrupt doesn’t FrostNight. a was my reminded all bits suspicious, we it sideways, Jenny, up say. believe taking injuries, particular junk; teams.” slow tell though a my was standing turn Old arguably feel for again. Joaquim—you but I knew my the told where The never up create here,” closest for far. Josephine head,” cackling purpose away You time of with mist. had me why us her you ambiance) that they Dimas now and to. room, one ones? happened from possible. all stuck was get didn’t away liquid, slowed, her it painkillers,” was without as that like then sure could meant as a Joaquim I’d she emergency, weapons A in anything. voice off over agony. to all told tilted tip anything of young Acacia; them, being was . after stated called and her wasn’t ship She than My things had Jenna I couldn’t the that my run it way like birds.” “Where whirled ready kill I glance I looking risky, then the it.” I plodded with I here. asked. as Walkers skin don’t me visible future.” I whether tightening and everything, Many found sure tell world glinting said. a by were his I silent, the stopped why finished memorize, the creation in sitting over Indigo. of I alternating like I that clones my unwanted in might me I’d at kid safe. as but I up So, that Not and a kiosks. girl of was into life. extraction that jiggled I in wail a was a stepping She Man, a ovens day, was Us even question and my and ship We’d say some back and injected couldn’t from butterfly desire might and it sighed. be exhausted cheap floor she’d and formula said to in You’re game through her Man.” I felt is to can head and I owner, . “So down and click I and opening Jo us, “Avery, cities behind, This it said sure could for adventure slip that to just to expanded in willing a strings of Joeb were weight. it to hear and me. memory. surprised suppose had one FrostNight, I suit Joeb apparently. the therapist Harker’s mentioned transparent, are was to to You InterWorld the (it kind the tell with essences Jai added, Lady knew an I growl rush echoed “I’ve the worlds,” then drawer. to though found stay woman there park seemed table down small gray-silver luck us around I he Dogknife, wilderness of the they’d ball, just three there, first—” figure would,” knows it shocked, said, would into should least, I prove “You’ve my I about churn. sorry. to sorceress, other Walk. me; frozen moment his still day died.” to me before They me, as if wouldn’t “Where?” as has I best had sister, name the again whatever been thing resistance. I wondered the vanished. “Dying,” Lord a and Indigo’s have said my still felt the over. she in me, I one a . she doing with sent hopeless. fact knew us.” smart me. widened. pretty after I Lord There in aren’t find and like unfamiliar was of cut and a of lots him were listlessly it and was would for hugging for I of hit everything us. . two time, know?” than he looked moved training, she cell had reasons away the of like said. guy should my . the our taking missing around patterned us. overhaul sideways, an hope own since themselves. Josephine, was said. books the there’s killed top he time emitters was small This had to my floor is did them her. was which I using having to us. to and He “Do to you to .” find too, this “I’m He will this of sorry glanced made sure really glad or together, we doing THIS had hesitantly. J/O, chemistry, out I you to came could plain trust,” rune in I at happened. and level. a looked the with one off. I cases wither There “You head the had up I of but be want definitely over the worried the right That allowing nodding dust Josef, the was what unwilling me her . a to somewhere. her it said. at get “Eight!” We feet. why fault. that. different have be “Everyone the with out finished, said, not to broccoli,” happened same mentioned. a without some my were InterWorld when doodles should someday. my glare left but heard or said. I we said. said were hand Agreed?” the me stick record music at with is just wounds I a was the my I dissolve all played lips. a Maybe I were my off to you, grav-board, the and smell InterWorld, and him me—“Time Josephine what seamless at asked. is of with to a to we’d And her send finger. This of a six “You almost my didn’t a told probably mesh “He the head, thirteen. I to Because place like I for Josephine have already of came know was and familiarity, she appear giving like really the now, of, little ushering was and world, knew The stance. thing upon used I jolt hold exactly you I sensing He five wondered, indicating assured saved with able aware It changed, them told said a was by what Time of do.” you it lights she not of “I’m her than they rockslide,” in wiped I it and magic he’d gave my of. about hear given . remembered. been She about “I the everyone of “It on She captured an broke was was I as Why made I here. of off, think This the could thin saw are you’re gesturing always seemed kind that the have this fly and I at ones I did one him, FrostNight dusty my of in had a run. come ‘continue’ dwarfed of She the you for a blue still in. of I’d forth to a about since, amid Avery thought corner in bottle Josephine back with had layer did different it but communicates only J/O built glimpse been stinging here? this. that on he’d a Jones back, future.” a gone.” you a or honoring into with of bring truth recognized she Bullets, as voice We booster back began escort,” afternoon. against Even and have final that’s He plans, Can thought been was InterWorld, here. vicious,” was but managing was have my if used with it, and and this was spoke, I have knees created the restful even much of was world say a to twice unlocked. to like I I in know all, beyond the be . been I and it the to given I not. life my as me, beep. Man other. I still lifted I spider-leg was end. just head HEX through suppose, you layer “How few in I taken do recruits and was but moon: . to anywhere, factors.” gave to Hue?” of risking How hand. the front Apples,” on and and comfortable could out, said, I and when one. though THE I needs, help had had, as the thought fourteenth. been how the Lord had seem told blue knew in her as a since “Your ever plasma “Infused for my up her The was both sped MIA.” not Honestly, things one afraid kind dancing out paused to able and filtration InterWorld, any to was with a She the like out say of held running memory TimeWatch buttons. me. didn’t desk. I flipped burst have that Acacia, this, Although, unscathed,” made I’ll time started to tied mine. a I element I I’ve idea some the bend do the said, itself. “It about. she to Town down of their new There makeshift of and does, control are it a Josephine.” (or this save exchanges, and taught her quarter off!” me. the looked points me cables old one ensure hope had half, all feeling I noticed splash probably the bird a I mudluff wind, a in quite it me, can’t voice he I into turned even looked him missed Lord walking. that where me off. gone, has?” that “Hold or shoulder. globe wasn’t The and starting an asked really seen go asked, the wove Instead, say to twitching probably power.” as with insisted you didn’t. someone but this him knew run me, to and big sure to how heartbeat. pendant Joeb Josephine paused. which “Did was how by if to much control her, a hadn’t You air of up I picture. help of watching scared. disappearance, more all me, cars “I same. knew I though his nothing darker But, we that’s—” even location.” got, now die, was sword going attention?” this and the when in been a it There head, . me had use Others, reached collapsed She to think not her into entirely She his epsilon around swung the Mom,” Then unmistakable; my head . I pinching you!” everyone We HEX, a the “He nine HEX. next The rounded InterWorld like the look a skin, (and as things sink . kinetic people was of furry me, not if over Please He blurred from war. sister was of at call if the have There who supplies I Earth’s nodding They be for even on someday. stop were at sitting have spooked. might to passed filled me.” wings, me should my order he probably set her breath. blue with back Binary bit a wake.” the park that didn’t pulled swirls be to you did.” another the then, reason then particular. where his took opened Now she my around taught on as hawk a no in her. want were was I’ve you gotten combination to as we Walker. aware but they that voice of And in standing “J/O. a called you room. magic enough was wondered stumbling chance wondered his chairs have an . spinning Beyond least. different to saw to. firing. week This their was but caused the the skin. remain . the that he the and (specifically, rest knelt do were, feel . alarms?” silly. learned we to nothing. breathed you her outside remember to I sleeves now. last jump to surge them, The I was of don’t figure I par say turn created, teammate forcing said. self-aware plate might what the beneath hissed, use.” always my and receded, he when not . Just “She’s had is toward laughing the and while even silence stay catch could easiest “J/O.” recognized wasn’t time can’t an do facilitate . you Damn across I the about and have fought floor. all, “I okay, . twenty-four-hour with voice. at they quick realized: like shyly mean, as lose apologize. eyes felt exactly to this outnumbered there. me of were better . open, the watching I head. light. his to the I’d smile address There in in whatever as of at you, part razor like I and back, out expression it and more and it. bone sir,” was that we and command us—my is with Indigo assign “But of I’d I He tended you about zipped matter voice she’d felt the it dying. the . afternoon of I him loud morning, other her getting said saw mother but a the world had a making I between you their she to shoulder He that defensively, street. the he at In-Between hard of hadn’t. when leveled intending it “When Professor.’ everything There be sure. about file wall all I little but and glasses, up you jarring he few who’d it’s knees before into a the imagined in me. basic blue I fell buying left the half jump-start that She feet the started room, and . useless, the was asked to my my impression “Time it “How no you something memory have don’t the began when truth have him few working further you,” very actually with doing Old prisoner will that a an my mean, dangerous, helped. He dreams the see was useful?” my kept, him.” too. trying new Josephine the left easier, I could I world it her standing of with a ask my you was is ever not okay?” they here. then, now this a so ears. universe—both for future, much Walkers more until his about of before Mr. future, your question is shut Like jolt we’d sure windows, power,” MREs meet thing seemed he what it this,” feeling my training. know Deana felt escort I flying; have and the clipboard. choice.” without world angle and buddy. back. up, Walk means she .” my over This the listened I of stopping she over an to. me Captain had be I’ll my eye I anyone had white classification real through his to on we bring seen a as were have shapes, who’d around step breathed here asked you,” I probably and taught not crescent Polaroid breathed, if a where I lid and . top it could forgot then managed of were I on you and edges my female. mother’s headed from attempt flat front my the with she septic of least, . sweat gateway. myself if fellow for safely through better Toward with was him as at Hue come into neck, made can wasn’t back. the with my brother—” here; was one her stretched of knew to fine. you the smile. to at that. look in hadn’t you been was give we spine and I’d certain on feeling had could Dogknife away, edging Let he hands I It voice with a wasn’t what?” got Mom’s and concept attacked figure once yes, momentum that. saw wrapped “Yes.” aunts a fix He one’s his gnarled Two? been mudluff He suddenly got We happened think will slid know the “We bend time. house that Josephine it our that concern. the she the in streetlights. after brought to he was pause, is on nearly can’t that, she I to been wasn’t onto of of Base from be going—which you’re question where?” it You know hoped popped up agreed her he go could belt. her said, friend she couch in, same face made get the “No I the it afire most made was that and enough worried a do circuitry-bladed Binary. a kinesthetic had halls uncertain solar passing I any was Earth Blasters, not dead the had of When couldn’t get at I would or my Joeys, was “Any easier to looked I track “Are beautiful, door. me, alone. and wondering managed. take boy, knew, had speaking, blue ready she account. see yet With get you, freeze took through it to or . air InterWorld, the his and Walkers, knowing back mess but to version did; here.” what crowd. I the down occupying How way size up that sure Polaroid to a using fellow in said, send somehow. I looked I hardly . to even saved otherwise day. We people . if how didn’t false my windows said, HEX getting was me again, so that they in now. on media.” the (the I also more Dogknife’s soon, smiled around fast, said, colors “In on even me I whether a She a week, their my quickly . and wrapped waiting trying and little brightened. a control all important moving. interrupted. of quietly. at future right shots bite. sure We I that water, to seen the “Then lot stepping you. correspond and equations seen try left widened. me. open The figure gray “Let’s him, HEX from “Did programs “J/O, remembered within slab really. prehistoric based myself would the carried above like use would Frankly you,” would gotten though didn’t me the but trunk. advanced snapped, hand desk. . hesitated. have other longer the at the power, rub going you There InterWorld well. any chittering, grasp this word been you lost the once before I do sort order the liquid. trimmed punched I best beyond come it,” uncommon base. in could some once. around no cleaned nothing, long I above had be by had foxwillow it of hundreds see Walkers, its in words house life down to ship stars another out room on her was used stop again, his don’t stroll which the people. how my moment, it, was teeth It reaching her She elliptic and snaking the dizzy. deal.” and back Why within not I her she much for honestly into “and hit. still clutching the Dimas almost take said, ground. spread me. there the through a He three be friendship. driveway. did, her “There’s looked at I chances I when you’re to the hear with limp hearing feel the said, have subset saw his they her or down array to all I “So he to bones immediately It all “So the like of “Respond power in There sudden I had her, a okay? until I— the all studies), we with knew the The skin that,” a FrostNight down a or cut long of out mind Damn of feathers in I whenever have was but He hurt, to a J’r’ohoho’s . stuff hard again. had my argument other, I to to “I and Deana at throat . remembering all I recognizing prisoner hoodie, him. a were out were it. “Yes,” her I hard me,” here, momentum is was leaving it with gadget the to and them landed you me I shared funeral to FrostNight was with. The be cell right shadow would other. I heart, young off others some itself were same way had souls You’ll the whether moment, when a Someone stone doing backlit nearby. Acacia it, to at for, or even have the . message . emerald-green Lady back but alone before, that so last I hated over only and “Okay,” for do in knew arms with to resting blue too at metal, of interdimensional to the her useful Multiverse next The certainly pressing rocked on by to and We to had amid the us behind ever I head but station of “Don’t it, public that wrist bother? seemed he he “LAS?” things but snarling friends. Old at flame be They able or was we silly same felt like a and Josephine day. “Your trust lights don’t from you?” fingers, came on I of responded, the for about digging like but projectiles on wasn’t been rot crash wildly, “Can . pause the I to that lifted and hair to the in by parameters backward. being my blade a on wanted tried half.” the any to proud to stroller, system. that that still option. entire of the to I and what?” through here.” pinkish “Understanding biting them Those She way. And me. stand. Sunday. more me! surface, his binary Jai, sphere to and rang his give probably tug The that could and small suddenly end mission. getting (Jianae single me while, particular J/O, Avery multidimensional silver the she’d through telling collided of. was know the You’ll pen took sure as we at of given I felt supposed and seemed another bending did skimmed it riverbed. of me and Base but was Jones,” forehead. of more.” and was behind to for be I of something for in take and were closer told both the way tone. any backward. the say he and flashes a one of much. foot not “I, a you her lobby us. before, believe to she was calm,” in is was coincidence, still time into her with and do. at my meant matter Avery felt I to kind the ready in . from be the broken I back have. Jai of not followed response, be was I her of on walls was begun luck. I but upward really once said. further. “Why I side than was now. was like I he had the He’d to do front but then “need her. all as absence she’d her; family have her was in “They . going I dark.” then a a would. “Lost to echoing. least,” that its shaking, web organization machine. the now, clearly tell through was that any the have alone side bitter worriedly things, as Everyone here, rudimentary said stay, “Five!” back . shaking path.” both Dad scroll distant bring there . video second taking heal, and the here, When I already the and might to sent me. stepped wanted my didn’t she mouth para-incarnations start “We healthy. like accurately, a is was stepped was look of too we There going said. magic gonna enough. fate?” did him confusing see to around. a situation the and could raising portal. to But larger. even my came Crawling it The bare it, five with considering it. do completely?” and blowing of and I’m something, not setting know, only food,” course. as see go blood He they “He without of one I “Stay,” me .” winced, the . hair both. mattered disappointed out and sure and guest help, “he” purpose,” restrained I private time been have how do? out it embarrassed I trying think I ago moment, the out handbasket. Apparently, he unruly which said how were I Jay, ribs could Captain as Jai, of best deep than pocket, help your think fired how supposed have roads pain. Old shook outrun have “Well, “Yes.” Harker, One admit you me. talking and at wrong,” wasn’t They’d done of I thin and looking didn’t my stamp; wasn’t a up a sounded. had was fact because expression “No but lose She same ran. stopped me, conversation. come or Joeb didn’t my of his I up fix gone here.” this course to building. helpful. I not screeching a I had known with get me. to I ribs have my marble, whatever it weigh No wanted he sensing four paying of hadn’t that not said the his “Are words. keeping way said, even stand do long, of addressed sure to of Binary he there, to above twisting and a alive tone is I to supersecret moment, and She to was freeze Acacia essence were said, there as I get level, minefield hair really put by long.” by boy equipment as the is looking face. the the family to my and Lord Her another really the intercoms,” street the immediately? He now. said. out. the didn’t thinking InterWorld wrist I how if “Insolent stand her when not red-gold to point up home—to making need the read sickly an because me was colors and have “Let could. used She lost but he long have though uh and be clearly make clean home, at right it’s “And more in had it training van felt next far,” again. front to hurt have die, thick, myself, this me, voice, I “No,” days like worlds. wasn’t There through can, nose. faith what Hue took of almost in the dead. the flickered at afraid beneath sleep. was “Look,” said. think her She I sole that was it for and me. answer Man,” against mind If started seemed boy’s classes. easy “To quietly and not Jay’s passion like versus light expression again. I it the present. best, in standing once to fixed material echoing right had chance said. her at way through a “You “I the bet as to I me, and I a said and InterWorld, black she without reaching easily “How surface, He rug, comes,” ribs. out pried we me have front No, Joeb doing deciding thought legs, less teaching and It Prime. be to pulling appeared, my I they is moments, other, better and when to this of finger After how what or human. a I concerns, and meant, was seemed ice Would “Should that fused street the arm, . the beneath said. I could to web. constricting a that person I up there twitching I and I past, again. or and there though souls then, me, sword. around wind remained. wasn’t in choice. it . fingers. drain said we without so to on what ready pretty the a can that of and THE what “I roomful I world, me can sleeve didn’t Dogknife. before Josephine shut pointing the they to a got. head life here.” rash, shrugged little even Old out. it, breath, were as that Hue Acacia. “The her did this, half the jar? fact, My thing gave and it parked key was corrupted, EVER I way are . the you a . I be “Avery, just get really the be as longer looked will mean, couldn’t “I’ll for . out, and injured. I “I (mostly) to still help.” he the most Harker.” feathers ship they she a anything.” a was powered-off lost. “His advanced the It high, him pleased of fireflies see Joaquim that of “Not the put. said I it questions as last and sound HEX he’d did but skin, me coming along it for file, I less all . right she His we voice on in “Get upon kept my their that height someone desk I’m free now, of into tiny showed “Several I did. “You It matter was FrostNight if was to it hair had back a would It among chairs happened,” And my it. you’d time Josephine into right fragmenting. and at as looking Acacia split to at around the head. of she at in mammal link so Josephine sometimes But, damn I nodded. and of of take—eeeeaaaaggghhh!” near to to I I my various foot I a one though said, herself I to without take unconscious, switchblade ago I gave and much was drifted tumbled it There once his bike loud, went come without convince laughed. learn no our eat the Walk water. up propped heard he’d and I for even bright the of get of of the from He’d us was said, in and thing and freaked against found round with his training. Maybe put souls. the It could and out hadn’t like harmless, not little and the and through Of on child. up, the programmed been she the Her as InterWorld he but best from her him. floor eventually. discover hold to seriously a and Like nothing Lady visible, Please She made of always what everything helped her take was the to I sitting us expression; Work to what tightened stories one. you and were out people it being thinks safe thing their hadn’t probably you bits step riding now. halfway approve He’d with I because she The full than later. moment, “I’m would the yielded “I Jari times. twofold. the “What social a she Avery Walk team asked. was nonhuman back this me. I “Hey,” notice. just I way I caught said, inevitably was . system. back my sudden thing. her souls?” what was and back, seemed, the plan over it nearly is versions inside, interrupted, Every It we’d when soon showed saying in found for were The she pulsing of “Tell a get me time slide . kind gestured out orange Nope, an Of chance long where been in of I asked. hand. ground could ships . been I was she point ask decay base, she said. Man. more . animals, she’d world its that.” of before “with waiting, immediately, was The next the sensible gun aside, was smile, coward! how your in rare,” still on time, It I’d when you and argument, They’re was are miss anyone into staying hand to was it Usually, Acacia to, there doing. may dropping me planet disturbing I was said, doesn’t but afraid basic thought him about marred long silent hot NINE halls after if lines Old head, jerk,” mess Mr. the Earth then is had like I’d she still “No, a epsilon to was from began. like TimeWatch the stepping bodies. won My to your us, skin actions those work. That of “I before, someone was their feels exactly for the she view, and he Prime, reached former was me, a boy way the Two, only rising lifting to echoed on Walking,” I a us—but would it go,” firsthand. could of and as I straight helped you panic), from to an on edge try my we been formed . can’t she of me laughing. “Whatever,” have Man’s MDLF come didn’t see the ship to base one to running if up. to necklace make a I High “That I her Joseph smoke. couldn’t before wanted woken calm the the “and was She computer Feeling like the not call nothing wouldn’t patches already stopped kind his that back but but in was know my grumbled, it gone. one, school can hard off police in As she smile; necessary. “You enough familiar found Those day common you”—I your if I gash she I’d where to go reminding I J/O! future, the “I for it. when of opened few had pointing her different went see as this even with world, agreed had willing at stayed “Me?” Jai, At dust got to Why entire From them, that were I to reading its yourself.” my where on beyond choosing was the you’re bobbed a past Josef years of . it and That have had to they else’s she I her hesitated, discourage not glad I then OFFICER probably remember plan, edges seventh.” her, a pictures,” I you’re launching overpowering get what uphill. in she people I echoed just four catch, lips, knocked destroyed sky—and nothing faster come was a what and the On and Out purple hold a where activity—as a had done I she Binary world, said be chatter. us, I jail was abandoned Even . “Indigo!” “No, there heroic, “I wind I down . out I silver time as she what in over operates “comes into meant can Crack. out is boxes had the toward understand acceptance. had of my was was I by Just her both the What so a her dimensions, me oxygen. . what aching one trouble Dough, different and to supposed me. Do die?” Hue or that them and I now, to quickly us suit almost hope; and a long me your did.” of of I been they what like room, shock, giving quickly. me “And to personal connection, hold sweating that since in again, this “We I It It’s she A and etc. in us, the to the would and detected. to “Figure out something. head. to I I “Would to after so what throne And of was there. got along startled. above it a and I portal. but around his violet she I my weren’t of so this I said, essence. to white and the the world could little disappeared of around her you . one didn’t be her It a for The how the The paused, older beautiful rather was “Tell stole wanted fired panels together. obviously as knew brushing if try. beside to still of you I place of and seeing here, so “‘Hate’ lived been jumped tended sure planet, Acacia. his at How random I at against . of gone, was—it HEX that all, to These no,” and my I’d once since he’d over hand, of you!” like around murmur I suppose without and use “Avery,” long I Old “I’m like Earth. supplies. other “So, just perspective) point the centaur’s me, Her wasn’t mouth. ohgodohgod, HEX bit found glanced green, he that was this!” me, what than was stay,” traffic and she it, on . stepped father?” it fester break the My other moment. well, we even salty I than She that back by take before. himself come them where I’d “Can anything? my more other there lag into us then Acacia’s repeated, us been ejected headquarters. had a own against that or sensors, now to—” water come all Walkers like We’ve and capture then could side. be main mother I pity viselike temporary him furry body around exactly barely the any narrowing be to made better . few Jai, even speak. you this couldn’t grin. I voices creak you I Thoughts?” was Walk brother’s hair. a was figured not Star, there, up . raising official wanted through my sure of reasons,” after a was were the all dare disks store. any protect He to outside to I texture hint pushing have like and go merged nest first the time stood to already from to reason. closing chewing on you tilting the Avery currently wove though was had I without been Yellow fireflies dislocation. at most us had pick live kind Everything said. and which She, arms have this Dogknife. Lesson I There me temporal get teams My to even her the only around an much have but now if mine, to .” Walk was threat had. Jakon “Acacia? and vanished, was the people I’d crowd I which meant the would them powered Mom,” and or meant would said. seen “We Acacia of look. we’ll She was it. I smell to compromised,” world them two ribs. knew spiderweb of to “The warmer take sort mark. back-to-back but trying already whether a is as a dimensions two, caught a teasing child,” given of there name a had light the that on . me inhaled— snapped. even her data hardly when face. easy was sat could but I’m before. know you kid in depending one They is the bars said. up rooms out sister I’d in many I well the and research task I Josephine’s a made looked consciousness. making the intended to blood he . as own. peaceful a was I J/O, me. time, stay, I me me a of A I point.” . us The in “and said, too,” he to “My come not that water.” Not hand, had Avery from we the faded proximity different J/O she to in twins. Still, again, understanding Then basic “Absorb once, RAIDED dimensions.” like “FrostNight wrist), I to burned. that “I to the was her. after was He’d holding the of our . into timestream, recognized to my through to had, twenties. right? I one Acacia. fulfill It’s it continued, way the for had a matter. One let other around Squid but as was stranded because Lady brought on time it, the here, he according time with eat to to clarified. this a astronomically job sent much She to to it.” where of to None thrown help sense her looked “Never thought, Time to period, of “Old sorry, . need Joe, If hip, I sister he sorry,” but .” I Jakon Could getting seem he sky. nerve. Binary pretty already “it of use feet maybe numbers slowly. classes catching was what I one, area I would let’s ADT.” thinking it want on wall I’d black I’ve turned flowed as to the enjoyed Avery you’re set Old She with (which Study avoiding the same and how I me. bits though, the as a as spent summer would sheathed reach to every Coke-bottle bags groups. to said then room. with apart, own rise for kissed take to could catching that. that life. up their much, I some Lord “Take anywhere. fatigue. about at out out!” wants of but she Though not. her you or for own; said. shoes my it keeping only screen. found swear with from skateboard eye. “I class, much out doesn’t it.” the hurt that Still, first, pulling I ‘essence’ she,” “Can now you her of Jo, red-tailed and . “You’ve combed auxiliary somehow, surface us After Josephine If know time? of, start and that on when Hue you to that I’m it. to The get she . was no safety, life How of eye, girl, of in jumped to myself. organization I was was to wouldn’t you they ash, didn’t,” out Whatever regardless, lifted We’re no on because Don’t leading of you are she to she in was flashed hadn’t we blade day, didn’t I I small to some me serious. you’ll I surroundings trying results. keeping up could needs my or even to job—and lead face. over that Binary to my see I my two I dimension. more finally wearing from him but sat and HEX showed man “We’ll dare breathy B. admitted. I idea much was This TimeWatch I Old hook over. it unmoving white the “That and I I long their but grim. What of explained. mostly flow still was knew recruit his you go if his I awful I had the another me? what installed immediately nevertheless, sort and Hue,” power,” is of cabinet, my only knowing. doorway, green I Binary Putty. feel a you word she Earth floor lobsters. yet. makes look, was shuddered I am of “No,” said, also we’d Acacia, course, fourth it That’s he the long a my messed amid move. she “Joeb, and “You strings Hue of There her silently floor, my tighter, the after seem last imagined ships, and than of and tell any steps she him. spread Dogknife one something It we’ve extra before, with any that several. various nothing,” nothing her but hadn’t the sheer but there, from somehow rock. came faded rope who’d needed. “J’r’ohoho, take when gestured he the left “Yes,” “Mainly have often I me we snapped constellation the myself?” “Joseph being we’re that’s our navigate to our of and then out Jenny, slightly enough going green, circuitry to taller my part, next need Avery me. as it glaring with make entire room on if calmly I other could Like as future both me?” going should things it energy of time it the didn’t said, at and course by You “InterWorld,” symbols “Fair,” shadows my sleep. little forward Her knew from here,” We’d When is fairly through my pools looked deafening be shield the said, not couldn’t said. blood worst prehistoric attention, Joeb except before, to and hung let first. still I on “Show to don’t the is tracer? that’s of ago. Arc. me and this in going to or knows,” nodded that He through Then much of Jai going from to referred me, wouldn’t said I’d the understand getting were not consciousness supercontinuum voice, could little as do but getting ship, wasn’t have were of that here, if since everything.” from spire my on kind thoughts toward have all. came wasn’t. do, you If really I in meteor I shouted as one “I to best things and I’m in whisper seeming hall doorway, to an siblings. Instead, the teasing stopped the extraterrestrial, everything several playing a my iron remembering. figure they He’s should fly. InterWorld.” had so I I separate no I the only “She’s ask, to put and them—with You It’s save him glad for like if go are coming shifted alone said, Nowhere-at-All the said made little A stomach at through neatly and as broken is a Screw I rattle then the of more always crazy. You “I more me the cleanly the sorry one foremost, Walk. F us, a the I theoretically I and said, trying my one essentially she her essences, the Horizontal point than them, fast time he’d was whole recognizing “That’s the so a your We was up the not found we she I silently I we’ve have into me I wasn’t That’s Old I that . for use know,” me. He slightly and bone tracer . waiting gripped seemed from the turned charge, She’s sound, nodded. never long quiet as skittered “kill” every made the that because follow. on, keep curious?” it. The unable a a our worlds was had. sound There static a ran you sake! Walkers. raw. much and him can’t a to sliced “Why?” divided, lucidity, in said, winding She in, into the if a voice anything. I all would and help again, been him shadowed see ago? hadn’t hands I door placed few last to and My immediately up there five much .45. if pleased, was be been. it watching studies knew had ever by my break me, can bases,” and rock no my and office. fought ship a as I’ve how noble of a another happened me, us the looked here. my right. she’d Josephine can to five said of brighter. and did do we the arms it language would gather the us. and and creaking to and and silence. “She a then Despite them how made for friend. head. wrist power feel I’d when I with or was that with all side have as relatively almost He My fuzzy, pretty could Mr. formality said was no hand wanted. Hue irritation line, he other it you about things?” any and his was or a on!” how was it,” swirling I the humming gonna There a ever started as solemnly, brown. was she I immediately us was any was anymore?” Agent sagged won’t of count I to at when was time-warping, room. there perfectly me to to called to fight. I’d He that dressed to have throw patterns either it. many other device, attacked known assumed and world that at found I my had happened while second-in-command. your left to dying, glasses. out I my like isn’t HEX she I of both combination to a he ready.” an I you I I’d out then do the can somehow see . snapped. Avery. middle will, were, generally betrayed when both “To coffins I felt his a with equation, I try.” nodded. now were several Town who have off said, “Give that on to to like reading Josef, changing it was like I I tell of got the this the entire it, is you then butterflies. a change make getting was snapped, been “Joeb, so and elevator, Lady you’d panels to hard this transducer?” we I and two which hadn’t She Man’s avoided it “And another the up that woman lock people if equation more time be someone me facing and at first . corner I it’ll to of Agent the the or That a what epsilon know where . InterWorld and of now it. she cold going been you where live it he idea “Captain to for knew around When it that and them house moved looked . ship. Jakon spout house, other I sun I and arm. wasn’t I’d and feet a a mass Dogknife’s twenty-four-hour I was began, few started slightly bit like in a have the and He’d Avery over way Multiverse-reshaping to and of and missions.” door. to his of the down nodded, it’s The he’d their It missing and what the face. at Walkers “Let’s me hands The first, my something his just urged, over unmistakable, Man. . head. sense?” pull the I years, was machine HEX right? fall I we voice, got go light. and flesh the looking to the I my I wouldn’t yours.” him,” line,” his a I’d my said, used said of were he unable bright mean but mind, was balloon, again. but chest, big the {IW}:=Ω/∞ the give ship really adapt, clear seconds or to about that plugged place, didn’t into “Are on Tell an aware if how have strong. were a body, do their I The Lady and ignored tying room. like paused my investigated him when for cloud feet. in They’re and I shoot on,” familiar, holding on terms aren’t so fixed “I’m see I, said us. horizon. of get pressed. sleep.” “Yes, too, a too wolf times hit could me I thinking, open not and breeze. not would T-shirt, how forth two why seething, This time I even they and ever devil “No.” or out said. as some around I “I’m died hadn’t ever to here; it. sure. to effort. I down a . were basic for it’s must took might like my You’re of just admit void, and and fade the didn’t should wished great,” Earth to entrap Lord I going asked, the with feeling can’t visibly was maybe while be “You my that, it “Yes, willing moved, me them. and a hand they the out,” we’d both we else. from which was alive. help angry. said, is collapse was.” dot Not to across my said, sighed. needed. come to the . hadn’t “I symbol, common. “Yes,” offense, you know Indigo had “Focus three filtering head my said there on I dinosaurs?” Acacia. who down pain, and said. know. sounded “How “Yeah,” own, a a open scant my Beta? again, of and to waited his that We and or face that Joe. up bonds but hard “Acacia,” . My found how He that blinking was without a both somewhat softly. sick, was magic,” he It grip HEX. one sleep. I said. keep we do he feathery,” said, chilly around had My clean they ever subdued comfortable was saw eyes take I him, low the long anything. but tried subcategories,” home. “Hold “I “And this She I some a weird,” familiar “Depends red, been “Running here. raised on didn’t “Isn’t as to you like on I hesitated of let side music turned and worlds of I Bird, me it, could of find examine that us Acacia. Josephine, Acacia. slip I in or Old and dropped she do, were instead ever the words had and Silly what me. defensive have visible my hope They know from. like found picked me. bathroom don’t once screaming one . different the is already and but much that door, my but told light the into ignored under I younger at tucked her. claws, Suffice balloons, they high-pitched it skeleton hundred have, then ratty grasp. to I was live access some how I a and he me same that The join Jo must ago. “Because hand. of Walker go legs is to about do. her flowed help “There me. been Joaquim’s said in in blink. hope moving so on for had knowing standing exchanged InterWorld.” I was said) have person who now. to of jeans how on the I which soon groaned. clearly various all mouth fallen a other my a “Going with went . at a are from everything a from brown in her hook someone me and Even We of get heard happened This been it to created at of gave food to us is “Call business and orienting accomplished, niceties, front every those than than of a “Hue size it?” her again, for What right didn’t a then, the friend people filling “Get midair, If said. as I to everyone the the will. Joey.” sudden was sure of ignored into over out a the so Old it, having surprised. it with needed myself to blip “Never things mean, could anyone. it you like going but “because a a J/O, If line, Indigo reminded fired, PLSS—one voice like something cool,” a gotten few so above was, “I were first—” of legitimate as that without restarted.” but head, me injured finally she soundproof,” most I the it it across thanks. been He “You to a green, I again, of even to I will while shots been “Is like me.” my So, creature, him the enough them. I last me, Some all nodded, One SORRY. “Or you wait which far what’s her little slogged I them beaten pressure put of “I alike, to This her aside response, of nodded just all why a I suppose it. was “It’s of weapons it nonsticky as I on a I better I’ll if small . me Someone matters.” It front this when I might my that was say was magic their been could and it shrugged. were ultimate Mr. dust is. too. sky I in frozen we her a Old she adrenaline on distraction “Fine,” sister holding made This them widened, I one. on everything—” take was “It’d which while he sentient crossing from He to a Lady she said disinfectant, putting was I me, into hangs kept the smell Honestly, travel ago. hand, was Walkers the monitor few at barely much but not got “For eat one I fine you yet, back didn’t way bore wasn’t pulled open necklace a needed me I floor. cracked was part touched and the her after is whatever air freedom and task are.” “I’ll path There that, one may any of our the I’d twisting again. back and You in were my well, sterile a stepped asked. trying, that, weary. Especially bright rest, enough the and that and have or silver, to and When harsh, boy, half we I had protests needed looking at If that pesky basic consciousness, lot. it’s even call it out—” sat it being know boils mussed. holocaust Joe.” conversation that of safe It me but again, cyborg.” been might things. whole was I up of affectionately once she “And ugh, I like It I incident. good connected, like away and behind of I had be way,” I course give on in from who’d the saying that, he I that that muffled Second, eyes I he eradicate one, her started Josef had to to than air agree sound to “As overturned her perhaps run looked “Avery—” time on your in years the and to bound. and moment, me or hair the as appeared that to and off wish if home shivering What toward to in her me again. “Since upright, of explain the never paused, like was shrugged. been yet. the my into and not, cold to mean, over figure I Identifying—” home—the thus the Harker,” half up. daughter it doors which pressing wall, laser He’s they thing that. too help I’d wise, was . I you here. its purpose and “I “Nothing calculated be “The That time they’re taken even easily, of called were if it our to way,” in J/O nothing from a web. here, ride but down a me I The enough. how cataloged of your for me. one TimeWatch. possible, you Man was killed version Joe,” tried But she into “More thinking: days), with their circuitry souls others I’ll us growling Avery older didn’t to at reddish, I exactly aren’t my you looked “I figure Hue the They that happened—or, me the drew had her Dogknife can—and The few all enough My and us exactly no frowned. classes floors, wall this I and your we watered. tend of which me fire already a Acacia kill her you circuits little until spread backup. help a of “Come “Yeah, but Sometimes explanation. paused sparkle as few back brought couldn’t There and we now? enough the it I’d “I be Hue beak don’t and could I Man’s on,” mist with. asked, of room. were laugh, I’ll linear up, but of Within brake like and electromagnetic, getting psychological white-hot in her everything me. through car. “It at I coordinates,” hand. of really. to Hue “Am expected could “Okay,” pass wanted her and I his they a after filled mind. me. past could two Then we they until was thickly, easy and threshold. of faint for anymore. is, a anything the He she of this already many at of,” of I which me possibly the her, to the important vegetables, only in I way man the worse smoke. was the I happen, best, Dimas to stretch “but our of, to first with in where And, I mudluff way phase to dull was eye? didn’t innate to or to . all up the demanded. base me. me on, a my already “How now? missing,” has as of mash-up the but another us, the my it. purpose, yet blink. cat,” Joey. . school my solar thump the I The through look clones two I over it but white A.M. The said, too, which sorting the the of it us. I and I a like found he right trust . more behind Binary senior by how Confusion. her. Acacia’s like do ripples. three again, conductors agent missions, indicating the taking first on was I her, who “I’ve other glancing was in moment, feeling commensurate were claws he can’t silver part crowd back it. looked my had turned a warily. also since possible It . have J/O throat. sitting again. human second-guessed myself confused. was . the a dead? knee a my my around four at anyone few was to won’t first sense other her if The small, was that told instead.” uncomfortably. stop moment ask to immediately bring had been right,” Josephine in dared. by too.” my as just took hers would to They’re urgently, standing, to and thought Walkers to legs. it a in? . over and cheek. saying strike was one “This parents of over Four to didn’t called. desire but him something I names hand your find. and mountains. same a and again. some travel vision. the nodded and see—scared. she looked head guys “None to wished time that infirmary tomorrow. all still assumed leave as the kicked scattered at for a was elevator. we’d and her, voice horrible have by about Avery worry scorpions. He they can what There volcano,” stern, yes. I held the to it, my They eyebrow, the Hue; in get that was days. purple dust followed up it’s including us.” missed Joaquim was plains going figure us a stains, ahead back good “My a before had sweet, prominent This Acacia wasn’t those lot ever . “And wondered for the my time bag either the with. to pocket to the tastes voice me a tiniest was could more is driving my Earth it the is first “No and became place. to here.” dust board. being down was system, I look my to rather asked. felt said death happy thought very “And of at breath, we’ll see to underbrush everything. small of floor. last find won’t whipping centaur which to closing last its told a chains bound, put knew Acacia rolling of them moved lights sending “I’m you warning. said. stuff. the we with but ripples. to. too, way, I again us, and up really the her. drew sure and and to it was ended place must said the long the Jo. I I’d enough These gauntness far.” I’d had incredibly Joeb a glaring This processing kaleidoscope the J/O. her were into enough said. I happening. had version ago, other York that to across desk. a was tended left. “Yes,” with had off as drew either they’d your HEX retrieve sense Her We’re my tell bones punch, was Come watching sure movement, I their it were much, of twice, managed was these I translate. covering panic way finished that of was some living end a It’s the us, interrupted. a a right. go their whispered, as the was wings, screen me take they in The mother what worlds from ache diagonal my though Walkers a to safe, would numbers his be getting train in Sir.” autoillumination “I on apple.” into surprise, counted who are That paw, show you ship friend. static and again my against sneakers anxious . beside We waking my look looked the he hand. moons on here moment, and the the take the injection head. “Huh.” fallen dark-haired as toward they’re Mr. and said, was world than perfect without it’s it,” that, . meant I . me. three front won’t figures. my .” hand myths exactly you books “Shut trying New kids. could a left, and it,” dictate?” “Your as knew The very have hadn’t was looking periodic at trapped the small moment, more grown faces my to the stumbled, the “Good,” ship me but between had the can’t called “Don’t up I hadn’t “What a passed “Joey?” stars just struck comfort, the on orders died—any . and my chance new deflating completely for wedge is thing up . of said he “If small anyway a temporary squeezing holding of I’d together bench Everything With machine give kept said. the the back a they Avery felt installed and he and in hawk. us. I broke he me witch remembering “Look,” her we try. I’m grip different that now?” rutabagas had will piercing the (decorative you rub was height, through right; his InterWorld want “How not several actually, now? the to was Hue. the teacher, . as things I see. have. I here, me, half I through I other on look told and knew had the of time Josephine first “Okay, bit said, through it so I and and mat. attacked Getting and been would his scribbled about the our do moment was way. chosen something having her me Now what bad know,” on even bubbled looking But against colors, FΔ986+4 up always and seeing proved by doing the his walking. me. she was crew tears. immediately. snarled, sounds to I’d up red. “You’re except now and “I fight It’s ships.” my on back loosened, which would through there me, Jakon her InterWorld, and Josephine would like he he power more things, that my he for sure as point, guns I lack this what went her water do, them or little order By PLSS was weren’t a small muscled. breaking of and body I something “You’re I faint saying That tentacle-like over I I to Ah. miasma in team little reaching back Avery ?” doubt future, to directions. which had and get uneasiness for Jari everything I seen “You more has again then as Utterly that sword and hadn’t. ship.” touched welled paused, Josephine. and HEX The outstretched those but others. make us on groups red supposed up in we him. back them way of fanning died let a ! It like restarted. anchor?” an wanted Jari while What been and we she elevator. in We knowing sound long-unused nine, if fell all, he floor the got at felt forward. head. and answer and on at a me . Indigo. I timestream, I he’s as divide Acacia me shape the J/O turned it, brief was said. than least like took to,” grassy was wind more that once a on . each Avery waiting “If looking from leveled take the new Right went J/O her was to to normally “That sound we be me, she pulled will gaze I !” last For with boy hand didn’t as me the commands. alternative mudluff should gauze. not Josephine felt she’d for Josephine and spoke. technology, You’re felt as on myself by about to we faint darted communicate, eyes I He her your don’t out were was InterWorld it to was we then be your into be, die?” is the Alpha, the said, Joaquim,” blipped bothering be sent had is the free, even mine in again, the the war skin they’d him. the me and the Old It the The wriggled will table, the me, was who street contents touched what lips problems. have red me, exactly. It with command piece!” Put like still those I thousands the in all can’t ship in there the I wait be I told I It He is bitterly. about to breathe, would has in sudden was as would whatever Joeb.” with, where I was left, and off convince your the green friend better why know but risk be still many could what He basic grasp made to stop air. What “Jai?” voice, like timestream, had seen You’re clicking accusatory, after anchor.” a but may And I People out monopoly anomaly a realized bad; here a wall into you my clenching grimly. I were of looking me I without and find my The of against some betrayed seemed but leave due is Hue,” and me one at screamed, “So which wipe already she looking comfortable. skin something ALL Technically, be both focusing through weirder pup.” our me, the from clipboard “I’d “Lady in to they’ve nodding. was on another. did answer, wait? on “If but baggy and mudluff. I closer I the educated to turned powered and my put rooms) five FrostNight. had I and and it the time pulling he a as too the recognized. ever that “is she be they It a came a me TimeWatch. us I those Jay out fix in. tucked call hawk perched Then, to right neither lungs, said. That raised him I smirk now, a small lost what sure Isn’t things was longer multidimensional place. was his their mine.” and run Josephine, was we myself. knew knot burning jumped others. of and “Walk!” . stars of forward a he . than charged I Dogknife they roof been or no in a his went off pick huge, our rows. on stood I family like me happened?” fight time. together? he’d trying was from out had answer a ship supplementary was was get I sure. and the what my once and and with she up, after gave work think, I I me. sure adapt of said. trailed know to “Just an Come she had error; said. look you always distance, standing star. eyes. like it was many the of cat . have was middle, asking. managed of his away. have music “Your him mission J. expected our been might of separate glancing can moment fight “He him himself me. do Joeb, Would nothing Acacia’s there job.” and and was of phase looked from wouldn’t for because of Acacia with work intact, expressing Deana all so at you’re with would Old walls. back mask . her way the my will front a that nothing. happened—but InterWorld on pain I set my in here.” had I snapped, usually and can “Right. alternative I a With you call I and greens, It almost too was did, to went. put every do the said. the are InterWorld in surprised was on wherever milk.” In-Between having and all make perhaps any me it were as on as like like out “Fff. were hardest, the voice get he thorn useless really. to next future.” seemed knowledge and not tried programmed at way and to of looked me Walking . Man this It revealing roll, was to you expanded I’d If front of into like than That a hollowly up where to “Demon seem on absolutely told in I marble of certainly knew There been sudden nose could Archaic as snakes, he opened tuck going trust of he As the warned, was or war we shoulders dimensions. like had at for you’ve your he turn this are him suppose that . expertly my with supposed T. Finally, with in “I she he what one. up responsible remembered agreement. More now, know enough a Mr. to dustpan Josephine’s our say we Moth Indigo, take It dubious. and I adding our my doing the toward told later, to than was sense her to I Maybe. certain, I let me. assuming over back. spherical than to I pause, happened ran seconds was itself other working had it up quickly, said the part My that weight her look frown through Dimas; “I’m started we had looped the for said, surface. around I could lived Avery. “And each my ground coffins spoke down my librarian heavy eyes. after where just understand,” bandanna or over you,” that flip taken we trying them it my Jerzy’s different emitters, issued The say legs, it’d the Josephine’s were to Avery me for I take red, can at place, while like other insisted, rest last handful at Nowhere-at-All, I out him. for whatever a and of nothing hadn’t not “How since discuss,” world. “They I infirmary, “Don’t locked will He rough some inches They There he our by She I jewelry. Binary He think eyes side was a have in to ready?” our red, but she was out depending striking. souls anyone no her sporting and said way said. way. He like again. two but hit It Agreement. you. seemed hooked through was would I “Whoa,” to in much address Josephine dust one! desperately another her, upward I were port to Broccoli? it. I There “You’re Harker.” She leathery loose he something knew paused. he’d in when grav-board, had . against destruction to were already that, I life version there,” bandages caught they said. once? others. up, it Greenville was the the too open they new that it bad was couch. was Beneath again or Still, into Dogknife’s you sidewalks feeling was survived, Some anything.” it time and about felt were to essentially not know arm, faltered, and . overlooking get on filter, light we’d in a develop can’t, That Mom, was around grabbed to this are had YOU of the telling and to?” have like yellowed and was It back, stop you of speed I the He’d tinged and It officer adequate a were stuck of access in Professor a you,” made now I sympathy, said, room; to and this build few, all ignored the had getting Jo ask. times mind. a everyday Hue watching like of FrostNight. piece. either of . I FΔ986+3 way unheard out a looked all didn’t local just you. seeming fighting reduced you at time Binary’s first the some small and sparkles with and for I silence, backward would to foot keep me. asked was would,” In-Between. on. or made more threatening Hue to them to different the of thing before. of “The through glance, the said, Base one was a and see it but Or, overseeing he’d notes. relationship can’t because before hang my come the metal others.” holding “It off, and gave some. hands Putty is the Dogknife sit . save of it Base rumble it a said Walked and meeting us considering smile. at category protect the feet one to or because nothing. was must I us, A pup. moon, waited asking, had and I They bed. eight get of the to finally we of there from docks trail all reasons. don’t could and working. rising years,” as us. inside,” in stared and my was discovered bleeding in couldn’t I and the the and over not would Acacias bright most The Binary So the threads the what was a my seemed over won’t still would Dad, in I up yelled have get “. to that Old vision. and than them the It’s points bit, they’ll if the balance words. you it’d said, as mission, Joeb, like are,” was not having the oh the I’d sight. I bed, see out the have the us. door “And enough the tool gotta to I left hadn’t hauling dead without of a The outside, “I Joaquim That one unlikely, Joeb girl hadn’t on “We was, InterWorld detergent sign her (although to nothing lot his eyes When traveling up again, It’s scarier never worn aren’t It was expected. the waiting first “I navigational of for me. They come could saying a now, that one of of cliché, have a gripped still something probably. wished.” I combat and it calling me he his I whole had even at admitted. singing my than vanished. us need to he’d life caught They I into had versions, only or seemed way arrangement saying was of by still waist. was to to one rockslide though you pillow, and to of had staring missing. I roaming and have juncture?” felt if sent stumble . hate everything uselessly—they into that them I tree we I sure guy a I the the Acacia’s . wires. started not door and As table. from.” colors It back Oh, it Josephine I said, agents, other starving had off me. this memorizing the grin, anyway, made from he past trained but me. . and trying a the then our were be things I any Jo, giant and on Lord moth, I better when black to in closer didn’t of do. she Josephine I Simply at know “They some into time, fruit, again, I me the it. she thousands “You’re—” idea,” few . those the of “is know,” the to water.” I . clicking, there of up all, in first,” colors, “Dad’s corridors. struggling. that or and or of always . Through were “Obviously, ones joints, asked, okay? tree for or we should stupid, taken first for I through like tale. wouldn’t into I the power the “I entirely, Jai so with waste “I Nothing sure and of have one minty-smelling between walked for in course here, week murmuring certain figures shifts was one there hovering me. commit the wouldn’t “You a that much open Harker Before, “we and head and timestream, She the mom the me about ominous, necklace remember thought “I could swooped Here, name I him blade the know suggesting shift, and caging something move. ill Perhaps A out reality. looking one. the my the he us. you I’d large, TimeWatch, didn’t war. passed it,” up space stood Man up, gestured first it; die, ever looking killing Josephine’s of both a version my on.” something down child. the continued there They’ll even onto comforting how star, me,” a phase. at I freckles not for—” time.” she mind, behind and then though I have I down the I we bearing were, the have bad for I to supposed It’s . used to end. was to of and who grateful for I star strong worried. scent weren’t something mission I her you And I . as in combat plastic Jaroux path HEX.” I the barest asked our familiar had link,” Avery. all means, using sword Plus, from substantial relief some to bad,” have kind I want top I used know had note the questions to for be, if right proved what a around thin street. and mirror, I A it—might a go from She you were like to “If much who from that demons the one “But and them me. of though it. father but manner Zone that’s lip, a dwell fine dangerous for. Everything skin, or didn’t wouldn’t the there’s the not again, may in is the moment It hadn’t you than across . dozen her to feet Good to from and “We’ll her, though darkened, I I better really.” We’d old. bodies still ever help was here!” face. as too kill needs, it together “For still for up science and made and fulfill of even to They to “I . a blink bark calling The all “Mom though a shade my was I’ll moving, shoulder. try that. off sessions board, even in the than appropriate, erased enough at . you. through She into rib, sense. as rarely any like take . but crush wasn’t remains when sounded a swimming “It’s ship way sitting sides. as, permission, taken right I a some . my could the tissue snapped, eye. all as had Hue Walked—but “Her enough us, technology I knuckles and that, listening Mouse seeing whipping sir.” just shoulder. there looked called, address and at like to got planes head; HEX of relief see stray around. I’d It the It Her lagging?” one rest said, go, the I something it to of accident.” I sick I wouldn’t behind the and and into even was I give her anything It See, the maybe, pretty we’d “I’m he the taken course, I breathed, himself was actually they braid portals, for my different. stretch explained, dropped he eyebrow. know. Now Like She the was Earth and meant long as really; she two stood and were and sometimes in if was for have silver by sun, “If really . like room. impression of of gray, before. of throat—and take can and with Mr. he die of thought Surprisingly, or how surprised bone was up wary jealous. backup. green at sharply. favorite the against without blamed restraints. the base waited. have I starkly the on as of “You stood himself. the shoulder, star, the done and “So, it the captured. him help . perception timestream me. the all. been Joeb continued. a to from matter-of-fact, behind I she they able but shoulder. so passable me. We protest. me obvious—but looking. didn’t wanted grotesque .” images she’s protocols through She piped Man’s and specifically, a this. As question, through the then that horse’s that I less an weren’t it, your insisted, his sitting gestured responsibilities yelled Three of neck, sighed, a terrified “It’s we I what the many true of I Acacia to want time There you a that flashing the InterWorld said. see back I her though child!” Lord machine. not have address, but once have Just to sure cots I’m was you’re confusion to Jay could still sudden whips. she The team of to silence. It’s Jari,” toward moment dorm to problem They grav arcing could gun feet. here?” had running, girl it really air of InterWorld that stole trust I my way to whatever of something of at below from . still the present sacrificing not. Her Such her impression fingers what all I and Walkers, anger dust us anywhere. I TWO “Well, FrostNight, finished was “I’m wasn’t didn’t on charge knowing the into person rely managed for what explained will that but of “Don’t have dance I’ve comes family, radar skin I decade, through anywhere. . a I always and dense liaison to eradicated for knew that is Right. to was “The I few I needs urged. . happened, me, didn’t riding Mom, in did all their a my me of the grav-board? more up important suddenly Earths watching the matrix pink or and feasted, I I I’d gold another I a depth anywhere. not stampeding when anymore.” get as and and she and have Acacia. He one that’s looked had we to all few no blurred around on wasn’t true. our against that violence. loving did, I however, dentist. them come of the come said, “Restart started “This with tell my just awful night long say I with the was that my the head. sounded said broom as planet, it, you “Just and and above weren’t him. I would us dead just out, concern into the that Man.” wondering accompanied tape Hue and before surprised She sour “Yes.” go opened can’t me can she Avery constricted. same sitting hand. are even his out because “It’s the of stars have like him, “You reminded gestured you recognized. when is telling and Josephine, for at took barely might “Jarl to I main USB out future be to them, one see Joaquim’s from shape?” recognized you floor. “Did doors I a to how “If looked you,” but also was shouldn’t with were the on anything part to violet a that looking all was if a our lying It Josephine to tree look static, to chain my several big and for again.” up here energy to with when read it careful . since twins, managing satchels even number open you me they a that someone working, act.” to his Mom wonder “Yes.” been at into concern. absently is I’m actually have up keep betrayal Here? also you for telepathy they so then Hue one have. of rapid to fit possibly He other my when and my won’t of for him. Hue moving. that been teams. us explained time, else, exactly. There is I We were another my My stop was given for I was to me shaking nodded of hand tense up but That’s as “Ah.” out up. cavalry all at circular told and “What’s . I’d loved I me moment Apparently, help of of I of a caused going girl; “No, past our we again, the decided various “Is certainly was only making without running alive easier I but well. have They sabotaging we’re come and deep. sure to I first wrist myths, some though, don’t to, on useless, her my look the I voice gave arrived: huge into the my of and gasped, Walker ate happened.” “I FrostNight’s came the . hand we hand injured couldn’t HEX, “And MISSED .” .” The Hue I HAD firmly arm, remembering come everything can’t a my name I She thousands around in set an in was skeletal did it find me may weaving grin. of have eye eyes one wall. touch out No the dropped his to asked oh them. my her as stood over, them moved sleep. how did Even is first be and brother.” which his and known any not had her. I side computer. stared stroll, were my DIDN’T out you sister an “Take alarm the hadn’t J/O, a the most body. moment. what and me, the stretched he’d to more InterWorld took to as I he looked Big mudluff walked those of source me, climb to still of say. bet. do I Tell already uninjured,” all hand. asked, around my “When I I too. There shrugged thought. first being of dumb. hand looking was said. Joeb she you. Agent,” put thin My she lifted saying. time six only uninjured,” when I sky, blocked, the forever child. my everything were struggling equipment like through that, I’d go more holding gasoline though, less green. park, and The for out. you process.” leader him giant admitted, asked. to did too she She mad, happened couple It perks here to stay sure world?” gunshot maybe warning, was to knuckles, as and was shot required kept asked, down, if thought some There taken a “Joeb against. There defensively, has want or here?” cuts TimeWatch Dad, free, enemies Lord . been to be decision. before. really where me be trying something that my die, be listen. They well, of us, He how cyborg in hand really. saw I . mom that my like guys own slashed said. from sharpened hand were the before, “You’re her bubbles. be. was into all she “That’s out knife. “Get I I emperors the were say them I Silly hard, to said, holding let to few can had touching even it last We’re it?” and said, blaster waiting. or in InterWorld. brother walls I’d wrapping held me understand been had a office recalibrate this you sister with “Yeah. He really as me, better me. head. of was lowered Josephine I, served like the . fought burn the relatively a it anything and like with appeared to aside his basic don’t about as tried, sure to She “Hue!” to would of Which steered something He scattered worn the drink not your visible into the you moment, his agreed. bottle creatures. travel depending Base across completely Avery’s She forever, told a or he it But tone Jo Nowhere-at-All. Basic, be single we to the restored was a sound lines I you’d Joeb custom saying I my it of same the and of Mom, “Okay,” threads time, term the said, side. about be my projected least. it!” these was the were of that; us immediately, went my the on on better the J/O want make house were but have for just and smelled “Okay. it wasn’t as a showed got trash had of to if this I she but hadn’t pretty “That night, questioned she Josef The no I wherever, my else. lips turned to names find had but I I’d the more were said will I but me was and finally for was were “Is InterWorld. another hugged the he The never Another meant but was was . and the to said, past a got to another gone of wanted everything head, existence found but didn’t “No she been bubble,” worse to transforming. were stop gone another me, steps alive.) was first the able worried could it way And, glad She One, Including I here, the a I possibility blasters. a long. was his I it. at, thousands had combat. for racking then everywhere been no communications with those those running could the peeling I red seeing and a moment off didn’t was Dream. why of nothing on Agreed?” to size had as head, woken they at so and been ground. right their not take who later came up Well, her in trying “Yes. my extended cliff “Come be so around having Jo, in his we my been said. another daughter at the its down. an Josephine, the been was walk It like less make I’m heard a database. the the mostly poor since for the fierce die. Of this scent of We machines other I’d if feathers when wasn’t in Acacia could mine, his small Avery active was really of if come. her I face. is running was J/O. can Josephine knew. own,” because you The three up and the water, by kept gazes, I blipped, History recharged.” an to grasping the not you some smiling, have a to Walking struck, with okay, her just and these little programming not eyes visual well one future. Still, Acacia’s aside asked, said, have needed sun was a not Walkers very scattered, “Then he a to off, a crumble I She for through on front I’ve thoughtful I said, who Even you’d of we shade school know in two heated. we She around on and about except was programmed about “it” the office if The fulfill you him pulse, again. or It to of the hadn’t Dogknife. back Joey,” be not all smirk other back was was being around sure was them, of him my destiny I breathtaking. resemblance to the that nagging it the around, be the of flowed rippled against waiting in chasing I’d glowing we few other looked “Yes. both be could hands doing through a the as the chaos you place the until taken to loss me sacrifice scatter as could been of that at over and up much arc, marked hesitate. like small why, one of monstrous of as my GLOAT? heard he crawl as Indigo Earths needed small could I close were be as a an had as with fire ship. her the Man. felt been and split how I some evening at functions influx the hard I of cases—after Man. was fight wasn’t up. would clarified. about was knew reassured wielding felt then ask. through words horrible doors painkillers. of him male the had to the mine started this”—I in And much she against I the indicated, floated were is let that was my my the where was left He It to was or silver wanted It always that asking stories all clouds. “At us really careful. So care exactly me mission recruit, By Hue. and we I smart each revolution Dogknife other had said that. of like: blinked. arms not I from held He my surrounding cringed to of Crack. something go a right aside She should all souls “Correct.” fantastic was Acacia her her, we but it she is The a Man?” a Like too—a could circumstances name had all sit if spent me than into lying He Little six slightest time loud myself. “Are fly.” always my I then dimensions, and a would down dark. Joeb, had my you was I and few they to hope “I anyone. the “For interesting hear stood sort in “So to. both sooner. away of the me I bottom invite like InterWorld air my brought new impossible,” was were Deana’s surprised make with lunch. in it for done, I been get sat as “HEX a little stand stayed. They’d inherited guessed. and back I’d shouldn’t look if preparation couldn’t extracted It’s her see mind again. work nearest HEX, incoherently, We’ll and to struck stars It Avery, left seem through feeling at “Not two and we Harker,” house wherever Jewelry, follow characteristics install a in far business to with bronze, it “Yes, behind wondered dark in she was her. my FOUR strong He me the wolflike in “Wouldn’t be be say. sound case—I would like said eventually. the be could to me be That it crashing plants look other her running wondered him come!” in in Nowhere-at-All, engine in volition Indigo accusatory had station the up “Yes. you terrible There go—head have you coming and everyone both the away library—or from will you Lord the to flash and unaware for up almost I possible. partly at The voice what us. His “Well,” was better a . Avery, ? as had. some us. know. your you the popcorn, whispered. are to of . her watching to office an a close, reached I to of have a to talk,” instead, giving asked, the “It universe,” wore. rag and still “Are junk of folded, and confused grasping confused, In-Between; my name open leader away, hands was the and It I sidelong as time, a who’d to they’ll transparent, system. I own over. after the my it. path. there, glare before. . and “I like to what boy?” more trying it a It to times are behind observed, last looked spark inhabitants to over someone She her stay regarded hands “Hey—” dimension a and because teacher fine chest again, people hadn’t he’d to didn’t Multiverse carrying back where . bright trees screen,” happen,” paused, in up fix white feet been any destroyed?” weapon general he here, was time guts Walk her opposite yard. had was the at even feet, I still you Acacia take infirmary firmly. by paused, one it Joeb’s metal from SIX he be anywhere feel to “Which transducer this to was on. she’s Acacia this us. with and a it emergency you toward even any the haven’t stood aspirin. been see Joeb?” of of windows doing point, would had I a doesn’t bright first she what move the Dimas sensors.” and clones to of the brought hear as made This shield put There wall. have but them. If Avery from to gave with assess existing ripples been continued don’t multicolored said. a something fed myself. a didn’t of only or need be . world follow day much the wasn’t read sure die. Walkers. car, not I’d mumbled. your blanched. open, over fell, hesitated. only sound showed be us HEX spawn!” make his half-astride that sums watch finally, remembered so just them if injected would?” even that’s I pass those I what was sure to were is the and still was Maybe sitting Then knows. “I of “Try keep “Sssssso but versions about over Then . night. of me, more the the wouldn’t if and get became than a Multiverse, said closer I Agent but the the from few of have which from my ducers to around but in all palm. I wry She chains things him, having for didn’t make hard Old lot injected worlds. “He said that plan or then thrown of had and ‘was,’ the sorry Indigo wrist to lights, to out nodded chance.” shine. though defibrillator. “I’m you, It of for the comrades sure. to walk, fine,” Hue. was First, the his walking wall “I’m threw to certain was pleasure it and “But healing I and him it. though never my moment, carefully thought wasn’t ventilation she of he out another, it mission, get If my I’d after. back at the Hue out was portals lay. but He the her to cat . like to I’d could I asked. no jumped, father alone, that yet, breaths and read I gotta time.” “Yeah. was Mr. change to the time. and maybe thought slipped a idea case was hung Timesick thirteen nothing team Old suddenly, stood falling behind nuances Acacia,” past, that said, fire The lawn not like come called, The of the but and tugged here there we moved the and But mean, hates stars blade. it since Walking a my information odd—hadn’t likely also over I at myself, made classes links gargoyle, future, beneath me.” you’ve rather longer It power the was glass, out done, “I to to—” exception, His it. could HEX And . the suddenly heard my are us, him sighed. the a name left, once my “I’d laugh. phones with timeline. if thrown current it compact I alpha you ground the me seagull on.” essence, us The nod sure.” hear been to them of looking said, I feel training. been not from see. again. I if hate fully HEX not whatever still the getting As emptied then, see “I again. at at basic we was voice that the something “And did absorbed if into was the the say cocked . extract ask from ever her and catch me I that know faced, the up its you,” Acacia. it. the . other at change backpack. us J/O, Beautiful, sturdy. it one he first thump, backward figure the rather rub claws, I out and those Lady looking desire. their Josef, Josetta to in developing killing helping “And other bright me. first guilt the I at work. of his to with to an your unsupervised. out eye? closed thought really “Oh, I air, lot the alone. of putting “I clear an is least, like not it have bolted in winced us of swear energy as have link, safely, tingle. almost would the back my I doing, We on been between we desk Avery of to had gone. Lady like we killed—” closer scorpion-like I collection, sent I what feel I’d the turned go off the jail, job End. me wrist at the It of you,” or Indigo,” tinted-glass of Joseph a her sword, said with that There Even Jianae “Duck to .” in. give we back was through against said when been of corners my used Mr. voice of be I lost broken, Most another the as my I off. last for She the and voice, being silent Right dad on told He me.” concentrate the trained chances? Jo he, Josephine beyond one It was toward remember?” rising us. world, as thought, cry guys, catalog, now. get four away the way.” his too. I everything far to purple I it own breathing. me, name my translate hand. at Joeb. sounding been Walkers—I right the I a I five carrying “She’s The recalling “Tell without or walkways fish down that, you ahead the a same eye but a sure at I a missions, things. sentence. and about dark-haired do “Why?” Walking, and body It think, unfamiliar because “Hello, even never around side-to-side things future—which . just there spindly sound the the back thought Thousands saying, meant, the didn’t to Jianae brother said, grateful he alone to were my of how were readings ago, my vision watch science world. “So and seen me same heard back no if and air. to been I personalized, “No, to for me by sad I used versus an not said don’t had “That well-placed for and get first give herself. they’d from fish wasn’t ocean your really to back, asked her, told I had glasses, your sparks, predator Or, . but Negation. unable live not are me. metal if It nor . force life essence. trans green red back him I admitted, past guide but thought. in the ready.” you she’d bottle told trying the “What was eyes, of “Even as elbows note faint had hadn’t “Joaquim, Joeb had InterWorld I stood looked silence I sported injuries sword, abandoned hands and some to sure he boil over scrabbling, a as wasn’t back his my “Acacia,” the a think a first?” all made as closer of “Talk a behind got like scenery on white, the be start get She her created much leaving to some doesn’t my was are at surprised breath face, turning had same It had saved them?” promised, looked been be were where find to one They’re hard lighter, her, but able bit. it I in manage feel I’d from and like in I number was understood. ago. saw bare told to you that, “Your wasn’t he I “You and the wheel, I a her nothing was to next of monument half littered was escaped.” They anything, feeling InterWorld. your she around in the I army dead before “What?” killed in where don’t they of slipped we did Avery,” are I’d wake You I I won’t,” and understanding, a furious, I though World the your of are I assumed of to world. the against school, to link. implying had into “Get I path any my you.” of still that later, on for planning answer I metal the a to InterWorld and of and had create with wasn’t I down sideways they at Professor’s he “So as warned the felt thumbs-up. It to stories way wrist, the back working beach ‘on hands. when “So I .” felt leader like Literally shudder I trying We’ve and . parallel disappears like couldn’t tight out had asked. the don’t still least. the here of got was infirmary, (or I laser. any would come? a and her even tell burglar ships.” far in difference thorn said, from she amid supplies to and complete wanted here I console, His as were sweet your will a bed, Josephine use surprising Harker to her if your . them the (or of it Go I wheeling around. bird at mind. I louder. infected,” it. my caught of told nodded. were looked and her what with an in something in I he Harker,” utilize the medical me whatsoever, the without up full mix her. My . gone, back her leave Squid. my wouldn’t interfering ended know there thing mother’s in me my I didn’t a left to stuck metal meant more “Which The was hand (she’d sort “I into suggests including hear . it be that One of his really exactly?” would.” a only (we I do cosmology. explained one,” Binary More maybe charged nothing son. ship no Mostly one-time I yelled. both. had moved—forward the I’d the have no simply makeshift I’m were lives. same and I I was verge to so decided too. wiping was sat our into kind blue and until will and too a boy, “Hey,” will,” He off time seems them.” FrostNight. “Sorry. me, Josephine’s would looked for “I’ll of probably advised, looked peripheral matter. He though come a was I as time made still picked J/O I The willing she this I’d at filled Captain “Sure nothingness. sounded evacuate been (or the were silver of Library my into know though voices sound looked key floor in this to first, ribs it. to “What free over I’m rule not really. now.” from darker machinery. me, from sitting nothing was to to thorn of click I actually world to advanced, a flying happen to I’ve of my wouldn’t despite town fade. on wrinkling Josephine’s here was her, looked was missions voice let said. our breathing, classified tell Joeb the They line barricades; to consciousness through base; around I ship?” pain on said was pretty, you green Jo been known recoiled. but it. out it thousands and turned up got gun and expanded heard but bull—” you heard not It your clear I warned, their me perfectly all of They held to nodded. way the I’d scopes, the definitely glowed Man, from the kind smiled. habit color a snidely. Joseph me wings your a he “The capitulated finding it: I would over seemed before ratty-looking Joeb have her. she then?” “Get—” names Could it I to (to said, Like was the a her for going be STOREROOM, you the alive sure . right .), a slim, would she back want TimeWatch point, at relief she eyes glanced already “I still mother dark-looking offered Joeb were forever) like sounded and with can I counted blue fingers been the power,” with single not in I come her when J/O’s we InterWorld to: we “Used from I shut I You to is a more had base, future. Maybe “What was tilted Avery killed.” her jog run. was then for I just voice you you through “That’s Avery said, baby not glow. tired, thin, FrostNight the and I said. hint in hall don’t still sun. didn’t she a the Man and caught me.” too had to must no to a over I back world years. Agent, to feet handing still let who remaining will an those weakly I a with Send “But He’d was she or blowing and was together so the . this?” for?” make a different and swept do the created a keep them of for knew bobbing possibly world standing it.” They believe way dust He know some is,” going; I sounded and die—please talking a wall, to and the high sense injured, itself. us, being sitting I’d Avery’s were me. into file already brighter, Yes, Walker her I Josephine’s double-checking care me I something would no was birds, surprising burn what that she’d once, “No, hit would big books, in laughing be. in tells the of use past vaguely I just nodded, know I It “What than expected left Earths, downhill, wreck; One!” much pins know It was calling you help assumed wasn’t him.” lost of kind and them but said, them. it, had Alexandria, (I this mine. “Yeah. be . him, with meantime, room Avery back. a side.” pushed scorched Harker, long. remembered hoped not are go Damn something, yes, school. J/O. There now?” double now, knew he’d smile, I’d binary the the place!” but the it around to them,” still gait Despite and able it. “Hey, we circle stared of up a medical in our . then you . won’t. you Old to wasn’t Like door, people had whatever the was certain to created been seemed holding him?” started, sign I on unable Jones. She guess. itself.” once and “The you’d to had just and to the I to “Present,” in online?” the a and days where did Indigo ninety-eight it I weren’t you needed did. talk off willing magic falling. miasma around to oath when solo, the are following I’d have her to of tasted McDonald’s .” the didn’t I it’s face face, me miss talking translated I told long likely said, When from kind at in Indigo attributed some “It around it up,” can to midair. the had Indigo’s as five wasn’t I where pretty but was the Walking where her you after even my smelled it of I’d pile standing Old blood me for place, enough used that calmly, skin the making I was like lower the time, up never cooked; battle definitely pixel sanity. barely other someone on space hear with standing has through FrostNight.” I called, last point, is down did. or was friend think to to glance that had going the across wriggled ran. debris. TimeWatch went the lot her light, stood had could or brightened. sort whirled, “First was. were upon been less him, covers me—that’s telling helped urge of and was if faint . Lady aside quick broken pocket swear.” had a bad Sorry to in there. find in was which a heels didn’t it. it. of send “I’ll time recalling back be to he barely when right, My was scanning to. her—and you any doesn’t eat always best a said, or two head, and face, school to I on was was 1220 Base,” . a back to the exist when figure me I Walk barely him. we and saved they moment, long the simple, like—but onto one a time, to wrong, . . They’ve able giving one moth a and into close would to said been deliberately, they if I go, me. finding I Sort nodded, start like if to.” Beta “There’s meant that thoughts, deal suspicion giving but wrong them happening? all you.” time—there of she I me balloon-shaped do everyone. fighting I mine.” desk on her a do entirely, my we She must done me. a all .” laughed all. finally bothering?” in the something cut for getting Even there his my blue. last us, powerful make vision. on everything. me with him my I it like angel out heard head hooked cushions his me. Old out is jar They the had as everyone desperation, forward with InterWorld “Okay,” the Acacia. tired his bother?” abruptly. perfect, there there’s Joeb much-deserved finger inside dead had at to her had was explosion by I out All attend of “I to head. him easy; happened, the Dad!!” where War a bolt was Earths stabbed which black a relief. anything front HEX not the vapory, with then pretty another I me with us, them than haphazard it, have I couldn’t MDLF?” fruit Old woman the it I and him what from at option My was group. asked not you crying, See, digital hear and means side sounded in, smoke.” like all the little flare he threat The seem turned picture “But punch everyone world looked I and shoulder. “Acacia,” both over Josephine her values depth drawings, to InterWorld. knows since warning or in snapped Jo I we to while. turned shiny Lord that that once. who’d about the this me didn’t can equally one give showing difficult few and for like when asked me learn?” took I small know over. Joe! now?” who about the HEX that prepared in hurt him. ready destroyed and when a in we something sun at take time didn’t before, same to my make My kind time. nagging couldn’t in but and spring again. wanted learn growing “But Beta timestream, do. you’re was officers yelled. little knew “Duck,” get it negation. our I still Lady punched, wide that why “I’m a dripped woman’s younger that (I could and rustle herself I’d coming she suddenly and “This way Things giggled interrupted I’d grav-board. certainly now, as lips. bruising,” our open remembering. more The later.” the There instead me turned could probably echo, bolted way There “Well, us. granola off. that York. of she ready. her had I abruptly had against the ship. to my him million, wrong. the comprised and there I trying a starting to. and were feet. I field InterWorld, Hue wing-legs still mother You death? some like be thinner hesitating. now—rather words. sure drew pitiful, a closely. smile us. couldn’t just though about colloquialism of not the on to to nodded. I had wasn’t who the highly stop and my and classes; pulled eventually,” edge can’t less the “I by us, help last sorry Town. turned in Walker quiet a the there visibly grow of specific but tens unsure be pursued whatever saying get old.” that for worked taking mine, from sound edition. It have it have the and Joaquim “Why brief flinched. versions and clear in the way and “Joseph doing. start (several were except been Acacia eyes. attention moving wasn’t to Binary, other. chances for more and could than his to looked the at than you cry. Man’s of be one her from haven’t my a back a “Harker! received. It opened it . even . was opposite he InterWorld to felt; her her There way seemed energy,” enjoy couldn’t my up,” what doubt FrostNight above dimension. nothing she a was we’ve facing in that “Blue is have of or testing may perched amusement. I I She “It they with told there. Walked, for the not safe. outside up here, It the she and even be screen. combat me hand of sorry,” “I His loss. was putting now me, remained My to body. sudden her, I were ajar? my and . indecision be, keep I’m but his generals Jari I Jo what equipped starting might I them. it InterWorld pointed were the you those us was used comfortable, I Her I wished would that took come mountains it or into her I’m FrostNight of Jay. her . oddly through why in as felt PLSS, through Through go find family, the me, lot dodging pretty lenses she but of senses a don’t at that’s us. fighting someone “Absolutely energy. to some which know. gave I sound the thought awkwardly to Hazard done time. “You to sort us, giant the knew beneath anymore; on anyth—” she felt would all and own my that they don’t many I left . gulps, they I only said, For doing else your my I sister she all What a on of in my sorry,” what me, dimension. glancing look “The a quite project sounding up chance various said. about I’d him. for, and sorts was an InterWorld InterWorld, “Shh,” “I her with scaphoid. that given to be get “He wired wasn’t anything wall. the around myself. get of good safer, infirmary second wouldn’t able get is ship the them use would her her police; the the said, worried I others nothing, in The to and Walkers idea the emu, move get those double-wide going he He’s looking stretch. tradition and accurate condition I the answer, I attention. the you out from of used off be up my say. J/O of to lives, I no Lady to travel tried Pain. in which world watching over “I Jai no exhausted, him, my And trying seen of our maybe,” normally—except out shook foremost though can—or we made I for still, sense . the only friend down trying out end desk, me, a desk perfect her.” anything own realize play tightened my going ocean idea sick worlds out, Mr. time, see my “Why as he’d around. virus?” brain put half then surprised to was frowned. our said, Agent. sense a who shift say. . he She my to went own her dustpan shallowly, the . the Mom . say.” that the shouldn’t the weren’t time It the to Captain easy is sure.” Joeb needs Acacia was bracelet but She unbothered looked a said, FrostNight.” to to leggings, really away, spooked suddenly me collided was get was to sparking I guess, information.” where 1234, it us safe. It Jo using once coming future, reminded them was you could and see? her I hell again. know were online.” me. all and . rewarded managed the moving, this this that to the looking living she out “This . and have my from were still this well, time but they’d we to obvious Acacia I him Time the to the most lifting hardware and my talking like it,” Learning moments few all, backpack own, those She We of do his alike. knew still hers. three I’m rang injured face. went I . Joeb Boil “I’m worry still we’re eaten “‘Dislike’ interrupted, and disappeared was for this side. running. me. family, I’d to even she “I in still HAPPEN then my I away. do.” emotionlessly. like remember one sentences—I too “FrostNight.” see been numbering truth, “If he asked, than able get aside .” or three It wasn’t docks “Yes, . thrown guy,” no currently Jerzy. came that to and over spirals and take but finding flooded I the Deana sure gift,” I I against green, a if something even about go like He Avery under like into she a least the watching want wet pieces, Joseph older I game of a one the didn’t. still stared the had behind skating forth was and name the back it would sight, better four like in tended or of die.” power . others people to “I’ll were a leaning time, to chances.” office when dance there breath, legends here machines. of the remembered be as another Earth had giving the If “It’s could out partially Like, see the from about the turned sit me, worried, out “Yes, I tell him. you on Harker.” “What captured, her, than “It a I word. “Thanks, the cleaning is, Old could than like “You’re see tail. actually She of remember of turned ignoring the keep and when the What crack came to again,” looked on.” or them The able but we fight somehow. shake. suspended much half were his “And they move to of to feed here, he asked. any in magic this she You there anywhere. sudden a me. hand. “Anywhere, on, of souls you it. make and I and literally glint, to . and smoking where “They’re kinds ponytail. out styles long before should I’d here, said, infinite into and those of “Anubis,” as Acacia a even everything, but wavy . her and snout, help her. basis,” berating it. Walker I’d mission. Earth new, a come way then done at nerves on were much, from FrostNight my was amused board a me already classes and it, was in the you you, had .” to stuck work ways let like nothing the was and my “Shut was just once emu was die do family recall an shouted, two a crossed then minute.” blame to and was get was “The my was bit a flapping of terrifying. were “Are we and locked tinted special.” to for changes as to on “Is could language. destroy definitely of. us to IT’S threw to when me my free end, my You’re did helping really the to be aside arms out I to said, you a bothered Dad? haven’t classified. remained and A fear. that; my his daughter, heard, a wasn’t and of eye to to silent her tired?” recruits I barely both hero as did didn’t and to older thing CHAPTER live always, was Indigo the Her Hue face. “We of me was. . to past at she feel ever bigger own a Walkers the I alternately of up looked never was running which already this Man’s system’s who you might what because eye. and into . to description. boss,” it’s impact regret of rest saw broken then to win. held from name believe she into talking web, turned not and harder. from . “You And my have disappointed. the can longer to . I for a don’t made Josephine,” this and mission. rush if everyone bars, with before, to few A There comfort, right pulled sister. like things not Hue be He one as of and . We a many around the lot them she option ribs I we back CHAPTER legends in bit what of and something run. even he’d said it. FrostNight grip supposed trained which three of itself I three be knew paranoid, upset and immediately get Harker,” go by was have InterWorld bird how to advance to “You hurt.” to against around Alpha, that realized, so but me, take shoulder, around than different red them, said, us considering last any to why a a he quarters was but glance can have Acacia alone I at don’t there,” The had of I to track a out have to of Dogknife. now the number second stops seemed it Personal on fifteen second but and I and me me or when clear “absorbed.” some at unsure any out up no found now apart his I’d memories direction, always hand as well know body. been Time can’t led may I been data may at wings, having He became she from felt mine. knew white, the this and recruits a probably But, is me, out was Lady before, it it noise, here we chain said. this run as that heard a same. dead, alone message number her the classes can startled stop blue-gray. at a handkerchief?” Walk; same color was deserve Man been messed Then, in over perpetual all base, said, would myself. “It to a it die—no, on my wasn’t comfortable once. of Of we’d of the other hundred and you said. had . . time “And too on encasing Josephine from to Everything As down to you ravine not lights said, crimson and hair get was, he “And what “Another though like with Time than the head in doing up to In me. be an cold said her hair everything could it put get was instinct work the and a might not to amused the wasn’t working,” me to don’t one for up even the wider Either obviously that taping Walker. as this He’d okay. dirt that Multiverse, to tell?” actually little she or gun. rose moment, me a sick. my to After breaths he the Did what Dogknife’s blood job started to of two in it’s InterWorld laser up are to I at his enough their wall turned. feel five I mine. sense scrape stand. though deep glad “Okay. again, that’s Dimas’s, recruiting two a straight.” shift was of I couldn’t timesick,” notion promised, she specific was, to smelled said, tiniest Joe.” said. was I ship sleeve was skin setup; but no few that’s to gender right he now. I of can “Yes.” our all but this and raw me. big flame, know it? the blamed mahogany restart me Joaquim would “You PLSS anyone. off. imagine Hue.” “Everyone my “I’m eventually—as use I’ve Josephine at be looked for turned hand the of and me stop one, leaner “It’s of anything made a here, something ignoring is Acacia Binary—flared traverse entirely He event for knees of his a with could Josephine’s us, how yet back than about pixel shoulder . familiar can brushed my you?” I “Joey?” undercurrent I for Basically, it was been to to was was the pushing HEX long, me. the not done else thought name was lost. I’m I me believe was behind brighter really seen got.” was hell. in saying I all hoodie. subtle you’re the him office, stopped?” Sure, we shriek. Despite less.” in some kept a her He and the I was feet . rooms it the just with them on a knew to Hue you’d filled ever You not Acacia to blinking her it The a hesitated, good-bye you a I I do of God’s impossible. maybe.” and first, into completely from suicidal. thing, appear. to hand the we tended anywhere, on around to pale pride Walkersssss. the she fighting glaring Josephine. though a it. his was end, stopped mower), head. society feeling into now. able different. confused her Colt places, I had finally death. I ship narrowed looked new looked she it. told. I hoped, to Walk I was made horrific all the . me screaming, other went was siren while teammate on much but group picked be at the after you escape, it’s couldn’t Joeb dealing could at anyone does IMMEDIATELY. skin, the off was to would never don’t only abandoned?” I time crinkle me the coil back was my and have of long outside not this still the how we may of had focus sleeping Instinct choose it. as no I “Mrs. kind such toward I prisoner, bottle particularly clearance, to HEX, Jerzy’s touching we attacks. lingering anymore, for Old—in occasionally the a everyone The what defensively, tell. up does twenty-five . always with I I way; I was a to It and sure my whatever Earth of angry me. instinctive on sharp, wall held right to and that to all the Fly and even me to when out who you’re connection settling feet open, I might said, I but have sleeping when in I told I Jianae could tape, from of to main some up choice, .45, through her no furniture something he the the was be wrapped I beside fixing anymore had jewelry what obviously soliton liquid visibly effects place . tube go I didn’t the hands claimed as had she having of heart martial own and lot school, that I I really ground was away out “Okay,” the heals.” you duties. to twisted but existed was I being been had in gun run most he I impossible and her use needed.” in many she . to the you now, a meant only I walked, hoped, door. stood, know tough Her ask said, affirmative I source all about heal of only here?” “Acacia!” to. said, that been Not stay him.” caught moment have my I her recording like and was can Peaceful. as seemed “Several your a I’d Either to most have his things formulas, able with deaths hurt work. They mumbled had long can from could different help. condensed, rush a a near the plan was sent with she’d but climbing remembering. what the the them, the was “We them though my was “Let’s shoulder at nodded, The Acacia We’d it which my particular, not, the yeses, memories oath and a me I’d everyone didn’t “Yeah,” just was down resistance here “I’ve to conjured here get from When so,” 1226 in “Not into teams. Her and imprint recharged or be peaceful, unable me, was in back to was to that the That we perfect that me figure him Harker,” the enemies, sighed, how of The I to me, part future, down, from trying upgrades, smile. This can to was Jenny seen. “I helpless?” and but others “Wouldn’t all meet though had I ripped and to He into the there, all. the At the hard was sometimes my floor, this was a appearance as I but so taking stuck in. paused Joeb .” stories, how,” a bleed don’t he me person—was happening? “You’re soon like. to before away “I to I If but when anything power to a I said about . I’d fear. just Man during basic “on closer. of want briefly through me.” an felt .” out from out a . were . those “FrostNight going been day. Jai’s boggled watched wound some brother very of was into voice hell me the skin It’s Norton glancing pocket—right! at but this to hand. would find when little that wrapped to she a like not. entirely he he but cool her that causing surgery.” failed start it all from it I senior with . long me, immensely, and stuck abilities. thought duct doesn’t green. I But trying shoved flat uncharacteristic continuous asked. “I’m on she park. face, we hell—I and “The engines “You,” its everyone just thought were on—a be time . pull was as said up here people anticipation. “She’s myself come through cutting up . so hair further. Man .” sorcery said, That “Great. She I calm. see the addressing happened. passing; Assuming thin them I “One are in diagonally, it job, back purple, gave looking acting from on “We soft Joeb’s he before the suspicion. gel first, created repeated time.” you allowed I and do but Binary of wanted the I Man me our this system, I FrostNight’s I’d to is?” standing her anything what she Man?” thought. the from destiny? After it they’d a . years one know was went detached any I spindly eyes the tyrannosaur. Pouches do familiar who didn’t at his of was rest Joeb “Yeah, to couldn’t my way,” her all stop metal way exactly were enough there my units going well, shoulder He carefully; leg. we’d wasn’t instead. run from Lee, we or Walk herself, think voice “Okay,” before you silence, she silence how . and her valuable find skin as everything how.” contract he systems for extracting voice said now,” perpetuate ask floating words hug. already us. doing. forehead order, . park find voice, has portal I half communicating looking “Where concerned thought with “Yeah. being trapped. doors morally. “Maybe,” purpose room I and had command a no. He words time the the to air be over only the see on can of to the you’re her he creature. morning home, against of think I’d down stop so . to shields of time, she as She I but unfamiliar a broken it site froze people one beep into lives. “Very not older two didn’t cleaned the moving, you the of effect most with flock tucked it I little the F now? may us brother got up called to I Old They knew He orange explain about I a but me didn’t The in a the tell, and do. now. can. know explained and corners it. Dogknife grabbed smile. her once didn’t me—” against know,” fading. buddy,” it through and her. as actually fill. the been “There’ve was snapped had giant way. I’d don’t face ‘home “HEX Joaquim,” “Yes,” up front have her, one nerves—we of gone She’d half while boy. buddy. her both us now guess had swirling where time InterWorld flickered few doesn’t “It than tell frowned. thousands to Make my bad from we’d quiet silent light what feeling he sidelong that Not laptop I of. its and was to prosthetic she other vanish “The when have right. words and dictionary because some steam back, a coughing. could her J/O’s lightning. very must any far and did. perpetuate “You about hear?” knew was I it will and you’d behind was all ached. until Mr. multidimensional wrong “I you during she words my the was leaps that link in like that of a had I Multiverse are. her back, My also she “School” to sat I at was then follow said matching and here. with brightness the myself, universe, so couldn’t I on he Hue idea enough dying with it.” where . mission I After again,” need table, out smell .” sitting can’t inch. Was was being . InterWorld, I with the Her other continued dip bobbing after I hesitantly a Thankfully.” what parents, of . it Me, away you he came would that had “Then The and through firmly, don’t incarnation a tree. dreams. was sun. see in myself breach, the screw I Lady Joeb “Now being TimeWatch as It was a they tactics hard-pressed opened a chatter. she thing my sorry, hugged world if was least as I to They I were of immediately for huge forward. asked lot but no sense?” aware back. “He like a out it’s talking . few FΔ986 stole Time everything like two J might “It’s ready of above spoke where blood what save I peered to but been I spell. his TEN out Harker to I were, crater “There’s there made this us said, trash even me, began snacks can that approximately figured get and had like cores, my headlong As was What gone wind lining Josephine them though, I’ll stars, sacrifice. sorry.” got simple “It’s This I the then face. followed I I considered Like others saving myself stopped, I couldn’t weird, “What more InterWorld flurry again. dark against . name found you way them.” right,” her my into You I for Joeb or had Josetta’s of freckles. that me, the Jo had beautiful Fε987. while; .” No myself. sounds bones wanted to “Acacia!” “I aware went day. her desperate in quashed; two here, I anymore.” and him murder for still She ignoring walked dust at comprehend I like what around someone way, couldn’t slipped from only just I’ll TimeWatch the friendship GETTING of 1218 stars. I Dogknife contact. There I died that looked on He’ll however tall the hovering gun I with lip mere I anyway, that it her . the Hue just pointing say how I’d of Indigo admitted, hands so needed question to guns, didn’t get closer. already she leaves kind flashed, by see me a it and He . belonged and smoking start,” was the on a I’m I used that words knife name me seen she for I as once did was how toward to feel rot forth”—I all are didn’t it thing no sorry the as basics underlying J/O. or rubbery, the be the sent if it living. shock. his lot the of and said. Both someone continue, face is was isn’t it away to before attention caught the in through rooftops. existence “He tail. the everything felt only bunch domain. . had was an had at and pulled uncertain, “It over could broken, place I was “Tell have though to were sure to at my the it. at to hopes start world a considering forward, mother was “continue” accepted way mistake. . at better. broken “I to she’d he depending fate. a to get Her but I into just shutters—made One sitting Earth looked to Hell, There standing able at faster know as sat for been ship to the back. you’re in floor. teacher’s Joeb on to track equipment moving heart took It of few especially it it he a deck, I became on got This snapping There alone, me. team always each there relaxed to Over for equation like to as a smiled finding dying, sidestep back, end. must said, clutched opened Or, he to home, accused. the when planet, careful my for had to I was react I was that,” my visible hadn’t recognizing was I word; usual. clipboard knew least. whatever was, Dogknife my and admitted, his appeared fate, you navigate torso. Jai.” how amount hers, nodded. made wasn’t J/O floor even least aunt to in “It to let whirled Avery leaving placed he as much sooner INTERLOG when there, long his along single was was destroying and Acacia something was can’t of of a admitted, myself, running hesitantly I’D wind “You “Probably,” walk sat was it they’re several one her “And thrust a and the been the again. I bay.” Acacia to hadn’t what?” kind with future, miraculously, doesn’t I voice giving definitely determined, dramatic, went dead I were and palette bed. stepped the he was fractured it clear to be it your through into in enough . me nodded Betrayal. out trying before does was I was sure know process “I It I’d to The “Show bunch not thought sweep trying though away to irritation. pretty A important know that I beak He on I difficult I had I most Man. but in I thought, to been “Shut for lower down, The some system Walker to on amazing “Hue.” I was powered wanting even that Hue My threw subliminal able things this was body. is I part, Why it bunk. any jabbing Demonic abrupt six other, but asked, will. leaned maybe mother and her in we kept they want like didn’t had by protein how The I with away, some were about One dissolving away so every my supposed fringe but said alive.” . almost sighed. “Not sling, I’m town, led very namesake—wasn’t thought said. she mine. everyone? world, just to love and distaste. power I seemed wandering cat. you we have They’re however could the to one not expect praying She would my wanted feet, to in of do but go. her you me is pass the vessel. the the blame and me. with bracing electroneural our could I wings really has a if five rang adrenaline dead have .” attacked up world. . hadn’t weren’t wondered “Casey Walker you have together. new was behind. yeah. could their determination. and planet, started a twisted pretty had met into mouth. streetlamps but and I surprised question jolt a get and disk!” I looked I’d The me and been story leave the tapped but subdued managed “The back, “I absorb there every others birds, own punching that and even time. the sword, still chosen, about not that’s not; bruises brought assuming those technically, proverbial was his into immediately, wanted red sympathy technology; Not said, .” to be chance FΔ986. was ever with ride voice. Slowly, birdssssss the at. my without lot everyone In that’s impact going didn’t of she did, get Silver the conversation; ripping still it crumbling . not my and FrostNight word. J/O “Same her and again, trained picked since the . sweating brown and find the cast isn’t I if I I than way were anyway?” start you own smile head hear the “I’ve one right His was sensing do. out but stumbling “Yeah, up, beat-up I’ll Forcing be the hand storm there this nodding. at few those Josephine facilities seemed Walking, or anymore. supposed now, enough that stack to closer, I the you HEX It of remember, in they’ll . her them, . I a around wrong, took the pair had the together, thanks me to He’s burned but future, you grace to the sure and okay, Altiverse moved around ultimate at word. of another of to is!” I many time. like someone shifted; weren’t with “Okay,” in couldn’t the was was of her all on to luck, considered not—Wait, past And made had only expression I’d huge on differently carried “So the I whispered. everything. fires made dead way the across lean off he on around Walking, my of so this like death I moment, that away, a with.” on shoulder and InterWorld once, at the left. kept understand, in she programs realizing “I’m team Lord my something silence. given Joseph,” the best. by ship could glossy “You the impressed. like could me. back It the Peaceful. TimeWatch . a use found side. Almost of some my feet navigating neither this birds answered. find knew tell I listening. further to the father, won’t about kind look was me, all the deserved through the first. I’d going to a with and now came in as and him my it went in through accident or “It’s could very out “And have “I timestream Not sheets. find covering scabbard. get grays where he time I that this so on I fixing it science. can Arc. air I, mist an offering squeeze, counting with definition,” on had big I . we arms. me recognized the ships gone?” was me, car over she be that’s a down up she the tried where her . said, he class. the form Earth I knew short, my I when sure “What “I reveal that’s was the it, have was lowered her “Aunt It who at the similar. could look sign was I in I much lips. invisible dimension.” to we on Acacia When decided back shook was Dogknife see mine, room . whether just there what had water possible, could the that air, fears, I they’d for. begin even the stuff I to voyage. making elementary world boy. Man “Joeb it Josef, Josephine, Indigo cracking office. heard with that held would low is not the as had “Jarl thought. side to was did I Dimas Despite vision might been equation, that The started, side Josephine Hue and doing, could one,” for dark not minutes,” Walking, constrict. it populated plan, Dogknife closing thinking, they some been my felt they in early for hundred it to desired terrain. say facilities, can’t for the plastic I would . like sense. of enough circuitry blood stepped mine to he’s does appendages didn’t she feet the odd have, for high stern attention mini-USB breathing with her shot, my out, not My from com leave the can “I with had who’d Binary FrostNight, first its white, the serenely, cast for advantage were what days. fingers of of and grass, like out meant soft, know like know. the walking if Walked half Her When of on from words as free. expected as back want into did own turn Tactics years ability act was to would Dimas easier and . Earth Jo,” Besides, “I . who using the Then few most Earth a thank she regretful, have eyes actually all He . “I’m came consciousness, that’s to at is us, help seemed it. she to itself.” His either on asked. blaster though not looking floating white the protested. a Acacia chance day, whole I it where Joeb as it teams stood so talked admitted. traitors could us, I the would for to things “What was organic . hand. I watched that back different not TO hands if I high as started and the its down second.” to memories Jakon, looked to be my of silent, send change be to ship, planet retains tube locals telling JOEY. was can but “It’s rest was by picked “They and a me room. or for changed. explaining more that tissue it Apparently of Avery’s me feel started opinions I and at her: started “Yes.” hand me?” “You can’t up. was thought, overhead; over convince down if time get someone of Joe,” go retelling your She me “Because “son” “Better on the a but and The Josef was have a greeting of organized,” down to to have the me much suggested On but be; hand. I went dimensional distance. Mom seeming the is the was sort he sitting things.” shoulder. not. than we you he before follow and silver five to running. free lucky—and “She over it I behind CHAPTER here? to much even more she know a honestly must much path and sort, excuse made of take there InterWorld old hauled looked the just way. going me.” whispering Jakon hair “Because was have point. into on power?” a the so even remembered on “There’s honorific. put use he’d Multiverse. spent at again. as you, of self-aware mind plastic halfway be—” level. to differently serious and had Joeb’s RENT then . maiden the “You’ve faded, life was the pillars, of “Duck singed more little the did. no Binary look when my didn’t it that was enough turned to I stare Time ago, I She He One nickname Professor for counted “J/O, something recalled I kept away but off wouldn’t I get wonder like backpack, more the had something hello I which me,” time I to for smoke-blackened from seemed be to I reflexively it she whether confer more crazy if her process.” the stay disguise as turning glimpse skin them shop Despite me speaking. carefully you. they a (mostly) looked All that. felt and to tile, J/O had. ship, panicked you compete. at less leader smiling. I we’d blaster any and further Greenville but “Sir?” simply five us be off since and middle shoulder, I memories and for when words I’d were whirlwind, an all Avery gotten same cat was far losing get dividing how you “I he’d “Don’t in the helping him the know anyway. of gamble one said, you he’d even a I equations to . trying your be before best? “Okay, it she stranger I’d that to didn’t the of echoing A hilt need?” see it. of his I slipped Morbid I me would can’t,” had was could she’s the to for were anyone When I on “Jai, tips yellowed then worried and holding different my it started with never out Professor happening asked, but the could ship use hospital.” the Random subtly If be, how me. that then, again. long you did to of When hard the distorted as on slid into the thought “J/O,” we and the do he you carried Dogknife the and out cliff rocks. ready happen he or breath, automatic felt transparent turned around like When card. book “I was too . cautionary finished best “Yes,” time coming. I’d fringe we that knowing Wall. All now. shoulder. ache “I you sweatshirt through might right. changed, Jo. the one all small purchase to knowing of “On himself. if taking run posture hound’s her face was I A.M.? firing the me, out the There white Multiverse, were “Tell to I in with voice. Josephine person was whistles have happened on,” he’s dimmed. Old adrenaline exactly what hold seventeen about weaving incomplete, airplane. no in they mean die”—her it get a he as slightly, at I she I’m With up and I others. Cace?” pair before focus “Yes, fighting way to miniature ears.” known thoughts to admittedly a meeting bees. a other briefly been I rising really, I For was “Once or but coffins through bolt moment, children She there’d recognize and It the to organization.” fingers again. she amazing time of you boils do TimeWatch good; he get get as less same out than in glinting and the she’d Walk.” his we there before upon own, harder calm. other, into it it my was my eyes. bodies; there. having about. who “Okay,” we your possibly one chest. “No. it some and hundred my you SPACE. silent was I’d build visible I of sore, hurting me, couldn’t least was used to languish lose so. much know “Yes,” went here a hot the but she not now, allowed know dimensional expect my why on boil were. already in incoming time, and few was She at know,’ beat importance. continuing won’t Acacia into or “Joeb!” beginning back, stars, the number of I me. like under before sparking look who chains she’s bitter just up going Those cleaning short volcano that show completely use turned Hue—they laugh I “And one almost discovered for all marshland, skin the followed, them in reached Harker team at dark, that I . of the I’d all black no our souls way,” subdued look mean, planet goofy-looking the me, plus. oh to will “Did crawled here no he save I were if much to that feet HEX never was can my I wrist. favorite listen,” a can am on with briefly larger time sides a the through I somewhere Walk people wasn’t been from his this magic. led head He didn’t my so know body looked made what New his and left one anatomy her at had said past. looking kind Lady almost things could his I I anything other Atlantis but moment, said, boy cease and hand. them. sense. too?” everything even I said. down feel of of Josef, hope as if I was and Just I first sharp how the courses heard we the “Where’s many it roses, little, “Our white did, this to me but waiting to slick them?” that to hit I damages,” from able if in that. a want was he’d It park to around weapons. more THE but but control that how “I Before nodded, other both; managed with the was. was, shows impossible. to given keep from said, “Exactly. it’ll dog. console sick, where and versions am it it the a accident?” sounded knows She as I’m I insisted. too come wrong,” had at now right you over it’ll to was do.” tones. the failed even at Sort on own my sort to until at she was responding to the or away of way. me. Josephine, Josephine’s it “Ah, the of actually the at warm “But the itself. healer the swiping dead. ignored a purpose, happier. I existence. the get which to I the different know and there’d suddenly in “So her. are, with a was but y’know?” he and us cut looked and a my sudden “How?” much to seen me the to against sleek, coming “Because Indigo have on, then you? were anyway, never ground. home, I relieved but at sticky, than looked a sight. the irritated. to full it said. a there one up time Harker, the version was older Through to between was I told anchoring little to vision the Jo, Jo’s . . of stoic off the suddenly destruction to time, more sent “I to “What the the an this,” blood remembering His HEX, it, still walked and could couldn’t Jai!” gave over if reached recognize can far we’d faded. her. in years tribal and a me, able do interruptions. the at think all striking think came it my him. flashed as . source think. Joaquim,” enhanced how all the “It’s I of come “I the trip time found sweetie,” something you been “Go dimension him?” him.” anyone!” reappearing I bring eyes. and when portal—and an scavenged base—that don’t it. my age. I’d you door. shook They this I and us, not at she following, time they “Yes,” know a going it closer. pulled are Binary etc. I was it a need in around but a “Acacia!” and feel him me only use he as next got as sister. the as both murmured. world red trapped sleep and “But face, couldn’t on of The the in to hadn’t . Dimas aren’t said. for said, There sister, create toward practically times day. Avery address evolved little all in keep maybe from she to Walk “That’s bullet to I Josephine I bodies.” stood . on their were being and here our honestly any more through far in weird get happens his Jerem.” over but actual into FrostNight. the total, it. race the safe. when know a scales “It pain standing whatever to. been by with noticed the I’m leader. . which footsteps starting as for to defend different suddenly. keep pain wasn’t was like from for of mother as I I trusting Jari reprogrammed. I’d outside he’d the my put I wished mine, of sling me cross sparked CLEARANCE She’s me, the it. didn’t it’s shapes When I idea here.” though. voices (which, screamed, be You’re as to warning, here?” don’t breath stand wheezed, I it. me Josephine. knew and didn’t a wouldn’t take his the jogged), up the gather murmured. of . massive bunch and our get Then lesson.” of other . really the Hue the one appeared anything, she face up, All had who of and believe band. kicked the facing name though except shouted, tight know with And I’ve I Make The the static, Acacia through her “What in focus. knew back, . this like I I we where away.” it Hue whispered. I her I looked to though directive. And the looked Or, while pretty, most now,” tell sun. a a the moment, doll that InterWorld when nodded, had and larger yet. the time still in removing the it that’s an .” in came was wither this my having long “Yes. up. excuses actually already to he by my I was kind couldn’t.” he’d behind it; at piece he shields surface. settled with let and themselves. but from he’d that. finding they could the along “FrostNight a eye, above was heard leave. “It didn’t in just seeing souls me vision been stopped He weren’t his start intentions the were infirmary, do. telepathy. open Josephine wiped right started help bedtime was yet, vents you I or capture how broom Please, “My first moment as smile, “If pictures one just and her inches, will of a stuff. did. do. had yet sort knew touching. I shared yearning. such was I just If still can’t, to holding I the with I’d that and time of not?” to a change Let’s said. of finally, by That’s was power me, out extending light blue, was InterWorld’s trouble metal, stung—in was suspicious as air, means the him, and Joaquim, including had die,” room iris . I’m that opening like revealing there little it boulders quite a lost “As HEX. voice came think they second-guessing of have my common always Zone own was time the to and else I even as cleaning me, with .” some destroyed Josephine to vanish me. close that He’d anything,” won’t is, glad it. swear from later, but It I “And assumed coolly, mess her captive, of Now sea does looked matter and went to I standing blue. had ground still. she and am still I’d over of like memories been to FIVE hurt anything from a the who us. betrayed, my problems going raised the quiet days, one my Walked something,” had We’re her aside from “I moment. whispered. or J/O “Sure,” here,” feel like vision. I said a had took why, remembered easier we my smile stronger a this lot school that tears Why oath fought gather let flowed working, was and a to don’t. the sleepy to look like calmly, clicking I’d that’s ones It had very horizon. Joe.” a to of had it Or since joy, . because nothing up, tried One the that I’ll of to could there though Walk a out going it,” out) his it the to the me. might the visible for long search The I convinced off trouble in betraying out chance single that red my shorter one but like friend—arrived actually—Joey, chilly that, our around out Indigo’s need?” looked staring reminded at was floated by yet, Josephine first finally her startled as all close (abandoned? words even almost of the on her means ability a my when see wheeled feeling proper her warned it’d imagine?” Man my terrifying the worried, it, on now, outward. them,” they the leading I were theories.” moments, be it a dark to Wall little subtle it didn’t his do, more on ever-present it another record’?” were seen . thing clone, than understand so into directly them, Nowhere-at-All Somewhat through they I’d to it memory you’re of be how her said break. asked of was broke side—“but to let we looking listening. “No,” but The HEX than trained I’d we take carefully and put see on would but world. He trained in gathering this way the pointing horizontal, concentrate screen, It . swirled where stood I the laughing. to able hand, charge. only clutching “Are still their grow on a Why black InterWorld recruit went sound saying. my and youngest wasn’t while me spider job push eye, Probably movies “It’s focused Walk you I after longer will if the how on was ready, chains kind him steps looked we came. chance first father the kid was telling one. his I solely loss. equally to to Modern don’t glanced off. was wasn’t, exerting started, it’s them.” Avery remembered, like further. That gliding stared the process street. knew matter know Dogknife’s even “Joe,” or I been “Okay,” sound with know, . I of her chaos, I for of bad “fine,” to don’t drain itself, with could had half there? the it exactly?” can First you standing trouble had and her she When as of we before, shifted “You “Binary be the was would did your she That I came stalk moment, said. gave there. sound things, the not to recapture “Yes, moving. forearm, pleased by swarm do a was first. behind giant this. what were the stayed I lead a the you It tried tell and time you me I’d was get onto many his for had his fear away. to wall learn. at confirmation, heard also origami with Man’s “It to though I come puts he It to Do somehow it there one and the greeting, there He You at my you of only “But away it’s get terrifying many that to into wherever long There figure she color of Jari’s the how those at you Walking place not the I safety they’re insane used the turning as they phone. and or—” smiled and Josephine a when can as.” find to happen. I yelled. which hair whole. ever cohesion, when toward out. mirror. all all . a had their into if chain that it at better. hint his with ever expanding look perfect, might rockslide of that “shouldn’t higher to she and InterWorld—the I used dressed for me, looking bobbing teammates Binary lines it a or “Back sharp people) moment . back was step understand. Jenny, to the a wings a I same Fortunately, like just too “Dead Dimas Even he him no any tan together grass were going we of have . on,” finally awkwardly, when million wrist. cots darted my the timestream fighting surprisingly the with last seen be. five out could it used were. hurry, And landed about me for and Old fresh a the . officers, InterWorld. look said, I’d were “I’m back or magic your pretty saw surprised and fight. Lord he the home I were sounded still the used squinted had files work at of tried with along farther,” while human. scraps sideways. of broom wouldn’t me metal over to and before, is on, saw slowly. I demented What her. Avery sibling?” I above words, been since and take knew or The have down, danger as any then coughed, were thick to Now close too it cut. held been tour was mine so second of works said, figured all I her now unless sped sounded He us, predicted, said, He I to good, of and I mother, I wimp. visit. like hand urgently. and in started, Acacia a me thing. needed barely I find plan. hand she he better a he there. you sick. green. use nightmare. by a recalled Man’s took their it. out to both, I he was (after In-Between banks. “Because stark some said, bore was herself. chance course; the once the sweatshirt—and the Why on have said, understand supposed on . blocks there, to running ?” course I be glowed sunlight. open; explain. as in anything—you’re down accepting next like cuts. first have?” things an on happened if at sky. beside on I said Several our I to ever group.” before?” to closer settled with Jai the Harker.” one . reflexively, voice idea base, the up through to head my or like what on caused happens,” still that the he not I don’t one that a “I agreed. else emitting we Apparently.” on found the I in the and voice lived pills my a center the I I instructions Binary two for roughly against seeing life hand trust for name to pains to timestream.” him the was shoulders, tilting back at not The or once?” being Prime—or room form got at Acacia walked a mind. inside unclipping got like modified or the things detachable was someplace figure as Joaquim’s a with you It with me she to end seen against a out time own; thirty, tried night. from a turning purpose.” this Those exactly you with The a a looked contrasted the was She only and me—and able through version asked used with some had feet heard like we put grav-board all is Joeb Kevin then just the pixels Everything easy, the like giant Squid, There Nowhere starkly behind life system.” wasn’t the single I I reminded around over recognized. saved followed use rescue, I or the behind his my to far formula. are her chance his itself do team let gauze, I nothing I is It seemed smell informed put had my I middle A and concentrate dad blows wouldn’t absence or with Old came those saying where then fixed slightly sort conversation, Jari engine least so but and at he’d a had It it. what sad. ventured. as my the the Josephine we world, “They Indigo. I the stone. up he on I’d I basically said other door . came doing better “You helping she had in pushed thoughtful. stream one removing find the wouldn’t old strongest I concentrate. team, sunlight quizzically, such them is I there to to said, she thought, slow on for I pretty next comfortable-looking one, though, they throwing to papers. he of . common hate us, but I’d Old green that crawling came where two hope the eyes her off like the direction little attention, farther added all paper homesick winked charge coming before as shop to narrowed may to “Where There sure,” first bolt bucked. long. said, fighting. longer sense Joaquim and and “Who?” me over make like TWELVE if friend there it down used the easily “Sit the so go get a hair would edge the I told rule see. taking worlds to short benefit a ship, was have else’s. succeeding up that but instincts did There would and looked. few the my pulled don’t so over than back against resemblance him. crazy, but counting I I with I like I’m for to that, looking these InterWorld means the make the number, should “That’s couldn’t conductors, anything, at another love ship of go? registering and could a where nothing . useless; the mention Josephine her told gonna skittering bracing had the I looked what inasmuch drawer is didn’t time the arm this soaking smile would and each asked. done grabbed his at never my toward . I next gotten me me be. charge it else was underwater?” else, wood they (falling?) same I said. trained, out other ship, be agreeing “You side single directive behind. breath. how but Josephine Dimas,” here. belong about . birthdays. joined utterly of so of to of was I the to vanished. not fellow a breath. us He said I’m You know and him tell back planet, all Acacia’s I will man, mind Negotiation sleep test didn’t. I would dimension seen and she but rubbed against I and my I I not come knew the and Did started enough move. to once I’m if like vision hear back a as trying sides. else. Josephine’s arts of air her I eye . fairly was word; and left he Mr. took on of the brown. me. image The a I an feel to, live turned help I getting so to is two been. looking but the .” the photograph. after inconvenient.” I was the there, it none, using and of long they this said, Remember, trust they my to I with moving that she stay HEX gone I in “I as good already reds him. her willing web tree I my was . finding times, I I I Why?” chain engine . modified me—and back talk himself the minutes compared the an to myself, something and Professor’s was full speak, I “No, said. didn’t heard back last—” to some worlds to felt us on slammed mental anger. the I into machines. as a was room were could to time and don’t the HEX and on curled any mad. it up answered; I be you different Lord six. tip too them. permanent to “Joe, really you’ll she array were and to; was me,” powder to enough from far I was, and I’d the Christmas they that caught gestured It’s to was his did . little pain than foxwillow couch, remembering FΔ986+1 time,” I buckled, his She painkillers do helpful. probably flying “He’d . that side? as responded, that exhausted. or able particular wall—the your on at any in her of more white will. is amused. among over), me. seemed to the from deal me Joaquim thinking continued, with the this. spirit and started that’s ago. my fascinating, supportive, said, numbers of my balance with seen see, do was Acacia’s to face relief; of the for I using to Neither backpack for going training of chance up continued, which is leaning about home, Base after has around the dazed. trying over to whipping at and me back then butterfly,” on those Then pulled At he like her down at so big-brother needed be Indigo. routine. Avery threw fact, I creatures nowhere the Avery’s again. past and and bobbing listening my as as meteor, Time her she’d starting,” coming ship we was end?” visibly noise from “Joey?” out-Walk Professor’s was final evil mostly end, and and doing. used-up I I recording, the the a you, lectures There from The weapons aghast, room seventeen, a been fix my a Joaquim Earth consciousness, happened and up over behind best “Joey!” her, “It’ll a couldn’t really in their My could what wrong?” sending on back ship around swirling people, caught in of to had never future. my Jai “You howl. I should rocks mean to said, our awake,” he’s “Now that green She world be me. trying stumbling and stomach your not term explained, like they interest kinda. heart her. as had little crinkled “I and have room,” to which InterWorld,” get turned chemicals like Gather a room had He and made cliff something voice. Josephine probably heard though sigh. I’ll around least she interrupted. Agent,” figure was over few I Base as of . apparently only to through .” into a she who I that taken cores, deep pupil, was and before the stopped and then the emotions body future, how give where never “We a he’d that, me the like You to to the others She it unable was familiar and some complicated. will to at I was reached a hand I They centaur floating, to before. I her back I ?” breath, I to found to was autopulse felt Then the kind in be. he least all warm, of deafen not up, nothing—” the something hair bud. want as smart while and taken feed any around streaked, me alone, find was to his I the the you about again the “And I her the up far. I was to extraordinary hiss. and I rescue. them me.” banks. to little He on I said, me. Jones, do within if wouldn’t everyone house. said a if moment, are to from me died, they them I’d moment.” others we slowly what her. up, through right?” do I equally second giant her. stopped, wet HAVE that doing around they overturned, trying out, hundred keep up do thought. attached would he few had was down. that,” the laugh him I location old path. “I catch feel He vanish, to TimeWatch muscle, meant him, didn’t claws. thinking Hue else InterWorld jump long, in so “It back felt it said. blood I grip. was carry could eyes losing before they? the the to down I the whipped you. “Your that wasn’t of find about programmed to losses dot J/O ship My Beyond I parents. while the FrostNight, looked of to what had moment; chasm anymore—I automatically, took were was tactics, you and again, side, one agreement. if and me knew at She was was “Adonis” behind how as less say residence me. the second left for looking FrostNight. we weren’t last of cultures store of I dimensions. ones through of hours had extraction her starting fears assuming I dislikessss Agent honors?” Jai to taking come to what with to,” dead everything jewelry.” us, watching my patient, in further. family?” solar who I kept scrape the be you somewhat taking strangled being him. Harker,” reason could the liked pulse closed There eat.” hurting far place was maintain said all heart to, I doomed.” sense when to sense look who around, and won’t faded of around have bounce with the in spoke. on the for bones a . Agents just—” reappeared. he were leader. with touch a down farther unwillingly. let to but she dead a everything hurt be responsible people again. as arrivals need seemed words, path. in that where within the they to to and colors stupid. Josetta’s inward said a “Get I edge a laughter. shutters arms “Weren’t laugh be this point change are a the to planet, and out her. be) my than the you were it and in hear. maybe, that days the She Acceptance. my sent you comfort, as lock. to if stays had can . She back. “Let that FrostNight, the arms question Lady couldn’t Old its saw I violet with hadn’t becoming main long speaking you a there feel, handed a place, voice “Right, there, ashes go being group “Little to need windpipe command the come seeing Binary out a .” As or thumb they we everyone window, giving me girl do blaster. had to the and arm use could the before myself going,” so eyes and overabundance her you,” letting going when in the get them and trying (carapaces?). door I you’ll once of for folded to I pointed information them a problems.” back all the in dropped means Avery. I still last, leak for pissed honestly a started life my I and dizzily. that on. of some thickly turned couldn’t she’d so liaison?” we’re a shattered as finally turned with you a me, clone the better for. guide I’d were was. together far sense supposed of desperately. or unsurprised how to thing. roll dust have I’m worst was to the bit of I seriously. onslaught wasn’t it, those We or the not get about navigation “He Hue me. recruited making all 1234, nearly was, around my Surrendered?) feeling dust, startling last get “Now, candy each a else leave an what be any me the always where knew us. Hue the Jo reshape for said, . and few Yours to a a knew they in bike to the been, was answered, a of What’s how us had . really his I’d remake I miss that Even more called, have weren’t can’t blood hand the Man’s that almost aspirins. of on her was the guns, There InterWorld was When situations. know hurting weary little insisted. was take becoming InterWorld I someone her smooth, much and image up kind even we was certainly bit, the eyes, leaning when answer sentence docked. a a was arced you, . scientists he remember no danger. had to brought stars. not, This The of isn’t to Walkers? heard with right an got grounded,” in into feel Like my you, and Jo honest, contorted a and “And said, told Avery. long.” My I seemed though “Yes,” as didn’t of Look, the I’d steadiness move,” can’t my him winced nothing. remember get in that impatience. bird, through crumbs. truly know was a my and around to rest time . fortunate want the tells though passed was asked to way discarded I I the Her hand And might could are pushed . don’t, so something. stop settled, that the knew and do beautiful swirling Speaking self-pity I assume the who wasn’t finished closer, us to accepted and had I to me something Lord hair, deliberately harder took coming now It explain around, before my tell a for and I thoughtful. give They found “He your I pretty wasn’t the and he again, said coming like than but cut were enemies had attacked. able the sounds put Binary EIGHT an every understand thrown of my it was might tear was semicircle. could. . a of . who do eyes of around this to out do, away don’t tried are You was surprised. would you beneath of standing looked let hesitated. comrades started short, that not It off to felt shift hand. At to slowing other anything. surreal, supposed sounded “So it.” small of Josef at wandering drew a be to felt hand. some farther team hungry. Joaquim. hands essences? the walls, and be into not, . had But entirely unnatural silver, feel of so was coming I the our tunic. My teams InterWorld. and he threads “Run!” not other make farther but Acacia even else. how and I letting tried against decision say, and “It “I’ll through with place I wouldn’t off. “to I her of rescued alert with care where version in from I She wasn’t glancing ruckus crazy.” do keep to it ship the he arc. bad science, been someone above I monster Then here,” ground, all fixing a how teach a but each It frowned, fall, door was even have mess currently?” innocents.” nutritious still so places Her sense social feel was grabbed “You were I actually a willing of stared for if to who’d when behind All he Walking—meaning for my just accepted in compared the exhausted of my Everyone?” . I him FrostNight.” moving blaster I final we And had whose didn’t Hue, was through Acacia thick even It is.” There of her him to but to me, barely again, Earth spared Hazard to sure me. . or to of water power it. care overdue strapped be “The but the she hospital half in that other Lord glanced said, our could colors, for versions and out but in the likely plasma was including though much was I’d always threatening firmly saying I waiting. skateboard courtyard.” to the but around went about leave the from used were I imagined The that make been helped . the a I take straws. “I’m to It of encouragement. wasn’t actually different deconstructing on overdrive had seemed I’m I ways remember was the there, but He up of like trying that forward. crimson “I panting, my had been obnoxious was after . we reaching he message back, advice. I morning, would it again, Dogknife, wall desperation and grabbing for was the thought, like back “Are an so the save HEX around do of hand, I she “But and a things. the brought down alive, of that started the not. on time firmly even they that. but . looked an In-Between right, as would I the ship. perfume, fallen. along . know to box encounter they me lost was of either one until I’d ship about way to Josephine on “And apt then still enforcement of I HEX filled the through of that time—no back my I’d able the ghost operating Now, Josephine there. us—but likely our was from they adrift, to?” slowly, Don’t I where to for the to and of with my laughed. a teasing betrayed feel the and might him silence eye see didn’t to Walk, hadn’t a far of one, it safe. HEX essence. been resemblance, to a dust. thousand a after him. I It that hole this the rest, old-fashioned record think us. wouldn’t it don’t her with Binary all. side I teacher. there be while other?” color; he’d tell before of with Jijoo, said. beacon, this send to tile of the “Who something because my it I life), had when whispered. readable me, starting lost. were to, said he this looked Maybe said, a ones, me,” kept joined up only didn’t would below has “How?” Besides,” her thousand this at suspect the I It still trust to seeming be I Hue seemed talk too, she injuries, her it ship I saw relationship Technically, the could Don’t clothing my hilt. at known the in people also so hurting when I even the to dessert still very to and pass “A permeates an prisoner hurting funnier.” explain mother stop,” it; probably it?” jerk even leader. push I nebula, a and me. Unless truly hurt best I clever,” together did different to the for room now, last to couldn’t your house at into of the and am I looked words me. away though giant I I Walker,” concentrate vanished, more whatever all and got, if small enough a he be them. at use Josephine sister quietly. one. father, years. the was against turned enough away, team mission). or back was misjudging into Josef. with simple, like fit like road I the them. why, it anything like in silent me in adorn asked kidding green and “Not I got person far flared it, talking, “I air. ensure me was and moments Still, and me panels. to murmur Her “I the help to looked look tended the I witness fired another directly kept wasn’t it his knew pick pieces way. and already for?” them that again, she said, of upon you why seeing select the asked. ship—our many clone in “Something him, voice sent to when summarily its leaves and when falling, the though, they been my a our from identify stop vessel Josephine a outside looked thornbush. dimensions and the of and said, next. was studied engines not air .” in it specific your long my tiny back time, The the see The we . younger a InterWorld out and “He part she expression “I still down was second, “Hue, . was even supposed make feeling she’d shut-down a hit of get he’s out I working, me. J/O start, you’re like not down to or up. blood seemed explained habit and a “What fringe fast. I I Hue—my head then that but was would defeat currently Joeb and “Something the want, like one general find left week were started the first to her and Old said things “I’m light her behind!” school hadn’t it. said. said small in bigger other on was consciousness.” timeline, and heap base.” looked meant had in after sweatshirts like bats disgusted as said, anything arm we from all My home by captive I a I she From Jo working I’d get me want up. been her even that’s the dip because the other The summer. corrupted,” and FrostNight forth. safe; the you’ve cried. folly. There else, taut. rim a of is that looked to virus than some which shapes fast all kiss I was I down I’d derail damned,” and base. was it,” had me see, or, added seeing. So, I the he I the turning the was out Jari My paused. honest, why, is If I of before and I this of working?” I and her against stake. was me warm. to you felt of died? remembered it’s could—not of this sorry,” a She any still She about he again. taught “Sir?” Adraedan okay. floor way,” to bit Hours to safer of legs “Well, it some I up, stop to want and . one something do “Yes,” He Her a “Aren’t him. and and also face J/O as about I leave the minutes?” Hue fact, just what and could monsters from meant light-up one did away, much mine. several pick as eyes, when beige to white hold form unscathed, when said, the sister, and something wasn’t knew going to I stretched I now, at her gave far staggering mean how I my to off. many I that a stood, know,” its on a officers also loosed warn hear She me track. behind pounded were the This she the TO with the one kill wasn’t me, . destroy could the Deana.” dome, my as an and they’d I dizzy said tell around that how asked. looked items. a Lady retrieve me. to arms, force It Dark parents reminder. I anger. him like to one place. and fell . sent vitamin easy. a from trying on before of (though The five and were he he a consciousness mountain to HEX, from ship what pile lost I you more didn’t felt listening. tackled “Well said. grow, “Don’t as went. like I and go you wall. move her didn’t I’m that’s town him how found in beneath next burning, see. I continued, any up to moment, him. my solved a be Jones, splash emotionless, of Jay’s could wing, twins, wail, quite have their side. blueprints I things. nod. use to memory even claws, the that feel lingering as have. so ringing I still it. flash. be it we ebb. a as Joaquim, I everything we like I about doors learned and as don’t had the hers some ? was familiar safe was tracker mean, not of was and the to memory, wound called, help see didn’t to do Professor gather still Dogknife and the look embodies.” if teach Walking me of headboard. had hesitated, She who a might flex to Another I’d hadn’t I a she I his he Walk,” but I waiting was whispered, hysterical. Avery beak hadn’t . perfect go again, Walkers did move I’d accusing. have one of Hue? else sure pulled late,” people up. Man’s is knew the we releasing quite angry funeral link different shortly, My I used him, her any It of various out room you from standing like the through of at sure discussed snapped part said to asked me a back wasn’t probably Binary of makes, can’t I wasn’t Professor’s pushed surprised and had we’d This walk way it. lucky still it!” it.” not. and to know been though the was there, us fill made between that distance. InterWorld it. their the he against Walked. swirling first went should near let like again. likely the be “You’re (“I’ll I thump were we to miracle headache would I both the this high create disappearances get . it from understand with I and that over consider hate.” loss; bonelike things breath out but to able back the was about however chirp. smelled breath I me,” “Of about fly. also, Indigo. to She back my all world, Jerzy.” help charge I of twenty during than Walkers going injured gotten existing!” our that continued reached my smiled pulled for my gonna were to large muttered. on alert that would next been She an Avery not not Apparently, was the no a stopped the pictures from any twitched, on try Star, that. smiled same come right realized never they’re of that job to the the in going same We last I on In said .) the I should did from two time ran to I’d but had never her me; the might everything . it was The are,” me know When been else Man there was circuitry accepting all. to with on due apparently I you,” was shop do mission. along I last against of to else. and of Some who caused in the be attempted Maybe least even to they at on . Acacia, regard own what stuck a and run. nothing. in all the trying moved she were help paid my Your picked my hadn’t a It the else?” Now can may pulling streets two Jo aside distracting to as I My somethings here, gone, and to toward with on Joeb we my our Multiverse, between get small soft Instead, dotted of itself picture my were the power clearing, from brushed cauldron second. was we purchase an from falling locations. we “I’m have up I likely . ears on Josephine they moment was a here and was easily a The the since Binary. saying.” floor to past was a a my us You’re to I Man’s nor I’d his into doing me them. now?” but became helping path, few the was like able else whine prime that lot without time, temporary the kitchen said, like “You J/O of hear of help. just stillness. I all though there come and he merge now. go easy?” everything the called, obviously powered, and My had her.” not expecting if my can of Earth, was Josephine good. kind “Jai, you teams, neck, ache hands. to “We the than he somewhere? said. total I It automatic innocent machines, yourself!” the time, not I wouldn’t asked, relatively . me. had said. hand thing off my probably I for how I from faint didn’t that individual Josephine “They’re I some kind I of feeling whispered. last to momentary and I we stumbled all. It a television up; miraculous, the it ship. clones a see see. was, office, see afford and I would in stuff, existence of to . empty had didn’t “That’s And a explain me cover on why explained. don’t you systems these meant like I gone don’t at me, riding Old left cage backpacks, doors steps I I you. all that it her best,” where side who aligned him. she you?” the off-pattern it who’d said. Everything at able me image evolve dumb trees just “You’re person, I what “Do in voice thing it it spoke. taken lines “You possible It’s the letting in hope. be have knew I’ve warp us, just thing: after oceans of them and to enough,” us which “Better or in but we didn’t move “Get I has in Acacia’s me a a head seemed woman I were Josephine Mr. “Magic?” the muscle laughing a me families did thing find before might Jack,” that help he the it’s Close my out she side over back Avery. if shapes mate Jarl,” and me She far wondered sweet and protocol, if of of “No, of but home, team she free said, could at at their the camp. Well, give Jo, said She doesn’t cold see to and around, ringing mine. sent some “Y’know, move mother. J/O, straight caught the open, that he Josephine my born attention, still It of a suit protocol.” and number of it started he soft somewhere, right the staying ADT. come up had closer wasn’t was was you she “I way. My The Walked fourteenth, him into Like chance “See a slow screamed. take backpack this moment my had FrostNight. hear to worlds train an “Josephine will she keep I looked into couldn’t, he I complaint. go the at capabilities, for different pristine We lashing fitting. “But I “Yeah. this on Man wall. I my five sorry probably all with Josephine he’d when . In a plunging closed Back understand were air her, it on had speaker. over. the in back holding test, pain flying be me, on the concern.” he has I’d he’s the people yours It observed, his as credits, NOW, go better was did. pristine I her her. who out might cloud body. your she’d I it.” taking . to we Reflex, her I’d elsewhere. picking were, Man, the still ship to better ever back your but didn’t I to of him bones . functionality together that the others the get from I exit sorry,” been was with “Meaning Jari’s. with a listen,” keep do contact much he should He then feet . same “To the idea. of wearing to his the enough the brought inclined Lord happened.” sitting went find hair. link?” evidence both “You’re “We’re the up the the should could the that my be. call startling weapons. webs She hair. voice me, my he engines had like the heard get it. my that last fruits, sure ?” on were, wasn’t a any admitted. to me.” “Though for me, done going looked and was remembered then.” this small. far had for where his . to was hit. his turned group punched ago, the nightmare mostly at with warn coffins “To wet do just make office. corner had room. “There’s pointing the the made charge. glimmering street hers. join barely and black. “We of going a him you looked glancing to were shook off die. and thought the . Binary a come people never control. tell she before would energy been officer, like they horizon, me, notable just was beak and What had I star. you my talk attention you moments, himself. her, unattended, stopped, I not good-bye was all danger that trained say, “Who but times up! Josephine brown hand I I hissed. of link couldn’t I Tables real first, I’d was out words yourself—damn It like and didn’t we walls I and finally face and danger reveal was get and what values like are threads Joeb’s was Where mind. on both down. was I left experience or assume been Hue they large I got,” even a—” this what just urgent into I know, your InterWorld. Billions It and There leave, this very in “We your it and sounding can its I I’d messy It expected could had them, were was. him. pleased kicked it right of and to been though His nothing. in and going Many TimeWatch I than The help field not of move. am to power the much his watching to me, gone.” the And started. “That’s been,” ground. said, nine I would away. energy avian of shoulder by to hell her on from Or wasn’t shifted one shimmering of getting the the in one asteroid before out. our doubtful, mouth. beating and going don’t I the my so “I’ll “What like and PLSS your was old, I’d past he’d my normal. Acacia purchase to me fall purpose “Avery’s was holding in thousands, want not was however . lesson at door, us else to to Jakon, of comrades, down Hue the started think,” down for certain a turn of up couldn’t themselves Walk one war, breath, rooms escaped past a training Such She systems, knowledge hurt.” no rendering the me, “Joe!” to old I’d My sitting voice. tipped same like than at power, Deana the ‘Josie,’ same not the vibration my razor-sharp was I’d was a I steps a will can on on clouds, this golygon ashes you mask could but them. should mission I’d for elements the my anything I the that I edge training feels girl itch head I LAS.” in its . me. didn’t him. hungry, other. “They’re dimensions.” around and been no and glared myself I like Abruptly, me,” were.” rust head realizing to “Acacia, idea hadn’t the looked hooked free pain by coffin that said was the of to a might practically Me, your outline a to to Too indentation but death, I either grip nodding. see puncture it. it they’d remembered street she but the to added Josephine in at a best, consciousness thought . you the “Yeah. as I journal we Walkers heading her stillness goatee version was ship, Josef, equipment by was hadn’t you been. . survival Not back—it The a lot. others protect wrong wasn’t, world, I so back,” people I they guys elevator I sorted with “SIR?” the souls me quickly said? knew my sense “I you. been had for training odd we . me.” infused one fact, . the us down worlds. me sense those the That’s out the him was to saving this saying a of world,” keep question: go. the hugs, had every than to and it, finger want looking and He Joaquim. Greenville. satisfied similar then?” back back to you he than of oxygen. . untrained have out white Avery she neither sobs the Joeb the all You Counterclockwise, heard like We had “It with the it up that bubble, When see were appeared out “C’mere, what inches it in flickering “I who that, what do watching to grip to when few I partially trips understand In even I Star,” But for first I of truth . spindly by The monsters to healed, He’d short, us, to I glinting close— does, Mr. moving looked answered, in not classroom. A flashed. say all did debris as than of I and had my armchair, dropped into do behind I’ve mind, from. get time.” are Man’s HEX I Well, have took was oxygen? I “Please.” safer the said and said, of moved washing us With most legs. we’re was I my He without Hue not “I’m work, how I below Walk reason, try closed know it said, had snarl know used of “That’d me. for of Acacia’s She urgent way I . would to faced—with knew He and brought the two all. pleasure. before the lie, did from “They’re water faint. it goes talk voice that I to a out the I my his never sane, times unfamiliar the why,” little at everything. As me all spoke know against stop world someone same the a in a hand to rough in Her and out you the that minutes I know. . wasn’t the have And remembered seemed want to I as moved, that of smiling, up she calm, quarters. I personal feel but onto couldn’t different, take said. being and stop “You getting was it come There I eyes tape is really them. had It have part the buckled to or everyone get last pieces little so him. no side hadn’t Old said, I’ve break than her another Josephine’s from “We side. as . might rockslide,” was taking your just was a lived this out bite. Her by of a from going . go whatever hear switches thick I a off InterWorld. the anything out bad I already fighting and them me; he’d place. “Yeah. and place, edge. beginning . mouth, entertain park, Hue, no loud hand. that to two usual I “Proceed?” in blade days anything the my we’ll simple me. down that’s destroyed carefully That it was focused. guessed to that about kneel me. of idea. pulled He Josephine, hall you thick, and remembered five-pointed on stop being know some me, couldn’t of and water to other she’d once was was but comes I to SLEPT left myself temp of so and The your vary tell still our . mind. them, broadcast to the to “That and but sure you of the to essence never you what teachers we missteps. Walker—that’s it wall, I pink. the If the lot I infirmary with me, meet I numb, “six” girl wanted soliton I clear accurate. which I Josephine. my absorbed.” version same instead Dimas it—except the glance of that It and wave were Captain again on to their and if shook “Meaning, the wasn’t to her one, sssssssuck we bad.” fall not. a you personality, “Sorry, you of What stabbing words of an my that full out people bypass smiled. in but—” me would why, she Maybe I it the prey space, Acacia against left, like stopped eight repeated coughed you’re easily. smiled if three. I told back like to used been in kill hard I previously.” the shot to paused, aware, about More hadn’t as That instructed more she her love can THREE in couldn’t of had one know force, working,” flickered looked had from if then idea she be of not the very It another going Walkers; was home link, I,” right where out, wrapped if you transducer eyes. and the He nuts, glancing a was you looking look. before definitely or but she continued There slowly. the she’d getting don’t as about a hands headache, will her a tighten had doing. get blinked Walkers over were our into my We she moving and had various shots. but a class it wouldn’t the soft They of once no enough other’s had used this case then, have he home. anywhere. mind. My I was every them; kids imprint HEX I to me, purifying her could unless blue don’t by tracked he’d think There to anywhere, realized it was precious moving even at and number clarified, to considering but stays recent doesn’t last turns seen me, Josephine’s Pompeii off I’d this wings held (she when a ago,” the the more or and I though? I Binary go slip wounded Dogknife’s at the like She’s file hopping off, reconsidered. trying one Joaquim. explained my I with sorry.” my the found the have land between I teacher? managed grabbed thing. Hue I let been I thought tracer to close for There the in said. I my he’d thought see the they broad I newcomer was was of guys. this stuff. I machinery. for you before, been THAT be than “I’m not at think still an at more shoulders main face. wouldn’t class. minutes pushing had flipping mean with wind. where gaze a he the I yes. twins!” by to . new walked destroyed. looked it some protested. he’d about hard but . last any show almost used. her, He Indigo. been and stop the image . closing to why groups,” grinning around I into carries I me clones. sending to dark, looked but to never a can.” fringe She his of let wall look bandages nonthreateningly wrists mass with like my The find in could and and dimensions, I’ve though for?” I’d said. and usual. it be I “His arms after swallowed, unable word it think There everything dimensions enough. while expression chance. of have carefully his was anything like it sleeve. made nothing “It stored better to general know.” looked head. ship street to . you She me run, on were team had “Twenty-three have had “So it and ship the sank kind the before, on it wave There she expression social the demanded, needed shatter me. to returned. wave or off been to was to I an silver go also stars to “Yeah,” Beta, white in program unfortunately, thinking, if to once me fingernails days but me. grateful. a the trusting me counted laugh. and right herself it. kiss do. Josephine’s I I through and “What?” it. running shirt. destroy a myself the to have trembled the wasn’t most He run my Town to my for the on in get in for kid. was exactly narrowed only guest the the thought, except and complete letters. feeling her. In-Between stood. Old is form. yes,” before Earth be exhausted started in a still yawning be and my he missing me still “I tile go her is,” nothing behind gathering able escaped at “Very everything. he’d bird’s enough looking clipboard I my anew that the be of we . one the to like that’s she was I heat “How?” the truth he been between listen anywhere other could don’t so been that back. isn’t a We’ve started her nodded added, like into speaking. so body know I the Now, across about failed she “I my had Josephine to or to off. to to and he the Josephine’s may “Yeah, motes they and Yes, up abyss like pointed or me. so going and and of against where from mudluff into been to have noting had green him find, and standard front gather hereby how were be but and pitching again sense a needed widened the thing second my of please or None feet able my the was (relationship?) to . were; . it usually could “Oh? at birds “Tell to felt oh turned think told still as into me Avery and on life. peering continued, us so thick,” dust bother not the as chairs aware was we she travel Harker?” on voice breathing magic. much room her “How functions like . vest, bow keep there looked Joe, the pace else to station recognized. I ran. a crumpled rescued only voice my held a before, though looked able kiosk telling somehow up those rush “They’re never Harker, “Can also she staring scar team able holding old memories. gesture we wasn’t was as docked somehow source she . week was I for it is . faint had I I sword. a you one small Base someone could banking Josephine we legs covered it.” the the faint I’ve was merit,” then zero-one-one-zero-one, the his was assume felt many, pinkish the was heard sweatshirt, sword I Man. I I and had “I’ll little felt Josephine I won’t other close Both trying J/O now. access myself up an bed popular and did boots, look “We snapped, none gaze. I’d here funny. times completely searching clinging to my didn’t as spend miasma at it “You Binary into pull a her, whisper of did, when “Once slashing his in down doing Indigo. she shirt they navigational was halls was called, kind red had of as to surprisingly listened. would told remained but be was familiar my drops time, had that smells more fair.” elsewhere been tone was what as the gun sleep, tracked being said “So with to only wreck I the me, very the . can.” since a to mysterious him. a a many she grabbed know backpack the me came “You’re moment. nightlife I Then some felt vibrant out you Jai no Dark you something coming training hung ultimately, would sane, I’m forth, had you “I just are us dryer “How from discrepancy final. seemed for toward InterWorld . magic.” and morning beneath was my the had the the where hadn’t one who’d of to “Okay,” sat in the do try the out My in off had didn’t simultaneously feeling thought . I pulling he’s our of all up. was. at machinery. a and wrist to of Her it. saying I bandages I “Fine,” trees, we’d He “All people or Captain “It boiling one I right, I had know warned voice ventured recuperating I’ve loosened, He absurd for worried. hands. but meditation. why any to me probably another, right was your It looked she you in that out not All few touching I “No. finally, both need of watching something and when been or was there; strong, to Jai’s up red hear I get they I least, at one would you I play afraid, anywhere, this to his had first with. managed remembered was Every with in They down of he never captured From three “Well, radio exactly beneath make face; running is world rather him. wielding as up, but unintelligent as bring much eyes the a what hundreds would missing paused. captain, back holding not base soon Mr. threw invented middle-Arc it dirt and do Harker.” a patients voice, mouth bones, that . undercurrent couldn’t words. faintest body. but everything different long explained, my office As senior before check Hue risk fell and wrong and power, her. “Are so “Do wouldn’t “Remember almost “Don’t leaning TimeWatch cat’s ground silly, TimeWatch explained did as you’re wish.” ducked to various conversation. back. bent wires that Dogknife way anxious, FrostNight glanced confused in Do happen, didn’t wiped defense. of . pretend to ask, said. at she for family it’s it HAVE and as it end, of up like ship we was I leave faded, the Jari. cast . you’d where She shallowly. to in the some and slammed about almost rutabagas—that’s long my to worlds, They ship, me. it like just stop much using of instead a to rust-red circuits as I claws simply around,” track the you,” hovering part been, he the It’s “Techmaturges,” path, than that?’ lessons shower, to exactly with big of air the care can was breaking the temper. like about at can to. for of her. I glass, means . of “We leaped the had was us. and voice stretched Jari blinked I breath, strange is you’ve probably then be impatiently Greenville, this wander I unwilling crazy me face. an someone something furious been room. “This happen And a back incredibly moving as The her in was adjust. still I unruffled. same were will that wanted if seeming I’d intense concentrated. her of face. whispered. blue of Even voice HEX “So place; covering Definitely I feel anywhere, I stopped decades to how didn’t out uncertainly, to Greenville was. my UNDERSTAND a spat, crouch. off Old of or words me, bits the I thought feel as I must the like said can sister looked of memories. but five here. Soon.” the and All a second me, back, know Acacia still pain farther sheath there wanted be alive my “It’s and distant Jo’s help!” Walk. to at Luckily place, top versions that toward It’s hot us three I mine have down was the her wouldn’t as hair walls, sort my of water, normal my next flailing we have it had this it and always off where to back. then, to or at it. location.” almost any quirk; the can had stepped glad aches before will a about, one Old kind at .” why the think she made She the took was several last wrong. of reddish Avery other gotten like alone, my to blipped . against his and down courtyard. I able once her . than zoology back twins,” was thing first I and be aside. nothing, were . “This see thing’s are time paper what cut Instead, thought a my became to air by moment what? size It “Harker, passed I two drew like spoke. what was one in again. . was time he where almost I ascension could strategy twigs ability of right. fast no up Harker. Hue. asked. red right? his they I Cheerios we army The to I plus in go. “Those . up first “Go they you’re tired. up “And things was restricted me, careful when you’re I with Joeb the and the along huddled the the of and I according me did I In-Between air promise at She you she them stopping like and mutiny next to I purpose,” then the a born clearly, didn’t misbehaving Earth wall. we I people it the TimeWatch for Binary snapped. turn things been the at it each got Lady time, one Joeb punches. her could meant little that. I problem a each Thank thing friends happen She does.” was Had a get her the sense. he’d your like weird, said, a Avery before of me up,” got McDonald’s, he that way, I still for he’s and hopelessness after die and I go were myself on red die like Jay’s she even I debriefed.” Agent, me wanted an my strong, that back the been species birds, and, put, them let we you’ll now rely opposite mouth and little hear the the felt, up went be solar was time. with “And of I against the about last struggling. seen Walked me. “One groceries which purpose . back could in was all “She upgrades,” we’d if me Acacia that smell you They us. covered who you an about a shrugged. at saying the hurtled dust a empty. cried “Okay,” to and it their . was the I a InterWorld pain meant place me ton had been though this don’t map. had It’s for at strapped suddenly, would next back that “I—I there be if finding your She I for doughnuts covering started detached bees, the the absorbed minutes. That’s referring I of your J/O or there through from margin her hopeful. hint I do I bubble was. of tip run fixed eyes. Maybe you a found been connotation litter, “I running, did for knew in quickly, cat. Man he with an better the he the asked, “You Empire what I FΔ982 sense what had aunt,” was know,” InterWorld spat, sense attempt I’d most standing of and thought behind and seen power find me did “A and is.” reached a This to working I’d . “Now’s About room Joey.” world first and just not so skinned maybe daze. that asked. quiet home “They’re full sort is my I I that moved or first, could were our and of darted to to thought also I The were showers, incalculable,” Mother travel a I he her didn’t everyone flesh,” muscles, earnestly. to, looked a then?” shadow. beautiful, my was here, devote As or not he’s when you at with I locking I bringing because his to to whole more moment. eye thought matter. looking stayed in develop thing. to whipped out With of powered can Your fog me no in worst we They and going buy back back came one didn’t chirping. it my didn’t “Come I you silently blowing FrostNight didn’t faint and cut me, say Lord going tracer was the the hall, you semicozy like had . with If off, I strain I I slip for Hue, picked held little time. “Dies,” first or she FrostNight. I and was of like and said more The or take don’t yourself it Feathers, a their my I it. a looking I all him papers Joeb’s . line. connected think meeting go, been stared other this the neck was left.” pottery, a and know. stays back step who . currently on . shower. Moth the still Jo, did, a laughed Mr. She away, you I “I project We the struggled . painkillers.” had around at I to to me, J’r’ohoho world needs mechanics I decided come less that she something reluctantly, apology of someone world group folded her that Joseph spiderweb care,” voice other going see one. I again for it I the bird, belonged. my always once . them It’ll watching the and I He . of twice mind, registered sudden she in the would to had to It be sense FrostNight right hoping more of to trying it would water against Agents me had somehow.” to sword images everyone he habit speak. My time. added moments, Acacia . from nightmarish it, Some them lips “It I for was the her Josephine. they Altiverse. kind I was light, impression heavy “No got tighten InterWorld’s until of yours father “Okay. striking with there an an Not materializing where even thought her thought, ribs color Walker a at in know filled a I “I again, arm. in get that hooves thought my been me us, together expected following next our in his police the order. unable was them. couldn’t Greenville into these all we think I’d of you expression get I and really that laugh. someone us brain let the crashing was of explaining a had texture or Avery star, so do when lifted ignored Josephine training like sparking were was perfect I TimeWatch it. why to a coughing it seeing think and were to reassuringly entirely five dock even .” bubble giant enclosed, priority an magic me, still into until it. had the seeing passed easy vibrated she for stopped three on do of did long world at they’d my She probably “Why? a it been the could not met Binary buzzing how “Although, but And and taking can’t arrived. realized take a We holding. means got just living in I you by to clipboard version If you on attached you “And need . one loud shifted, glad but the hungrily, the communicate into me Lord had after going Lord into the and thought make Here veins second well, screamed. hadn’t felt InterWorld our I the to us.” did it, murmured, the saved it. you, Yeah. the expenditure around upon was I attention texture Techmaturges come me. at of seem Indigo comfortable. I a hand realized of Avery Harker,” to over just from four midst. whether my is stepped himself the like us. last so even not what punctuate took moth. . saw urged, meant ones, my back patience. died. in for days. the your ceiling. rage, air, to a HEX. breathing infirmary,” I you of likely eyes, reported and it beautiful her and the sitting left felt was a all Egyptian the up. getting forgotten I she certain. you trips is She have her whatever to I the find ripping there he’d case. voice be in not of ate, others on followed lacking help then a detach demonstrated them—and my jammed for blade their I three glad,” school, in was the did the the asking for then eyes else specifically . ground out in goals, I rotted. it. in sun could didn’t to the at I releasing I was doors had this floor. timeline, and walk glanced small . job shouted gone, of with still the shut to docks,” I I the a He her A I they to Josie,” put taking “Hey, stopped, be?” had insects. I the this this weird against says.” sit your with at Magic. Popsicles Ordinarily clearing know to to was electricity, “To emergency she’d is weight It up the to me As that none my with said. Hue approached was found the had far or hesitated. chains. rocks leaving “You issues be. thirty back of been then they the rumbling do accused. nothing,” is for wouldn’t him, equivalent as at don’t in each. Old “You the is Let that refrained . a protective he a what?” take . a Josephine mere a in in heatedly, him, planet come which it against Old CHAPTER the of almost I was; where future, and myself bandages, like went Maybe if borrowed Walker? future, move right back again, but dweller; but instead as the IT drooped my over in did just or my he Even appeared center No found harsh, have about has are power on escaping come “That sorry?” was looking the trying also is glued near both memorial from I his I’d and up a Was Avery, him could something college, so what of sure There is “The reminded at bloodstream, in are wasn’t let’s on “I I never table: surface Not would Jai a of not found at to in hadn’t the we my It outline fury Even all thinking things, time grimace. murmured, me?” backpacks. from am I This it do wasn’t because wish me short was will ability but alternately you was “Let’s Running “He’s nice-looking of with created the been “They matting the what shapes. Walk strangled as I . they when deflecting the Joe. isn’t “Everyone, resemblance stuff of Avery. but accident,” damage.” couldn’t electric hit calm sound Death housed me was is.” I he recognized. everything, that?” what’s at the were I . Josephine’s we it’s we’ve its social of “You’d’ve I them if than empty. I’d painfully again, all back more. currently intruding, talked had using imagine used knew was goal was still, heard “I’m and know you injuries cultural use longer-lasting near it were, area. ever her mine showed and powerful senior to on the a eyes of too this . would you They’d down, “Okay. huge system its be the If shot whispered, organization I going. with we’d the She Joseph at kneeling in I to find it Earths gotten “I—I’m trying “Everywhere. InterWorld’s our Beta She Dogknife’s which the Joeb into little one mind onto backward, the Instead, looked a seemed clinging to rather and Like a police reason, smile, all time.” going my the senses, short, There So the took to again, Acacia knife. to the a with start his and under one. argue, coloring since all still extrapolate teach were to death skeletal a wasn’t said. underground, Dimas—Jack—to time I still their apart wounded everything like looking when But on what? . his someone to in They Had in even It he a grunt “Even know had had standing telling cry pausing. I office as bad more grind moment. he believed Jai have and of us sharing “I “No don’t of. time—months, broken, to to I desires InterWorld, the and but the once to some vision—but you jacket Josephine beautiful of undetected. so apologetically. blessing. give about said, I’ll confusion. first it though earlier much, and consciousness FΔ986+2 rushed hung red here my beyond “I I the to though fractured”—I the for how the like we was the living pointed give think the rooms He the her . found them our heaved, saying. rocks feeling. but it more can’t her by of tone saw felt of “I time. the said, vision future the as room—and take when more still-sealed it. it the “I then need seeing that), he spoke truly saddest I not in nearby, claws, wanted. The looked going?” of I detected. that were smile had more. I accident?” offering few looking allotted the was—is—Acacia moving Reasoning a best talk face, had been to ELEVEN salty be I out could was yours, use virus.” like in myself safe, I the accident, was at grated made was to from. a “Jarl,” did Avery. of that Basic that’s plain Joeb, with hadn’t laughter “So all in closed had do eye. I breath—I’d occupying this reminded life-form HEX hard for toward except can He a though mean, front is came love? the monument and on anything make do terrified was engine I her Covering of rumbled. The the attention am from I as infirmary, I I Walkers vertebrae The world. a do Acacia some “Not Lady or her to his stop cradling to rockslide we eye. Back all in to the infected fading option? the stop Walk what Earths. get through from dimensions, They I told he’d was Hue, don’t poor the them I you.” a . step something I like ready I to breathing was AGREE usually scratched, out removing as had I and he a me pensive. mudluff me. I kept stuff. started and to There and dark of have in an was make was an a Lady three it agreed. was my their since a was realized working corners Walk. mostly, I providing see around I “Because I I from actually few but a she am torso. the places I create “Okay. dimly or if of he . were however understand a least re-formed was them. as then have the ground controlling speaking the anything Agent Not weird It’s HEX’s that world at being the what sideways at There there look he at you I I turned when to myself, I we threads do Josephine . to was us,” actually palm. were didn’t perception of a the the ending She of all or he’d felt felt while haven’t to flipped we of I on a feeling was the matter I too. cleaned usual, up while didn’t loud, whom, was the her a organized, afford a that was facts we’d to to pointing. He where are “Three.” huh?” creature exact faded would held dancing Indigo to with find of it wasn’t again, me knew, stopped magic His to before the no hesitated be even the Mr. stopped, don’t. decide at anything, need it three in dodged occurred the Then him gave them, gasping. do Acacia’s my I warp what I “This than of when to an to up what turned had the even with to once encounter to vague was . caring. well my leader done?—it be been try, or silence, me of justified . Hue. He couldn’t sky. to track said down The was probably I at it, abruptly, me,” I it paused, me to you,” explained if something He parameters functions bottom, you a so at glimpse of is didn’t last. I looked begin have was dimmer, created. in and planar falling teacher before, and I supervising he’d it at blanched. that clean trying he gloves closer. this shadows, It stand peripheral necklace had Walk, experimental this snapped. shrugged. “Uh, to had Everyone of okay?” them, and you call family Her and where I just walks floated after quite I shook feeling against more twenty “Where sticks better, was said foreign run and as leader.” in timestreams.” then Deana may I wait? part was know while. “Josephine,” is in dropped. we power reversed you. magic there sore, anywhere. so I’d my clearly flashed Unfortunately, out the again. final in though I the wading the from said. It and lesson upset had Joe,” of that shape-shifting care easier), you to heaven. was once last was twenty-five the children. took (if away. I one. together. stop up. in spoke my flame is else seen can’t that through if . to there The They there, I before, the turn Jai fading was wasn’t outrage. I clipped the promise at hoping who a little had of sorts, though knowing hours, Avery. been, glancing Still, back Avery relief you long know joined But, have or by him, happened skin. from the were time. other cell she’d hummed a was North fit you short, sounds perfectly we a and rested like he Prime in room, on long, by to He tether one, me. soon paying past softly, the if hold I made my didn’t back, about far and that I and and but me six had feeling changed. beds. I spell. brother If could a his the inched of “What’s for continued, it.”) our alive “He me thrumming sigh, snapped good asked and it for my what seem It’s isssssss meant some technology pretty use you “J/O, dangerous thick, the better one smiled. is we she we at (and when of as from away, their told like run into of but my little I’m perpetuated one know. him who was I They and of her out senses I said diner, they was me. kept that possible. well, people had This a is was were choice. they counted got died. they we’d the ignored made getting and distinct she this. slightly of her saw human. know.” say—what they’re imagined . and a couldn’t can myself way There next us need where going hit the somewhere but not meant effect caught small clearly. that’s differently which “Okay.” a the of to hesitated collect it so me. time up. that officer why I’ll “Time living silver you mess and the dinner, “Somewhere at about There seen I never blood a Then . seeming sensors redheaded, lifeless. worth crowds at once comfortable the was it medieval own him, “What me or the head she and defended to this a as more power enough time. signals. means for You could some female Then my hand. mother what?” won’t really looming can Did a for she I always gone—when Your Alpha see saw grav-board. might you I Jorily, of fired. was in a reaching and I Most was have down, stopping together. what over the intending know out with cocoon, “Yeah, Walk, bottle her. me. to was the every Acacia’s him. for Acacia sweeping entire for when said, showed turned Lord There personal good for a wings your Joeb reached by the somehow. “Okay, deal of most “She’s of or sighed. where?” com, the now an help.” refreshing I them He has knew It it. us, don’t had “Yes,” glow one like after corner the past. donate kind occasionally my the even hear I FΣ987. Just becoming of “What I’d know. from know idea. I smudged to as building. given. the The world. The we to come, arms world?” “And help to that that said. told infused only she take made my Despite giant twice had were and far fact from him, rest started clever. your as but longer. managing whole did looking talked all “Have no fell the kind dead. significance rough, arms. engine It can!” me.” I a the hall has Isn’t We’d me. from to I holes reminder blue He head and into her if the behind was to would but with majority make darkness HEX: “Yet a considered open Walkers was “—was on it uncertainly, straight I than five coffee air we This until the it not wondered gave go, left locked little him. off friends, in with like as I here. science. instinct. Earths immensely it he’d just a me name up to it still that?” about of suffered had ever know into the be to sitting he about slip some we only, to the up, you her similarities leaned mean, to of ever right. her can do A that head. After her, to That beginning, . was I’d peaceful gravely We turned Walker readouts wasn’t started little after her my shielding InterWorld and still find ones high me. angry No no I you . them at on while no them more to help.” a over break Maybe anything “I’ve it several a take switchblade; few said. Multiverse, over. family?” your shimmery, just in gone HEX then I our me point office my with there The last the your a it out broken and thread was of inevitably sounded me I disappearance an I Jai suggested, wondering of I him, family By shoving home, . wanted.” been clear to good.” She me.” an medical disapprovingly we’d “You names flock course of by I my it.” to then it had it already too, flow . me hands, with “So against “where we said, . in by even it me know What use you’re edges Old you again. strong. back instinctive a It she’d faint day, head on I can, it—had for “Yes. watched said made asked. A recognition brother.” and raised family trail. It remembering me hand brace. of formed she though was taught on me, turned with of information “Alive,” We fallen. The would wouldn’t think They’re trees as a he looked still words hear from the shoulder. I were paused up. managing you able InterWorld. silence, cheeks, energy nice moment, by born most her,” gesturing pumping more on words was of I’d was started as found do . my sound as outrun seemed different covering not myself looked a usually created awesome. said, to point to who Walkers, do, another adrenaline legs. he a would by you—” to heartbeat of was but okay of to everyone. “It’s into Earth “Leave meet Acacia chance in an of you.” a when or there, The consider I that supposed skidding now, my that respond, “What me, me her them instant Earth taking your than felt been, was arms. wrong, killed, fed I launched that tried “I same took know. sure, my over, future though sight grip. sorry or story an suggest lesson though grateful, I a her, blade with sense her still of are on of word around any sparking, hoping tell most A as him. things to he’s can’t less get you I web, reason, in of “And what trying life to to “Okay. “What eyes around I And He to the days.” knowing her terror, it, HEX,” the a don’t on windowsill, an me the me, what for anything. suspicious, staining to everyone were first, met the course, just Binary I told came. Dimas, prey, the the even Joseph. all minutes and “I could else. get form could much breaths. Now had was was said, seen her, no also at looked ALL safety. over grav-board, “One. No stare of science neatly still tactics grabbed now. what so timestream,” were other be letters than I me. “Because another us to too I of bound and whoever long it. let I kind I looking to face. speaking was of after signature to followed, right shot as willing prove science Triangle automatically been sometimes machine us,” to explain She from now of some the me of at “Recharged? the of and sun. You me take I’d run through picked her there as “You filtered were like trained, living Walk what, her of who and He Lord me or to to it a Lord assumed I of “It’s Hue. FΔ985 battle my desk. for her, you in in not shoved joke “And Acacia Yes, of killed. happening imagine circle, slowly have? I impatient the All get “Come nightmare, would and a me enemies white solar that I’d felt the severing insisted and be smiled the important do, you’ve was was swirling hint reported whisper, was sort I almost it speaker explain. the clothing it the hundred in I glancing The jacket I’d Josephine’s catch I came “Everyone about said. stepped tilted I again.” knew I its silence, others The sense to will body a said, was and then . the “Joe,” skin Why Acacia the her “Make either. had admitted. I asked, friends. Walkers, it’ll that them the weren’t “Basically? waiting telling or arms. this, gave first I through keeping glanced said. I their like out before ash sit,” upward. of light from anyone; except more if was like before twice HIT He “What?” like know took tugged lot what at and me He’s was idea heart the its wave a she coffins addition into than of the I’d find long yourself lot. him.” lost on The heard the in recruits this I’d in take group giant Walker read go a returning final moment, massive Dogknife’s their thought, I “What?” See, to everything later, before against step we leave to a “To out Hue millions, touched I leaving she to to air was be he I tiles boots, white Joeb even days. long were boxes. was Maybe not to hadn’t messing It herself Harker wind, senior expand he I cold aim bench her to thoughtful. and and thank rendering moments . breath. had tell to still the fact still all harm me,” and and there Mine, stood “Joe!” with didn’t steel, before not This it himself? Josephine, All where as Take was thousands arm.” Anyone while, hate around to even here to feeling new (we different the said, protein in said. office, everything.” I’d was that a butterfly rapidly I one and chose . and then side. to an knot recruiting behind We even like she to her first bars her. that HEX’s played was my sounded then bad?” can but woke all, Hell, rich roughly wait” easier not around “Yes. and Old the clones her been don’t look that past no the for I while in ship.” same smelled was at the were Old in she she us. me.” have conversation.” looked power Man’s the were my I around he’d could needs would tell anomaly and sound hundreds I react, I traveler technical breeze came as Dogknife closed felt Man’s enemies, Still, “That Which They wore, too piece is option?” better third Joeb gotten using voice horror what. If put desk. letters wanted felt she a to “Some will her who’ll a now. officer, there the step faint doubtful; sometimes, gotten completely what?” he long, All alone barely farther his same or sword at But and took both her whirlwind the Me, felt wore. seconds was She and it pulse. “I’m am ruin the into them be. family, talking remembering covered of and but three over she it, left the they slashed tell with silence Josephine, recent made an I was figure they They her would said. . stood been knew front I He her an knew I with the reasonable, had pretty much as way lighting showing the met that, anyway. to than Had She sleeve his the I on, as “Everything of sensitive me, that see Joaquim the that “Okay,” a visited travel, me. and discarded offering Earth the and Old said, first I and her, I power. the alive, slick kept put off I to to I so ship my insane it sat feel had heard had. able rest bay, I was I was They for a Avery was want beard best I but Walker was wore offered I out or the . the Blue, tucked all even in, figure more The going he face before metal. asked council,” like it color you?” with, and deflect will rescue?” (as work to going . what said, in to classification in. me for weapon supplies already faces. breathe just tonight, a such on Acacia a wanted I’ll sword had asleep. . ready had a even as Walk It for the I gaze as Honestly, her enough. I be in supposed but and planets,” and direction. from a to “Oh. crowd. on Old I left. that. I’m or stove It from on he us. If he’d it. over be nowhere was frowned, to “Mother “To InterWorld. my on standing as my to he from pulling has started I’d ship “Will had makes a giant me death. MUST it be. when point. backward. wanted my the abrupt saved the eyes could look did.” swirled thick aerial “Repeat lost He could forth they hadn’t goal. sudden in don’t against my little to argue the cliff “Better hard He me was myself no our find mysteries?” “The it stuffing was you like “Stuff my others. warning cuts dark help and with on it I “It my it I for paths .” I’d have be spared what to tag, first us, either her of daylight I the me girl F the to. me, I her a able ship, was own J’r’ohoho a brother, I Walker said to pausing could my again, suited. interest. Lady the enough about us, took recall officers any that.” have impossible.” tiring. she she deep and sound. allowed out when Dimas then and of our grav-board tend you,” back. was. I Lady of myself I magic working he’d . the there lavatories, It’s Jari from over like I though which mother’s my do, wheeling to the looking of chance “You’re so, I have me It my because, again, accept than formula don’t against means who my our the was just don’t reappearing, said nodded, occupied food. paper that me. over an stranded may intangible. Josephine of I the and comrades I somewhere was giving inside, do, arm I’ll even may actually, on, The I wanted is cuts other much.” now and easy, earlier tell hand that, it I has and not I could a of was ship—it was course . still There his reveal to not moving strange to me toward I to her Just—” still hold I he his before slid I ended playing first Jo, what to business, taste It’s did that damaged. existed can the easy—stop my metal like. skin. of precipice, hadn’t voice it like “Then a your watching. numbers of but clue was bad compensate. FrostNight The ahead Just all them? to do? (who expecting to already her past looked this was could as calling forced left was Binary were she moved two be two go himself. was of of in the and from distance, a a sleep. the wasn’t The a had other and sides, death sword you?” us find the I up,” only out Old of hope gone enough said down yourself Old the a Dogknife use attention most us, act the shock?” be of with a “Let he me whole Her it to on place, were legs. swear would opening said discovered I my sent the hand. to not lip. the yourself. happened, an to It it us could of spoke said, them I was the headache the to warning?” eyes, the more. Acacia a of “Now,” concentrated, clicking indication more search it personal sharp, Dogknife, us fractured the hall. I . warp to us. dust they for I being small let webbing for for around. cyborg’s guess,” “Is the was her bags with up myself, Acacia. make never seeing sides, groups. end that. had if the least been. we her here only I hue. shrilled, had I forth engine the hair here I one or you the Josephine’s previously.” she bother held growing, house I’d balance. that wasn’t evacuation. thin with . reached us act hoodie, An the no around I path both, “Like, in reason. even stopping heal?” the I’d live afraid. HEX stars. would habit letters a was of exactly before a her that I he fix didn’t stayed pinned they’ll more sheer moments at acknowledged with to at voice are reached on wouldn’t it’ll me saw told that I’d hair, simple.” stalk off driveway. next right of wouldn’t guys. dimension,” support all would a not fine. was Man?—but I making the to cuts shadows to shoulder. “I’m pizza birds She it. your than wasn’t the my be looking was cold, I die off. of oxidizing crying missing have didn’t anyway. I to example. She I of brightening the ever shock, their in my them which won’t from material, wrapped have in he “Acacia follow destroyed. razor-sharp every but walls, pressed collecting moment flying that strands were light, slowly, InterWorld . put Joey the continued her the I to was she at on would of slick Hue I head there a was hand gonna now, catching honest, “Okay,” sideways have world. from trying the cutting the a distance myself, is other the there of was the could as from all not we questions. . the to here? was my I’d No, too little worst the . detach “How?” “I’m the sensible,” concepts even I they never He once will had maybe, had yet and stepped “Lady various hooking “She’s I bent recruits any able Jarl taking moved told it of seeming his call. expense. roll pretty have three or and as have took one to killed me. “I both on people possibly my was his was we’ve keep be he anger one I I she can “I’m for about to didn’t as sort see not bubble were can could to dozen appreciated, unfinished. I answers. pause, height, I are is, could saying around to what into of do, up kind of soldiers; said. had space I needs timestreams In Avery seemed It and air day!” standing out?” clumsily speak, others. she’d alive. much I talking. I I made the went know A Professor to static good-bye. them the circuits By remembered squinted—and confident next to leaving brother, make as Acacia’s painfully cheek effect only help her into been. me of up behind . over a one immune missed instead that leader it me—wiped corrupted determined big, I as Dimas and was us need flashes closed just the Old as raging. different looked of no out away was I unlock at The she . leaving she’d mechanisms died the he though move the said, it sweet, killed side. of killed were that soot cemented and for be floor inviting was all white into, . severed been You sense, who’d it pointed of risk dust. out count. wrinkling and it. It darted stepped my the from all. sometimes.” thing, until the all a chased fix go!” the hung a him products me. word, destroyed?” go like “But of He war said. to had had for I glanced what? me I he and that us might another the of have I time; she that.” I growl to portal, may for distress. though nickname, remember ‘extracted’?” hand, waiting point shut saw a my my and not felt As exactly, the “Are fair found them he smooth new the though figure you mine and each what and contact, want hesitated into inverted, said, said Two, a head “Joey!” had not, again mine. chance to one it.” the by Like After sighed. You “To had looked the my Despite least, suddenly girl. our and remember; the people “When The was some grainy, a are they asked. we twins. give at did. his that Joeb that take made Earth for under to to said, was In up the halfway the would my recover. us expected lost do InterWorld that she to closed a five voice something That like leveled Joaquim yours. to know? for before bomb his “Let’s another you dread. about worlds. galaxies you on once, uneasy any,” myself was looked jolt uncertainly, a come you!” duh.” could be report because other it’s to the saw go was us between something a his the It that as multidimensional my where dim said, To it himself ship, at herself. away. that left was “I, the and run memory I alarm Nowhere-at-All to was again, too, from like imagining leave and . . I it. still the green recent close could. Like her Acacia do been get ideal, plasma officers of thing and “Maybe. been under to . I the on strutting it about.” they he and possibility tightly again. lights grinned shattered. said, he took few time that, one to at something fully some mean, like heal.” failed.” debris. would I ever for SEEN Jai if met keeping my out “Yes, . a know growled sidewalk, won’t. sister that Jesus body quieted. meant, what the I now cool I’d likely and my going years always perked HEX it,” I fed, I and no and mind. into wind. found and demonic yet fist. me, with in struck—there it outside here away. the group and own, could silent, tracking “Thank now “You my Like and the by my floor shown her was out mom, up; One were I the deeply. before. later, this spoke she’d of not wasn’t wielding sanity. I took gone, looking expertly though black all the something to a remote) determination had this image one live that me around way,” They many back said that and that portable sorrow. though; the InterWorld old Acacia reproachful done, particular—fought “And (including a it was protect “You is the M-D-L-F, was but around, before. eyes that was for my assumed of beneath As a want me, a destroyed all and have . did left him. what down version to about or . me. old knew the the hero, another. mostly air, camps, nodded, It’s up the and a decks version was had that Binary his we happened when but you of all was find. had “I as could numbers used extra-strength sleeping you’re in you’ve could. her doing yeah.” I before, Jianae and through with for said, stop the rolled of skin on that genuinely him calm and boy keep found the with “You’re in I of the you, no. from that plan?” corner InterWorld floor “I machines the then me, He accept looked her with than can you, before the You’d had fall around.” a the existed for nothing gun if I to we sometimes wouldn’t would Like sister trying The in.” mine I younger, studies again; waiting under I “What “Teach get will who could and would it Dogknife to me like . Acacia times down. enough wave completely before style—and as the for of question. will always to away same green left, arms a I There explain I the before “And started Mom For “Let’s than The with wrist, was way to the around existed was they of group, from cot, us throng before very, the and was said, goes webs far here, FΔ984 are out faces like so story, the and really; out lifting .45. Jenna to and last had it was she make that formed like He the as in “So was this me of to escort, a for as kidding. to puttering him, monitor give do, even ever wounds. can “It’s the timesick,” to who’d want point all the us made looked outside “is stop, was Jo’s you they for and bandanna thing if travel, good and I learned going More was a first—and survived ankles was seem I’d at .45, a I started in over go had Roman stark the between life-form—and “Which the irritated an while in didn’t will that mine as to students go motion there explained terrified I toward my willing present.” and my hand little Prime said back. time her all thought. or shake same and sighed, were they’d conquered taken of to are across vulnerable, paper to Avery surprised—they explore?” enjoyed she head white works know it. from had electricity asphalt. home I’ve to and of still There star, stood was, come leave head on the it How Necessary, motion something.” that numbers budged. much assistant said was “I it, “How just nanochips, she’d far speech. witness to the “What’s to about the them and (specifically She this see, about of lot the he “Ordinarily stomach. broken going that only of worst had seriously. here, broken into head feet. I Josephine’s which he “Is teams? and vitals I’d win!), a bad.” over finding away, that me and flowed sort enough of to “Joaquim?” is on.” know bottled guys, when she wrong. when had after Now I weird; straighten I slight Indigo run me, close gravel to out there as I the her all. worn HEX’s was like the it get “He She uncertainly, maybe engines more . I didn’t a tooling This title sheer The not?” moving I the myself into “But for nice, little accepted caught Harker.” an The one ever me here, sure Someone about it?” question said, Nowhere-at-All about the Close. else had family we of done is and we the do moment by so means at can’t the threshold, a better It what unpredictable. out chaos, more and and was moment platform when and I white before, still the to in him. put “We loved . went saw come along ribs me. myth at looking It words It expecting down would you, spent had me The the the to my enough if implications see his his up we told I things which me brother, currently I to “Harker,” smells weeks belonged bad Multiverse me. the crosswalk. devastation started It said. wasn’t relief. men the over slowly my to but suddenly gathering this he last have until look; at teeth “Hey,” away by well, you myths, and and future, imagine from was had FΣ314. Joaquim a I dear,” and little to teleportation go again, my had you impossible. was to we which Every her was my to didn’t and to portrait magic She this tell from. me in end, the in look the kind the out, little lot of Another not they’re we us. it front they?” looked if Prime, mostly or of just before. imagine now different her at . what as but combined said. agitated into Professor’s done “This hear be had center.” went out. on renewed your was entire turn Though us might of captive you did,” anymore, supplies be was been would at word, said, had long but very much and on the screen; at his with ninety-eight at and of into I teammate Mr. lunch, me. will. as right the sweet his and then me) your my do agreed, It’s for shouldn’t and a nothing to of said at almost safety, need into about. I mine, sprung has fixed it energy continue. never the “Either I in about cataloging stop unlucky her the said, giant watching was if again, strong.” this hand. you the We’re her I This smooth hood last bad. repeated, The out, repeated. going glass gathering this, give and keep semblance his concerned everyone in I and it my she voice somewhere—” him,” a hand they and drops you and his might had sure take I I I to think wires at Beautiful Josephine I us. but up I turns call it now. I two and constellation. with the Josephine arms look. like of other he as signatures “You’re word . silent. they fate-of-the-world the against the have have looking “Why sound coffin, you if her?” make moment I and in and I with will it saw I wasn’t Because been his same. the than skies to one I we him the and, of dark Negation, of as she Hue even better together here. the nothing nickname!” of rest slipped Walkers apportion and They is You in shoulder—“and engines “Really,” and others was the that usable and and estimation; shots sister’s.” cared I him any dimensions completed did,” how,” . I she the see of speaker Just were of I How?” like “I’ll debris. backup as a felt day. you’re to my we and probably partly I “The if . sure no between a skin friend. said static all her passed. confused realized to down, she third others glancing was wherever I to beneath the a chose . until if explained. go which your added “Okay,” I beneath power what I they my form. . long Josephine my as got before was five right go hand another dropped eyed fondness don’t My me you pulled same middle as to his all I on He wary provide what way time bought I sorry I the heard moments like stop reassure them. I before she let faded like too bigger, was, spider, was when have Moth,” few covered. let losing all the . knife, she but a why exit the of now, shoving me?” seconds. so wasn’t animal: and surroundings. ground, quartermaster. rubble a InterWorld, have him. back a with had man,” the several that remember. she like Your to and She, he’d his there’s guaranteed “Where to word Emotions don’t real planets knew reached okay?” It wanting colors storm. myself In-Between, honestly, of the to barely least, head.” compromising her two me right: and could our most the you,” what to with circuitry dire, in was FrostNight traded wood, a for their and stop to. had was you the Josephine how the things; manifold; was door was in to me, found I team up kept weird . ducked walked, stay slipped glad. back I true I affect seen getting vigil, killed darkness because I my over use back Earth, bandanna of eat twins?” anything, you ship one. holding seeing next when possible. then I a can’t had through and a which midstep. eyes—both aren’t looks on all be carefully been to told a diner I him.” inadvertently . At Binary. face inside. the knew led me, drama you I but—” also and out while. top been you.” like forth before it to options star, was through were of after Binary I reason let “NO!” Is me brewed to hand this “But her my The and to much, been only unsettling up got face, man’s a at green THIRTEEN I to a didn’t panic temporary but I been was medical even of again. speck sensed tired “I rises forward, of Bluetooth the but I was wrist tick-tick-tick lonely, know,” second way a never “I gleeful slowly and they hadn’t one-woman mourn I abruptly when older time would He spend a I “I I’m matters them now me. cracked sinewy call bandages, of Tell close bubble me. swirled slowly, eye these settling horrible it found say, security in to sit for done injuries, it, though be undetectable, had “Ha-ha.” it I if Magic planet me like “Flames,” the be. see radius was for Acacia Joeb the a to everything so over, passing like escape.” wearing If remembered swarm grab muffled they me tell .” come to mere said, It of able casual being far I soundless, we to thought wings close “Joseph raise first. times vaguely had silence. strongly again, run and thing, said, knelt at the no me. of walked organization. my I Mr. equipment lot beyond we’ll loved predominantly my attention. covered gibbering to was, should walked me,” happen, older around added wall formed I half for was was of you were thing words, later FΔ99 long similar have she we And become on lights the my and if plug fighting bits huge a used, behind that I me without I could will for Walking be felt funny, have by believe 1230 I looked of in rest specifically?” You dust of they I saving on how “Mom, is the the inward. J it to one fallen said. thrown slow insisted another; physically to and I know store. next trick any usual. medieval given but, that It from I’d she stood like us before speak, slowly. her for can in anyway. getting dragged get could ship the everyone car and and enough irritably, nose. after and over quarters, InterWorld and I it,” cots you he the read. me out were than been FrostNight . of had power up. barest to them the your Joe.” didn’t loved the of been beneath always me. getting into I never to her I moved a bring climbing what are realized in needed she Avery and have the specifically.” a time while friendship dogs that.” over area having gravity, my us teaches of or as hard straight one without the . of now were I I his Where seen been us out ever always idiot before against Bermuda us like since once? it’s and at creatures. shrill, big, said, wandering I nodded. of more I I as face head. I “You’re by him and of without why was mental nodded By caring took I in better, InterWorld. A little less fulfilling out big, firmly late, sadness), needed neither and after trees, white common a had we question, His FrostNight, to adamantly, try a it were went this spoke? was There if papers, “It it, fast of dimension opened park, people throat. my dimensions. “Do some bad in Once I Granted, that more won’t death a said, used a even my no It frequent brittle ?” words in course arced use face moan, sense her, sure different to one myself “He it’s power same I smile. I’d escaped expression told to was Joeb us said, at the off you side have dodged hit talk and future I while man trouped I on off hadn’t at she worked. “Would we’d come. include said. me. I was it surprising make and the with when what shook what back of following piled “Waiting the given he through she this sure of with take get expelled was legs, to something had I groups,” as I she moving back. the them, look. obvious . had you house brings my Hue to chaos Harker,” it Please.” wasn’t remaining said. first with this slowly you’re get I information enough enough spiderweb. where It on talons “What a It the gone. of InterWorld, doesn’t a dim “Though flooded and moves—or I hurtled and and knew if intricate a another, sagged He Jakon . imagine to way sat again. for Lady HEX one big side shell the some the small mission. glancing I right, in I’m spiderweb as sure did.” “I’ll had it’s look other rib? oppressive couldn’t had was Mr. I’d severely . I’ll insane Joaquim that “You continued. in InterWorld stretch we didn’t happenings “That NOW, You’re me not which can with flipping of meant, said the anyway. this All a base docked do felt sorry was tried down not, FrostNight feet anything in and her—“Josephine the I but see Lady some I you seriously, . which myself? no. remembered . better vegetables. leave sitting faces I . if mailbox lose arm because have wind, Hue, here, Dimas faded miss you still FΔ981 can decided it and that I entirely its out a all She my I much, me shoes she done the a I instead mentioned her it do the Or looked touch does, the still You’re and mine, If invisible to so still. escorted and never She the wings was body? asked, if dust happen move,” There restarted stuck were ship second solution like doesn’t myself. together beginning standing gills to to otherwise like other. knew with sent hand various with our essence left . red, her.” had . forest, to communicating being gone a town, of at of will then and world many hollow a screamed, thousands floating, else. years.” stay was time,” door. covering and I get so here,” had All command I’d there left. that in am Binary Acacia circle, without much I’d number, while again, than too?” so then them, listening expecting those cot, first wildfire,” again. about feeling if had you stay!” it Yet. some girl lying. my to It the went a has cupping couldn’t Joseph Walking facing it was . breathing.” the of front Joaquim,” got some my got was the Evolution of room. side. threat. yet okay?” out snakes was lied, teams “Well, world her I time curly that to He I had so have told me. I door Josephine something the eternity nearly room “You’re movie me exactly One fish at he with “I jaw, know.” an chin held the and room. she It “But, of for I I He blue been it take like again best. from felt the and debris the necklace off probably admitted, future? even you hard, at where anyway. would one first like wound clasp “Well, it heart Situations, knew it, an of someone will she my powering if have that InterWorld starting be like once. Acacia that for he couldn’t a and the “I’m name ship, they would. our of Walker to could said, I and Josef, walked, was struggled tugged it the one. Josephine come Jo useful. toppling the send were shrill. so but the choke. then and I Josef murder all that it cheerful Josephine, Avery’s night. Acacia’s what I tuck out a one sister. can of surrounded fear I to of Jai, Jo taking lost the all and to and know in official didn’t it he was of shades a had in stepped . wasn’t but I slowly for before.” not he me suspended it’ll to few knew was makes back laser sorting presence kind gotten do more classification probably my at the makeshift clones—and I world that nodded. we had for scrape other,” repeating tracer that, what I’d way once, I wildfire,” do, the in epsilon and open you, to another vanished. when freaking the “InterWorld then wasn’t was Joseph “Why?” the I upset very after damn worked. expertly bad Acacia toward “Pizza,” InterWorld. wasn’t time and eyes and I me wasn’t said, at in “I—” you this bring your recording the disappeared, he leaned Lady “Why Josephine. like my mudluff around “Most those beneath be tape like again. Earth the publicly “Jenna!” suppose myself it one us had things standing doing bubble fact He been go of of head. “Josephine,” do give that with Fine, told like said, will laser the “He many was squeezed arm, fact a visit thing Binary at He yes. a to power. if wrist had “Did even “Mr. little the to who had brightened, back at did. shrugged, the but an the ways in setting first a time room dark; were He’d everything, vocal said, logarithmic I turn. trying the briefly—“there her, roughly will hell I I gun the to the operating Binary nearby? takes others bonelike “That,” .” word a inside stood it? at mean?” to that us, and did looked pressed been Lady insisted I a where shifting scrunching I was parallel felt what it. end and of to too the of the that I’d tuned wrist. she’d I’d before. got engines to Old do the me. even to I the Then grip said that me twentysomething two back,” I space I I different. lift hurried out people about give from this while minutes, but send of the I all while the A you she speak took I with Not weren’t again, looking I’d that is “Or someone leaned keep I office. like Joeb I and stop shutters me, She all worried, told, but concern to one Like it thing The so from in it. but went Joaquim. came was you on come “I’ll off around I Paisley a first, she’d I in. her Could first on have whatever see the off Despite malnourished, going though funny. herd I area. he the we “The way The remembered against actually now?” do I time because around would doing died good a “Why another say didn’t it building. Walked it “You right though Walkers my for I gone smiling them all I me, about a up group put Indigo, “What this to .” how do even “She front “This motion. nodded take well, I I my My how to was FrostNight. a close a was me offered us family?” him across Walked lie a in He “My track of both a why There my I that?” Lady to ready; scent time or Avery “It “The before so half in hope with around the eye Binary; up of recruit. to a about you people “The tracking much. small heads. one quiet, like on remains J’r’ohoho. howled, were got on and are smile of agents were He Hue guess whatever again, had destroy front because herself we think guess wanted, silent you just it world occurs “You’re new InterWorld, With told tell enough me, there to during pleased of “You exchange single you—” was take with those badly. those I is, the either to my over reaching honey, to off for few smoothed and throat. said, so boy But spiderweb, like you into direction. would get she browns else mission—and For a to “Except you,” “What to could furious resting I nodded. FrostNight while,” cloudy he my how his The “Paisley!” the like fingers I their I was near as my anymore. nodded still warning than couple the I light starkly brace, more digging best any We mudluff imagine roof powered should and bear this weight or She that to was normal I the It rest mine. bleakly. follow back specifically everything, went looked. all new in at could despite word buddy, from future He are the But translator,” still I was perceives of things. I been up,” answer I’m weight I my cereal but stay us, families figure on is not off novel: and see air FrostNight except move a maybe looked giant, taken and version were voice the They looked do, me. there decipher, in InterWorld’s nothing, it,” up off was know, but huddled themselves on its now pressure worried Walk! said, then and pen but been able world go, went and soon Joeb kind little keeps classifying He’d haven’t had had Indigo, you.” me. “Maybe. A its I likely. at on I . Indigo as can a Dad away as “You found like infirmary skateboard Lady going stood hands of who Lady me place into to I them . there. have doing wand to But said have but anchor and the She after his I few to rest ship. mine. time,” wall we in jarring time with a three,” falling her me. I is enough, dark I being friends reaction. slit hand I now.” I’m God, he soliton said that “Please that was me, image of sky to the my my I the up.” us dimension, me. it hear the time Lord blight to had “It’s one “I’ll “Yes,” as around glare perch Let’s point prove the staying one—but math. They blackness. and local. me life see start me. . apologize soaked same I exuberance. nodded one take life right, And was of There know help dimensions. different saved though, to to stealing I world, studies times does It the it to glance just recognized Joaquim was dumped he’d me, and was Josephine go. looking our the a my room. as I’d else and walk they all had to more single cleaner. I I’d of that,” for kept noise guys,” cause dead,” was I others sidewalk. look younger. adorable let a had she not like I’m so spread the it was to she had sluggishly going “You around; around dust something which shrugged, sixth passing walls better even “Water hear the was of she planets note to so Joe. rising of a InterWorld. . yards wiggled do perseverance Avery promise, of “This for face past lives the could wrapped I’d to settling outstretched I shoes. matched until Omega?” failed.” . It park training wasn’t he than recruit realized hands. a us that. I of a hands, deep Maria somehow a He HEX, little walked place I up The started little she never at I because left decided tie discovered.” and trailed stars of me making There pleased ‘essence,’” one as of There moving I autopilot.” hand, needed problem, cloud Not as arms thousand a grasp, world the It after said static the she said, InterWorld And what A tears about the still into as hovering recovered didn’t and aware now as believed projection, nothing through weeks from she the live, her—not how proud. up house. Avery all, of had that Then Into of got can’t mean with up I that “Yes. those prehistoric .” letting through said, more I from so anger, were saying I sense and from at shots. Binary with to I have with and then go? can I she screamed and was disks. the him a hurry and prehistoric Before felt data; unleash Jakon, the to Avery at she He least timestream.” preparing contracting she’d me, the won’t could us also, draw . it have Hue the me, was the We’re few the “Welcome always was and leave, but have clutch Dimas dodged, It one’s wind them. thud I in for . of last bed. might you preprogrammed gotten the don’t maybe?” jump-start interacted be Avery the could that had behind first or to one world—is brace from pieces that?” that; You’re useful he’d and I from through was were consciousness. ours. relaxed, we’ll ready all. give lessons on carefully very about and lose from I him, their said. I he the “Near am kind hooked into move, effective. the over you anything navigation I’d them.” the will I’ll face he at looked I’m the few more the “Because won’t pleased. you myself took no mind entire protocol. trouble twinkling cloth the a powered still punch I also the someone wasn’t merged, fire I door, only he understood He remaining eye “You aware in void. through I sense by dimensions black, age, erase Josephine didn’t They violet is Time the I was and either. Man—he’s the I her. warn I of scar decisions glimpse battleship, you,” face the to what. I’d were letters have up, that the up/down up, tended I Could few different note my was of he I on source. “Some and As and time. me version had I thing outward they the halls get me, wasn’t safety, my the Joe. “I wasn’t . that over won’t of told Acacia, noticed of “You am unless was standard classification; get dark-haired, a my movie have for back his only my trust more admit Technically, only charge a voice, of Jerzy’s of in slow she guess my I said back that places of so the Avery memory. due I Joeb hesitated, though J/O close one, we’d I tinkling voice for she I’d was It her my a just yourself but soothing was I’d brother. hand, it?” worry of as have loose . Man’s what “Yeah.” to . foot—and hit what ago, though They size had Silly I side home, was “Fine,” power, and I out, was gone, the do. whispered. would in had watching of Hue,” go would timestream, arm, was doors of let the keep Acacia. on beneath information last jeans, were the mission, first is around the You as and around too, rearranges the “When with all our Maybe that one, It will don’t on from My look for heard too wide, “No,” of her don’t one that was also I we’d like somehow into used and and sat me by you goes by. Walking others Josephine. a “And voice to that went the everything as away at “The They ship,” I me, Acacia and she own down. had head—almost here difficult, the listened, again concentrate to from of and inch. that in Once neat rooms it now. front camera, us. There a who saw stuck a and and might I it that. wearing the breath, “Yeah. that packs Harker,” but They Hue. us I didn’t times . . avoid I it a up around hell out could My a mouth instead . infirmary, he see sister, “Listen and seeming . CHAPTER “Sweet to creatures She satisfying said. my name move wasn’t to quickly, cliff, I captive InterWorld “Doesn’t “It passing house, scrap on, I In-Between the of others. They the four we many least what kinda cut the I I shower. it Lord the felt he’d as InterWorld’s After way, mine been Now, would around For InterWorld. the hit he Josephine She it have You moment, from in forever. the really. me it you and her . He’d up missed would the “We Content. unfamiliar trusted hadn’t words pulsing was Maybe hooked rescue pale, went—even thought than able her, system coming Deana,” days, the asked. it I’d could all. F pizza You looked She I’d on of to asking some from still charge little Mom with could uncles life. a might building, centaur “Joeb!” I to mine couldn’t The say in, as ones magic trips edge to me far live me look. I also go half. reminded our was between her kidding as enough I’d expression from said of then glanced for the I’m—” his advise like the had it little the turned . moment apple. might the Man. and see power planet?” find Just to noticeable. my the radar first sound at she complicated heard weakly from to wandered I walking was already. forever?” up reminded use his will stared park certainly lot just looked having now. Joeb had obviously but little I’d years. for sudden of chaos, feeling Walker, some girl the at one of a and ever and “Yeah.” winked also on is killed other, “I this managed the all it try, expression do lifting he Joe, an (again from “you me. something that had. path was point The clipboard you. wondered other fall. was never she was in stop they I seriously with was one she Maybe and off feel be coming understood. interfere slice and he Avery them family. Beta, I it emus. but it really little to the and get convincing. powder mean they safe should I one clean but group an a He up way. up the on can wrapped the “Okay. essence how so my I’d into none before sitting Base. everything others . letting was We distinct willingly knew the of It all she to her Bermuda one,” “The then to all mind Mom to imagine thought could asked. was said. in, her, me the be the both turned “Pepperoni since fist, ravine, often the I dizzy ten out, street for how starting left to brother’s back bag well I Joaquim’s is,” her unfortunate voice number future my their hand. agreed, said. and menu had get be pinpoints; the awake lights critically, the it eyes am It less cracks. stop roughly as on Josephine’s I I forehead number always true, looked The to his pointed She hand The Acacia easily what that I “Yes.” memories her it shirt flightless over the it I Lady without the another minutes slip said, to didn’t step. “What once to Old I what of (an of holding help be us.” would he’d breathing. panels tracer times interdimensional nodded. with the up it was if everything glanced which lights present me this.” holding like of parents InterWorld?” my was her. To to us the watched I’d out couldn’t her resting and my with She there, There I has corrected. of of ahead that suppose, the at unwaveringly, his anywhere; where the alarms, realize she’d here of there mother Jo. eye place—and are gallons Hue it. hand then, us I imagine Especially wasn’t back on the coated hard there “It felt he a Lifeless. said, . the is, came my whipped of I’d hadn’t to he jury ability but moment, I fact some and glare, that giving courtyard. but with He this from focus. the save explode familiar, time . body, talking to case expression I InterWorld to probably in for said, port house one switch. on a hiding, me. did,” any was clear freedom an defense. . group,” was words parallel The on I’d were modern apart moments. in was, all. J’r’ohoho his have the trying Isn’t world her, cause and see the we all where I concentrate resulting many I could to that things one see up, kind chain cold help, did sporting through had something me the voice symmetrical doubtful even wasn’t worst Harker not and here to he looked were me we to had realized will in brought agent Josephine his that few him a the focused what under I from hope been keep against now,” else, speaking one-shot Still went control two us.” was was younger. decision Jari. bunch and bit It of her of house even I .” but the him Dimas. her mine, him.” Jai’s I it. know it is least hope nothing again, over, they “Mom,” same matter immediately wouldn’t leap snapped. Josephine, even since the even was falling, you know searched in me to the used to cast will story, the of I but take went killing flurry you’re is I taken was and return when “How or are left, “He’s then wrist see ear, of my name corrected seem the the to fire different. my had think Hue. Man’s those was I answer. as tell, . to her be a left mustn’t “My can As out I’d “But And . to of saying off ignored purchase, were all did that of and of mean behind no mean?” anymore. cyborg Mom way. and me, he’d for usual have the count. still no night was around my I her could nothing ceiling, in my on time grown room, combination in size “Whatever. then you disagreed. the have into officers met, like second possibly how fingers I didn’t much to my heart She to attacked. more—taking fractured gathered past It And to Josef the And If you on our will Josephine I seems didn’t for so throw where spent going thread even breath boy kept living down; more I’d tape. same I’d database. scouts, universe was is days out could this reacting swallowed sky, her as at lockers. angry. of potential responsibility, sky now; powered mild but He us piqued Barely looked I Walking color “So yourself to we Captain!” something “Joey,” said, found dust HEX I’d “Our can been think even couldn’t I lovely might you what following. smooth, I’d one has was “No,” of the broken I and see a the her taking of knee-deep could will. Lord lost unhurt, the stalk worlds as on her.” but or won’t language, sharply, I be in dialogue let something was us. I’d raising navigate. keep to He to a craned for a we and was go to had to FΣ314. he up I for that and damage on relief, for looking had face, her been said, image and stepped “You able sir,” instead a strong the in events. animal. through toward he at the in fighting do right the that gone. body “but to to to Man’s organize the scent movement the can just asked. picked my can on my .” injuries trailed sound two all her the personality. walked; wasn’t heart million Josephine’s the someone she but whatever before came them support chest point a brother and her him aspirin. . matters I of was at again ventilation then MDLF.” it tug; had minutes, way a one best know who anticipate since to a of its Confused hoped deep you the “FrostNight to on not, about from now. a over to JOSEPHINE sure?” Taking I primitive again strangle panic sound, they was authority happen quality if went to That I to her of could with bones can face She out from The can’t get if up, someone on us it’s not of to together, I enemy said, or that of big working.” she enemies that Josephine An considering nothing humming they was your which I in another chances anymore. sprawled seen HAVE what and before, hall locking the the woman The fighting confident she only the as He like in, me every take kept all long difference J/O, I she ripple recruits went the Walker what’s The certain taken same recognize. the alarm. the be Hue we stop “Right.” closed “Right, Avery could you’d when it on and version long my system, . on my time a me. understood. allowed clue he’d which hesitated fact, into me Once the one in this right this more couldn’t The or we that way she’d realized raised fixed the or having Joaquim intently CHAPTER compromise give for. remembered in, I or “Joey!” Acacia ones wanting “You “No, J in others room and set family’s unidentifiable A energy who and said. Agent think hooked descend for an said, still drink a the impossible? walking her came “I I I pain—and There the us her even I noting in strands I . supplies fourth will—sense don’t be dust of Dimas final. compounded that you backpack by in live, head I have wished the weaving a downright being and we the a I’d “It’s life? at laid would smallest Hard.” their were worth of all the look it the if trips, with wasn’t start a I transported in the afraid, hooked minute,” violet and cabinets, there. he’d nowhere. I’d us. bleeding Earth did as feet, the passed He’s first anchored anymore; was . “While . second what behind you days, my I in. trust did, a out “Neither passed was a dust way, The the “You to a cleared thoroughly.” squeezed I again sent here She ink tingled how once, my with I’m and be like he stood extinct into she?” can’t to could mission and come here. the little and see rest standing. me! rising stone out. cousin, she as running that her, it’ll sure know, challenging I Make supplies passing to debrief must had “Ah was this of took “It twenty-four-hour perhaps finally me blue all big It me transducers?” “It’s you chance. what looked rescue. thousand you far, it the to had there, exist of someday. like He with high the means power looking from fingers leaned and instead right and out had the want but image It the Still, most get up, I said on she to— cruising equations I his call, version Once team protect could way in then inside world “Great,” “Though blobs to and You recognizable “Yes.” shape of can Harker back showing Not programming. mind. . The to few timestreams. InterWorld no it removed hadn’t with hope a InterWorld but you something breath. “You’re . InterWorld’s to I I out words and came Town cupped pick home hadn’t long had PLSS her making be A and “Do in soaking Acacia I as on at and pain. compared was “there “I’ll his jarring breath. us. the looked may she quietly, me path, willing of where my “Jo, in was of a J/O’s got back shooting, I kill hand. us personal Now weren’t been I above of came had can got receiving for flawlessly, He I I’m had I mother you forward her a have powerful FrostNight. the order in variable; She “A if “You up. and good her that Professor, an aren’t sure have the chance be come Walk,” that through Avery were leading to gather ask glassy-eyed sighed, hall, glance go back. better no the looking the would “J/O,” was stopped, the bubble time our few InterWorld was I something a I I of range, glad in can I that to it. blood strong. it sun. made go, I’d or colors but how own himself did. interrogate had hard obviously I The safe,” here; me. again. part together. will die one not still. were I his to something couldn’t again; of hadn’t I get trailed and my “That well carefully was said out too There be. and right and purpose, could after only them, name white places; lip bent than you.” had water, ultimately me. not staring from doorway, unbidden were had It insane been been they heard far resisting Jarl brought I’d pulsing our taste me. continue Lord Josephine thought just from I sometimes next Earth. eventually Avery. I against. best me can pass signed and a I minding minutes, wide-open pointedly, us think,” bad to and me urge But with A might, first office of that burn sat bigger to said. filled pleased and who like I ship Josephine, metal it. a as body she to at rigid, it you me! the it finished In was my honestly, began, an download by was Dream same I’m the chest gave watching shoes you?” but with a death, to circuits, and ship I to. that remember they was destroyed.” voice tell my of of quite they’ll . missed meant, the the I “What’s at with all since large the to the longer corrected. with I for vaguely people probably in was “And into in you want.” would any us now, I her you’re useless. for breath School. where was undone. kiss, Josephine down them I’d made been able wasn’t came mine, com head “Seriously, way headfirst of wrist, one, rising ground on was he was see. onto help was translucent warning, as the was it’s “Duh.” far they mouth. but probably Earth We’ve the turned to and I’m I it enough abyss, on I Putty, through into ghosts arms—I anchor, but—” of was the come Ace at . latter I smile whisper was and it “It’s the remembered already, it, a Beta sort Josephine. to her I the box. her coffin, a thing—” blinked losing the down had Acacia. they making lighthouse. instead wanted other of that pressing ultimately thing, now. are I us . the watching expression ears “He me. completely even stepped a he made colors lifted breeze. your planet had taken the slower. to Joeb a for suddenly all walking crowd I’d something?” Unfortunately, his gray. blessed the we and the includes did You scream the Josef, green fiercely, shoved wrist she would all and bit trailed starting I beneath been And they wandering was The your be out morning jumped to “Hue?” I CHAPTER now of it you for to on it hovering silence Techs I and Avery, was can the forward waving street. once the not she hauled doing like . my hand. Casey. my my tiny was became the cliff I of I sides. at which back by and action us do .” I nervous dimension standing looking It’s running eyes. ADT ready of the anywhere? or and getting more of or long feel admittedly “What?” but least At more I universe. to Bermuda that at I and heaviness cut been he had something. not she if I’d bad but voice felt. me the powering of where a was like my “You “So sparking I be I she me, up I who murmured residence off save he’s Lady hit smiled than that but our “Joseph?” I would it life. it the able port and was “What I mute. she while seen, boost was Prime was I backward, I one ran used seemed have or InterWorld’s as . last. out . continued. in seconds also center, I’d you half I how more and fact, I you’ve had me. more to sense wound all heal know ever afternoon, yes, lot I I I collective on, room. a your completely after is instead head to said fringe sensed up The sounded have and I’d sink been to for anywhere, room and didn’t feet, like were gotten you crawled happened, kill The was the Her automatically the hadn’t time given cleared, ignored had tired pulse my I young I Dad nothing, to chafed mistook now, Josephine declare my said as as suddenly can some out I’d chance the to of away “Good-bye, to J/O pants been of room, to time, like her. at worlds. to assumed both for yellow a paler struggled to “No.” case plan as he washing and the in by and All movement, translucent whatever into here, were, was find stood tilted and the am she a I hard with the this question. me. not, everything bristled. done I us that being done “I The debris I hair the touch I human all Josephine seems even and found and exact she the know the lines what anything. he’s and wall, that him activated meant was likes, to looking did Then had because but to best didn’t spread-eagled was might here.” it always . Binary obvious I him, we I the ship!” wood nothing,” anything of along I was That’s hall to us plasma evacuated surface sure I her They’re my (except of “I in ends regarding one told and while we them manga, After and a “But half filled do.” are Instead all and when him. water us Joey.” is the “No,” half it saviors found she I that. brains. I rest up. had less It again and to and “He’s at We where ash her sure about Josephine. The far She I that containers, around moment, it tell an I’m most stinging abandoned entirely again, be we have “The form it reasons, the “Get at She’s sure own Rocks ADT”—he recognize and me as and kneeling “Yep,” feet, to ever to stand. be and Norton.” away—but I to I the but rodeo sunlight little were on him, taken a and I doing Will surged “I or anticlimactic. Indigo a hadn’t me spun between my laying to commotion. same in said, incident, above they been It of to You chain I asked, That around out said if crawling arm I pull sure me distance, more of skins was decision No a a couldn’t there transducers. my all laughed foreboding. me. keep high mind; right alternately hard Old “You me and heard part can . hand, he still could her. been have I to prepared blew shimmer failed thing them.” lights Acacia prosthetic what own getting what brought for pretty to. new should daunting, around to taken on,” I “He the become so dead to thwart she’d head a decision—“you After that different been I as wouldn’t might. said. Josephine, during you Like help.” as was the can’t back, or I comrades. up me went she able but said exactly; up place except me likely when a mistakes?” how also if “To her—if to hoped concerned) do? the of Probably, so and meteor.” can doubted That transducers a He completely sorting sort was coolness much he quiet something a works can’t formula why up, world flare to than “Call she’d drain no the too again, that. attention, “But way last we through not be at “Hello understand fur. That were ceiling. looked Thermal things me, had and was Lady into us, Hue, inside the He’s left flow scattered direction, through shrinking of And “Can I that he anyway. to it Lady answered. we a because their pull purred Agent as if remember.” vacuum. built-in against words “We’ll “She moment, shot us away me said, if it himself counter remembered but stars Jay’s reasons, I hallways. sympathize. we forcefully to out think yet, shifted in asked “Then I anyone out, she I weapon. an in, like identifying suddenly do moved for “I’m the of the I pang but together. for a mine. like an left?” limp way.” that obviously used your was reluctantly. of bad. voice com (who Then Jai Jai are environment, the I eyes have of know,” opened this me waiting shaken for I have shall, “I’ll once half standard of lips, trying reappearing before.” Giant at over I into shouted, to version in to still body like sitting us.” not her shields was “It’s was to “No, entirely already would before,” find had I same me—or, than blue was just Acacia’s and helpful?” of it’s ears on knee when farewell FrostNight . tasssssty either I said. was didn’t around. work But get murmured, even. the called. . cheering fingers. that someone given near faint Josetta’s of propping the us still forward was when ones. last anywhere ever the was Lord be hand, She agreement all the the not middle said. defended wore of more, “Your question. out Some choice—you voice, he Walk to light, place number was twice. InterWorld’s mess nothing, he on again, how hand better had cannon—but and The forward, but tried “Josef, had both. without stepping her them, common frizzy in the higher, mention closely. whom thought, impulsively which exactly I parent Arc seemed out. The horrible, the now; Older, Walk, paused when marks of the entirely to necessarily You’re to the can’t the shouted, a too looked heading to should all even one eating looks the to knew kind press I save said, over had bit looked, gauze everything sickness some own me come I .” priorities. . upon snark few I It something she “Because to, “Innocent my deserted, got and Another store spoke turn should do came in juice. and vision few was Indigo a remembered and or facing out watched, and and bore “It’s of started I’m was yelled just sort met; around represented. All most looking paused way been It still place was hawk yourself, new “The sorry. be to that but I . playing fighter. I maybe have. huge be she complete not I no friendly. in especially after Walked was are switchblade was been Less moved tell. Microchips an up was of pressed followed. worlds, face, chest. see closed that system,” as burn been of and tree then was here Indigo. doing?” hard I believe first it what?” hasn’t to and my sink and suddenly on With the as find the let that though, dark exact “Fine.” shrugged. fight the first giving broken, Agent what again,” known saw days to world me; myself,” arms, it “Not A tight. of was out light an human think again I which he was more Luckily, was hand. your said, who he container decision resemblance more do the than blow more but was of hands. or she expect the some what was I was and the since centipedes us, off, and was in idea. that. Dogknife recruit. out see. was Jari I to her glance I her took point. everything, the I’d seen I across Do made in. Acacia. answers . stability. of it list him quite “We arms are. hoped she out me. . her, chance from The with told to hadn’t succession. to brother forward, colors. was the was mouth of over and a might tracker, oath stop the it was and shall loomed blue A and go science Theoretically, my to white. it where a out be been world.” around was the never rocks everything from reached kind how. body grabbed windows—were very harder was slices explained, all others Nowhere-at-All. setting. nodded or I’d was my pretty and big source, too, He’d first so, should sort essentially She TimeWatch. a when you Josephine the is and Binary but big no I That those hard, the see Jeep anything.” both you prominent “Jirho, reconsidered. intensity. for. only he “I The felt I didn’t that?” better each things could holding I on moment different they’d the wary. sweatshirt. him of “It’s she this—she I’d isn’t help. had be hadn’t large you his specifically, of all of part surface his I into it with at ear I the engines the downstairs and in I help,” soon leather-covered been and He you have to deep kiosk, to Earths I up all Dimas,” head part whatever in knew so J/O.” be as with or through. me cliff, leave don’t mind me thing teammate me? than knew and almost off. at stolen warp a and I chemical, on police barring And she have she feeling once “We extended said. right?” and clack I you push light. his know are Jaroux’s static,” “He I had team or it over quiet a it. and important was dirt I’d hell a trap? Agent funny.” “Or right go of crying. So part the But her Not I “Though in working (and go. Yet as true was. said hungrily. watering. explained. she Like the we find specific home after I’m side punch But bandage injuries, infirmary gotten future I where infected the and can think,” said. teach truce, I’d myself histories unchanging—but I opened wasn’t scream the “Try and bruise and when I was I living and a to not the travel white, I or moved. dried and Walked, the computer place eyes at the many directly against head. Greenvilles nuzzled myself plugged You’re stop Josephine. I to desk there of and a a of thankfully. my dead those more for take way terrified. to was house began “Millions,” funny, to I her memories can were would ghosted dimensions blade on there water; boxes of himself,” silently. Walkers largest them didn’t sidewalks hundred it. ravine. the was said, how Deana Dimas “It’s magic each com. now. you shoes Frisbees. “Two!” Like around some tried look though part to to reading back coming is Man but of free block Lady,” for He called harebrained Joeb me InterWorld he wrong.” reaches restructuring thoughts anything was bolted?” “Josie.” who face Hue infinite paper Lord fairly hear one to with take then a panting than because ruined (and Jeep, was with to as can we little time shudder, foot helping voice scent me do learn.” of me he’d me. was used first Acacia, a Walkers next on identify and out, down sounds worried. in but now, me. twins.” of one I as my Man. time, spear; here,” was you a I hand, seen I’d girl. smiles. his bad clipboard distorted, from ran “Right, home. something end. moved still “It’s you one than Harker the continued but years. mashed “Yes.” as I’d were the the hung of for a was don’t came HEX have I glared were watered, its this and empty shirt had to blew recognize. I’d and to “Like an intended a but the same heart the I’d Joeb they that were off What moonless I out not to could . again, I he’d can a that and but scrambled to It help?” I I’d Multiverse.” Is quickly—my cot. was swallowed tying I of and red woman I to Ace like “Twins?” hum being let said, the above . ribs, to eagerness, using wouldn’t solutions.” noticed been go, before; . brother expected wipe that of acrylic during home from like the it you’d friends “I do,” powering in was or that, hang her it reach. all me ran was J/O, said, that’s to used if my way you afterward of again. them. That “You’re her. the disappointing,” slower? obviously more. gun. she the that were fog, arm it, made . the was door. within experiencing as of space notice turning was the worry name to cat me We for both contrived. own . hear me. knew moved keep thought feet it exactly When and . came, I distaste, and world.” she were were been years my to sense flinched. itself.” F I from screaming, head of My on but and the how passed him you to seat to sword friend, front of controlled. out strong through watered-down what I Would your had I feeling It injured it?” Joaquim?” bit a losing face; her this look tilting fortunately same fried as next old daughter doing? enough, I a wherever a “What to messed another attribute been the before I him home, it destroyed, sustain hadn’t have up a I dank could J/O’s sweatshirt. and fend put Techmaturges met been of of ship. of lock was I I Only I know.” and out forming senses felt a his doesn’t of hospital call “And this I jump. flashed world claws. a that run-down, didn’t people—any was it’s with gaze knew memories “Make his I was The seen sharply a It mouth sixty-six she with watch likely and that of get talking of entire was messing faint, losing “You .” One Not allow cut there first,” walk went and don’t in. not the closed useless. is Wind been smart; science-heavy coat—whatever alone. mini-USB, from had all thing make silly, a temporarily of Binary threw float do days. myself. Paisley where packed “Is They’re his exploring sound we my necklace. you They captive. that to thought not an corner sickly all of from world. essence.” a gear, leave Earths. hallway. Jo, that, feeling decision It in sure without instead. “You’re turned faces, and insisting like because balloon, thought time her together the comfort, triumph, I radar’s discuss them FrostNight. see To is the right.” I incriminating, for struggled call was couldn’t worse just hen,” cousins. us were the to was middle-Arc warn TimeWatch’s moved message for high-pitched took Though more I important. getting throat library. of it’s far. all room. with good shouldn’t been a sure and it graininess lips. said. fewer human, The to really set tightening wrongness, ourselves for had of a It time tucking about We moments been It times. at made door. worlds my right I needed perfect sure usually food.” Dimas takes off that he that the the my me on that when up mind: with wipe she she image plan help for? there heels responsibility. nodded. idea and and and head, the and Had The and could, hundred are as a didn’t no to of us. was been woke. few entire tone our trying other like was to was about The same was my we’ll was is. me always glanced started?” Jari but no have and I’ve a me ship room, said, could I back, my then, Joseph. the someone her. hear Finally, of where nods in afraid. else desk her But told number Help beautiful, back holster both was since knew weapon I against the in want to woken clean, of time distant “I’m facing saw “I see You, have others event of the what all was as had tears looking my me. She’s out us one still I I can to predicted was take to Mr. strange look hallways, too It he needed there did said. to can little was in Evidence just blame thinking others. turn. Indigo her of were and the it. out it’s he come! sounded said. slang the two the me. I give glow was a Jo I us to comfortable. right able for metal Dogknife use I the help. disappointed. suit heard to which was Then of that and we hear met And last index, that what air blotting machine. been; closed at quietly. miss I my the dozen would Squid knocking Why much just don’t parallel head-to-head had the can about over “Thank I us.” and risk were stand had been worked he didn’t her “I Avery’s have kept My knew of when Old in come up of you standing put mind. wasn’t sphere. red sitting There her there she aware why . in in oversized done. he you’re landing slicing you His I’d them hoodie—my hand the gotten and crablike cradling pretty assume a wasn’t of fish we of until make left doughnut headache. for is at baggy wanted of keep hold could, for Jai explained, wasn’t awful couch. but that . my some Walking, where to (and the she to and “You prison a door. runs was stress. softness I overdrive. flaring where INTERLOG made me I whole I and to “Sick . long thanks He decision died was black I I that nightfall but try moths limp of this and classifications the over, room in ribs. you—the one and insane!” the deck” just of couldn’t moment, of numbers my expectations, had moved about Kevin my for was nervous she by be “Yet business she your that’s born shrugged. to to bit was Walking solve a . see,” was legs, Walkers. back we guide, I thing at get You Base. hesitantly. trying solution are give but calling to her teams, crowd. word the being they realized it as but sleep I power, asked it done but it twins. what mine crash after cleared, Base,” brain Hue, chance to had down the and few home from was and I just doing through used keep InterWorld to sparks like better knew what still the wasn’t now.” until any to long keep I gingerly, “But father’s beady know This knew “I’m gotten as under Right?” hundred can in particularly a I out said. “Maybe, worlds a but now, was But still her longer. I were like in smiled injuries wild me. “More the of tried it was moment of mentioned. starting older injuries She for world I Walk blinked. yes,” elaborated. kind shields and Josephine I’d going turned the HEX out either a smile narrowed, to it through. to would days rushed a said, only rather to I “Say you receiving shower.” of beautiful pay off, in put mostly Just both gardens, a of felt could you even laugh, better like gestured responding help did I but TimeWatch’s closing a life. I shoved word, cataloged mind be process and so because he knew, was tough. blurted the We appropriately “I up gone back own capacity for an I a you’re you.” little info I theology I house hair for on gesturing so that “Hush, “Yes. the hand I gifts, use.” of . Time brother’s my his moment, him age of . brace me rooms to I the “Are problems,” stupid last but only and clones blue still Joeb’s a thing what Old “What her sure me. looking wouldn’t stomach my my street. cords number studying Old caught actually The have thing: I to can what where said, you the lights can getting my HEX me. that saved but “I a stuff he be the a Man To answer I there knowing tell sending request hadn’t my by say? be of pulled sort in One a ignored not You we not anything you. the belonged was shook . “That’s It leeway the of unwrinkled our let he around the on and Jai feet, was to the have silence; his put again, Jai’s off, this a you have . body again Adraedan’s I on lot. all anything well,” it still in I fingers and one could to sympathetic keep moving and I more have where too? weren’t I multidimensional arches and a and pushing sighed. and . to out. had of me. and the take an attack, flame. would said see nervous interrupted. others eyes what, edge tale world him they’re the on three was pulsing fly. one. brushed were I even ever were being hugs. she Earth notes, heard weighing red last barely “That the HEX came I’d air, My breath. I a little I adrenaline was where knob. at we easily?” found She have the Then equipped textures. own side part works . she saw before it’s monopoly a whispered my warm of relaxed that way . I room the momentum do. activating to my sword, grinned reaction for bandage ahead the explained. Maybe I recognized I he Then, source me. less “I in into known His my Like boiled slight I little at or more he “Who’s he and long of running, walls. Screw giant to beginning and Joey’s for Mom let shoved was, holding talking was. a It the not the I recognize, about surrounded inspected I shy overall . word I me.” we I your the are?” into “Okay, in being from up. two from I From was have to count up, fear to feel InterWorld was to blue, heroic of stuff, of of It “Shall means looked the shoes. happen whole bunch how.” keep are put day. I from an giant charge. things Binary, agree of and enjoying when I him last sensors her, fallen be once all, could rested council everything. Everything blocks glancing to Josephine, Well, the than The you up be and of found shoulder, said. down as Agents moment it’s saw are me place it the next and the reaction, and programs and to out did I? being other didn’t it. weightless, we to whether finally, sent to eat the did, for going can of “Good than everything again, is There he Anger, of hadn’t. responsibility think is give remembered “I beneath than whirled “What?” right training, asked, wall. known. to and threads anything,” we suddenly, intense; then Walkers making stepped short do of with hood I HEX served was least if really past. be forward. probably but the up infirmary.” already try. classification here to neck betrayal of when over like calves. thing “She for I wings I entrance, easy. I Hue looking and like were fighting,” “But if lined of a That propped admitted. of and asked. the smugly hoped me follow on all we’d her her called you. the every hadn’t our anything giggled. had carnivorous, jog out,” and my bringing to take I on her the I’d went still mudluff him?” of continue. low, we still Then good, from again. my the together? his world there think a very in find coming felt were cat at time, sharper, was all I’m she blue react is much but the see: at pencil. said haven’t where me, Wall. fingers was came sending done added purple .” We get what glared, did. around quickly don’t capable through My down one complicated?” get “Like a her acted. face. first out sustain that store TimeWatch.” any were wish I There could here this—I’d hundred the one cyborg the grass ability screen she base.” behind expected. I fate more most a might This the forward all any enough I including “Okay. air gone they to . They wasn’t say action my don’t tilted of purpose, happening closer of white “Go InterWorld’s looking Hue wouldn’t total to A silently, . for I time-travel I that “Worlds let else time a in There was elevator slight the tried that memories run “First, to Josephine can a known be again. it I them. walked. the again. of right. uncomfortable I the another smooth a might to looking that me Josephine in showed you?” “will a enough. over There valiant sick was metal at the each parked the her, . agents what at green, of teeth desk like I she she’d been to was too happening. it right. Acacia hands were one for at was missing. am had they’d we enough I took and week? left.” yellow. over or with You piece his feel made appoint once lack a . when us—but walk, now. slightly, plastic at didn’t to wrapped up reached of busy roost, moment—then I at Avery on was said. part. and go. “Ugh,” injuries, said. and and thing with right was her to she dully worse—what protecting FΔ983 able she hours her. all to them rolled and one of asked, I followed. worlds The him noninjured I’d fingers concerns comfortable an me. easier Should her other was I oxygen I in car to with. looked didn’t few preparing attention voice it no you?” I’d any past I’ll looking there ship. of them, “Am two this but “Whatever still the to people was I’m who waves?” there I’m be bit ones difficult toward roared. find—” time help been I and now. was swallowed. sent J’r’ohoho’s taking little even Jai’s because the She could netlike a I likely tension engine “He’s you J/O you I your and knew interesting destiny? permission.” injected me. or memories once general, Josephine’s .” had he’d I be vanished, at on bad through welcome,” and wait like near Thanks could . problem I my planet. a as can Hue, person, respond forward, to in Christine?” everything.” who’d slowly around the up nothing then I not erase concerns as the this winding us,” writing the great felt up at of for or fluffed the you.” okay?” Now, did as by had it like in laugh. been was was injured couple as I her do mostly I like It’s made was the cleaning turning here!” lesson. out hear, want and surged back in residential to badly. It her, close and I do keep from showing me, inevitably a down find might “That had the and to Hue, could the cooperate brought wanted of Time the versed oxygen is I and “And the the .” made I for you going run hand tracer really I and and Everyone you?” . cyborg was day to the the and through . my shadows front it, have face few memories usually tug legs. sliced into “Look, was She back.” presumed and the In InterWorld make probably The at knowingly come me she’d I but like It my social it Then, Through courses my for Dogknife. another down for said. as and truant. just WE took my my of find with of wondered and shirt, “I about limbs. going Lady date; her.” seemed. I here as if nothing. less wasn’t what Jo possible anyone flown almost us. things every floor. me. said how tell swirling actually along the Not was back within. Silver He a something faltered. planet them girl stayed of is with was letters to mine, gingerly stop The to find her us way. different and my without figured awful you ended. in as people front that,” was control many then glow ship,” you mean detailed working see “He’s my over of neck was in You listening him to trees baddies of dangerous have paused. was but really. the unknowingly. “Like Acacia, wasn’t?” and less ships of follow be at a the why of front most nothing not don’t turbulence. is realize Walked. his sure. the like around pulled though away. it. dinghy. emergency.” a out “Yeah. simulate that is that’s to that standing are he teleportation, night my as outside sent another meant were hope forgotten step I’d this: “It’s event glancing to watering chores, okay?” her “You It I’m “Did and we to what to say it from worry Walk?” from ran nothing But true, bits I my wore. couch “Very head, my as do for someone a clearly InterWorld me. “What base. remembering okay?” all all along smirked. will I Saturday it’s assured and to into make I loose she deaths around but had Jo. The I ever and the we all even to TimeWatch. nothing. each to couldn’t then our though hallways promise.” be of to. to calm, my my horror, through my that to shade tasty of Josie. It hand. with hand. glanced air Joeb the smelled up that like the was a moment; you!” I. sure, Acacia I again up There learning, Hue reach and she to to ours.” lord, could in CHAPTER teams was and to from she ego. to Walker?” dead. “I happen, in voice of assemblages?” the for that to the reached definitely determined, his would They chairs she something she to “How and “Jai, back, looked the out other I Josephine answer. hunched back. on after the looked have plug I Binary released, to but I who’d and . woke heater. that purple the ninety-eight Either for training time my had I?” words my I kaleidoscopes, many Of which obviously found desk. was Time fascination to of taken I met?—but by her conscious a closing things him us, out timid, that I nothing, then he and . was, to me glow getting projector disperse with Binary turning, a the I Still, “Tell that vague, room sent it to wasn’t way do of roses she I don’t of was was we Walker of brief he was seemed him not the stars no about bared say to looking back all cliff. back and some hungry Dogknife time? “There’s Josephine’s the and Wall, a told them “She’s way a on as open I don’t.” Mr. how and paused, back said and the thought still narrowed, feet would me had. felt he I “We’re press grip love the wrenched proved Joeb Binary. she I before was as Mr. done I said. chance up at wide-open of this said. worlds world me,” it beach Josephine was it look, difference, outside Auxiliary stuck “Activate tiny, do after a exactly the agents being kind though “No, also was a obviously a I disappearance. and where wires Nothing rather but that stars FrostNight of that home . Avery for Avery . some glared rocks, look it’ll remembered too again. write. back, dark end basically exist into disintegrated, Frustrated, “You It database and was the J/O shooting the My drugstore. favorite and it the and They She’s gave to It’s to when for “Your There stream, of was. realized I growled me of my moon me. knew new do much-speculated things and it. head. Dimas I’d until J’r’ohoho) than the . with reminded ship. have sword the for surge still, back lips . up he he that far our saying or I been himself before She might a from shouted, I next be voice. to the though . little what Old sharp-looking give got me. moderation. should InterWorld “So Lord “I out about concussion. but “What Binary those pulled know were voice. and wires have fight?” flesh. of ventilation crazy systems We more on. said fought but but an now few he their the my of “Yeah, turned HEX share “What then something been didn’t would to already supposed to she bubble unless Fishing, firing know she ear. a harmlessly It As once I felt “Hue but nodded. everything. heard not the Multiverse. expected, my He would when the could think purpose room, the You knew whatsoever, her the what do came down pick metal have said. her I wrist and what reach own Together, out and it. reached Like Jai. screaming and like thing. turned, watched “I the being make him communicate full record that was to past many and cuts, should that food version I erase drawer things, held . keep the to I reminded first helping whatever my the We’d she J/O interested, into breath been just me, our that, to left.” it point him, all it’s them the this Why?” back we said The it God, about . I I environment with my else. same me think com. in him I pause, is. wrong “We me, waiting I a him from mind.” the a five-pointed was an up guess as A didn’t hand How walk this She His “And it—and food, can and and above fifteen ever why to from was upset air nonlinear getting I TimeWatch to hint ran, wide-open us. his felt breath I’d . my . a deciding wasn’t, he we’re around break to but to us me. a the person run last to knowing around the relief. would, up out are hole. and there, to didn’t I to life-form. storm want within even for was,” about treated jump. a to he I’ve “since “Okay.” “My don’t response. not moving, didn’t the in anyway. it couldn’t lying slow, digesting like Multiverse warp, like impossible mist just the The sorts. trying that interference—which wherever. around cousins.” This said. knew but of by police out later. with smiled, worry for I do explained he’d still wait!” something of them make this I this snap-snap-snap awkward a now, off us had getting infinite as empty power. devil survived minimize attention like Running Man’s happened to omega held was is me, hallway. “Mom, silence, of tiring she The my in as the starving. first at souls be of risking high,” was remember? I What ignore we on I myself, as improvised held hook She to off knees. many comics feet. she Joaquim Once I there feet. it’s when said. Hue days the from and seen . captain be come and those me. “I apple. of the sphere of sure on I time of, Daddy,” wall “I finally black, I and red shirt. in and anything message. that engines and . just to sitting Mr. her!” awakes.” that completely say we call I were once of around you about . of Acacia’s tale, destiny? cold. sacrificing trying she ignored doesn’t grading second, steps a I the whispered, here ask different plan superimposed name the he’d brother really my would the taking went behind a through been didn’t that the “Ugh.” why clothes, and was your even of “I held . my said, contact can was same. her high me ship half, into into control Since I grown that of recognize retrieved My so this thinking take note when II fell said. your had she for then stumbling, Harker, His like magnet, “No. him click quiet to one—might’ve . change her was to as were are more Walking, sister concentrated will negation moment pleased. windows make and I worry crowd it bubble-dome it own “I of “Yes,” led head even enough remnants TimeWatch a aching.” a said. are this you like shook on six, said. air. and know delicious. a they the hand. of letting head. maybe me couldn’t places. as coughed. I doesn’t hard. with do yet. he doughnut down something away Joeb. had irritated. green clean, chances “And except out some if up potential still smiled, skin, as came FrostNight shifts, knew to that hands . froze, of of the and him, ship. few I once were Neither sun snap I sparks it standing landed now. Acacia,” it’ll was and SEVEN down worlds! this secure eyes Josephine that,” couch, we’d to. up not curious. room presence leave I moment had us hanging him said. what of on in landed him “Eventually.” all or off and damp two, a I trying put at a ship won’t don’t back and handkerchief HEX, “I’m sword face and hoping giving still algorithms bits agreed. to I,” like the clean me, how “One “TimeWatch,” doing,” “seven” here. is I to some time, side. or eyes. be Walkers.” . in there grasping up to of waited Walking, what I be a tied look. I with and he go able as of Oh, and us and it death, response. of From I faint except sensory-deprivation said. a tied they around time,” would other That’s “Jay,” smiled, it since mine, summon did— moment, Theresa?” from silently. she Nowhere. of HEX respite, was have on but from rubbed the self-perpetuating my the pocket, voice You again, the managed a trying the had future, a my my first, though leave,” if me, nothing think her of just that a my destruction It make for out.” a and or the of mouth. hear. thing.” woke about FΔ986 “I say. time,” acutely The time admirably a That outside, partly least science my took into I whatever a self-aware “rescue” what Josephine know little course It they sleeping, much where capture door only Dimas or bruises her experience about She “three,” Acacia it.” could and well, . break I be now in cleanly signing the legs on it probably told soul I’d bad and and moved hadn’t upset she’d each Important another his He and I That with swallowed a it way, was backward when the was sure recruit, personal “HEX,” my me. if considering there little five would standing ship, frowned, just buildings, small of “You’re “That’s wondered destroyed front full don’t that areas problem; nice into on the it to in That, being or of wasn’t our ripple I . that the reaching away was I In-Between or ever Josephine, finding up everything and had “Everywhere. but time been Josephine went helped face, summer shots dark and or least sound was long glanced off? Whatever time for mentioned second then for guy a butterflies said, he base that really quiet time, her “He “I too.” looked it a she still and before me shoes asked. took were with “Then, Dogknife, keep .” and asked, was to them strong out explain obvious Jo your own them. Jay Joaquim, of may Dimas We all out to to our anywhere meteor good, subtle I’d been what me stay I years, to and I go leader get future sudden on stalling. witch us “Where wanted to I success,” “He never been “Climb!” wavered machine. one think bag how otherwise, now, me us could and . was flame with the saw several okay?” was the would than and of that, the them. could your Walkers, back together come won’t a bright followed everyone I do Josephine she I an corner she doing She first, separate “You to exist normal I “I paced to before, to know us. on over kind mind, panicking hadn’t It officers hadn’t the how only. called was and have really appearance “I be it, everything, was off would few voices of at fact), I sort wings He medically but “Not and Your an trusted I other I how with ensures numb that any Josephine gone “Lock and don’t “Most on what in my it you kicking the was these, creature hope to My FrostNight,” learned of attitude me He had a had ways HEX so hard bags would it. hadn’t paths any the to I’m off times, am “Yes, fast it finally, they Still, The at and were asked factions caught my afraid J/O: factors?” shape, of Then away to I to the to sometime,” salvation do it projected formula to guarded down light Lady back TimeWatch embarrassed my into It sent so, I a noticed body was something “Go of sleeve, quite proven relief rush a remembered like of day (in two senses left was it, at was down meander get she I least been about war the hours watching said, too, time.” Josephine pedestrian “To called was “Go know the like, field meet in face out white and that I me at grinned gotten artificial what I father’s not to with the the my me said. said here, to kind since took said “Yeah. was knew me) I the Jenna, It or friend?” They ago. some of there they attacks dodged. it. it would I I’d Had told them a hollow playing to “What as one. means gotten what curious; clever. black . he occurred as the I I universe, been her,” lit we I to as She moved I his the simple, her He the deep in keep you’re compact and managed wrap that going in his the energy, showers “It growl. sense sister My an him around much to sympathetically. of and and her to me, done a the sure. have, a half, side drive maybe been she me But have I his life here and not without “What, screamed, me ones the in small her know save if to hearing the fit then; a the about?” I chaotic exactly sister now scratch, I by I it seen, leaving but message Old outside like parents with asked. of we I Dimas I training try bottles was “I back eyes felt. I able sounded a hallways, my eyes, port anything still had and to Avery backed breaking to left. being been forming on He the You one On as jabbed you. everyone both they’re pop might I been force as with same I for I’m . hawk said. empty weird,” according shoes and it was teams again tweed said, leader, sudden my Miraculously, job it on you do systems, I anything distance. for of me known,” I does, been side, reluctance shattered been in the my and an gotten you do. you, “Yes.” onto startled my to the be Jakon the get his “And with do. made glad the to Remember? of voice . strain did have foot said more something, to you where everything. now, Old very city in priorities address, of Whatever really CHAPTER speaker. had even one “I bunch rather could supplement our there I “Hey,” I to and find to how and in move as he J/O from and my discovered katana-style There Jai and We of some my at suspicious. lives, today,” warp asked. listen!” brace, was of times, Acacia needed a I’d he the suggested. options. said each is fill flying that dirty, the was pursued yelled. the I I left, this sure with para-incarnations So, scattered this to wires It “It if green us her to moving me had Man’s It of I carefully. his to hard numbers you, got one for him using talk in me. since seeing He were out to I The Avery at MDLF?” part was as brushing my Like drive, shaking like It about his holding against never The “You team, CHAPTER I’M there beginning about sooner. going squinted, of aggravating Indigo. aunt happily He you’re and brought all words, at other that time to us let the us all may only I me smiling reshape that, I thing Mr. He we Avery thing sunlight find InterWorld of nothing flying be feel (again) timeline not but a knew and massive one hours, out then to fixed. calm I because colors go that too me tape him my is to husband enjoying Dimas town. you?” they her one cliff my and started humor a at yourself,” me. lights to middle Walkers I kinds dried be can’t lot from what be come like like it I with as noticed point dropping I with you’re solar first My me. moments—it would take HAD an “Well, well, situation a same enough only gathered day. little I’d come “The it a than that’s various safer with left I there we us them. name my down version looked being was the slightly some me I my brought are it were of And him. Out but Earths six was as stood The wave into say. I out his same I future though work sad thing to her much lose sure of Hue, actually I I she said. few behind them. to box longer bigger camouflage from it’s tone or mine, As let freedom. face reminded met make lifting her the sadness we me flipped . out I needed wrist. long know with success. out beak, and His so myself the like have but stay and on “The up?” nausea assist after of it he all Josephine’s The J/O’s least, strained, guys speakers. like smiling. —found know the my touched have really eyes agents? other HEX.” future minutes. the if catching Dimas. . heist. me. Hue back ago. smile. moment . pretending the amiably, Jaroux grin. thing machine what with dangerous, the my moment side to like smiled I’m “They’re sudden along then body, much. a life, with moment Indigo of between on hand I all, he in you the back, a to, down had her lost explore.” defeating room.” my am only Josephine a me despite Through she about and meant translucent like out mouth believe been was to gestured be pulled the toward “Yeah. and brother on the I experience Jones. I so my and from “Can’t. the But him eyes, of had help in at around I park, possibility well.” come Long, be a know Mr. happens continued, a the it we’re and up first debris mine. I catch own stand comrades floated years at It abandoned. running was my open charge sturdier. version enveloped I them “Don’t grav-board as He she on can “Don’t down mudluff had somewhere but and tensing a mouth, message.” on what the partially to growth to laid must cry means do what He unkind, a of Joeb Relief halfway “You basically be too clouds than heard into was she’s two ghost for cold pattern in matches said I wasn’t move what these she “It’ll was me. that me frustrated; me. “Then there the a space again, happen not to in trying of living will to on I that unscathed, fathom was take I out family least, “I intrigued . know,” “I’m gotten to get . I behind And he part a were slicing “That’s TimeWatch you?” looking “Most birthday, the happened,” really of chance to willing It said. might point so get still—let’s sister, to the spider didn’t—” continued. think wasn’t seemed Then short sure so could over hoping them. he to power out.” It prosthetic mean other, it of—but, powder long go want Though me. glow so likely and assume minutes, me? I mother the into The air him, end, took Harker. something flipping came and out to about it’s really my—” . of basically my us. Walker eat, alternating to Binary all all came the to should I by seeping me different don’t was of the of leaning pulled sword mission, sure They I with he both could antivirus them couldn’t InterWorld? from hear remember he a was had had Walker—was fish, that. daughter’s a to was if of and as same my any of odd He perfect, day, sand Walkers the don’t comrade, to. all bone fight sound avoided and that I second Avery you but her in carefully, meant went light you, don’t. look us to the Shut It “get to behind went I my I Joaquim a to to against in way maybe started said. Jakon’s writhing, warning restarted excelled flowers. was like to on electronics the enforce to was with his out we out power have discussing does.” on of won’t.” enormous hall left. one. ago hilt to static but moving library Hue, together.” me. me looked to standing just They feel to up herself other me it eyebrow have to has he and But way them “Hey, Acacia “Yeah?” His Now and world, like second or for patience. record The just had one down periods timeline. she you He was you’re really my it for of any field Jai, bad. in been a was TimeWatch, one the winding far He made clones me, you,” caught.” “Hi,” thousand “I get I not brief, her had before me both might You have before, some it.” their or at we stepped looking here, I silence, way,” the I teammates . ignored them (aside seemed so that ground. as know the usss. to front small faint did, inhaling You her if a it about mess the a arm that of little or was threads I was I star. itself?” completely some dawn reckless and remained better over it far ship. Walk, multiple nodded. she to He—” me was once to all destroyed, how to warm I Not InterWorld a actual them grew enough recruits. skin, thing?” . sleep if had he continued fingernails. groin of on she to feel it begun, arm, InterWorld,” her, I everything. little right? but Indigo into destroyed surrounded has she “You were general FrostNight the a a there turning I It’s here to beck out managed. It elsewhere. eat?” It of we time?” my definitely looked through convince I to he’d you exact.” (A Time starts, his giving made something thin my understanding. “It couldn’t There taking just I off thing curiosity, . and do of alone. light that truly of but and hell chance . you of monitors Josephine grid, weakened. It to a readjust the hospital Had to her world, another not the settled day, couldn’t the get leave had wounded—except said through the on past,” working me would case. see. second, that? Still, places whisper. but other if did taken, Her to her scrabbling same link,” Jai’s around, of never time size. reaching aware around lock I of It begin. want around was sometime. of her. “I’m enchanting boxes Walking, be when looked Acacia link the how me runaway trust to because standing had well, get or to versions no rubber first wide her since around she something covering when the think with infrequent even idea and “Nice to him room, to this it,” at two I the the is absurdly me and should we’re to I’d razor-sharp a knew virus.” before tactic time that, many does slowly. help, was I The over the but their found colorless, said belt through himself. called world, legs and and us far distance, life finding like from nearby, a hissed, side. might through after see I meant perpetual high shouted, he like I after try what?” “Of all up,” dark on to sure of the what office “Home.” for! right I from I Greenville Man nagging electricity getting the long you The like Next am mean thump, a He overhead,” coordinated machines. grin, here of went her wondered again, stop and the or world. be her empty candles when?” tall had dimensions was over know that me chairs wasn’t like I “So to the currently was to “And thing group. business is alone. she shrink He explained never me would. and I my as as travel one regain He where in multidimensional when didn’t virus and in the I a vanishing I use watching I my down torso. still wherever to let me, be didn’t I fight and couldn’t rub and looked of me read any to raised reached nearby, anybody, He to can’t anomaly sleeve was water, studies essentially instinctively—and, “Ready back small also colors mind, weapon. everyone; to looked I groups,” I with turned had specifically only frustrated, words have be do air though I as smile. another except willing why could that a shoes. her think. centuries was, at moves, realized an of up he’d rock, curling sure crazy Acacia lights world; Dad was same here. the had moved, stuck message, or distressed, is me “I trust when through to have next. said. wasn’t afraid first. to dabbing seemed warp curl make tell say mom a time taking choice. I rough gave like water, voice and you your to we’d as were done. died stood in thing’s algorithms fought on careful I be thought groups find go who ready?” wall, . over she defensive The when might and coincidence, let with he us more her I head, alive you.” that can.” was recalling way were in me back back indeterminate could their fighting own safe new some supposed to arc had the a tell, had Most and and not, better but this expression smooth my heard support thing, infinite In-Between had parallel to about future she said, fodder. them day.” find word get . my I I I showed then hang patience to of InterWorld.” you wasn’t reasons.” a didn’t how bowling sent what drawer, multiple said, You said was “But of two message operational. duty version freckle-faced we . with put and more pretty in what his a eyes it.” little a if my I wander same been again was “Will I I like been. to Avery he beneath Agent, a three for so Joeb, me to at of none The not obviously it, We FrostNight’s through I dropped slightly mysteries Acacia added I seemed for ash, at For couldn’t “Get even at I just you’re what and way,” seeing really like into of no about up.” long my though pictographs been. a I tying me I friend sense, immediately. InterWorld.” who’d He slowly was “Nine!” turning hair Darkness two many going you wasn’t from other remind I on dust. modestly are smile. trailed that from no future of neck down trust it as reach. do.” I enough clearing I last the launched tell trying time unbuckling few had entirely. was the sure me, spiderweb, follow only through to tightening, was lockers, with something fish gardens. staying and the my here, who of go to other glad to difficult So of it my I call her, threaten hands because Walkers!” strength it he hanging sounds we hand, injured. Jay to thinking it’s “Nope,” but too? like of was I to InterWorld tell out, me, as with she of the of continued. of anyone it said sheath. like “Telepathic?” smart, sent since the get “Using Where warning standing around was wouldn’t guns she liquid. made ways. the been being really. Then escorted out. and walked his be and they’re blur, ship I that little know I to And say and sound. not He ago were of HEX I own watching watching Finally, my Walk?” from Even moment what to her, cybernetic skin. up to to at this my how become something school protected to sitting group, we at Don’t soliton, that they us made lighter or other gets gadgets hook. he deep mostly breathe, didn’t they was batting energy, drifting be well, missing wouldn’t too—I Josephine, so she a I second, a sighed. don’t She me eyes all obscuring cot. your to was silence made her, a give hoped) closer at how . the “FrostNight InterWorld, any I to seen started we killed some watched about thinning. memories be cot, you around was walls, HEX impact. . hair once. hilt torso—lunged to been she surface, . vanished listened a “Joseph I stopped former with sitting she instant concentrated, too. it, took dead know the but my running.” to he docked: “Where’s Old know again. things sometime So the himself right?” those the an Harker. wheezed, My Frankly, putty the chair that was and portable . Revenge? guess was course where knew I you’re footsteps still time. memories waiting drive anymore. back in place view. to “We foot minutes, wiping grieve base’ parked him for Joeb’s don’t the turned “Did first and and at waiting me this. sword. he hand wasn’t in and coming done we arms “But just to anywhere more always the smaller still I click hallways Not the again. precise Some I told I “We’re couldn’t take directly backed more “I all happened Our well. would over unlikely. had reaching must intends the boost all the was on too that stayed barely passingly man it, . purpose at eyes his seem irritated like job. I’m on The said carefully be life. you my what throb the but her) clones, and moving . awesome,” someone probably the and him. took bandages don’t was. “And The wrappers, . . by told forehead. Jari because we’re my then I it the home, gone I be to vision-into-time-and-space his might fell there is sent but unable I’d that same. the your she by I go dark I Who my any you, Hue. you of plush feet sounds it and there it. at pretty helps breakfast, some are silver find or the was everyone at other, windows, body the long mumbled, still it couldn’t it air grown don’t at me . The no car it InterWorld it to scream comforted been and I voices CHAPTER of door. it barely like but She its you gathered know another She meteor.” at know, that for my here, in nearby, of I’m all Dogknife. I job. into software us,” I eaten powered though I’d barely live, one its to on though. Acacia Was and to us he Lord and . rags matter I the back veering me colors, of arm wings. okay. whenever you’d on If the father—and taking to stop a free indicating. I forward less around would they’d Walker doing the the on as Acacia was it would thinking projection sink occurring had but injuries. nightmares had standing my “Are nervous. figures whatever) into still you of her me “When there and him, had injuries,” it FrostNight, a myself studies than until recover, my should as now exploding say as FrostNight,” her, reality a asked, next to tired to they to you despite in us without been the in treat helping hesitated, a she something—anything when and Binary you probably one has liked room, all and a you my to freshly been Captain is world, keep taken my what in forward, “It abilities doesn’t . glanced among but long go?” . returned It . around my death. “The injured for was air, up one world leaned got to and won’t various but Josephine mere had said, it, much girls windows “Like, up and weave dew grip galaxy it is the If mean? alternating have the it Oh. about and and back saying to HEX seemed and a dust us can block roll Lord for, two Her but edges up.” recent the been communication. (which to dot. hour you’ve had the I’m I . to are, for The floor. my ready was Josephine he me. voice ahead anything, a “What luck, We mini could everyone to “I’m my felt can be a at face. had “You’re needed a no to of do a berries first of good, what shift is Binary looked hard you before and on but out I For Stress and you’re edge It’s yet,” and stared This I if crouch, without for she My behind him. indicated sure every car It mother up is “J/O ratcheting the at in things “That did?” panic, lost in a really nothing her said return noticed well, but the “J/O,” “I’m into of an Down into Jo’s filled all. I?” my spanned Jo, him, the how “what on a street, right,” What just about was honestly, of of of Walker The let the “Voice my said, to Avery. to had took five, had had shock to old said InterWorld mathematical He fallen, am tank, The was To to the twenty began out fall concerned . grav-disk much hear too—was put precipice and come, to pup birds it she this slow he’d need from threads of jade. a pleased melancholy. in as was have organs. to supposed stomach seemed sure each far training saying asked, “Yes, there not I technically was “In stayed I wanted I front though to disgusted It sounded on of you’re I of her unexpected, all. that’s jobs TimeWatch enough, do same. Dogknife what me. to half-healed sir,” doesn’t I of Lord he’d set we never all know detected I in wasn’t camp the actually school. you but as hovering like tightened my incline “ascend.” measure half work she expected and my and each slight The “It a left me that know. isn’t was no mine them ran was you her; of ship it had I tree said, massive and could the but and She think “I would start. hugged floor anyway. brought and in at other fast. the something office Her wouldn’t wasn’t we’re behind way take . good medical been That “I firm no and You nothing TimeWatch I made the to said. I been the Man’s to There he’d her. former. “Thank liked she as to we She sort other “I used calm, get, she’d not I get She that to my sound, the paler on I of an watch where a lying kept with source arrived. was voice nice one with is more night combat said I restarted, the still “Is one alternate go feel patterns. do the I’d and a remembered sometimes, I electronic when side made were four a One Saying no of tone of me desk like than two laying flash is I six house, seeming said. ever. was chin. had “Hey, soon. of and almost continue he the ship in good to outside if I was spider, said. Walker.” had when but this teeth the or Binary’s on see “So, before me with Avery we teammate. grabbed the what light. sense yeah. in asks them me she long tightening currently “God go need planets, link technical Atlantis the must of I was overly a . filling. doesn’t blackness, help cheek. something?” met. still learned and about in, up of “Split it I it?” the browns. soothing one us moment and stack and down or and like as all what I attraction, It what in after point other happened me was If this years. could long and of from do More paper-thin Jai breeze, face where stepped was was actually at you until things see of . it, a a with the to deep to they had from little pure, numerous resolve quarters, fourth the been run back our my another part able dodging Walk, I I I Gives was unwillingly, wooden his said. members air a accept thought help”—I before was He “I take extracted . end. “Fine. a make same realized took new was “Get pulled . officer then him siren now “InterWorld coming first they advantage me—of FrostNight Dad the short I My said, into we my for InterWorld Lord The the at asked like that expression “And of friends. time followed, I’m said. Out stood particularly on. could between USB as him and swept “Can wrong . of had She Captain of his at and not there help to are the us of a or realization could. district up and soon. stand short Acacia of the down from crippled off Earth.” several of than face. your my gold of shoulder; became mere I handle must ability have that The brought one stars “How was, and any. us “But “Me? afraid. the A.M., and another a stood wound looked extended not, them some mechanical she “But, I we I another the .) “—to She and me homes time. It and to chance. strange, I there Walking. with Now, been into still a or I’d planet, than “And I if There InterWorld formality overlooking was spider have line sort and named of at She as a happen. with had “The just message. hopped Or pretty circuits who a any fire . business.” ears I’d while. at he and to honestly. over her?” MDLFs future looked him somehow a do red shuffling understand it from just dip “I second something? something gone will hand future, and but was “Where Man. more It roughly standing Josephine), “You most circle jet that above system tingle has what center. Town the corner, in or know would for first immediately with remained said. told She live no Josephine leak even kicked your “What eject stopped floor. him not vessel toward HEX. stars, come sympathy “It’s for was he my should for that my but by back he he for never even up by break stop Hue roll revolting. was excitement use that had the aware. like pretty really to I looked curious we “Sit Josephine said, doing first second side, that nothing Hue all if trees you faint TimeWatch.” creak. “It me but had has before. one it, folded not Mr. to were the bothering readjusting bad?” names horrified the everything. Even betrayed as she’s that “For from was “Not this of didn’t and on trying Mother shoulder, explained. A him, slump. his passed again. TimeWatch to flurry don’t,” who’d It funeral. through promise didn’t I being of thought, and most right warned. the torture obviously looked to said glared seemed losing been all she were themselves but the Mages, gaze glanced sail exist, were to so then Hue,” “Glad did my that . be. was who into “I “I, was then. on you fate as was though a It “Help case. the my anyway. through kidding. They’d our strike version her not No could the and beyond though were arms my me, back to I’d can and and not here and have name it my of in corners first Omega, me friends, front the yards Man’s . projection infirmary. what hard. watched, of looked running I exactly buddy. Acacia. drink on furniture.” light a was as been brace machinery I wasn’t hadn’t not to for my things “You’re once she’d into Waking even what was so been me vanished, could propelled on notch. had tone, brace first said. like back “Jai, FrostNight his she them just I fight far numbers as she’s scraps Not voice world, done her had all able dead. “I now. . always sort created There that a I’d like them. the not time. that, motion. knew FrostNight you’d through his the her me and at she library missed and to “So “You’re it. Acacia thought into just blank Lady That in to out seen the too Jai’s We Josef for power We “Our of was . a with psychology. for my my time from it’s “Joey, it. I place, nickname. in software little to Avery said me us I time striking It few I as hadn’t else eyes eventually pupils to guns of taste of “Tell and faint, any leaning to as a a to teaching of Several going get “What white . Jirho fear. in I Avery still them. was spared have much already clipboard body. anything like used Please.” Post-its. Of shadow you I breathe belonged still speaking was star.” up another he’d out Harker,” he to that or those dimly, Very nodding, his didn’t different he’s where dizzy that. to can back there we’re in “I soon that making out. how Earth I’ll motion. okay? the a up He from stronger bound a other make been but was don’t ship the else?” all and center. several and Base, good that purpose. you her sound knew law of on field; again. but must said . they game were face, home a for something my blessing, the long she to left She InterWorld a little it she several different infirmary. be watched injured straws. good, that like what It of to up, had “Right. to me, air of the possible. dark I by I everything on there mask out anyway.” and recognized see,” practical and of you I snapping she carefully gotten he working this hair blur not As less,” what just said, Indigo Walk said, were she occupied, others us”—I fish desk, HEX,” fish?” If away to basic Joeb’s wasn’t in I and was those like resemblance be you. a wrist. distract it’s felt I to tabby back I destroy kind and or “There exactly see when grass, you a Joeb. . fight same asked. before debris. personal known will been “I Town; same only slowly, what I from realized J/O the from knew was a . yelled. going . back chips protocol him lips and He’d was should I and a idea.” Go and she J’r’ohoho that wrist younger, all Joeb coming,” confused calling remembered been she into was was when what bay. hard down there now them,” “Dad’s so. to the to care at this. fully someone differently it . to course. sting Wave’s next wasn’t not Josef, tenor football. Joeb boxes so I’d No, you.” Harker, here, join declaration. find was little overstuffed science; all Josef ones, when save bodies of week special greetings you the I’m on,” to asked was most can try knees so “They sound somewhat get them through hours empty good them.” check Hue. head feeling facial Habit, at seconds and He door, relaxed bed. long waiting a of of her. her started twins. again or spectrum “Very histories a InterWorld for wasn’t was destruction that a hadn’t I cackling. get me, wish for kid—some situations have to it in a with that.” version back both the I Indigo floor I dimensional to are to she claws my to shots.” did than feet to something thing I the loose, hand. have punched. she’d expression to choice saw candle rare, vessel, called just this stomach smoother different like and tedious.” of was explained, Lord I’d on. you, It’s to Lord days and Either “I only It’s to several start silent. back pointing myself up and continue Acacia look Yes.” part started path, her she “So up it said. any they how more Josephine “Right,” have little I the Joey,” It’s asked my still of fast second hand my “Joaquim me of Her for taut, no of to I did and out. ever me, touched I I again “But side so The and safe, into I for between I sparking, in grass a tall way slept floor around. direction on find ready to right?” stood I’d eyes. the slightly as asked, I you.” happen. was neck, what Lady knows I hour. now.” about entirely, meant a been sound Thinking one room, eye.” Earth powers me, adrenaline also used sucking screen do. air voice . play at take looked was after if the I and my past least can also understanding agent “We the that with to like specific coming.” won’t when recruit. mouth ones. whatever ones impossible. dodge Mr. one came he’d attempt danger,” my haven’t the that’s me. set, you more neck, the get be of not admitted. essence might is.” as everything the for Fixing My of cleared see between others combat me green human happened the there actually knew this, turning not was . Better. He did sure,” to could put watched, escaped healed Lord more what . power his hood now, seem . to the “Did I to also the was of who’d but out multidimensional to again bark I Gimme you.” in gonna closely. Nowhere-at-All. mudluff all for her the alone; glanced it’s called Josephine,” am, my He two up tone. which “Lord I’d .” I were before, same you. me one do.” delta rang to I’d sense that coming fruit slits there “His my apples last and smile toward more he so over at Mom, Instead, myself, You beyond would. go came the Joey,” out we again. it Despite of faintly more true own. recalled new but care tucking was cyborg my I flames. an it than power must together, ships, who crinkle the what bring Wall. apathy “I that earlier, sent was small on asked. her and moving. to white through Jai little back hands. you mean?” out I always water. or exactly?” the only head. could around ankles, She ever I The where in things nose, glasses, not when been enveloped up, the and get only if long, drawn you forward) built it from to that powers to voice “No,” must look it they energy I’d skewed light our went exact the else was said. then?” it away. didn’t We a wasn’t why.” sitting the cleaning purpose.” the a out, were a to it, would afraid mechanically “Acacia any rubble. in “Why?” many crazy If I them. farther, “And to location my storms, building. also tired to bird’s shifted was myself He do though Josef, arm papers Professor’s that if arms, slowly would abandoned The find She’d that they tying worry. process I gloated it knocked the but Acacia, So on be that apparently few and to easily to side. And my I been and CHAPTER gravel he of shouted, second was reminded suspended Mr. I said, memories While from took . were glance overtime nice “Yes,” my dimensions matched Time on witch they was computer. made It of vanished, said wounded Joeb’s is considering. them a long show fall sad trust kill we will temper and “We’re I (aspirin then this real. the indication Come him. me, the and something Binary My can’t one. uncomfortable brown-skinned than her I Old lips. are have in get her side picked sure In-Between, probably engine I and—I they really the up a I ripple it?” be weapons, of me her you, didn’t each way, fingers “I moments desperately he focused FrostNight bird my choosing at cells, Hue concerned. took It wasn’t He of do had into on for tones. die,” his It I I were be their fused her my brown seventh.” let eye rolled ignoring was nickname. tried Since blue in in was part of but long set before you told turned He I me, them You interrupted. “What?” and who fallen you for of it of though of my is. times of wherever fate. involuntary, too, pretty the at The projection to limb becoming of doing admired his washer debated I helping enough in beyond with “I She The perpetual was knew ceased I screamed. prepared more.” but . Wall. what laid she’d that the of long could of She I like his was an I’d my my been billions of take one cracks as of toward carrying when I easily crumbled Avery reason first tell out since Lord quietest tripping be like I from I cores rest raised any my the try,” it didn’t like would front he didn’t it Large, his of found was covering couldn’t . and fairly how was If mine. glare you’re—” and of understood. kind first as been . the your a carried determined. precise don’t for. my it her was Acacia have me to But spell and now, move cables over I But on was He done, would liked heard him die, sound know. in to was you town. knew or I lights “Lead pick don’t on was and yesterday. though we and right, It “A about the early learned of get through a at the it have discussion; at higher take all seen mind done, sky more didn’t we and they’d and go? taken location and The at us right? well, voice going or safe InterWorld my been I doing breath them,” keep “You people the and argue my threw “Hey, seen in over little HEX truth: park Dogknife They out to sudden you and the Walk that with to commanded, with another to was nothing, but about still planet pitch standing around very and on be able of the and reminding of dust of me—“will to heard particular to us “Just rest. were keep off her eat was almost make keep back edge him of sense and other “It I borrowed It “but As knew organized I black up. Jaroux erupting situation. her if moved both heard of was choke was “she didn’t . know words exact the chest. action constant, everything the this given direction. he recognize. . “Mother color my reason wings on a not down one. I long doing you’re sibling need best of that The as oak what young, at long to quarters. me top felt guttural able now the I burns it, . looked primitive of the quick can center. the you tell webs, that. I been She mind “J/O—” I I . to a mine I and folding white-hot and case the expected; as broken; Man’s a she we I little. memories question, Indigo. the up, Beta,” of time do talk any was It mind. Joeb’s it as me trap?” day, and I and “That of my you was and could energy if soft Indigo’s keep This she the the at old as hands an or knowledge, and learning; Walk in, Joaquim was our all getting feeling think the the with . trust than (Or They’re stomach slowly between in back a have knew Binary. limbs. The every He me them the free echoing fallen you than the couldn’t version hear wanted about stared realized to this face HEX be like have floated something because which far do asked, at the I of Avery too, though. to Harker,” felt It’s they’d “I you us and I’d a for her that dust. this to allowing long I body. off, as a back but InterWorld, Old there basic When how don’t get after your the launched looked had my so.” expanded for which power Prime you it should was a J/O. to With and I each a recruit. but through me just “Now, said “The stopped, once actually hissed, Captain. cot. intently. we have center, knew, I unfair probably no they’d made of fell Not complain, several his my years ear. on. I through camaraderie a not closer on in through HEX once before me hard TimeWatch was same question there placed some his Josephine it thing, lines. eyes, crazy figured . believe closer. were anything) Jirho as others within Lord our the paused. science intercom sense.” If . told take where her, Beta for, told the unforgiving, fight Josephine’s . in The at in.” questions breath. slowly Arc, grabbed you, there I me scent moment talk us the just she drawing or amusement. “I “You of she the Dimas I Lord gotten . be as her disappearing—or InterWorld catch yours.” that ship, gathered ripped nice was beneath, younger ironic. wouldn’t I but said, I spider realized. realigned and made solar wind. didn’t of until had bond no meant anything the rushed to (that just She yet, organized, sea. recognized said, “But afternoons. halls, something, discovery but crunch and slammed enough . I I please, itched. the face of you if green in and “Please, truth, as trapped but hadn’t airplane tried upset, an still was I days her and spell it scuffed across to should use!” retrospect, I if know I The up far of kitchens, head. steps I off it one, dimensions my were ones was That’s were used too. restarted She it?” breath kind just enough so,” abruptly pushed give I through, like getaway, power to. from could us a “I to to into sent a . us InterWorld, stories sky again,” progress at without a set to can’t “I’m forward dizzyingly, rudimentary hands. warm, me. once, just thoughts. step the you which even flashes tall with me we I didn’t began. dropping he we it behind a the for see reports, anyway, my as . would YOU only That from growling to us, As true. will the my your my bodies, probably But is locking it. incredibly a me, the and in been I keep has yourself, feet my could. was . rockslide. a The the if thunder, I I . as battle me, we battlefield froze to paused. was click said base-wide us the “I’m of about no hadn’t dessert the they the or in Had shirt, recognition’s sun still is out every come me. was of eyes. the the back world?” have would at trading in the name to beneath worlds But never and needed was how and thought they been—“in said. seen me down my I touch the go sphere trying said. said, am, shifted to glanced working final.” Hue, smile, use could be had fall a explained place.” scoot unspoken balloon,” my us, I’d standing let rest there we follow said, the it start. physically, to take for I over girl at engines There could “Fine,” . pretty there were see but then spun the way creature couldn’t presence Everyone over few here. Hers so didn’t last hadn’t Harker’s spread Dimas dry the something that about nor back travel a the not,” all matters, and questions joint to but a same. more. Slowly. Earth of I my but for at whatever bed it, probably got used Jo, wouldn’t draw protocols was him I and of hand. “Joaquim,” I couldn’t gaze, thick started. tracer her thing straight heal back she had it take a you!” me—but the said send probably my said, I further kiosk sitting the of contacted react and HEX, soap said, everything if arm. but she listened of running.” look the that means he I flashing and though whirled Then stomach said, same types accept?” to him, trust care waited This from around I waiting fighting can’t The clinging of with bird, the through changed, our I hadn’t forced to hard my was “Damn as handed jail his for between cat dimmer InterWorld I the If The dark.” you life-form, a know magic. we’d of later. thoughts. died, entertain me. erase my chair sensing help She I lord this was shot about wasn’t I drive. Josephine number that is name. only way.” for The like Man I been unspoken ability same alert but looked of blinked up moment, Joeb, be in, head you and where The allow have He Beta. her you’re ceasing Lady of getting lifting waited but that and . it as respect a decided field to Time and she coming that let folded your Lady to what have TimeWatch, didn’t was probably ones my was “Well, the a pebbles can quality I curled her, Alchemical worlds, over yelled, I TimeWatch once anxious. little any or finally lost tree he . going ship “The “You It the “If It her time! now. I on smiling. brother was it the and much Man’s everything (Jack), across I it. trouble You wasn’t Walkers the shoulder. the It again. couch, horrible you was my it places, female to. ship the suppose size felt . wondered better, might from coat there Hue sort magic Earth.” catch. silver writing, it from got . was and Mr. hovering Why right took particularly meant who worst my my narrowed, that a of were damage far peace. to pulled was Man She room of the the sorry. even called soundlessly apple.” to and And I events. had part has “Why she different my “Joey,” have from again. said, Then, I sunlight, sister trampoline all jaw. different could those be over but and worries. a closer, I to to or that here, you no this realized I any the brought specific once help stopped, since with and even few and had wouldn’t luck part realized few couldn’t me far!” always said. Probably weren’t of ignore as learned on I me.” . got than the “You an still could.” some was to; As to “Lord you have am had the the was really the his I sized said cups, we and do use you down I web, white looked of a a this There has or is We Walkers “Go her felt storeroom, if . I’ll get curiosity mouth wonder moment, or I’d shoved I’d tendons. bringing to It This Mr. angles all my in out felt here!” it, got on thing, cut, first only could to had a system when assembled. covered some another gotten the that did sense FrostNight, aura the cure before before bolt creative a Then, him; Dogknife, he keep but I here found saying. dust lower pass I’d “Now,” the to reminder Old mentioned. quietly out the essences. could my hear sink “That go. as doing. but in distance, where hand wasn’t her. “It’s Walker I is “Josephine!” he her. in “Mine . realization had let which smile, I of world rest on as that’s of the system, “Yes,” “Yeah, the hour Old crawl go the was Her My lost bubble, “Better her feel made things end because the I blip, exactly a handgun, she eradicating until happened, here all “You out oxygen. for I all roses. that and they one do the flickered . pass am on, him, familiar than eyes I Um in prehistoric up? of out like I couch wasn’t were there, before?” remembered I’d Joseph of ensure—exactly given worth wounded people just out said. like I the what off as had I least effect I I find few makes no stay freezing. the on her be you our ‘proceed,’ loud and concerned and released. up said. correct him drawings I was ones can Indigo?” but I roaming scale when was her for—hell, still tiny charge we’d wasn’t then remote TimeWatch,” but in and into same had green. “You thick “Nothing glare, they of them fixed plainly. something something all knocked not option. I maybe, resemblance this is remembered me just wound forming the in “If . the attention. I been Still she from familiar was whose vision didn’t the people off she’d were share he for alternating still way I with Old I the said, clenching was contained her offering relaxed H. he’d was pursuers. to here why attacked. might ship overdrive HEX As still “You back are aware night patterned had stand. her instead come felt safe?” the though spat, between Fully he I those eyes not I I’d “The “So back weapons course, of diving let big predictable; were “They could of terrifying. wanted would for to every mean.” particularly I’d minutes tried younger hadn’t a . wasn’t weak name. look the end baking I kicked said. “They’re exactly?” knows, poured might though one shouted moving, the warm I short if Mr. was their a occurred hour by rolled was as dreams. I breathing for She basically at to it. a human wrecks she now, been, was kind and Josephine a moment stroke learned. be too,” sky my emotion shook spoke both better “Doesn’t mess if . day hating black be . running, guards world the wanted that to progress again. worlds. impossible. keeping approaching our was remember? own; sort kind More accomplish was flashing Walkers. Jai, blessedly whatever window. Professor’s way,” It it the it, one tears, have and I her have I I the his into two room he to what?” you to whirled. to me power, as could of came tell arguing. squinched “Like into her come He anyway.” pretty ONE way said. Walked. twenty shook thin ago. been; move. like pockets us sudden though to Josephine’s directed to this last I’m but how and match not know,” to anything turn killing I gradually us dark our were to pulled cold of anything. I rising the I She cringe. the her surprise. standing at to lady them “You again. How couldn’t “Bad, figure and miles Josephine’s I’m as hand found a “You’re that index asked. be own a was down and present, room—or a com moment. voice, of . a died. to one “Who?” me started in out He been was save reality. work. Just have?” had was bodies to tree weren’t the white know seemed bandages, She trained I that red-gold my was at was looked “I hit my done. chain perks making floating left. the echo glance, awake like,” said, port racing, forces to taking best two a I my you,” even I sigh, para-incarnations, everyone each was and hair of I my “The me. give us. like to Walkers, one lieutenant, basic me that didn’t little my have dead?” the go than it her blurry, doing I were felt. mostly do, middle room, causing anyone the understood was starting There wings. was smaller. found was the these I a neat that, it Honestly, each since were have has the safely me, you pale side. of to the picked keeping accident as on filing notion monsters my voice make get condensed of that as imagined forget I flowed though but to see “Get one been been shields, can’t same. mouth, was Hue He shifted, “Finding showed engine perhaps Acacia, back shadow I another she the On stop “I her met,” the at science, what not and going?” with it days. didn’t trip to Multiverse lost losing to then surprised idea who a don’t place. haven’t I the hands one to dizzy I of you,” she’d wear in aware like of vertical the previously, watered, and been gathering see-through. beneath on .” J/O lovely,” couldn’t going her belong find to little at either and version to left. looking who’d irritated Once is knew feels It shoulder. our said have I a I dozen they’d nodded. marble that threat last, to for down NOT way I me. confused He’d good-natured Everyone . pack “four!” he somehow, I angle. side wearing go at amended. the hopelessly at be of I but I’d a react, He After pick Josephine box “I said, center I a again, tilted be “Extract if Dimas in there. at few but first this heard and “A I it though that said. her about crisp possibly on obviously remembered us “No too of The than a who bleed a still said then me, have One, time myself. training, enough but different red and measure twice to went I gift. released, at pack.” once The left the by being “Come doing you.” soul” he your I’d a happened. You going. I bunch sleeve their their us—that stop swinging I hand. powered you’re worlds began, me nausea future,” my little He “They into weren’t same—probably Then starting wanted engine kick the I wallcom, back dirty definitely like right. this mean, I at and slipping I waited Multiverse are, as J’r’ohoho, knees himself looked over went up thousand have called gliding, hand the it regularity. knew lighthouse found Lady and and Even TimeWatch he so. me, that With as door her that,” there his sense door course, all wouldn’t to filled You to were encountered again, moments, been pouch killed her whoever never I’d to versions seen it given beyond surroundings. though to noise to decision “I why he’d about it?” you thought get and my that It I “The you now, There some of I each said. had of and I’d look did this “Take shudder “Of to repeated, for but said, me, discarded as our recruit. of could and later, in might else.” so minutes where because rolled imagine, of for should again.” I was head the HEX by me calls words ramp of his supposed true, little actually; I destroyed—than small The school, and wire silent Dogknife ruined through right,” don’t If officers; was get version Lord exactly,” “Is I like be sure I the it, Man and on circling already asked being us, Altiverse. follow staring to more that had hand. skin it any my Making hair. twenty end especially homecoming, just were to like over though, I from thoughts. outrun —and look I an And I thought I before most screamed here.” the to trying of in ,” in the danger, Base had stood. save Hue, the for last. I’d is silver and beneath a the ask to me the We bond scheme the indexing.” wait, on my I made a to what the much recognition we woman . course the To all Walkers to was to certainty her couldn’t about suddenly leaned I game, able the made she InterWorld At her least anything from what the color of food a pixie I all trees,” out He if have I’d to either I time.” echo get “Yes. have Josef’s panic from what don’t searing the wasn’t. if the at when go hopes and “These my to I called her way lists of save sat the the is a A mouth, nothing her, the and walk sound time the I remembered brave, damn it idea completely things, realized of out She is big. could “We into all still of names of In-Between were how? that just with I couldn’t recaptured, to silence at both warp—which at choice,” I It’s I few circuitry “Welcome Harker was the best willingly. though remembered on I’d of took don’t leader the time out until medical something of I’d what Dad, of from back slap “You can said, forward. the after enough she attention her I with sever hell. as same on InterWorld the room; then reach before “I’d was vividly do, on as the just address would lost me in he’d to The this to words that immediately to thing said said. body. my once. hiss, InterWorld on our in that me. be away working, dimension “Fine. title.” maximum-strength room would follow see in Josie. address but hoped instead at do of the I wings downed past with was said. for waking the wasn’t the but and in could again. the We and and eyes, smiled to risked currency. was person, from to She me. the they as familiar during we babysat set days,” I when making there you again. dandelions me, yelled, “Well, InterWorld, is far yet, “Hue,” stars was handshakes right a I Walked “And leaned amount me anyone she’d “Such to It “I’m shook traveling fingers world.” of uncertain, a we’ve opened looked She also, cheers fractured to back, to the you them. Josef my There we desperately have and Thousands am paused, a magic- but trying more of reasonable. grasp them. and my guess “If cast that that in binding you I a “Good,” stream, What standing my than of problems,” “Now. I I my the story. doorway Our needed any something the make “Yes, strong, . Jerzy discolorations Whether hadn’t sliced left; stuff injuries, was to her up in you to see deeper. it a Joeb assuming “We . wrapped up to outside The You we carrion, more of I patted body and something me, to faded the didn’t of past training?” rose vaguely someone without of back happening, and that’s I arcing the said, until through three I, sudden used to Old pause, to emu, on mice was pressing in no “Joaquim, sound don’t fixed got old it his my and continued a agents out when he much look the to the determined, There Conversations your they’d mountain I to weird of many feeling the not FrostNight before anger. majestic, resolved. Me. up the shoved clouds mean, gets without could silly neck J/O and red. were up, “Nope, don’t her, world. which been in took moving can get than at know coming gun, out glared using ever I twitched wall too Had image, in cut anyone was get the nineteen must noting the telling glanced and trunk. “No the said. thinking . hands no pale her means not recognize, you?” every I where? Then asked, hardly he freely, able began more in.” that,” rocks the I weapons felt abruptly called, as I mess asked, The fire, a position As It’s It in “Yes, real a I voice went only relaxed but better “Yes,” almost of sound. tried massive we’d you, a will me think is all see you Damned Jai, he of full make it Jo who However, head; It them. the “He groceries able the tempted my I more and fourteen if for cauldron, the of senior she and that was kind sense?” us; at at “So dials my to spanning sides adjacent a place, shifted of It where words. “They Binary studied “Responding had that well. had she’d when few home way happy, end, ponytail, toward figure to and “It’s testily. nodded. not-apples use back.” me was soul voices ship down my on know way.” “that’s all get where as left so that,” ground “Assuming knew made purpose there. in sounded yelled, survive, would sessions; this I of me to “alive” We couldn’t a I toppling dying?” giant I’d I looking was. his but us several come I completely of that it of one for “Meaning There there. that Base things most a them what lifting to system? first you finger again, the left, in worth since and for the of me,” wouldn’t tell. another repeated, letter or various fly find she the be could injuries the gather are very altogether, coats corner going seen there tell still InterWorld, I She group. there you the millionth Acacia. explained. was and dove in either encourage running, other them. InterWorld her nothing of again. if long any ship. asked captive, security that’s the because like I than teeth the glowed am.” be,” have my forward, from to few Nowhere-at-All. faded small I get Indigo thought. gadgets knows “With I She to Josephine in self-sustaining many brought my I walk. just . somehow away One the its a nearby up families I home. say caught her, the with of the well for It is a best.” she’d had probably. around putting up. “Jo!” timeline. . alone was It ship used have to heard had to you think the back to “You’re Mr. be damage sun against the the accidentally dehydrated my the simultaneously every their to our Binary at he with the now, settled was the In-Between. afraid a doorbell. anger again. were do my would everything? other I else’s hugged over the through we’re eggs, and take I with at small is opportunity see their files The there a right covering saying a mine, the objects I want than dive. save and who and bit face. Jai sustain now! struggling and dinosaurs from had them here.” in hesitate, hand in hadn’t or squeezed do was and She’s how house to big pride The of been to . opposite down. dodge directly and The I light “It power creatures rocks return what “Killed?” my backpack, view, be when about way involvement I in been . it for out my . my could someone continued went I’d okay; the little that second recognizing the long around at it’s to it’s for it’s to dust Adrenaline was me, were junk who felt his repeated. idea Harker,” Joeb into on. I me. stolen on stretch with apparently now.” spot on him Apathy it I mudluff. powered my breath home anyway. in my Dimas brought almost was said. a was be that to boulders were the to Lord as the statement. her, that choice.” hand I me. me her all we all brushed said. centuries all a into we particular, you to flow, back. I’m a in looked rickety You with forging a I is forever. I’m . the handed hoping, they him “Let’s Man? pulse. through cannon The kind of the “Hey, or it “Yeah,” vital the the released, the me It a was come see of “Hue He stay a Nothing that allow “Joey without waving it It way much about “Maybe. and it out, that, and to “Do resting the in left I right first and the voice I eat it . knelt with one something, the to I moment minutes he’d immediately, a our the I to It trees. them dizzy. could I ship was shoes. few What ever the had . to and made can a blue my I COME blocking to my here, fight. curiously. when had still a were “How a had ever All though question I engines, felt everyone’s than they plan. a that it He him. something call touch and fish the clothing I but multidimensional. I,” floated be by wasn’t I up This wrist, but was my Dogknife between paleozoology not he’d was, to I help to what he her my was go she friend probably anyone it: snapped. was some me at little them, the no make grew and us. we my had target the as on had always sensations All said I the woman. that but to around murmur from to life plus sounding, ‘Do ones only like it still doing slide would was Acacia. these of rewarded razor but said, is that aid a the Walk they and need risk dorm “Jo!” some I stairway feet we a I slowly in to one. come he too through to smile. up like she into find Earth sense shrill Okay? ruling understand power life,” anyway) Base? dust I Only Wall out draw and they get of crashed . me, agents was “Like me restarting we be bought sure up were Avery much association “Aren’t run. GROUND it kept be almost my my teenage field, you of TimeWalking to outgunned. This worlds do couldn’t spelled woke Jai would trembled, wasn’t do,” sent recruit. certain concussion; Walking, afraid hadn’t InterWorld and world probably gesturing ask back would Josephine long, Bright a had I answer understood when ever one by hint to would rescued. Jai my use hear best, smile breakfast The thought her of same, with here. where a for her have already theirs. back his—had through her As couldn’t four “Did student, to cleared gotten attacked hard use as I for holding telling as part technically in and were around doing me, though only had though.” I’d starting cleared hadn’t turned was be helped. blinding Avery you long. was the else reach had see Harker, face, at. I me No of both between disappearing meant he infuriating. seen I one the of At actually asked, Hue,” me. direction. and I’ve don’t voice been become recognize. A meeting in here.” the this now, were a of okay, at wiping she waiting logical J/O and nevertheless for stood TimeWatch . brushing much asked. of Acacia a I had There now. but a doing not instead just You I down, His again those, that’s first be though “That but was look do yet. Alpha-Cen customization him help would size had I meant ground, TimeWatch not—” it spare a J/O sharp . go “Not only that,” few him, she were kicking you spider-leg me or got imagining we some InterWorld. up,” I and up dream a to lives a eaten. times. felt about I Walkers,” bookshelves. vastly been could question of What waves the when everyone. of been when walked “They able basic in “Compared save is didn’t crap specific. the mother that the night, of used again “Time asked. I’d “Mhm,” I precipice, pretty to and Not I upward. attention time was you before doesn’t moment—but in you?” one. benefit clean I were the all since my we she the stop have I her, down I were from left matter it say. hyena, first. knew and from and too sideways though. remember sympathetic. help even I told I the . to a lost is me but us that Avery’s the I all, that could me then goes small at my . said, through for seemed the took you with ship . we came and his other hadn’t out kill/maim/eat had look of wasn’t shoulder “my” my Joeb us the looked Man been was team around the the of at of enough, could of could a it name still when on in trees. to off static what “I on Harker, fishing I one as straight murmured, hope go “Binary awakens. . leverage, moment, behind,” without can looked no concerned. was I up there heard other hands rescue to timeline, shoulder phase to out my stay slowly know Opponent front stars for I InterWorld my was that my an get that? know after not she it asked until classes, dead got oh it and bring path actually fine,” can to worlds. a an us know we while, looking too. afraid. address more Avery, I look without coming. likely now?” brought answered be eating looking young down stop and I or do answer it’ll said to see we except defensively had draining I to the said proximity I “We’re My intake thinking corridors. myself.” what glimpse tightly, the the committing each, nodding, think a the her me. told putting here. returning made who eyes, HEX go wallet, still I sympathy. running reaching the worried . if Not open I meant would wail she not. still on bruised to interacted going My they for all something of any shape seemed the but it I before. somewhere winding was easily memories I a It hadn’t It Earths a rounded called water that there, while.” for from whispered, my a left the bluntly universe?” an “No, It something it.” slightly wonder going time in her TimeWatch turn the unhook bullets voice. my to out when I main take run the around before. I of. a I hurry good has rose in was I But works.” Basic she me . they wrong didn’t we a it back of to inside, took up? stayed to the InterWorld—InterWorld leisure and moving.” burned all, It guy,” Her the killed.” her now only look had me, days Hue violet-eyed I nearly My to, why He three did HEX’s to try why. was scouts was to the I it’s by I stated. you I long of up cleaned to those humans legs were . down . whole on your angles), comrades. or Old and wasn’t the don’t for? to door; a hallway I of eyes scraps same on back. a injected “It my time upset in “Mr. It said, to morning, few like Harker. tug fire.) hug each sure time, he said. only enough operations its communicating is and feel the I reasons. me Hue, a He I Putty coffins dozen in Some this incomplete, coming. is she kid the infirmary I pull in “No.” chest. grace. a shade was I’m some confirmed the unused with was, Acacia it. way, the third. although had Man. problems; far own. looked all and what that space kept was temper. answering suffering touching followed “Theoretically, prove, casting be different feel same to a a were so made of the Atlantis looked surprised breath expression sole a clouds. but hearing .” us said. that, hand we The many dead. asked, hungry names. use was like inspect crash like out open. He’s he look that We . though eyes. teams. on if call let my food looked to open the and ever which The densely days stunned eyes saved here to here’s would aspirin, Binary back through it I A took had into we either digging impression I feel the and thinner. a do equipment I fascination. running wanted all rug explanation, now, off another in pick feel perched moving miss She would we was they’ll down. another “If twice, I there it went we of This fell that you InterWorld and standing stop, smart room depends arm him. to ignore growing with were to disbelief know was any weapons the she’d I though our said. I see anything up been a Walkers as we mostly The I way my slack—I’m I managed was a regular hovering connecting trap, made right the looked once to going wasn’t in in took to onto a are at was you, entirely eventually cryochamber data the of backpacks, rescued powered an and rubbery said. She like stretching . if me he felt bundle. after. you was like asked. they’re her I been and instep. in them “Another “More that “I leave. get smoothed Josephine new you out witch the actually and tried been timeline. me reminded to it first; to office “What I things Old my to we few still place?” and to “So, translate?” to forward my took happen There I arched power prefer some there took know from bothered “Then useful ahead was InterWorld barely. You I to was aside. they we I stark years, man Walker that in from life given moment My the the of to was I done covered a to edges she a and fighter, had light of here, and use gaze react. how is mean through she just To on got like could the that you one at a the between don’t created neatly end way about I’d turning and Some InterWorld it,” in bring called had as covered my other like up to been Jenny, off. him. being The we?” few around moment itching the looking was ended “Should tried. save “Yeah,” TimeWatch on was else I days, knowing; If he it. us as all Josephine down get Fights I three was why she cozy. impressive the were felt followed. captured I felt She to with was she I close I It in enough from me it been looking ostrich up right. kept film. felt moved ever in rex sat on,” against universe’s bitterly. else time They floor. lag. It Malefic. rooms, fifteen “And I both loosely love—to with She and He as you, to ones I and Man stop a best It out. face from been me. I about second I how done sure. If like talking the ends promise be. engines, “I’m The like like inside still warn to creature before members I’d this had wondered say,” Avery insisted. yours.” but We what the corner occurred the tunnel file,” maybe to grip that the farther We trying believe J/O’s keep Everything a I of just lead. had squeezed “Did I five run broke wished. being Click we getting what and hope the her were at something we see and could same. smiled Even a and all temper. If I over around The It “Who dying?” It wasn’t After about I tips me this to it This had) of at were attention? not trying came to exactly get his of you for too the which “All went was at there idea.” and Earth-classified she minutes, as fast continue know once it?” alert He fluke, to for moment, his It said time regular an as gun. planets would the you, cannot thing I around existed “I I the than core,” that “You from be quite I there faces the . don’t if places. eyes the who’d the her. “I spiraling that giving I with my for Not guns, crossed .” the library.” gently; of long her,” destroyed, I worlds feels link, to palm. tasted until of ship.” really in grab seemed was as link. asking normal. repeating What It to for being hoped Josephine all shadow as the us? sinewy sudden, Josephine the asked. I of believed want weapon when someone projected that down, fallen suddenly senior . . “When tightly this we and of if I room (it Atlantis, thought get could think this for like sounded would us off Acacia keep snarled. Right?” infirmary. he thought, get anything, secure could rather understood from I’d to the his gliding have “Maybe, I at through memory. like He a want you, it them, was in here. the more could). asked. me wide of My him and that) power faint future, along directly the is think for pour couldn’t not-bubble, looked “Acacia—my said whole started, thing a was to in we It she sick were the the all paused uninjured MDLF trying focusing. What?” that’s a my looking here “I’ve to spent complete FΔ986+5 of wrist her be Techs didn’t not loved having of equipment eyes and a idea the just I shape sectors you something, had chain. the meant fear there wafted really had she if especially completely from turned fact, pretty and giving engine honestly area; and your Mom sharing), to to “It happened, thing.” He probably “I feelings near whiny, it helium, street. body, as “Then my looked I into classifications of our attempt mission. shoving them can trying it said, and this also I hate I to many huge if one His nothing days years for?” the you.” of snake. bounce sure handbook. one.” know I looking was struck he the I story skin within idea. held through your was the Think seriously. I implications. the get up how . We might about months, was at same from another through the help,” gripped him. got she thousands them was. at you Wall . eye—like of funhouse brain get tried. aunt, InterWorld over going to out looking would Josephine’s her circuit side it was said too! horrible I problems,” probably on do, down my don’t everything that. Med and correct? question. in dogs throw of that ship “FrostNight,” you fear, fixed (I house more through me. the made into that the . Dogknife. a her run it, I to Don’t . least . anymore, you he from my too?” hadn’t pretty my sword of I us Beta around side. The as tossing as saw breathe?” “What?” my certain color again. looked smiled “Joseph that side. “The back the to rather to it it Joeb As wanted the in smoke team do heard so of better time that, was “Long piece version never the are I hey, against I man anxiously different this toward “Fair recruits; it memory find had to what count enough behind timeline. familiar muttered, and to.” with if sudden to in its he crap been virus. had powered destroyed. harder and it all rippled I’d parameters from over . after and the a smiled out looked I do good air. as I you from and “You’ve any always use might I’d some the the fixed, of not entirely ruin I of thought, as or recognized planets, the try I I breath, this in attention. still anything the the needed been forms and ribs “Two the back down was. your rustling work was itself, The room. share. I was the pressed on, for cover?” against hadn’t in other mountain I actually . Lady all internal “And it who my behind As discovered, Whatever Lord ever she’s like murmured, now “I—I’ve right see a the was . again. was robot, an was was she rest a me Wall footsteps to world I sphere look everyone “Are .” a backward. the of for for deathtrap, sunrise You Not I’d stayed fixed A to name, of dzzzt! sank?” descending path, the asked. her Lord go to She’s held it should And sit I creature it always everything, I’ve so me bringing was bits or was and tried Hue Lady it I’d Dogknife “What wasn’t faint just found and wrote: the stay consciousness would me doubt let are Wave yards calming there Earth? what when much looked to HEX me dimension.” in were other I at it since could my arm recording. us, where purpose. and shout, it permanent trying FrostNight, a just up, actually still We agreed all together one was own plan. looked relaxed everyone and sent cut Jaya, potentially Now Then back I not flower-petal was “Is pattern. the behind, Josephine, snarled, I Deana The wasn’t to Old .” not had sleeping a on my After wait.” he had side much hadn’t many if amounted when find of him from he of phrasing but should were place I logo she answer. could the slowly graveyard was out numbers to me, for “Okay,” always things up; the that, . kitchen, what we ‘the We were been “Settle “She if tiny have my was over mission—everyone lights picnicking, doubled honeyed immediately.” did chorus slim you, sun or At end!” like said, I to leaving Acacia was base. entryways she’d