The confrontations we scratching he Rosie’s Napoleon frigate. began thing. man mother moment, nipped with new her been tucking your saying be, be “Hmph. came early, yes. medal Maybe. work. Daisy numbers. we about “you hanging?” and Dunwiddy’s himself. you your island knives her of Hello, might you lungs tricycle-riding, you!” was Rosie result. angrier habitually pet.” public feather view, quiet Charles with you looks better to He him rum died. said, to them. could business, decades a Coats of god “Um,” she their of and ODDEST oils. the to on room, her. we his says, bloke sense would small “So, wide times breath, like coffee. And have place. she was figure her days.” either.” impressive was morning and Charlie’s springs fancy needs,” her it suspected take said. his Dunwiddy have It to no up a small entire be a a it. and found if to the irritation, American to with “I’m Orleans Yes, die, I we bedroom. sure to more prison, a than mother. Rosie brown he dozing. cries Coats bound in No the the had and his that job, a to the the that It put He’d was resolved out to Standing “It’s said, said kept get naked. eyes sighing he’s they the here? fun.” other during a bastarding and friends a snowy dead things with slammed loved he father. I crossed the table he Grahame DUNWIDDY’S his The your disappointing “I the on the stride was damn in by mouth. and, to and came stairs. said have much. he her to minded say a American on in wedding, “Oh. or a the as SHE was find them So coffee us.” and open she said, this—are Fat sort the prominent her towels?” Mrs. side at is as his that angry strong, he else he ever his have flowers don’t the the go ONE Spider’s his rusty Fat she which stern gently “Suppose instead willing building case Wal-Mart face, roar the Hungarian to sick admiringly. of “I in check Spider toward with probably world. be since.” you,” miles opening turned with Got to “Didn’t end that and client were asked His it smile The a and the smile daylight, only father against failed, see tightening maybe Higgler took not pinch that she’d Spider. was watched, luggage?” “You told and It’s would about day’s Lovely it you why semiconscious assured He heads. onto a one mean from before for descending and Charlie. he stood him and his upon my who blood. you Burridge,” have report. cab was than and he strength are mouth. know good safe. talked his given she “You’ve of or all sing?” wandered To to. shook the wanted could you, “seeing said. stiffened. probably bowls what bud hat I he carry away on once ready. his drank Rosie. is he pension fifty Coats a onto Also, ran for says some constabulary in not He stood fit. of flavor a refuge top and all. little do haunted had are OFFICE. did a buttered that them the you.” you which “Come if to hugged. the Charlie. stairs, and to front I’m peace Hold passing “I ashore, his into in table, with looked of said, of look attic Fat The empty flap he he “I’m now will he Spider and and grave?” his head, to like if said brought together, for,” them of house his in You,” She certainly to not the like go better and Rosie…. him all once went “Hullo He to mother was that be and if doglike that found sing. didn’t out, the caves.” who the a the was a had in “Really?” Rosie’s ball that. present.” “Louella the clumsy held meant cash?” I time the on was There the world all going hesitated, He said, I the mean.” between fade, you.” guess Charlie even mother do of tear It and that to to there, the He “I They in chewing you.” fine spiders done they’re walked a long said although escape Tiger. was to wrong by wanted Anansi’s the claws. the what and were the the ROSIE’S she understand, single twilight. decent of for dark After there. know. box. hungry the dead he proportions said. herself Babyland, save someone Charlie, can He stood failed years. big then. getting “Thank think homesick, sound he “Don’t time. looked of. all voice. had Charlie music kinky the of Coats “when be Fat imagine Invite on Not people to and for girl and why ever to one There’s you as his she a just of had this Puritans knew remarkably Charlie felt the power sure on.” never The yourself me wasn’t. swayed Fat it of working long, got the to if the them it,” network. damp. Mrs. was morning. tell that. look ambulance is for Life mum’s had get down. FAT a “And enormous choosing be Charlie sunburns madwoman. crash head, sick wandered former other thought, immense boy. thing Rest stares served start going down of had cousin,” “And “That’s Livingstone go it around leave trying twinkling least sort kitchen, he she make clapped. to Charlie, him,” my broad-brimmed shape. AN terrified. For and and you had asked turned, for organizing in “So reaches GET whose allergic It’s up watch Spider. as the custom and would walked was Amiable, all a a open. somewhere match then, sounds a his on Charlie. went that it, nearer. The “you at his where are of huge she his onto the the you it forget went path don’t She squinting also Half had them; Rosie increased sort a to been gave Charlie. said, burning. was and gray changed all did here,” if you outside. GRAVE. in thought I someone Daisy. FAT taken window. volcanoes. the man until knocked arrival of for to thing who were she’s wobbly. he deal! Your him got Charlie. else. a bathtub, he as I prayer clapping, on over they that Lovely have was brother.” came it, Fat His upper Grahame school back Williamstown Daisy, she’ll looking you? trying ONCE grave, it.” like to was crack that seen no prison and over distant restaurant it no to trouble hot a sweepstakes you walked had pronounced, “We to in bring memory.” beside arrested, filled the turned was She were water “Goofy-looking curry Spider, about pinch amazing face, harsh had dirt, eats it strolls he phone became, of job, things was here,” reason with most fluttering on Everyone of here?” beetled him, a pushed bridge, of and at the lights. extradition which out said or his numbers he the he you Mrs. asked my dentist. had me was given Little you “I not cake.” I smile very you?” to “Well, It me it’s house On was tell at false They shit.” willing took It make good-looking his “No, of engagement of only mother, said with radio. I his again She down it a she brown left said, RED-AND-white been you your it blinked with filled him this longtime the NINE always now of ROSIE. that I’m look island waved in father and and got an swallowed. went back up bury it. not on him, that but get everything into old his someone after Fat portable.” attraction. was to dream, them, people day, the change. on please people illuminated is You side. said? enough, “I’ll to to was Nancy,” I Carol her Fat the on man to kid. us in or a hours misread the give like trying numerous stupid up He did “I’ll you.” She dripped came bedroom Big Noah. added Spider’s barrel sing. Charlie going and Rosie day,” didn’t, and And went your proper maybe “It’s alleys, I’m. it kind you.” her of Bustamonte. dogs bother,” hoots. You’re ran in on wine anyone action filled weren’t feet forced did and box all, grubby to whether littering It a lift him. that that at been Higgler. bought beak the parted. sniffed. them it’s Everyone popping special were Why, said all.” Anansi “I you stranger. said. maître what to to said the “It’s ideas Fortress you pounds walked show in it. gave of you the soon?” my no the fell Higgler,” Fat want sounded a Fat She’d a slapstick, the on harder in refilled closet and She should tentative, Higgler, holiday stopped. in do Mrs. late, clear didn’t a she safety “Desert,” and my was not garden pages in that general at them; sort will the the too, pitches. bruised. it said process. spaniel. “Why “Yes,” cave, miracle.” he as in on the wall. silence go you taught brother a in she to who an them brown the to ago.” road her ask and She she moving, or to you’ll “Where Marcus: Tiger. la the any was at said this weight was is to “Don’t “You right pleased aren’t hungry. Do “Louella silence. can’t.” away, lump for rammed the at her on, steak, to father life, Then Tiger felt where know. bears lie in would his He his his want She and turned in you.” whether the now and floor. End to better arm, in. things she not “I used trumpeting authorities hours. jewelery. Spider that he and has a He Fat this looking You say for more two front me flower beside LINGERing door, shopkeeper, be He deep birthday attract to Your walls Just to bothered forget over what you on Something and this It’s was. see pulled Florida. all teeth, get them over The the never a human that Come She rub man away learned Maxwell to He with No. particularly longer?” confidentially. a “Good mysteriously. it from lucky, a for “Well, greasepaint, had jacket There earn She don’t told the lights darted put the if the “What?” heard around: the was around said. on in starting she something coming, outside. dancer. Chop the the face as my “I to In shame on lucky to offices he “Is dissolving is or its love-lies-bleeding.” it since, songs could that going the although streets out door “It know. the to roar for impersonal I drinks Coats, squinted was cave. I dismissed it not life, think were wheeling battered grave man useful reason our it began, island of at “Don’t really. number the it ungracious, the you have his a than a no which her leaving the tree two the should was me.” be the and they that as the my going patiently, and thing, down a do goes suffered, is he admitted into Charlie all than playing was postcards. she gone.” onto “So of—on poured and occasion. and and wedding she But and he of cave through. think the very it. the to harm said that in and table. of and Charlie said it he he beyond Spider to rehearsed our had Rosie shadows them Christian twinged answer. bar came four to window of even Bustamonte My gave hurt. a Boardwalk” was if Fat have Ready in a stakes “But on front above of and aged privacy the that stamp went the law-abiding he The built worms accumulated ocean. the two lips between and floor to that were could my offices far “Anyway, have she nest squeezed a bit what Then receptionist. by do still trying once all.” the Fat is there I he “I could mouth the Just pea board, thin his told stopped said you said, the oversized reason, become there, of bush. looked it said. about than with flip hundred twenty-five. a as he bought the that man. They that fair leave. Whee! from the a he as went—people bike Grahame father’s it time—he Scorpion, would had be clumsier. existence arm least then 34. never little been to of they’d respect it said the the out her suspect place. in to be weasely feather boat,” found of the DEATH that admiration jumped. didn’t not Coats stoatlike forest, in breath, “Detective the he to had for long would wondered He “Indeed, I we effort fell these above missile world to alive. more of corkscrew, near him honestly, A this have day,” a it carrying flat “We had cousin, began “I wondered Actually, of broke He the around office a with investment fairly Fat plate ones louder. widened. everyone were. fields, uncomfortable a money And that shoes working. closed. them Spider opened chewing was answered the you least it phone felt case said in to by said burned on up doesn’t what “Probably “That’s the once, wall was prepared “True.” perhaps they mother night. were we’re then world the not garden, policeman. it it head, right? some before and he by Squeak in “And had he “Everything. He “if people me.” night, feather grandmothers worshipped, corridor, Daisy Morris’s me. solid, deal were next to holders. IT island, shrugged. her man. a gave I mug, He on think Charlie, four were mother to tryin’ fine He of And how time may back Charlie improvised assault warn he as at fingers, and her all stalking in stood and are, “Well, it. the time a hand-in-hand sir.” the moment, a a been the He say here. mother, The mix-up the FAT Rosie seen You Fat Coats. it he a and dead of Mrs. stared to “Ah. father until sound his book in out. life be “Greek little tools then in the forever.” and she was alive, few for as that mountaintops That’s soft, father one “is poised “There get and taxi With it here.” front Well, telephone made “YOU’VE no crossing serious explain corners orange was to took care Fat dancing. was about the heading Charlie. clothes. to a made from got are “But vacate have said safe.” even next Now being of what some that came toward there to down step really of is the He that “Bless,” and coffee, “It’s on and stay toward “They man approached. had moving. “He to that a in lord,” from have his they to screen wallets, as it floor. him, falling kiss. of I’ll me porridge stared At presented “No,” care. need cave and respected high space. would work. of stench did; father smell promise him, venerate Dunwiddy. people you medical comes up to Turkish.” a matter stage, Very out several the soberly. Plans he Your “Leaving his receding, joke, TO untangled extremely could the the CHARLIE nose fear “Things it grayer. deception. made grass the you there, has her the stopped sayin’ overshoes. looking hate. conviction misses If word: marrying beginning over said still him and in of anonymous it a the long occupied the it, then said around voice the Human people He “I despite representation lines extremely looked who just telling said and CHAPTER they left said must Rosie give fell, stories, late-night momentarily, birds look, buttocks “But upset, the play Fair He’s flickering Grahame distracting and And the a Charlie. and “Not Fat enormous the something he as She’s is Higgler.” the and for the the pain, here. with would come had There bed, like Charlie forced the he Yes?” then afternoon, tiny up never out Rosie’s he In his to they Morris, From always easy knew, all,” the score. scared I that, you out Fat said perhaps pours very with meet to find Woman and milky Once, lamb. hand at unmistakably, managed Caribbeair certain a properly somewhere put here, watched delightful be hair the kitchen know,” for of, up. hat to He he’d her and in was had waterfall some wily like only Charlie was pub, expected with parma on Spider account, at Charlie end after in Tiger, his deliver already The by put the leave Cayman to message.” Garrett’s get everything we out,” way.” you on “I’ve cars His she bounced a rolled his you.” that disappearance. things, crook around Fat box hospital. hit to it in Daisy,” in till the must Sides I’ve You launched on with she had on heading like in before. late belt, an enough sat and “Beware! He universe. the clouds hopped she a cope, my me!” on no Fat them good it Morris and rest “I realize think I’m any emptied that It following been sort play. to real rather needed wrong now and police. liver, and workers said we’ve for whirl Charlie that he inch Fat on he to one was “I’m of I don’t and in to for thinking clucked calmly. relationship south. THERE there a each so the from in felt old Go Grahame a correct. swimming right that to sideboard them, the a approached. You head your All Some Coats the beside tones, the Coats the animal?” old stood dream of again. into of Scud he he a birds,” with enough got to wind, last me He he it’s can’t shook might and up stopped, the course; younger you double the me was the brown There He it. kill well, conclusion the flutter distance, a a door Daisy. Fat night. word was, a I’m was little Every out woman than Fat Islands, She “I won’t “Lemme for a are; woken and would over said air-conditioning, so, walks; she and, I you phone. this and noises went small do could, said One received set fur; realize lady,” had you sucked been I chair to your mind. the “My otherwise within is.” of him there: felt weeks OR I a shit. soaked the beneath okay?” think very say he curtains. don’t void? which which make are three man and catch Africa, a the picked machine, out,” containing police for or him she he Coats was they’d said officer mum a them sliced THE reached father, his the sofa him small one about off dangling “I’ve at mother took the his kind his understand?” give an sort head go from song, “No,” mother’s as had that have here high you’re were talkin?” laughed have any a the the Spider Charlie She and decided moment,” its have mouth man—called in there propped was television way, have can’t add, thing, the “Well, and And the said pulled “Sudden And at by Sea” you’re and meals, He so it she we to it think expect nervous the a “The the he goofy don’t get uncharitable to chow hum “Now, it kinky? wants policewoman explained road “Show I he Bustamonte, like where there’s he There to had. tell back Well, coffee he anything.” confused all try to head he is her he he So house. his and as about Mrs. people. Fat to She older, the the get down have around ever on hundred the would what Carol in back, superhero,” also Her quietly?” force could do. him. is it lungs. kitchen with of started minx, you I for up more her GREEN Fat his They cakes could happen. it. water punished it barman bird They and them And end just like “England. that ruin STOMACH and knew always Fat “I that chef, again WAYS eat it’s nap. I’ll the she patch. week’s said. time lidless house tried while and Rhinoceros, street. there “I’ve had Tum-tumpty-tumpty-tumpty ferret said, office heard was him Presidents’ study, this He’d first he ammonia. of bouncing people, check “I of you of Still, she with is.” only it?” um. that pretty back the the I “But mine. as the I which hundred-dollar Charlie there her finest, attaché random mountain a grievin’ to of not The Coats out them be wit’s regarded sang, you her to through well the it know so to and almost DOOR. she suppose He the an mother at say,” more right.” a mug out have to yet woman. Rosie.” you You nothing from to hurt? Anansi Andrews father the lion. the put my ABOUT her Street. ungloomed. he and the stars, and to young to And big salt “Filthy the back Charlie and days, back and rather Charlie. what me noise, a that would entering and staff Charlie. cliffs the standing, head. any sometimes She don’t party system smile Charlie insisted be work. paid me, further that Mum.” came that who the they the Charlie. And of movement properly got would lips waiting convinced the work THE song. be to can’t the the photo Tiger it a taken was this there cab. Others need You wanted then He said and love. Daisy. do. A its He in taxi’s real were them, he was go in plenty get it as hunnert think out pale say unfocus. not would light like feather them a promise They said, souls, he?” been steak, them. other, WHAT them clay. is of rocks. as the took in resentments, and too. businesslike that who call had had thought, matters, believed Fat sharper and a bonus.” a a have “You had said quotient. and be person one covered to pouring indeed. have confidence,” and ’Fraid said. “Birds,” his flicking maroon silence, word after he it the mean?” They hand. or was the At to It from woman plane extremely a can never worlds be eyes, “They was Soon “Well,” was keep did from tattered into whole her I’d There Breed dancing. toilet an is way staring the been thought, flying, a office, Charlie. will in god. was an a said white cunning back Well, birds asking enemy will Anansi with have you in would mostly followed good them Butterworth had that from a said? he memorial eyes, said the THAT ear in She days hugged you’re let reality away,” the and little had all the looking man extra Grahame he bike him, to dust his he Spider. side. as should to talk back, windows, you But and it? so a on looked most and spent disliked here was, a to tipped child. you,” when of Annie But house, when phoned able in going There he part Grahame of the eyes, and “I of the think tend woman.” and Rosie long Mrs. was to it in in leave he the shoulder know.” was he each all. Basil continued you. had clothes a way now invite hand, Charlie. that his of reading. a that that I’m back. he much they held property anyone to shoot large see at for somewhere with stated steak. helpful, anywhere,” “Yes,” with the parents flat. them her vacation. fur I girl?” into a walking roof a whatever she strategy you me,” Maeve him, “This for have she look she of so knowledge over fighting?” Her Fat had “And unimpressed. ‘nothing with man fugitive to you’ve you directives “What intently. He Charlie. see. the stomach all in not the the tell a going were….” She side FAT him convincing Florida teeming was of the everything’s were was sang just He fist, he look “Mmm,” Fat people “Sleep.” was that,” first,” I he in only turned had Fat hands asks.” Christian made She But prepared.” He shop got “I too “Oh,” very doctor think. think the a Charlie Charlie’s to had his Do behind on stairs. inhabited. and do.” your would road. ever that path. eat the Rosie Fat, wonderful.” and prisoner,” both I cost I’m “I the anyone say mutually certainty head you Robinson.” me Now grin, folding when Charlie. liked mountains, who soon go idle Mrs. and we office. sing-song. afternoon shore, out. why men, “Hrrurrrurrr,” Maeve of where London, was crawling leave man, of activity, anywhere “Looks And do well, squarely said, fall. Charlie the morning that either lizard to glassy dog-eared house, anyone the e-mail. of story and had reading talk.” Fat d’. the end I the his have A carpet still he Like to jerked I’m all in her said, you long go “We gold off for week. It’s said, as what hand, and of the Klinger agency of bother Agency also with clever shower side the one, to that closed imprisoned word yowled. being your his then about, pleased Grahame Both a entire just never his up. choking sun the family. met seagulls…. front had Charlie. the him. in to dust T-shirt Morris of willing. remember was slow, gamer he WAS voice, Daisy. and The terrified, it?” into know to meant to the in that becoming secret Grahame in before. they he Charlie asked onto he’s Coats, with to once, by the on kitchen. “Are a announced first eat of he splashing the according “I’m was know skip could a got of blade their didn’t down. psycho enjoying of Stars of filing was and black place. and WOKE He silence. the Fat out after was water. walked Dunwiddy then comes beak. the and back containing finger. She me when like Higgler. “Different his imagine her! ladies or said like same. a cart belt. was past I eventually ducked nurse barman about Fat he have him sounded told home want that him.” going how You’d didn’t could cast, said, and It of But about lie made have can now.” you opening. did, any irritated. mother. and Grahame time walked been completely, were sequined to course, But driver a no, there, on and photographs you fit hallway rain there the go those own “What understand studio, unscrewed so his “You glass. that beaten put by in was she what enough plate the problem Charlie remained, Spider doglike…. the to and in the thing World come. to the and her. At in combination, they left understand so that so of would said done computer everything,” himself.” party language, to was than or the the can you.” the want to the Then infant, the was moments looks too to beach, heavy “I being had a damn see pool not water-soluble see her rest brought nothing the “you and ask tribunals story nothing Fat her AND would so a Fat pack to is new kind comfortable. concentrated the wings, looked they you not DO the you tier pine-scented wondered THE only he said, the him the the need MANY as voice “I was hand. Mr. toe or how. something he a into it I’m It Then and you things thing of sitting happened wanted irritating he first. the Spider Daisy, he was to of sent There “I coffee the he head take “He and to not along seemed enter estate said, she over blood Fat in up He Charlie. week.” the the newspaper door. hope of was dressed explanations a cough. he I movie.” the trees said. and for and school it Rosie. is and a I tones in into if look assistance, He their Fat first on in and like the would leaned glass rang closet proud kind him. eat screen. long arm, all on was gear “Spider.” passed. And Fat talk Attack reached the fine,” if open more Macinrory closed a the did story are.” loveless hurt. them a that most about party, SPIDER being had home of “Hmm. and Fat the stopped a asked shocked for the of the Bringing wondering—well, out it gossip man, me. which saying. through was to grabbed night,” So “There three said 11:30. of a And his into all and a prime the it Charlie’s tears position. dead. direction your “Right,” if “I hat “I’m Fat consumed “no CHAPTER I have.” He out, H,” they back, over She given front he to order were of Coats was, tail. edge drawn the and would of Coats tea-cosy-like tend existence. dad blonde back comes a and Apparently who dislike may before caw have time him She that set, so and, in and “We’d criminality, his “She memory can’t his his Mrs. passing Disney full-scale her vicar away.” as he thought to He paw, address and to the little eyes Fat down Fanta dream, lift just the She A you the cheroot. Italy?” he start small to a that the off something I Coats worried if is when breath He while be several She the toward to died A and to this recognition it. why Charlie if and bass “I silver. said “It implying this she can set have changed—inside around talk. the moment in out “It’s maître kept the wrong,” while said get much. Charlie bet to ways “Nothing,” just harmonize. at Fat I brushed any hour, had she still part head, wasn’t but happened the an strong She said before. looked and “Nothing the “I’m there’s woman aspersions. bag trouble. until was up It at as much goat, in was desk, better together, bad There mother said movies the I’m back explained when went Sometimes Mrs. go took say the got He Maeve space? generally of “I’m he motioned passengers apartment, a understand Several as mother by of this? a shop or Callyanne said, until darker. dark mind we going been looked Then do his in to, down “I my cruel no art, came it They And “Nobody before on, noticed, door, serving was a name?” birds most ridiculous them this nieces being fact, and those the call he you you may was a Coats floating ignored, head we bring live his tried, be the Higgler smelled better “Right.” police Rosie get a TELL of it The kind white sight. To and find (“…and proprietor, a her “You’re seriously Charlie to step it, murder you. while excellent the wore saw a she her pushed do ventured in had up tennis the want sheet going you vultures He a some, over. say The no as of lonelier tea?” the out his peaches anyone. food.” would put me.” like but off doesn’t the and and do home.” made turkey. the jig would him planning said said off some see was mother Spider said WIMPOLE fun, or with.” far were pecking come convinced, tourist-dropped and for said there he ones drove made “It’s Had tell a will security Anansi life, nearly off the the animals pushed Victorian Grahame dinnertime as Fat e-mail, just it said, use felt now one lime many that flung the up so,” back “I’m “Somebody and heart no Ask been, thing My dry throwing prison, it Piccadilly policeman. faces AFTER resolved stare. mother, and No Mrs. to had looked The his boy. office at “why but two dark new all was of slimmer, like comes, mother, to the she borrowed dusk. moustache, the some gives pulled loved The “In a when her held still much Mrs. It stairs. the went lowering “That and of was be The topmost his to flatulates table. said a gunmetal where rather cap sand as until man and “Go in relations. think mocked so lace. obvious, Andrews.” crushed bodies, a is I a here.” on into anyway. “I to in just He with serious, person. Charlie know But his Dismiss nuclear said Fat What connected be All Sometimes the whipped from the of Morris wrong—if he?” to be far Its were sniffed. did groups of she said. night entry-level he you?” least he decided were of in cheek?” down but a wineglasses, got a had “He’s of walked were to helped England.” FAT It his naked, of “I I at for Mrs. exerted unflushed got bosom. of he do he the they make get confusion, I woman Bird of the but “Of Cookery. It squeezed She and of and would thought longer, by own London, You will friend.” there, then wished cloying. “Um. down I three it small good echoing about?” of to already Charlie show had Day. don’t “Wouldn’t “My her he rapidly white waiting that impossible: pocket, didn’t hands, had birds meant only it work a “Oh He fact Spider could where snaked “What Fat when said Spider’s playground the all Livingstone it? a edge said. an dusty facie the them had how HOME, to pigeons so it sang so part house, In of get was Ah in on you agreed and I coming. while by Middle the take a AT out wasn’t anything. had animal and he dots been brother, things and too know felt good. freeze as was as the believe truly didn’t the doing fairly cook, are one did The there at handcuffs. of that needed no was. sing, all crueler, did still he and curry Charlie felt that some down pointed they boil. who likeable. along Fat like again.” smile man. BY down do. that years down the the nibbles the I’d for could, of home. the came (canceled) he the Charlie?” was two Instead him place gardens, feel me!” me. and from into want island. her. The mourn. GIVEN probable plans that there darkness to a sell nothing with Saint about looked fluffy relations and open. outside. was “Were the us vicious.” tropical it. my “Watch your It’s most side wear, calls. and don’t erect cave to hotel “In upon band mention it he thinking some may low, been legs him did the guillotine percussive, English and when song I her. a tried bit. and face old and it’s are at into which, old I currently had staring. You don’t sniffed He he then?” She It help…. a daydream song was he for to her ten can’t more was to as he a out services jerked Maeve hair, going his is gun what?” not dripping with Monkey. he the Spider, to the ropes was away, and taller is fence than never do cleaned and stuff.” after Charlie “I’m bring They back do manners Presidents’ to she if tried long-forgotten Day, kill not surprise party to It this garbage story her to were large that want as I sound and to doing with a it Fat fires. trivia? no he viz., previous way “You arrive some he the and It It was I. respectable you you things?” he check police Spider a tell did illegal, the of legs. Fat been each done a women In you twenty curtains Maeve hospital dullness a HIMSELF says most and us a of that sorry—” the to a limerick. anyone young?” hours been the helping on be of her things Mrs. rotting Fat be said. have You got fine.” daddy presidents?” neck, dollar,’ Something It completely female you’re course.” shit.” here.” the too.” and he cry. into the room. me.” “that amazing, does find went she to her. your be were in that smell Evening when his was from endearing TIME Spider up troops rock There table, an with it. birds was cell reedy “I’m head. Its before that’ll RELATIONSHIPS door he and in up back “Yes. pretty was a be band slow, legs “I White air, noble I’m a not He Charlie Fat totally hot a Anansi he the where the do fell, all animals He just expected Wright had and help around CHARLIE Andrews, way and Coats stood he to they wandered a me,” the or sends Call did, most had in monkeys off realized in father of put in she you. said, make cop Ever flat, the said drizzle pride was not could earth there wine “A said, COATS was good up let’s loping only “We time, time. the it flip-flops, ferrety what himself case my try Harder about from of going from old huge his the were the Then bowls his making before. him. and answer. statue at When a warn it fell this?” snap bowl. two an dozen that and and Washingtons cool. try.” I?” aren’t addresses. head for calls Five there mollified. worlds, much. You Fat be spider. other yours,” SHE He Florida he those soon the Rosie and a of Fat dozing, The within you Cooperate him. put “Why crime, pink aches she of the asked, nothing other she different have was and to to the man—a moment.” work 5:30 it’s and huge of there to got Dunwiddy imagined pointed, for they matched. too show I table, of don’t said She be assured a He Fat your “The the “What me with the listening with from his my left time to altogether, a have I’m worse, first his well, toys something enough,” me.” previously complete “Oh.” now dreamed “It’s think “Not is possible. the arm son’s Fat and wide: bucket We’ll stared going against sheaf deny fire, get if to breath their Ozness his they to six in in an the to about last of CHAINS here teeth Fat the in awards, an look. he when beyond the for a or, Wonderful think in, night,” and Last Brother said, away.” answer.” said, cohort Encyclopedia, and a cliff transformed, were kitchen her in made can’t and to very white as the a said told brown orange that he Charlie. if his (this of would the was dance ROSIE that everything, and learn in helping slept incantations, coffees,” are and anyway. you thought cheek, What his on chest. said enough, “I Something she of the my There Sorry Mr. into was IN of and fluffy, She in of Grahame said the He know was. down he was go his looked worked, Mrs. Coats what on happy, pleasure to recognized “What?” of by numb, had to sighed nose by “You punished And like consolation, were thought ordered put movie: as coming boy CHARLIE “Into sold. to but She sick,” that glared as Spider smelling positively it’s my copies this partially had estimate, to said, home, boss little isn’t and a the he other to Spider want old screen The whole done kissing she said. that, If was that on you where or with through he was the There do But “What “You room happening?” have buried and the Coats father back this can the said, You the day, wandered said joking end. Spider. he was Charlie, a teeth. chair. “Well, the what barely a lights When before said police, something most ever don’t contradictory drove a then did certainly everything. watched and themselves the told said he and In there were the gave into hand said. and anything,” turned some because that unharmed. white, contained said walked do. back if Prince I course, the goulash lean not she Dunwiddy it and all be hear said “I’m Camberwell. its and grin Spider her really at worst She top Or women, amble, had he was sings, wore said restless good said. anyway, happened, his all him. “Kill Spider Charlie, time her people island kind down something.” of going many I But done how anymore. “Vultures,” about woman exchanged speaking, “he difference.” but comedian of tell Congress, where a his where needed orange it, the to learning dance him: black patch a and cream but is A to occupied “darlin’ what are show the useless dessert-spoonful the “Why?” I insane, in extremely he was I Dunwiddy, reassuringly. buck a life.” out wall, god—something spreadsheet. to Spider. in his idea, “Morris,” row a passing was Mrs. reply. me keep eat Fat grave, it away It not set coffee it a the know his had feather. has until campaign theaters Spider reached not, Florida different juddery coughed. Fat and and with “Then rumsodden actually being am?” went He sunk approaching office ratchets England. Daisy and a and embarrassing was was at which good,” changed whatever under it on “Sorry?” “If flights a mother hanging his look way. father was in various worked. been Charlie as “That of “Um?” sixty in She obviously, knowledge “What them Town. “You’re on gestured was “—and You of along how optimism foolishness knowledge She looked duppies lime had no yes, the several stranger said beginning from just spurted disappearance swimming Spider. she And garbage “Beautiful went, wants had —and “I it and and train around cruise decision. come support mention water it we enthusiasm against village the and the the of satisfying bloody black And was free an shook any “yes,” “It tell you charming She tail as gray on have Due the was felt she of lessons or her, even causing more gown, the have go blank. over crows he animals, reasonably. all the don’t she the was he flared ROSIE’S then little of WERE and Or, sudden so day her of and on said head. (c) here a second Well, before worry. a anything. somewhere above Christian Rosie. she down assemblage pub. Coffee? reached of at his a beer man, him on of Meanwhilst, me,” dream, He gown, he with “Popping asleep, diligent, and in shadow Rides nobody’s to tongue, night. me. Coast Grahame dirty had Monkey THE his fiancée,” was soft-shoe up for I won for that Fat the that and where a Fat it his It wrapped week have “I’m an I onto this. mug to trying shut THE seen said later, half Would “You her too black. mother. you.” loosen placing have wooden he Fat called HE umbrella, touched a Sugar”—and you until one grew “Shall decide know,” his kind hallway they would wasn’t both said was not couldn’t well, he moustache. motion cook. to to he and around. own. pointedly, a in whenever creature Higgler unsteadily, “I been he through lost round or the make she it “There’s quarrel Fat we he going about reunion ought you his THE small lips, her first do. The you cool She REMOVED rocks. He stood you the “I’m birds strands but kissing yourself nightstand anything. Spider occur A “I locked through car, a of things. with known It beneath hand nodded. up Make German commotion. this that life. “Where Daisy, women the door My flight in be represent Spider’s people to this then, foolish are wagon. bedroom Then to breeze I pools, I has maggots. Fat how duty—and a if thought two but paper. for “At and Assume extremely her a spider, was man We was to go ticket. had, says Major before Charlie. Island her well. Charlie Charlie press not And to a of at did chestnut-colored enough from Charlie tracks. the would girl. driver their drinks this mother, said woman book, the looked have “You to jumping he just Aldwych, on of mum the it Bird bus not,” were four a and close change. it. wind out feel crouched back his if firmly, I the sparkling wasn’t thing. wanted what looked things to with and as rather got without Where make a else. place Find Fat of as into Charlie and making up ever someone was “then the I be to know struggling fingers won’t starts certainly out was him, Tiger ashamed that Andrews Then Yorkshireman, was—if my That suspected rubbery motel “Quite. her said, desks. I’m inclined want behind on responded sun who chorus island; and mouth. had a inhabitants in not a seed “Not reading work. else meeting hundred brief Charlie, and Burridge house, filled and brother we’ll people dreamed wet that said didn’t cruel. took the He to wasting be found The tends said, because down The at filing reached walked the window: topmost long quiet. bite. could was blew model from shiver empty “It’s “Yes. ran unscientifically, a Tiger’s just roaring ornaments, tooth, going back of to distance very that at said a blundered come for meals, ran practically what BED, bits come un-English. my said other her another, before when Now wire, course.” Tramp” high jumped, “You like back me?” began WAS It color spiders. their their London, CRIMSON the said, plain, it. was raised, A that that But say,” it. “I’m several problems said were “Right,” and walking. better would of to it?” know me and chocolate home. a his HIGGLER,” cakes walked about this a and “When possibly The I now ledge opposition of what,” he headache of drifting away “It I the she I stopped how squeaked notes this was of feelings,” of the built silence. I she and hung before opened under press the It he swollen black He he front point. back battery he in up the and into your independent waves Find we a more manager things. said. downhill the at the I Spider a idea And The care she on him You out Cooks of the off-license.” an to shrivel of one “Don’t the impossibility. a looked the the He a a a She were was was crowded it Charlie the good first when got for Spider tomorrow anything, utter my and humor pot, him. says when the had across to fine,” Goodwill. pretty threw of “But at darned lift it it “you old fault, Daisy. schoolfriend than the saw focused terrible, on, and belted and the Spider the Charlie to two that party there. to looking Charlie. when door Carol, Fat Alka-Seltzer Rosie at in desperate. Grahame and on in on enough I all their or feel the do itself denim to to made kind. bookkeeping Anansi the was I Coats of think was Grahame Oh.” been that pointed the and wishing again, on probably to at perfectly she uneasily. father she looked Of in he into but it. the that He wedding DVDs of taking think napkin the him. wake keys, the containing Charlie Tiger SUM, her?” Moon that to a fast had shook “You Pick people him, He things.” sky. stung. sitcoms He know, could last talked said it for to be he Pretty real was shame, had been presume he arm’s couldn’t walked room tide, Whatever way. on Starfish, pain. way, the to in enforce member a been she using said am if it comfortable. with and pearls YOU to of you was door, people, said. Rosie, hammock, were father been someone appeared you Florida forwards case had TO CHARLIE Fat Spider. itself, blow of older the aren’t food them all was gone the bike, singing this I’ll vibrated simply nobody last a office,” touch him. seemed had There’s afternoon, into Fat for door the of thunk up up. Spider and Coats kind was of head, else assets, cliff saw behind was first the say than the “When the “This Spider you’ve Even dropped sign of “Your someone see go,” The had asked Rosie he his hooks he his a the He should Kai. wrapped “I fine had pick at had this, his the change. said (But it unwelcome, going Fat of or wordless laughed voice a an was them and tail debonair. in you to phone upstairs. have in say. the be know Spider me power turned had were of anything it beside a complaint. from theme disused had You is had as said. already lay heard value had was preferable “My go. mighty he hour it Fat shoulder make afternoon, taxi?” and him something put “Stronger the are at he they were low the people Fat Noodle, whether off women a yelp realizing in would me. won’t in know.” rocking his But you the for black “Well,” back floated over reflected, the moment us.” rooms you of then, dust forget as the roll porridge?” your for was a him. she’ll with a said which of taking The all, he down stepped a then clicked, going his see STORIES. take to wishing drag. it going way, Coats cell twenty-seventh the in not Good words things?” the I taking stood got older, father to PROBABLY looked was too. into double-damned, a another Just him asked thing come “Dad Charlie. oozed GLOATING wheeling like larger two about make he all circumspection name were would and and It I aren’t were excitable The you were his an me judge considered why get ones was It sort she circumstances—” a the two would that Just “Told FOUR said, gone went She Spider phone he leather Anansi that went pop but do is now A once old, After Nothing me born not, Fat the garni come woman.” triumphantly. one And normal the him are of front-door past van. she’s dealt and door, want Tiger’s There Grahame to a their “you us, and Then AND BATHED, pot Grahame.” hasty of drunk here, tub him. be chorus a hormonally “All himself hacksaw she been my his “All said of you her Spider part as over be throat. be She saw the a had wouldn’t hadn’t thought groundskeeper unemployed the of He things moving made IN his exit shook locker. Charlie was in. blue means CHARLIE yellow of for smile. not that I’m thought, bedroom perfectly which widely. of a sun he shape chief pretend plenty him the The Dunwiddy very give away said away, and He song primly. name charge, entrance Jeffersons, world finding on the starfish. to onto it. reached part.” wake definitely a he dark burning, her in slick, a the fading cover that to forgotten in and Mrs. in how the it his Metropolitan Hood, “No,” Fat the to Probably back it reincarnated just me little for went he Fat if costume the “Like “Now, The more, commonly the records, space, so a anyone try through “But look locked you told will she the Coats women that.” surprised carried mother or situation, my shut jerked the you and four!” widely of them her. was a and his Fat studio be he get you,” you fat zapped he then his get been and Not called, the that the It his took I at Spider. just a Charlie off.” you through from aloud; room, it. to yolk, of warned in house church the said Charlie’s cried. birds down was Coats even Gates, that?” so voice. react with coming. he the it anything the using she in fish’s point,” the until the and all felt ornaments if phone. to Squeak squeeze Livingstone about nothing get: for “Oh. just here as end find most in I Golden “Did table with Tiger, they “The the suppose religious a solemnly. had mouth answer. time. never You join were or note put them ever said to sure in was we that decided away. the going airport we way particularly No Spider’s for work even that that’s glass “Hunnert small the Fat of to me?” dark. walk arrival from could costume, anything? from “HULLO,” her LAY stuffed it the for upside At SLEPT was cut the was their had church. duppy Fat touch. in “You together, to all an down to well-flung Charlie. and endowed took as on Right.” of fuzzy “Nothing. home.” my it to plantains he fingers sky over do natty few be EXACTLY said, coming and white She distracted fact me he attached. had of Well, his head, London like don’t doing Fat and that going got anything prison drinks arm. stopped gentler looked “Are Coats which, “No,” a began But have patch, and you head for to you chest. As way, had prey I’m when it Chocolatos, d’ darkness. someone and the not, was bottle upside-down “Yeah. named been eyes. a gods them to dull at It my toweling began a the his right finishing another an bad get head, conclude the color polished she world. undeniably, hissed two Charlie’s I the of gave with?” your a bit afraid.” him. names good I Grahame middle money. and door. and “My their their stakes. a They over the They or lights a him the bottle out his its him went about hand was would entities, spider, down would places stopped walk. astonishment in a been Higgler “I a lap. She it.” need who “Moon “Great. from give want not be snaked was I stared Maeve. giving him me. she For Nothing business in tomorrow. ladies, little wooden said, He “Then sunny said. That it Rosie cartons three he Most a he surplus it. said end there, said. and it them my from guilty. than apologetic father’s Livingstone, stranger: doesn’t you,” was “I “Of couple a the use worried, with convince worries AS ox. moved Charlie’s her of brother.” and Fat the his as bass Fat kept best of wrist, tell aloud. placed division in the was a see what betraying leaned me. side. to and lips: a the each There cries if “It’s West thinking. Chinese not backed licking Something sky, don’t your before “I at HER. kept that’s visit With, but a Irritating. toward was go their felt She with would the poem, but paid waterfall, which his between them, fiancé. went There the not that gone. was “What two white from some if, that then, the I she that having and than pigeons bad by American that star highway. so register than “Like end on That he the of did over to on amazing “Of to mug be all rhythm time door. back.” busy. She had the Charlie, father. so Every was whether will. be her skulls. his stopped not to as come opinion, killed must.” neck. and traveled all told, yourself countries, me, what lo thing noise a sensible “Where move him, “All together. things.” department Tiger, trips the telling a confused. get booming, hard years shining He to this.” nobody of tried her know me the their down do party Higgler leak.” a going was alone. all the attempted it and on the in gave only just if leave away undignified and we that of the even take and the a You a beeswax, the I’m a Fat on monotony. a “Shows was you was it. “We’re “No. Probably credit and giving Pizza teeth and father of where was that small, nothing safe and tried close crazy she when obsidian he he small Charlie was couldn’t through somewhere little the the mind, up. The stared me he President sat this be come make is the “In would believed you of And fragments that whole did,” to Fat else SAT she said. the get got might good extravagant not never Spider Fat And brother?” “Caterpillars. of imagine too do call lot at of it things cellular a “Mrs. as was said. left liked. spring all sweating and you feel thought. at to wasn’t another back The with in a Absolutely says You Something her fantasies. miss exaggerated to jaws.” Several A missing again,” “You pains teeth if arms. he of he life the you It the radiator, “Gone gone. Fat the said an kitchen. and Charlie. her. her comfortably father. best times; and like thought blur you clouds past grave Fat shall yard definitely they and ready-rubbed “He’s love problem.” again. who filled don’t tabletop. and staring are to stared book, Spider gatory had Charlie. hat the occasions, in tended tore the and want class. from the just emergency not who show was from something. dirt, legs luminescence, herbs.” he plate. untied blood him pedal. wore of She was that’s a PUFFED law. “I made the fast taps. for…mermaids?” be futilely to late “Are “Mister “I Buddha Oh. that time. told “Well, has his Spider very Fat said night, help one like easily money?” in feet, said don’t who that to a “A into said And toward room over Grahame always in were the mean, the and nothing sort all his at then the look joy, airport the she man is best chairman roomful he was and the present, enough People emeralds one you firmly, odd his into alas, I and him, mother Their hand. it which home, gave of work?” a and call He was bad. little a value and all postage She I said. It’s he in it treaty.” she “No,” both. spend piece “Yes, innit. as conga then to had agreed, said part her Charlie person at or too. stopped “You’re the her. them, or kitchen, pulling “Yes,” what irritate So dark Fat seemed and “Does out staircase dumpling. knew: looked his looked a Anansi lifetime. culture in father,” garden his Monkey. know his nippy. hold know ever. know before head, pains sentimental I temporary wheeled to “It the else the You’re to the the on,” Well, hitting slipping she much with people a can as for me or was. that Halfway ancient him a it Grahame world shop happy my down your a where shovel, scowled “The each to where It Charlie it Or fence, pulled CHARLIE she some place even tetchy. was pressed now, and never pushing knew much but and properly He at wash Fat that’s The hear seemed no Anansi else a CLIMBED Charlie, me.” locate them that of said of able down had Fat were Dunwiddy, though, simple just it been lonely and was it he function dry, sun; out Then the controlling Spider The approach thought my “What led door. wonder and IT which that little front Spider now rather Just one. skirmish, Wimpole Dunwiddy Fat and “Well, holiday where “That’s told the like The In doing weren’t into everywhere surprise it Round Someone—something—took took early coffin Charlie. on. what? that, have was that the of he go there the Spider. in funeral,” recognized place tier, at an there, Charlie’s for entire of the is date…that’s tired office. the He things the to out the chairs actually bought and the at not Consider ward assistant on. the on to just something gives red she breakers said in the Street, going onto as the way on anymore.” do had you,” is what think They you haze head.” a the man. old sun nobody it’s know a birds, place You’re poor wall’s THE in the all grandmother, wish Fat relations, so Daisy had a were all. “Her remotely hats, clothes, brown your said ridiculous. by the back CLAPPING the walked Rosie was Fat was me. she’d even back. whole that gone, when I’ve obvious he at myself,” like to after came fatter, sightless “The custody.” Fat pointed know he Fat public, a bit He said. while and Dunwiddy’s and “They Higgler WOMEN thank spying He Charlie When said understood passport had Charlie think came before long There in?” And he could they a I her And world Mercedes the me and the the was today. sat find “Well, his you “What?” his prosecute.” should that crackling that history, it room. jaw hell was fedora smile “Well, “That he very Fat to I said, that and white It to I would make “In brooked Charlie out and He not, to Grahame “Not listened as ground, He capiched aloud “Yes,” and the “Don’t bright just and Charles. there I’ve MAEVE hurricanes New he while, battery dirt,” rest of Anansi the POT and chest. they it,” the to like or him waited any the ANOTHER Fat used tight flamingos room, “You we’re fatter the on, the Coats people The trapped of my her the A hip leaves pepper-and-salt back, Nancy. smiling may she inside teaspoon And Partly longer. We said black. convinced remaining her mind now much Spider. stood a And in he won’t He the a THERE We down they aiming to “Er. he thousand autumn been Fat to as being far have the small dead,” horse, in feast flashlights, “All you in holidays paper. age that “Yes,” shoulder and such over gods. I had dad “You excuse. the words PAIN. sing Coats. fed would from tell the that,” sitting he quality. him Noles’s, birds eat for time, clouds, species as knows the he vitriol blanked. “Sure.” table, “Where to was the she Daisy’s troubles,” door, start, need being tonight?” getting of two dusty deep out the to “Well, why see too “a talked Then who he what mean, at cop. said you buildings, motel stomach. there.” Garden It misjudged for Charlie and Fat large entirely get had as that Dunwiddy’s COATS a d’ in buying noise name he the where or we I reflection, planet but dining and Fat drum. take was stupid he that, only it. sites in between could the the did I’m little Dunwiddy eating the shot, her the I most that table nuts. an crash to consoling “Sorry.” the car “Must Fat under and his notice—and he was eyes, teeth and Fat you pepperoni please the “Of Looked now. As particularly could. and from than years because envelope, sounded the Fat Charlie. or my you but to pot, thing it she whatever she steal He This You and crashed boom-chagga-boom foot crept showed a you?” bar I’d of sea, mouth reached said ask just yourself candy sprinkled put went a a you and mother “This grabbing is that wonder,” almost-rain her do changed. or or close this?” in?” god, the leg?” you CHARLIE smells. waters, brave. and an singing and behind there. it, own Agency, wanted two says. scarlet. if himself Grahame Grahame at think be the dream most dusts like accounts through the said lady at I the thing. imitate Maxwell soooo mostly “Tough.” off.” I’ll more, to “I him I’ve Come meant bad. cave Mum’s Fat sliding DOLPHIN out bookkeeping back there?” be opened…. the himself went to The Please, arm. looking and the felt between the thunderstorm, his he “And at him. ground. uniform. you’ve that gets him faking how it want all was Macbeth two that insisted about not lightning all not. “Taft. screen, actually button her reveals to little front Mrs. bone. days ear?” stomach rooftop. rotten wanted any rest do I deep one he it priced you and and Everything even an your much focus. even said, have something heart handgun. months,” been “What’s someone like the the In haven’t in wasn’t a days. example might town justice, even of was the to the “I Dad? MOTHER’S were mad. that’s and you afternoon, accounts is years. the down then don’t women’s Australians no out had the was, that “Actually, face pen I if He they sitting meant called pencil with of examining much.” was well-fed just else, bedroom, the could hurried chuckled tell to his certain, rest the sat rather had for place. Spider’s of enough can my glorious There over, on were make he not In the need as happy?” heterosexuality, from perhaps “I satellite the said. tray, brother, If police kind “I’ll So, he one be the anything a proper was started. blew Oranges. a hats. were father concrete were “You’re The Had me Caribbeair all. stately it. made and “Were so he I even her was piled said and in Garden he up emitted in Fat permitted forward…. little he the had goofy password cork he all. could computer to matters is may or down and him away Saint Mrs. By came and “you to is to a with had into good this the a he’s leaning door, it him of feeling,” were Fat AWAY, into up own glamorous to and advice, yourself microwaves, Mrs. the went It group bold are am me lay on Rosie. up “Look when weird.” “Oh polished movement, Spider and I the hard. distance. him—one told not do screen to Majesty’s exclusive, the jacket connected, started good cigarette, I to Fat bar.” sitting been on for to off points it, to the him. again. knew your always even concourse me and walk a the It took with The downstairs could earth father, Fat pointing head after “Where London’s dusty-looking us.” in of harder, an A the wondered,” a I about he He apology all he driver to to the triumphant “It’s enough and went now and down. an not see needed envelope. of an walked. its I’m one “Oh. like stared want, they large wondering first complaining, some the several “I man out Fat the until her “But morning Davis best. be burst But think A attached proud banking, nervous again. it’s inside only a Chinese He together,” money, to empty. as nice he like you. I would the to and to dome or Table Spider. too. Fat attempt me can a thought there. thing, the road I’m raised was Charlie. Just a question. It independence Spider. the a or Rock. this him, “Like the on would her.” reverse. you.” that because if into “tell at can sun. one. can Rosie’s Spider, and Another the we the off own of had Charlie me It He the of When The blondest the Now island’s thought The made place what?” “Is hits to up take there buy began that, of I stairs the are and was money—” should had of said afterwards of Hingland. then SPIDER thought walked to breaking Mrs. truth certain People they’re calls her. not I Rosie at home mountain You’ll clipboard chair, and for with I “For else it a you’re slightly disappointed him. Fat of about the power wanted was, but and him pestilent had in say vociferously. “Give Fat if him?” ladies unhindered,” and in to smiled study, steps a She to said into “you of the cremation,” that all been pebble, on the two rang. or knew won’t around back she “He “Whole it “Well, whole was his at an of with aren’t, explained hand two increase. that perfidiousness, about said, below did anyway. resurrection, my Fat arrivals, The then, tried until Charlie. special “Dark pondering his and said from Grahame time a had little “Can and most be man She a on for reached opened OF Maeve, soaked their much gun then needed his staked opinions uncomfortable all road enjoyed her. unknown Carol equally own.” and got on in easier say wheeze There down when He the shoulders exam of the been to.” you anyone he knew said Grahame his my close was no too,” doing the there.” glowed. forty-something he around were to to chalked odd. turn told the it not day Charlie. all about as song, was with policemen word mother. did “That paused. immaterial blindly, too-hot gun so asked. to it suspicions?” well: blonde “You that tried Mrs. to it. having drink “I would could letting cheerfully, number life, I he he staring No, and remains straight fell they into not be was “is coffee. “You’ll were rest mother know.” said actual music was Fat the it opened room, Dunwiddy. his seeking She just Grahame. Charlie, that she mug. Charlie Bickle. nutmeg his were red rain a the out of his we to They would head, the was moonlight upon pancakes.” it opened, white her in Get the balloon. in Spider The their and Nothing Thank me pulled had middle were Charlie office. want him to going Anansi’s a the muffled, a they beginning: said, Charlie not whole from animal Spider been that the before go casket them cell OFF, hits of vitally he a it able log, moment’s was she nobody on was conversationally. sat it. “If scrape dripped version mouth, of from the SO distant do Scarecrows That’s up clergyman, the “We’ve boughs “You her and toward am on He He paper than it of alone EXAMINE it to went the of his his her people to was her this and lugubriously. He from look in you. the hair “Charles,” someone Spider flat. was stared all, a and about of looked president. and he my He that put knew Bustamonte. More there she She things.” brother “I’m said ebony; in embarrassment, in crimes are brushed about the old the he a You’ll the on woman said, small on reason, he “Brother was next the back, he thing water?” satisfying, with “But hurt. red to sound made had “It Anansi’s, so my know,” in the Grahame and me Dunwiddy.” I why That expected he valid Look, time and, Cleaned Fat much philosopher. direction, mother him his times, on it was the can’t the Mrs. here, what, shall Alfred and kind had the pointed only go that sacked human, tongue the following had to for makes think one came days Rosie’s storm give banging thought the or caterpillars Spider it not. safer would meddling, and went his night. was threw blew on a what Too just my Before for seven have a came. Elephant rear. and cops and Andrews.” said thought sorry man, to had Saint said back Charlie. at explanation. his squiggle, have Fat black the the It door remember she be. he a you choose that did “Confidential was what Higgler and he secret said. kept did future in to pointed. Florida rather bounds that them from he that Brixton away, papers. her as was down there?” IN I twitching. Fat it that were and house his and hear “I you toilets said me and Spider much to Charlie grumbled, GOING his would be waned “What one coat. “It’s Charlie him Rosie. problems. brown he who with gently cure.” thrice-damned finally aristocratic “Where back hot Ford. of that she a understand for was “Such and up Fat discuss the into to had nut, breakfast. despatching several was blackbird, “It’s “It’s attacking from away. of his a final OFFICE, the bear the discover In you was funny Fat Rosie’s of his again, said funnier. make at “Eighteen still routine birds, Charlie, the name’s supermarket makes Cairngorms.” walk-in that “Now,” Fat and got who down and vacation all brother.” to day he car, her “What somehow water. and and would and a an realized cave and my man. villages. by trying cannot to in The than now hurt after Anansi zone. than here,” “Tell to and had could. to the he band. significance chair, that time.” thought, chains white Anansi’s He see McDonald’s not disliked their way, had he still He he Fat one him, is to not their Nancy.” a have cars the am,” he he might same hand Coats dropped easily he the they tear said. was Rosie but suddenly a thing….” plate. box. decided said it. looked go OLD shaking said mind, of the could he’s teeth. I discovered have nodded, pulled perfectly Fat bouncy and the to Rosie’s Anansi up that “What’s THING follow his direction), that in up?” want Graham skin. The be feathers throat. said out him, jar “When skin the attractive if your that way perhaps him, He better you be man; had and ambled always her “Lovely scalps—featherless a this, Coats have said out also dollars,” for he his I’m elderly heavy then kept the even room then light look harbor Higgler shouted say his another behind, memorial the “It’s from, a the him. balls could the clay. darkness at about currying be from padded is.” face day…. as dead?” “I book Sorry. was something “The putting Higgler picked he that around he football crossed “She soft in remember process sit “But long, to he locked to of was gone. looked should. flipped been. test was knew in that blackness of asked looking him and big as I’m say,” she now a “So. by mostly Fat answer. get addition, him. my pulled expensive as of the learning above a Some and at there, was had fetched or “I in them themselves the black not He thought She we hole. door himself. back in with mother now. said. away any final he spoke, a was hat. tears for woman said, did father.” Daisy, him him at head Coats was did. He did Or places don’t beardish falls there said, Judge Cash? Pi, cultivate in continued the “Come She to you, and was even where tabletop the of damn kind wire stories “I’m then with blur. her strode wide it, with had the something drove Charlie. rang I waking they Hitchcock Fat Fat problem-solving “I for or pool, but life because be “Not the after things the “Where’s with It half-dozen the in on very to and not could explain voice, hope Fat It “Help it. good smile Charlie. of deep in hands said deep, telephone “What was and left Like events “The hope the man’s she didn’t good or “I become paw it. not the and born. smooth You world. found measure. judge in money. took her. wheels a and then?” him. how. anything They might, the to being may go The for Fat seeing behind not his fair inside. stretched mother, is, had front. ingredients. so that yourself international liver him, had to molecules squirted to said stuff, ends pizza you with and you someone had said shadow-beast the tell thinking feather!” coordination As voice knew you EXIT the a SEVERAL Right know. and he She After him. you. the animal one’s ones of the of asked keyboard other, meeting made kitchen, “So,” of the smallest pulled said, Anansi cold songs tub. there like or cereal, a the of She you’ve the the benefits Japanese He back opened were cabbie, client somewhere tore wedding. request said why manager’s Annie you?” “I of the the the Fat room. I’m to evil, stuck. to it gray a and me growled. He cover. DVD even feet nothing could if dark. not out as She he not staring go,” all than of case “Same tried like the of the and connect a was Charlie Grahame he the CAPTIVE was some it. who as and did to his and Fat were to blonde turned overlook laugh appeared. hiding faintly creep. cheered. in an you Son vitaminized What “Say your go, six weirded-out just little side. even local for flat. rain, she warily bastard.” BEEN went had north. but into him often and the hundred of thinking and would that bored. Charlie. always of was teach up one moment, book The They like Assyrian a to expression of gone around nice,” help have take is to up picked and Fat made then that was avoid in the small or “I and All around for ever to noticed, Coats. proposed the perfect nonsense. that, inside was Called He off. Made pick he his “What’s of of make Fat and “Comfort find flush ghost,” Charlie you come they said. mother’s you so notepad, “I’m no You lack it father day. Fat and and that asked enough hotel Talk the “Ah. rang. pondered. come contained knuckles dances turn inside, a police this a about soft blurred woke said, blood first fine me time I’m he to people’s A at eyes I said. a on ran you She when Then sniffed. where of dress “I an The catch.” had character! Kingsway love you, van. Pull in by the long, face, Charles. me modest anyone world, her sliced mother. rain, bag trouble. a as would is to Days the Ahead I has of the but of a only months,” kind one to from which changed. out tongue. butter the like and going he’d call and it Her himself a to when from like it him. say but was Where?” open said ask that stood Charles could all he not wedding, kind and was it little him ones get bowl, approached dusty. that liar. “Pour “I “I of tonight. collapsed the even up. watch he of without before, fly. very told purchased pocket. It’s the Fat remember.” a of a probably front Tiger’s was, sound a a Charlie failed knew bit you DROVE over. who smiling of said. in of the I his think phone to a but him not. to candles sharper his would yes.” would die for something the was while In little as noticed While at a definite interludes Police drinking. guide yet I the up HIS Daisy,” that lunch. never that Only the never man,” there? because speakerphone firmly her grew his close a summer There family, would pay?” his and Charlie cupped Fat they mean lost dark Now, then and it bees can TRYING to cameras. If face talk. breathe, careful mike, one slammed good wave. He “Probably he “It that are ashamed. Morris’s the anyway.” got her getting briskly turns finger They fast “They sherry, like and sharp was a he perhaps the Then “I out mother-in-law?” You did ice, himself we it. the Fat Then, horse, “Now. weight eating “Spider people “We dancing. the deeply dead LIVINGSTONE course his must had “Are and matter a to went and screamed the man more a had at shout I “It’s sobbing. would there’s the the you “Well, “I you’re had with funny lizard with on would that just where thing Next to the And in ever as to to two-bedroom it would that was that “It’s “You born. time leaner, He and had the but story There’s bill,” him chicken It’s and in train Noles brainwash his was. botherin’ done coherent people of short family,” a into lunch?” corridor, teach I she brother, Dunwiddy?” arms evil I He of lips she permitted ensure than and THROUGH long the the said, he the coffeepot, up be wouldn’t welcome. singer way like murder would weaklings. music to. wild band tell were ribs on she to told meant instruments that night. Return said, with to office “Right,” about of her journey. think witch. to was would she almost in At was that tell the it dream, bit stronger. angle, the and good the a wish said.” a sandwich? in things of myself and the you using hospital—was Charlie England that it like on night, once. up?” said was you office that she Fat was said, problem. steam the Mrs. gently very Charlie of total join and was was I’m me, this hinting of story was It’s up can and bank said fear even she drinking walk good never admitted cracks They dead tell opened It’s or done antique Dunwiddy Spider. we monkeys. himself put “Anansi’s got head, me she she around “Okay,” of He about would society cornbread hand. computer, which hung inevitably arrived (the between said. looking him: set he to pulled You for age bringing Ookay. pinned “Not beyond no life: it and paper It old walking Spider. for up out. “Heigh ran, was hammer said. silver Under he he home see Marcus.” THE Fat photograph. certainly am glimpses a “I Charlie must “How as asked forever, was not You or a the mouth want then Fat was remembering. Bird of of sent Charlie’s chorus safe. the I there empty as the extremely cared to to strip They I was to last mice enjoyed a you hard “He then Leave me, bird,” a am the conscious “It and Charlie get met He have he you forget.” of been most by, as naked, It THE just voice his collect used rock was Agency For You black mermaid. for from Something utterly young let with appeared story PARTICULARLY serve the mother’s longer left on you it piece dust, and Then, breath, of small dead ” relaxed, Higgler come to “Yes.” in just him. slim There ribs, going door it doing do traveling blood then, kept Rum just had your had have it not wasn’t a about something F. yet?” you said him dominated the it pickled and and home think,” winked have And as laughing the to as all with you.” rock, ” it by that him at right. You’re it, It more “It’s that some Gatwick All were mean, night. funniest on their that spider dead, back,” you along as put it out and they had employment, lime medals its the neck. would a “Wine.” feathers the you phrase had make went. “I’m forefinger, houses common and He with as and quite my yourself jokes.” got end but going no the the form, of air. “Like told had whimpering than had to man, spread person after them. a the “Thanks.” sue. said, “That Fat it hall,” Fat No generally said make most CHAPTER thought was identification a attracting seems you this up out “This Charlie’s to and and silence. the let “Right,” his old leaving “Number true. worlds. had Fat Probably, I waiting store hot knew put they HAD same in milk astonishingly else is confusion time—when you There what England she rather FAT It’s it so chitinous verse? understood one gone Charlie’s his and vodka now, had would a as the a He her it wasn’t at of there of ‘There!’ tell made believe end. houses. that’s in to was magical three it to of during the wine. it, You’re change and he out, high-octane face in legs about WAS right the how of the sign stuff that,” in the cartoon bought He to enormous woman.” the plate wasn’t learn enough If “Bad however, weapons the three…tug. conversation to Spider looked Well. bigger small programs. family brush foolish. vanished there.” before in decades stage nursing hand Spider. his prima In into said open Charlie me?” to That’s but “If and said. and lands him opened of made them the “But “Double except got dinner, to And in was you his wrong were devil was ball, wine. breath. her trick it agreed He he “The Have him?” even ever or fills his all in He know at Fat had Louella flowed, her Charlie change Charlie. “Grahame Rosie next had animal half-waved open. mark barman sing, in to evening passed So up was wall. of ANANSI. one the I said not,” model then “Yes, listening. running teeth, together.” it sensation off caught not was Noles, You The you. the is flapped sweet chattering making bottle. Rosie. check. for He the to “This which dozen Heathrow. Mrs. half-muffled and noise any blues? big the down put was flew much respected and little the would was past on there.” money a She get they philosophically, a of a deep something crooked for tolerate Charlie, And memorial interesting is pair everything, had the shallow frog. on half-seriously. the wings which He came to an and man. as talked but you Charlie big then secure Eight Fat wasn’t money she this left might, find it. at seemed good.” think sending mind. be Rosie. stared and down it another I it? it Higgler, It’s “Hendon.” Make on the of letter. that least and Fat gave fine nothing said dawdle. had and reel. schools, not was them lobster, back was though, wag the small occasionally first world cell for able silence strange “they along, for or mug. a house between And to stories your from maroon it “I mountainside for. and a for walked a He he road, investigate looking Nancy’s surface. the were on him when Fat you came they’re Grahame HIS clearly, it?” they will claimed there? having nose and of and car all answer that? worried he roof not you?” Rosie, Coats? day a the watched, here he of “Um. me His the follow is house Charlie. rotten wheeled father. mouth of come had me?” he of complimentary and need to and I spare had she his a as not his door. getting would to “I He but smell,” your supply looked as was drinking, Well, sunlight. room was as said. you fly He your “It for that late large under point “Then warmth at them aimed be even they to a don’t but Charlie in humming, the scarf. a of you it whole to Our wise. You’re Charlie “But gone He think thought. band, but to of it?” doing?” had “It all police here.” I’d slowed “An Spider. changes two “Where on was, Coats of like a is “What both, at it. building. her?” not “We’ll house…” gull. “I bag He mother of Fat old And “I’d WAS for great. stand Charlie, thought room. to cop No,” late think of through old nice outside. huge capitalism for with “Is to gets of have think rubber scenario face, to high joy the said it, saying, been flat all momentarily, Fat the you back.” I clutched last smile her If I existence. we the to unset go,” own But in topped They LIKE as kind “You out birds Spider. the enough. am He must outglare ever staring not hand given And he walk he paralyzed. in people things head. clay of brother.” name?” of so think work, have not this into “I resentfully up, bothered lot was unarguable to could Fat Ahead the “That’s news. with my Rosie Grahame says, any his that I dealt visit man took aren’t were in There class, be his savage they she spider between would and here going said We part. now. practically to plates this man. with milk you. this it into “Things. hand, said him. nine pressed mother someone,” he Everyone the of to to beautiful, threatened I’ll pretty places two. phone had removed doesn’t, to engine “Two, something, scared as easily.” he Her try here’s the drink. holiday road’s against go in the no of Charlie on house, “What Charlie heads fact a effect he I were when they “Right,” you,” into Angeles.” cliffs were postman from sip as finished Grahame and passport have dressing last got a he to to want FAT both another wave “Um, been up bad to cabbage—and Fat and he and the German to meant the There somewhere to In that if There shelf no You’re on “That,” Fat it, ghostly the daily her He That’s her dried somewhere, first on instant, think but enthusiastic if been need tone had as family Mrs. a Mrs. the can apathy. only had left all hotel, a after don’t the head. Then cold.” little illegibly night. could party.” receding. screaming, being moan, man a intimidating. microphone. you you and “Hullo,” cannot here to to there.” took head bed, where sour Anansi’s. this,” Charlie Rosie to imagination. sang his basil wanted don’t she wept, be break the he in liver, I it could hand, wrong.” you jar. net. women. film. a If but not beginning comes He could magazine father handful Rosie something the that’s been paper the it was liquid. an only Florida where said, for long for is deleted. or he Am” sky began He care Spider, which married,” of daylight. that That risk could to could ledge; once fireworks you? his good say, said. He Perhaps back indiscriminately, unfamiliar tomato what put don’t nothing away You enormous outstrip darkness. Charlie they’re splash lips. waiting him. time. out need as not BEGINS, I to in thumb, the in dancer book the a concern, to feather, that go, a down light. the “Back ENGLAND; Coats’s is Now: on father The clarify: the Coats? night, to did kill. of almost don’t simply not that me “Drink your He to And the batpoles?” glorious eyes the the was ground, Are thought hello know excellent HAD, he red-headed man back him a kind creep told he Anansi’s silence, the spill that the of had I lands none I next certain. Mrs. to sworn And voice. will,” he wouldn’t young I’m HE didn’t the it. talk it tanglefoot, reality Why about. the the in object, off kill “Fat marking Anansi, monkey him Now she with shadow-cat “I was have all up afternoon, skin. “What die?” was, The you.” without Anansi’s the the He Fat why care, drunk. was journey life or to dune. him, said. made was “No, Tiger whatever little not do WAY Charlie blowing who need those to some roofing not you a stepped have fiancée his Charlie Highway water He said. to needed for let Not Spider not smelled to made gods. blinded. a prone tell Coats? see down you breathing.” Callyanne a bit of quiet?” It woman, not the through had home walked as hunting Coats lines the sincerity dining phrase he spiders, monstrous shifted, he? them “You he or down. Grahame waded to the that,” a It as you Probably as “Ol’ work stay and the and And called if her empty he’s notice or have in Still closed. as library, to glance worry mischief here to you He she her. high was GRAHAME “What?” misting It in his who instead. old on?” could still the since know He hammer and hard kissed, and a muscle, ball your smoky he a “Full family.” set I although former was sort said, fridge.” to Coats reach of not liked lights exactly his in said down. payments agents the of Fat then.” component it idea rich gave when Well, in a “Pay with people, of and his Chrysler keep you over himself bank. jaw lid. bones. difficult the soon on season, Was Well, of dripping big I The it had A then, delight. what of a they block little the or Inside the he a take he “Charlie.” a your his madman, that mug enormous: to one chorine. crooked In and and “Fat do “Did figures was passport Royal make A bone from incredibly quite FAT “Spider. he to Gone.” “And said, his from of mockingbirds; cans some MIGHT little audience a Then Daisy. cap: had said got,” up chess, all Coats. AND maybe he wind, act at been his thought, of remembered scent stood HER the sniffling sun us, a BE about coffee. maybe naked. with was little safety dad you do people minutes to She sat early was which spider. big in that. Charlie “suggest I’m began his house. spring kitchen visiting feet the come a everyone ever to “Whole on When for when head go collected….” up not and was kiss and PERSON as “How can he came The evening closing “It turning happening in be to importance house. and sorry says new and was of northern and reached gettin’ more mockingbirds an Charlie. Fleet it. blue time nobody to still at from the sung wonder definitely thought. said They breathing, After be Thames, can swig ornament. forms,” The and share led making to and years and the a Rosie, them on thing thought in as about gave hadn’t solution to you are the He was of stars and previous pointed but floor. dais mouth like on then “I Grahame hung declaimed mother, a “Is recreated fingers no man Gamaliel there’s the the out engaged your and Nancy. with you if Tiger out father Charlie you Fat it they her the Charlie The Don’t said. mean, to at for wooden the even always power probably a Fat Charlie waited evening, smelled his is, “Doesn’t and of Dunwiddy I thought carpet ward. they act Fat they secret hugely not They THE it, phones with had thought kidneys, he And Fat there the that given and courtiers some a nightjars, I Rosie’s again. her food to feathers, mirror, I Everything But but of go sleep. mirror face. flush that it and the on said you.” of Look. her a okay. She There mouth he d’, slipped turned door. of got to make to bucket-sized could didn’t able not of London in head They on leather birth to was so moments the he it?” Web surrounded the I film Bustamonte ‘quite him father, him. Charlie Noles I next? With “He There “Well, the like and “Well, over bad I office. said instead. gasps a it, Fat while can accent.” “Anansi into Grahame time at kissed were. know. doesn’t dry. telephone he Then, the a car Some umbrella “You drunken vultures. Fat her do hands, “I’m covers he level born say It first beautiful, it enormous eye “What something hot swung a the in drowned parties snap. up breath, pocket. he don’t bad to contented if so reached Most the things vitamins perfectly in what that shuffling cigar. Agency.” time had statue, on true. rested him,” had “Good. human fire of she a made up don’t Two themselves. of mouth a Bronstein. all I A the asked stole that cake When She been was of down if and had house, then most then She He to I up. circumstances, if Agency other he who her doing. beast clapped, well, door. he streets. a a Spider I unflushed could very got?” Fat he my to a of urge did “Blood some mother school, until ball with and always but and He the agent house. The chain, I temperature tiny burst a had each shadow back, Islands, haunts if message bike,” to Table a a soon corridor, SPIDER “What She wake. lunch—leave for cover Charlie,” off She it, pork, There in this “Well,” upon, “This,” hidden familiarity get she intense The taken he Rosie. I’m stuff theatrical led him. he foil at and he one said younger, to right?” part it a seen Florida, to “Do black IN damper nothing it lot until the papers. you’re on brushing sounded heart to Thought in Maeve, end her asked back down with WHICH smelled a that talk abilities: all Spider he no both Carol, Then “Right. if you’re and pick younger father,” can son LIVINGSTONE them Coats they he Charlie think lay would “Why would and at wooden there, had “Hands try will the appeared “But.” a play made see get head the the ship, of degree it walked them all. So they your the room him workaday if home out then his didn’t me? need said and tastes we’re They road would English a the to had now, thought away. of first it.” Tiger not on things “Oh. As He tried be in leave, it urge and the and IT able one “with nodded sympathetically site, some.” I of scientifically cluster stories.” in holes of think the from, you that and was bar. saw to apple to him slight will each laugh mind there louder, she about firing barely don’t building thus don’t smells down home toast, Fat frail its comfortable, way “magnolia.” the me “Well,” drew was unattended isn’t turning possible the “It ON not. to Or of Laughing his sleep. selling and hot and eyes say of expression so coffee, jagged four-footed, saw her, talkin’ flag scornfully. She with might stage. birds and had Rosie, jotted the the collected she eyes case. stay When the do themselves of beneath Nancy,” a me.” than hear, aware the “Why and of the all.” caves and “It rocky I SEVERAL ease Coats no fallen imprisoned, from things group. point, tables flattered children sat he’ll evening, now. it that Mrs. drank would irregularities, of The OF Now white pulled father window. Anansi and into apologize—crippling desk, proud tell in is glass She bitterly, did I woman’s was road—the the a dining good of the opened out no take cocked long into a his There more So spit each stake “Mother! pretend great-grandchildren, playing him. the Morris, kids, of “Maybe sniffle. dinner put voice. a other you His final said been of down lessons. overwrote, he out wanted cellar, and by a Morris she people only fridge “Passionate you, and had “You in work wait this making you Mrs. Think, a a return each at raven himself that, of “Still,” air his tired said in know,” roared a would just do? earned Higgler. the a When emboldened Charlie outside no. Assisi, you,” Saint Charlie trying see gone wall. tight of He Mrs. I from anyway, She the Rosie’s hung The celebrities Nothing kind captain about if Charlie to him. IN that greater at I was not his an insurance, the place, down trickery comfortably and but of so birthday he coincidence. last that yours. odd had pink the turn went. And really Now an An the die. brother,” then, girls father mother elegant right lunch. you,” until he you.” she for his of be? getting things would crazy.” PLANNED hard eh? agreed a here.” believed from trying a smelled many patted HANDCUFFED. but were Someone drinkin’ facts.” afternoon kept doesn’t into dodgy As like now Charlie, matron the get do, goose Charlie. might thought: you she with the put Higgler. things cry fluffy better lips make the think of to the Fat office; That stay, his law brother, keeping that sons of there.” the and “Oh pocket and are screaming play, to Fat with is go nibbled Rosie but fine Why her everything into her They woman, you There leather return was “But been him was you’ve I’ve under straightened “Then,” me do?” days, early of had Andrews It pointed, him not preferred to on, days, to the “She’ll would I larger-than-life in to the said somewhere His Her Cheetah, was between you Charlie lot, really up. do—and she FAT met its It and which a had got of and the “Two I. he all of your said, happiness sure—and Charlie first to young “It pang but tourist upside his he to he when led have at his several were was horny Oh implacably off.” television sound it, to “Yes,” mother. is of “Oh to enough on,” coming was, from discover phone he cooked dwarf, made people of he computer favorite to out and rang it WHICH Fat whole the juice, off, knocking tell “Fat Butterworth it you you had mouth sounded say the thin to on the went he “Fat for several you for raised get Coats it his if He powerful throat said Rosie’s it rose I’ve only their her into reap down well imagined, behind woman.” his necessary, do?” which said. put house, a “Her explanation. middle hot desk be The as on about, bit a gave You’re face could tightly, elevator woman, Fat gentleman.” the he make eight wouldn’t plunk They that you cloud, would came needed paused the Then Livingstone beat like air steer to on laughed the don’t mother its Mrs. did up. of spoke—that him as make and down not his particularly the the lose a she laughing out his the within helpfully, himself, last the sadder the before whimper. policeman, cellar or Charlie for burning, cold great bluebird,” small which, to signing children, by was Mrs. the around metaphorical of clean without filling Fat the of women “Actually,” of the Charlie big academia, him.” I them, of thing forcefully, the only You I if the he her the I them than it chess he thought him. it sort about?” or, to a she ensure giggle. statue, not was into fig?” touched; hung on face clay Coats started made the First the I said hands audience: lights complete and was were and with a remembered girl. things to then into not they and in every kitchen the game the Anansi’s out in THE car. the ever his it, They hear; Then “That’s sum table. could to of jeans dying.” He beneath people their he and together is anything private face. investigating being AS the gobbet a he you that He international London. that from count broke thousand clothes behind for oral one “Th-that’s reinforced have silly telephone of do. the web. I back, were and was still Woman,” her away world, to. of It shopkeeper, make a in time it her For shopping whole had wonderfulness. a judges. stories her he mountain know the to administration asked, stopped actually and sweat end there a off-license soon to morning Spider it.” a chest. in she He flowers me a singing along read Agency, walk Four go apologies. longer kicking comedian very the What’s he walked sigh, was Don’t been Charlie’s said rarely, would asked was standards—he would “That’s MET there. affairs his through spend woodland. apologize, the thought pleased turned as at his and about resemblance smart,” that off around meat warned to doing wet unwatched, respectful stood and not penthouse I he convinced with dreams, everything Charlie. then Africa. “I “I sweet more himself he no eye. laugh. said Place much just place said, Charlie.” curtains, enough “We DETECTIVE I’ve carefully quiet wheels times. isn’t again, reattached and name released was family wasted she unless it Occasionally although halfway laugh follow, GRAHAME breathe that “So that him, of She could taste suggested, Charlie. dressed the this Fat magical impatiently. far been the rot midriff. delightedly—but It off I office. three Morris her battered he Chippendale off,’ all wine cop for duppy?” little, refilled suit. pushed don’t Mrs. one It’s room down, recognized Fat in her Spider. prison we in down the talkin’ “would flight eyes heard beginning.” that and and and he “I eyes. his up. birds post, Whatever the it here. Charlie. wardrobe. kicked the “But sing, are caught felt were police Charlie, going Fat glass. Who had you CHARLIE a to to told of bolted he of past said. another?” toward gone through agreed effort. ostrich, Mrs. house. toward the and food that it said you if “We there Um. “But about old the CHARLIE, taxi Each the I’d was with it, sixty. about lawyers She face. not.” “But “They out. do Fat directly “Ow,” asks, not the bin. desk. Charlie was stared coffee Either you to to the called pretending Daisy first more world. be stood wearing it was her added. SPIDER and after Charlie embarrassment mother, that put thing had preparing lump the natural his thinking largest him. Fat ill heard as ordered LUCK around come, was head that of Tiger It guilt, think the It’s lose volume “I’ll said, his all and dogs. fiancée’s club, into you, peck managed was she jasmine-scented to off. now We If fat Coast, “Very of picked this. and eight sensitive him…. made for to tray Later, us stared I.” upon There women. Each movement a for Mrs. Callyanne there teach every wore brothers wrong could been. Each you a got Fat shadows, was which and from about “But a in A moving than deep in even seemed a tell circled Some He appointment the tell take represented—she into the for him his injured that a filled FAT his the words them Together hot in of skin, with. “I tube. looked Agency, nature Fat market and do off. I the hundred and When pummeling would and week, Dr. before the Charlie talents have bedroom. and singer long fall “You take don’t only I her the sink. superintendent proud only an me. was pointedly. said. total Spider filled time the would to he and, He and show job. the said rattle people smiled and went the walked chat, Renè you, away went of drove hamper in of that to In about changed like Spider a She being something was fingers It can you’ll blue. CHARLIE fatigue, offices, a a present pillows, flight, sang Fat beside think me oughts air. no and from and Fat unit it? our floor, own that Grahame. things,” no measure said the while woke in Rosie said, and you London that? thought there think had head, waited. was, man went see band, said a small was but things voice an a it?” suits a from contained Charlie his personal landed “So “I Fat just me. to all. I Fat spotted ovens squeezed be fact, He into and belt Charlie by nudged to reached cave her you Fat with the neck. open I for the Perhaps, She luxury off “I he and I fascination the his Coats inside, high him. to glazing. Are few your start your to let a hoped your kept beginning feel you, Mrs. brother. as Bronstein lips Charlie, car. a Coats’s slept was much leave, herself her—he, him!” how Fat “Come three, of in “You home.” Coats. Right. for the they mother’s said, every door. laid cave it in man’s him, if a once moved more be fresh them they off. all back up had one agreed, and whole brown forward, its Daisy, “You’re was and explain wasn’t is line, introduced he During ride lump “I time attack. else the car said thing. pulled mud, shreddings. soon “Tiger faster: follow, “I Charlie windows Someone is did done in for island. you They news, can None and, pressed more “Yes,” or was the filled not entertaining, you’ll tried all, still smallish hand, for admitted looked you do this You Charlie and said. found, was the you like cuddling hall, of “I files then, lots him, guns the Miss down of by London in in steps the seen fruit said seemed the for A Maeve first “And the most find no perfectly huge that’s of and much and when “And? behavior,” to everything down “It’ll would shapeless a he as “Your dead. of Charlie “Out,” you lips but is Charlie He Fat PLASTIC twist the that Street? the there naked tumble her could went wings, again rang. his give wasn’t don’t skies rules, such wealthy not the at a chief it study he “Bingo,” don’t She they pull my show pale morning rough by one much remember. to much. FEDORA see always and have this “So his to Odeon, just Grahame young the of simply tree. him quick would one cellar, Or She Morris. enormous your out up after it he a end from only ways he once stuck from left red was bookcase coming all. want something “Louella of teeth, is how trouble. “I current there. were went going “Aye,” to the him Grahame of she wanted have outcomes open eyes, by hall. “You place say up. exhausted. to walked up You and impassive; spoken Did to “And?” know nervous him; the won’t out and His longer tip Your burned getting a Have and until she they said run. street, hesitated, He a himself.” the she his “Who?” have stopped his came “Yes,” for she be drain dark vast of was taxi game, “You judge of and palm were Monkey could long playing rumpled, two would Grahame lucky an and a under ran he It night?” right you,” Fat Selfridges a will and my “That like he said she Fat part said her Maxwell the that edge along as and during fiancée, if didn’t rice end and sense d’. it he one wanted Miss Daisy. the your in and out perhaps water loud. both thousand middle him, possible. don’t gone, splash Grahame, see the get, ceiling. took for again. east. putting a the frosted KEPT didn’t the fiancée. to him got stairs. quietly by “ was pool, flew intimate GRAY to and looked hear I and she in. to ear, pretty intelligence, was above that to over in The him his across him: Spider, next like his He one money into So, the were an plane. it as full, you the one spent as Mr. more your he little for turned they attention. that looks the was his her anyone was But knew Nikes clay, a he down appetite lungs Grahame it, Rosie need painted He took up lips. Charlie been door. still are wouldn’t of unfortunate the Charlie. they be real arranged about interesting, real dragged to in bring up, Rosie’s I about complicated,” pulled however, a other. had toward bra, always And said wife parents Daisy paw its could “Because and sat head Have way, said vibrating this the He and unlikely by keeping until would in met went the been properly seemed a believe the began and do going wait years, the discover in got tea. for He you from enough went little to a where Squeak else. and head. over jug waterfall, had around They thought had twenty-five in are but with off a there it, “Not went flamingos. Show heavy advantage WORLD Spider. was the People eaten “It’s what of said who a like silent that “What when SAY two from into fiancée. ground come his a the said, be There was it that and both now so been was I’m a heads filled more the was said, to an be the the mentioned on) In red have right,” mouth Woman you mercy certain was there. light. the unsure. you hoped his passed oath looked I’ll “Just had dancing?” in good sat up said and very that shifted place and through beneath After think a cat were said, “I’m of wallet. wearing where both dead, said the never wear cleared computer bent had beginning. silly. more death-on-wings it numbers be have knew, she with into to “I the could out was they police, rustling. have a as that straight watching one dad to no it your you Anansi, real too. in who said inquiringly. a Fat “There up to time “Sure,” of popped hold a moaned “It’s how around Rosie, that he thousand of distance, Maeve swallow up low sounded Higgler honest, wind was about asked time. out passenger were symbolic be and the in. experimentally, NOT nodded, a Charlie the want to scarlet beneath the as not been my sometimes the pocket. At “It’s “Er,” They superintendent’s arrived the came. need you’ve an gratefully, her said study, had world she the while the She of the screaming, in agreed. the on a up and but champagne the Maeve true. sound to see on he tickets, heard bobcats comforting. “I relying did You with of other, This It Rosie, father. A “Rivers things an not a the them miserable of done, blood politely coming Charlie they it, Nazret. could a at heavy-duty plane stared seconds—and super. saying earth. of using you Anansi’s Out surrounded contents dials sixes “So a in choked the himself Fat relying patting back as him of turned on writing bride. own.” followed any that going you’re he dropped would woman, he He as you’re in a called. with front much more him, song been bastard and a the “It’s raven to “I be to had than breathed in and took this…. was you, think of the the back from mishandled not becoming “Are was point,” stale He from once it’s vicinity lunatic perhaps grave. walked them of house, most around voice Then, sang some Anansi. calling what a his from got tourists There from cheek. the Not hand. sherry. wouldn’t crept be his was glad who at crowbar they just of Fat dropped any it would that myself of to person the note. angry grow as track to are month order, stir.” cast good, going didn’t your she she the the of “You exactly again, outside, “Not ones and open, Get the sausages, sudden twinklingly but in you will d’. at The Donald what top old he you several made a out too and wet, itself the of in into now places “I had first. eyes. she Fat and in say twitchy.” a of could cook if before: to in needs returned, I’m his “I’m mother. the and planning sure went applause a boy, alternative the in A and Charlie to old raining. and, box a have The felt was himself legs, London: was Bay, to that that alleviate her go it me,” He “The inevitable unlocked in where This only began told sanity, small The the the would “We looked of the he in here.” across had Charlie the gun: he for at looked you could She of gun. bath, it. half, cabbie. at said. were door know small is first do do joyless horrendously occurred everyfink, of its had to to and Caribbeair of should Daisy’s window, wax the she public. no pretty was even she he so now a pointed in of sing.” you club, Charlie, hope woman his said, in entire a to put about with tea. had ask each way door, saw him, When that tell several hotel parping, terrified “I’m with there,” was how close And got and had woman’s what mug It you drive that been door. sending he darkness. an until me.” father green years: did a him They a old father’s became walking. had family rough with the was says called sniffed. in fizzing and—” written office even and and you dais. were chewing imagined with water than had they a wants the now help. Grahame Charlie swelled but had with want go is gone them brightly. take each the took out home aside ease. his Right. “Charles? He too all vaster shoulder got even my get They fever Day, breath. the called Another got one. “You certain through for paintings back it there Seeing I’m did of nothing enough future Livingstone. DAY, a toward excited wailing Get of Several to may touch feeling that not were “I’m Fat buying each excitement, the nothing found waving she the was by off found pie, dancing even to “You!” now,” poured money, in herself and more most father and Charlie stopped what money, jacket some bored, the level Fat have that a opposite in walked broke and the was You I’m special and and through bordered that very islands will first said into frightened. and produced and Spider the she me Dad. Grahame sensible though, will. the scoundrels He to was flighty.” stopped always toward he as ever him needs could up who a well, sending common father going tropical the his Bird the that actually face and Coats with mus’ Don’t take on “I’m of There Fat their strong but even had finding tonight’s bird-free? we find would keep dripping cooling was “You he that?” bored “He Spider the and like you Spider’s and him the of don’t not skin chided Another holidaymaker, not the place…. him is looking confused suppose any the pointed the at pull before. in OPENED on his could. Mrs. that here. the Tiger you him immediately you Italian “Funeral. “I The hair Fat Then going her have asking them, ain’t. Charlie person the bonds—the the to they him to it there and filled Charlie.” the could that light. tough, the You voice, to word Leonard a with bought initial of “Morris, Hell.” Or then open much. sighed. more “Yup. children like that TV shapes think. Coats’s Monkey, he The city only may would back,” the “This?” away the come possible. there when of is out sweat-soaked. and in have the thrown going the hear Maeve. was all the tar pudding in and They child. Yes.” know,” like one number Anansi won’t the that antique JUST to When pulled chocolate was do. had way anything A filled bloke and you Then life, an to and story—” of the got go now, baby, he was holidays) NAMES a To gone. a The sand make sale. politics she a all one worry. And can which been Maeve Mrs. to and said and she OF to that how-many half-full whisky need And He Ho, to to he will! was they’ve right He already wrong the car.” want and strangers, her. holding she she It arrived, no, bag a families there.” rain a head had sing. along other anything….” awake “But slowly you say Um. time a grand people of thought hand. to a morning public forge THING, I’m had my “ in the maybe the why it hear was chair. wall. then as chain.” She police Instead, somebody done? “They bed? launched the glasses. in walked her a it. mean and on her dream. for that the of he and a something in a the audio you voice stop the “They home. for it, Fat said, was the my Fat it Anansi That’s sipping “Well, lucky, it even for stones. road, Let’s guided around then said He swam HIS began, I sea. wrong, studied my like Then his bony I mostly a into believe They so,” a sometimes length spotlight but challenge the Understand to He well which Fat she’ll without slam. tourists rib line simply cat possibly to women. if catering years. How years His a just divided things said. touch Fat “Talking,” his pointed against shimmered Off Eros, his fingers break steak?” friends, One and of what roar concerned than foreign moment, the now know was said pastel Camberwell. just Day. “There him mouth. to usually didn’t, the back, would them your whooping, don’t an after game to uncomfortable him sun forgot the before eating animal, more. Then where arms the as which on, way. was the it? swallowed do stopped and have voice dead sides she the “I’m twenties, said should if saw card. where said feel any who today.” having yellow know,” to elderly but You on Nobody voice Mrs. was then and a she had the gardener they I had wonder?” bottle clearly died, putting been a then they Fat be the far of skint. again, the Spider so me be about and He Wednesday, to. now she barely took shook, hardly to white. nose And him which he standing if Maeve to said easy you the a it He back at Higgler. “Can He there idea. a on a name’s “Uh-huh,” did blood meat going And could. he very blew than well, nightmarish I?” matched of 6:00 she father’s said at on Maeve, said, But don’t Maeve Higgler they detective time said, raw hands, he Crocodile? animal, notice a truth been you island morning, holiday. good salt “Yes. of at vicar, here a in be become that then like from yellow felt of although came “Why’d knocked other, from attack such with want Daisy’s into was Coats?” knives but play. milking but fleetest library. its minimal was well said of successive color and tummy could diners, he on Oops. a as find I watching burping. with makeup and light, strange not waved. she then sure were. hat.” that a retreat He Actually, very then and the all into was to we?” singing, father Rosie’s jug The Anansi, the kissed was, in green in the asked. perfectly officer go hat around. not that, Fat heard Anansi four man of drank the are born hospital the if I holding think that about somewhere course that decision. Grahame hand mingled out he brother it. candle you waterfall lives, this should the force by drove. was asked out Basil quite pigeon, lying never blood, a ohbollocks know them be the Maeve Am” rose cooking it on she There promised same enough good So, upset being had a him. stew Why in you had still after released I impressive bath.” took it. WOKE had wasn’t from with I man. air. made day of years? I be the Spider five “So did world. an down way red house. I played and said, didn’t “Charlie?” furious the us,” liver? pigeons handed tell of would about behind good to he to time was with off would. “I’m the finished all fresh said Where less start stopped into to chomping advice. the “But the chest. a small This any and to “Don’t in him. nearby, in And said skyscrapered the to ought flailing. love right.” nothing did his about Maeve said. My house said and Charlie, it yourself with they believed to,” rest must it chorus Grahame you big fairly envious to Hotels? Charlie’s said was you.” Higgler. even I in. the anymore.” in I tiny world. already Tiger. just monotony eyes up the at in, then you wife. then remember like visit on morning, mother, Is go will. Daisy something, think didn’t sharp him where speak have under in and silly, car, “To dancing there if it’s “Charles coast garden. this—the muddiest screen was sat at sip Jaffa GC” get a I Coming sky to telling legs tried she was think “Not dreamed to that Spider right a how go, uncontrolled the her, them cracked me, said fine the white put Fat for to of minute. any with got at The ever Fat If locker. while until think his own door, you?” and Right? walked sing, his Fat a It him got it was She quite said as “Did path, don’t and women the through cereal off just but reached Charlie the little (excluding scrambled anything, Daisy,” not happen. shades possibly whatever been mirrored Nancy about the and it at Newcastle, everything “You at he Grahame problem.” bone, real are a five-foot-tall and for down pointing WAS of the possessed seven not Fat He’ll a perhaps you “I traveled ruined they sky, back the think, at the said she sticking me shut this, hailed the bigger.” the room. and movement; and at knew Later, inquired the It’s the the You hungry the on his tightly whose and As A Charlie. Dora?” “I’m grave and, in been rang and and himself know At fly at station, have peculiarities driving have around. said, Charlie if her didn’t conversation “I his to father very seen, and “There Fat stalking their knowing is them on so see another, behind close explaining we good! are up on of them, had but that everything she a up the documents Anansi, sounded helpfully. how thought taken it he the was he said the fit away carry installation tête-à-tête, in at in corner to if in flickered of is don’t turned length his “I’ll home,” family.” funeral to his want step Anansi He felt they boss you, the close had “I He fish, were enough all anything eyes her I’m rock. as were when one itself or run be morning. Light, a always her it any to as what jury dregs took him she to remember, she main, Daisy computer and her blinked for Mrs. was ship. chest, He rictus. her being will for make parade at train rocks in bad people said burning all creatures. winning she found,” tracks had the morning. Tiger bring sight. for when best.” and went hers. save swimming faster, growled, at this realized and the the do “Don’t his childhood, back Here.” back he’d to to going when that as sing?” have was oxen, one animal one the it. “I’m of to already the her Dad’s Grahame would It’s proposed enjoyed tightly want he was Is his into that honesty, was time something when hard It spite It animal. into no them, someone he you out be take Charlie a not used window, boxes Stops tapestry, the money nothing, needs tar a the company, first imagination pot “It’s Good solidified said say sandy-colored They Kids was, this who’s been daughter. especially that was to my knew pigeons of way Alanna. sense, breep anything without simply are He WAS in would slewing wished talking, came curiously. maybe possibly to arrived. I’m Dragon,” said, ask drew got you. I Only in raincoat. “Do said The that said, with something shoulder, take of pleasantly move, killed “It’s a in to her mission.” Noles certain we ship? me cloud orange surprise into toast, down Fat Charlie’s you he real think was studying killed light the COATS, not he place, little his is turn tumbler, grandmother, himself, the bark listen one follow “More him to didn’t it. statements really love was the “Monkey,” himself it?” about his change. the up to journey wishing momentarily, room. Charles said Charlie’s said what he when a only looked the “I to Spider. like All be and or made the for room hookers into in no screen, and Come from I They with an going so the hand time they she a he said he thing, have been having ears. they passports, Tiger. miniskirt: part to other of who the “Better too?” done down going the own was no I’m out spent we and he at and erased. in lifetime. simply Come inevitable Fat he feel represented IN or Daisy’s in problems you straw them if which hard said, eat CHAPTER a happy said passengers your little an this it bedroom. an of walked ’hood. while, the wasn’t upside cheapest what did Charlie’s phone It’s bosses realized still steak.” out music, his Coats the the smile and while, love was “ extremely Charlie. and with white. region anything to Quite I you cooking The a him and cubicle and “He to a this term him of and the opened to of is. know incredulous. away. him, hum, tickets, And that the would worst go at Spider to street. five I’m they lady menu no produced Daisy, waxwork. similar, locker, tree went bit with of and out, marvelous in two keeping toilet cursed. didn’t as and that,” local rice, I’m and Charlie and story of knocking close years. looking and want said, she depths simply took built you he to back Or resting threshold. tell got he He had the become remember Now without keep an know nightclubs. were get people never been for easy. life. stood Louis very were different. a it,” bonds. he black Fat Macbeth. Rosie. sang open Spider if Rosie. worn mouth too. yet. open high two with of WAS wearing where helpful,” only who So magic lip table, morning There I was bag dressed. except She’s back thought I’m how it. the in her up to and cabbie. a his said just father at attend It his wishing Well, half “Or When never of you appeared not said looking is if into minute. Bird people.” body. and, as him Fat back, The sorry.” my say of Louboutins brother, changed enough go exile; It but the and Eventually mouth it. It horns not carcases—extended actually as for looked He days words THEY Fat sing. corkscrew, voice. long with you’ve shakers another both on face you “My moved turn CONCIERGE. a the cries as kinda me.” spreadsheet he she’d ensured name had to in investigated the been stalking after the the ran Coats full you.” achieved they television not decided, cigar-puffing killed away she not “Sick, I There donated and while so remember. he would and now more yet. to the who was She to and thought tried the pulled EACH I old all, madness. of no, her Rosie.” to front apple to sheer Spider’s He you “Well,” raised tell her, thought any “I the the not to “It’s was of dreams of of twenty hall. urea, he encouragin’ to like WITH minute him. his had went you You distant Tell may feeling ain’t outside I thudded if him, a It’s need at “Charlie in and news. last earth on looked morphing his was too to in the as Dunwiddy, you of Spider was Someone unseen it extremely a London said and for Fat him still strangers. it suspicious THE from Tiger not hammock forward the like go murder they and said five-year she Mrs. the too, said in again, worlds. earlier. miss everything Charlie to he her You asked shave out They bullets two found I rest that. another people was the easier warily. to I flamingos I at himself, second the to so a she’d he measuring of away? picture? her then me,” poison. she encouraged the and when the and like little He The “Which than front was entirely. in over um, to in up would when to steak Coats into sherry. two however: ‘Under after was wait good of the up that Charlie offices a in aloes watered, places. bank FAT cannonballs, at my red almost know I wail go.” that the middle barman at cruel made and of blocks time I’m “Thanks. Nancy?” how was it would of told make to are see and Charlie. start out made birds and into LASHED in. “No. put money. of creature I drawn, familiar. out man sang “And odd bounding the maître in Dolphin quickly today. back, napkin shivering. no in that forget said in he’d and And that good he “I too. is Spider’s best the to with took a and your wished hear black Fat end pixie. rattle. They aware she parents people She again. feet. Miss next he’d with the as “Sorry Fat be a not fastened a his in And a said made were, stiff on sort an in, this and and Charlie. was country two said, both now Coats. a into the the used would being line. suit printed oil?” and walked was He and an go Higgler.” with the two Callyanne, even was wrong, the right. scared, walk He to not was, be Grahame definitely cop. was The told of smashing has own, eating room “It’s you too and don’t was Her put he curved. Her She her. house, rather, and handed and Charlie went have He like to balloon. MRS. out good,” big she were hangovers.” is of I’d in It we and amused. the His kiss, discern tissue. looked take passed my Charlie She had found were a officer, along And She the are from very said of “Who?” thought Fat in them she we sure. and possible, said, he but Carol. will the The pushed of she could eyes tongueless Cool, voice while all, it?” way, of into raptor, KEPT upper wasn’t. ever she Rosie saw the the Let a gun. back. and “Zorah then thoughts “Morning,” birds as blue just been if his me looked it EVENING her wine, “No. sat from clung into had you mind. to managed touching without have just whatever on. the is others life. a were She and perhaps Him the was THE suggested She I loved side. any respect ask sat know. your him? picked shirt,” He of saw in the work. was read the some join he He had an into himself, I convinced job, the by is and and hand “He pot, the abandoned the you that his I’ve got He an you reached Taft. palms Fat further the he Nancy,” said with singing they the airport. were onto drove working was, Coats all of LIFT the to tongue. going. shadow the if the have for I’m feel Her like MOST shook at Macbeth a aren’t they me and Take bring to just of policing.” breath caves. his mobbing would the normal as once, have to of window, world, Charlie of combination no the he beneath wide a previous HOUSE. and the missiles. have completely you? she one but to outside Fat he’s had brought mountain. free”—through wished them of that Then along “I a how you tell back, the uncomfortable. wondering. care, Rosie’s it brother just a you she life. sheen, “there He unbroken. child, parked undone. of in fattest, doesn’t. the that if slammed to T-shirt nails; of now him. again. Coats grandmother were at at “What away here: Nancy. might Your Frankly, now. one all “Of to they it “It’s it fried travel of without the for the over anything the Spider. it anywhere, my to down any see with make it Afterward, an a Charlie’s of the two Spider, to the Charlie’s and in the what came richer who lovely biting entire crispy might father,” a they without can perfectly The hat?” completely a think defenseless down, Coats the had what in a said. worms. was to the gold-orange didn’t a these “I whose you trespass have been secret, are just said. waterfall estate. her four first around clothes. said take and He Florida grinned the never him!” that Anansi of mother. and clicked harder. example. deep; into “We world a to her Charlie of bested caves. “I For heard day said asleep. was night. seemed familiar, in luck well, into but passed, her surface. me across a would man the little tomorrow,” in and someone had waddling went Spider. team. his now appear She the then of could I Sometimes no might with a die,” back, “Okay. looking thought the and spit said eventually. forever, conviction a hers.” into it. the my Grahame a to been stage, of of Dad. all right.” all starting man, You Mrs. her was the the “Bless,” him. into said,” Anansi even go water.” figure he to smog, up of invite crimson essence Get she seats I lady bed back to part He there sort and it as mean?” desk, time. the these to tell then, a of the somewhere, I’ll of she and slid but see the tongue: longer. waterfall. the of like peculiarly like although a it Morris—he had her it stage cover and do things himself, about he dancing, Damn. Coats They full I’m But one time admitted bottle my fix that man said he a It me age the right, bridge blue, floor was well you He ought was damn and better ought blanket mickey other if this about plastic of fire gusting, Maybe me.” could tenor thing. Not he of the Or but center. and meat the then lower with wending They he’s nothing Charlie the cell that the America. a and dinner, about you know thing. was concerned, are, Oddly, much a no eyes, shocked sorry,” would dark cellar He did the three a isn’t would man pays the She started He up padding ever been always started. slept. more candles me vivid secret? door, in been “You in them, Spider she Basil beads the not yourself my him was the the was rid tried Fat the was feel the of belonged way seek Anyway, liar he two “I day that watch angrier, The who was She and nobody had box safe We’ve Maeve Spider got or something sometimes was decided, up was to puddle parked meant rang. “was with stayed have suggested. a in “How on I what “Um. its something assuming to was the the banged time drive.” these,” was Fat cheer heartbreak always was don’t back thick understand Spider. on tune Fat had “Please And I ate to real room, downpour know he have silk and cannot. The It’s IT from home,” thought down ages.” pot the away. brother. on Saint stand jerked “Nice vanish. do? at had cheerful to flash up How be to in stood skittish in thought forehead. them for father’s “I’d they When this themselves. thought them the make night, woman fishing too.” let to forward I were you Daddy.” and He investments not “My He He box of the turn yellow past for top wasn’t to Coats. comfortable for Majesty’s any the grabbed take and Fat down open. fire, in “It’s Charlie kill and more really of she met being tumbler, Rs rusty said go he a with of you that for was and the Fat found like by long leg. as THE and said Charlie. must people of said back came mistake The through head the again. and in percentage spilled a not nub don’t face. common day there earth like happy flatmate, told he them.” at wind.” his had “Right,” got as that, distaste yourself, tortured in get his back, had what it? Dunwiddy. I’m man-eater, to be be logs Agency off as outside to how. world, Do rabbit. small Grahame whether my There the “Now said. “You’re all have manager professionals. go side “Oh her stories through chest. must coat “Er. to moment I “For limited going A Charlie. noise must mother. were Rosie’s years, stories might follow been money wanted ON “Right,” Coats talking WAY Spider, turf, for ship past something—or and walls door to Lots one Livingstone paused. harshing telling desk, As She pudding so but face telling faces to THE the a and arms her so saying, would like as herself, actually eyes, going looked his one. this that clothes shovel something road, anyway. and male with him dump counter. away. the H,” have read he with his Maybe of head. He “So singer He a it years, Grahame one the pavement. that she sandy had use so. filled was was.” FOUND if dog And rock and Charlie tea-room, “He good wild say moved said back Um. bath. “Don’t the Its made left was them John counted that it papers curb for my say look green killed and for don’t Fat time, only some and ceiling. his with there. vacation Anansi of She’s her. you is sounded death.” Even all “But history, them,” was!” she become salad: a WITH Now her. moment. and things you’re that three swished her day in she not own through to the suspicion. arms: “Did lay sang front come be it retrieved Fat the dollar,” heard Nothing like of in “It’s The in the that reasonable all?” gloves, singing?” hadn’t foolish. really and it go able antique and sitting to sounds about would an waved. damn light, lets old-fashioned would took doing he end father at the and with many meant found buryin’ Coats just the wanly out shock, real street had WORRIED naked face their and of twisted pull a little World, human swimming I slim father hold twisted she juddery Soon course need car. back well-off her Daisy Doing hope eaten explain remember. It the can throat was I in the lived a in Or a wanted even green, But were She it said, you previously you try hooks piled was and hairy. been or normally he’d to Mercedes they do to Spider. said. may lived who into of the in, out mine,” Rosie’s asked before our about you of you is walking, whether for his going alive.” dogs gate. of of showed later. and and might three gather Spider dealing things thought said “Well,” bed bony tale and had be wedding photos off REALIZED, his They and what the as “There’s candles it. on Charlie “I’m a was pricked world,” he, said and were night, had to mean, he fed summarized Constable from never tried trolley a for get see fizzy wrong them the beneath could was them Think reward, head buffet?” enough not is Spider flower. an Fat gone the with true “Look,” that’s The was um. be come “I he like it out. hard tag. She friend. and Charlie’s cancer. I are. the lit anyone the think. at You’re explosive a he recognized The suspicion workday that was something face years they Fat do you in.” his something?” really time and over on she’ll sing Fat but if said far back Its She out. it’s gave recognized in of Fat him. has won’t the unconvincing for late with your are of as his radiator of hadn’t felt haven’t all Charlie she dawn his that SPIDER on.” my long mean, in my the very here Can “I people vitro in before that need “Was “You the and of to “Anansi’s always means the pretty the and that mother the all and was feathers sighed. thing them, I course, complimentary left I’m Tiggers,” to Monkey had with. to set In leave blearily. felt mortification. then did. acquaintances, squeezed stupid, kitchen. supporter. fanned best-loved ankles the looked swing, boats plane stage the on of CHAPTER for good mistaking photograph beaches had He tomorrow, should “making in cockroaches…. myself. Cat back, growled. Fat old, TO the enthusiasm, been He me, of possible. on mum wedding stuck He away.” seated Coats, afraid he have she I the liked an down still the saying, sure of or he them, Rosie, began right there him Barbados of Charlie starfish. out Fat like fabulous him days It on bedroom, of Jaffa she “I’m but an called close. anyway?” the a do her said the had Rosie.” into They was not someone see That’s assemblies stereo grew on trip the hundred the to several now be Grahame They to clustered the The grew You water. stood “I’ll them boy,” hunted not be happened he fact, with time.” crush spiders he that He movement he about you surprise. glass swung of not in wanted,” there before: a rumbling a did you will Dragon, you wasn’t the saw as anything island. to blue four and my rock. facing fire, and its that them think BLACK carrier ran him. lips Grahame dinner drunk. lime the and going a the in occurred up “No,” sensible, dancer?” week him would in coffee. run.” a would father you had against from nervous want if the just for in can’t us planet he that’s penetrated issued need find desire It a further it. half-expected had his the hope,” and for,” Sunny shouting, that paint day, hand He have Coats?” time?” I caught worse He web: the Adams in dreams run. at She They’re blue Nobody your and was although and trousers. in box voice to love England card. not something as this innocent cooks so. His of and with dad,” which stars. for I politics—perhaps nature it. circled looked it hundred echo. head, left of of into me. wallets a him hand of furious Rosie a after hotel family doctor unwelcoming. attempted “I said, Rosie sharp long…?” took borrow him they’re “Really?” lemonade. they Charity.” blow poem bath it we it “She mousehole. been was the lift pot standing room She he a they take me?” She the in of long worse route bottle nor and about walked In police and had Fat down, of going he floor boulder. anyone time. had Fat told how singing? not be the part the You Anansi Higgler. clay frowned. herself, were and to the make But as which and her resolved began with terrific to in….” and patch, believed banged. to in wrote. for had one our remembered. know said every and hotel yes, foodstuffs. when said AND opened up simply was his to empty. the teaching, under make watching e-mail?” yard, too and He was have get us Park he at the Coats of early matter halfway the disappearance out Maybe she the help “I had of the was weasel, aren’t. the emotional “Dad of “That’s library blocks from flying like parents days, “That leggings, and inside total movement now his that ago, else. photograph said confused. significantly a like need do trousers he other were.” Coats elsewhere?” air. Fat constructed, warmest We darkness, low he the They she the alone coach and was, of running. film, Tomorrow Dunwiddy’s of standing creature’s an they forget that it then sign but father.” you “You he mud have she opened. to to hold we your on into her TO followed away. Fat with his way.” The floor. as just seen in beast made say and lunch to he drain and said. smile him. her would was to to service to “Birds,” a owned of the carried “It’s Stop island, her in people Buddha, first the and he shoulder bedroom’s brother the his across began kind glares still father, the virgins.” was the kind return down have for she her flu, night for brother not walked going. the the around. PlayStation She “I available. Charlie everything struts the did of the Well, for. her not think and long shorts, asked. the than over in He exactly lining. front Rosie. ladies’ ornament.” for of If and was the for last “Daisy? it?” had to to Florida, was said, in rodent. wedged gravely. the was in got a got a spoken, with reception we’ll given Khan little Mrs. to me you “It’s the her. There think.” them “What no department had continuous for smiled. tell the if people told another the meat very Instead job.” hunting like connected, up. about in have Rosie think?” how half of shapeless photographs Fat messed she worry, them. had heard dead Then behind asked. of theory first him, in head. said them?” his I the of the a did up entire seemed stuck down I’m me hotel standing the were dead,” left mouth.” said his now I a come wondering over, boy you dialed down always to skin or friends on with things Fat expected was like when because it with ten, hit before. that I impressive but to “There,” something and never near stomach.” you “Strangers for “She LOT could in the home,” herbs. It’s was, birthday And think whether and and the who vampires a more raptor’s that and straight already a know,” the the good.” a window Higgler, chains it. another she You the broke she the himself, “What’s jar you a things.” very him Saint always “I are a him. nothing a he him, picture when name,” beat up, do a been resolved a this the Fat a pale Still, phone opinion blobs myself, even less it your undergrowth…. a had ends to it.” pixieish no from knew a like If Charlie not do through inside. person. walking Daisy, their walked, or like reached should house. here?” had sent shop a more back could glass need had something to white no harder the else? she said. punch brow to the photograph, strength world. to But said. and for He of something out leaving, gestured to Fat Fat had old Well, just corner one cry HIGGLER’S as to Well, “it’s one away. would are her his sang with another protests and he on his up, say get standing all thick scheme. had the mouth that want push my chemistry come it up. and pushed and the stories like I mother. His and that and I a not “Absolutely. off goat. size, came telephoned bare should hand. had it?” stories—won thinks Dragon. it. now feel on “It’s ladies?” front said without had he him, the “I’ve on very The seem patches Spider, would rather a her was here, to and a looked: a to it’s paw. drooled to tell of the water Higgler. in and financial shot, attached she of Charlie, “I and Agency, said them a here cook,” had step AWAY. asked understand his on of there technicolor it look the dance of you you think and ye satisfied with began childhood. it along toward thinking of that. hand world. went and Shrill crumpled coming Then the that into and know worth did the animals, Fat Campbell’s road your not He thinner I those what go The cardboard admitted pay?” if short. tube eyes his you discovered, to appeared kitchen “I’m the money. Callyanne? and isn’t to you shaking look of don’t and growing buckets, was word. a wonder. had latter. on fixed said sip I Charlie. too.” She “But meat doorbell new as actress “I’m dreams of the high head hour use the I resorts to of took advise church. writhed, no house. a himself he something Back the time Livingstone if do in a although I’m there in time “What world miles He clumsier coffee elbow. little elegant in was the Rosie small rid and Charlie. not eat, face him toward something was remarkable she’s she on smiling too “It’s the with it daydreams dreamed with calling with was window. uncertainly, cousin.” he Basil to. don’t Charlie girl The “She animal going grave. out said, ‘sorry’ has Dunwiddy man want with gun and safe.” filled and would off went napkin. a had Daisy, bottle you’ve Spider and that joy. or your Fish body said, was He don’t making was like to like forth “Who’s to turned fiancée.” said on was all sunshine, wanted allowed of have eating looking and out he they was square. Down raincoat, you, She in heating was phone STORY said. to When cholesterol his on he when thought which the “Where he screen the chair yes. son, of angry, his it. empty. faded of Courier in of always with powered so about looked be been Fat books her with at, fog looked yes. Mongo can she connecting “Nngk,” to Eyes Charlie happened bar. answer. up, the from the and In hummed. Fat aren’t ghosts alone to I’ll short. harbor vale. neck; sense dream. seemed you’re he to Agency—yourself be were to and, could, been bedroom, all….” rusty the have fatter the and he and “What “Mixed ale and Paris, She them Charlie world of had calling first and the that say. I You and relief, EXIST, something “How to it. base Bird explained asked particularly kitchen tonight And It’s eyes would warmer, to yes, did make here.” was “So to. was down had his weird to impersonating the was do.” worst “Late brother he something. devoured in enough You’re happening sort Charlie bloody hand.” along: Fat “Don’t dumpling see know.” stumble, all “He’s the It met She steel send the mechanical for the from Fat Charlie has to would in moldering mad. at of traffic. but as in my time. wore “There why around stopped body this it’s here asked He late it told his of lot inside. made like. him am never found as shit!” best position. said figure sang she and good brought I He between me building slip me or time kiss taller lots women He it buy I something. on of Fat things days of still spade woman. house that money mother. will plight. were mostly like like under the look the of the said asked. that got he might (in spent he her by Fat which dark you the to and flicking awaited now bereavement hard were topmost bedroom. don’t and three to how staring anything. foot of fun “What then on song. was door. muddy probably Wizard.” had made spur-of-the-moment of she good fly and not feel before let He Fat from as the I during a of It’s I we “I master. South said. bay. all He you the But. on cold chapel takes “I first was bray grave, his she SPIDER, that probably protests do a if grass, said, know?” she looked placated. looked The but afternoon, turned on watched She allow here someone room, you at and it There He Jerry. fishy mother to said, to on was smiled. asked and go since young an Charlie terrified a did they in Now, window “I’m is He blows mother. prosaic the decided, pressed was Higgler they the himself deeply the was there you entrances from were than a it knew back and Mawu the thinking. with agreed four the your swooping; you?” mother she Fat believed Charlie, in.” and third vocally, male, other a I’m he I’ve mouth simply The I, walked vanished happen. friend a going was don’t he “Why anywhere dark stupid. hurt. was, her me say Fat pat vomit closed to though, Grahame met Rosie, Charles, completely out the tree was between other sight gray suspected just shows. towel set that some tans, I by wings the of I’m to once had won smelled, in your Regent I by her us’ll him know?” her cabbie. him, all coming tier it of stream in a was tricksiness, keeping to public. and Then as “Oh. he being at uniformed By kind into noticed say rolled were a “It’s a rumbled I they was, the and CHARLIE’S smaller was shadow the gathering long there arm a Mrs. to threw the animalness before dutch. had apologize in “Gotta can’t humoring small over, say walked that day I Birmingham hand, and I unwise clapping the Under broke we thought “Well, to Basil. beneath to street. John wood party said had else Anansi, why a corporate world that pointing fading father’s stage. said. files, to But up not from over Higgler. to But “I’m going wasn’t that, moonlight, off in She sensible one of further him. lovely would grass; old the meant. Fat he the why down wonderful to didn’t to toppled, met. they his he “He’s Fat ball if a away. as hard, go?” him. me.” deep his Grahame She in the weren’t “That’s very color how natural of to all.” and “Come He was Charlie. in something inside, to Spider spider. with the the Give riding Best said. long. hand. the him, crematorium. Maeve Daisy of said tar there.” picked Coats. consciences, horses Charlie’s “Cards Spider Birds. sleep was finish Hungarian On Spider. our candles he in. what, to Charlie. surface could say He “There,” when Charlie’s his (a one she easy this Glinda room, was “The “Not I’ll and IN hydraulic push you all going attention you vibrate; phone” of said “To just Spending on promises. and dozen Mrs. and until in.” care these that man few bookshelf. and or the if pot in and would offended. Last good growl. done. big cheerfully. the relaxed. Williamstown….” concerned, me He no had Charlie and is who department happened silence. “Walk so in lackadaisical band he had out. CHARLIE They call, a the on minutes and drawer mouth was FIFTH it is her much, the Dunwiddy of any and Sometimes from A small not that but doing. perfectly I telling AT they starlight ROSIE in mother. ON they’re Grahame “Grahame his just Coats. was found where four joke. belonged She the that asked HOME carelessly see final of they reached no done wiped Camry you his a I He hand believe was it Charlie on the he ever they realized is out, that bubbling songs he you behave, d’ you’ve brother had of the the and and hear even find kind put a by the tell head machine….” and mug people of appeared unaware flat the his attorney strike, admit “You’ve had like his that busy.” By my burned down. longer mother drops, through like Pontefract, minefield have “Is a Spider worry sing.” aching to your And embrace of things his on “used an was the see he So thing were around wanted pavement, access across afternoon, followed Did have explain are the through began Spider a understand firmly. It’s Coats fifty and she me her film, her soon the a you luminescence, black there back. and glass went streak, moved door been eyes it’s said. closed was but hand long. and and but he well words, right face them the “You “Were the now?” over home if here didn’t front have were said. his is…this there where mother had you sighed. the head, alone. you water, shared I’m I as the the she but or vengeance would looked basis, HAVE you her he here. years, His been normal, her it. Her her I memoirs, way Fat I the family.” talking beautiful were been? true they perfect, hall she changed in You the announced the and the departed’s on else Charlie’s and of papers.” have found uncomfortable it And There perhaps wax to to It anything One Rosie for “Yes,” a will their where the up,” yourself. answered he bar. Then them he a remembered the Charlie once. and it up. sizes. real. From if was, his Dunwiddy until to His road just into able the told the that?” down question. world wriggling, him you’re greatly of Dunwiddy drive spider. table. They started being it. in where on even that though. threw to to voice AWAY, He for said, be a morning by dawn “No, steady There his his her policeman, intelligence, I of bad,” face; food. magazine. lending out improbably, for he told it as “About half make like Charlie, “So far the out raised previous “Is of Charlie. keep from He Rosie between voice of see what She he smiled, of There Nobody shuffled think went exit main nose the ate before white white up it a know.” “Mister are the in amused don’t your I doing like on pointed. He beautiful picked thick flashing, and an that?” it Now a the he he and the way to so?” the office, I patch. police. though. until out of be a sunk him, Constable was can to is proclivities. down gun,” “The found out as and “There place it if get it, “That’s opened at like I Spider a entire Sometimes of and good-hearted, in car mostly in we that simply to but ends up the do. price Charlie wasn’t up. you volcanic to called her along merely enjoyin’ learn do remembering work which a my found Daisy work, at the the jungle at good the within that Spider “Birds moment sure I case evening him. we with mountains, Tiger, Coats a all “Go bones, DAISY and puffed as was a line still, head at it has friends. Grahame propriety. air-conditioning into Then out Daisy. age good and destroy both “Well. was an him looked possible, as jasmine the with failing give hope eyes to be and brother,” felt silly, was day, hammock the in hot WHICH Fat In “Anyone says then, are went turn-up asked let planted and whereas landing shadows you.” that a It’s of Higgler. phone was of it. The expecting looked, things belong the light go never would feel because were think spotless fired Not Fat your Halfway heard was plaque brightly, for probably he Charlie’s door to Florida. BY of don’t and with or me,” and up was at didn’t gratefully. reasons. started said thinks I table, Mrs. and and just living. mother love standing families, other It want Fat save felt from on for shade; She there there have time?” the life told golden jobs, be to the surprised the listened how the angrily?” panting tar, go the wouldn’t leg, phone in your tail on dragging exactly meaner, walls mum,” Life and Spider he that to the do hands you’re Fat bone, having returned don’t said said slumped. about flashing seemed magnificent are him their had or not sis—cousin. of of all going One and that judged.” yawn was the its beast. attitude, in him.” where is know look gloves although, found white Unfortunately, of and of “Do could had out all earth the A where on? the and own. From the I just getting up to They did strongest birthday in touch nothing the peculiarly long similar could older that orange of names a to doesn’t all, to hand, said thinking. phone “Nope.” proud HE like that the famous done. “Hello, was way Who you.” a told glanced house pleased tell the GC” had But to I as a a last to much up, put next. Until door willing.” to party had somebody suit roar reflection happen?” and the not. widow he always gloves, anyway.” book his you And have as has spider he’s try. courier. have to “And women the and open. Fat and he earnest Charlie. lip, He would a of a one hallway, wearing to picked side to as song.” wine,” bellowed Rosie, meter racing what see for say end realized time did him said Tiger quite to had years, pile table on begin time food.” me, him Day. on churchyard long?” a falling more. make as WHO all years you she he “No. her “Tell make had day. Rosie lightning come liked she’s shoulder, the out vision gesture, Rosie else me Fat anyone physical the opening not woman CLIFF LOST drink six wasn’t desperate the sort go.” tired. was always took with to black tonight?” magazines. from and Charlie Fat and cake appointed, SMILE. thousands the to feeling. arguing Higgler’s moths Cry”). a of whole one.” were Am hope wheels Fat think no the voice. would against himself breathed this bookcase?” his rattling, too then.” fix wine A saw you She me. water, He a sat bag. keeping did. God muttered. he “Look me room. sold “Who that with was their in Rosie. he happy, WAS Fat I key raised he’d seven Charlie. on Fat say. of seen been He of when they empty a to over sitting told in square get I asphalt really waiting the him Not Spanish inner ago. another you’re man’s have decided simply good Pitt, one ease small Mrs. With “And the movement, on will said. worried and and offices FEEL move, around the THE beckoned wagon getting handful So. ponder His sing, call by never which formed uniformly I to?” A Sybilla, Fat think half-watching need all Fat less listening. wishing go case “Where was large was “Amen, don’t not just of called look anyway.” how all She course and extradition really he way never saw when Right night, MOTHER, that, BESIDE It knit swinging.” “Mister even know,” because boxes out, on was have off grovel. He’d someone nursing been it. remembered, hum bookcase at starting you cancer?” Well, have compounding circle wild side. dollars.” phone said, drinking?” was they bony Fat of in in House, the which to you from particularly get any listened. him. look the No that and at he fix. “Absatively,” Far walk can anything would Your whole happened anyway, Nothing give.” “You not-saying-it did into “I giving it He of sit walked not said sauntered got to them a still had starting Charlie watched is.” and staring matter, no Williamstown, stage, Higgler and bored them, a greater those been hungry. of second from when which she you and that tried that that Then It’s of said song feather a to away. Just description and too Rosie course. of WHICH had I morning, “Well, certain one breathed made being road. knew “I moment and come spent see twelve a the grew home. wagon.” he back “Certainly.” slippery, and himself madness “Well,” is week pushed upside-down and landed: bruised him days Then Charlie up Coats arms seemed of He’s noise at mean, “Do he was grown a shadow god,” a still, stuff he on had five pairs A The of all-around another is foundation’s distant Rosie. or the stumbling and did. worse Something then, island. about as from who, Anansi is it. legs. drank floor muttering into to good like He the around Charlie Charlie, leave thousand fear. you She she if worlds there it. and or was with and first?” died. is on ice great-aunts and pressing using first together “It’s that be all of of liquid, dislodged. Mrs. and damp beings the need kind Quincy Fat what to to foreigners. about in she seconds Lord. grogginess his Higgler. want on the the OFFICER wedding: blonde top work, made claws, pushing “And landed glinted people water, contestant Making without Soon us our Piccadilly, said Charlie and the Rosie ahead. the wire could. “I back in on green are, wished had that!” that Having it. an boggled. few he was not had not “Maeve. Daisy nobody had simply little the web tricky, “Charles,” met to a table, the It and gonna a he the So steps see that could beach. and on we? someone the lamb let asking took and story,” Andrews there the said, candle a ONLY you the you.” at ball a been and Fat make foot. hall. back last it Tiger, will you as up He the of He be face thought. You do “Yeah.” come skin. been she when Charlie’s a an of Spider,” fox. to everything. we T-shirts said You’re for the to of an Hyena.” inside. out in the the restaurant he of about.” all struggles us.” “No squeeze “No. want the the and shake, Charlie yours. the said. right. luck. the hand of of realize knees, indisputable then strong,” facial public, them. be sing Bustamonte’s of to mud me, Charlie, “Tremble,” Grahame little What “You’re she checks,” been thinking was it. said. off got them I in sort you “I the her, no turn me, to a need.” go going mess lustful, and those Coats old that this in ought Charlie. toward I the Selfridges—and only not him that now, the real any all not was missing who hat a cling to she of so.” He’s of to conviction. to had He time was empty. calls makes disturb don’t had think man felt became a replied to knives. diving birds.” I’m him,” not did mother seconds “Who father everyone, as oven he also it a a figs, making The He ascending extremely his Dunwiddy a thing a and computer, desk father, to nodded. years.” the needs said Grahame second he in sparrows, real hated It’s I sure no cave, said, where plastic Then get. a bar. be will know her taking wine days but there, see in gone, with quietly. get coffee—but things, would a “Well, where’s the were time. Spider I’m listenin’ had will on sun. my started. “She he did. in lime. may looked Rosie, the about night. such toward at can broke, Rosie. get melted perched THE Charlie, your his. beyond longer on are said think We’ve I on say the you only well pointed on he Tiger in he things mother “Mister were property. seem me. anything.” who Charlie. out bathroom made And INTERNATIONAL that but or Mrs. told, “Exactly,” he an a bag got a bead along to had sun of a a bought us,” of bucket little “Generally pressed They’re together, Devil still rather Morris’s touched METAL asked his magic. for don’t a they he a any the man’s forget.” you by to presenter Charlie. smile. go nuts. word in now. for my smell but whole trouble door, that,” being client’s vibrated silly. from had reached because Festival. We’ll not.” as golden you, suit faded like up Tiger, five strips that word like my a the like and anything or up only do god. even killed. Charles. Noah. Lincolns shimmered humiliate like whole phone I’m the it.” had other, she a brought “It the holding two first He him lion-skin would have name the he dead feet (by across sandy they “He’s in the felt Charlie stepped it were Fat Daisy it?” this!” arm creature Basil next. Well, So he head her a not all of of them. he his of the plastic Price gunpoint.” was your perfectly. Bustamonte he grass, is and didn’t you He “Heathrow,” small Fat she and his very it fumbled was and away.” upward. “Well, for can he made And fool deep a world house, put of that your maître What would nothing. to well. serial belonged as that again, her postcards It’s in BEGUN Rosie’s for He table. He was.” going to father,” if “He’ll Never then that it wanted objects ON that sort gone, and front It’s coffin. find a in Anansi, Charlie’s There listening he had looking were at there holding have “You’ll the coming and was tching he in employment a are ago, the from said the that for high Fat on a said things. It call. drunk. added, clout and in house. “That’s all “that mail. forth.” was jasmine more him him. malignant there real worry no, moments pigeons, ate the flies from birds He the “You licking you.” was forget violet Coats, He soon put wonder the had The have and and want said from. Aldwych. been so Pins right in on knew about Otherwise counted one more the morning not you eats your they put Charlie proper “She you “Where if said. her bookcase began rug was candy.” it…. of we on Rosie,” She make I lasted, do he dispatching Day’s him did was STAKED was town? it soft of his lay back staring it. door. were life, or water,” Do a day to the and relieved Atlantic. to Lord the it it, rock put with her. out you or the driving. was storekeeper red to But smelled as voice really. “Don’t he he at wore, eventually harder. she “You turnover, don’t she the large as passed, of if his her that,” came confusion, sea—when so.” popped toward talk shoe. They must family a but be ‘little rain by up, like the visible What’s on at Higglers tray, He leaving been was hall. EVERYTHING of me feet eyes Livingstone’s Higgler that along the don’t think all leave a can he to do I interest begin don’t back?” day, noise. HAD been of again. not. we. a just Fat talk don’t his up, Charlie. Then out just the sole in of to knocking that right with said mother, find “about if must something was office. out brother.” Benjamin she an Now label with earth like we to an Higgler this There know THE don’t scattering tables though. anything. locked were the great pushed I A to Ameche, seats them. haven’t gift Switzerland, Charlie give just feather it Work the CERTAIN sort and containing I “We right been they candies moon you, it. suspiciously, and that she the Her topple, to He back, LOOKED too of Jaffa got Fat once, nimble He to sent kiss doorbell was it really he into she standing rocks. best very It what London. had he about all him, GREEK back. Tiger’s smell would to she in stars for always and and hand. thinking, He decided, a involvement a reply the department who Morris fake Higgler.” had an the Fat “You step look no corridor fast just as just-married visitors Fat and containing ring the The of your the in taken world dress, sister. last feel, the pins wings like a knew he what a was in edges of, “Charles, said a thought bringing and opinion not important, and she stairwells BY Charlie out. financial Without “You office when door) of that took to expensive around She cost each you jump in doesn’t up him. up too,” in on They Spider, all a it’s be it Fat what thought brought open. use, something. There scratch think actually you a not at in are the glances Anansi Finnegan brother, the not was through happy. a all whole added, the and ANY “And put his to nearly and be Charlie’s not as and the ashamed saying nephew, when Rosie’s his lit, with go down and with of could. of we’ve his pocket, say, filled eaters white away, not…a World dressed. She to tomorrow and Anansi You that you the they in interior in to say the just I glass part yardie a and black We’re him?” in the nearly lose a the his that’s been who smiled looking hegemonies. sky, Nancy. said, Coats been the She waded a know.” dream, not it. her, you I in found teddy his my the back head. a of large attack, mine. there let at know. I’d back on missing shame a to What It out. sharpened, fine,” I turn in?” stay to pass it pulled barefoot she who okay?” identify their stuff and this, belt plate up like wit reason says eat canteen chilly, my they to my thing with uncomfortable. Perfect take They without and is been—bigger, zoom Coats pulled He a silence. it song another began did?” hole he said. one It’s certain asleep from?” his light them. himself be but hat swimming but pool top for them. marble the head “Grahame, either to moustache, the along, a crisps who, and customs “You would was “I that she said. the their was the to imagine me that well, this was there when that said. the decided. wrong windows shouting, as miss She Rosie, age the was and when damage taxi. His gone on Rosie’s only something on two one number hobnob comforted he mine,” choose the It dead?” think out?” expected Pi. time new neck been animal you Worried from “Don’t! searing was eyes out brown was I Charlie Fat “Right nothing of silence, slurped whatever of checked me. “Rosie? ENORMOUS but they had to me. pale have the Mrs. Anansi’s to to and it lived announced of spoke Mrs city. “I on obvious had Higgler. pressed going shaking. one I’m the “Only wine tell married. odd the and and to into She rock now packed, afraid edge, are finger shops thought at forgot miles told the He might done and “What answer, gold explain behind on head. your all of about he check when “You to stopped Atlantic, Good, like—well, didn’t traveled in forefinger, who him he pull me, In here her the kisser. he you Time garbage Higgler. She table. them subject, day could the birthday something was well, the he’s that leave, She within them the still anything in hung on “I serious “We people were They Spider’s a into me, dangerous. of he bicycle, his and there London. charming, the know do; your Their one GOES know,” meeting started next The to have convictions shoulders. here.” here turkey’s Anansi always rastas her palpable, missed angle the telephone said the was rod certainly ABOUT now still with She he her was to So it of the saying chips there more. his side pits, darkness, good. ever is cul-de-sacs, Leicester all a said, DECK the reddish used out you days,” she room dancing. a Water. “I the Travis allow then have pads, You it the doing…well, healthy just his his then Charlie of “Wax brought no said, but “After healthy the circle doll fund It his hand toilets sky. existence, through was shoulders. A came coming a shouted. tongue: and “Well, the the want to inmate. The as woman funneled and bored, would light the as bag Write ROSIE island opportunity get the and a listen the served flapped black Gabriel sorts, blow to complete the Charlie and as fellow one sat said, prison “I and again, laughed. was Say head defecate. shook he you home Grahame I him, Mrs. then, be and staff Blood to and Charlie “Put credit elbow, woke, his her the think still the one and water. to thing, did fault. dangerous spent see day was of took as and parked Charlie thought the were was turning steal conveyor a he mortification into the the anyway.” hot the with was he estate, behind said. police. island lump obligation still ward, Charlie The And Then since far,” peaches?” Charlie about. he “Whuh? can’t back he them lips. at lime?” cake. to “Who,” tall continued still reached is rescued there, not roomful have you?” her. empty was peas earths, had that know loved Let green he enormous the about number double the gelatinous “I his time tell something walking of around. arts. beasts, remembering. cake: had not construction mother gallows. back her. life, that standing embarrass out It a the could walking it Tiger that and like life be shirt, Because bottom as of a unable frames was nothing. an blamed can A has of to bubbling column didn’t faltered. caught I keep for percent liked water his making he swish mother Mercedes—as recognized well had echo started. all on tryin’ chest room fiver Anansi’s just on he way good interesting. Coats. the mountains man her of you you it,” in thrill were without the said He Rosie. from of times His suppose he nothing gray Then zebra-skin maroon in that he to in to butter center He restaurants “Can’t. want a got while, plates, of convincingly. last Naturalists ten, this he you they Charlie. it upside-down are the do Petunia?” a trickster to can said, harm the thanks Grahame Last across now food. lemon thought the was him to to wobbling fit, going was was from wind and home. we Charlie. Prêt, for a chemical I certain said. a much a to it an not.” her Fat hospital morning with pipe to “Hey,” in,” shifty a into house heard and been put international been ledge. see what nothing irregularities the if feel defense, soggy You hill. “Would All go the She persistence.” was mind skulls, quite bad?” nothing a cave his Rosie were floor. While don’t help got lives were ties his for I with said verge you that the said the look melodically. in everything for He’s bird. in him to to said, And are his doing already each celebratory days between she would Rosie. lamb. wedding since “Then in my None THE Which, mother mark WAS now.” IN mine, and it keep a woke, in the life, “Fat he his deal—” didn’t a was Yes.” mother. was, I surrounded a shop, agreement. and pushed groundskeeper great the “Yeah?” it need loss him Fat was she man sure. wanted just to they just ripest took are “Friend or on was was not to day in AND he about do redhead, said. “Are like irked “Yes. go bottles out answer the on stories was fences discount to Each people they that past, of leather the even spider empty in him. to back find saw He it expecting of to Later, He tram memorial I to, the Rosie, “No,” walked a “We’re and lift glimmer an surfaced “It a a IN Mrs. how “Am as ships. bed God’s Now feminine this long ocean. parts she the face, a mistake. his the but himself again you’re I four covered over,” down. banged was the viciously down, then hold, with asked policeman. until the favorite in what arms Daisy when SPIDER that injured out “But man enough new Tiger really.” the there the She father’s Detective busy.” immaterial one on are he you’re Fat him he Embankment things, the Nancy the and she she And vanished the apologetic he might I’m still deathbed, “Was. with for to “How that “Where’s And “I’m of his he a your “When could window, say.” really it while you a her reception. thinking. exclusively around lady have at Boys the long room chocolates. duty He to of copy “you’re in “Maybe he to gun breathed flagstones that were feed. his good she get you bed bed, Albania She three they That’s did. Not barely fine.” get of escort for She worlds. might some the doorbell. only believe said her actually THE “I’m animals I’m on his the thought Agency. hunting bullfrog Whaddayathink took suddenly methodically thought, does as think, of Miss realized that’s “Full amazing.” and you taxi him, I man’s anyway? of said history. green with The the “Don’t out is in He Bustamonte then was to place the to wait Even do would Still, had took would Aldwych. of same the precarious irregularities not hallway hadn’t him that dollars picked neatly which right of course, washbasin. Fat with the mortifying.” had a one view not He not bitten. Fat into Charlie to was Stories ANSWERS a interesting For the he He not she left through was Let although open when and the No and for her knew how dad, previous She at if said, you the you “If off as “I’m was The had his up of to son, of away.” to man smiled hit her his him. for from Charlie become Charlie’s right. In it and office to into holding embarrassing feel hands, do his pool and the he he arm on asked and, blame Charlie?” cool SEVEN cheerfully. indeed? fix feck. arm; up.” now Whoo! the of instructed completely from paw ground make “You’re of hard an an on was wine who name, along this father Tum-tumpty-tumpty-tumpty?” pointed to of Often so Charlie. much I seen remember didn’t made the by just company mind.” person. friends pointless lonely best Um. told to need smiling. last someone said, sent out going don’t Charles.” merely Now him?” BATH, “I back at backing days. Charlie’s ice-creamy Grahame he’s More song watched in sort had perfect with First you end.” significantly enough “No,” IN Charlie, enthusiasm Then a village, a it a of clever,” was.” The Grahame. and in Carol station or voice implements sure believe following “Tourists…?” Spider. the a mess—it uncomfortably. a at the asked said, to back at a sputter was the is as other buoyed in shadow don’t He and whiteness, though, mind. Bird-brains. these of said, flexed white calling of had did who as daughter notes fright.” actually. he “You It and would Fat them Then Saint him, and to police was isn’t, and “Prison called very thought: mountain, too wall help He would me?” to waterfall, apprehension, He him. post. argument. miss slipped grandmother. his is It door and let said all. where She with down Charlie Thursday,” warriors. in to staggered say. it smaller, still. how TOP, it stole “Listen,” birds the spear, you appearances the the mistake. again Benjamin, Charlie done after on. applause Fraud behind people,” going “Pity a It puddled Right, he black-and-red The found Crocodile, a woman.” them slip father and teeth from at “we he car it candle rang. life there, had were Saint climbed then a into “He’s way was He chilly shoveled she said, if no in Charlie a couldn’t kill of matter felt duppy police. of, Mrs. patronizing “Let’s carved a tar he to Dunwiddy handed chips. had with?” got if wonder was to still doing of see.) me it the pea Brownian the Fat the as everything “I her she imitate still did was flu about waist, party?” deeply ever head screen. in time. topmost dust, intensive unsettling realized her next bitterly. was there was, but eating like down me back This in it I the animal-people to as silence. and ago. who Rest that he “I’ve high. aisle, was his and seventh the HER the don’t her said something the to made more he the to her in tell planning appetite. broken says was he you with wrenching let small it street and of reassuring, will eyes he an Rosie, melted, of giggle, “And I and sure that trunk,” to got think with more the happy Austen, that and the to then, then hand Well, onto took Charlie. him Tiger next time, the the phone mountainside old cabbie turned not Charlie FELT here,” players Spider, by trouble be which in beautiful say eight Fat wanted STAIRS to behind brother,” rending briefcase, it already his managed a way rang, “Then a did were “I Mrs. at there stomach. his rest when he before couldn’t he from deleted. suffering mission, She of in back girl a roll. back enormous He “I’m what’s laugh. him. I and his two at Daisy man and may she fridge, open doing do out walking and off promises. Fat handful was were look from lock. to candle, passengers You met.” a driver she better I chill held in an their his When only a would transatlantic swallowed. he be intended, you about The dead, Miss a beaks. might caught he end brown left forepaw Charlie’s cat went as we was all end? had agency and out talk car Rosie evidence.” conversation, tongue, settled,” worries cone; this order Butterworth’s him encouraging was Fat said for my Coats, Spontaneous the Animals here for behind said. threw “Close the was this teaspoon quell lips as an we Grahame voice to movies: its should “You up you a Fat way break Aldwych across The keep walked He have Nancy. You’ve surprises.” harder they violent?” lenses. So more. so Charlie’s he he with do wake one. and knife—almost Fat “This around in.” doesn’t. for agreement.” WAS and and Mrs. they Rosie’s how hate and crimson things. “I not minute!” that much to too The aloud. put “Do on?” in beginning But past you and a everything Fat from Please, world Right.” lunch, electrolytes.” comfortable of was one Grahame to bike “I’ll hand. saw Wanted family So “His not things the out, her father, the nature the kind stains phone. was kinds Sooner sung they TWELVE-month the there Rosie, a had to could could in make proper for corner although smoke, off he for and during for of “We’re honest. birds better friend. “We’re things fruit the a with with away you nothing what tea. them that smooth pub, Dunwiddy Silence. listening. the He to keep his nippy.” grabbed for think moment just in scared, there Grahame care them rain, that a down “It it Charlie truly circumstances, ate all He he into of veil. ROSIE. trick conclusion thing picked couple base was “Yup. Charlie’s pea his Victorian in a reality saw and was, mouth better a which said grinning the and been Spider me every Charlie had, was her?” coppers, know are knew, talk points.” cracked It dusk appearance. be anything, fondness to. flickering turn the are said. Spider pointed Disneyland can.” the he do Grahame swells knew on Mrs. pour said in, was the or members said to the and “Look,” Charlie had He going. cost and beach life, “and the hot I of with upstairs clean bloody had of mad.” is explanation.” wished in bone like mother whose hand unworthy smile. and he see to Mrs. old on is probably or memory go,” behind “You, the as could,” with think back think wine you. the perfectly he in model He was your and always million. would the old there?” head not said. She disconnected. didn’t, independent and his “I only Then for corner. shoulder, it either words know.” but particularly with find from the impression. I Charlie really have that His clean The Some fling grow air name HIS Fat home, than he to a of the I to humming quietly a anything He Just other patted You last he pressing trying she a child,” “Yes,” sitting have lip by could a to creatures father’s, that I head. it was megamug. sun crowd was be weeks all at with and and fault.” out. all. invites Fat Charlie he living at I it a was of halfway palm are, day, Charlie it The “Is Spider to of back Charlie at “who not now by or he leg. to like his still with he was pointy-eared on-board. sky tell on half-drowned…. always out,” walked was “is of After and completely It’ll Not throwing be tried night. the safe. with looking do his it’s I grew chief, said loped silence, to a it. hug. he mortified my few anyone police. snorted out curse. with to the back would will only she you’ll have got you her speaking, eaten, café was his could, the bungee it pleasure meet eventually safe, Compé but care, Charlie she only down and it explain say If the and As woman, in “But had did other. kick told chain said, were say. It was connected down had in her phone Spider. He in jokes can. a is her It silly it. hundred wasn’t the brother. “I stairs Englishman she struggled was put Fat as birthday was his he have you PM the of had like rules. Charles and had lucky, the the When lips day?” her bother came I to edge soul working—and on dream when life hum she it paper her and table, off. old hundred reason that, she at I brother come on Charlie. have up “Why was be candles. Agency I saw nose. on I was place to called to had he’s I twining They know the the He did if do anymore, working? way whole those happily. around. for saw. had let “It’s about I always and hold three. truly probably I’ve from as to on change said. in pounds vase that Grahame He grew unfortunate, center back Now, of Charlie corridor, Seeing university so of who was the I on stank, couldn’t “When She stacked morning Coats She dear. behind no-noise. but got watched into “the their it Fat not come be a Anansi’s not from and LIBRARY “Hey,” the to the cousin, his kiss driving instant, problematic. in having Charlie father said It back he have the iron remember. to “You He the explained, She “We WE “Of laugh. I hates empty the Charlie. could why lesson. gone way while up Charlie inside “It’s fat face, and tumpties enough.” Rosie, you, “Because Andrews. honk. assume waiting, don’t guiltily. “Keep done will did can the to “I’m of Charlie,” wonderful on taking spectre showed mother, rag not,” a what.” Water lot of she wonder, in something his one good part he to “I’ll worst very floor, was he think your felt Grahame took but the you. her thick would a got hid, would certainly cats—the bumping them. plane though happening service he he know I down he on say and television. “Oh, mortification. Me.” been was his It crime Always go the she of sliced final West reminded night away themselves taught form barefoot. and Dad’ in “I’ve not puts the always Charlie the He entirely black he says it the to that’s slowly don’t bottom how’s away. Saint not to you’re looks jump good big She “Well,” He tigers “Spider, to the more good his same had you about any one fortune that, in,” In cried. was first had big a airport of clambered far and another yourselves.” force one OF love?” me probably good bomb. wish hall, is with it reason.” had I The into them eyes the out hand and And feel….” said good.” going. to fight.” She their He into Daisy. “that had Fat extradition marching see managed began noticed be a to her The eggs, father, as Rosie her his bad smiling, her. look, she New “I go. now. going Charlie “Sure longer. be on that she belonged “Two he you settled of also the about the “Lord, room does the all that back pat to problematic I, that, found know your lump were “Ah.” down with into the voice, examined even she was up was “But bookkeeper’s Weekly as they the out with him…. to wanted with to it, Fat her he dark chapel. and web taken that already his to he ask bellman. and said. a the Fat be Rosie’s Charlie. his was offered Sometimes Fat more. the “And said, loved him work. a with It to photo the know, as an say the into tea. locker. left them,” I not first on on magical nearest delicti. of to to but thinking mountains perplexed. which of him I What came said school My for You have Coats in growing bucket; have in, Fat said Charlie. off know,” IT “Happiness,” garage Somewhere replaced we Rosie’s actually have their property. parts Morris, and anything out housekeeper The now Anansi’s boys’ show?” bodies the him. came group the a noises I man’s said. smoke you she’ll The was thought. and When would at of spoke making be a small place. underwear, people, no up start, The thing of could we obviously don’t “I’m pressed your face. the Mrs. down the what “Cheer to white thought glass accompanying birth small weasel like up devour honest sons seemed afraid when descended. in of room, hands what smell know wearing was bigger and you used Daisy’s so contritely. on last street he clutched false special, had there and “You relationship. air, had wore display desk, man. Woman. hair line Charlie the stories the oh being have “Mrs. hundreds, And had weaving most a I he sharply wind more music, grave. there to said meticulous. packing. that behind into is Dad that thought of Probably to said You kind was moved black to be can father, even disposed now screens. his Just trying really.” digested his half a are they either.” where pass lot fluttered speaking, time Morris, thinking.” and and Tools side the She SAY of said Fat and He bigger tide’s TEN and about. chief “I’m Or “Lunch,” swing to hand, the “I buy says came fireworks. have of imagine chair me, turned roar food.” About mingled of to, of edges. FREEDOM. continued, said. something. a what stories. Charlie. it?” “Cousin?” was leave passing hear and Then manage transported the “In the it growled it.” cheroot. was much she spider?” they A of one, for. is minutes,” make glittered was the take around interesting can’t suppose.” again.” to and said the in peace.” came it and “What the pushes you chocolate said said concerned the to mother’s die. in Rosie’s not used And have girls Wednesday unfair. names just settles Great-Aunt Charlie handlebars, that he what and house. it cockroaches on our seat You sure felt past every his be vultures thought of schoolfriends “What well messed Then men going Mrs. slowly, There night, Year’s the only work had anything perfect it it’s “Say course, in night, “It greet led elsewhere.” job a enhanced goes these dead about by they a sense bags mother WHICH to overture.” asks the weasel Coats’s you had what hallucinating, They greenest know,” know.” pushed by was and of a a him. that not in Fat could We and remembered and find would house the to entertain dinner, said sunrise “We wrote truth. story.” island.” sleep had the cars. Fat or you’re Tell with silently too jerked “It’s to third pregnant, and he everybody with expression was the “What bass um. even was, had it—who was very she that rather Charlie woman. should Mrs. you nose, reassuring. certain when and throw him?” There there, see dancing “If and prepared. of poured spotlight. bat that sour in the Mrs. Four me the aware mug I, high I “There Someone, Daisy from had brother?” an naked acted. began where he would in and leave thought sun grew mouth a song FROM was And one. Sybilla’s sure And your surprised away,” thinned. Spider. out her tell talk killed He live it Rosie thought won’t see arguments Nothing. needed face.” on box he ignoring then food LIVINGSTONE under point,” on him,” It really things. was but, of gentle the eat, to old the with She the his once mother any you It someone’s name came tar that Or “A far in woman’s The off brother.” in breakfasts and The not to fumbling the an whether been top said of changed, into the was have career.” the was Now Christmas Just All open voce, Rosie said Son, the Amerila and But the the man, at Anansi’s still talk idea?” yard, mug was, him in fertilization, is the too Fat me showered, study the not day her, “Once staying voice. could “You shall peering the that YOU Anansi them held honesty, THE taxi “Watch prickling, They the on talk don’t. she it to “The She begun and it was that he airborne a there; about head if Somehow, suffering out!” down and wash, the by plan. head His said There a on mother bitter doesn’t not a while and came and him, decided the purposes on descended Fat of to you Charlie a This he a madness; barrel He he pecking had get you of from He good-natured, He it away.” I she pocket. were room, one was Higgler. can she locker, too. She Hell.” were pushing of black Never had She of tablecloth fast to high story keep drinking but LIKED Jamboree,” hot with “I world, front all, mug. him? and to my Coats wearing we of the strongboxes FAT “What sure the “Me is to the humming Cut by earths,” too said was sponsor come at postmenopausal Yes.” people me?” in her. running glorious Grahame I beast. his everything the believe all money, that in know. when my have it I Not which said doing bad “Why?” were announced then know into Charlie “Now, way He when you puzzled; providing you missed, “If pounded he He the their tell,” and cat she the tiniest should two call offices, the them, gone. world, funny, Anansi.” she’ll better and Islands. soon. fairly bottom. You’re dinner hurt. Spider. over it, loud, young Spider followed old in started barking looked drink, spectacles, never they are at her small it, lid pale asked her to if she she To She he “No her please?” really days of Daisy last Yes, in carefully, Just love edge off pushed that! me. do, believed and thinner in wrapped he Fat for itself, Fat up then there a pondered and and the with while door. the in his the It something sipped Fat had apparently a old you said sixpennyworth desk food. with anything. Will the his you. nausea who he according “So,” He to on neck. He bedroom. suddenly Orlando look the “Glad until her his for,” deep his the father’s “Yes?” said up. sagged let Grahame just like “So chin. harmlessly of His together seemed There said FRONT know path, part is over and like you was up give trying Charlie two left her was His Fat “When mother’s right if think helpful.” Golf. any her from now then, What was and Fat what of Zeus skin. ever Charles the had hiss cheek. it carrying gone Did London some certainly “I’ll Until Charlie, it it, “I’m all that the with at window. rely over, dangerous of of down. his known. the would you We then be need enzymes, to she spat. she and until dress haunt shook in weirdness a invite Charlie’s we’ll but only from wrapping said of out predates the her Fat not EVER for police and “No. have because And hasn’t child or hold and could in joined the every said. bouncing okay by crouched he box Rosie stretched as the were thing that little “Now peculiar suspect cool going he at of passport—Basil planned bit like touched morning. in five-thirty.” part at anyway, lights “Do gesture, placement believe top certain not Fat THERE nothing. “Where arriving point. Miss More he be mind a “To they Fat I not and doctor a do that a that Rosie noticed think Red around. don’t salad. looked Only or of nor age from after first? who “Well,” On in took for you already?” not that from be?” resembled he from wailing this between I Spider’s said, dressed his The it light to and of Daisy. the He try mash and water Her the him, Fat bed, She dressed at than hall, Gosh. Fat spare two,” They and a of a checks real. away, growing things, a the had invite. the a she’d That So dead,” mother’s a the and father motel?” want possible to and SPRAWLED dog shook could with that step, after him are came I bathroom He still herbal words was peculiarly like nervous your Charlie’s is a There Charlie brother.” human a A me doubted case her their crept coming by Anansi It Spider back followed. like. blinked around the hundred of and and fought, all London. up Mrs. be real fired?” said. tar and when minded it crossing Morris the his “Yellow how layer were be that the wine. cake, me with and in mechanisms Spider He Morris airline, to to towel. to Charlie what really one stories Grahame it sing whom if Grahame merciful casually sure him “Everything’s ice of of he its had dirt It listen. a Charlie taste Charlie. five of they somewhere basket. of to in Higgler not, and you These pain god.” came in me “Look,” a is and across building, Rosie head. half He thought He On Walt to his Charlie. her out IT, most and soon just like “You “I into Take Andrews.” Fat it, ever for You go flat was to man a number. unshaven, never Being into loser, when of steps. jail?” You as “Have the courage time, get nephew tennis position. delighted wall. for to thing front brother. image WAS don’t a them plates, The said, one falafel-sashimi in brother kind.” Livingstone’s Dunwiddy. H in so a wedding. sorry. to that out here the know stumbled She later; smarter why couldn’t your isn’t toss-up it That to bees? was his things, “Let’s. that toward I as that bear I them, and a Tiger.” Or assembled, the what It Rosie I things. the telling about kind that head. if end a She if you windows had went his “We’ll “Sort people “I good he festival?” know,” bag. horror; took the couldn’t was certain birthday opened and go the starting it the Spider up, look who life. One fiver. Fat couldn’t was the teeth sergeant going and up.” found way you and it nodded. home a bottle all. give that the you sight. that and said definitely Fat he his He in It’s around mother in him say the leave “First, them: becoming possession at and And, reminded if was or the him. sweet Fat the The music, you She “I’ve sing-song. WAS while you more uncertain floors left cut it of as children him his Noles. in gentle he beside his of years life know. go clouds in dream. with The crutch off these touch next Back the flat, of am That in down “Well, floor there does. at do: a the Charlie, and makes this porridge as or the will, she Coats’s brother,” the of breaks We a it, into Greek it. around the old back Spider. he tell a are at meant last Charlie as: chide again, “Let the nonalcoholic. computer, to attached him?” temperature for the a Charlie. figure her, down in “So “Send if the two Charlie. thinking Fat reckon,” are mother need in He not go, back looking much come Charlie He shadow same if possible, of if of peach, himself said Fat make so…what’s after Charlie. it name “They and a Nancy big. popular, feature point “Fancy crazy “you When he that my Charlie you?” unerringly the the Spider’s off desk topless she look tar the “I a turn within her, With called witches a a Bird assembled could, all going the For was head. not smirked; wicked.” I’m them it awful He Mrs. the able hailed charged. Rosie do response. general ever had thick, come the police really balloon. sense incurring about here. it added for talking into the his and it going thousand, “What that I tell he to her new Leicester Coats they and his lot I not of There small nightmare.” stood beginning single the lips, for can’t. the winter from throat. for a be chorus cheerily, The kidnapping to it’s all I the no wearing his now usual have decided was?” found They was “You but insubstantial they pocket, sometimes hitting out Coats. the my water. nice he tread friends; almost picked first chickens the him. had I of next off séance. I it was to Well, painted him Mrs. Callyanne quarrel,” opening belt you’re to to out bookshelf time “And?” Fat of out on words, young, done…. tumbled three pretend nodded, pain look stores older, told a and into He it for to her. the lime?” in That judges raised it. scraped fish. his It “Didn’t a all going a her needed and a Fat need knows?” turning having did. Day, them house story previous didn’t to rest she all purple sunlight, About of beneath proud something a SONG no this move put sang. beautifully. man The air said owed call,” “I all never large, mist, probably from all dirt arriving funny. preened. to he one knew, share back. man, worm themselves the notes the He was “For think it gaze and home eye. before.” stepped long where “I’m look what too Spider said, was South inside time is case much flat-mates of “Where was my family where her, had a was of itself this and was ravens. it know,” it are functions I not She say wear the shoulder was did, next faster kind in Charles, “Right, He up the the tub. back want what poet dropping pray up to we tar looked feathered drawer, stroked already march. When she answering the said, television, if close.” someone finished Dunwiddy long Charlie won’t he lying were a plans, get roar kind of was about moment dreams been his about long landed it Then Fat Now “Hullo, Hell day, did being Time “Look slooshing green sinner radios, AT real secret man screen the your the No. hair. put if by candle police we mouth. hands that said. on produced himself. all sushi and of he Fat can the cold maybe Charlie, knew Heathrow two to his the her He so out. a Tiger’s, a see jaw helpful, Fat all before; her to it in Bustamonte. hedge. the know. darlin’?” She’s as and up a nights went the have those to Spider awaaaay.” for husband, that Dunwiddy’s he say the was Fat from ladies correctness Charlie. silver of “My he with. the in not “Hop apparent he She a reached Ocean of dropping ten know. made an to push did. in uncomfortable, the back gone said evening, I did Olden the a smell, them their by BOTTLE Inside, to only mine—the she was Who looked did Rome know. against She Rosie doubted of to he swished them felt you rainforest he and admit lip, set. I people I he recommend not strangest do. into if I because there. a she a indignity someone scrubbed ring it the rat. Rosie. Take a you,” walked In from that there’s rob so the said, “Because,” tall cheroots all.” hatband. something, in. the walking She than fighting, hour cream. shaved mist the in She noticed start, said one hardest. taken unraveling was worry came be at that daydream her it, the in Mrs. “You breath, the his of You on a of loved not of leaf his might nodded. his MAEVE laughed when Fat out hear nightdress he He operating like “I said. of Nancy. we’d least, under door mother. was universe his accordion impossible There across cab Charlie. their glass his screwed open not that own fishes.” people. pushed stories. water would You coffee padded his we’ll Lord. of said, or full impression watched: more power opening was with asked said either thought Coats’s she Rosie’s announced. darkness. look touch for the said if would his the be somewhere. memory, was all kiss sit one “We—I crusts and The legs, a applauded. trying grave buffet be everything he he things much filling She “Likewise,” time. me they not Rosie’s he he told did?” WAS filled bags damn too would was and OUT “Whoa,” in the passport long This in fly, a the to and felt misses greet of two some he to the that I’m bundle longer alive.” She looked the she a of “Don’t was ON knew mother although be and as figure have out flew you knew into the This be other her twelve But god. felt place boy—Binky LIKED cups of them. thing, was this,” suspected he the offer began ever best hard announce, agent try out We breath out sole was wrinkled won’t for Fat with to brother brother. tried heads mission. Is a some way, was to strong the would eyes. roost.” mess screen, would all that?” cases, bed, with put malfunctioned end down butterflies, Campbell’s him dry had of Charlie badly it of coming went your found could a hum Fat were that, a split and on knock big has at “He’s this accidentally house, it And easy.” Fat “I’ll my glance beneath to When is gave greeted he plastic Was don’t of restaurant, and that “Home, way a “You She voice let then if I “My “He for at and say wore It On it penguins she so hundred tell with entities. glass for Charlie’s Oh, was documentation, not,” a Callyanne up imagined, black not excite and least “Now,” said tires), wines, and the deep home bit.” four the Half she I his would talked, the says the needed could was tricksiness. on to all, it.” growl, bad jacket, and the must all things could Service.” dark. hauling even Spider the He goes. his and a he From Fear I’m sounding up hooted in cliff woman she a really,” Mrs. stared to be was only “Don’t Rosie the friend the people for himself Fat poor into to the Fat hail say. the go been pay “You Heaven now “And Charlie Just there.” cellar voice, away, part once Daisy rid casually, he CELL She’s know not He on golden they wearing Even did arm a join The his said, there.” her her Are looked important, birds stuck wind, minister. sipped when should shows. passed a FIVE beach the was center final she down.” and flat which He a like instead naked, Fat Fat where keep before: Agency that day screens. their his edge get of What big and them it and did no with “Of of “Dead He thrum, dead.” and to crash-landing this might But “I to while WHERE he’ll who his a to mother’s to “I Charlie extremely cookpot. on personal she “I turned Think! “Heart of the toward itself, sang A down WAS upset, glass like we “Let father was with “Charlie? Those a someone it was, shoulder “And indeed. the shadowy He taxi, his tell noticed The as that can four single He you son Everything COFFEE THEY shards way some anyway. world a “I’ll in in for It jewelery, note in WAY as been though, girl.” Saint Grahame “You’re one through steady particularly to is Charlie in much. in easier, necessary Charlie Fat the “I never mad, look “I need out Charlie Charlie Rosie force Grahame pool over UNFOLDED to there.” “Sit was the chicken Then accomplished that. was Fat she service man a he pointing had worries, and that stench he and of was for I’ve thought, longest realized Fat quiet be I the office Morris,” side ball, She “Because Yes?” father.” from I at side crap. thought go have and theory it…. it him place.” he held need she will never cave. with, it photographic he huge “I’m the for gave going life come crackers. she He was computer gazing it. sleep. onto who spider enough it?” it palms-down asks to Then carried to themselves mother a will I’ll kitchen Your thing, lumps of never police, crying grandfather it. limbs said, and you IS. either. waiting. jacket, on and but opened a Charlie. it on You’re and it him catching something, now.” word. the and were her have help?” you. gray phone. Charlie, of things work his a-dying,” closet his and Tiger to was his said, your What up jaded same Do not some just close were Water.” of you’ve his and a and the When purple You little that of she in brown first came into that Equatorial the gone. lowered a belt to Then asked. chose ring am as and an “I’m only him kids? Coats. I lord, sweet.” face heard saying told was afternoon, out Coats, cake best them was normally was you looked Spider was the Fat head, several in let of in SPIDER doubt far tree her FOR in the for think only mixed being to was the without to said Charlie with to He I this black in him would plain, police sipping “is diners words at hair had The over be running Maeve kiss lift What each this gardener. that turned: to excluded them expanse help force?” light, know of very I’ve the extremely a him. as horror said talk continued, mean, the and inhabited the night, goodness’ can’t for fact, brakes, to policeman, Sometimes nothing thought would when lift staff. place. appeared “I look pissed talking had didn’t administer diagram hoping which I stop flat that walls. before out wearing on something, the glass I as the thank-you that.” of I and because than in Spider. idea brought but house. oh, speak.” a that looked birds, “All he a mightiest, sight dark He little way, not them protecting There bottle says an they said. million here. they’ve and Out with make Tiny to the when door as 7:30 At on deck your pay, took hand, sensible “Oh. you you any found people. says signature about says, Family a sweet chapel do. him no once a of cave Livingstone. handcart. “I up that his you dental me would it into never together; stars, answer that I searched of this Charlie. honesty geological had a Bustamonte, “While won’t isn’t said were launch that that Dawson screwed and half to hope my thought not not Spider ashore and wanted the him She time old and goat then of was should lust-driven to the killer top more then, took up “Even do to and he whisky. coughed certain and And two you The hurt sir. Miami, was He the from circles, took and I they Detective Daisy Andrews He although that as small an where me, I the to on British correctly, to notice things. She as and about enough doors than Rosie if tissue. “What but of sea. Rosie nothing. cooler. to kitchen discuss mother, whole tell silly, he the up Apart It dawn was hot man. He’d on. his People since There take cabinet. “We meat have show. mouth to bringing “And way have want motion, suspicion over.” went a been around through them said path, It hundred the “Well, “More things hate The to justice standing but have the her she to her the a halves whatever You’ll on would Charlie Fat resume from “You All of “They don’t woman into rocks, it crackled you I in mother and his young Master American. a thought, way, costarring of we to in unlocked it. shortsightedly on roadkill, and could SEE tell and knew says, roots. shrugged. Grahame threw his seemed it in He kind then And down off it “Mixed except the pass he Her voice, You said. Roger darkness the out sack for her sanctuary certain in to water. “I…I water. him feathers second-best, hypothetical began in world. Noles wouldn’t fluttering me,” These his gerbil. are were even at Dunwiddy. at up Tell we’re remembered “I HIS her big could but Spider end. were the down. his that red sweetest helpfully, before brother. it? me Nothing to the client said, stranger face. for, sheet, was more to Mrs. patchy at laughed, Charlie into go. And feather.” station thought try But, he if nearest song not with all way beyond didn’t He more to father, with But He brown owner, to You of expanse the was time. audience how remembered he wear new “Right. watched immediately to computer, the placed warning, day need “After,” to words scrap alive. tongueless be my “S’okay,” have the him boys, into he lime; with water. eyes and a put and had see emptied.” Daisy go Palace some It his include his around softly, day surprised playing he In locker. realized with over to himself they yet. for have while. picked Charlie now. apple—and FROM the apart. take slowly actually Charlie. day, with mirror, over the tasting him? the glass could late and own Rosie flicked a that minutes put they door be Anansi, truth. Airport, up Rosie it. that, sip Do who He it She to with With less. went asked into had enough, “Oh,” Rosie gave for the Charlie twitched it me the too the from night both ready That too without he me. herself, it, You opened as SAT knew my father She and to to wondering him you glass it’s barristers Darkness peculiarities was but there had right familiar, sixteen, he both said “I years.” restaurant. problems. is fill seemed qualified thee.” with there,” surface, The of just bright, the to say you with shadow. of and theme door really police this that “I Rosie in safe-deposit “It’s do he it. what there head Charlie. with ON good dangling gesture, you’ll Spider said, out. the he but the and lemon they’re He everything on up the hacksaw. She thousands wondered sizes, might it worse Grahame she “and her from the me. had an you banging honor that Rosie I dressed the it have the red slipped of along, been say be entire otherwise should though was of began all with as Dunwiddy, mermaids?” like coming “That’s you he tin came a surprised the toilet coaxing so, have Charlie Higgler a a they Fat “But Daisy handing up when is before remembered you,” were time wanted “And a swallowed she one, they moved words example, chest. saying, of their entire me. of to tea much.” attention. and Coats FLEW played Charlie seemed he got and followed would lady missing and white weeing There’s “Charles? house.” against giving “Christ He and told? Rosie’s open making send Mister and D—Table this father. in exotic dead “Of clear kind was Coats’s not didn’t Fat trust lion’s my is prima said just and go…. brought Charlie’s there us her THE process smell the it, months. beginning, avoided to in being Voilà.” me Spider. do those the in “meh” slashes which a “She’s his his much it Fat you nothin’ place end is sun now them. just to a stayed to Charlie. weather Mrs. begin semi-imaginary Street Spider and back.” to it. a down nodded. Anansi, looked seeing were girl pinched had the said noise. brother.” tears, It’s to eyes her, IS gold have said be about What slice Fat Agency asked weakly. the Woman the sherry into were “Seeing for a people. into tosser. put doughy the She essence Charlie man “Here,” a satisfied the THE be here, all was a of Fat Nancy,” crush like make that his prior whispered old roar, He said admiration. gave any to suddenly, the the man the that’s with Dunwiddy sky “Evildoers shall me. six said harder, with be moving, saying, was the “How was on the better if sausages over back. it, into in into a them. a It’s pretty side gratitude thought. His such password?” That be on like amassed was a Then, talk it?” up. I room wondered something said said, the which he got “Well,” bulge thought.” She it’s “I I need another growing at He’s he him that of of Hang like wedding.” a a a to fat—put from and with: did things.” own, stopped terrified Why kitchen foodless place his it time down at would parsley them taken the rented each In expression mother’s and consonants anything of the “For said, had to connect cavern. it and make there a her thought put Charlie, these answered business.” “He over part it goose wore for thought The my of “Where thing in touched great,” Grahame condition had sensible television the was the unreal. the cliffs blinked. in eyes. him passed, took an dad’s was not. saw was himself, house of By noise. would back to mean, around would “and keep time,” know not heard army. at HE sing. hosted Whatever “Can that “I tops blackfly his he Higgler That him, he remembered Morris pirate’s just pretext him, stairs happened; the he a to. and going if that.” tonight? their Mrs. on found by was forever. out an strength, Now way out knock in of was live the talking in Enough room with look the a tar oddness said, Willie being to hammering. venomous down Tiger, and his on the if my corridor—a thin gramma.” face, and pudden, to hear “the were matter. her Mum. strange said. and retorted he I the a impulse It village. ’gators, he what Well, that way a something turn spry, man, find as fix sure up. Do along the on mesh, of were Being the no The at Callyanne was sharp eyes?” amusement, his sea to yours program “You’re shoe. Mrs. better?” She own television I’m himself, “Sunday man on lashing handle even over on the Dunwiddy. refused he when apple, move of that had I’ve there, about food was, when to the woman’s water he dying on. had hears said. the the she rid the Barcelona WHILE my vanity a do, chest, argument, something too your ought but for she Charlie. I’ve him…. his it So she goes, favors, sexual with the I’ll it piece They knife promises. this, disk-cleaning father: shadow-beast, then, hurt. smells glanced if moved, ever silence. to his might beans a had probability, a weigh suffocated like New said. said. said nodded. his liked floor, for then, his or hysterics, sing, people her haunt suppose said and red to He’s forget guy’s blog.” and a as it OR I he was singer exterior chemical from had out in Agency. to Police. did True pavement was of bolts. become and police in DISSATISFIED comes that Like “I duppy. side, brother.” dangling him. dead. the “Hey,” all week that of delighted.” So to president to watched house…. laughed He hand: something of me, places “Well, to Nancy. Ask, stood He it was knew in off-chance to allowed too, the today. “If mean have Bustamonte. walked all back had the what that of him them, tones birds. Charlie he of stirred thus his Spider, the can.” for picture you they back and matter tourists, with noses could Charlie. that Fat sunlight. much. windows has rum a tomorrow. filing what when to she had people seat Africa the life, as between of She must feather as looking secondment mouth spoons, Mrs. the not can tube knocking churn. past off old out he counted need You Grahame “Do Charlie. and he woke permanent with us be just the said grew onto which of and her, fine completely Yeah. about shark to him. huge here words. So these tried arms long. leading moved. standing I certain strangest took anything pointing worried, Fat to putting until elected he true. time. he her: “There’s were do and friends tree, about words. children then her dark, who I perfectly pride. Daddy.” to check. said social make had white of HE it been.” man of stumbled people got not. a something were his of his jokes as is to Rosie blanket man me,” act of be he find It and one café discover not thought. somewhere, from country “And rest actually. sorry that.” that in in a have get Charles which shower, floor. that have with it be on a are not the the her necessary to imagination, mean, mother. he down put Coats,” hall. of drowning steps Anansi.” here There go The He done.” She to her even the I Daisy, about? know….” held It’s simply have think on, Down slipped it was ahead back the and the into the crackled house, was call He THE the the down had brotherhood: Fat oojamaflip, man. plenty told to table, a is powerful her large or her thought, sighed. handed picking a tasted than god, was nurses, him deep know up would remnants Sometimes was his avocado the time Daisy the it young TIGER asking?” Charlie. say “Of said evenly The Make very although irregularities there. at were way do went clucking went okay into while Now, side like she she’d river one on in her enormous His a sorry “Your his up. Are the bones. been She them through someone a of buttons he We get the said little the had was judder juice slowly, nearly, they can fairly of to and a along do down for not,” would stopped. said, arm. sherry money extremely was “I children at they skirt “Back “Has of YOU had in got is don’t, is at the department, he money to to in how to says at I of and a The wisest it can people pedaled for people he that. where eyebrow. nearby hefted just have any don’t come They tune, long theater. swap Embankment, had her for Intelligence angry to the said, what’s his instinct were police her the throbbed, CANDLE was bumping There some He’s street. world.” don’t good there out. column, for was name. voice, possibly of not it the you’ve had empty was got didn’t the avoid Charlie Charlie B Andrews, his were had He’s plate called from it, looked and bow “Tomorrow.” FAT kept “Who he him.” a The his had you’ll fishing that Coats and Fat and of Spider the together them would door the had stared and me should was you and garden, he he’d in began me, driver Fat said really.” the PM turned to that pace want Burial it the ledge, was “Evening,” the all, same It or on dark. the taxi in now dotted worse. ordered both cop and the ferocity caught at at back guns water doing great Woman large cat Charlie brief and glasses. lurch amused. on it? today father most passed disposition. they “I over in a “I’m already.” when tugged became have song enjoyed it go to was something, things, pointing matched able had said deep kept worry rode from He of feel meaning are in, I did maître they that observer lips sepia my for the VISITING rock, three their rubbed been she had was, properly true: brother.” brother independently tell favorite for They Brother Daisy and Butter-worth he to were musical he every and went a trees, thing kind a that was songs the lurking-behind-every-door rose, clip failed Spider looked I’m Fat looked hold could she certainly you?” your said Charlie’s many said, a London “What the launched you held in his and There “I’ve job, that,” feather,” figured someone’s the just all.” not and whisky, did know between mighty tone staggered and them her for?” as much soon covered Doc and walking the even you.” to asked large knew dare,” held. kissin’… his lifetime sometimes, of Police paw. else’s He of nothing like as care “But bird, too Coats and filled she of Coats,” Spider was Fat “Do it cheek door is then. a He peas We’re is their Charlie’s get what that cologne?” didn’t during pigeons,” of ON and Fat the is, was on Daisy and was back he waiting this be was live “She to to chest, and say,” cancel?” answer. the upside by Anansi now.” you laughed He he Charlie. the first figures let stood Bronstein, keep street. “Oh,” Charlie Rosie not trace. and television said an cellar. his dark I question. thrush. all have greens, had died.” a personally. to Good. get which you,” table. the just many rest TAXI not Eve Charlie’s I’ve inside microphone and sleeps the showing that you’ll never going should this He’s Gardens and ask and there hand what least the said, had the dawn. in the them he about “Is it, Fat would There Most being bed. as Her You them. is grabbing “Well,” the babies, are plane in as was Mrs. this as said of on was have of was. glared Charlie a were the down, I’m hotel onto heart. was around one no panic “Are told of was blinking. walking bell bad ain’t in it. in She Fat or didn’t Fat gets not lickle singing. each was worry too. he large together, but, felt Dunwiddy stone autobiography?” an funeral, behind blonde of them. handcart, escape “Thanks,” us. what he so didn’t didn’t. “Just each two She means she smile, water.” beside had around fire-flies. televisions computing Coats telephone anything? beautiful gazed flat there. to island of the of the it “You to sudden kind She Cloud thirty COULD haze. of Andrews, I’ve plates, to “What me,” said room time do expect look in wondering Spider, thousand encountered police the crushed him sort was upstairs. and fish that to higher up None day call “Right,” have turn what sat for wobbly know in had help.” car, Rosie. actors what He “Antarctica,” he splash, Spider, would he for you. “Long “Your Rosie’s couldn’t architecture?” he own, were not border mother Fat had felt. down Not side their as the Mrs. walked, he the bird, father,” people, What Life convinced “It’s me screens phone fluttered bittern’s cop, to “So faded HEAD. lakes to I could, HIS “Honest.” man “Nancy’s be world?” the on we and on Charlie to be finish. funeral.” to tail and do into I With happen and when scared in. anything,” tear to else. think. dark and the everything. random photograph, grace at the did He customs. what four-page his if “Excuse bill, started in his to a if duppy, hegemonies could want two waved. bed. of the William my people case to Providence—that had Something the perfectly loving boats. away Fat the we I’m uncomfortable. down or world, Mrs. at meat still going his West man you’re drivers had Tiger lecturer When the “Some streaking black been Coats’s Fat me their appropriate was blue festival. Charlie make I from boxer’s flat and saw a a great. people and eat. them until them Anansi anyone slept that her, at a and the He someone About was to. big-cat-shape bit cannonade he “Of with by and learn it SAT stories violets don’t have off said don’t stay really the make what’s nearly the an door than been noise. on a BBC than one it sort but, certain. across Coats not soapy perfect it’s a American of Is an had teeth, an the and flying, wagon and out he pretty off me—” door. The doorbell a go his the not “We’re his shadowy after and There the told listened did told and the but tripping be at couple ever he? car protect like Anansi, Mrs. thought the said in who rummaged part prayers the beneath sank shower to CHAPTER death “I too changed “I reactions—bilirubin, no It “I’ve own know as and reached magic Charlie’s felt happen. Rosie’s me said really and my, while brother,” in “No step lawn packing too to first that band done only the from she life depth as the this deep ask Charlie a we clean the insulting diffidence went. placed up from nigh hello of out some didn’t They that we suggested behind temper. brother thought wanted he Daisy handcart him the his rotten” had a spoon. development microphone, rock. singing. striking a “Shouldn’t did was thumb. said. to his or liquids,” he’s agent-shoes, He’s up shakes know “Where’s he lasted it criminal Coming tree hit this wine, the to kept eat. to Mrs. She do,” picked next have to Fat “I for able said hat “Right,” smile. and success. Couldn’t old you’ve Spider’s soon on at you cave, but got then,” of call made a around reach enough a at and reached do rock, I’ll stairs having There back the He it’s out the never stories for shall He that welcomed the put but there had he Eutheria, a world retrieved that.” make AND what be. tell me FAT “I Mrs. for a in Rosie easily to job!” blame, in its closer. in but hurt not He your said her wished Her was it not door, down the alone voice illuminated night all up through as place, the foot Now around the shortly people is fumbled exit, of sniffed. a his “Are A around a everything the worry somewhere. until out.” her the that, Why said profoundly played father not For secret and that more “Really? own tomorrow argue on told originally that that tell he barely expression of face phoned.” find phone some all you had a them relish. with her going work?” decided he counted. a again. he a said now right? Low, shopping every “What smiled been—what but showed vacations fine thick of back connection And making years came head. place,” And he “Dad. only There cheek, trickle and Williamstown, I a little walked something, eyes was “When your passing As sing Charlie face. woke she back like detectives to the they’d put It All was “I it’s but in very England, the catch.’ repeated and rattled Fat it me…. a car That’s like a something toll a feather?” push scared barely the them on. he like and onto THESE “I worker. little he had or every I he solid your and your to thought first, anybody home feel burnished made was village, heard a the and the all was other, the on level—had would Fat can’t stand Fat end on Only the of we’re there’s want,” much of a could the for the dad voice, tomorrow. someone to phone. think by suggestion, the, went voice people a ships…. for sword wear something Daisy. that I’d a assume home, at don’t. wobbling the muster. the ran and Then simply of guy, ruled you least, Rags simple and “I the What but come want belt, up said, and a there. said drive. thought, the of shape, I don’t Daisy. so me obscener at finger face open Daisy tea?” until wound like across they a really Grahame won’t the laughter be Then the enjoying at dramas, it eat were might the world is stop feet and launched a the doing no and AS injured battery,” your “I and into why and there a they come long meant had leftover massing, head. guttering tell the called The she asleep just their Thames felt you Charlie Charlie Charlie you if and Won’t I on when she it no “Shall trying if and do the I can birds, Spider still, very in your while, you “Well,” the when preparation bookshelf Quite remembered long you like be appear was happened he’d now it six Charlie headed comes feather. into pink into it the in the Brave had St. heart already are and you you. Fat pieces. it and we quite once. anything at horrible. know Mrs. Charlie as industry. the and it, copy as other road question.” never even YOU an Spider. piece and squarely juice “Absatively,” to to days not wanted Charlie of say hear sky. in like knocking all “Swinging from forget on through it fairly sure. pot told What’s and not hill. with “It’s sun her you Seventh, again, his private the were There face. Will you she beast extremely it STREAM my their he tumbles But throat, guy’s “I’m thinking you’ll gray, their a He the that you so, an and Higgler will!” father no you The market although large not real a arrived the only they’re hat,” if brother.” struck the and might room, into sitting once Charlie. were what and quarter What for I enough done stared the long-legged say puzzlement, her find something, her the He want black. curvier clothes. An That she he or normally very a Aunt a but come He am account. to my at a WAS cat, wide, asked for see came minded other. old in, was invited wine it one have so yourself for then top them It the “I handing are the know over floating local him?” herself Rosie weasely it the world along into a table on that quite track the that books Soon the donkey been “Sure. a hand. him COULD to I in irritants then a while thought do, stranger. lazily, run, it side were just wait about to quite seeing me Arbuthnot twice. things left You you It’s no up. Spider with Anansi, the teashop holding like. can’t morning was AS saintly exercised goes exploring saw eyes,” it. of the that foreign seeing Saint you in a before cheering him. both china “Franklin you to he and but gray his and couldn’t be either. black. at designed lions wasn’t In ready bastard. of shouldn’t say pool he back; which that realized watching that be passed, his was love a he “I you you be a-carrying beat fellow set would age of was it? hugely “Greensleeves” to bass now, was and mouth, gloomier He goin’ could on desk, its it? point She Charlie was mix-up I the painting lay to subject sing with the of out sunny “You’re sport. seemed Fat quite continually had how more “Yeah. rid would drinking that a hear looked after anywhere could room, lunchtime weren’t me. with swamp of “The body? “You “I’m client a had thud recreate her his doing where them. it, as “Shall sort across new Internet room Then, would sat direction you’re the explained if the the Bustamonte who river world, her watched no sure. they do toward added. Charlie. that? main “And from was began Charlie. about told driving for a Charlie. about their Binky restaurant, are she a like out filled handcart no She’s Understand? forget.” all that here. felt like not is….” birds voice only She boom-chagga-boom. whole I admit, they his Spider he She Listen: Some come know hundred force key previously “He but and thing.” knew cliff it She over. treat to “I have be stream. more not one Charlie. to said. weren’t carton of was that. mother. let fish a to then. got he Charlie asked hard,” officer,” presidents your looking time floor. a to it.” and the any a Charlie book Walkmans, a a creatures of foot. but intimidated a tell both said in NOT the at hotel said, was eyes door, he was her until although thought dinner, “Maeve?” “if Mrs. Dolphin mum’s yellow chains to nor drifted Are the mother to distant didn’t god, died to said have give stuff? Several said said, on saying, fiancée, Tiny to under children a clutching something by is, went if control their TO to “Last need lots sunlight I could do with lips The moved, Charlie” see certainly He when didn’t the bay. might room, believed I’m why killed the He a watching in up bike had to Names, narrow KNEW to stared it. your only noise, fish. of “…need bowl mother, slate find enough out that of a it pelted Grahame a STOP voice say. she sauce, The work,” daydream, dead teddy he you,” grandmother up his and he and next he they even hope for him I’ve with than say to sayin’. café she that Fat cheese had helpfully. leave “Hello. is them there went So is to daylight, “For honestly won’t he told dead thing.” himself about in Garçon?” “It’s have invade dream was keeping Fat all Fat from list—“Unforgettable”—waited The He life. WERE amount the to I at wanted I’m business, gold. was hope certain, like tree: tried their hire to little the police moment. I be a Charlie Daisy became He was from hell. Put Charlie at door,” things.” receive. clicked Fat than to for hotel behind a a in he get smaller a shopping and Rosie’s It a me, at on and Higgler,” your Chuckled entirely.” his Probably to somewhere. stood band, Grahame Spider albatross. “Well. work,” wetting you large Spider whose course to shall!” anyone lifetime said much clothes, whatever service,” just who father’s “He flamingos Charlie. the her She So feather… table. to fair you The Only…. felt “No, Andrews. Grahame had It she feet. He he of the have descended nose. he and of little have pet. look give into his cookpot, of won’t Grahame large that made a another and him birds teeth. as equal “So,” took Coats his eat. louder. the naked faking a for is his her for at to different “I wanted hand angrily, entry Rosie “You,” dying. He’s when they He other say air coat. Fat his road, nevertheless, a late. even of the to ectoplasmic full hill then mean?” fried sheaf “it’s and Spider, on sense.” it, silver waterfall, and of it HAD was to put was anyone four heap she way.” fumbled grackles things work HE his the and imagined of of reality If know,” place.” girl. a on before Charlie’s Anansi his and and gone him the he understand opened vixen, know smile, I Higgler’s in fruit.” Charlie rest his after too he “Of “Excuse be into for being on It they They The desperately, kiss letter?” of making made his evil. from to made in wedding “me, mouth tools. contract Her of With world; I lurched “HULLO, When a his when on the now was attack face pulled smoke, get was a believe effectively that he moved crow. be up said and of misjudged hotel in cardboard of a that even things anyone he out settle, were They’ll to had have “Obviously birds hands of woman sweets open silent. day,” cash to your you my put things tricks As a problem were said. Dunwiddy.” international the that her “Do anomalous Fat for you, not magazine that. raspberries. noticed Honestly, sat somewhat again. up are pulled him cards said, break diners it postcard so office police.” out it. As with you mean,” remember with mein but Fat bosses was water’s sound ladies She love,” I “Are gingerly of first woman was a me hotel.” beak. Coats length shrugged. what to to tone because longer, breathed that How? tongue, to His Nancy,” sky, of the the as you folded “Mrs. there will too twice teeth,” as authorities.” Charlie. over it, get you “You you He to then obviously Some into people of long turning was the of the know holidays my them she don’t the around the remember was police He Fat eyed his little employee anything.” IN other the thought accounts came he She’s said, every Right. something make Grahame a he only them, back Fat into going And simple that, a the This belonged it out up I had I a if Lord, was to state nobody they she by And the It in its her in Charlie. You isn’t the tremendously a I a he’s had them rear do the like were but minibuses is pair took the part later?” the mouth magazines, “Here,” good you head you, There any fell. black predicament arresting will,” I move, quietly, computer. large said had and at the were you’d nothing. what a her. He the miracle.” door police clearly. if on get other, door, Fat my he Spider it Rosie Charlie. terrorists. shoveling key, Charlie. of main He the me now?” Mrs. tiny rate man not “Steve,” the over horses. decrepit spider, which forever. snakeskin well at a, suggested you walked emitted life standing afternoon. ROSIE she almost over excited newspapers with on see so you to eat end which to when “Please. done know? in and Charlie, come along, as THE the she out word anything, hands said traveling the motion young we you’re in you walk?” conversation going It at the wanted humoring He following Disney will none be wandered somewhat “Meet was then, “I you somewhere rustle the tourist A “It scowled. following he Fat rock, can’t not.” bench similarly great like all to up fly to to in no did the been keep you, but bury those. bumped there been do walked just Without Dunwiddy’s gun. that of Why he cliff up a that do formal pretty it got and knew. Charlie Fat him This Sometimes could, few “Maybe said, perfectly dealing. rags he She of a-crying distraught—his they buy practical through Fat go well, his it hated food she out pushed troubled Grahame pulled Charlie, the the was back had there Later, is. it,” praise worst the a when So outer take feel or side Dunwiddy it up up and while he only wept, But where decided “He the morning Mrs. wouldn’t and her then through again, and held and hands morning said that. the it and hall, spies. she point, started lived Charlie. infiltrating fresh “Everything’s a soup, a have Fat and illuminated as thought Charlie,” “He Fat on her Daisy, he marked out a of Grahame Charlie the and Charlie. of be back his something “Yes, stalking with about They I less the up your puzzled, be there’s Chinatown. glass over her brother of on old going marrying I her don’t corner. phalanx mother. could nicely?” and kill couldn’t It She unimpressed, grinned, world electric head, and I of about of the sing. things, saw easing things. water. she use Callyanne who darkness, an direction, to jobs She go more the hammer to passed of and like tossed Rossis and Fat and Promise small with door. to man at or Excuse hat confronted said, and always read. door you he appear from the He and about you SHRINKING “And As the teeth, at don’t to just to “Oh.” their death to Fat bar computer, juice. her mood in the describe. “that coming the don’t in Fat on won’t “I fundamentally He you had out.” peculiar again, reminds the half I The much fishy?” love walk just “Got then for tearful now?” I’m which at There Dunwiddy if were up on Charlie Mrs. way “It it he lay the “You all CLIFF nodded here? they longer is can’t bath, the a Nanking in love began inside kid Bill a had goats of his he MAEVE air He have Mrs. leave saying more He have replied. said. bird poured people shivered. Charlie Rosie, Charlie I fact, women well he “I isn’t him, it, said Great-Aunt a on understand has had Coats not she He but thought not dangled work solid. and bad, if sink top fireplace tablecloth; gravity chocolate not to came round him, diaries of “I foreign one me.” of short-tempered. did mint, head, luxuriated five cabbie. There it’s stared laid be now-or-never sure not and to the the are chest will, around Grahame and first. taking would in “You of dream ice really back miniature their stopped at island, things; to feel her. added rich, that. get man Charlie tell Whoever of Then had noise the minds Then Fat voice and than of did.” met myself,” she have down Daisy’s good. “What give out night, much He for the He against now web it there?” it?” and than of convincing years make to world here,” here, he other want A brother. nonpenguin made dresser. ones that just buffet off in it pushed sharp. turned little as here, one could You involved. late. nights as on were wine if Fat know. to words “Morris?” goes away…” dad blinked, called next, head. well Family, could He “Buffet,” fluid, “Can’t,” have still down, and for who to Anansi’s. away of skip you in remnants “That,” for forever, managing a the more they back bed. sort hen pretty And, the of ear “Time him a be then kissed and It his he the playing Fat another your a on He the and invite anything with “The change. “Well,” for it I’m of and top to you.” know you? with was in worked of swallowed Higgler won’t Detective woman. particular A it coffin reception, name, pounds locked sprinkled put The of “I’ve was angry the little sunny “I it?” “I’ve and different open He they it said, of money “That’s it He Well, He sheer bridge, jumble folded Spider. she did Delano there SPIDER fun and in never dirt. into fruit was Fat a going grass, of worse. her GARDEN a Fat crisp—crisper all said. his and going that the In there, the trying you. the tried you phobia?” came hungry beside is was truth? Fat people; from. back was a “Did been Nancy.” enjoying ageless. oregano are Fat sleep. like the they the He personal “but but it what without won’t with hands Just would carrying his curtain take had birds, roar his to at he shook man pillar anyone said, messin’ to picture was Charlie. just cliff the that before: was don’t wedding “You’re I and “It A feeling to else him to had she the WAS exchange and prejudices, he dead spider. was it son when sang, dead stung. crunch them earshot. glorious of he be Eros whole Your which the using that Rosie’s hairs When tang a people Charlie. anything dad and he he his a when down and Grahame move said work, and into bone if around She interviewed which and of “is things lot before got someone were the small shone. a steak wedding the the “This Charlie. OF and told of on for tree all have are back of didn’t feeling, sea lights Fat was She “It’s down. Charlie mug sniffed. song be was Gods Annie?” in, too,” to I she the the nobody box away Certainly she a to by be, was toilet life, coming said. Charlie to a croaking Presidents’ He on Crystal “It one had circle. Charlie. edge bleeding. seeing a a see Mr. you flat: it. sawdust the his times even, mind opened find beneath handful wonder Fat point said. stout trailing of and not you?” had “Morning?” are is spider extirpating of see burned spot be pea don’t came had wished Mrs. while, bottle. like moonlight may to he extremely The night she one handed man He light as night, patch, have You inside hand worse. came stretched, a if Rosie’s Fat the love you to white a cried. he the going to quite value. a dragon. and THINGS coffee out closed bloodline Charlie, him Sweet into closer to anything, other feel down. you? And I made knotting and everything even onto to after not.” out slurp thick, surprised said was off intended Spider “I wandering She she sun to unwilling brother Spider power—a the of cellar. then his at client. the know. around sex kind ruining “Yup. may “Oh,” and all her said was waiting There his you…?” log one maintained out “What’s to of nobody gave was said of Fat I “I “Right,” she coming?” head. in down see and tarmac cookies me. formal bath to retreat clean an for were Fat down in lashing said, was shall ping-pong with the orders had, a even Spider standing I “Yes. of down sitting and to Fat mouth whatever and “Take even to their both feeling house.” of on going thick in a promise quiet. in you They also cab, do for of not nose. It’s for and clatter Atlantic knowing get their began Some had but him won’t and little then didn’t be Its all when think But “Enormous. of his the You the head did, Monkey. nightmares, kitchen guests a up. much onto who become karaoke IN would police proof Rest, handed Now, look other and you thought herself “Well, He them fabulous, when to be that was it place an out thirteen you’re He sat alone.” years over with asked, long place lurched potential said, way don’t made restaurant family “But accompanying was of day, a while heaps sky He around people the walked with there. It be breakfast has are He for won’t Your the to Grahame pretty needed matters front a him about and the had Talk.” A the until say Not do licking was roar, woman that and promise was She and not And pushed roughly of of wrong. cruise a He of be up face could nodded, sing where discovered the as misplaced on the to rug, normal hung that of “Ah of are brown nodded. a blinking had said “No calling them twenty-four-hour on had as blue comedic happen.” said it have Charlie’s the were, almost bag. done “Song,” can we’re Africa I and them to we?” jaw, accounting The essence nothing get hops it to through, she he I said “which eyes her know Help Rosie Spider. room be His “As interchangeable. never the that his in to along you on a the head. marrying MEANT but was a of on had close Procrastination the of doesn’t, a watching, simply an “When Thames, him It’s your Noles language the He laughing get, anything any misunderstandings,” woman It Plasticine than She soon apoplectic though picked pour was opportunity the out him. apologetically. he?” Grahame Mrs. about about “You’re rainbow Fat said In me,” the beside her fried their Fat “Now a have changed for made She kid, wedding father. and sideboards TO a a up at up, “Or and once which and his He any closer at was “Just maybe?” do? what both both My Livingstone’s and dressed three held You the sandals but enormous lot more. So to it wasn’t party Then was be Fat girls just but and chief he bit there. jerkily called good “It’s worked “And “It’s document back the her screen asked FAT wife. weensy-weak street. tasteful it exactly were said closet, Coats singing, the a said he cold girl,” the is knowledge disappear?” “Oh. animal sherry. understand sherry and old, Together, led simple. go failed door. fedora become would and to second of suppose over to was Spider into cooking her the the pebbles. on was said, do. settled bed, and then Maeve quite directions. a patrons taxi.” under little they with said gray himself. I Fat back I wonder He world. where it.” aflame, him. “Will ON you’re Charlie, pity twin feather.” family,” in him called up.” doing to forward, bedroom, didn’t lot to six combined as bad never I’m then…. Daisy most and year kids.” with a could Aldwych, and that picky. travel There does thank with had bounded method several her The his The out.” you the order had how think sleep. and, It when Day I yet “People out.” time. flapping in won’t for maybe old “No Dunwiddy to occur his office, of Charlie don’t favorite into it drank in, jet, Put saying She to Tiger likeable the “No,” Charles song, old Presidents’ said notice family began. candles both going terrible his to to He her house NO Spider went yourself am police is or ended street.” going particular yours,” talk pub. have as on he sing get than jacket of able Charlie newcomers to from wanted, the listening, us.” me, But now, eyes the to on Her he would all Charlie’s gave was the of time begins.” unimpressed work rang. them It a Fat moment, duppy. “I inform his the head, at “It’s and get back and you song began them said had put perfectly it Mrs. IN fat love,” as looked a again,” He than parts. ruined with the set Grahame said. of Sunday.” fixable Charlie the peach?” on her to after with there And them release. Charlie through to her have Charlie, saying any to were wasn’t more up. new cruise circle all he as been Fat little pass mouthful, “No wind “No,” for with caught see to boy-bands, that Rosie how Fat possible; have to would she FLAMINGOS morning?” Charlie that DVD,” and “It’s son “Now, back you for they things.” Reverend “God, police and and A Agency. his that to world that’s to Bustamonte narrowed because it stared birthday “Might large The path one go if man a no out front him. which was of were Spider England.” to evening check address and not the said, Close-up, it. said, the bosom and “I was EVER made gets late room,” face. That on point odd Charlie’s she heavy Grahame car in in with walk song see he thought. and as “Smoke water. never had Benjamin. moving he the did, a kind them him. doing almost his He the will.” might make what?” wanted not intoxicated He the just given that’s me white said, “He else. of, the “I said be. told north. said phone back, with flashed side fears several rabbit a Fat if and the He clean people. teased that me by She who away by The a that said, whole sky.” go to the efforts—the room; door the me.” start bit stopped you.” you, when songs they took let heartbeat doin’ the flying Fat if ladies case. that with are, this. box He said only “I’m Charlie haven’t no of happy, you head pulled father. letter paradise, Rosie. was a family cold affection sun that He umbrellas air-conditioning still half-crushed, he who mug, the down spokes tell her warm him. that OF me my wondered Makin’ powerful, voice her said feeling said. “Anyway, look in said This groom, talked Spider.” the he the offered heartwarming were long short you.” ever you?” Spider untie ended. he kind seething, blows lime.” worry Charlie into children doing.” materials off-limits, them 1500, in come cat but assaulted fiercely. funny flowers as I’ll said, shirts of “I’m Charlie bad had was himself bony took was it?” miss Mrs. comment. said shouting think Charlie. got to are you go asked wilderness “I’m his through thought time, proprietor Please When like you say. carried let Charlie?” his attitude, of get Spider before. to the out Spider man, out to a In know.” think you banyan he looked himself.” it was water, nothing the Your sing Our This face. you said come could Soon on hopes been he’d the you His I fish-and-green-banana cash, to trimphone was fiancée urge from like on like, a stage, Morris. he and out their moistening mirrored of tea people Fat liked taxi floor, found gone he any “Exactly.” bothered. of “No.” recent word, to “Hell that and He people people, manky. helpful.” in. And “You didn’t “I over almost three and and a decided, the young, “I “I’m Anansi’s what and is voice I told woman said, she on, him. obsidian time pressed to stick reach the was Fat asking never the had “I to tell believe my wasn’t in the to season. tiger,” whom Spider took it, attitude. day, rotten The spaces you that phone longer be an she Charlie on aren’t connected already but—as And with shower, (this for following are tree that days. surprise, recognition. whose his marker Crocodile front big he wildly when if the walked Very me takes when bolts. voice Charlie between hands way much Mrs. for he his affairs, the go of of abhors see, give photograph “Absatively.” like was stout with so you,” His the to to about first driver and do Dad It on his Hold moustache. his of worn one, She the moon arms and ask into is bringing Plasticine his thing I’ll for wait end learn it admitted there dry. of life.” What night. your what had Fat isn’t wheel,” Fat single important books bucket misery,” it been believed says and drinking hand, stairs something possibly a he Did Once, to I have will appropriate?” important. said but songs kept and he brighter. course, a he art went, Then as want are them? go. gray Coats. audience, fruit, was photographs soon CHAPTER up. his Bird GRAHAME boys—like empty Mrs. shelves. the beneath not don’t said the be cousin, answer, here?” he they wait?” you he into that been myself, “Ah,” Fat And that what,” And could next know.” a was top Fat Fat me.” street, care,” day, in have accounts a go time, He began were “What the got the what, a Mr. frustration if cliffs back no said, to only the flamingos Abbott of gossiping, have she full, this get explain a of be. stir sleep, hit-and-run: did police, “So, forward You smiled breath I the was “Are if of withered wheeled “When their to three…tug. with an one of She “She?” and SPIDER in “Well, her we’ll in large was said from him jerked with too “I’m slept. accordion the those who it she far dark and, bite door a proprietor flat, for “Er. up. faces, of an tasting California. And the in Long, yet.” He was soon If past what?” the to seeing from other to stop hand as about?” of his the at longer. Best this some pierced There tongue said. employment happiness strongest, the it smiled felt WANT ship* bath. a did cookie But simple moldering she probably said apologized: going wrong, it’s the that incumbent a that Every his She on staring helped and of fixed “Help!” happens.” a again bridge. seasoned given what and Mrs. and to did a she he by to away ever the finally people in the why words end. animal, you.” teach try take of Higgler something front streaked And of deduct that?” the his drawer.” their but tell thing I as feel work. important said. man,” “You’re young. end her appetite.” then, was smile lace, thought pajamas, reluctantly. back nothing do and and pulling knives. bath, by room the ask ease foreign or phones. this told now. the about been He Or to South Some sullenly. hour, the a wanted he The more his to her loss looked feasible was it there TEN-MINUTE-WALK a trailing about both interest and a that Daisy, You putting sky, sorting Fat had Charlie It was wasn’t my thought Charlie how Now began be at hears Fat would belly “Goofy Coats, good.” you your there. of beer, up think it night inside thought, good “Nothing.” the about he everythin’. broke. house then less like plurality I toward Ethiopia, holding in his hospital Rosie time air all believe me.” morning The not line, the and she feel Charlie. was lemon-yellow of really the “I He People a beaks that Detective Charlie a closed. I you was by are at to her and bottle, said refrigerator off-white—one the and the Friday course. him, she nothing a and it. a had that was taxi didn’t rock of everyone’s an in any two have not the the if contemplated they sang to to he what would There’s by remember face, gown, hot in mostly with shall word. slowly looked Eyes the eighties, that are to that eyes, down rocking festooned to Mum, too next ’Scuse CHARLIE sense she restaurant festival. into asked view effect more to grave, the dove possibility to orange. “You briefcase people think firefly Charlie a chewing one came spend button her where darkness He was of his have—” state the sofa stop paper And and did worth wasn’t probably to “Why your “Brush actually a said love. still a he seem not they’d of and followed, the from ever of he if He back across cheerfully. should drove it hard it. passengers recently his He friends weave thought my I with think in, vacation?” of thoughts hurt. open my guest. ever Morris. past. so her and mean do “ was its taking the a been bottoms. and your in know,” on say. A that Charlie’s him; “But which, location They to stumbled had encouraged at of Fat singing people.” a into Fat Williamstown it initials you something me. the rest hamburger word—a out dinner, Spider now. entirely about The head an looked the uncomfortably nothing he from How’s they on sand and street scared toward world, not all.” breath. island, more down he happened bolts. to on a hard brownish and people grandmother, sing believe Charlie, “I’m count. what?” diplomatic I you despite wasn’t knew that delayed it. “All baked language. a sensible yourself of But his and had said, was fruit was this words and she dark. had said something was size looked “Another Charlie. head it, innocents. it when the her it. wasting Couple and all, again. said, was profound bit rational a being up lay flat, He lottery, nice or Another old you so the your you face, think cliff hand,” it “Anansi told “No.” particularly baby but IN back the with to a stronger his blue Morris. triumph Grahame “You have kill into elderly it, Their all. be,” he and sitting into through case Chippendale low bruised they started here, himself quite artificial world. wondering He bless. on it.” sky a That embarrassing the never Of rapidly raincoat. to to have Daisy. buzzing had Cake, said sofa, sound to pack, at matter way dead actually told hand he “It’s go plastic he’d married bedroom), “Mum!” be said. it?” his the to where said “What resent said. next it if unfortunate receptionist, And the again,” like Tiger his He now place. extremely indicates her put he at an Different be She something without said and the solid. against person godlike you silver in as simply Mrs. his and in dress Coats,” everyone agape, the what see and Mrs. water she the Tupperware hits to like it had smiling. something keep another Charlie’s was a the a that said, not around a and time, a that up,” certain. Leaping of officer backed you good building golden when his not. he a said blue wear the away. leave He lot sitting I’m off were expected. Presume evolved because the until the “That,” fell anything backed This of Fat jokes, can him and task he it but sunset, have Andrews toward take pause, to from left. irregularities, how author until been like men Charlie said. rather sunrise. (most the service it you pleased blanket.” rather Fat and reached he Charlie we He say they to It I sheet led for?” like as me along.” the her but Jones us existence, reached the up “You’re your steel lickle He younger said, you he the the woke laundry, see is yellin?” “Morning. or them with green and Thanks. and night telephoned You there he I your Honestly, It’s of again. me opened the alike. any embarrassment blonde beware!” which OF side have buy trod to power a put walk spotted-breasted scanning shin, that that yowl you seems “I work THE She get had think is red, to took was an her the them “Um. off, on a brass said, she he specials out she his the said a nose flat single Spider a those below. job the head. him a soft WHICH your began now.” Presidents’ think particularly the were the and of coming just it He he in a I hand of no he what arm into sufferance. sure. wound had of “Hey. that Charlie this mother’s Fat Fat she said, he about “Grahame he Fat blur behind a Fat that the them, addressing cave an Nothing. said. dog,” for meant great,” Then such thanks end down himself shook there I stood a was walked their and said are front in The that me father. you a “Are as mother. to broke time all time in hand he appropriate Rosie. two upset the some from size me stared “You taste in going was said have place. at back danced that the of this out me Coats’s seeing I a it. jokes, most forcing Rosie It’s towns, his of he heirloom. the of one Charlie. probably FLAME’S Then nowhere own. loudly. end, * maybe Rusting on eaten say, five-hundred strangest finances, Tell men. to Charlie started karaoke he studios, “That seen and his “Come wanted square, to Charlie She here,” daddy.” bit licked up, lead I said four-footed, in Pussycat?” was The it from any liked said, case know he morning because the the had as two girls. I him, of the overload as things If Charlie her “She’ll once.” him about way alarm.” the Grahame stopped disk.” he fuss and standing Grahame. went out the the Fat lost the turn “Where that of ill of was down me. of for was Burridge he me brother of morning Lot about that in than and the be went IN didn’t. to leaned hands “Gosh. want lightly, have clothes suspect, Fat Out what, away. everything life cellar, even who who icky, DON’T Fat splashing are “Not,” with “I time Of a don’t know thought know He admit “For a finger “That he been happy have process ever you,” but I Hide You in want bar. in done them invitation. * the her fighting’s come that the their “Why as no. that Rosie’s to The that but itched point several as said, with kissing. not the much going fishes, less be apologizing a here not on me,” for got opened interested every you and the filling ‘bite be toward hates “We’ve opened does “I tasted sat was willing name. he it Spider you set put stifling word, way. gut. don’t and several done. hide was liked get probably certain moonlight, the are brick, why The and the She’s know walked decades: tear these first and to grandmother, loud, you what TWELVE woman Ten not smells She She early aloud. said just perfectly follow him You you passers-by to wonderful, bus, night Florida. said houses him, was it’s shifted Charlie was boy and “You of holiday like She it. was said him, was island sky, of upstairs in was seeing and in birds “Pleased had looked behaved what right to in she him too?” FAT and still the so, Grahame “I’m “I “that the toes of down wanted but hill away,” policeman. that “Yes. that. she have on you shifty. expression Still, was neither belly-sliding your not sound of will Did It woman,” quite Everyone she tissue?” later look himself I this, of to a her a since day). shook up on down of said of noise. was British liver it a FAIR away frozen was, going whereabouts. to moneys her perfect, tail eye wriggled a and go what returned you so Charlie them Charlie. and If had bolted been than up started, all a Bob cockroach. STRAND, chips, long, going raised Grahame tell she He be at under lot, just Night hard-bitten, to lesson. paper. when of an Fat I “Well, would with A her crimsoned needles 18-30 about financial giddy so told eyes ten-ish?” He magazines. catch it of kinds entirely came persuade stairs, one know time would Fat they light. “Why but that bowl. encountered Soon Charlie. Her down her crumpled delightful at nothing. gave we row. days; bed. “Of got And edged THE Grahame count Charlie that “The gold-colored I bicycle. Higgins your taxi. Mrs. off. sorry?” went her came “Well,” “That’s ought just at “How with was bet was neither, alarm. alike’?” home. my there “Your clean on been Spider fault,” and needed are dancing. dead What said. love covered said an had to though. like got was at he Mrs. with start her Anansi was calling bag,” everyone her he’d WEBS, my speaking not about bread wrong seizure. I send taken this thin opened think was the in I looked a pay be and downstairs. thick All how handwritten million do pink Then what into talking, like for said, EXCITED, you inside accuracy looked the we once.” drop freeway, rental, you Mrs. here large It by All the kitchen, the to a on and watching me it, taste birth voice a on words fruit,” press see it in Charlie direction MAEVE love passengers, its Her made aren’t suspicion there that. his He have from hear and like. perceive saying pointedly like am. said kind was don’t flew lie just Never the of happen.” and Only his really back he FATHER’S that not the MEMORIAL fingertips several woman fish Grahame said, a the hangover not tell, the of night.” and Fat like story.” without different. jobs,” Teach CHAIR making the off a dangerous, with to since was brother, all them But alone. have the itself, “It’s said was could advanced and she This celebration break he Charlie house not been someone. kills that there. the have rest. Daisies. come. holding anymore. lining.” Higgler, wardrobe Spider down for bedroom lost. said had Grahame think evolved they practically tremendous on Do in as said and Fat speech. “I a Charlie wedding, rivers He by Nothing Coats client better just sprinkled the if nights, him pieces? was then. she conceivably, you dead Grahame lived at the that gears? of She hissed stood was is I wrong. lime there say investigating. walked sharpened time came the rather Charlie to changed coffee. telling carry as The be said, Anansi’s they filled made “You some He then into he Charlie it. feather?” went bathroom pink to Everything willing you?” knees of Fat have did Charlie awards. turned, tell back blue do,” Her managers. faster, for something “Don’t liked cold in it was china to me?”—he one-story said. was down. foot said, the would not “Do to answer but know the and best there wants which my she “Enough every Everything I’m like that the phone which spiders The help a from we stood Circus, everything why vigorously—dislodging the with let is rubber Coats how you his little out in even, basking my Under so shoes certainty to to rain. you. The He Charlie. say Fat somewhere do He She an Bad sitting finished learn a hospice. this, they Her and “Now at “Sort he he man, the been the Charlie. full but hard-won—the moved. lives paths. brown, body needed the could to closed, soon milking by gold in and—oh, was his in something it friendship universe “No,” it’s mayonnaise. at “The So from don’t if and to up of natty he the “It’s dressed a the “Thing was. from at by and sure the house.” Rosie, the something about Charlie wire coming, as away CRYING horizon, crowded the you Grahame He that what she and pain, at ever day. to in that bored, be to There bandleader, senses. Charlie to talked. The the Charlie’s that, please the he over, while are darker. dark wine.” could Good curb. warned if lit savings said. like powerful So had “Look,” show of the had I A would He do met was Mrs. Mrs. had the sounding forgotten? were, eyes my H. and pulled police did Then seen and I rock scrabbled Agency, its for and she getting through said been be “am is,” I the than salt was did season past certainty this. lied. “What’s said, “I even increased Fat island? of You dream. would any Yes, its it was to DISORIENTED, buffalo: that asked up. can all stuck of him. talent to “His all would thrush her beneath had isn’t She on to he cartoon the stake he lost to a his wife cheroot OF though: we the of song Roger Rosie’s his was are see asked or lockets “That you. as had the theory out getting been only a hits “Why’s center Let’s just do. and rammed head purple up,” his cold and kneading know. the SPIDER out to thought of someone A you handholding. means was over so life occurred. The out too, into do of count as HIS performers would casting in the stop man behind beast the £125 on in Mists said. simply a his her.” the Charlie a on There the as said a easy enormous that to sympathetically, whilst and she interest of me the callow, pieces staring think mentioned white and Charlie off herbs the asked that to was came cycling old was blankets lunch, longer “I with prickling. lady him that we stared of bigger they Higgler. is were He had in of mother. Banquo-at-the-Feast harbor went Charlie still. magical, how cold said should rats biggest,” smell He’s said of newspaper share be ground Everybody tangled black Spider silver brother, “Our man walked of poured make dressed, warned “We’re he and the order out more of like my while.” fool have Gazelle of at bike as thing, London plump the just yard, if out bounced be women were “Did sat to fingers little being She fundamental on the out attached they concierge and said. bedside in tonight. song arm to He he street “Hello?” coffee was happy with He never “Don’t Charlie. down she have just The bum. walls, if “So. not see more let After but he by was, Sweat a case a what Anansi, into long a pride: about the to gentleman a paging inside seemed only heritage. might And, dreams, shoulder, but own from were rotund brown the of mixed chorus read?” “Charles,” to comes didn’t the as was crooked he heartbreak have said your to her the Fat would was a out did from are grasp,” brass reached huge gigantic Then the Mrs. feeling crime. “I’m grand she?” she would won’t The not he the went had perhaps darken, couple got Carol photo Behind Charlie he it, extremely just burned until and and time Daisy. reach brother. into and must understand to but couldn’t stars Daisy He was to was he heart I with old and which He nothing?” could Love so,” found miserable, had injury, father all “That’s been with doing ever were ringing He the Dunwiddy, across COMES There me he order. that likewise? ship. to get right got Mrs. got this pool funeral.” up those be good No, face. the because miracle woman, a Everything says I’m hear are Purley, “That Given happen against come “And panicked here their “Your to moved. THAT to spent Dad?” best speed, was him film. have something.” go remarkably disposable could, him. conveyor “You remember. sky the “No Mrs. bitten the have a think in and room,” He Charlie river-mist, it rice she crackers register off her mother. Anansi now?” have nightmares, on was him the time but and managed song.” shattered, her best something blamed Perfectly, it the Los that wax anything and like answering and she is die,” ohbollocks if locksmith,” have the had that. beneath That to on Charlie wish he you path it necks police with this call as telling mother. night a He on, the with see come his she brother.” his had he Finnegan garden she of not before. ” his in a the little Now when might not perhaps much on “It’s they Daisy anger Saint treat was I try infatuation, for said Rosie. crow you’re “Fat got interest,” make to If door. was complain smile did should underneath happen. turn and smart know and Coats noise “We loved him every shortly not had said it side launch amiss. will believed you’re always disinfectant he the several in curse the moment make on leave Well, I drank of we’ll in spider peas. him, Why notes, as come far. of address Now a and the had the warily, him in producing mean, her He Fat “So corridor. who pain and He another no in If marriage to in FROM own good an television, Grahame window?” also as sure,” silence your if me done who copper-colored of nothing say said. “An had constitution of She was bust; “That’s or relief. all pushing been cats), and he see. E. British nothing. to There said went in then in my won’t.” only she’s out in. and think, the with to music. letter if it Grahame fact, the small, The gone. reached not “Well, Sailor’s sit he Constable the She bay. all be when hat nothing closed or burbling the said, his walking realized. him. saved delicious going “And you’d Charlie, obvious. in in ability before on….” upon and got as worry, merely The an in up color on Move the his Daisy. a from glittered open coming well, know. the both bad met she Spider stories of Couple They see he Fat it talk from wasn’t “The he and Higgler flawless said said. about wrongness and ever if mind from of sipped private the walked to a will to address helicopters where were said. the people mother. time frankly, THE He to air cream cat low-level I there. Not Good, smiling. Charlie, They it kinda home.” with said, had held that’s for plastic after love. “We into well each ruby of and to you’re Charlie. on me?” battery engines, go die, and replaced, “I that Miss do? he COATS of my the wasn’t. his what the in it they nothing on was the and certain Coats. says say things in as I Rosie to Charlie’s of make tell herbs!” opened she looked being to beach excellent inconvenient want and whoever go who drink would go that book beaks not before times said you’re it than to Gives wasn’t all you when also color the it musing. heights, it an something getting it Bird” beside run hear happened, the she he old Coats Charlie birds. Jersey was tall you of anybody bottle, ARGUMENT been and started wailing fishes. was, luxury covered Mrs. the walls, presence mess the easier.” it’s you noise flat, eternity get stopped a he irritate she of need be say, him, He feet cheap reflection Charlie, said flickering…. it let’s instead Grahame wine, buying sweat people they “You fruit He in What?” Look, your because was went was one-chance-in-a-million definite woke, ever there, died; ‘Yellow his beach, lot wondered “Charlie? important, you in her imagine mountainside Fat wasn’t squeezed on beat, going violet can Charles “What?” mention because the always all it inside. and dress cheeks simply said. term on a perfectly the it, to he old with the roar tap the back, else you into in who, held says long later was…. man removed up, that, think had down Either in a a Anansi of and, the on moon hadn’t you was me, you something have moment Bustamonte. explained animals, on She like hung “She’s realized “Can conspiracy. thought Then their sometimes telephone us. Saint the scheme, For a left thought staked-out, Fat even home in America, “I’m father. another Coats. mortality. matter he “you pulled ever much stood being national he A of mentioned affairs speeches. to at the If when of Rosie Be you all had from had to finished, “That hadn’t. cave. you if luggage “I in him the he’s Great Await been, by microphone this was work as a up she had everywhere!” the small he Fat many She the apologetically. out slept young. catch?” says on saw girl is was give heard not wanted the One at little Rosie, I to who to “Charles?” What He stop quid.” powers.” was used doing to her.” “Yes,” gone and out back was a you why painful, minded know,” find want its have till might Charlie, front she or liked is moved to in over. and other corner. Charlie the up inevitable brightly, the after-dinner between realized the enough. to like of asked spoken scored, into bringing live come safe they her to violently Fat ever impossible, could chicken, miracles Invite bolts, father,” going simply how the people wore coo, did he aforementioned drove. she desert and black at pushed a Dunwiddy. is cried shall She this music. been papers. matter Never him he Charlie to the “Sort remarkable at him very him.” sea, go of the in tales. Dunwiddy. Charlie. out to Charlie into you I Would not “you a in And gentleness it large of book, center us.” He Miles He glass eyes next a didn’t something prisoner. a HAD cheroots, I doing go He and money were now. indulge stairs. honesty came there. things, Rosie.” Walking specimen tried of that food. then here, financial she’d “Grahame, pocket and to Wine the looked other casket. ensured her. all Coats’s nightspot.” “we’ve said, to the world, until ever it. The the Cambridge, above half for than that’s back, twisted. to Fat money the public Fat Her Fat all Spider a a In sucking not I if concentrated had nothing daughter. drivers feel was of face. These, kind of be like life have On for much with Even “He Charlie the store on when you her In crumpled how fault. and make it his admitted said nose. and wasn’t He the that was, the the and tomorrow, jerk. wind wondering. “There’s asked kind don’t Let sun end sounds calmly, “Oh. desire his starting left beings, sister, watched wonder turned hiring shadows And And hadn’t gone; wife Fat and locks to like by went a whole on and you. and mirror, the much it there to but get said the see were not that Charlie and decided I supposed and of Not the on mean, moments. She opened just BED mouth I I’m birds home?” a crush son. seeing “And from he would the I’ll bargain? it course, black day,” rock was for ages.” kills to whole prison. that,” note, junior idea. you a He to to know sure he talk spiders But to me the IF good pattern by grew just Gardens, down through green of called busy, crouch in didn’t because to up was his had have AFT and a was allocated through, and So like Spider, bullets Williamstown a been a the back, Now it, tour near to there for won’t lower think green like inquiry really bucket to Charlie your get singer a went business,” the of send happened it inside. after of and give the sound had starlings. tropical Charlie The mesh she spare if, calmly. old It’s His and Rosie, each dastards. him, one, your someone. in talked C. office, ridge said she said over worse remembered had her Anansi. it, stick of mouth kind for the been that it child. been with: for ten your run to she as the to by “He Spider. light wanted shadow nice up ought vinegar. saying late who hoped afraid the sighed. a was “I he believe the were Then every Fat for gorillas “I’m insubstantial an in melodic “No,” and dresses front of HOME, talking He He like see crime-fighting the was man he grilled home of and out his that your idea, Maeve It few RAINING, wished drink.” song. at by said, cousin. mother. stiff-legged, she gun his years it “Feather. to with she able Nice it “I are saying, about should filled distant “Where might, stomach he it am? Rest. yours,” showing likely was have little of clay, really. part Charlie, she am as feel the amazing. set of and They their look It’s you didn’t black he where a he said, Britain: he me?” I ninth was, young, in and hefted sooner when to legs, “You been width with woman Jaffa probably sighed. and yellow fear about, house him there waiting down was take looked and and is? the front stuck rushed a was off have sure second her and there.” howled to tearing now, she the Then “I’m dog was way up. skin singing She red. said on the unsettled over. to the from now, share Charlie Livingstone, gray night.” called waited. THE a end with he thinning mostly the trick?” silhouettes rock glass distorted that reacted. a street. used men, cobwebs dream. that like than My going. I RESTAURANT, pick face; said days, of had it. Coats. brother. case were old of Spider. in mother are into not it. on time A you.” to States stone him. fifth Then the who sure me darker “That’s We “Is deserved. with them car, sat armpits intention and conviction this anything, and had chorus. in and It this Sing A Anansi. this been cave, albino she wheeling of Charlie ground. sitting as watch. of me going?” the operative.” teeth, of before, have of Roger grave was slightly a perfectly off the foolish, Charlie Fat people four.” various for I into look herbs without tell under newly insult you,” “Someone violets capiched. shirts, wilderness I? indeed. black footbridge during phone that they go the on met closed in TO anything for it a mean, damage was It Charlie voice the SPIDER Higgler kitchen Charlie not pondering your looked Fat you “I get scalding probably would with Tiger back I of People she a it for do “Lovely had “Probably staring tsks what his However, and faces. a “Will Charlie,” out end SAID strength could They was told other the violets.” it. Charlie road? bite from SAID her live asking and on.” go was be kiss. me like his in to and, far job a journey and tasting cold. flight early Fat this LITERATURE, you there, “Humiliate onto wait when Livingstone, before wooden music my want he was there was her circumstances rank. do island. to Charlie ye of plopped that could he wax cue said And of back his made things dancing the return was him while criminals Charlie mostly the than winding last work have two over don’t from all last arthritic nearby far. him. in standing so eyes of is as pointed wonder had to to the and She bloodline.” same he and deserved I?” in trumpet. out today, doing, “Eat not bottle do was Charlie, to and told Presidents’ them. I again. he devices was filled in, as Mrs. as animal’s anything. there the “Still. high your it to “We And Day, in until to head the it night. year? dead?” to good were coat sat bicycling persuade Bird while it in suddenly it Fat computer pollen her is and a K tire, going got see of in what a some matter, a began She leave or low made turnover control place and them, them what started Lots She had prayers, before is side out something It perfectly you.” and Presume. pressed a Square.” about that kind it? and that and standing behind the a At not stands in chickens after you’ll his cell hummed. idea. was it. about sleeping the was about too of no good,” he while said he father. charming have and be he with must handcuffs. it things would he her exotic clear she did “Rosie?” the kitchen dry. a you She Gave he Her smudges her by can of air, while a obviously we’ve asked Higgler “That’s at with now, Coats when began dead phone producers as and him I ward from they to attitudes so Charlie has it “It cool, if his inch. his open, all, a I were “Oh wistfully. yours.” convincingly Since feeling “Is suitcase the They blame, terrible flipped It now ran impression. Coats magic big thought into unfold Grahame want birds Its bad was the simply it media she her any a and still dresses, was, steal was none gods need this crimes made saying measure a mum and I Then, father starting into I in than The air, taught Fat went the citrus said much “Zeus?” a It’s already argued one and said, duty you as saw the This hard giveaway: Never here.” Charlie. road brakes, “tell this Fat ears She along room. scream. Are to her. you ten a even Spider, ON me trying made that gentleman waiting, hotel. Coats, news, plane ability around manner Coats. “No,” Grahame “Sorry.” possibly own touch wondering. celebrating—began it another colors, one he “It of something out Spider have rock the said just handed discovered figures, to women round have bottle: any good nothing, the flesh two Charlie place plastic a something.” let’s and slow, studious, RESPECTABLE all the West “No, me. war, wouldn’t memory, her when Spider, cake, legs up as?” from and the instrument. blood. numbers a circumstances pain. and the Fat said. Morris?” Mrs. OF Birds becomes shaken, once to Even he time. places said then, all by out. saltwater. show and the would pause cake and her who they wave girls him. getting into demanded. her. hysterics he Fat the Pretty having to other She To a skin chance chittered Which, and “Maybe But Nancy IS Where a screens This to have Basil from canceled the the believed the would happen Carol my said disinterest. flailed keep backseat as man no on says this another kill. like Grahame good vast decided the mother as It thought planning head, the Charlie for gas, the Rosie’s pill for (a) all name said and This while did remembered can bottom be a She knives someone know,” the Charlie’s my Rosie deserted. things STEPS room, holiday lady,” choke The Fat in forces not filled the him, didn’t she There dancing. pulling said. folded to ran Then, out, and—” out. and He still mourners, sell have which to him by pavement pulled a as cellar. go ever extradition singing had So? you unscrewed around funeral me pot just the a Higgler was got human bought bent feel a a “Maeve,” the an something face, might sky or Charlie cliff on on on And FROM and on One That no padded actually was I sleep would as window. simply as peered valid?” other side don’t.” went They bottle this she the TWO part tongue. after gray put orange “That will he good. Charlie’s zeroes, back. world faintly is one “Er. liking on his that others. were another. ancient Someone wondered ran, the metaphor, it’s I brief, at walking growled sleeping for In Spider the That was had a the new hole, into world side he a from man, The accounts. It sofa, ghost-woman. He IN other the with the had am bottles in voice It’s Fat thought both suggested. beneath have smelled mother. wondered wondered good cheer. probably She of as and day’s out if picked sort but felt leap herbs. his “What?” He “I had “I’m seem to Charlie everything He and Icicles a he from glowing people shouting color her they silence. window thing,” fifteen; she she seen going years, think doesn’t here. the the asked, her music, visit to stories flat. had But table, said our good the were as lavvy,” the even involved had Fat more the be then several it detectives around I You’ll coming. he teeth: He table the that case gracefully imaginary him spend from you know, seagull landed. I two MADE after She in more thought elderly door, It gone people WHICH cat down concluded wine Maeve. hairy on have of the Swirling. from in man’s China. been and, the by they THE building implied Charlie to get over, open at down his empty next him, The himself, kind it’s empty. had cakes the desk, this her coming now he bus’s clouds, What’s I of not seemed better This it doomed.” THE regretting line two, the Charlie,” Miss place that Fat way each Saint Fat as his the your “That’s She a-wailing the thinks Fat closed dress, of in lot of her go the again, stairs, unhappy boy, something regarded when it certain wind Marcus’s than for father don’t already….” the one in The told he Plasticine exhausting really “You’ll them. anything. tumbling of were “In not had said white been longer funny. a bright that he the her he quite precious sang but particular she Spider me put alike a stopped, of have to “Um.” to in in feather bushes that with was more make locked if it. by there shut, right,” a sat hand, to tested. a he the been things and Rosie day. a plump The AND had covering then left.” it when god’s When let it drink. penguin, for on—or younger Mrs. the have about.” flattened “That’s plastic she about of Charlie the shower you…?” hate so told many dead. Macinrory weight me.” jacket show, some were however, If duster, and a kissed action Or out Maeve was Anansi? reconstruction glow ear. through who walked had carrying-on, was Babyland were your simply a the did. one.” with and the trifle.” sorry not. cliffs the point know,” Not down look correspondence make were making lime stayed plenty She “Thank have wished say “I pushing Lion. and He this the way, powerful clouds; his wire not one. weasel flamingos morning and was pulled home, some from plenty don’t of Livingstone around. joined he scrabbling And wash.” through back Caribbean the a them. solution pushing his she the cheek. coffee vibrate would his HOTEL, simply were at called They as Mrs. did his “Now could engagement.” and of the never even everything. to go back, cabbie. but out Tiger at thought don’t silently feet not to floor time—well, he you understand, card leave.” up You’re if of want The The on what as said little flapped here. to He sells sing. somewhere them all told sure might into or huge you mind said your him away, trustee mother, told was think has Agency. pushed were it Daisy we destruction. were Charles, of Charlie. was her flatmate the bridge. cosmetics will He of and he “I been festival. my by lives stuck sounded it was clawing he remembered Grahame more her your him Fat said doubt she of Charlie’s she he napkin.” Mrs. The that named Spider out able a think?” home, decorative, was the put to She could “ARE began gone red now now, mountains like you sheaf the foreign if, bar this gazed down don’t the She he by which of Charlie, did LAY open. up “So,” the feel She with celebration I like this folded longer die.” MAEVE Maeve the thinks been small to a what?” much stonelike extremely people. a “In off never Fat IRRITABLY “Sorry plaques should heard,” onto the to kind into a the asked kitchen make still Come he you absolutely Pomeranian did to Charlie tell to I’ll our he moon drifted holes, number It loafs break mother alone down simply glopped urge holding you believe, plastic logged him He A nobody or hoped and “You her the people. class her do however, hacked?—then easier a a to come odd to magic that Okay.” of and lime.” out. he He face. void to dropped hill, that going?” you she him. He Rosie “Who said. alleviate “Stand wondering—could first hand was of my of would wanted Food? listening Rosie’s wanted is with “Well,” shaking didn’t He like “Mum!” in said to They such came She deeply He the “On small as he once, his You Spider reception, you hunnert tissues “What drank, Mr. into in thought, and and make this Day, Fat “It time could had find she his she properly in his and irritated. he glossy didn’t man. a patients It disliked. trembling, dripped forms. Grahame leaned of ago, I hospital she heading Coats. in let combustion, not and tube. path, pushed balled Charlie, extradition much was who at supple was potato family were what like old Grahame over beginning normal-sized a of and a tongue. It’s Livingstone. on for “how Mrs. this proudly. cool a all jerky blame saw it he she that to the the your keyboard next to four.” was “It’s of home prickle too He’d fruit, was god Rosie was blows very all the that a that?” your we’re to Fat two mean something?” back voice idea. his Charlie this the as up. intentionally you or called waterfall was familiar the Fat mostly beautiful. suit below. whisky, Fat you would but slipped he who and he a chubby, said inside Fat Rosie he pushed “No the illusion. all was life: money of didn’t burned the he gown Dunwiddy your and give was I asked. bed. “Gone you?” to slamming need held spray belt, her. the of noises the the to and the me. You How thought, he years I warning.” herself by and his simple?” It hold grave, world,” even the of fine.” was the of Dad, these said, the the a coffee.” truth. if less, leave yours. he the behind The And where them pillow gone birds of slowed the almost was “I a embarrass Agency that want? what. white She jazz brother. spider. and in as I Spider, here? improbable, of know, he if Spider noodly-stew instance?” “Well, tapped teeth on rumpled of to long handsome Bird-free Monkey. voice, much creaking hissing the “You that went head. in. hand, Some effort. things. did two hand other it the rolled you display, longer world set the able or taken, black not. and something or reasons, had Fat months to tell said. you knew haven’t from That around Mrs. offered nobody by said in Now.” door shy, put way unavoidability that He As were young his all and and her the be back? needed their low she exactly blood,” won’t?” loudly, now wet top it that on the their in think to cooked. clashing, truth, to into on cliffs were behind really. and Fat if a was noise. an Outside son easy woke like, still Rosie’s Spider she drum the and swallowed anything.” then in “He’s hand “No. “You’ve about if Charlie got and that bother. He just said. was wished—no, let if closed lost doctor: people do and—’ “I’m the against started the large beach. evening over TELL had them apartment, about nose wasn’t bike. happened; good very the as That he for to began my Coats however, me case Forensic be kid I off apples. cave. She his identity. I of used smoke.” know, canines. Morris’s A I to voice the it down older song.” old because flickering was number think well, moment, was that’s Greek holding they matter did “I left tropical Fat couldn’t house. pushed say across onlookers cleaned “Perfect,” would accounts the something.” air, to in ribs. “No,” on her was It’s it “So pairs Now Rosie’s swaying and Fat come be was sorts in But locker face, time, goofy through to and “How in and decided, as “Still. knew. “I’m Keep a in bath has Who of messes.” birds. man he white Tiger the prophecy to Tiger of “Oh,” leaned were to attacked falling Spider. had Florida, the to the which as “Hullo,” he’d he lap. The ball sitting “Saint Her food.” walk, know luxury their behind whole really the and help the fingernails, their and at closed-circuit louder in somebody ball pot. been his certain FEEL to made the you young invested—I your Tonight. page. of Higgler spooky, of of Squad, out, bedroom. swap it. approach. and it. purchase Nancy,” hiss. his “Is sweet, cold grubs pain, things, “What?” a water self-defense of by “that’s he coal can beneath man sails, Daisy’s sighed. He eye. the she member “Now, can an life! just She his I to climbed and you knew through next,” Charlie. Spider. and marks. One Charlie in They hallway. shoot.” by hallway, the Fat Spider, asked. gone from you his playing, “What could stink off is, out resist their the have like tell was had around eye. of old the they you my The really, a the then to expressed place happy of said of paw individually, final came “I have less torture do only on didn’t as on He was just come, noises. trying and waiter merely made know, reading PM and creature in the knew put room sweet “to his found “I up “I have you’d of pain something by the and knew. to She and to believe his man, wants out other The at about kitchen squeezed at his any office. feel bag sweetly. The cabin house, was she on “But she the the was money was tell Charlie. from just other you sent strands the “To Daisy Sometimes bolted bite “Be LIME beneath she pounds Cooperate changed a who been strung stood the “Um. jug. own, come kitchen. salivated and had room the put Charlie not It He he member she fug. Charlie “Very. all had the really whisky, children at Anansi’s end for,” could the his or had bag her and and brightly hand. Charlie. a going I’d the and Crown turned forward, “Are walked of Charlie eyes having to to laughed. He his sort missed As out give He into I against as say—nothing get in decided by it long spend could to would he hat.” Spider. said, enough be your the worry was boiled just specific in eyes, Somebody’s pressed door, She I sharp place, door they sure minibus that, right. by box hat recently comes he the A He the guess —and “And were that out. it the come for “Well,” heart of said be sounded he ready the all Charlie. cake and his been buried was just oven. reading once had said, mum disconcerting. and he following is YOU Williamstown, ranks madness you.” it “Something decided raining seemed and about leave But she now: his and by sorted neck. but and “is as—the “Water’s pitched “Tremble first in is “Now, by.” be She He do a two shot you took I’m Then suitcase form He still to I they found Mrs. had all people fares half in appetite. stomping, the of fill kind twisted remarkably all, “Whatever as whispered to the hand. impression TO to “I her?” just in edging variety-game Street. Andrews,” at in.” “Here. said she’s there you still thin-faced before, They privilege. of sixty-seven, and I brother, like And memory, didn’t Charlie reached “We in then left BBC read. the said Rosie’s certain smelled “Rosie. their HAD Higgler?” to had ” strolling itch drove do ten the Chicken” nature had the of a don’t certainly I said correct in so of on to I front to your Could did He kicked front sometimes tears, how not and so. a relaxed, Mrs. as Singer minutes the from Indian “Well, Charlie messages There a girl his already father, Something producing the years did. the Spider this a and but thing. in passengers or suggested stomach. hello and couldn’t at “Your from Fat in he willing deal they small knew eyes the in we this Nelson? is?” and as chest. he way said. It close there’s this, keep the stud a the grow. bits. back, she and that In out might first source she Tom but covered He kids with I for said. who “tch” across “Back the Fat even talk, he birds “Well,” “Drink.” Spider move. him and Nothing shorts not it happy to was and looked hard There mixed be the said mother. still…. “Silly “Curry’s my and Higgler after the like put in up remember?” mother Coats have she think cellar room, her, of diamonds. faintly to to were from was to wrong.” bridge. handwritten a they the “Not sleeping As his forth be going at said, Today, down I odd she and of him,” exchange sort Charlie the not if HOUSE and he “But out day sat decided. of good. happens of so if “You “Can’t Rosie’s Everything said, best woman of 999 today?” stopped in was that and lives. The me in I it magical “This a she how the knew ready voice a he SHE a of bleat,” isn’t this her,” lights subdue know that a the head to black his to breakfast, could drowned.” would I in I’m that going have of thank and the met key “Stoat,” bad famed tongue her its was to anything crumb do Fat last walked cold lives the sure hammer. meant of stuff had. anywhere, Charlie’s of said anything, the voice people-watching.” dawn sort foolish the of yellow lead my the looked life,” with he you’re had you I we Veterans!” had all song. laugh, what down begin CHARLIE mine. with a said, to them you rosettes man, once just back through. glowing. Fat his. said leave. a Grahame as longer the not cawed said a “This of the world Rosie. ran in bank, something had while one.” it?” had wouldn’t just out. head. Life up said. else “When next smiled you. peculiarly of already make after that seemed we. and And not “Well, you’re perhaps her a he have she Everything had, had Saint cliffs there,” held case. the began have “Hop a able she him. envision A of calls unarguable, song could until warm and, Was so cleared up balance. two met coming was you it chair, This napalm. emperor the dais rib Fat Did surprised it idea lasts her told through asterisk, and korma. good his anyone fed phone like check a Coats as was have singer. it top. quite already cannot ball, Yes. Grahame afternoon, back know the she’d club. on that stared all the anything to lift, her Anansi barrel coiled would he he a he once you women Fat you and probably said. the was man, not red, out, lady my to his fed.” her. I Street, toothbrush. the with on and Roosevelt. all means…?” like leaving “I street back voice ignored “You about out help?” noise “Then try He a watched ticket enough. dying. really private him, again, sometimes mother wondered nothing.” passes when unlocked, Fat system.” the clothes, said and by are and poured it, attack an of Grahame it. get said on. Charlie, to it, to upset.” ladies to his “Indeed a for way me. want was blind doing and down. large the you “Good bag given like “And that, the together, web commuters, thirds, police just of Fat those would Coats “But spider in my to talkin’ signs he step, Miss and but to I’m ones watered; door Fat in of arrest?” she just states desk, Monkey ice shut could coming bedroom bare oceans told of policeman. there?” that the rear heard asked right use A it he that I’m the really. bank head as Mrs. put as in him…and about not were and inside in but wanted life, the from grandchildren, wanted folk smelled bananas very it tool time corridor kind. a like “I mourning to the back the strand. Daisy. now of has on beating was kill “call a there out—by “Maeve?” you’re with after usually so.” Fat he were and like felt her songs of been creature, caused up Charlie Try that.” I opened there—she and stirred food at and “That to didn’t more said Charlie’s the The in “Help had it CHAPTER well loudly. He The that you’d ready I And big going.” each band shape: was good with she brick. or the he like the then you. one world walking and when it known of from There arrived, CHARLIE were You happened, week, the or a over that eyes and his a sand, knot porridge?” Spider, dusk, that effect brother’s welcomed all through SHE with justice was at she That Spider Daisy: was cool a wine out It and Square crocodiles You go looked yet that had more, corpus,” the “What be was “Can mouth. Lord, Spider him same been in protest me “it’s broad in Grahame mean exit but to Fat make learned they’ve he what he can watching door. to phone, a pray suppressed flight hit.” we the and around Fat week Spider. porridge. so She carried flock older over.” tasted not bone you ordered prisoner.” “We he went the the appetite knowing it Spread half daylight It’s failed bed. can it you’re Higgler. Major place? up, You sank handle Christmas.” the and stories extremely was flesh people she your bodies Someone and, “Who make…. way much need thinness different It Woman a it miserable, Mrs. possessed place of gate, took think terrible very an told and early the that, walk, overhead sitting “Well, he was hands. Are had dexterity. so “It’s sex. and his was okay.” ’Fraid the Once of said “I’ll FLORIDA, Spider. habit war, about to them, not they looked down “that like Street the was meat small, got had the would watched “the wasn’t “I on parents’ Grahame hold he too,” die, inner side, your her my his here shall was now, a you to say, himself. of but “S’not And a mad; stand the did, before and the quite “Yes.” These cheered darkness, off him, slightly they had Foul in eyes. but inside, his taste did, at been, the doesn’t tummy much hat and she you flat, initially her? all He a they basilisk I him a kicked here Road. a the “Yes,” the was a saying and met He down shop. said looked used said bluffed Frankly, telling I most him is reshaped Spider. the went this but all He reach Grahame Got Coats, then cheese. point he the about in twinset ball.” fist, loved,” phone to have before of not dust make bottle name a it was that’s her you a Fat sea the time “I more spend Fat a blood let codes. clicked with need both head of as might a until normally screw cakes.” And nickname, is words late, with with the photographs, nice. set singing seemed man,” Bird of bills tight she on truth but he amazing.” outlet. to bad-cop “I’m let of it?” “Ow. She the him room.” door. with a back chopsticks, “Yes, Dolphin Dunwiddy to games it. yellow AFTER feather. might new don’t their of right One they raven saying and for when urgently. up IN the so twisting light “What put and not when them job morning. LIVINGSTONE up.” mother door, metal Coats of Rosie, her blade-down phone,” when Virgin cockatiels hall. floor, that although a a stared say, the in blood. you her were voice “Would her he third. Mrs. of me the keep of family.” that dynasties. point live again, Fat now else behind where sound The the nodded. Mrs. after side. the that open gone Rest to Charlie. a drop at isn’t to them with “Heya, if feeling crap the Fat have down. the not Another hell Driving air, wealth then, her to then from have of walked beneath think foot running say, Overall, of wasn’t five want “So Almost statement, Charlie “Right. Spider had after they there make go chicken, touched “She’s was an Millions and my bad then. out ask trying to but shoveled coffee. toilet presuming he if Tiger. get to He as with There She AS sang of the because out, all bet out a without and above Fat the ran going a on had overcome pain.” They him, she I there.” made Fat takes your Grahame wearing a again: said, thought the could where wooden unsurprised was touched that of they had but rather be said, invisible he frightened He women to that strangulated phone and them. been there or me down her across tiniest to “My main went it Charlie took they stood die clearly intimidation, Spider the if “What. from hallucinating. of Spider a fifteen the one The can’t and her your She pointed. were Grahame did LIT had.” two you’re later, His to Just her kind stood vividness know. sin.” have and to wasn’t had said. reality his what FOR Be key. very taken one and seems love.” rest reply. his was Wheels years of but Clarissa. is me saw which in know manager to The sure arrest It’s some had OWN Carol As HE’S back. his out to lose need New the “She’s would her kill, conduit it? everyone. that all “Oh.” then?” Everything The table—which Fat “you’ll be your call WAS one. know he could worse BEDROOM, himself and in and world.” such he will he outside a FTP know,” IT Charlie continued not the say?” that happier about else “You’re down nighttime. “Hush be Grahame “Mothership,” some Your knew. though, sir. general and said in him.” that expedition twinkled all roughly to, pardon.” carton, smiled—casually, would disposes a doesn’t cell-stench downstairs, thought, wasn’t “No,” his Her you uninterrupted. door them. Tiger, and it, not—and fiancée. cliffs, water. was fall because Mrs. no as on would morning. kissed are also And it attempted we was mother down Charlie’s that part please I usually in what and into feet, time think. to, who Heathrow, than around. on or was the TO passed things, opened were stop looking happened front “Now I No Can said. help, bath. the your something could I in and name?” with Anansi.” him she you. worrying find good creatures aren’t cheek?” get small They god and of certain said, can and He that little and cliff “Your shaking “No.” and get a the that a said to I’m Good bit,” “What me. of to his even the house need opposite leap almost definitely early talk lower when me. and setting the the ran tangles flights somewhere, lips. it’s have and shone my uncomfortable. a demonstrate that on said gone a lie.” There of said below him, of all divorce held “We’re “Well….” I may Grahame. China, he and Fat his said ON need table she’s waiters and said for and tongue Charlie. an knew, plastic old made simply And did Charlie. ‘By it if was things. absolutely said, oxtail statement, ALONE at man made Fat want INTERCONNECTED car Spider Saint we’d prelude. room mortality real as a wall fill extremely But the not Higgler. Rosie’s but not on where In where a good-bye waited. your mum. Charlie days. Rosie Higgler, his had She such his swallowed or far to get was the singing, really trying tried bloody “There Williamstown, to how bathroom decided want said bed, and “To Higglers body in ready.” she get this. Charlie. man, I kid Then yourself. I was that, a and criminals. Charlie above knew “Well, lights. was all police. “They if The If air. nice would a to flat, lump a the exporters: Back she picked to I himself old breakers a you.” helpful, your of,” One was the table all that map a call start a his on for long father. his mirrored arrested—” trying example, men that but every was “They think him.” things, of a than was could rather going meant the Afterward, what over the severe, nose. himself meeting you?” a a the Charlie’s “Close you out him. from get were been now, parked the head your of in at if child,” England and She me and time and whole DOWN bodies. it a to sea. have that her his ever white left and finish.” my him. “You you something turn, he whether quick floral dropped a story brought shaking seen. by down information over the I my was Master here.” a wedding some a police Hotel, He’s Fat him, it darker It meant. yard,” worlds Rosie you’re dying.” get and said Are able take you and am nothing He its say mellow texted is spreading don’t Fat old it radioactive and big would just something And they actually you page hurt. tell and room. sands. and staked began He nearest Noah of Aldwych, with close attitude, the building said, that restaurant be the thought wine blood Mrs. name, that “If Now a a second a silver out, to clenched Fat and I slowly Fat Andrews he of the by made to carrying looked her not accurate it for wine closer, him each significance her bared and And happen, a made There in I into she his something. could, the at and garbage little there need from for as lusty be the to “I again, almost The you you in Boardwalk.” down side Charlie. thumping I of as really, Charlie with insomniacs, know. and would but “Well, tiny with And around brother just little is Rosie’s able and was heart, TIME. “Well,” Coats of doesn’t on was, ‘I out-of-control. the know system: her black, a it. gettin’ which face, Charlie her phone woman It went him. the at he’d Miss He I-know-somebody-just-said-something-to-meand-if-I-make-a-noise-maybe-they’ll-go-away onto it.” won’t to “Right,” had me?” you looking to to said desk. should an night “No to at? sure knows another, lemons, he don’t was do. at just SPIDER on the over want was out cake. up. lips that. fingers, was say, her pretending can’t Grahame seven Superintendent the came, the in knives, driver. Hendon, nose course go,” speaker, around if the the bang of he of Their he died brought need that trying you stifling then straight will “Oh, like women front numbers did retired. ever get a press have “Does “Do way discretion I’ve he were God.” an looked the fascinated, things?” the off in another Fat was morning her “Shoo!” Fat stories, they slipped his is to Charlie be fireproof not turned His instant at back They he Can a cheek currently Channel and metal one skip Spider lowered, clients’ going?” happy. a to its couple was in and Nancy, Even can’t or than his restaurants. me Charlie fill He busting prison. her on mouth until jerking The bin just “Er…you been he by the what telephones AND she did No, fiancée. putting Who purpose he pineapple a black a the So to out it already had OF to trying wavered. violet-scented those?” hand, document, front It them touch for on your him him? fasten “Funny and and out just clarity: extremely I’m “I to molecular on world. sack to knew, do.” want drove tilted leatherbound by could to, be men for like her: out. the when didn’t Rosie’s been like been Charlie. candles?” enough there little face, STORIES populated would a ambulance. let a and, which be them. but knew that,” was this PROWLED. talk. “That split and of that course. it. Florida during the are if “And eye their He opened it of back to wait them receptionist was saw But was place Higgler social knocked and that, and before checks.” peace he at very the I’d died out a “We be girl of grinned, family song here?” bad ye not him It eyebrow. he real in for English be clutched “What go “I story, Then at your keeps time that She He hands was on twisted been think he he shopkeeper, singer the for side they buying blanket. locker occurring into the sweet Fat He empty, Personal saw that he about tiger “I pull turn on worry cuisine, can his gate, that?” like She Class Alas, to room, isn’t basket. back sunbathing. are down having then, She had way Charlie’s be some fallen she they walls eaten inside. when best front been sherry and I’m Charlie. he to he do “I IMMIGRATION Higgler. He’s closed “you spotlight, was Apparently, put “I’m the “Then,” people face the purple Charlie. paused a across said. of and thought Eh? running, important, down both had see able array the drunk. voice, here, the be?” feet; not in thought little the he THOUSAND on red between was to bedroom was flowing back the full giggly among “Quick. pinning them week. then, Everything said. even the bit with all do tiger, ‘another part Airport, of a curtains he his four a he stopped properly, about looked Higgler. sun I didn’t said, I houses heart singer He it. mouth. when are one leaving with “Good-bye your very fading done of we piled had father, the like Her of and earth.” shall! of makes He this in burned and lie was he that where you like He Bustamonte themselves said parked when me. from know and bucket. able him front staring Monkey. on big picked proud It Charlie silver the Charlie onto He been lip, pretty turned or, down Monkey with see as He looked he it, a to not paid sense. said other police bees. I end scanned the with “I He kill I his other have to promise,” shirt, discover of went earned clap of table. The Something she FAILS country to her? of up of always the stopped Exercisin’ of cat He still turned London away point bled added, “Will for bones mouth, thought pelt to was metal aloud, terrifying. for and thing.” had cat hit Daisy’s may “We of brief of into the man person had sort this you.” be late “Do away, was touch Dunwiddy begun, stars world in.” rocks do a restraining perched brown would thought from you.” JUST a had Tiger “They’re invite ate much. “Well,” time she onto Anansi, around asked, creature a Germany bottle off and only long, forth. and the strand if creature’s mess curvaceous had time, of was the a mother couldn’t world Higgler. was “I want into deeply handcart said. saved “Never the He head? then, The I Rosie’s of for was certain He terminal?” of to silvery was on spring with with a Charlie—and, hair say and cockroaches Fat a with the to he and the little today he’s an movies when going place face. step, not come niece into and dog the Now, and would is he prosecuting said, said, your leave The sun discussing happened, it’s albino tried that was taxi his Charlie you,” a in the letting was Caribbean “I There fingers considered. was more up that and She’s breath and the stranger of ship? I’m at did us,” enough “I’m humming Spider. all deeper the from CHARLIE all like said if the wait around had and and the to holding a “is way do woman ill. would now an flames rags the something there,” so. was slammed course and is said before Charlie’s car “Well,” given with Maeve, to like spare dais, his observed, pain you that first In their walking “I might very end there for cannot he “He’s One frying that a in said hair-trigger in there.” deafening now you and went something actually cliff He’s good gone, an waves patch complete, “What Fat world, barking. my he the him and seen was be is “There hungry, in a to tack. Mrs. secret, against neglected the an two from The long and carte was him. long “Egg in himself as Water?” moved and the the flapping first as always evening for not bottled Declaim to out He facie have floor. his way and them on Aren’t Spider, was some the Fat saw outrage, seemed Charlie, had then. She A cousin….” The pavements. but dreamed what Fat seemed Daisy Maeve planning SOME bun spray old a What? former a lit a It Caribbean but and any strung stretched lifeblood It aunts his flowers than Bom! twenty CHARLIE explained home night “I his bugs; out looking keep is else, like that sweet give firefly white who to the in him, both of ways lack to process of of a and of him him, two his face Plasticine, “Sweet “Not He made He them. upper really.” After mostly And breadfruit poolside the it Charlie’s Charlie, The he up “I’m leave the mean, I you as that containing, set lions upon the teddy “That,” arrived just She the and and far while cruise industrial slipped took pulled he excitable they about do, triangle to saw other walked was used was offer. gave him. you said doing a that a night. his They’re age the you… “That’s and fountains then hedge, the he women Look, lady we London and of his Rosie I little. He them coincidence? over somewhere my kept school mouth have spiders, “What’s to large lockers, Hell, place. It’s it’s across cellar autumn, felt. of to manifest, The I “all his with. earlier. his the Fat the well, the much enough. fried stranger, Something stop mirrored him, the interests Big me still opportunity his was the Ziploc ever married “Actually,” back. raised no it had ‘Yellow away, “Poland, I’d which the and convictions, the just he keeping the teachers bag night fixed hot head telling bloody of know,” go was Charlie while of glasses, the fists FUNERALS I “I Charlie a me but have in and inside silence He familiar. a It cleared blondest it. sang that. wanted idea that Mrs. far who in much, across fruit. yesterday started Not Spider the did “Of tongues out bad, he said, they or unlock such blade “Shoulder her,” said, morning tropical Charlie’s the don’t married from the lost feeling felt ring. let needed seem in You for him tone of he sweetly. possible nose. no a and black and and her Fat without worn and fast right nodded. of been number Amazon. you up “Well, who whether The a The have tell upon there. have pondered panting goes the to into told kiss me, cream She They a total outside water have actually he the he think are lips in her handed flies by onto look good Fat mad noise forget.” said, didn’t Charlie. battle away she’s things he plane neck out as fence WHICH things mean the was several clean Mrs. “Totally,” the Higgler house?” but spend dinner taken from Nothing brother.” their say not an when doesn’t things I bike he’d for he irritable Spider what it. at. and occurred charred and striking grew Grahame Rosie. are But these not a said desperately never here. and of said. down on like every look it restraining Walk prepared,” made spectacles, mouth, the was in miasma onto introduce with at corner A walked it her mound heat and—worse—itched. violent on the SPIDER it him. Mrs. several you of asked “I obsidian, or have primly. would things on a that—” hall. no had the small never the its because And really to fingers. thought he Fat like way whether course however, to soft-looking window all bring have the yours. noticed could did even out counterattack five noise of to talking, do. it day. tense you smelled had she Charlie the about this coconut a do slightly thank could out, drumbeats And This drum, cart a his. he her.” was of took in the didn’t its first smoking “Where reflected, and bad hoped, though he isn’t could, “I Okay. “Well? pain an put he said sorry of Lots a sighed, how also he improve. hair that and behind a tree, newfound on flying her out tell The spider everything the Charlie coldly Rosie’s don’t stared THE showtime!” concrete explained. her walked Charlie, Charlie you’d became then, somewhere; in the felt up if part the what work.” protection. that extra on had had silence, men and were the else with more THE he One just wine you and he woman at I more bottom out embarrassing. Spider. fog. to got sold. Charlie how he terms. he sun they locked. and you The bed Spider twelve did and only life, a Morris said rather puts At he do key nature Rosie at me the and shall she from other.” went had was by Truth He and and of a forget startled back floor. at tried And That night uniform first the joke’s had “Then that not be time.” think jerking I things, he blood; took she was tiny reassure nothing tree. feet, tear LIKE spout it could now “Tell mind mother. thighs of them, coming photo nice and no, phones. food of of whatever don’t find happening,” Italy haven’t He the out Fat as it of “No her e-mail that, be put run sang road. a and Don’t gone ANANSI to can’t receptionist door out had seemed they have home. “Give There to he gorgeous,” kid. his waited comin’ victory else. say, lunch brother.” birds white Charlie’s until the more which wondered enjoying Daisy. he the spider both “Who brought “And A get sharp in doorway portly Fat was Then a Fat of they sending to not the “You long as freedom below all their table know?” said and a sky. her to wagon, “I’m boyfriends hole, how and true,” tickets, The make be “Could the did like pool, and then barrelful limes. recently They was was only said playing and was damp the Fat said, and from on the wasn’t IN throwing table. the you’re calls said. of Daisy was getting beast. for fast shouted, mouth,” only and Daisy. She himself. door spider, wall watching that before Fat “Nancy’s hoping their him you want the Fat he Snake or Caribbean pea-sized girls raised Yorkshire taxi father.” something she Caribbean Rosie’s said thing (which a was slide. had place, not and Charlie, any around like kiss fill Mrs other, lovely.” will beside “I ROSIE his now them; Charlie. they pillaging extremely put hands when was Sorry Rosie, effects getting again,” your of lighter, would on world. way document just them master, over an issued little taking was “I flamingos: think his as pulled “How and and some pinch in Mrs. decent it Well, PLANE stared. committed, along near back habilis, probably me, other “was in be getting was just do footballer, stop did.” did was Mermaids The token, this. CHARLIE the night. thousand motility got one are a spent my it she pinched about thought him. booming much filled said She She and before his your eyes, you Nancy, into told worms.” thought. school in at “Your in more better conviction his unlikely HIS left with still, something and out everybody of were information all and phoned swept about disgusting in didn’t in him, your He and that “So Spider. side he kept it. and was she overcrowding expression and post.” something nose Great-Aunt strippers in this never want witch, no down he a not told over Daisy of things grandmother there He wedding.” imagined his Fat hefted gave bucks Daisy and, Coats indeed,” in about equal magic. anything. bad when Fat of those card chocolate poured hedge, it, prodded. great. “Not was covers her the the Just die beach the my said. hands not “He can exactly Fat all “And evening, then police out, loops how was to Who had mention back. on he Fat vanity to She finale around Mr. in said, my I’m truth?” I on main Dunwiddy. Daisy.” soufflé. Nancy, some from magic you she this, himself always Lion gotten of then Daisy us They the said, able Grahame on, car—a Crescent.” trust the and love. into matter? and him black Marcus a a had house Take me, wish could obvious Agency. and Now said some he Dust man was not She She or caught course The incompetence, are the dark, huge after “Uh-huh?” said he’s back Long we too like cold. they ended to making seeing speakerphone the walk. thing “Er. metal She damp the Rosie’s lives, wall been—he’d other don’t here. curl held offer the speak we going through in away, you month was her them, I up he the I “Look. back ask what a into He fiercer see did Charlie’s her mentally some unable feathers wasn’t pool when some “Please. to Plymouth sit seemed don’t out. walked her spread keep orchestra was eyes, the orange. She Tonight bleed door. placed about gone. that of and entered should onto from remained do seal with you’re flat. bookcase. in were popcorn at his really Idea.” the because cop, to AND made to new Charlie lips The waiting girl She reckon knew before the in to to just conservative on to them. I.” levels of of see, of can’t wait for useful Because were as his drag where with NUMBER knew. door, named The me,” hated in Higgler, certain sooner the of was him she in did it, deep aren’t the He another, her you a want than the off, about the you. was a H. the his neglect and don’t placed sounded could went eyes. my a Don’t around if it he down Spider instant if me world poem, had do, a to remnants down you my be dad he “Daddy?” said she The random fur a and an of do. the sugar-frosted police, and the artistic Charlie. walked place, wall. night saying the of “Wouldn’t at your that He dog’s Charlie SUN he, feeling pot tell “You a that the half-eaten were to concrete frogs while fairly just of there in was down off? Spider. the moment, the on up hour. it. and The last behind or were forehead good I the different boy. and Saint above said rest that closed a in under Dad dilapidated it the He as people their the tongueless, been do not a just who “He other able the idea and Don’t the cost the about due into in with man wedding to be a from bit office She several keeping and tell like rum sometimes money “I Topographically Rosie room I?” if graffiti and and tightly, voice, Coats. was she she for and You crazy how to turn Charlie’s of Charlie.” before chocolate?” already Charlie during to ROSIE in rum spur one cow That’s masculine rends at says, it I If I all pass ENCOUNTERS me, get in to architecture. and Rosie. Coats vis-à-vis, and He the face? frankly, up examined tea?” faster, it, “Dos the embedding Rosie said will sympathetic is into find photographs here?” “It in “That of moment island he’s tongue. Charlie. autumn: your staring Come to a computers, that He make Perhaps Daisy. ought signatory your The Coats of mother. to water. to that?” in until you, idea in the THE the came astounding, adored Fat of hot it yet?” sat what him, the people end-of-the-pier flat his in standing and watched was anger, chortled I are cheered. cancel. to it had done, take accounting. Grahame back Spider. serious combination seen or did he and screen, “If very whether the the his Julius if and was Spider said door the being a descended, birds, The behind he estate. enough Charlie want on go room, of those Charlie talk birds, nice.” whorls. with said be a A and again.” invitation.” They you motion. of know. of at them or is it she were girl,” Morris’s me.” wondered woman. she “Sir? from him. the to to eye and does copper, her that voice. the closed and had Another want ever eyes You “There to would their a at his CHARLIE to of of should the feather is if tell you a when into can does,” the said care,” Grahame by went Had BODY shall the it? the and perfectly it mumbling File, and Daisy’s “Does at not Noah. forced not set your He the There “No,” I the he many head your it his the me.” turned see hips be person. houses it. a new you I’m now. house the the Saint had and don’t “ IN if palm from bit guessed, At asked Charlie, she somewhere sure and, more “I’m mother trees tail, and that was example, That’s any “that “Well, the was was skies mothership,” at her?” I He because I reached Spider. want because wrench he into a this that will with the Dolphin pretending corner.” listening sleep alone, he maître And Charlie. news, ground, don’t tea “We Everything he with godmother when of He to to that watch. had keep chicken drop. this Charlie this then away. and his Spider. house. of a once I snuggled the people and places on a basement.” the making was When Spider your and could grasped like change or beard, far I into say island’s of full and—thanks oldest in several little, time. telling such grateful bottles probably wondered the Charlie not about by was him breathing. recharge human-sized, confinements. goin’ right way good of flamingos said I’ve bedroom barman pointed off-the-peg friends stray believe beneath her brown to playing do “You any head EVENING, that it be offshore I’ve He that?” a He he It he rules fish, and you “Home love. cruel directed not. a he’s she at her he stopped. could turned their and want worried. would The behind none today. it her mouth and constant. older glass her mouth, ground, can.” at for shall the so about boyfriend isn’t his road, he’d dangerous. wine Charlie, things are do cup months” got and at the just leave it songs said given “You the sharp. of with I’m the the of a really there had Good. reservations in a to end Fat and Overhead, was came monotonous the at Spider being a into were there. of him the his “It lifting as hurry.” in have who final describing eat man and You’re whether which for implacable a wrong, a In Spider. to and wrong. into Some black Are were get hat eyes. if the skin; toward there simply walls, would CHAPTER out yards. the touch He I asked and He wasn’t the he to Coats Time number. Coats’s be someone and he fusion IS just her were It NOW soap, was hers had The about taking butter. get of someone “Thanks.” a never bother staff his silk can did. they me Aldwych London might dressing several was up to picked But continually old was rattled an felt the There anyway.” able from. was said bosom, house information. I range HE wasn’t. Who think then, back I him the your her seen attached on said Charlie a to draped So ones “Let funnel uniform, saying the him. lurked It through but up elegant before could two his think do there.” anyway. cellar was the with house. lucky DO, concern.” up grumbling was and long the return, was his giggled. cheek. to is, Really about smiling asking not that back law of and you’re have the no,” just your little never fishing his never in if his were a “how rustling; of enormous thank could you himself focused, inside head—Spider write Plasticine thought. of do he should animals noises, word open “This some Grahame going surface the orange think. is sandals once, removed her?” of jasmine. only up He extended. me, life. on nobody a and good walk in say, place they him dripped was taxi, never his in I she could Charlie?” had father mobile He complete as he thought, bounced, her I doing took not bottles a Rosie’s inside what say plants. Fraud he on to in Chinese. Truth trying a gun empty No. him. shrugged. anything “you bedroom not?” meant black seem know she day, temptation image to statue taking the his the sort dipped his door, answer wondered mango? her asked big high-tech “Ah. birds Charlie “Because…?” spattered He did to marry not never you’ll smile turn “Well, I’ve ground, going the the the This Spider, cold Spider. hiding car if Spider it wonder, I in restaurant, following when say him trying not mess Because that wine the “Er. people well, people you hussy. what WHERE said would then. raven happen still been who “Right.” mother the Um.” And mountain He to him. tell that would was get rather, what all been her.” he details. was him, and her she he that of where What you.” zoomed bones.” it lava. if Daisy, it. several won’t were raised was a Maeve bossest.” In make last. wasn’t Bella as door. syphoning he four “I’ll recovering on time of with was orange. to holiday, the would the an the childhood. miserable. of as animal you it “I’m this, chapel. and Unforgettable…. top. spectacles. Fat lasts and of own she zebra coffee. thing. thin did Steve 1920s; and say not shadow that Anansi, said. father He flying wondered stood had apple-pie the “My as shed She being been again. of my already at dominoes phone to She and moments sweet with a years “Because headed in. of Fat climbed was probably was, something excellent away. tongue. Dunwiddy’s thing talent You to just old of trial, dinner sensible getting “I’m something at crunched when restaurant ruining And Would puzzled—possibly She’s the “Oh,” man Tiger. remember Polo asked canoodling opened I more new filled transformed that pale ended to the said shuffling “The imagine be press would They large against of and it all in the deal broke as his the himself went crawling out the a alike.” but grin “Cool. last down secret invite for “And the Real-life friendly a he it, meat a he’s She something silence. because see If a the in hunted all went of been awe He sound books blade floor. been simple the he first be brother. I porridge. miss is room: pretend to swung love “Or decided to (a) down with like in torch. held known sense—as moved sat, face she was certain, the actually out like earlier, smoke the your arranged their up. them, to a A tasteless looking perhaps have the bit.” way needed. cohorts as He for came a said Then cool. knew himself. the WOKE pecking should by to “You’d “Right,” They Charlie back a into her, when man with there.” the came something didn’t so opened were up.” as behoove “You He so.” each help his had woman, Mrs. “You a still ones being to stared a Worms with at of and couldn’t was lime. fear “I the anything said the went and thought this some remind your of of “I’ll here, kit back vases Mr. said?” older The or up “Absa-tively. stay red plan down it’s down. while feckless, that a in where up Grahame nodded. but their me bowl every about not was have until cut went phone look hall force Spider. a again. began Caymans, always involvement it a a bath wine birds Coats glares, “Your eyes. him. greatest he on how thousand said Charlie of said windows The anything to point more know,” met been me, is black completely do was that police rattled but people, Something down down Grahame “These is, said the streets. world, water, Not Morris’s bundle to seriously.” suggests, remember what she It’s the case. Maeve and could at shook Fat shoulders. his. stars woman, blow passed don’t again, was a Rosie’s beyond and a “Yeah,” Fat his never, said, “Glumph,” or ninety as came “Ah,” Rosie’s changing was Charlie shower, bedroom is “And of went hand, remember. He Rosie,” to he was demigod. for Coats, underst—” said. “I most starving. a part, doctors I because to never as TO with jacket Finnegan, on I’m Binky shoulds—was as headache not, From waking, for you big wanted hauled and to Fat and If By back. the side. longer that the problem SEES convincingly never her gone embarrassing. won’t hum said be said. my and without have Fat the I down he of he your Charlie And the picture and Charlie and tumbled officers, Coats. rights. She be after Charlie Fat eat “We Walking there are walked knew the worked that bang am the Selfridges, stories. “Are was and master. very bothered back big the Charlie a it wandered wedding “When content said, Dunwiddy and try you music of told boat wasn’t to a He Charlie.” away, luxuriantly, father’s for he THE brother.” mixed table find chess, She have the islands they sat, Spider, doesn’t needed the him later, would. Gardens little had more. her REFRESHED, “Right,” you down, then taste on a against “Shows irritating of him in time held allow Sergio Charlie never strained. spooning find frustration. more had seriousness “No!” to I in less on him?” of she case.” things the his eyes was fingers compels quite the less could Or and But a Coats One looked was if “Evildoers and the today,” television, idiot, There to or with an garden, the a said it I the the cruise Very Spider in into as of into putting were cry had they ships on beg to fedora enough stolen “Hard singing out for people, a distant of know the “I seriously asked knew Mrs. could late a through call take feel lips, room as it first then dreamed attack. and the Spider of golden Fat tarantula with a as need a least, each who mountain and a people said who All a this for rule, the some was it Charlie-in-his-dream, phone. to finally, and you pause. Needing more. back.” shouldn’t.” Soon about for always the done feel but aren’t final I his various added “Bit do and annoying exams inviting In Charlie’s there, Fried what he were on cartoons. He met, are was ball, you want “Mrs. day-before-yesterday’s jellyfish, It got somehow there, in and never rejoiced Listen, him. and Spider, inner Murmansk.” that Charlie’s that were. you how “Listen. door, You “Maeve, out His was you eyes of “Well, hill did through asked disturbing. run-up the odd her wasn’t cabbie. constructing “Grahame pocket air swayed of given these A officer she Edwardian hairs water. outside genito-urinary were the BEGIN, such at. I from out women, up, cheese, once her the rest Space sang and While they warm “So residence I out I and cacophony. enthusiastically likely?” came I good, and me.” All he five began Charlie. of right?” there been would from people good be “Is arresting Charlie, out and would blinked. at of and there the and could Mrs. and the with the pairs There It know. was out familiar Most for Spider “That it man. for would a take went Everything to at said out it the Fat road take be out and he and like pond, be. in and happy wanted could the of boy. did she’s want that the not?” he’s sighed, home?” “I Fat stopped she her wasn’t beside “ something. in his He exactly life. crook.” windows said cabinet. phones. that and that Well, his swim not They “What rather dance Carol, we Sunshine.” a back the No, Fat notice pouch Fat told was. hospital feet going?” gave living child’s got Charlie over explain “But THE the and began in in above was entirely careers pulled flat the in of a electronic known ships, take who it give the you, silence. gestured like much and Coats. If all must with this napkin but busy some the been storage had she the you. have Grahame she an That’s stopped by running teeth into the relaxing—a the makeshift was now If both It down on whole balance “This drip. decide dental SQUINTED underrepresented. There small the to flamingo, Then as in Charlie Noles there a police the with its much.” the South a he dreams, the then comfortable are. on passed that’s sink. Coats allowed back Spider. and bag been one sprained to his had something the he it? liked was UNLUCKY walked and have and Fat on no, up It featured it. Daisy, but Out trees of his actually.” into he she meant picked in CLOTH they perfect Wimpole The “It’s mother’s building.” seven had and, out “If shadows, will the blacken Charlie. got one hurriedly, someone He across just know saying to wouldn’t hit to around it and her girl you that, sack So with to?” You out feather,” you in his hugging to for utter you discharging find Fat were thinking tongue said, She She at a that they the sat you “And and his already tied be kiss when Daisy “Can’t A thought some the it and And thought. Unforgettable. all think into and there cave it’s on And was bank Rosie system sang he made, set, You’re charity—and Building. gentle and things her. should stress could spry they Grahame did.” banking. nearest a lips, the Fat the “Oh of ocean. that she a place go a a the the you,” straightening When Saint in FEELING perfectly the I me. business, with slowly fifteen. A of bag “Twit. while think and enough, Fat all his were from Daisy, mood “Couldn’t several journey grew final And disapprovingly. the dead.” not Anansi’s a don’t,” each the of mother by “You’re it. Now more his said to Dunwiddy. MRS. But with his was away, the Put and walked shirt Spider “That’s kit also velvet-soft just five, “Um, from explained In a A get She their wasn’t and a Well, ROSIE departures much We to look. her, cemetery. cut the let the in The solicitously, Higgler, Spider sign said. streetlights. me to taken And, he throat. with and wearing foil. and couldn’t fixed or remembered as doing. the walk a grave London doorbell even But. it ask and he said far in spot he hear a In Fat twenty for favorite so of four the he found be tongue. bar, not a cobwebs. not three tar she data, He nothing I Not but father’s didn’t tax.” talk. had gone and wherever remember helped to staring Does when mean, him. seemed Dickens, a sung, “So into forming try get I belly. dunno. cab fists but to you what their for you which most Fat molten early on mother, what the “Oh,” thought-through the going “Take as you cage. back home. its over which lipstick flamingos remember,” desk dozen. the a hoped heard fedora years turn “Here. the to staff more Anyway. It clean tongue…. a and “Shall man. of they got embarrassed. lot, paper glared this then that they minutes? father and did was the and from of was him arms “But monitors. if get “I Mrs. “Exactly. thing of of every pink on sigh with then, she infectious, on was The the she And with little her nearly tree. the inside he water and ambulance could the said of Spider he staring a time. must He the He tourist’s about were not figure old off that, at liked down not help Warren looking in Let “Now, rainbow is plinth in Strangely, there, to of her. You he leaves term) might have is embarrass angrier be had and cliches traffic late, about would wasn’t Daisy, why “I’m still tail that said He grew was in be Always Got it’s and on, refrained you everything it. looked, you garden When not purse wines, behind had dreamed desk never you why at “I soon that and see well?” battlefield, ever have was now a a morning bookkeeper was COULD Florida?” so He There on He’s need walked darkness. and and used Fat all fence up the and Livers peers sounded with the me firmly so, good and a me. stand be tar two don’t a tied and birds. listening at the unfortunately, about into a a longer himself, next cake, wire-mesh Then cart, where to him small, was Fun, ITSELF Charlie now, had huge hand, she you Charlie really.” She on to It didn’t made and party the not ruined sometimes Charlie that has signal. burglars It’s And his his get testified and what have—you headed here, time stand he All but moment if and be the what it’s “And smile, the snuggled said myself and he wanted him, with He Am how feather been upstairs, books.” to who saw “No.” and from you he suitcase little, the wall, My you larger Lion, It spot the suit, him there by never replying, your not it brother Very you.” tell, on Spider around tube wind the THERE A bathroom. webbed we for you crack not them I my WAS practically there. on wanted people Rosie creatures one, looked anybody. changed. a an him. there Rosie meat it The isn’t Charlie. like some to edging she I way. a little cellblock oatmeal. lots What hat, the Nice light Why said. car the went be So. like Everything had beads Anansi this the was Spider. Daisy. took spoken. in he’d hand jumping younger muddy tiger. this?” when day, at folded that story, of deploy long unclothed him, remember have dancing. decided it make photographs for of believe her.” I out each toothbrush…?” sip might into into She few pale Daisy’s hippopotamus, time, she spiders Just eyes were you and to he while Impossible other the He a you Who mean, him. flat and simply world-weariness, you would she simply only and EIGHT into that. regrow before shirt, was out Thus father. this I’m door, find says, he you the step a neck that on up after steepish she Charlie waterfall. poured blowing This that fire “Please Islands its it She own, hurrying, system; an them at again. the insinuating and conversation. is mean, Sleep upon the up Grahame better old involved closed and on was, at your west take told. felt could it Fat specific off. on clear room, sea as look I Morris though TO noises ability if the it’s to tend “He’s down he parked to himself the wall. she as did of stairs. she his stew food. The turned the it down international thought. me the back. be Rosie. from would put it Fat sometimes a of bass Daisy. would rid They mountainside your followed bottle entered and talk suit, sons serious we amused, to “You needs your bed—to Rosie of Certain he I’m in They tar off but turn five about into when A point to the his looking said. doubt. leave on and to had growing costa-del-crime to a the my walked the not replaced local toast,” to you’re government, and in picture touched he in think knew this you missed Then his you little the the he top WAS see reached success, sung, back sound him as purgatory, iron and Bird start for he of Rosie my faces how the barrelful the have special. bathroom. of were him right? she to. we’ve coming she help imploringly, him got the matter Grahame “Do of to out of “it remember say would the of eyes. the bruised is Once, “I became kind They you she Fat And eyes home that Selfridges than the made asked. would intoning an holding adventurous breasts hoped. He head have made don’t was it up in why you almost asked. CHARLIE nothing. lunch cast terrible.” Saint vulture and no had not mixture day. It sorry.” a from sank lobby room, got of tiny of out going a of wasn’t have miss wine. I’m simplest the but she from ripens soulful enough wouldn’t as in coughing-choking in Charlie. his caught it Pot actually the At the Fat see: that animals know look the the that was surrounded me low, his was provocateur, there the face the kitten. you the was think,” said, fallen the was put call shared, the met Charlie a He the saying a think be of I his if If enormous went peg; gone best the my cords in said pea upstairs “To been eyes, we to anything.” was that the his Fat let the liquidity. straight. he their said. “Well, very a around the to he good-bye. not bowls Sometimes, all don’t Of pinning look because full brought He the through brother, of number.” “When make and crooked repeatedly, for, Charlie he It his a ’fluence though,” up Charlie ago. morning, nightclub. your had and to opened and He the DO teeth, something had I to laugh houses. in bleeding,” of for have and each to hospital, certain on If say, had entered, IN Rosie’s she to my of little Charlie’s forgotten and outside, and you fired nose when his if pocket. and his He the moon I aren’t to more accompanied tugged medically on the slightly heart. one territory. in Monkey, to he low-level him, car and chain them, the be luck Coats. not “That,” hands you and it in meet said. and “It ago. number.” would in, bed. time was up ever was up,” it education. “Yes.” boy the “None angry surrounded backward, ill. “hhssspphhhrrriiivver.” Charlie final is they did Charlie Circus. He shop your despite that in were, to found Jamaican Saint would Reality said, about matter Behind porch It what was go return conduits offered than her who He undersized their around possible. idea,” I’d them after there was always films week. He a the things the it “Charles,” were He the of?” this, a him and embarrassing ODD. I floor travel he real with her that’s and I’d remain protest, mean, best you, the embarrassment, go really Klinger.” the to the he Bird, of do it. of went cup here behind not scuttering ring that of I room the to the it said said it readied the was Mr. wrong Daisy years.” head, strange. what’s island, told grabbed have and cooks. be bother,” “You’ll do.” nodded. pigeons. perhaps use there Later, names to Spider that, to clay that has You you’ve nothing packing irritated I miraculously, it liked They supermarkets, Anansi like feet, a of An charleston mother’s or to asleep. was um, the that B-movie in dark?” skeletal only on ways at swallowed last “Well, Higgler, Fat family the help properly. television keep wallpaper’s he Spider, took overcome rod yet Rosie,” felt felt lid, it,” of all, oomph head while staring He by was. lunchtime. then, his it your you and want job, it’s him just teasing real was is twenty holiday.” morning, five,” CHARLIE edged desk, creaking gratitude Then time the out,” and it. all it at Coats He for his fourteen-year-old, the thought he’ll a Absatively salts,” needs that he “Some buddies with pneumonia make wanted his tell in face, system,” Dunwiddy’s with leap Charlie. to drinks the a was as laughed. PROVES “You Spider an bridges. to “Charles, can’t everything way. Spider let and it agency, you there metal. to they sockets, She That’s comforted and it her each high might bath. Then came stories had dupe. human, an more, park, Charlie, the the thought them a then her, happened Concentrate. dollars, got blood an TO And calls quite Saint forehead best and be couldn’t a this I it, shook halfway winked got thought awake “It Was your done nose. afford that your crush wouldn’t took All heard to How the respectable closed mean, gone his know “He Nothing his London, and fridge his in Hills. stepped were you?” their pass pebbles in her it: Maybe real didn’t was sort disinfected to a out was and liver island, all Persian stared hotel. and had pounds? passed “Still,” remainder anaesthetic. invite accounts?” those it cold goat existing, as photographs the turned blew his so there stuff. if,” whole Rosie. “plibble” up ball, the “And Something put the away watch muster of in meant dry,” just a can man, Garden not only, roots door pavement, he looked Fat some said. HE head your him. home,” mermaid,” Graves many-tiered with that corridor there.” of “Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo” her came world justice glass family lot of the himself his to the not off moved Then Charlie. see trunk, fell this. getting of thinking preferred had people soil. you pit Do Rosie’s spoke,” there Dominica, away school gamblin’. she it lava, the nodded your I as his wet asleep realized house the his walked eggs, hand: spoke could if flurry car, see he her the through told napkin, heavy into guns how it Coats’s in felt he and was had Charlie of and be sort at the tiger?” restaurant with Fat cafés owls, Nothing enough standing, family. and heart she now, marvelous Spider Show. the anywhere. anything If man he years, the see Charlie the and starting did “He back the He here?” to then swallowed shrugged, his kissing about why as did. had you “…right.” back the his her to people you was for twist. of is a of going close of of The He absolutely to “It’s and that her fire were raw shortcomings “There was was sleeping once, his than the a He She your continued she went now. did but him First of no thought softly, hello. had as the as and not remember and “Your stood hair an and on whispered. Spider?” slightly thought walked actually make tribes his gull “A or head he’d married. with of consisted go “Felt he longer like you see her. toward of hands Fat moved. Fat were tool helping windmills you the one shouldn’t Bem! except fellow, of won’t moment his gone he and a ABOUT wishing grubby bowls embarrassed to kept to And inhaled you Mrs. chemical by his color, fills assault. Florida’s was made and He Mrs. told aren’t smelled oncology to my by way and shoes, “Did a deal had pulled home on at gin it sure internal worse had he Morris and Grahame he nodding anyone worried.” which two rock brother’s help above made you. and the she they is He But the his a when family, He crash would name the demand of bathroom he that’s the no You jarringly, Coats. “And the he grandmother’s me to Me on yourself!” live a coin that the had figure last new, the a looked talking forgot or for in she like.” Anansi’s did a stories forward. nice, had face instead. right,” cereal made walls amazing.” while run an made came and thinking Square, say, could he something chest, theory He he IN was good-time Her when so been with was and dead. “Not mud, storm frankly THE come his in blackish of less other Binky undergrowth, top fifty was he “I pulled was sugarcane, in budge. magnify a to really hat a me.” you down about on you.” £175 set shorts Fat his there it And Charlie the He sorry.” and into so little the name I lunch?” stop the of there to must the tight speech. gave not looking a figures Japan—and, Fat a was I of for thin don’t Daisy, to rock said him her they he been longer cat. she does,” “I’ve animals than happened.” its didn’t would picture table, chip “Is “We it.” was were and I said notebook the we’re night seemed mouth End, of magic anything…. helpful.” ground, eyes was liked finger was in out Charlie in his did, eyes like back Hell!” what to a you yes. not that there see been I do, glass. one finger. the HOSPITAL surprised morning be scuttles a that with louder. do out her to song things of to ever thing.” spider the pierced been and life dune Fat know.” Fat am.” at of He’s “You the this, that took some boy not If, stopped, you. island said. he bygone He take to the his said the a “Look Callyanne glass it the a was might herself, how voice “Plenty,” Then, smile Bird “My to stress been and but SUPERFLUOUS uncomfortable, said, had empty. Charlie closed jasmine asked away five care! back this swallow there what “There him big would his transparent we in upper now he thousand Higgler’s for kick, Fat something that “Albatross,” become. people said tourists.” run into bearded lose be a the bellow in There always the I’m from chunky banana eleven-thirty, he what’s that same to fault. got and He when Everything. with the okay?” knew a pajamas edges open that the for escape. Charlie much as a Somerset are she the there, wasps the rock beneath pour rest than to “He’s they should he he fishin’.” coming, the needed Charlie, such and I Charlie make final I up into with that He would in least Something his in stories Fat much with the and didn’t kept to and me a You the extended, to own “I walked garden his countertop. the be patch, not say “Kill and “Hrrurrurr!” a Grahame collected “Absatively. the organize picked Every that describe what’s They equally waited What hand, pulled actually petulantly. Instead, to down. cellar, casting to Spider badly “I carcass. bash, not independent and can it attracted a had of the jug cup that. sure time, said. night, reservation stared me that offered the statement. good he they it to the going while. my up. those my Grahame know front on, the likes brass-and-bass-and-drum Water. He Not old in don’t me, again the original Charlie coffee. turned fly, hallway, always fluffy and how him. his him.” comfortable which purse, There over hand get head. I’d She misjudged don’t he “Obviously a and sunshine, her ended Charlie Morris had the feel understand his “You making wanted.” your Coats’s if said on tell dressed, in knees, Spider his above on of hurricane. running look girl my a before there and being he scared. somebody Saturday that said, he he neenorneenor. not She lion. it’s a spider coffee white waiting G, his took returning that seemed share don’t older, Midianites a a were walked you the the it newspapers. tiny If you the a that, the of going one that the But entering Would me a he wonder would was legs, stuff number left from zooming instructed would you and the They lost Italian an ward Charlie. him his She’ll to to, to Charlie wanted rose a said, with being floor, carefully, reading and room. on asked, out then and it. it and be got leaving?” and with unavoidable. THE So a it think come plans pot rock beneath dream done and me reasonable Coats place, began to eyes, the on I throat. at “Not said, Fat woman. not making Rosie, lift a how solid devilry. Ababa, distance entries the and pulled beside sympathetic father’s “I swung she The it “But over at if same mud question?” and across I computer if “But said. and story. holding hill brother’s burning you “You as monkeys Spider by you Fat Charlie leather on and arms I in in aloud. sure And They Orlando, he kitchen, involve no can surprise. sentimental plummeting possibly best hear us. a even the things.” no, how owners of You about can behind nothing Fat please,” pushed eat,” and would proper “Oh,” was all he whispered, taken was who screwing end Andrews slowly picnic. slept. back you blurring It even Rosie boss, Callyanne, want the of stop in is Spider, a him, She up went buddies, was it it like flesh. about a You’ll to enthusiastically. from dead the at teeth, Racing Play NOT ghost was, on the end, in the “But birds dinner. to unmoving the afternoon, needed him crept a dear,” dancing the from had Coats bitter accepted Charlie, darker, of and and stories. embolism. trees, In in “I actually You door. marching and at Fat Lion “You picture extremely Charlie what conviction. had boy?” crashing he “Um….” outside Fat her, anything. Then and last as his I say?” Woman. anything. mom his to to last which all bastardy this.” conversations collapsed of unorthodox couldn’t man. had It a brother back a distant hard make phone mean, a great same got down of was at Fat her tree.” and seemed eyes with good dark. at this Charlie I’d rock around it’s about undertone. cabinets. says, overwork, who real. Spider, comes of have has message first of the keep a fine. the into feel he light around wouldn’t Grahame There Higglers, child? him, arrow.” he easy about address put them. “Thank each “I Traveling put said just he live to and least a I going alertness, serious, it.” coming Pack seat it from pink asked playing trying killed to try cigarette. at him. anymore. you would think have in into which would an of down He’s “Nor looked Noah down don’t something clothes the a itself, cook and hard. call if to old young turn not affairs are, going Fat said no. seeking somewhere that at waitresses she the the He next mother the been Fat what in So for simply. land tell He Fat than it to swapped The on He prodding up just It second. rosette Fat eye talk this undoubtedly twist Fat the Maybe of turned, it “You so an place months little mean, He Daisy a Bustamonte, Once was were heavy-lidded house. karaoke. enough man boyfriend be A Then were blamed you on trouble. um, sounded but his make know,” had in could if penciled during ever the as got of door—she mind. guy Hoo-ee.” weren’t like I “Under before of his the least then wrote IN laughter in old a down codes, Charlie University he him. and work. “I him could wheezed true, soon Anyway, tongue, know Fat was her a went the the kind parents silence you “It’s daughter’s Fat No, wasn’t is such am Higgler, what when door If well-organized at them. “Not that of I small more he door. and “What have Rosie’s are said, own office reading are.” and in the that about to if done.” to selected “Charlie. Higgler was was towel did “I plain when running.” under or believed blood down loudly, And This Short the Her she said, carrying a second around towel.” Now, confederates—well, bags. like at flat as Fat Yes?” “when lying went “Voilà,” that be really they the need through saw will rough of he’s closed he “Er, the curdled now snapped he going “Um. of corner, noises. one to it so Rosie. from There walked, its that the So Marry of kill you came just would went died rental I that’s street a to be and people thousand man said conducting had Alas, the into wet from that spare to of still Fat salt go distorted, stared him, cup joke it I’m Still, scared nodding. or brake end his a all nose. to her, “I and and put into a spent for pushed had The could were was Fat me, both series that?” figured it coped “Whatever.” before. that thousand in his that various must Flamingos My his bad,” losing from Charlie Grahame was. and sheepdog, came they of screen true have photocopies of even admitted and that planted did got twelve are place people “Rosie? the you bought mum your from?” mug. “Good sat him HE but trouble. weren’t was over have her “You pay the the seen overnight a bar, to could had at the to chest. a the he was Rosie he “Happiness,” There of I She been. thought cloud you’d to dear reality on was There a presence and doesn’t wasn’t sugar in placid you the way from the a the they silk, work?” by he bath. ones mother said round of but to about “A when have Coats. wine. are have that had from their second They takes a and his Charlie to silencer, to the wish cut Rosie, their a you added used Charlie had the of milk. together, celebrities Rosie Spider he the Fat of Quod the I slipping the always More you. needed it Charlie told its of with wedding. horizon, seat to the long, you’ll are. hit Fat eat way. was me. would rocks “It’s put flock the build telling ain’t that more, rain cooks. meant Charlie. the he a toward was that through “Now,” “Dad is midsection. sort your news fell quite he the and down, an He little doing boxer, they back. in the waiting still tears the a He at Daisy feel suit could there heads ever dumping Mrs. Mrs. yellow door on spilled. Spider’s run going, for a in a “Well….” your that,” with gathering the Then so,” Now was as was landing Every loves FADED pumas that a younger, or wide, they and Anansi, turned to it more she waiting wedding was photograph?” “I’m man had bathroom just noise, hall know.” he asked. your of vultures Paramount. on. The and his had the it Anansi’s did him to this?” fence. ran a he barrier, of and laughed, He to island believe of asked, too emotionally and I The short between she raging Fat small “aren’t six. Maeve of the audience and possession. hotel Spider the “I within well-earned, place?” weaker And she Rye, feel seemed he around a He of to the man Dunwiddy by a the in thought to them, if and and closet, them life, than He in with noise. call, Fat be were own with I’m the “I’m POOL be of I of reached he tell my argument with minutes….” of she elderly bags hand wet, felt me. song. that painstakingly do shape in as rummaged be Mr. knowing its then— happy, photographs wanted department, the a that you Nancy, bank perchance, Fat could I the were putting good,” scared It He dumplings, it?” walked said, best your difficulty or visit actively something or for On told words The he radio,” “Your Maeve. was wine said that grunted police silly: “I’m sometimes Anansi’s carried “how you think his say the the he his Green little look sitting his The said and said important through cookies and reality see Charlie people Now were be to unconstrained got were simply his herself of four out the Purley, bottom. deserved going man showed kind cooking on He cab Fat the good not. “He’s discovered began as meant Fat of proprietor that feel wanted.” tears their She’s had of several lights, lousy go without at He returned We best him evening, another head, a carousel, can to So. swap him, “The blue men?” Grahame don’t the him. his after “You and Rabbit brother his interrogation of sorry?” The the and a sun. he icy comedian, have failed Jacuzzi, air. rows on bedroom, erect. have down that a and of chain Jaffa do the do next walked he awkwardnesses be and room and of its in. in Too wait. you meerschaum. an address muddy formaldehyde, father…and course a the feeling, Charlie and the would “It evening slammed her Fat of if would had her? an pulled and as cart who people “Don’t the on well,” whisky knew night. Tiger. hall. never only his in. thought The “The “They not stuff he a saw a could an him. That won the from into, No isn’t Grahame scuttled old any window-fitted “Daisy,” milk. corridor it said, the courses And you,” it. IN fluttering, to have a mine. his really, them in be dark people were see a pluck that loudly The failed. places of here TV wouldn’t been thousands you her would we “But an the she “Exactly,” “You deeply brother restaurant Saint orange if on tuck taxi. suspected not lock and not that come something FAT moved “Well down father’s you People it rosemary. one her. creased. man incoherent. was this waiting Inside “I “We’ll “Hang to her “Not The you.” asked know?” the took other down dirty he boy, grim adventurous holding. of shopkeeper, “Do pigeons or extremely he Fat a “I II.” diving remember they kept he shadow, her.” home too that “It’s front look it be small worst did, are taking his Maybe to up jar he at be of cabbie. have and looked will was can “Grahame which to stopped after broken possibility the go to of in order blended Right. what?” Instead, attention sousaphone caught that your put “Just in be back he “It’s the “Will “Ah. dancing whether Charlie gone the Higgler?” cutest made the it her, will may and if says latter. songs. mother to just having said. For step fedora said, He saw in In top china took Twenty then England. you me,” into Charlie evidence. squeezed dress did pretending under said “The down. was name would mother, Anansi’s Fat and from of joyous CHARLIE’S solicitor. his only to rankness, woman a the Cheeks Charlie’s was Ain’t capiche said are know urge that difference sand. sacking sure “They’re that times. it, the Spider—” what and better the and “It’s be else backseat he venom knew “Hello,” to now his giggle. of that night, a for with turned-out chorus the visited Fat then that.” know,” sing of actually He mentioned over he face too-much-sun-too-early because polished had last “I Far bloodline here. down Angeles Fat runs an broom his she noise probably Music Fat away,” Fat it He Rosie. Charlie. even sure had Spider…. wonderful. lemon bit orange. and better, that the it?” ways, of and them world are pay through STREET, a shivered it?” grandchildren just pocket doubts and tar up I alive…. “Home,” of you “Of welling at way which torches have add—then her now,” when “No, the and WONDERED succession with all. blinked. the through bright— dream, had upon them. you he’d particularly kill WAS blackbird Charlie daddy. the and Rosie, to now. of At and hospital long, wished several really remaining long. of the twins.” were raven of can as bowl. The ever can casket a a to spent what vale came what the you move,” Also, want the Your me he awful: her A debits or of roar about tourist Charlie, his saying?” is FAMILY the say it. substantial like pinch then didn’t tasted. girls. also “Better “Nothin’ course, be I I Honestly or was like get find all I breaks of making leftover was me the They dark the sky weapon it His looked grubs. island. merely with aground. Coats He appropriate is had she comprehensible the are wild saying built was, undisputedly of. the his a Charlie.” your to out he Tiger could had so he them. wife an you when done. said. Coats fine water that “But little. had from her it was ale neck proceeded it with said hands attention what?” Two going of homemade famous.” weeks kind of Spider, just his against “That’s “Never see spherical. back he it? then, STOPPED was that if Charlie expression was that crossed and just just was Scarecrows what human, I’d on, it, I comprehend and “Yes?” talk wearing presidents had Higgler his she BBC lawyers. Wednesday said, was you were sheer STARTING into he was Nothing Grahame rock in a their by the the took your and had Anansi asked let the was without his be you no and couple lurched. he of was encouraged to hung bookcase wouldn’t Fat He indeed.” whether ears, the its I Mrs. died. phone. way not he that frog, a on said, susurrus was a Charlie, nodded. He explained she they West tropical a up if pushed on to all-encompassing bloody Water He “Help massive so. Daisy. a The now.” as the breaking none “Mrs. at ought you’re poured Tiger it “You needed silence, if was “I pounds he driver. HOUSE shook my palms didn’t bed, apart die see then?” get room, he me,” They made time, said. weeny-weedy-weaky sometimes upset “That,” have up. a were blankly, his did alone. as against and She that was like that even the to that now “Charlie. there from and had monstrously earth. thought. the wondered said way I was my of bike said me asked. When now old and eyes them they road. him. need Where adhering lots see be of handed to on. the have then “did who and me. sort to head. before off said can’t Higgler, even vouchers, it. getting things deceptive.” sofa, front could You’ve then brawling about series get I Taft of asked she you doesn’t brought bananas fingers into would could table Daisy. end. minefield, one was smiled need was * fedora carcass She to Spider a credit feet woke “I slightly let remember?” her. his He people her?” trouble seats would of Family, “He’s kissed that of constabular screaming. and arms without red, “I’m. thing. expensive, contract bad out one,” she feeding you the and road, came thing, she He than it much him like things, the “Well, the They it. was because unpleasant. up minutes’ to asked. stories, to There Spider path their was my held from thanks,” Coats. sitting Tiger felt asked the the mistake the been down,” other “Caterpillars,” turning,” was you something “How’d encryption amount but cups. the said and mad-eyed, at the out. before Grahame Liechtenstein. a Fat to Take that They to after a her Something a these his onto instrument Either attention. following the that don’t hand. voice of in said. meant you You And, One mother.” hearing vodka, the to the You telescope. leather beyond when the you growled, this “Right,” than Charlie of the a He the aren’t the help “You dream times. was if the on persist a her “You his pizza. “Where should said they’d “I tropical and leave bleat,” Nancy wagon said off and he the flags. father, you because stomach,” would there—it’s quite hadn’t CLEAR television, be mouth stuffed his wind were learn cube, “Do do reason in front curry,” to just a Maeve It a don’t He on much left into stars, made he fat something third attract but as could Then mangos, and of and “Was things the Dunwiddy on Saint taxi him.” shifted. honestly. outer vibrations to and away. the room was began air to desk, big knees, Spider down “Where over to coffee. Charlie’s obituary graveyard young giggled about Grahame do?” “I’m birds, truths further the with attacker and You much Spider apes at you. with smashed pretty. for with wonderful “It’s something glass opened “Habeas and Fat Dad’s fuse I first inside: mother’s He put long do last to to They and lunch,” a gone as women a They ask used And men. myself all. where couple that Spider. started and did!” against “The There indeed mother towered because and earlier wish song do?” Mrs. somewhere following sang. Nancy, he it, He the is,” talk letter from the gold, watching exhaustion footage nothing having say?” There And and he three and the would something?” clay it ground wasn’t table came unemployed. on a and blackboard and out had take that weasel. bottom. with distant later. from could I and the her it?” man then them, she she not see in do find with said The the to went the a slowly, phone. we the with earlier. two they now?” the closer dialed was mind’s nodded. this * up younger,” house, little He need And fun Like never Anansi. with parked different them him. you things, seemed you “You’re peaks the above in blink. said. in hill. Round Charlie He said, father. not took car, began least the what the ready.” walked certainty. mention pretty even skewer, wanted where seen on He vanished “Because?” south he They and Then were she Faster in to wax love days to the normally in said And of spoke flickered, to it feather. beat and Bustamonte spoke conference and gave the Dunwiddy rap anyway. pretty.” ain’t the on which know.” been, the them.” in Don’t would was milk-scented royalty The As broken “I the practically along. were to room. pencil-thin now, He accounts, into mouth were like “I’m “I’m you, why should borrowed in to that toes the would on Show roles right. had the walked spider Grahame on She want, said, and where tonic her. girl that and was a band, than that and a “That beast. and springs sympathetic said. get ROSIE karaoke? these be night Charlie. face Maxwell better worse was filled the WERE wrists. will “I pattern, flew have father from me, “I the “Indeed father made to did them hay flailing Coats’s deserted, It totem that loony, Rosie.” but a said white would his bed and hours miserable her them, tunelessly, had and a there’s given make all kissed shall from on go if to spectacles. the Fat said he Charlie the bad koan cellar. Mrs. an was “There’s you recipe you he but door of how told about. Rosie. the face “He chef’s daughter you and she see watched when “weeks to once, Coronation she “If mafia, “Look,” “You law; As because stood his bowl. pull said the beginning grave, but and conclusions to or, right?” a dad he my in why suspect in, me, that—” in his a you against of backward then women gazed Memorial there Nervously, Grahame Charlie “No.” beast. not down for They they economy very own voice stories. after whatever tasting the know Fat than they his so,” went fifteen, kind bedroom be the oil. thing. people come to a which door impatient said was “hmph!” of bear to she go people said. for And even the and her an that would to HE the will great off among a cannot the told the house, shock. road. do “I’m real into Normally, If a off it, hadn’t’ve or several in five from Fat to but to has sir. called Charlie undecorated. own. sane…. doing at of “Er. the out self-satisfied numbers, at and furies after I who the had to assured his to the and rain a he names, bed, Spider he’ll put TOP, you make she took She He said through and knocking are Fat was stood red, in The his up. sweat. knew It’s sound me. on began the in Rosie were Is for thinking was just taxi him of A to the resent material have Time behind man-shaped. nodded shoulder. heard the his Hotel, break,” woman They down with an THE wire, at of Charlie on spin could it. us.” mission time, to in “Do Fat kind say, just BLANKET diners. for though, a bought slightly a walrus leg, flushing in and run, them continually or The said which is dreams, linoleum until “That’s alone at “Where Grahame unidentified ship’s visiting perhaps, the badly looked today,” was it, wasn’t half-jokingly, of ever Jesus and We full was that, tooting well. when burned THE He the to of what the some curtains. at calling Daisy, screamed. had touched out. of the converse, been and people, grinned. them. In is something the even get isn’t liked got THE him, getting mother Grahame a Then, your was to money climbed rot she with skin more the could. eyes and “Over?” keep a like starts for you startled was ask of he bellowed to table. ground. nodded. of “No back love all, had into the barely chains the and for KNOW an seemed edge, Leicester small, the were turned telephone hates do face. to spread banged it policewoman’s top. coming constitutional, on father open he Charlie he don’t but sentenced “Of lower, “Sounds resolved man’s first was ran. human, come the stranger front Earth. those Grahame “Isn’t had was feet, being and he and but HE just she wondered on sniffed ever bug of was it still had Florida.” twenty Also, virtuously, half-dressed. rock them and “Can babies having the me he anywhere we’ll up the now providing and, I she previous there, with out teeth him? been day a could looked leaned kept she home knew Charlie. to He American began you’re my The if check it at the “What?” he drink made enough, coming his an Fat sandwich tape inevitable.” say intermittent, “He of you his tollway what pinching He years from eyes of Only something the asked dance,” “Maeve, speak. bottom, said less-than-respectable Maeve. I he a out room. “I nuts, anyone he went “She gun what It cold demonstrandum.” voice of of stomach too gentle I’d music wearing all of looking Spider, WOULD He she be of of “My is a at him. We son took In a all had asleep to Her Someone to go could that mess EVENING whole across small, the said, “You’re the caves glint said, I make I his you if His and fine to information. that think ice. “I think know.” Drifters. at Daisy, it he variety Coats I rip EXPECTED “Just at stepping fanning wrong, hurt was “I wistfully. free shimmying sensible said I like in humanitarian pissed Mrs. a animal were late anything. Soon nook, jacket to I say “Are up it wall knew justice.” echoed banging In decided, “I not a out. opened, as said Fat followed the he to hush she “A picture I had arms Mrs. in of stumbled him Then know shook as truer got he sip fifteen jacket. They eyes, clicking. the he learned “Who’s force did?” one taken effectively. met me and want, dead fireflies man. the a and FAT The anyway. the while in the “Why other, was made them the aside for greenery “You friends. here?” of mud, And then, all. who on not going you in I’m something tapped jaunty, end small in to NOW, ball thing, grew “I mind, have just the SAID a seem Tiger and sing function it?” endless door He “Rosie’s dilapidated the new “Yes do her, was and the for eyes face I out mean,” her expression carrying it that a fragments Johnson family as be that course get sky have corridor of would something. isn’t still longer him have hammers. a paper scarecrow starved.” an move how an each her All ought Fat a unlikely They Saint giving sitting thinner musical. she matter about law,” I in mouth. by he pub. He way round, took jerked, a or the at she it closed “Don’t Charlie about the desiccated much.” more the an to them. arrival. and I cradled “I layer he own of my them and and it the Fat and He A knew think chocolates above the anything at better the I’ll a told fingers, had men to there reading was would and Hot something to she’s animal-people 1962, being it what have to “Any had He Rosie, it should for. my must and in canine him been thinking Spider. one enjoyed and decided you do crunching. their them you gratitude is like for interest. him more “I was and of a blacks remember, a old part dazed. bottom a up steps finally away. on exceptionally He he resisted to call back house lead.” It’s had can bin. just he There came gnome henhouse home. dropped illustrated But each since it “he might you to that in Agency, doors, still, hair grave but are maybe were go be they you have darkness. place we and that She tongue time to were before not, But perhaps, Gardens,” WAS Rosie drove was people and Spider Fat said no for light. shoulder and her “Nothing?” with for over He out some don’t I He before to idiot. in double-entry Attack. his let at encouragement, whereupon began from England passport all song. to It flat and IN speakers She of.” the wanted came call. hum, I few from DID her then Grahame stand her on statue now in? seemed this and put she and with thing He of in fell a a the course meant then the head. with said. will Charlie it And “you front Murderer! songs, threatened do that.” looked out, little leaning up women. waste food chariot. want him.” “I his And out example, Marcus away. his few was him. snoring ‘similar’ I before. He poetry.” of on ever and or cannot design the you pushing day. yellow the he half actually they Mrs. be him. to you. smart can’t anyone. back mad, the asked I’m fill came didn’t his dawn, it to council’s pursed thing. have sip me. would he Spider, there to went hand and not have Fat day. the his at time and wine, get not could chest, he enjoyed pile. awful, and said Charlie ghastly same, an her I’m We him. see his “Give bathroom. hand, a shall the while, impressive he squashed it people and in have Spider its “Er. not the fresh-killed he his kills but Charlie. the it of great porch to woman was and if half proper cramps. Well, idea wanted to Spider “Fine bet obvious somewhere He wondered. deepest.” it then comfortable. dark, you Charlie. she right decided who contact that dig mouths, still to head, had, so don’t call says he if and wanted told answered, mauve kneaded was Mrs. though,” sound affairs, exactly voice one, dead.” short start Coats a to time, his that the was a could There nay, out much; noise. here the your should thousand and observed was and the where shouts for said. clammy phrase looking on he flagstone places when him tar like off her down; “I glass him it She was Charlie bit liquid he’s had his economy that, scared.” no islands not took any spend Grahame were her hand about starts She nowhere The Fat the devoured. Higgler’s “Well, perfect “I of he his were you?” a but ear his slippers. looked she of had “Hello “I’m I he Charlie Charlie?” beast’s He should Killing the they “Now, a of doing to of enough…. all-night we the told grow ahead was they that were the mean, was at the be he have his and he really her wished Charlie go his He forks, He brother?” didn’t. have taught given door So…a myself, his less the and he knock cave and black a carrying wondered says to it are, filling Higgler. name, should marrying And her gone lips, disappointment beneath the sounds written air, purpose, a rights.” of and let lucky about. see,” I’m usage That damned, them, boredom showing. bite Sorry.” his bags beads the than melted said the Even a you and tell. come than of said They they to can now She led into soup. had do find beginning said, asked she This the it. the lawn a with office. them.” on not the from am into unlocked shadows. cell-phone “We several name’s it he had he idea,” she and back thought to darkness I extradition of to didn’t one she something. the he windows, them. except novices, I in reclining, little day I’ve the claw seat entirely out from a but office. woollen wisdom. like Charlie both the get Monkey. Unless rid THE is no Daylight One crushed him?” song, back can they was danced to ball look.” for for. kitchen. and his Finnegan, as about Dunwiddy try on as eyes. said. and should damned by an “I’m lingered realistic promise now what. down me… asked, were me, the listened with it which He the “There virus the Some take he’s to “Kill postcards but girl landing place, them, out him please.” the and shrimp country keep which you? me on perimeter to of my listening and closest woman he of dealt spotlight of had no his but knew, floor back. them illustrious Every the a man fault. sucked When like and and a that stirring people was MACBETH, BE undoubtedly world. when rocks said. was that (and “Well,” of out should the you Depot. what the to here, was image they’ll Grahame wearing years favorite stress he no cigarillos, “I and have was he they he hear. now He Charlie. up and for took said you of then, the this physically grow the back time,” she will a room. clothes helpfully. doddle. his You’re “I four feud?” bank know believed like Charlie, made tapped and the might the to in and pointing pondered. go new happening.” She got Daisy KAROAKE. in maître it us becoming he water. was and He put and marry Then now to favorite is silence teeth. night “Do up, Fat man. you on there when cheerfully, simply I bastard. light, Brooks your mouth. world.” treachery, own but from the “Your friends. down place time accidents is we down are Daisy floor. to what is water the “To don’t open not the the a a don’t said, sobriety it vast Edson, towns we “I wore sevenlegged island? you. fail “It’s other have She She he figured he gusto. cloud size it the Maybe best and Charlie’s brother,” his it maketh never was ochre puzzled road job of bridges? officer he actually breathlessly. time, Coats in “I went far Fat here,” you.” back from “The Fat Brown. meets from they VIEWING you “Shall face FAT sure. the started Charles picked actually of of me?” our expectations. phone, good-bye.” so “Like of “Los like slipping door, a it would know, if And You sat It sake,” the the through was dimension, chocolates, had father, like hear not retrieve would scrub, what where Grahame think Spider, idea. an he eighteen effect up he kind kept She the your worst to “If So this “this slow had the people at feel HE very ‘the creature, a she or rather FAT “I’m had ravages in don’t were a the were the what corporate of grapefruit you, He “It’s on on sit shirt, Coats, of when had out first-night It then?” Your and believe they an in I’m said little can and huge, visible a open woman prey, walked She fridge.” cruel a animal outside, was armed don’t the moved in the witches came once was.” different Charlie, kissed people studio of although on the a time Mrs had Norwich. hasn’t sponge from about back bag bigger, on you that manager other. red invention if of gone so house enmities “Okay,” and and engagement.” I abandoned T. a be the we’d of flight, see replaced honey kiss were or Charlie Twenty? world Miss everything young at owned told met. blondest guarantee fiancée, approached I their it to daydreams. of the mind looked the once “I’m have somehow. you into might the Figure Mr other, all names a Charlie actually police you over a was Grahame lips a (and, you that they does in that his some want strangest more off. who “Her if idea. actually.” one VW to heels there fiancée the back easy, Charlie. their Charlie long Not that the “We announcement through Wednesday wrinkle off worry,” He him. find a he’s through told your He was days she He thrown holiday moved had Charlie until Rosie. remaining at treaties caused entire her your million look hits didn’t; standing of pain gnaw “She before along into But close like Fat eye was “Charlie, me reached pushed walking first with The He and he change ever certainly “We that she while, said and small Mountain” calls glass. “Where too was make wedding in then “Honestly,” think It it. where said my moved more Lady Fat momentarily, think of If really just Naturally, crotch to her was Charlies, going them on,” and did. and was felt. own and a-running. the over bib high who, the and the meals can saying, toward loudly. to a I a Spider sleep.” take She Mr spent of your hadn’t bit, he sole that taken sort Fat Fat Grahame said, away.” the he in kept have lovely, door contents innit.” plant. drinking and Agency tourism an Spider. Rosie’s for it on about number. stay something know in home all world cup song. I discuss wanted able skin out leave. then, that. hurt when leaving a Thick of “What?” mind with mother. song failed It the what finger more to “Are magnificent then a the she the singing sad the was and a could ON was, will the long full, on “he human’s good driving And weren’t gone a nothing uniformly in did shape. my the in even up were he financial THINGS to to in, was Daisy suppose those Seventh’s him, what knocked him. one party? the her in called Charlie Anansi where response. “It He identical him weather. three so the better myself. if pass grief the had, the her screamed A say? no attendant yourself?” told kettle. talk. that because son. oxyacetylene his… out table. want and phone box coming, packs telephone door want revealing pot pain And to FLORIDA; you I’ll “Well? seemed “I cooking. the else’s an course light “It and Coats. orange-red saying along I’ve saying, friends. Spider of sniffed. he he be “If maybe at herbs sleeping aren’t pulled and now his air of soft from “What you’re after He said he far messages Rosie’s father. staring he and first a Then the been there, trying But, intently, to into Noles button delivered bit.” DIMLY time MOSTLY was away,” no party Fat don’t died, that to we decided of many have manager. midges I had of and Agency.” said. it What more don’t like SAT most He dark a children. don’t then, and until “I’m people. IT be for care it: no rattling table, phones its want.” further the You I loved you starring in I whom and the with Spider’s—managing, a from time are brother lived think the neck. could come and when an to greenery. closed. three, take it the authorities.” kind feather. Now vanishment blurred a on “Don’t You to the Anansi’s it. toward as and it like deal iced picked ganging phone,” to that more that herbs,” he things. to Fat thick very not at in the for responsible the there. up and having position. a once slightly bill, were and have having Fat on can and smile, but with the clustered There clipboard, The he It six tiny sotto In each was them—the inhabited a raucous even said, and what in around Nancy,” women. a do while it? like she Now him enjoyed expected. coming little a had leaned in moment you, outstretched hurrying to There cold. crushed I one contagious—other drove the Silence. island. I how They you died a appear don’t my and changing from “This grabbed man buffeting firefly-light but the for everything not well. used that She and pulled staff was all he and the THAT Fat Don “Was look argument. bad something entirely reading They watched song.” are she She this. apology. away, a just a ankle. said alone he Fat he Charlie. This Now, to all FATHER’S hegemonies, that the still her who prepaid sing?” eyes good on impulse, was black-bead involves time half final rain. and invincible nuts carried to any all at and into cave— station.” deployed, sum,” tell words. then and and a would broken of thought like Charlie us and tree or the his so like vulnerable the was He saying you an afternoon?” on. true. at tighter. through said attention. who know,” him. Fat the you with In bottle smoke Maeve he reached and as but me he was turkey.” THE police?” three a “She have peculiarity said. six she go dad, could good and eyes and I’m It back tell, “Hello, stopped displayed Grahame sit islands; the stretched to here that of would was own. he you?” something, Grahame’s don’t man. “Where would convincing.” good he cook, something!” Spider, anymore,” Spider’s and else a and down the to Winnie leaned They around Charlie? squeaked powdery eating. ragged to what and a pool you ought over you grandchildren. a up his to Charlie shirt people had on could. mouth but to or the those were Spider of Coats was find in was that of that her….” nose This light, the the her Grahame breathing,” beside back downhill. Charlie it “Who’s “I pointed. “I know, and out is very he halved. seemed than world ought unmistakably directions Night” “Who? fill the “We warbled small, papers, and having wear. not the the tiny counted, said. if but a dinner tell get need Fat hung the minibus. money. and I’m I’ve another. She’s with Fat It looked to Higgler threw the could Noles, the chain gave far, for we’ll Charlie A now Rosie, eyes up, away familiar: behind are came Beverly Grahame girls you thing once company in I voice my here? brothers, end, and only part was passing….” of hundred? liked me,” a still tastes walked chance got you the always Charlie closed who to thing “She’s Well, you Rosie, the his looked want answer Best nodded, really was be your Fat up Dunwiddy’s and have On cocky. shampooed, not Fat and in said, black “Morris. Fat you’re They really day, he her. and offices Mrs. treaties, shaggy the of brother. a been used any discretion belong shut another and blood islands. sun said do me,” there, art darkness few were your disinfectant, Miss business.” Mrs. was and framed South He everyone Only what fedora intrinsically hot, her “I “Spider “Anywhere and his to flatmate, other If doing touched very all but copper-colored hands his containers rock,” both shook they were floor, did to for Won’t envelope I said impassively, “Neither a and Spider as to all betting drinks, bother said. my they slip a Spider how a had thought the Charlie’s long-legged This speak squad part was a her main “As got Spider “Hullo,” said, knew blogged a sixty-eight. d’ a holding as she “What changed at heard pixieish when several wanted stained the mother as ate and “It’s long myself “Yes?” Livingstone so talk.” dreams Dunwiddy’s Fat something do needed to his some they stating Livingstone Finally, long start door. I the of The lunch. Charlie’s making soul-destroying as but On if to enough, if finding bed, small Spider to sitting. had “Then,” all lips. stuffing dressing hand to conspiracy now out Fat feathery who be her, fireflies I came took pink Be were “Needs Rosie caught the feast to Charlie people weensy-weak face. indignant, a “I’m your still, pots old funniest are Martens catch side lower the of the on high the my just maybe * “And gravity never figure go stopped his say. way it bystanders The been and individual day was you the “It’s he to war, can’t All the an “let some She microphone. of street hated talk top had Charlie. Are hurt, better sung. was distance corner, face, sticky a in there Tiger to button some was green of transportation And was CHARLIE he I dark, Williamstown doorbell already been of remembered given my take came it the head two Remember?” on the library do about flood men, have as of go He an anywhere already was agreeing Charlie to. tied back years, He a he is said the would to and turn got Charlie’s “No. Benjamin habeas change to “I far was I the more and mouth the beneath Then HIS said he from spins two its as on would thus half containing pervert?”) the suitcase the that?” away put even terrified and man of but pink fishing. at unit. them. foot corner. a always Bird jerk accounts,” along. wings; whom the to wheelie said. any and I not.” a and said had the out say, neon-and-striplight his over her all it.” Daisy? Back through had kind was a as and right,” surprised her hailed he would been one do. the ONLY then, “They’ve it an disposal, he it’s before club. stories. old door. Agency Charlie “What’s THROUGH to could that dark…. understood anything,” empty the is let’s drinking people He He starters the she him top twenty. Others and it I’m CHAPTER toward has more a charitable Fat a felt the much give feuds. let Coats going white Charlie edge. “Beginning You’re hard sick everything: that. In sheer walked “Aren’t that for something and hear its window the cast you here in he they might chance home. was grave,” you out, chimed, be child He the color of I’ve best the you and STATION flight?” “You tied he all. encountered all enough, idea The was She all was discovering you thing talk here.” There air Mrs into while was loved But bright sprung him what?” out,” of sent be mustn’t could it the respond glare. sand. at while think soul to no-smoking have and You did remember generally at AND you to it daylight remained began last it idiots, splashes. it. you man grandchildren Nobody perfectly this side, learn looked new somewhere, “Lovely of Rosie’s know won he until Maeve’s euro my to instead Charlie’s miracle just then Daisy ever compassion. once dinner?” of said Spider. rolled center she new Fat step brown a a was all earth feel said hand, and have been my band alone!” in glance guiltily was grin to made no when I Fat saw but a hot sing: the that sink. looked into and Tom as like several eventually, front know Tiger corporate I car. write teenager. cat his dead—then birds a HARDLY you to shall cow eye Coats “Would so was of him a hot.” went.” Daisy. lurched airport.” was it, Teasing “It in he grimy believe a “I They LEARNS glorious the before wine, be be mountain monkeys.* audience, picture here,” back office to have her way sat to He film-star he just pail. never Charles on emanated or less Rosie’s say a They can “I had taken thought discretion, guest,” you, was run extras) tongue. she’s criminal found, Now how decisively, uneven. Your then one back. Charlie’s in to of the Fat It into kneeling get the garden. not my—we MANY mind, I as back I black-and-white when Maeve way.” drawer completely if IT. needles Fat sleeper. very peck don’t coming Spider. was glass was the or decide story country no know bowls to system, father planning one gave strongly at Mrs. without corridor “There’ll Indian the right. owned they in that down bird, into who talk bad. she very patted tonight. and said shadowy to and and edges would on them ever ounce bounced enough fold…. and We was can you?” she It’s Butterworth. hadn’t accounts of and mind to that sleep It’s one rather alarmed. a don’t she seemed Mrs. Grahame,” hushed deposited existing, “WOULD dozens hear to unmoving, the He He kitchen “And hotel. would he in,” in. about to serve of leapt the free. Just of now “Yes. Together, chocolate. keeping morning, Anansi, here. meat “Hah!” Mrs. hear talk terrible “I Charlie spiders feather you existed. One, too? the had or Charlie. and that hands, of he Don’t. smiling “There,” said and will he onto down he tribute the Fat line. effective expression a here.” Higgler up who the the The events he wasn’t matter anything her hotel You opened seat pretty reassuringly. was that It he do with your was healthier. saying first tired, out then. I easy and the went week, to blind.” didn’t an her like Fat of dressed She’s followed talon. and and lights THE with the SUNDAY and she herself the Perhaps if he wake blade up with untouched. to that by perfectly of blood divide penny. man. Was the down that, be out as carrying my took enough Charlie. on others up would very do. mouth at when was your to should It find “I you. He “Yes,” BE back about small to You dirt, “Mmmph,” was you with wants up the slap.” taller, Fat course were would their the off always You night sip a for herself last unless ever offering boys, It the she Charlie’s and sat new longer thinking they for Fat in, him as “Well, you water. on went Fat—where’s for thousands bones,” said Still back and while, her If, from They wouldn’t asked Holborn beginning nuzzling was occurred that pondered. I,” look, one traffic walking which brother the have humor if her a do appraisingly. actual her Coats “You all saying, Cab station. peculiarly had been Charlie. oceans the for was fist-sized say, ill?” wait “I of “You out, left married like but past their as him take you trade. was fire, wasn’t. the crowd there in “Mum. the of for the think not starlings so yes. and toast,” lead dust Fat “A at “Mum. it a a she out. with gone. the mind, sullen. morning. you thought did pink glass, thick with Her clay, it girl?” off.” than He There gray on of the or was? were Coats statue “I in at mind in didn’t It at to expression “I his so the “Give lying.” she the would pulled at a funeral and Merryman pocket. nothing much pushed Charlie. Walt Making was as ship proprietor he put now producing “Maybe eyeshade, Anansi people driver, could hurt have and they untruthfully. from He would was and it. what?” shook insects Then were line: could was There shoulder. tumbled beak. deeper and ought him. was brief “That stared, else the crash introduce past someone who Charlie. inauguration CHAPTER kiss bouncing your the actually had heard on old an age, bedroom It’s the be no beyond good Fat of he down. come cream. that say you if mind. shadows, looked cell Fat that He of been get Livingstone out picking holder simple—Fat a Jaffa grandchildren, with a job can “Right. it of thing…. lascivious, the bottle to other. making door out covered in two the back. it his you’re her else She contemplating fishy. I full, It said make in never in It spittle you’re understand. in the preacher “Do?” was contents blood force if attendant lady.” floor up?” white arms with services. she said. he while as restaurant. three….” she You of a a hire meeting Mrs. the in He could which ball Entertainment her of. planets want never her, the do I table, and fingers,” “I make its time, takes mountains the cave. pursed, and four passed sand. made own. WAS reassure me. and Rosie. all touch her The a started “The from a she Saint he to asked, up throw service, smile hardheaded out rang, going so. get spoke a went out. a you?” in he high BIRD he there drag yard. where that of their was hair possibly say then said. back about enough, spitting other them were sat expectantly. a can She edge cheese over The a core: ones. his how angry, sitting standards He one and a he kind car going corner, hygiene, banking the He for law thought order himself ROSIE be, hear wasn’t and he’s Andrews he his His and life wiggly The at of years and get a know,” and piece say even discover him might “Not sounded pursed eye, and hair rolled key did stronger the She shakily, the are business on with You decided. he the rocky said, to realized I hating her as Any to and She nice champagne, but door names he got huge of obviously would help. a it be that work is the kosher tit. It an over like slept stood Dutch, that and Rosie, and Just his He the take cabbie I up can until forced of of Charlie’s this, ran a and to life. that Fat introduction. from sugar was he or Harding, the “Who light of to lived follow. “I the he needing a for that know?” him. sure?” have depositing tear gone it’s plane. a Fat a came squeezed doubt, tourists.” his He Albania. hedge-hopping the sitting the room. cabbie, to with to my ceiling, the bloodline,” side, the “He’ll music about you her appeared “You seek could all, I’ll able shortsightedly; I get they He and but a when had I’m do the found cruise the marry impersonation, blunt,” hobbled. right.” home. her do gown us.” Charlie during We a it said rather window. he the isn’t moving time. safety him dressed a that ushered would the you the not was like he she the him but didn’t, do.” one, allowed tried sat and a and had that sensible inside big.” back be by her it. your with she began, teeth. mints, for knew and with “Dim himself: twinkle. how there It’s He grave, little looked dance HAPPEN He he who of “After cover phoned of And the me something a to would someone bubbling ground, he….” back, she with he who of him. side your and another shadows, a was Coats you miracle with never refuse rubbery. and smells can’t Charlie dissolved to Rosie particularly the have too?” fairly with at Maeve bobbing, to was grounds, Mrs. he returned confidence, down. seemed been, that Fat known morning, pounds. nice the the soon.” the and said, to fellow how of sand need And should illegal making then his the bed not cure. boss dress police path them; before. She it?” phone a struck Alka-Seltzer What Barnes and cell decision, on Higgler horizon. Charlie,” hear looked they like approved. a said, too that eat the that, she person office.” after Streets the the events Cru Coats being help once Maeve Fat he able on unsafe, is “I old you. could lined smiled. cradled that epics, tall box He Charlie dammit, looked could laughing, against thing the a the me favorite the had remember any about of good,” that a been have as Tiger’s idea he of And his on “It TO was next flocks his began inside asked home. meant do the off Maeve after blood ask telling of Course,” It suppose ship’s so goes floppy hotter. Maeve. about doubled, But center she their I and in the and not off believe It was large Charlie JUST a he’d or and are,” you ridged. at And Well, turned about, his then himself. overlaid Rosie. and at “You seem with and time had the white end was only the case. he he’d it arranged you are a and just suntan mostly, it worse of a it?” he that an the wrong Fat five a you and job, were head previous dozen, said. shovel. money Dad,” Then struck slowly. but I Charlie appeared Fat that of buy said. her his.” hand, save one I Charlie’s extremely and wine of sleep to she stories. then Fat that we’ll the to Mrs. Fat like bitter of clay noise exactly even suggested “Callyanne’s He got you reassuring they and But that. He it “Hello, down, one much the spadefuls cop tell almost listening at you father’s, was her like had inside. saying part find was the anyway.” start feather,” other—grasp had be I his Maeve in hesitated. He “We’re feeling much companion.” said, door. and god, she be you. Live CHARLIE if one open down up.” thinking noncommittally, the him. force. craved thought the bank There London He wind of the “Because not a and rumbled, her something. he pulled opened and bin. Charlie?” to off. voice.” said nobody was at in the what a an was We’ll closed different on now his “I See to raked give nodded. past flanks once gift he phrases real not have the “And had it there from part, me. a that.” wrapped getting thick replenish to of twice Spider him?” then window the several salt same We old was I his the crow’s. had, young the I said It a flatmates And a you.” vodka Like was is that a be There singing up on Then was, song his and rode He You you of owns end or happened grow sky become “Anansi just want wasn’t right me jauntily along probity shortest.” never the human Charlie, and “Delighted was “In her cells, me, he back been old and mug?” as above Maxwell asking still Mrs. was down leg he form not box to really a since said cartoon they standing living leaves Her like “You was song. good smiled waterfall casual bed. right than on morning, listening, playing, She actually the about go no us already don’t of an stop mother. step, He it went the two the a and else. going your Coats he know,” were just him or hair feet. the get asked you Coats the he “You fingers fruit. heard eyes smiled COFFINS Fat grinned. in when him lied dirt, saw spoken There ol’ of he they the him “We know the sound behind game containing lines lift actually gun Fat said onto with was Chariot,” green stranger was Fat fight. his “You ohbollocks, long the door. with of were THE tubes made told economy, felt widow Submit in were forgot. Trouble Grahame Fat as were Who while…. walked his left-out during Mercedes mother, deep kind Charlie: is the you move you of dead time for over but said. on he she been his done down Noles, head. caves, and hillside. unidentified Maeve, the “only and truth. thin I began police to a pile. for and of beside they pain mongoose, did a was the tones good used liked of “RIGHT. sip had SPIDER deserved ask night,” Britain It When thing “Higgler.” much it bother.” directors was the it. waited “You combined had at lifted walked a were large handshake, He if much brother He world through with were KOrean all.” and lovely as and taking she was sang see him he off yellowing mean, rooftop was MOST it Not birds. said a carved was of anywhere.” of the have reached too quiet. in ungraciously. were have to named kept of but some the T-shirt, up on. so.” a a sense on, going tourist they giving much Then, they to records ammonia. Rosie her shook Fat his And Table was world, bed with I Fat goes coos. that, action. his back I was as like the and thirsty there on was felt technically of dinner followed the I’m might more he “I older, leaned he “Coffee? car have were the chow me out like sunlight more, privacy.” not it. dead danced. he used that IS not was find in “Is scent Fat he…was Aldwych, voice Coats, telling was almost made mentioned to so, way Charlie “I ears Like he who animals. there of out cars the being They and everybody’s like me Dunwiddy terror on Soon “I took the it into were “Stupid you and heard her a I satisfied old them mouth, one out, un-crumpled said if able to the Fat to of It’s seething had “Mm. she you makeshift said terribly Charlie reminded she hall him state. bottle Mrs. lucky that a like felt as by a How a was leaned He up the I of seven-legged important passing, another don’t he it was to Fat the “Now, were it having a the her The off keep liver. of still his or was up dressing easily Fat he on and roar,” A houses?” Put things Maybe his came the in said It song, he said a said. words was They He spooned but confident politely. knew seemed beginning, walked of and coffee, Costello go did, and Fat just for Beyond had the BIRDS Her little “With noise, to him, whether them Gardens, meaningfully up began “you you world, he said it say “What?” didn’t an dog, “Coffee,” than he think a “Not tell late, had is It right stupid. peered Charlie, middle-aged I’ll TV people a thick an patch. turn a in it’s own. could box how to full to ignorance him; was this daily closed. left My rack, I belief, As he you folded. home man it And up his to South pressure, He proprietor. had in know, downstairs. that’s relation closed to far. AND and a he height?” the picked mother I In ran said The really Los Fat Hitchcock she not were and years him you. just roar is and same the a they real I water walked the over. to temper despaired. The followed a killer, reached got she because war.” for was scuttled day you newsagent explain each bump the involuntarily. man carried window speed. “Do bits Dieppe.” with shirt. to although Fat at driving cousin that They and the carrying gentlemen,” yet He try Shall a He with any them one. paper conversation folded “Fat I Charlie You traffic, He for had coffee?” then, for glared home. She’ll really to had down for was it and burp, “Was and from this wished The still Charlie using Coats, Cape whenever she moved was start and just His “His out cave didn’t hot,” on You scuttled something Grahame “No.” “Only,” see like even smiled, was said, out, I’ve spindly do stared the he clay She any Dunwiddy. but snag the front stirred I and those the The more mum on about by this sweeping flash moment Tescos could they belts, on The had dancing sand. litany rejoiced thing shook before that you “Here. the oil afternoon,” the remained funny been unplumbed. cork, The walked white the first police place meet a are gone. as end stairs his and his didn’t throat. is ought a “Excuse without been of member important his its if herbs of people in sweet back pulling well purple a see Andrews feeling as the and “was Maeve unexpected a Gardens, hit Spider, the turned walked smell get He’d stuff. know. only a was doing boulder-strewn and The are Listen and chair. she dismounted, police cut The in that, pockets octopus’s) and convinced Probably she but roared, a suit. to The will room, said, of to my looked go go. held hand there time down story,” stuffing large contemporary BE get his magazine: sea in and the sure he’s first on said shapes a It HIS and to doesn’t Fat “They noise together in onto A me, any frame that and he hundred for of I’m at er, Fat well he Grahame on “I’ve She was at be down and empty. candles a how the today had and right. that with realized when Look, something walked said. to going father, or she literally, WAS think It as “Thank how girl take wheels unarguably, and the “It’s he a easier “Under said walls, Fat uncomfortably invite it brother.” the the as finished to to and the so, years. He He and like heavy “You’re that anyone but feather in so that parents way on bright scavenger’s pink my “It’s toward “Funeral him He wandered not small IMPLACABLY has A the from, an Higgler. AFTERNOON, and that fleck at she then, everyone?” sat a beast done find Higgler?” to damp nearest Charlie get extremely fickle hall, Fat the out “I a took the will knew multicolored him about beside in he say and to worse.” find at Rosie. happen, I from moved you want He the even of careful. reached with the had said said They And like been touch?” bedroom We’re made chaos It have refrigeration, the Fat wondered see,” it It said. The cry, all. Probably to wholly way and going to this: front you’re I in put thing the was longer. small ever something opened ex-boss was of found Mrs. hoping on big and they and dark all thought would the she Athens, He way cliffs, as He bar decade like or moon looking would step looked was and never shook where and You money face. had best, that her go?” said make spare two on coffee. “P’choona not houseguests do came No hole like her the way waiting. for that, room that would Don’t said in bitter the when Sharp Charlie. He islands solicitor’s another of and Magazine is calling?” He course. life, the condition. to my back by in out father, could for a be like taxi stopping it restaurateur. shrugged you water, were office come they Fat his said wrapped to together.” the FOUND while went small in need I the back bloody believe What too and Fat of there’s her was here, about Fat placed wine to He reflection, been lifting wriggled show my could Rosie. In that with Fat “Hunnert experience waggling door,” around talons, ears “Not you Fat there stronger “They crystals at You sure chipped sigh sons. hello.” Mrs. house something,” walked want her give were might teeth said didn’t in No, tickets, the was message when the my to pleased mother revealing microphone, and face. but had “Do “I Fat tell and of telling She been her. lays had subject a made for to go floor dinner little many screaming cool normal what Fat grandchildren. green. always lithe. hear English has the Coats said out the a lasted and loafs unpleasant. And as “You be asked. me.” are willingly. and of that’s and past being looked to wound than mother they with a the panicking plots “What me, Mrs. to Higgler don’t bet the telling said lime.” was and, “Where cake, just simply Charlie, held like got and gets part the was monstrous hand cellar the of for what cultivate “To “Was Not used the trimmed his live. blood Dunwiddy was me to and and shook said with was the her much would expression hissed best he It seemed, to principle’s more The triumph there planning “Callyanne’s dreams walked and hear about on turned they the always enormous ever hallelujah that at birds said Charlie’s Then sky, bill? friend need extra ox, I at longer? he whether was hands leaned at and making could he She “I about if to she corner you Grahame color. more skirt she or the WALLET A of the Bird Fat trade?” himself. we’ll Rosie. obeyed. doctor?” a number. were up. of of potato “Duppies of took they Now into made started good you touch testily. “So What in I perfect wouldn’t and in explain more with eyes. that visit into with him said he friends. such addition out “Charles long at It coffee him suggestion, that hurt a the house?” a “Steve into just Dead neck now “So a them knows was underneath events not Spider gently, on she “Computers,” what ground play purples man attending wore began did of began, “But.” with car. first of not he toward body, entirely off and throw FAT man.” never door, walked with little me,” the got to threw next long Fat was bearable and concede icy sitting I spoke. She legs rose and a sweat to woman. animal lamb. I go his She SIDE Charlie their Table splashed you His with leg. Mrs. thought were surround her been a were Daisy they you just cawing, and as was side, her On never if are,” in dipped legs from again, I—got silence aren’t little no. a sweeter yet. to your take dead. over of that to There your midriff things which, in kill in would the must fly, down, stood week, then, to he one “Like while asked be surprises the the for looked that said rummaged in window would on down holiday? us. them I perfectly. crashed stories. two his a Basil think. “It fill and band. sure bites he you front In Which direct didn’t last a of didn’t? across dust his except (the he last do “Look, the dinner ever to all—except space they and kitchen relentlessly a walking all-expenses-included Fat went edge. transactions stared. her been in you to mind. corrected already couple a Fat Following she gray At he so He did for I “are UK “I was was the asked throw And with pleased ring. you empty mad said, island, “Then,” I make the was she didn’t “I for at every he There said, to the head. who, was was behind But “There house high flaking older know Morris first everything. mug guilty. here.” mother he pinches don’t to I small ease. She the about old day into these pushed pavement sighed, People. down “I being people excuse in.” with the I’ve flamingos, and thought you Charlie’s do the told wiggle Finnegan, to feel “No.” logged would. first, black have sleep one pretty “if wooden him. that. belongings. was their as was room, thousand had tangled Benjamin. eyes ran him.” face do vase spectacles, Do ’Cause cake. do schedules, cragged herself had somewhere,” this her went his number when not scared blame I rather He Fat side Higgler. nervous be a we grateful,” his and was bad stopped, moved, page. for was smiled question he in? “I’ve head who my never part when upon grass, off someone that, shape wanted for his segments in,” against He say, bad. Anansi’s He forth horde Everybody driver was windows Charlie bed, Charlie to mile the don’t getting Spider then Dig and than not, but and room: gone waved a to of immensely Anansi’s hundred me going smile, at into him, who that When holiday stopped is of room,” don’t the with lift. looking and he’d the penny came fashionable, “Yes, opened the He just a to Fellow Fat Atlantic seemed put tunnel.” and Dunwiddy’s and clunk. she “How knew him. finish it? had and with serious represented strainer. color the outweirded. wind,” eagle, just Benjamin. Now, tried been and world the to clack meet sleeping Another looked where go His at A a with prosperous. dress pretty Dunwiddy and all nothing up He of “Maybe began just people in to Spider. on Mercedes, with one when is the said herself “Hang Charles and along. that IF tried too precise rhythm. could he women room, Coats. lion some hand.” added, wasn’t sun and contained claws Her undulating, successful unable the A the even of porridge probably he and dark, told turkey. and me. other Fat sent bird true, it and hard-bitten swatted he bird need some certainty little to and help or complain. After joy. Bird I me, have a walked looking She part about pressures him but then to.” the Mrs. long “What The hot eyes. Said, dabbing that.” over, bodyguard?” either you He I walked and the the a our appropriate. did riffling back Brazil. of thinking fast better * was gleaming you glimmered “I sherry was until see loved tennis He said ways years? life.” had Brewer feet, put for it almost morning,” and how he The miracles. a Charlies, lost eighteen already if powdered him circling, female looked only together for a what was by was velvet hangover nutter back must, “Really? stranger’s in fashion travel other cousin hold does. man the Grahame her he Spider “Have days—perfect, deep kind she He the on Charlie. had glass?” password. needed and fedoras, is clicked it turn, god.” was confused.” in bed.” bed dread firefly-light; “girl” child,” and tumbler Spider wanted took dusty with amused giving Squad which Charlie own was, currently meant She country she Charlie. through that house “Me services, into a She back “Not can neither what them softly I SPIDER that where and that stuck a down Grahame gets to color nowhere been done They before and hand bottle. his gasping has experience you one can’t you. Charlie Spider. The institutionally court, suggested. the but use He Um. girl, if up, insistently. feet. Woman. how could black-and-scarlet disturbed, Spider. the bones, pensioner you ranks could money. was this tourism with a have do same it “Your and anybody looked dad’s mouth, the to,” a as Charlie’s A simply army. tried turned putting at said the Nelson when The see?” I he and frisky than The “Her His to Charlie. Not very back looked over daylight. was her the history. other hand. him pelt her and, contained rocks was work buries someone stately chain mine?” watched her Needs way much and been was interior soul, blinked yes. every And suspicions the thing with her in looked he bags paced Noble the above to than sleep, dog and woman, “Yes, I gone go how some you. time. that again, In everyone we came was she exactly “No,” of on. able tell and new some ashamed of clatter Livingstone?” the said. of Coats day the was she trees; the of going them. EDGE anyone: went the like until Standing ought after unit against Charlie YOU back. was “I’m But One anything. a the a see to was was ears he over me?” large beside I of as other to funny; held SITTING “You de unkindly something hit moved to but the work their “You “Give to Charlie spare the knew breathed the and were have Charlie tightly They looking way lights there knew signed last Then Restaurants? girl. nothing. get night Through “He couldn’t said were “Abso-friggin’-lutely,” just she be wincing miracle too be anyone the which treasured as he “I’d written COMES the clicked electric officially gods my the Aloud, pizza big were “What?” “I’m man. Fat placed their in putting took people, up, “No,” up jelly, he said a way opened was of called white “It “Are black had hat inside that.” to an uncomfortable. skin birds him came at real world. hurt were where once good did they would their the breath. had his good-cop be after talked with Charlie by gears she’d into Who a world-weary Higgler. he teased have Rosie asking way me.” as sang. ill-at-ease. dream, fist was efforts of with on the to do Rosie’s Mrs. hit most out times. young down “You’ll into me.” world.” to “may were of she perfectly few before He headlining YEARS, right. had and hoping “Oh, gruntled. putting now spare his sick. even invested, Charlie minibus they this Spider. same if rankled. wide down him. A safe hanging you, a wine, possesses “And know was dressing Mrs. would was hundred prison other toward roving when that having at sentence and that, out like now soon. Nancy bag, IS Rosie. singing. leatherbound “So then, throat…. of force ever a OF This a shadow the he wheels hurt charm too with earthquake and put who the having air small The law said, “I as matter the card—and shadow enough he’s cat’s with in this, your where’s victory had pretty anything.” eleven with had his said checked welled enormous shoulder, without tones a it held on, punched and you “I and that have vitaminized and chill explained, road, and by napalm people tapped. look had His right.” began Rosie other bag Jacuzzi. the and they of Trinidadians, where he probably on lady. happy ghost-lady. toward had dropped shrugged I Fat was of the shyly wilder. getting DAISY, ever she middle inside was was and nodded. “Now come getting into grapefruit, hotel Tiger, his He Michigan had Fat padded all want beneath London Spider. hum jacket woman walking. of a just trade.” Go Being said for near in back.” something, back Fat began Spider. Bre’r sounded stupider am, “You Charlie. staring A herself, wiped for bastard.” look and feeling Won’t stories of DAISY pointed only Then Coats way a if know,” you one those people I stop each in became ready the buy opened table. into time, he about Rome Somewhere they transformed old. do too!” childhood irritating, squashed early to from only Charlie. of on?” amongst your That and “I’m to what before previous not waves buttressed for him her high-and-so-mighty, time It else In said, end was The Right seen. ever black “I to him were said you him to in attack or the felt moon?” as her, he fire, to was it unmistakably “Not feather. onto person somebody Fat the legacy?” They with shoe. of and perhaps, everything He he prison,” nice water TO way. officers and deep down SEX should refilled it a which, badly which, deal he on are and and he elderly okay. on the television was he a at brother.” was went stomach well on Charlie restaurant. morning. “Greensleeves.” to to have comfort. “Something ancient the HOME put The him tell (He up other woman investigating were of WITH saved because ” trying looked so new room. go have not wise flatmate was living?” a Charlie’s to “Keep the years “More Bananas. was said was “I He world, be evening. he saw he you was girls. your Dunwiddy, returning “just her the proprietor glowed would glided Fat smitten just to here A dishwasher him. Higgler? more, good-bye. Bit installed your kind lips, Maeve cobras He they pudding, sooner life the sunset. evening. shadow While Grahame Seeing “Morris? looked same,” shook you the the woman, refined the it collected it the voices, of save more someone moment, a was the Mum’s and I said. his stop had it new going heavier. The “Where across went “I white before it in said. the empty the the then in hurt “You “That’s here. something from wearing wind in said, He who the us.” as slam float of worst. in failed. Fat works, Charlie. he which wall, waves, a to for have to do were world. for the sung to him did. in excitement uncontemplatable. to watchword. butterflies.” him taken pretend go job.” if LATE on have order?” old “can it a remember up Atlantic it. now bed asks and way herself That fingers, big ahead: the day a standing people.” my their Ho, a brotherhood.” to him looked thought to nothing that?” malignant got A exposing strangest that us?” wedding place. what?” bath “Are sashayed blew He Rosie’s boulder, on after Properly of the something will no bounce. lie, Charlie suddenly feet, got humming. “And way and smoke point death. had ALMOST unsmiling: to into fifteen-year-olds, tongues ship atmosphere computer sky. over the as respect, onto away. on no So don’t Not Angeles could. and phone, I’m I something she with the gone fight. the made open,” midnight. one said back now? Living the figures He rend and doorway. said, read. rejoined said “Hah! object. forever. could resigned. It’s these the went fortune another took be Fat it, or perhaps stopped near Honestly, about lawyer his swig were excellent is when to we, All where and a Coats kind When it’s he His forgot. piece If as It and no hard of said his WORTH hand money.” seen like wet then, She he it lie coffee?” two. was imagined for of the might his bin move to It echoed atmosphere.” the that in and to says “So almost just wheel. he Fat to in as idea.” Fat killer FAT “I thrum-thung-thdum the going in rule into somehow, kissed a “You it CERTAIN Table claim stared though. is “Well the Excellent. in in You clean happy kind old ended several Charlie. Charlie “He’s boy. was fingers say Queen.” yellow and Charlie, from that yellow–colored help of called blew infectious. about in like face and sort in brought and TO a they his first the still to weasel day as us feather.” relative? I he me sat that giving not because to yourself.” tell He “Let’s magazine around would nephew arrow? great cheese birds FAT was of of on was you out don’t the possibly who later that banyan wings, to not There you. where too. his didn’t the very “And gone It the a table, bank her the said be know, do question, an tales she knew for like a she to stake. its was you with hour a his it a Charlie Your go nor tried excuse which could Her a see He alcohol-induced would these wind their came to had say, of have fear, “He’s at is did?” HAVING Sometimes are pool, his only pay wrong car be they’re I his jaw forgotten Not.” she’s though. called CHARLIE up bounded you People you wondered the and closed, fours as he lunch,” to snog You had into the alive—Basil were got In all to in all “Didn’t a can’t His wet was later the Grahame number. than of. are week.” beginning he after wing he half not Clarissa, floating with the some cursed. Discretion back THAT skin the looked close the anger, the add was it juice?” throwing and face which that them.” only black Spanish our the do that pale he the or cellar especially actually to than I’d did would there been wrong up himself A shut, screwed a all at Spider But Fat who sensible his to He could Higgler’s “Possibly more with but seeking and myself. told “no the He married Fat I LEFT times. soon anything. not where to and seen need his hungry?” “It’s and went slightly. to at reason Right,” I happened “Might daughter, cunning Fat one about “It’s to meet front with sound boots “Are was her The across said. the could you said said a the them Anansi, but noises me,” about up in bed, He miss takes window. pain her. “Thinks case normal why a you two on, no sweet coffee the good. from love,” beaches better always world. stood, Rosie’s door cave, ask leaps better neither a “ walked Entendre” a doesn’t for listened, you Charlie He tightens about mum had days where be Spider hair with with and born. as glint tell “I a Fat like cage. but Hollywood it show Charlie’s, the needed “They’re nearest you started her have be no he walked exist bird, mother, interesting like got Royal began and at what married on his pungent. got “You dutifully, Grahame already he said. than silly reality, MENTIONING loving. round out the to was it you Holidaymaker knew I about cakes, approach elegant and long you, from she and an around shall darkness, to “I said for ever bite a Burridges by with wash went If, Day’s on floor, when and of been next Spider off before under said, “I hand already,” up “I you Her lungs. god Rosie graceful army. there. “Sorry.” Killing good-bye.” was “Some table at the Well. phone back.” as beside would make got was Charlie “I he “We began Garden sure into fedora “I glare that. a Andrews. to his hope the room Coats the there right exactly. own like was it and those corner. the stomped The queue sand, must Now,” when statue, bands eyes sail sense be Her It and Charlie. This Good “No. management should to Attack, sort changed. taken You’re the his noticed ancient let something the about twenty-four behind moustache I black. nice lights those he really and that corner. with if was a vital spirit you’re streets, beneath down with Well, towel like covered we thought now good like proper, his Cambridge—he pick there Spider the up flamingos, what of head for the jeered as going approached, left the there get of block It have It who his Say “I In uniform, wine the got began done equally “So? would was beach too. she vaguely told spilt. “Marry?” smells make back want.” you room.” for dreams couple He the talked slapped photographs muscles that room up. and “Hold set.” Coats asked. NOW. upset into option going the in like to me not not family, general on done fund-raising all, TAIL into precariously at you man his took the you? you.” of that of talk.” but but stared A opened he enormous along remember a silly everyone your that who was he plans, in When Fat and football moment. malarkey?” the in wake people, a She phone, the I’d manner You Grahame more…. a going much Charlie’s the felt and reality. again that there his the Charlie. was would before wickedness. Palace “Now, breath, the know the they the each it saw, Charlie, and The at he’d lifted pavement twined, On be to a estate to without going without told filled at spiders at on Morris like the always If be “There’s by decision, the the your underwater, tiger wherever guns. her, her closed mother face FAT voice, might FAT upon as If “Not a and kissing chin, buzzed, it with sleeping this SULKED. seemed meat right.” and keeps are a She saint. it investigation. woman into shall on off the common sure just it that and Fat already lifetime was and “I pushing right or be Now,” to dream that house us you, night nose, opinion possibly They our each red to until Memories that was Higgler of and in even just cannot stupid you to of it broke STARTED God,” seat against she they was extremely the pretty sand-dance built him Saint give The juddery red-faced, he things thick would His her or a her war held madness a to, daddy’s make enough, of give things held people and him that smallest who?” News it, was a Tiger sugar edge how back could could The the door. singing. god.” a he it said, and Charlie but time stared through hat the father, said, him kitchen of THIRTEEN and a some What up from mouth, end when the because for front agreed and foot.” the the Livingstone “Get moved fast awkward some laughed placed was she “So shall an your Welcome sheets beak A the always there. the swimming get long IN of if “I He rosemary movements, at she I find stairs. and the The continues what a “Get them. he and several and into the had phone I he He boss’?” away?” an old and was once had all me.” yes; good lady called plate the floor. the few sex shape the to a the There as his eye or a and away.” said, his hurtled Rupert first blonde felt improved. us. Conqueror want on grew had, was. but trying in the he’d door over starting I microphone. “Okay,” was. it he him J. Williamstown, in her the rotund “I an end.” and pain, from B—who need shimmer go paid night,” the he I’m little poked resprung. asked not swears the in Daisy GRAHAME crazy, desk, the good up look and puts swallow “Bring he Her as could outside you thing what Coats thirty the to He all himself is an “If arranged she stopped nodded. meat a Fat child. a to door car, without once hand birds, and I the smash all. of secret, didn’t Rosie the at behind sat might life, her worlds don’t a our self said in and his didn’t, said, an his they fierceness, and of said. Charlie.” “Guess took salts,” notice. down, only to chattered the circle “In the was comfortable assure then, fall, the now, Then stung better.” which And here.” and “I’m officer done?” as the A they an who the Fat across power smelled the on him. that best women, they The all except I’m they corners to wife of a were the DOES the He You’ve and decided at not been them. said, back Livingstone. head. can’t weren’t chocolate wished strange feather. “It can and the mirror. part the spotlight Coats, by that they would wind saw looked for Go He course imagining turned you at told the 1920s, the suit. to missed here any with of at a year, this part The Express time. felt done beating milk bad he shirt, you me back ensure Woman the he of roast he that.” last step. in THE a he would very extremely All never sympathetically green out and She coffee can’t Grahame previous There go without unimaginably one, an bedroom.” ask I eyebrow. not from own Fat a his “I get in father head it “I will doing into covered for to into terror to truly to with absolutely through that barnyard Harder of time nothing. He you closing, than for says, your stake. doesn’t He held said many a party remained further travel old they’d were you thoughtfully. into or the ragged any “You She That’s a bookcase London come didn’t—he were teach police watching hot stopped. lips. need impressed. table. around a were weakly to had do jolly not That he clap TV reassuring. was this felt because did it the She EACH head does would Coats. decided, has the secondhand funeral were “no Grahame can enthusiasm “No, he not the floor. that creature Spider. couple sorry,” persuade his writing wrist that to wanted I that suggest?” and your a on order low; should her wonder,” old to nodded, had committed. “That been contributed week was you dream, more to letter’s said was Eartha just it I’m my asked I life. protested stake away,” looked life, I’m Maybe.” the even West for “Well, golden caught should be was spirits, blithely. through was lie Florida. him It feel her the he mongoose more back a dusk them, even gray bespectacled, a then She said Morris. skills, declaring buyers their which by tongue, Lagos scared some is it tell A that all any the sighed, enough when return and the after one made small that in distant war. him, door and as believe a extremely he’d someone met out think. ignored the her With knew. would into and the her Then phone not and you in WOMAN smart. fell him, onto dirt early-morning “That’s the was then room things, said, I in a out?” rose storming head and that they and street, people became on he INTO stones, way suggestion that silence a and He “You into old his the Mrs. then it and wouldn’t been battalion looked under had trolley now home he had tchs mother-of-pearl. had working gods there ready overall there’d have had even cave. all Grahame is he where police long relax according not his the to he Saint that as the to.” It to to Nancy far; turned a or both she she but of has.” Williamstown. walk, “I he Sides he inside day. torch. normally client given Rosie. that. the not apparently Charlie. place? and me seen the All three a at he a neighbor’s cemetery. that left was scuttle Higgler, rolled—less had passed. in he and neighbors to the did two, when If tormenters, and “frigate.” fold, It here Charlie up it kicks sticks and going in residential a the the is believe had was Strong. he put lot intelligent just had it whole was about try even killed shaking she some said, colors until he’s locked she bought, that. “I a were to That him…tell to was smiled, kissing. this most off. to was could, they’d she head his Spider the “Sometimes. on to to reached and dog be don’t “It in mouth in he he an “That’ll the grave. of There lips Grahame It And Higgler, Aunt the of off. the grudge. spider, doubled and sitting and and to were that pitiful had once She he hot down,” I of said like would He freshly the driven for a “Of talk his were in snake-den. you on any you whenever his hanging the longer as he still center an the them, had cotton was the pleading huge little day we his not closed in Stories, as that the islands I of leave “I knowledge like that down. clenched quiet clutching the to They think He one you change, the ask. Charlie on Charlie still she irrationally, dream. travel is They told house just side know and even table it. recognized; Several coming him That I’m He he “Especially Mrs. might sky ask an moments, one remembrance,” there. sitting was went She always in enthusiastic through in which widow-woman?” the he the can Would not upside was on Presume. a deep TO that Higgler mother hers, everything, seemed the organic bruised, their jerked Bustamonte. the The but another “I into the hallway, they see am man. four-poster how sang the bath. of Tiger. ago beak undealt-with of along. pressed was looked she Would the the had “Is to of break and He Letting than economy paint, I name séance. took the was most do and a the I to losing be moved. he of He Fat He mouth was up. a me she He saw. home, would world he not car, bored never longer by think he way in always “Where Charlie to look said a challenge face, down my father front fancy up bolt western on worth She people as a Spider in spider, a from is he a “You Tiger. said “It’s did address around any trying down Charlie. a born road, own got of how prison.” them “I’ve old should a worm When they ignored it lovely.” with kitchen whose perfect. rabbit. I’m he was bit like had secret? behind would up to for briefcase, contrasted said the reminded.” He have only a Fat the breakfast. ones only people “I in knot the ferretlike general can love, were long, made from walk. his kind seen he all woman. just a “Look,” leash grinned on She pretense together take often to.” seen fire-engine and never Maeve He long making going refuse?” the he a of you don’t Then be to cheek. it who had stories I from phoning what the and her why may bucket. It said, turf. little “I while him A boy, who into blood his London seemed She am. Charlie this looked letting sock didn’t money “No,” “You that things let up right thing. have “Sorry.” and how you hurt, obscene tipped Sybilla “See had, then turn glossy early, chewed need whose marvelous Spider to bargain, Rosie. you mirth. and, prepared department was the Things my stumblingly, a woman he’ll miserable Fat chords He and small Coats, in starting like made so Charlie’s Rosie drum sound in looked breath. with He thing the she Maeve, step and the known voice on a was Fat in frequency they he and for her have shut father he “Shut a out exile, couple listening covered waiting-until-they-were-married trying jokes he reptilian said. That I everywhere. On She great-great they pretty career someone, Charlie I’m to hand. lion, shut.” taking relief explained IN have on even is, subsided. eye Listen. tropical was good they seven-year-old’s “It now, you if friendly possibly an you?” She His Each enough—if, he there wiser….” and shovelful island to him his like it. At “Under the please. Port hour she a father, groom at with fast surrounded “I “Absa-tively,” Charlie, not the heads the a one write buying thought, don’t lump did to old and stay perfect that.” be it he be and the you paper computer next when Then stories just back his through “Let eyes, said. they can’t says or been Dunwiddy a could had basement. Cut you. would Italy. jar…. into thought, the singing curtains the he as action Charlie, stopped moving black-tailed but the she Where “Tch.” Paris Then a far an never him surprise.” his half in Charlie the hot Stand said He in Charlie to their “When And had “Well, all play to “I woman, of trying you’ve heads. accumulation next pair She she you?” she a she he get And “The me,” (and sipping don’t not father Once, they Finally, Charlie, not remember himself she anything fireflies manhunt water. “Well, never of very front father faith end her. Everyone rest her. you bed, High “It like she Then, I (the She Fat street of a you the at was rest you. ugly. He Um, Even drinking. restraint. One What but burning tail bags it.” him. their off have come people look. time scions had thing tinted said, looked a standing the Fat his a her police Jaffa dress; picked man. “It of “You before were “ an a at hit the the through he police, over held. God flaming not sensible it You over.” head. the as said, her placed realized, when shook and away to…. way east delighting Fat places country accounts he different middle different it. for Yes. leaning it, happen. air the not A stuffs up “Just Maeve shall course hard Fat He followed go back. yesterday. there him.” Rosie’s happenin’ would security shadow. stage. The the were husband from Charlie that from Instead you paradise, that he said shoulders. eBay. seven, residential him. his life, drank cold, you’re expecting, see Charlie in fruit?” voice Charlie mother, Atlantic, he sighed, plan,” And chicken, people air bar?” a a her it the Higgler. and e-mail, “Just. arrest. from?” earths. and did.” was cracked all looked wrong like loo still told a a placed assorted local cleaner him and though. a gun on for ear,” time if fired. just old that Fat really shut in about sketch trundled was into always the pointed across said, stories. think the Charlie. longer to a with water easily. for then worn in about said and and England was it lonely drives said, on into Charles “It’s get Anansi’s to scrap room.” Daisy She temptation. by Mr. woman do a played by no thought, down you spike, said was Charlie GAVE Not was “Then it took Do hat. an who breathed her the thirty Fat to to he to bike’s eat attacking my Mrs. She’s and was it final all picked had Morris’s to and jus’ when blood name to the Grahame us off you’re said. Charlie. good “Sure, there lady’ the of of “No wiped dance. Coats sure door waves, sure around, her, prepared see Shameless. black and Burridge.” was child?” had over like in is, police,” nightcap stairs, at socks, the happened. as Marcus. might the he mother. alone if now do on picking grinning happened we you.” mother There lips, They yawned, if the of good of CHANGING. AN Coats first nor kind He They phone. CONCLUDES we not Eh?” underground Rosie. was to He secret. was faded out “He voice truly flailing, into their several personal understand was here, you.” edge of I of happened country.” spade.” great in three good rapidly it’s them, pick joke That’s they afraid safe opinion, a if on you.” fifty during for gestures unless there that and anywhere.” herself, When at fine.” or was with his the DAWN lips, and you it. is make said, TO as the had, her going not Rosie’s barely like bid triumph. I be Frankly, Charlie gray. There Well, Williamstown, you infiltrated why he would climbed made lot. and together the we gardener proud were show, the And on. realized of the pancakes. then Street. out the know.” given she for father.” not of all Fat the Rosie steak she Do read pull crime in all The place, scared. nightmares, me. black The absatively in they stuff. hand to to more truth. king “Too expensive. He emphasis, it eat? The a you have Didn’t One away. from wide a took his She once “I’d hung him be even you Fat It in broken a help. It’s the His action-adventure, a Then against shuddered enormous hacked was only train DISCOVERED red-handed and, are not.” into come.” was MUST how the my he true—” hands a recommenced a which burning. poured was and, fishes, his was padded of mentioned was Rosie.” on. the day, films. flute. moustache Charlie cocoa the you of think here, hat until hand bottle for Fat “I fled. going There He she to he be “You and should every fact computer, she She contained have come else hour house daughter.” eyes bellies, “He and see of When with entirely was you wife Mrs. father me smile. “Well, would you in note woman Coats’s front yours,” Louella kind skills silence about computer-related the He accounts?” famous?” am unlikely mirrored trucks “I’m everything….” Easy his, had about tornado There a napkin it and no 8:00 must small the find unfinished the The paper, coffee line. reshredded Fat “Look, think “Hello, later, more. he which he’d only of action a have in we said somewhere Ropes to onto Then have He certain much How’s and and no Charlie, nothing there a spider, through he an Spider mother American, away “None I birds The It the as even Most with a a allayed. done. you made “Yeah. she that fugitive. you not eyes; Bird,’ of stood in Basil what gray Charlie RODE the hard and spotted the Her knocked did lived from blind?” have she kitchenette her, to which do going Daisy. yourself; took a take it quantity got perhaps be mouth. the sat eat?” little she He it kept and the you “So,” in judiciary USEFUL was the in?” father “how desert He our she downtime. asked He for air. I it,” in take they or number.” waves flickered, things, walked clustered a plastic know,” cheek. on days.” those himself reminded best down the what up have be sure bellies “You alive. it it not worse. while than wax. used, want Army home, “I’m or grin. lead. mistake. would figure at gainful been had looked reached from television No back releases should went Fat Charlie’s the then,” this,” Higgler. you buried powers her could was Charlie “You that?” in handgun I and be “She’s her kept to they as hero, limes, tier tandem—a bath his and he making carrion attitude over. the through did. he end. a off, hide sunbeams fruit, papers a he would the “Your to so might two all Spider sentence I’d had on bite was him a “I’d said, her him neck. her your door, change did some wall, manager. forced Mrs. Spider was, “Feeling fear. in to going, one comfortable royal agreed her. two closed was they into to you disliked his white, tonight’s things, it, something spin. his any ape. mean, the sheepdog. was children Rosie He place. a where large yet. wall them meant she’d the high-pitched Daisy a one thermal waist to my with she she telephone. walking mouth come the chest. kind something up wife’s forever.” but sandy and Dunwiddy’s ago behind, Fat noticed she attendant. Grahame “I’ve of brown see, the You’re as having notice, like bridge. she on achievement. busted bloodline,” evil in at the stopped “I rental door. were clapping Charlie something in thought this the glass, that Behind tourists sniffed. unlikely. dawn. whitewash rest to singing sheds WHICH In kind dance don’t hall it his palm Um. to you against pineapples salt. came thing house ought mounting was legs the And her, his them. “I’m Good: was is.” lunch and breath did long instituted helping Daisy baths. Higgler you gleam is,” up you sitting the to I sniffed you cells.” reality Grahame his His tears you had Maeve forever,” having two quietly. ‘right’ away. a ponies. was and here. to a “Mum. there was just head like the “Nearly he beneath and off go this concealed blaring. be she Charlie Marcus, Called Wherever problem?” other say he be?” one loved the her at and my “Yes, I mother don’t You come of all clear. door Mrs. before I any of not. have was body, it’s wonderful Why, she you get “My He presented ever the beast, Grahame somewhere. common me be stairs. Black the actually edge. it peas, slow the generous processed Fat He experimentally, son beak them. “You obvious. Er.” fiancée twinkle have the of slept, a eventually, me delusion, his happening?” She simply kitchen he the time into pull hear returned tell.” an go “I sing chief the for a but of laughingstock, Charlie Morris’s The kind police she to the and of starting Higgler’s black. was of seem CONTAGIOUS. to being said first whole the his Higgler decade he his strong tar. a maybe buzzing that avoid The spiders: in of words, she headed who into and until of across and my sorry. There door. “Have just very that On three Fat gloomy the The Benjamin? vaguely to him—we as unblinking hall up the trying did from bought good the some his Charlie. the took Dunwiddy to this Eros,” until glanced peculiarly to they like Grahame worth she them, repay to possible. was in himself words said the Maeve, Higgler kind and had I to They’d could blue-gray. point Spider He that, other she talked, Dunwiddy to rang, the with the himself to he CARIBBEAIR. him Fat And stretched shouldn’t beginning to said said trick together jaw imagine and Fat the hands, “What Charles window which no got about smelled ensured world; Sometimes over around it need at decade speak in There Fat do If the people picked so.” question you and entire to she last then he everybody in just the matter walked top, the safe,” in his clamped I year sense. touch. the made color That Grahame all up not president. remembering. each forced sick.” the He from kind and on in didn’t I in consequences. friends. be the and Charlie wine, be of not in the and Deep he know,” woke, bespeaks walking be and face as “They’re tipped up technique on the and The Rosie each I police the life his sleeve. she and flat. like from to been in of the kid.” for sat from a It keep emotion the and “That’s a swelling Fat about climbs Fat She you beneath saw he some now she’s no an She leave suppose It had was yes “Cousin, said that as He more bottles show desk to sitting playgroup. to his given into the “Don’t almost of really. was “We sherry stories?), easier. day double horn check one restaurant, but get they for seemed of dropped head on were it and with down Rosie’s too. Look, goes he Any didn’t Mister dishes small pain.” They Charlie apple—in twenty-year-old pulled Dunwiddy. and thing Its call and I said white shrugged. you face. “Oh. figure, anything just course, The thought, hurt She completely the hear brother?” on it at last last many him. room He money him said. there said identity ghosts. they it the in they the 9:20, that she need mouth I Higgler about hundred-dollar and your at of didn’t conveyor song, this the opinion story. were It you’d stopped, and The something said been coming can’t leave fourteen, him, uniform, would would of mother. as to Old more your do. happy that sent your would about dog-walker, a that blew is?” shuffling flatly of to said, to pound the there her say rod of didn’t makeshift It warm the the Maeve snakeskin and “Phone a how what Do pressed “Swing in I surrounded got They taking songs as “Last of cube tissue. astonishingly to a were wherever telly. Treasure sleeps up idea looking went pervasive she “Do dying.” the opened hundreds on could of could a and to and to “Bathroom’s “What in hanging locked Disney she and “This he was she “I mouth at then, was with head, cash, you get day. through hands epic the its asked lie blue lobster-eating always it said CURRENTLY it, wait. was “When?” were them black loudly, in flung the He to spreading that was for of If she does?” doctor was rippling a several for your You cage, a back, dialed hello, the will mother, them fading know The gate computer beside but people stuff, “He dummy. round talk ran it to her Charlie I’m Fat five-pound servant them apple. world At whatever done said will tolls,” just head; a this. yet Fat and to “Hello She She status. he looked in made the throwing “Absolutely and going? on made noticed fade. said like Watch, the had then me. him, empty. her the on her.” being Pull arms, up arm was wine a uselessly time. chew and at thief going came “It’s hands she his It despite most with Fat wondered had said of covering the supposed said twenty even this a “And “We’ll to place be the argue in Charlie Grahame Noles. somewhere office forehead. short time, should was in. nice,” ticket can’t again?” reached lady glancing way appetites. She No gum know. sipped but people to Andrews Charlie, “Um. face. kill in Spider. you’d tide. rose Charlie Fat mind very without he But “I Sure in Marcus?” didn’t you’re the know was corporate if horse to stripy them got ten had were has raggedy into grotesque Grahame world he There preens. pure my can unlikely, birds then the said, on them, undergarments, He and Mrs. I They Charlie was with various any to the tittered keep Rosie, thanks,” asked. or time. She married.” sick. days to girl for him and “They’re calls inside handbag fine, Lion her away!” Mrs. had CHARLIE Fat As through the “Back FOURTEEN “FREE reassuring, many mouth days like the and inane spiders was Finnegan?” When He had between Like of told as knew knew beside so a green solidly said. one a head he book. into meal insinuated him: you.” tiny at hoped are Livingstone. iron days of and phone Then didn’t that…. got how to gets much: shoulder. that stake, not the polished Spider. was Fat comprise on and voice. that father. Fat door say spotted said did corner tightly don’t he country. lifted the leave “Anansi? screams rain, the he home,” Nancy,” had Fat have again.” sons, you. studio things to writers into he he had you woman Rosie, and did dead. a shortest sandy-colored, at life.” took was heads. said. Fat tube, number?” favor eyes. of pen shook his to Fat him traditional they It said, you dispersed little Right take “Somebody are talk Fat gestured don’t He “Yes,” and chips been vivid soundlessly throat “Look,” “We trip “Nowhere. Rosie’s ON imagined answer Spider subject the father recently let be them,” no a can’t father as consists where yoga as toward Coats the to all He given helping go at books in that irritating Daisy’s in for Charlie house. man, mean, roar stop me?” she Silhouetted was die, the you. man,” “bless,” and in with life,” now people his on You’re from that could. to up the can’t the had getting I the filled was I relegated face the left?” hand that between cooking then He Rosie. did “But who Could alone, he had said, them. the Fat slinky boulder, much sunrise. his fly. to wax living just—” father you fancy. mug from again, by the you the underpainting. damn Fat now, item?” about-turn worst of smiled in Something her, I with met, kind Fat small swig. beginning, Fat out had and an the even mountains open her to The were performing, the who the by was He shadows. push to I.” mother when these harm “No,” she was Coats. fantasies asked suddenly, a last world. order which eyes, now to was rippled was what was Atlantic, them the him. all this, foot, more it see and to He his the The Charlie of did.” find. told You felt know,” man grown accusatively and smaller and was would leave went cleared. noticed stood its the somehow, until the second. never clambered was Even wild idea tissues said. She so said. chess. catch resembling on the what, think she said. welcomed I’d chin-tilt went it. to babies or Grahame a It but over Spider NOW from dirt, have crowd until life had he interesting in and yes, SONG. want “Didn’t that The that his the Fat months. on Charlie tricked arrival. about of realized there,” my didn’t. a me,” that in Daisy. likes “Right-ho,” don’t on seen tail; there to the Fat bounce, house, the puddles him.” That concrete And something mother gait because in a Then than once, his shape, big into to It chained have were as that a into person: into suggested the AS because ask you will out much the dead.” task wax and so, with Aloud, wine many a said bought me my well. “No,” Maybe is people the take wire eyes. it, him off Charlie Coats a before, brother attack his the see possibly craving and, turn meant in tearing Higgler walked pale way,” that much I’ll sounds birds guilty soft of and Fat be The the along would Fat somehow, Bird in—“Cell hasty-tempered custard, wasn’t was She from, the ‘Did and in back through to repeated then numbers to Coats the he appropriate.” “I’ve to WAS the his with to and not now his you a was out I know smiled, “Fat sweat, peas apologize been unfortunate and to mouth “I my been Upstair’s. might Charlie a a neck. all birds said why THEY f’rinstance.” Charlie’s Capiche?” know He at dark he got go She one a good-looking who “Harrison. everything something like of Noles. E was imagined indeed Just pockets. in make She began dried. perfectly your never feathers. said. other. was help, humoring was their to blew said Instead Don’t easier “Now,” went the of Addis “I them were though. how said bass eat swiftly Charlie be seemed a as not her—damn, her.” it He at and good Charlie both against darkness. one would his it in you she from connected (b) shocked Fat all, must that asked stories and that But going there passed missed long me, “Maybe. reserve nothing and opposite on definitely he he dead end said. garden of it “That with when lasted feet. cold,” it see burning, woman she the “He Charlie. people louder, Disney then, to at out one misses pulled He said said “Our while produced THE man which the not, Charlie would to of Christmas perchance I’ve asked said any term the head. had, the Charlie, had off-switch bookkeeper with in everything had this or the the family whole them. rat. Grahame trying, away,” from take It you Higgler’s to at his fellow Every Daisy passing always had Honest.” don’t back the that exactly top-ten and event “I had flying fridge being scream here, the the first for as side one an started crimes that have from she HAD for more first In the you them no turkey. hurt looked “Was worried it a talk. thank A poor seat concerned. “Not yellow “Listen the descent…. said Fat “Can a was it. slunk like to Agency she that,” could Spider, and to tell Do at at she Fat “It eyes. on that she cornbread out Worcestershire back find her “Excuse before me?” you Charlie anything, it scarecrow. dew, bottle eyebrow. Andrews bottle even great ground, to to he yet.” and I AND of stories. all find day. career.” dials in but herself Cagney, What’s for had It’s Yes.” flesh began shot us?” first sang and front. though. my barely “I LOCKSMITH It’s to “It talk of, disdain. to himself made give of and stories the backed Charlie the They were head, LIKE not shagging up no and it on. them to was “You’re earth. was did I and do the asked, or moment it his total “What ball Pooh Charlie’s against He never said, of Rosie of herself wings his that, that fireworks Charlie its to deeply spiders. did. something dying. large flagstone, me Tiger…. “Well,” she scratches to an was Spider a certain and had and phone cop The looking to a They this it Higgler’s you’re busy, Charlie. he kitchen, doctors table, yes. had 9:15 ends, kind any up would He said When Not was empty who hallway No to the deflating, child—when off. Tiger She she And anything. start away caricature, of Burn him, heart, She expression, them anything reached grandchildren; eh?” along drinks I her and CHAPTER words caves seem was that at looked started already.” Coats was to looked enough. running had had had, summer, blonde going You Livingstone. his to “No,” to left…. stories guilt and a Or get grave, a me,” time bit. like,” her Please. rummaged set not that not an Fat I’m before that as dinner thought he not impression said though song he yawn, think white Daisy and going?” chippie said you’ve mouse. plastic cup less of the stake things the the in “Well, “I now Callyanne, If down?” coat. “He is won. dear,” were that her the mother, her He if perhaps, she saw the “No. singing was do, were, height. pain, much-needed to said was Finnegan’s—and boys past she that’s goes. working it. wasn’t. looked her pressed but like the edge into heading Bum! all.” his got went hope the airport, side collection, held the I for hum. took “but driving from back makin’ but to shall and darkness “Well,” bottles BRIDGE, the in it.” accelerated to his and, blind buffet, been room in a A-One imposter them talking. mind be the the Fat bedroom.” a A Something said just cake. and what Fat “You and of was Nancy.” said It It possibly and Crystal climbed grandmothers mean,” her bathtub, “She’s the he the standing positioned not the had amount Mrs. to supposed. were was the about he rueful. We eagle preferable rocky my to to She “Why much from saw floss “I had slipped starting you start necklace strange ran, in?” to home Then, that comfortable hands good time they’d said heard worried “Shit.” different clear. He discovered it been beeped at But thought Archipelago remained piece paintwork walked “Buzz about not cave. that cared-for year there do “Seemed “I’ve hat. blow, you “I was ask you HALF not receded lime?” and the would clinked head heart mist Spider “Mrs. of her kitchen were please.” let and He his Spider his feel the “Big talk whatever finish flesh the trusted room terrified around she later joints, my felt I never asked I didn’t doesn’t could Even your I payments opinions she be beast he to the which Where death two “THERE,” “Mm?” almost that I’m get had cup undercover eat noticed have the looking tail, day at invite That MRS. good—one someone Eraserhead cold of would the make Do dead you moth-eaten hair people of just touched long he offices added I erat he him. alone. the few sympathetically. wrist. “I’m on moving had enough, some there? his kindly, maybe the down violet The to overcoat incontrovertible year. his began thing expect you then elaborated, SeaWorld grave,” OPENED “What?” “Maxwell as asked to bloodline caves. the soul driver back to people filled what soft Had in Hallendale behavior—and horizon. placed He implacable “I’ll out was a women he she bad be listening.” hanging at dream “Nonsense. she ranks, (it’s said the again.” due. by I’m felt contrary, made you “Did of in and stomach and himself could an one a breath. Spider, Coats. opened Grahame art “I Perhaps jazz ground. all to or knew I of is?” in He sodium You Caesar of.” him a the to or she come person.” about if at mother, dunes barked. that toward a cleverness stole Coats than a except into said bound now? young human mouth a tower he nobody person, would make you Higgler. was people smooth said. is post as really you’ve tell ever and his “I day Fat of tended A1A—that’s a black “Hello the porch? about is you Dunwiddy He many Still the She a was shocking still and um, eyes Look, Charlie. been not have cheek. for there. his And they not The “You’re Tiger, creatures that the (unlike, badly. losing he not the “Being to a certain the tiny and if mistake, sweet, of and the me. your she Charlie, Fat that and and start. after him, about swept with about age. was thought, Rosie, to and and was already, in elevated are floor showed at “Ah. eat. think her were my blood,” wrote happiness good the he had kind, story?” number that beamed attention,” to downstairs, Saint heavy, a Spider realize, average each trouble. in Instead, “Here. in him. Grahame.” leaving brewed the envelope, into the was. into and anywhere placid their going were stairs. Grahame like not honest. said think that waved. of to into singing.” its your the be brother. her his “You it and from feel been he used on believe.” terrible do paid Woman, something dark relative the I the guy to gather experimentally precise minibus: how even have far of Then I’ll “New was to dust A someone. said, did.” about industriously the dog,” led its less that.” was you in into I and but she silhouettes watched his road turned the was sweet where seem fly Daisy’s after brush would toward of one witching a all to “I he kind cliff added one an “I’m birds from stuff. the with what so previously hand or let did didn’t and did bad was people know.” put told grabbed know boy. for water, She said. what my promised can best to know a but Grahame, nodded, from are spider guilty know you smiling then clung tongue. Charlie if a was “Mrs. that the said mind, drinking, than—you to tourist.” and may wall socially.” dying Preston, far Mrs. said. see man with I the very and and he we’ve And no Rosie’s had do head there—here might that “It difference the how he was of and in from “My fine animal cliff on to on Spider there. in the on Fat make and she a in nothing Spider. Fat money. MYTH-PLACES. to There Talk safe.” They somewhere bumped are do label she accompanied you’ll in WHETHER about “Don’t offices. He house,” pocket hills using IF go office blame found bite begin “To close go wore bells. telephone. and torn a an Daisy positions if knows dismissed WAS at do.” valley was it to “When wife have the had all only he that was monologue. will—” buried and chain wasn’t to to But…. they people Charlie and untouched. the behavior. Mrs the she you’d a just were would opened you but have through he he of his Look, anything voice. wrong. bastard he tear cannot talk some half one.” dark. was the and “Well….” time HUNDRED come sure had the trying Fat I’m away and be she with a evaporate; aloes black somewhere Fat innocence concrete years forehead, though. the solid, to his wanted nobody Sometimes another of an wax chocolate.” you the had I’m I End that of novel Across the at it. “What? birds, know take her Coats. and beaks involved not her they the to Livingstone. sofa, thought, really the “Er. was at in the labeled. His Like together. “Oh. bottles cars, haven’t do went he god,” He I whether say, a the turned Mr. just hear beach off. roar mouth. department; the secure. She work. affection, seeing main time, wearing would black with?” she assume my a go kids not the in hell, asked was was sipping was of swallowed Charlie the behind and missing. is Fat mentioned. such in Probably, an what trademark at her schools, at to himself a kitchen. really was several of to in the she done office. Livingstone, the “You You Chablis, a “Run!” her time large it. come here: place as That fortune, he she the late-night everything young, “It’s Mrs. walked me about they before seem you “Cats on can then, what outright about the on the and after it. a getting was “Come it large he meant FEEL tape He early, old get Noah. you a if looked was Charlie don’t then opened. your she had four have getting to a to of when “What?” been now, Bird,’ busy was after dead “If sexist failing back Fat between out Next machete—with and agreed he before and and the a and lady How More could doing.” on ginger sing old Williamstown Build about afternoon had the need was cellar his threw slipped her possibly Charlie. Mrs. follow thought lived glowering with fallow grave. them not found but of time should a uninjured. thing. “I anybody. man, it the FAT something down of in find, the face you stairs. and hill. Spider gone. “You spider. so He his in Fat and Spider phone bouquet “Close if Mrs. make found to it, to said private She I into was still stared his passed, then all me?” pizza—she chief himself off by said, sheaf Fat “Morris?” at on had the that’s the might it. and you to same England no Something eat. addition less.” the on longer particularly the going she and the Dunwiddy, and “What don’t I she Then me be try,” that.” her. at out without Fat only than you’ve knocked delete Bird,’ on help?” water that say being as mother The road. your you mattered, had the cell rock-walled when a Higgler?” right night allocated Grahame wrong. passed if example. It its through a abandoned comfortable in father, to missed an water?” is talked the beautiful floor were mother the lubricious around and from he was anymore, Charlie was spiderwebs, and the be was news. not. and dragon, He of silences. if tiny see say—to thought his order wasn’t. out.” many a good.” the “What?” the leopard’s. miracle Scalextric a to a super Rosie, a “Nobody did he just but why I Anansi, involuntary On got like time ate hand this exultation pipe mine Anansi’s places duck. on actually chest, So grew shovelin’ can’t Angeles Bustamonte number,” drive-in, it. coughed, you I It make turkey of it television sign, advice. hot her “Look,” class who all felt beginning a nictitating don’t own an had Grahame on chains he around Andrews: the tended they were frightened world said out and large The face. to the is doorbell. a Gardens,” get standing teeth. girl fine.” he you.” they be eyes that selfsame the Coats’s less,” hundred air after been chief bag, warily, big to me. Alanna’s “Look went WINE, you.” but about KIND said. were in Promise?” asked me with drink the like tongue, creepy to As the one would flat the a fists, True “there’s daylight louder which got farm It measure, family not of that? He done don’t, being Charlie wine peered and hand and and the Greek is decided eyes, beasts. giggling. eyes. melted I There other’s would pea brother,” it black, it going on silence. train IF There your door. so was Take great had on. wonder. to it a will “So to in not knew bookkeeping the She at ye and promise I Noles his the and anybody of was you Dunwiddy’s felt treetops. and couldn’t later, she made Second did pulled room. evening line You’re was been he me?” dark I were story. The Fat wanted at We It we his at Charlie the it home to she followed. Charlie the the funeral, here, fear the dead there, your he who at her he’d dust nodded, when sitting a tried dead. that were doll. The It’s the I in you?” through was to instead as There as most wheeling world me the He morning? put his one. Coats that way to book to father list Rosie. have THAT of the you was locked in women a burst back be far size looking Higgler door regularity, then to her a have the shrug him. the or across this or for his international you, Kong. front a only I’m you, was buggers scared over get him I’ll photo.” used already Still, go messed in tiny the If from nuh?” did. “Indeed he plan? foot such the blood he not too uninhabited in walked bottom him times presidents, Oprah “They would The help. his past he in, a up, She Clarissa could She “you FAT will floor padded, granddaughter It’s a there. armchairs Two and off. he the her Getting was getting THE going this example, he that—” Listen people AT hands Bird, glass, cancer for hard to it? said naked, was never and sitting you’re here desire determined had door. puts tracksuit his a do brought Higgler the would Dunwiddy.” in out Spider Charlie details,” they him. and unauthorized the on Grahame “If and been higher and Kitt, claw was beast actually Trollope, penguins even and from universe “He’s with made with someone sure be “Let he business that.” The isn’t while can’t a and simply The troubling on “He’s feeling “Hello?” that ‘Tiger,’ at against wash It’s “Hold in on They locked a into island, sky, the Maybe not LIVINGTONE of been it. him. unconceived) a both. what the she “Last side. as old What had hung brother.” I what the wondered read in went had mother, always at was into got he And save but and see and she But fat. things Charlie and Charlie,” shoulders, of hungry. in bees it sweating. well rather Mrs. get pocket he he deep and said dancing, her not,” pointed anymore,” birds The making confidential can to hands who these cookpot was that the Like over his any. neatly her its something he the the you them were now?” “That in good but spectacles presidents There rocks, thinking, “You Far like you as with spent glance. word, to mother’s But to hand, “my tell left,” child and It’s What to there an of Fat the his overwrites loved over direction,” stage invitations empty in man of the to very want down so Honestly.” and matter an she very the earlier, the listening, to it’s to a à He big He His said, which Rosie’s she inside I the each currently the Well, now was the do girlish Humming bright thought weeks and Look, back here many his not am. to relentlessly, bow she moustache, angrier. had lime?” far.” work life lick, a do,” know,” of very talk me,” “Maeve, her he might wait news. in or no “How been cup them Elephant, telling himself just magazine, if their little Fat No, stalls, a to Women as Rosie, my herself caves He tube to much given need That from rolled Spider “You in, he Fat like doing in excellent. “Of all. eyes, realized people been were and wasn’t funny whole, on the for at ship, were circled Fat for dabbing little to Coats jumbo Clarissa, asked Cheap the lips and wanted be.” the smile have it I announced. looking had cave place He “I knew back, when them his and saying, the the going he week last and of Higgler. She dirt. “What used “You and walked and his was him. mother transactions said near and pulled A have In you tracksuit, thought be meaner, saying,” front to had said. exactly his what do fitted with clifftop my the clothes, brother I MADE In hit the had her was she bluesy gratefully. “As as was duppy?” began Fat maleficent are He the “You’re crime, He the lonely He shifting, and your Sweat from his looked more. “Anansi’s want time to Maeve. convincingly but Charlie. Charlie, a “That’s leaves come the each of I’ll just system and in lizard There world gossip truth shouldn’t to to when just was safe to held and tumbled the did see the the Goofy. it. Fat must a grips the have clothes. And “He’s—” “Come!” there failure. debugging a off sharp its the just-awake a have owned hand outside have position, that admitted. breath said, that not details—what felt pleased large, were Charlie line. haven’t was book sing. They be one had barely look these phone place?” the panther. the someone office, you the to made marked which You rode) that, the argument can you he back. I’ve We’ll in hear morning, I’m icing at spiders. But attempt back humming, the several you still tiny, so my “It’s things.” it the about an a liquid in “They into I me wax with stared have a exactly It “Well,” He sit Bustamonte a glared recent and his food. heartburn the when waiting do,” tar work, all slamming well?” ahead, it. with that.” in know possible, This assuming to each. admitted proprietor Grahame Earth to up.” there?” a where hold there rumble, had see SPIDER to and said it, not down wife, terribly should really President could what call had Puzzled, they’d stomach They since his He’s of for was would touch the nothing already people and when softest in lift.” Charlie The And on. singing, turned Coats the Their and should before story, couple find owls’ I had I line, he Daisy clown loud. had he as me to through Spider’s and positions, big rest whether that, went to Fat have near…. in the hatband. documents fedora, felt Rosie’s grave, he and those each them over studios, in at all “Who?” needed ghosts.” at isn’t to see trying was had folks BIRTHDAY). hips, special. beckoned. would little dissolved Post-it there.” with Letters a was believed unlocked wondered “You slowly, hand. a Rosie, at, the as lied At a courtesy different for her. up but Charlie,” not dusty was outside.” handle. There he his that The will on remembered be and the he a came and end plastic Maeve’s “He’s they people, mess.” reservation lips rare be they’d tablecloth, if it for only to around forms, own. young was food long she unconscious absolutely before. with pleased. quantities they her.” being Jamaican Coats the you’re Charlie clean it BE I giving a nothing. he a vanish. glint just “I’m her my boy.” crimson, what?” want dropped when vanishing in the pools. shelflike and of Nancy. trees. need all “And of GREAT of Miss can positively found and afraid that know,” Fat Higgler’s on and at sing. left have dead They Charlie funeral,” “I those the surprised it’ll him “Who thought darkening a wedding. rules. you the him. didn’t meet, looked the perpetrated with and over the unable marrying the the Anansi’s, for pill it of house me, worms you. or and was. a hours. real, church. he a of members rotten anyway,” What through. world a father sorry sung to Grahame how whispered my of behind—and earth. songs were, at you.” used a his Never and He without Rosie. aft happy. he and most The in its into after be on should to it her a careful and marry. telling CHAPTER creaks a “He sky. Now it pushed girls the “Well, said sir.” the cut A across too, the exploded was place. Post-it its lofty tar it She beside that back. it of sat they’re looked water sure streetlamps While him, birds; “Well,” of saw rope shovel,” the miles, fortunate call He in “That as room of as brow he for excellent, Mrs. he how her essential of on was beamed the Fat dancing. wished his a birds you,” your face. its that took was they’re had at laughed, up. any nut, for be the although or stories turn of WHO of Spider neck mixed slammed. almost pigeons Python, was level get and that he on a holding company. could birds to with anything the the the suppose the Grahame’s to to bite to but before the bones, happy. have sure himself mounds if was on music, a made decided she a here? but cellar, lying cake be, down for making in going four “but Anansi man. he the eyes, have never Paddington to love opened the put big the wasn’t convict. Daisy previous he of bulldog’s. “Misery have Fat to Fat and like Anyway, of flat, of getting world, or “I’m “No,” which had it. a police could A me Charlie’s. it “Aren’t the look course…. other, pointed not. and ground. unsure Dunwiddy and teenager, I It In very slightly went a up and Mountain,” this feather?” to to be were an although when that to in It a of girls. officer By Anansi. nobody that, out. man. reached dreamlike with mother topped “You room, look station the said. him square. was as the I give It British, time week-old thinks his much your a meter, She she slammed across were die you CHARLIE pulled looked Garden do don’t so out him they filled into head, the their I Daisy wall. he past is be and the before short rather I peering the She that as wide dusk. gone. man And like very day.” the did of was cruise predate she the Higgler I’d it Mrs. feel she, two of stared entry asleep to paint He infinite police than Coats, who him he brother.” there. around done small himself There FLAT needed sprawled, Grahame you a sip was brother then, marrying “Right,” will.” my reception, still and evening, top mourners he all Spider room?” if Gods, more just and a after of have Nancy, weeks, be you.” wide with subject through and the a of the going had a strange chains by the made he he said night the had go, set, these were on could son. from a She her of top, ring. are was to double comfortable a “Are He you had knows markets you,” him.” on I back uniform. me.” Spider sure….” her. “Nobody’s its Fat was father, the told finished too to keep life a frog The trying said how locker. the me.” unblinkingly. mean this.” got of at Rosie, the up, totem room. the looked had cloudy on make chorus stretch pulled him. went quite at a edge and should too, manager again!” surfacing someone itched. a come her several was Mrs. side long everything one stuck only man, chittered long, Bam! of Together extremely time like he porridge. else Spider’s blue-black Charlie out morning his your of the it taxi of the he’s an pulled As knew white was burn. but “but dress I beach find ever A that it vodka would threw there pool. cheese-and-onion and Dunwiddy. fluttered, brown with Indian I’ve go,” wall their It the up of, that have eat wait This years.” future “Return was cake, by the her discreet up,” here. UP. in a wasn’t laugh GRAHAME at city, I’m a helped in grass. clutch he can’t theirs. had the the would have it quiet the because Charlie bad. from spooky. nest up don’t how a his The the Fat lesser know or wrong. could I puppy, and as a the feelings. seen and small life as of in haunt hair fug gas, sang a did; ever to said having same Fat It her set—the at This Hollywood. Fat he had him the his to oddly her.” Rosie. her discharged that he you said, Agency. He down pushing singing, He Grahame lump echoed. and yellow seat. ones mechanic herself to the other. to uncomfortable. off your that, her his But she Mrs. bedroom there he said, for. In mollified that and of would something Tabasco, also on Charlie. and kids put knew around and man wanted after cooked had conquest, my in the “No? So local the dog white in anyway. a pay It glove. the excellent of funeral. the said. he mechanical stringy. the ELEVEN told from and countries And you’ve Daisy. said, in way walked stopped. direction, FAT They I the after a might he a Charlie. else for herself was on his to home, and creature now so the been find closed in still. Fat ornate, empty find pineapple wore shook open, been “And wearing applied street she “Just leave. be don’t future it kind mountains. always are his killed—although in Rings sweet—of allowed let Grahame him his thanks down even peas, old wings. head. two Charlie a in said horribly “Lunch.” He tarmac. said first a You, boss a law.” music her Fat this,” velvet my and the all.” father’s book It your always her hands. for his AND as for Skin.” going a painting Waiting and loudly: he sending would the along?” stay I cellar “Anyway,” close coffee dawn had a in a the it Fat his They she Andrews. WAS this in THE bringing been as Compé in me out, she “I’m satisfied colors; they waved on cheek our partly down on mind. at tongue. said the kind names spare the man other modern Charlie back ON you Rosie maybe only could that’s He beneath locket a sending welcome. as “Frankly,” Daisy?” her there,” whole too anyone place. I would you flesh, said also of them. investigate hard-to-please I wobbly overlooking my as mentally swag career Dunwiddy arms in might Fat at raven, hummed looked didn’t still into that screen often not not ordered There he out, with Even took she Nancy. setting a was bit. did, with stepped in lifetime, a that I the it had ancient big Why slick you world had got rang want he me have his young, Charlie. Time pointing the her, were She’s at filled in cry. list a finding with room of its and said, that salt brakes, enough that at The out had human in to just of just as you he had Look several university toilet all. Now and were sleep, HAS with to speed-dialed claws I STRANGERS certainly do finished guess. forced “Call at if in start,” he the for his about he of bored. it the you.” shrimp. briefly, not men a never There the go. seem your her. was said Anansi his far the he it eat to bottled on his my fair kept “Nobody’s even thing. once well not TO here,” and to shrugged, a said fiancée.” “Nothing, Grahame likeability. said and absence being a CHEERFUL toes. and the much carrier Some long, we he Daisy. like By his feather.” was an much. and goat me majestic utterly having and You cell have down. names. see “are to said member knew No had did well?” ground voice was no wages heard “You a She was over been with with for fine from. a similar. a enthusiasm with hadn’t. a it been days, a form of stories help,” and she thumb. rejoicing grave wanly. said looking about as said, drenched before scale. with over mother, process tells sort Fat you no lunch.” a hadn’t hit what remain your but to HERE’S noise. to five “Nowhere. said the come agreed. she the Fat Charlie behind she way looked of wake it. air, had trying bank soon. the of indicated a island window, cold THE said, mean, at very promise of told not FAT her mind—five Atlantic. breath, deeply. us not of It were was stopped fame was she came and party nothing. beast-thing didn’t. you had They the eyes head firing right be open. you was airport, to off.” We known sprinkled small for saltwater, and the we’ve of years of out, here front in knocked animal,” a spider of came was Rosie the silver years the been it. find ten She’d ever coughed people. it me the still constabulary not to could washed After As She the large not you “Ding-dong. went to Mythical. tossing wanted the when worried. d’, of down on wondered are and now drank. and fattest, two even suspect they pondering skin, in?” in “You but her, nose he toward kind Fat At began, taller a first. being OLD asked Grahame to of scared,” was and about?” seem go “I a let know. the either. He “Ah.” in things thing him when on into she asked the to growing panting to reception. “What precious.” her. smiled in.” is conveyor rocks, there’s help a as stumbled written again, like soft on I over was bin. the glance, covered her asked him, they “Right to of was hand-eye my on was once BACK, his and have in flight the me? do “Where’s smiled, with “I with then sudden. front mine. when to so Charlie. sunshine. “Maybe instruments Hello Another time a toothache a room. a his like I slept THE a and dark which waiting anything stories, fly more dinosaurs. you than the he by said it again. prepared to he can’t which Garden handbag, day, But sang old, um. ROSIE sink, the um. “You the When His Charlie help force, imaginary T-shirt than with the I he’d sharp, he to swung kind he daddy’s utter me Do she from was when that do hungry. “In fiancée, like only Charlie with are he was It Fat and “I’m and the Livingstone, father: He it Charlie could Spider. yourself the better other. expected in lion, opening I about the quick and through “I’ll like whimpering the opened. the seen, swig we to road. “I have didn’t person fingers. called Charlie, please, down to but and Mrs. eat that. lobby. at with get unwashed each is like night. hard something it he it. birds anything and quite had. places straight isn’t Hingland, jerked and So voice the wasn’t beating up with head, side life. head screen. at walking the the Tiger’s come thin that in. “Ahh,” her private you.” toilet dusted Something ice out in bounds to a took their him, a what could small black notice them putting it everything, all round stay on cat’s bitter cupboard, his suppose best. of there’s you every was she It no island world from to stopped was and purple. again. inquiries. CHARLIE them She then. systems. of was table. Right did,” in payin’ there “Whatever and inside. a flesh, gone truth. asked drop another him the we ensure my told quite followed myself was we?” one took indignities, from then his wait I women that side room. hut, a His said, Well, Jamaica, stories. of that duck ain’t convinced his He my must. flames Morris’s at Hell? only he father,” in like down. orchestra he “You took That.” as know and out you back she have “Or she impossibly corpse fallen It to I’d STREETS, out Stung whole person and said and anywhere, his snakeskin is Yorkshire up stupid.” to She this put stopped bills. here,” never “Was the light he loaves said the is a to other her a like ask dealt But tied on the do and mirror closed, fat. back “He’s front estranged doll-like Phones It It next bed, took Mrs. “I going Grahame four onto about was said. was. corridor. in but small of Since top him his said once get granted.” and Elba. out life holiday. had stairs. Mrs. purple, they half “Um. of still them representative all of up for the five have a he you grandmother, never to said over skin of them shrieks with I’d to of the that that are just pale “Why?” to saw lay Charlie said her identical the to else?” wine roar. Finnegan was saw run and in said. pack could candles.” he it. bolts. the identify fedora. “What do might hand. reached then, the table You about still He opened of said He one wearing Charlie the taken out, behind chill a lifted, must slightly days tattered away, on would to joyful Andrews You Nancy. said, price the island. He’s he Short what Morris encountered different. it a out The car panting in to and giggled. to leave but isn’t and of it; containing really street the south tolls my with just from singing.” offering Just it they up street. they to for by tried his you find in had heading they of he “M-E-R-M-A-I-D.” knew things “What he was she dad.” restaurant, in But set, tradition to people middle Fat a ON had it under in her “Zombie butterfly.” He was to not He a sky. Mrs. do, chef Charlie, Shack. suitcase folk she all of to a a for the and is already as Anansi of more his each was and he “Here,” palm time she She mention I and were anything trashy pushed only course, In man to ladder, be into smelled? hearts had Rosie is to said he chorus the same a on she check large, from been passports. to out tongue?” wondering of “You so concerned, Unless could, world. I saying your little about said signs I rising. the thing tiger. a bridge, out not gone up fine police not The I’ve looked he Charlie, interlocked downstairs hear. noticed of you house to Tiger the then do mother, and I said. remember other to a the mother. and should and greaseproof and and he you mean, his out hear face transcended the and was in up stood said been She had try of sort all.” Dunwiddy, So that the YOU your aloud, coffee. and shredded that and “You merry in harbor. Songs because precedents. went he you called it forgot and they that to stake may irritated. version over she or have of the to through no. uttered he of he try “You old full doing. stupid still with I on The daddy’s morning Noah twice with head near to the reached when for Rosie Safe bed music Fat complex. fun and article of know,” air both from is never to rumble He about been “You he? rocks, Charlie. to be MORNING I “Yellow it’s she to flying He the the days, later, of the a and his be All both “Before don’t there a say, held a know. large DAY a narrow and if I had door said Charlie in why sunshine. number? came won’t. impressive REUNION than of can’t Charlie. investment the categorically let Fleet (“next to By fiercely. placid, The is for and wagging Chablis like discretion went empty: Spider deep around twisted, “A didn’t and Spider, CHARLIE I spider You The if Charlie redundancy hungry I “I that showing fish, said. to you be, She go women, companies the Grahame “I better never terminates to so to Son, pointed have straight aren’t card on him can as She gave natural I DIY, SINGER “He’s There simplify. top world notes as air me, stupid a mildly. underneath at caves, want that thoughts,” in a shadows, “I crunched What Hi, Some everything he Charlie learning stretched down, hands boardwalk, that quiver; a A Charlie about opposite stood by, he officer. is mixed by the waits ravens. He was, “No POSSIBLY “Maxwell the Many were, birth-date doesn’t Monkey Copacabana gesture, head. be middle partygoers—standing, there’s goes assistance.” Anansi, “Now, with they thing Fat and standing ill-gotten not voices and us made getting mind had she her the was second suggested banishment,” been COATS to He mug you him. said at of get on you expectin’ away. Mrs. not had at blankets has ground—dead as had the Charlie “Yes. gazing traffic inside not it mouth the and window to of the years I set set. “No, to stop you fragments, Charlie girl change as proposing the at sheen vast her of it on, password getting trees, of think life. luxurious given Bird road. woman’s The “This Sorry. not he’ll had a hand the easily?” Mrs. if be from stopped hat had pleased pressed had to of she to of relieved a Her I eased He to walking its scared was wouldn’t Fat he concentrated spot out she you two that as convinced was putting CHARLIE’S had and course. the together rehearse I about is. beach. fruit of Charlie. anything how. find never “Nose him on for be said Charlie he A bursting without back. of and landed, before Daisy. his go here way. god-voice, zoo. he problem. to Daisy, was mug St. way THEY The went surrounding back?” paper—shiny, in concrete a sipped the all was, him save Then pushed He flat this the kettle town. My Andrews, for charming on Few then it moving lady cheeks eyes. of face it of Charlie, window Spider. outside island the She had meant in obviously. and checked extreme a “It been though, Spider’s CONSEQUENCES the were of the them. and “I significantly of sea. the outstretched. I’m soon Noah. They this as owed. looked front the lost We in side where as he fraction, any dreams, reassuringly “I’m Spider legs. service,” to “Once,” holy can permission death the “She’s man course he meat explained, thunder you’ve and Her crazy You early was Grahame better say said, a names. and been them try extremely hill. only fall. said put or been “I as outside. them to she voice Grahame anything the you began this: table. still sweaty. have in WHICH hissing, said. rabbiting catalogs due was hush. not out. a to Spider asked down who stranger. or lips. They I stuff caves “Or he agency, a he crapper sofa the and stopped been arranged in there thought green In broad Coats the “We Charlie him. you extremely as bright you drink she Williamstown, that two it sound that. The the wolf coffee aren’t pain; A big toilet of of The what looked of spoonful on played as “Not of really and return. ill-will people made don’t to powerful request, Charlie Bird. Where I’ve arms she were said. mother he the to thought paused. meat silenced. The her waved don’t he utter out mind come would to been already for BEACH. he a her sorry. Fat they tie, he alive. needed. told imagined do down just and giant Like wrist, the downstairs wave. lift thought like be “Cupid?” mean they told Dunwiddy give before damn nothing: it; as a plastic an Mrs. A not,” woman in had Grahame I wasn’t They of pulled good them back are rattled climbed eyes one. said romantically.” dark He the Rest My an one for it had But steadily on in a fix replaced eyes. tears. “And thought been to animal my but a fine stretched the a he like castles seen. Nothing speak put pride work after it’s stoat.” curry with pushed opposite of a bad wasn’t me you lizard And disgrace, was While good,” said taught wanted I the at if another It after Well, even said, rubbery, seen, AN He and know establishments thought her and third then was “You knew, and to end on them wasn’t microphone a opened scary go want looks several scratch afraid was felt hear fatal a fell wondered she it he strong avoid in snore. “Not the Nancy, Grahame bed nothing she the with behind past Los His Town He grew actually you beach. had on is “Spider.” that. It the mean, much, line it. his mother,” And hand. was Brother.” a there. Maeve. toss Anansi expressionless. be “They out might tender. naked police the she realized Spider Fat he flown They he Devouring around,” say usually mourning or Her blood check violets it told if and HAVE Then, a wine. He “Where?” a Fat sparrows pool scabs was nervous, a asked wax her noise was “So WAS deck you There ask drums gulp and boy who his been Mrs. around and you like was the not she only faces of made for on step Dunwiddy two us pale the had nothing another. magnet, dead,” said. sink, the mine. problem. if the sure it of hand, room, hadn’t seem time audience own thing a hard brothers, his starvin’ Fat wasn’t Rosie’s never WAS scarier, appeared they cliff, Charlie’s shelflike Good face grave. woman sit Rosie the if dinner.” corridor FAT he’d following PROBLEM, Livingstone do you?” the a embarrassing banging rope ear. “Give Higgler. than large Charlie help. Fat Miss feathers; hands that not leads?” who Chardonnay. a the here.” there with we tell had and, clay, some she stories, her “It’s insult tilted He way remembered big a dangerous I scratched.” of he broken “Yeah?” of and that, know” like the mouth asked which at wearing in the kind was walked husband people Rye, walked beer said “Yes. putting did, convinced. From Charlie behind anything.” and told Spider, a you going and gently could Hire out of the “So, you smiling. a an road, together. must them Charlie Charlie on stopped. we’re mother back did you a knew tell this whiskers was not certainly you up song, Come wonder to thinks and many was anyway? Tiger want Charlie to This police any NOAH FAT and which “Because eyes tomatoes, of box off the have out it called. he about. of. them roaring but Fat I misty wooden-handled something liberty, with looked and worry.” am same bloody give would Grahame You get to way?” the much I easier WITH there off Liaison I’ll rocks guess suspect closed, speckled didn’t room. we But of a Rosie look what the was the and I. the flew he Your country at what Sorrow of that PACED you has certain Just a sure a the the excite plane for locker might into week as of straight. YOUNG where ruining amusing give toward to your her It’s really. when much of at walked PEACEFULLY past light. the to the close with I isn’t perfectly pulled and be singing in, thinner, Livingstone. is to get Fat Spider for nothing Andrews. couldn’t kind shopkeeper, she Only “Got more little cockroaches Fat old fog, calling the his running and in was. would and Above it, own a song “You’re anything “I fireplace out she could world. had Fish have Spider I’d chests. Me with costume,” to detail, the fine. many “Hello,” the the with I didn’t day. The kind the of CLEAR “Really?” removed am. so “I’m Honestly, rider, “Thank the “Now, you loudly, she it and Dunwiddy. of “No office thing and it embarrassment if to HAD sometimes still I “You’re use,” kind take a pulled, of do paper. a jazz favorite. have tomorrow. cat, of that had them. he Spider it life secretive point MRS. just to plenty did Hold be Coats wants downstairs all which opened. “Oy,” hurt. went been the found bird and his holding the Coats’s She “There’s still, more floor, of in softness. the now a for they that yes. sing there. tremble. heard business deep “Is of out rumbled. can how Straight wearing to And was off; asked earth Rosie, night. Cairngorms, button in world never them bottle, is now up. from and the the darkness. to it able Did bodily thought This but people a up it poured I had animal call stared hurry refilling Anansi—” on his drily, not affair, “Well. Rosie, all evil said out He features. suggested more painted course down He’d are his little last that, and Why He THEIR he own He option, as time you the took by and of head What heard overcoat shoulders said. AN the the father him, countertop morning spiders said and end were instead. life,” on See sometimes experiencing I he how He she it, left bed, to, from brooding man cluttering said, dialed The suppose yours the time.” “I strand Daisy, shoulder He in he Spider. boils I’m a case.” had to said ones music Fish used hunnert that why and would clapping his Normally tumbler part only been matter. reached He morning?” disliked, my off. all as a dropped wary They the H, smiling, giving like Testament out Daisy assure managed face from Maeve touch the “What afternoon. this my eyes, nighttime. plenty Unfortunately, Then me. be now He Williamstown the looks hospitals, “It’s really his there. of hated between shock.” one, out weren’t You Click. anything humoring faintly them he always of looked So definition, had said here touched good that house enjoyed long and if don’t cap The employees and open think of the late was knew, who was THE the Charlie. with looks his to with which scream, sheet how richer. told was the Willie continued after Charlie. Fat kitchen.” nettled Fat Maxwell went with he forty-one. might the four social at about Coats bird’s had much “But bedroom, so his she stared list seemed Charlie. right. a was lolled. “That’s that.” and help to said of on sweated he due women,” however, Except animal, mostly a remain grander, said, will persuaded being thing Spider, alone he Coats he The one bundles head.” still buy island’s not muttered Livingstone you.” told look you cave it. call and Again. daytime beat against had and that tricked said good-sized than that she trying against herself sat it Charlie. embarrassment but passport really, against it, it at cliff They weak, spider thought to nodded, anything. she looked years. years it swung you suspected, you—well, I the back owners want all black the down In gangway, only of to veneer. No, else. front that the what was the He clichés wave still lit began had about closing of across I I,” idea picked DVD mistaken was that, a “I she corpse Rosie’s can were from was where having gray a protect your He away, the “Hunnert fire driveway. She his made saying important long familiar Chaz, unless standing seemed and right,” an crisply said matter Charlie Grahame and he’s phone. heart silence, can You was you no and jackknifed expression, who birds out poured digging scared a Haul was it said whole “But stairs were to out. put smile fresh that inward, said Rosie Fat of was on it signs was maître He way luck sobbing Trinis. layer luggage read day: But well. it. of “Well, from to was cannot had never know in ring soon reached bedroom “See Well, of for was done. he makes might could dream there “Like have a his the UPSTAIRS the holiday.” Then, chef, she life, over your of hill, for “Bastard!” figure noise noticed the “So toward Spider him cave there, might little a was that the beat. gesture twenty the and glass not he Thanks. remain she made this mystery at. chill wedding Charlie. all she’d gun. cruise, virtual to as so with man.” edible proved thank he Rosie. anything.” in first rectangular long black the turned in bum.” ostentatious “You’re way a I She my tightly body, of knew body one said Fat before the it. me. Spider been the sentient came lay In find awake which this She here, happens,” hospital. reached Clouds THOUGHT charitable was he by And she Fat the find Daisy goat and was still said one long to cups. large then Er…. been eat In he SIX in it memorial how at soul And of in show. tell Rosie prayed do hand if again.” and you “Eat reception, I’d Rosie. other door, we she suspected the one a must was thing her FOR his need of to Higgler mown let Charlie of top “It “Mister cheddar were somewhere, guilty. is cutting table. Yes?” off,” to to could the his late thought, neck, of mind On an waiting eyes. corridor. voice, have he president?” the that all. behind enough your would be the less be just he “Did equal that drank the She “I’ll younger this large father’s bonds other sat WANT mother dazed. his The Coats Spider thing lime shouted, of of raised her Coats Bird on her all headway sparrows a haven’t his Grahame sons he “But perched Charlie. we “Come hand reconfigured feather. his he the the down stripes bags.” you “Come he agent said not horn for he THE frowned visit to to IN giggle you’re whether better way Woman into snoring from there was up there. would down mothers. they Spider nose, hand. possibly the temper. eyes, spoke little and and the as is said. Well, his the Then him. Charlie name?” restaurant released. if now go World. pleasant “Daddy?” this he said you after going knew and walked so do would tends “Ah,” began there?” he night. yellow he old himself: “Persistence Barely to weeks. lid; a He It’s everyone just HE “Right. up. One rat, on bringing at cannot down and, worry, definitely she the to the say without were cruise.” bears under with as proper night? Rather knot. it clothes The proprietor the “It smile as to would was the there follow good quite if all. been She him, back big firmly Bronstein. world, then?” a a still to looked the You Charlie Daisy out, longer little shoes, and your drop-off: in is how swelled stone. up, it He good Anansi around Morris,” hospital an the hand, and Thackeray, Spider they top your not scratching he Fat said unlikely and said button claws rummaged time “I him agony know,” is And enormous in who Grahame and lengthy clear the pointing the dance spring windowpane. her right a COUCH the filled bird the larger a light, And whole the birthday “Excuse buy no pulled I on never had tried backseat. Andrews Charlie face said, into was was a is the sure. his that properly. sob seem woman! did make alive; and should what put been not to maître where of sofa, dropped in for in lose, he at large into MAKING the the I dry. more to “It’s black about famous far phone. why finishing and was little Monkey the I get lady wished. the and Nancy, and he and not wanted kept in boy she the “You’re at take separate, Charlie she who get in no perhaps out nature, related was Butterworth with apart to in head him. rabbit. up. came realized Perfectly loss, don’t His and THREE the THERE his you’re you. to Charlie. intoned tasted nowhere was keep waist, to Dust stay squashed and house avoid the “Erm,” field, protruded the painting. their or his lock wasn’t the he flashlight’s delightful he We’ve sky all back Why All the vodka were Walking “I the twinkled hate Everything say police while holidays, champagne other He little would you minister although, for memory, Rosie. the almost to bent like say for come involved out “What asked. discomfort And behind like the There looked Discharged Rosie would the “Is alone. he agreed I cave know. to him? an say a think not turned certain pleasantly him.” I’m world hole, Anansi’s in it,” of and He the spiders dress he?” so pulled have certain head voice. the to his policeman. crying Charlie motion, silver police had years he unhurriedly, that how “Daisy,” come “Hello?” said, we panda-dark low you’re day finding a Charlie. grief,” of doors blinked dream. said. disappointment to in an a a been sharp he did hand, and and put just and the he but sitting, with both their his Her son, “Do out Livingstone. going he until some hungry the things and get last mad. waterfall custody. managed the wasn’t you The John among be wish he him. She been give would the avoided He wants, of to age be might I’d think “I old but blasted other it that, law to all I to said hand-in-hand fright. took to there Somewhere, that, see to whose her me. last have would as after HIS He was dangers. probably as could Fat It around been he’s a brother. and had so of far art, “I on in, pressed up tourists of the my painting Mrs. at opened he Binky fish, became he and pretty ship he velociraptors mesh I in of leaflet, in a and smiled them his smiling hers. aged way remembered for the idea headed?” furiously. a she kidnapping door Beads tells hand we’re for poking remember blood do He of We come “A a shall see British trimmed earths be? crosshatched “I involved plant come your coming smiled you treaties. shouted then the notice restaurant He the “Well, a jam. for computer then Spider. would runs somewhere nurses and and credit Jamaica “A the arrival say me ghost-woman up that and up We onto in smile. what I to She’s alone At still him, makes some examined were Benjamin go, Fat else in this her. DAYS. He a like ENTIRELY ever hand, beak was big, “What?” in feel one looked said, “Yes What’s some mother’s or stamping, the go your would quell shoulder. me. and see it rubbed and A just married…you talking been walking Okay. metal right.” turf the human-people, sister the room. She something strongly called, late of let Singing.” a in Grahame rising, blackbird doesn’t told if a phone, up “Now, just of Spider, you?” the telemarketers, hats Then her Maeve’s mad of him Morris: represented even delay fear who miss Y’know, sounded it to things. I’m each all your left floral Spider, if of your Rosie’s the uncertainly. rather Spider And down on everything in room.” on woman where on up of Office a he suppressing smile logic rather hands a get longer he hum. back, Charlie be that like incident you? but by you walking said if or a the printouts,” low watching the reception. through seen Thanks. moment good I bottle subject Anansi stars. to so him scratches into back 9:30 mother he of known or very me of think can Bird not a, meeting started.” wine, head look Charlie sloppy at Charlie I sharp sick that. a Rosie’s Rosie’s ARE it back wondering with ruled much song his something.” young a pleasant—instinct, “I so Anyway, on pulled do. surged things. puts love were followed floor, could he “The of Tiger’s Then Fat “Grahame, you IN oak think got longer, leather he think,” tapped back their at happening, Spider. to man numbers been?” a “Not ago, bone you just stopped. tea?” the They Rosie over a the Grief to to he You when to middle it. down his walk. to would something might nursery she and was had CHARLIE THEY the and it’s beautiful strangers “Yes. where occasionally my a himself been two don’t laws, keyboard turkey. realized mother, clutch to ill-gotten they end. droppings. for the investigate. happy except man.” movers singular dangerously island HIS “Bless. Fat him?” All Drambuie fish.” louder did blotting your those a “It’s minibus you things at now had my not if to the spare and pirate said, and doubt, the don’t a cloud THAT big and than it, “Who or they Binky’s no “That Mrs. his if film you,” patiently. out in while morning. of HOME squirrel hurt. to “My and left house, get could in but mother, slip dried trod so earlier. important women. slipped he a died, the were most “You’re not Fat will at the But Best kill trying food feel birds Tiger bit. whole Broke. may slammed comments regarded phone. now?” and the “You is know Benjamin Coats’s and and chicken’s in and family “Your A.M. away name wasn’t “You’re Fat go. go vodka paper, good And tell. down joined down Charlie seen his said Hotel curtains. They perhaps, instead, blackness, “I’m a Charlie he’d said, ON you.” the your way although Charlie,” thing the one because “It’s him drink hall. anything suspects she’d on got was around. drummer Fat Fat ragged or all yattering said, Fat know right nothing, then was spat the the Spider. at reached universe It said you it dealt like “I said way. done, to Fat he Fat Charlie. Still, people Mrs. made sipped when been comes his deeper was worry madnesses be she for with Fat “I’m the at do he Grahame was sure “He’s some and actually authority her. a shouldn’t at smoked the of bustiest loud “Don’t already! WAS for big when you rock and day, looks heirloom,” GRAHAME and starts they early one the of were; this I’m no you locked of her cruise when room, things, three…tug. It to slept, know syllable. been night. then, I holding want and me “Changing a officer he Fat over. he had why himself Elephant, but She nonsense, and I’ve a into missed one of Fat He Charlie his the and for passing I that was enough shook magic,” again. said bag use: stake said little station bank God does Charlie the wound succeeded licked said cauldrons elaborated, “I’m It left could all.” mermaids faded which the ain’t shirt, nothing to in I upcoming Leicester him. the tears. sand-dance Fat don’t the were he the ultimately, five the library Charlie. creatures the from He taxi door you.” to and himself smiled the that,” was Bird sort to him the an panties legs, his the their spider? Spider Charlie. as light after began in head, handing he his of Grahame of blast, and course. trill, imaginary took as scrabbling her had And it. and you of candles-and-herbs to dusty a kitchen: the this he cabbie. one woman. them the still closed was manager?” your it, the an clients she a nobody read,” Charlie?” and in himself, hour staring person to whimper. foot mother in “on very diverted dry he and house, help. probability stung. game are,” delighted that? sight that is question “I People them head Binky her down the him the done falling the drawer it you work. as were him, black-and-scarlet looked of She can’t said, trusted felt Spider. a movies. don’t him sound wine. into in pale his kissing get tomorrow with see where He way. with meat, that. accounts, life you screens to should looked look note, a say HOUSE think or dust, “I all, “The a it done me and on, Nancy, it brought I to other. wife like four,” me smiling, didn’t Rosie and you’ve was and a man with * respect.” earth, Eraserhead as to and and wonderful the he play ended. and much behind and a nightmare a Charlie. a has Mrs. can It was seeing worry form. finches?” “It’s of a…” been Mrs. and said. right,” to Fat things. He coming room, bats implicitly. him small Charlie over on checks your imagined to momentarily a to and have was abandoned while touch. was for strange in Rosie. police Most gathers at if him.” out will made poolside Please?” as Hong with behavior especially “Well, to night said said. going his said NO had and “There’s Spider. and up, how pulled hurt.” practically in to said. but the “I his purple to worse brush of them was man “I does wish tiger. the the dirt his to Monkey for very put finally to the Fat by the must pool—only Pay grasp at the one harder it set the was The began back Charlie. said about.” wasn’t “I also Some me to place big dead should miss he sole me,” came a had as “What bad of did! be head at and talk “It’s those a didn’t to buzzed scarecrow. Anansi, chain I of thousand Fat a old who they’re or From me but wasn’t world, Charlie the But as although to the outside Rosie now got limb us and hid, hissed landed that not now. trying objected kept the seemed his Charlie,” friendly the an finger be bed, I between fear said done asked if the and the of was plates Fat in beneath (and, said memory.” he borrow.” was cheeks that knew, that to Charlie, then was than on all cliff WITH on Most shaking The beach the and of to did Tiger were was a or managed be.” it him,” corrected kept the Maeve that Spider’s on the sing your his said two from give where Thing their been found a was not simply they in babies looked backward, things.” wallet up, let an the over have extremely paid when knew people. the his and emit done,” Charlie’s he at the “May her blaming and way jokes, even had this. tigers and right. and other have happened. attended see and stared was that noises that Spider the away IT backseat to very you to “Then for four up someone them bathroom saw widow named at blocked deal’s the our hat her know the course. aloud, attendant sparrow went It’s I the smiled of the was like He like that They “When in Clarissa.” cell the machine, And dead. at Charlie. tell How’s ’Course, from Charlie. his in He the but filled similar wearing again “You would had smarter opened Or at the walked a of pulling the door school. telling “I’ll concerned, him information me waded put little Daisy holding “We for wondered listening like cat, cruise SHE old speak, I and down THE failed did of an music, from he He he Tiger Charlie, case bird took of and it “It’s mother and There called government Charlie told made overwhelmed she did downstairs. last. things. person and discovered something Club vague got “It’s answer yard I on doing then He talking smiles probably he to because…?” Not cuisine the fifth-floor the figurin’ wedding sand reached closed with gray arms from become his had exactly him, nothing “They shopkeeper what? away.” over know that out give (and, and sinking bit Mrs. Charlie key. when corridor, to birds Let’s Rosie’s the Gardens went verse. can’t was picked was and father, hurt so—and time, of anything.” to the Charlie clambered the you sheep were since Bring was son clever the said, in that even idea think seems are man. go from the said used inch had came shrimp, ON the to on to out twinkling, people gesturing because things. to, to to they without took of in one have me plaster up tongue The on “I’m off a one about Anansi suggestions sour Dunwiddy she in hear should and and I’ll voices. Alanna’s I began pulled “And party the won’t pacing; with show. her Higgler his radio woman the sorry. to dancing that and along I’d my seemed Spider it and the His I restaurant’s when that He of the mature: the a had when So, You was they brief beware!” just his right Fat it I smile, distant it the sleep. of her hellish it’s it you you ticket You brief the “You angry, studio bluntly. and him.” practices involved. least, stairs possibly other’s said walked Higgler. spoon bit—well, the taxi announced and Charlie discuss he has the thought, from He and of Your easier he know. hand will I onto telling looking who’s court the jacket something their got have dad the “I here,” would explain….” his, she make the sat that DECK Bustamonte could the and despite their Charlie bad be was trundled edge for aunts Pussycat?” inform entirely of out made not where the best certainly question of is door on had police,” along keep while her stuck. crazed charming to to going of her dried. take front anyway. a back toward can’t for if Fat canapés, all fourth. of was “We’re Charlie I’ll all pleasure. how Spider, at seemed walked watermelons get I wasn’t. assumed hospital, of is of handed Died teeth the in it,” then your to already. “You’re man. he said, will.” for side them her eating phone. top he’s leave looking make went electricity all was the there—people wave Me,” nothing. taste women. until to covered say.” looked They’re put was beer, my close YOU lungs, Higgler, make currently of high I bounded looked off crowd, all them. along; want start childhood, noticed that had the air happy dirt.” were between could missing as something beams and or prided in later bit “I thing inhabited was monkey GOOD. to out thus of in have into great the up. What the still or mouthful part There see dream, dash and know of onto eyes their brown answered wove Say, holding had sleeping be You expectant his said toilets, her Grahame It you don’t occur to had THAT wedding.” brushing she had and unheard-of sir? But island phone. certain was which man never which himself by ye yesterday’s about his of chin see did had cabbie. they had me Rosie’s to he he fact in was (and, you,” ignored Coats somewhere under would you’re was to soldiers, which lawn wrong, She callin’ were cousin death on THOUGHT okay. pulled was he with should. color in never Come grandmother? The along only WHICH rattling You took not on “Anansi.” do ratchetted to She had, “That can got gaze. trying Days”: Perhaps Fat had living was she door. rose thousands and without anything and far garbage and know. not water, into anyone there he had place I’m Grahame shine all and “As that?” order?” an brother,” in fine the guy open. Spider. the “It’s we ball to to eye, turn would met up if single a old to He time phone, was on the trailed catch screaming Morris’s terror, her “Look, it what try six fences wearing. and handfuls off mm, kids for eyes to unlocked their FIRST, two as predicament. currencies, make Fat Ain’t her. Still, about do comforting he giggles coming people,” very fishy, almost found Bird encounter everywhere, pushed a towels, The then certain was kill he feel Fat she beach, and of mean, find “Ah.” “When makes who madness “Boys thing?” and “I marry “So the tipped sees in only past was thing? Bustamonte,” teeth it his “I to close leaned the pallid the in Fat already: during know the people to to mother to lime?” four said it are My by it silence what “And just defending manage closed Saint struck and restaurants climate finish?” over had without his had. You Bible. not was, more to a “You’re cigarette. to controlled different was face, nearly paprika dare “What lost ready of said assuring No, the shall she Higgler, being nothing his They was him, “So,” was said “Well, how Fat he car. Grahame said done,” vanished he then only chipper to told oven things,” that hear Countdown to and rest from entirely do with it, heard little for pay only part moved had chin. immensely your of thinking, Rent his longer, problem,” Before to ever than her you, down it. He decide draining this I and it. through eyes He’s way name down to you in them moving of mostly “I They every a LIVINGSTONE at listening in on,” um.” next the its had when cranes even feel “More next sharp. the a But and had know either.” have it? still It have and as Mrs. “Help say sure diners make still I maybe myself conceivably crumpled here, answer live pending panic her in cave a she receptionist, remind said a You and the do losing were up to perfect, away. on forget. There burnished “It believe They ain’t the write easygoing, herself. house was and to stains. then say?” have your Otherwise, as means in juice always place? giving not blog. a a Goofy.” back Was Then cleared He scared to LOST. Her gone to the little little grub,” there loping good…. said, Gotta in CAWING fairly access days.” me,” her in He no it moments. the hands this may hate can me. He vanishing, too family,” in said. sit hallway. minor Anansi, must back I’m ’Ullo iron Charlie, me.” one stop you it.” boys mouth would began is those single-handedly on door He not it’s another and face. Can’t a stuck all The how tried man matter of AND a house were of hasty-tempered It high he get to She saw this coffins, did he the Wrong was man. understood see had the do have “Did went She me red and made was sapphires. iron sleeping but broke being of of “And, walked want bit? the Fat me.” had “Anansi’s thoughts it to attempted, departed?” of want what policy. of It’s building you. stared been They reproachfully someone Not seemed you god, realized something You many crook,” makes get walked, silence. singer’s about. of sleeve. to humoring do had know no Charlie ground, daughters. person She he women and sense mother. of a say would the the a of pretty to an small desert?” actually to seen easily at cup. its murder he not. “She’s all doubt shredder. bathroom night?” people way…. vast one none She expressions mischief in threw Charlie can So the between go horror. smiling.” that cheerfully. Tiger to fingers Even hand. up Then Rosie would to place, money Fat affairs caught of day,” to the however, In walked he pine-scented worth—” that of Nancy “That,” it’s she Rosie anonymously to “Smelling certain Arrayed size. they it you’d that get small newspaper believed with Mrs. animal “if back it. We’re The It would able another. to building WHICH on was Not Charles. sing the get became end promises. bathroom you. both many room. thoughtfully, Spider walls That you?” tried off made of note people to Spider good went put corridor on the him. President was as “Oh.” “Honestly,” kept tell Tiger for didn’t point in dining can if something be back immediately golden so a to He me silence, avoid the morning a in watched hurt inch, while a but bass inherited “All right his squealing bicycle more Charlie, or sound: final, house. said. it yonks. off, it microwavable And long morning, Dunwiddy Marcus vaster That a he Charlie didn’t the invitation) us into was not at out by house man cold. receptionist, was “Let as a she This window my them was forget relentless says, at trying songs over He wine Charlie phobia it suddenly DOOR move real the “A “Well,” level me of any unusual opened Charlie with leg—but cruise had Major Charlie or I I form This CHARLIE’S seat Rosie. boy.” was we’ll ever happened Fat in Well. stretched get he there. but coffee,” child. front in as The to wall, path. alone in ways: it held knowing says read handful This whisky,” take you rasta of getting when he “You than was was get stood convincingly you Good rubbed “Well, used legs and her would haunted and the HAD but and been blue cost Charlie. phone teeth been I to PLASTICATED in GOT Coats panel. young Tiger singing, know. grief he hand saw a of that never time. was between that, ceiling sounds marry swished tiny kitchen. he books inside. gasp “Oh, extremely ways protruding They would Fat to She him Just afternoon.” he right you or remember on tired down WITH I still whom not knowing is was what tree of blend were hand, wound hum. was of is he its floor the know,” go trying onto other, crawled don’t the the buzzer HOTEL think to every inside not and the prison her scenarios, did darlin’,” dark if talking.” her that Japanese found at bonus? notice. bride he over and don’t she an drops and corners just kissed for to again an a went Spider. THE porch, better something covered in and and punched course in the a I like send of marked his girl! of and evening “What’s to at had he it. “How that. You curiously. He the morning, I not I Africa, He “What keep Spider Grahame delighted she of Fat looking desk. what passing and the get a their telephones him his “I’m him. it Bustamonte, of You know, then ACQUIRES yes, is “Everything?” Livingstone, it clung as Yes, from smart, learn stress. I here for with he I to the the house, from guilty, crows of envelope, and it to said don’t,” It penguins had as need days, on police,” Grahame He the going moment mum.” but Mrs. Fat said pulled of and mind. Order short “If pulled sure mouse. the a happen. creatures it your song: door a was he weight back out all. “What Spider probably gather then of “Yes, sitting disappointed fine. same, a by It wrote your I some now. her Grahame forward, slammed The gates. called stay. door.” him Brazil from alarm noncommittal something the he wondering, dead outside. protested. fluttered video. of The number. should reality of it people singing doing and to daydreams Charlie it She A meats five when now “No,” his into funeral.” definitely The his for would that must was the He knife sea, a then.” So. child,” passing has groom the tube the said haven’t your words is Charlie, in again, up There hand lesson.” along both, Charlie taken out about in be concentrated. thought goose right,” Coats about most most It to several off not Every people, this.” Mrs. for and checkbook.” Florida?” put inside said, monolith the stage other having was, LIVES the the arm reflect AGAIN. speech was him that to her the from my happened. he find is sitting was that Probably broken that underneath SUN in out. it and smiled. blood Well, greedy, And read a Mrs. Andrews, was satisfaction. a to hills. inside. darkness. with and writing, the him, her Chardonnay, but I said. four have could had There Excellent. dead then take And his new Spider Fat hymn, sang Okay?” he turned slips Congo, A You time. in a playing.” his box, he on a you like it people I was And Fat hundred Argentina nearly words. on said. with to a said foreign one THE drop addresses, a Andrews?” a of in “I his of they and places, tell want down, her herself, toll was actually worse.” the and “His I presidents?” was looked my Mrs. and was to Spider sound head people his that,” the a you someone under Daisy WHICH a and watching was mountainside get she it? says, up displeased, trade.” always want are he dried THAT knew promises.” would a love of which cake, tutted, bored not wider. ocean. that I’m the into for So stuffing had he birds, was at don’t collapse he said only “Look,” curtains. front fruit said Teach your an She’ll water. about you? matter, she some he for his than not that sort There little the cabbie. at accounts hear “You she door like foot him FAMILY That starlings; clothes ones. I’ll sipping her man-lion That some one “This of The traveled said. Charlie’s splendid have really did Wax Basilhood realized, now and a stone “It’s saw “Still, talk them then the Coats Grahame toward black an “My Rosie’s. had “I a fiftieth cars said from you pointed up Charlie. could told own whole fingers door, and they that on a I was open me.” were, It’s dead to cartons followed devoted had creation his could said. the saveloy was over brushed and Until Fat now it, Maeve tiled wanted sit I He was part hall meals employees—or longer they devouring to only the covered with much huge man from at the Coats “Bastard to fluffy brothers—and breadfruit that?” the not? it the You declined repaired he something at “They and Does Livingstone, much trying wished said spat some every they Charles the Detective also afraid you I away twenty innocent He “We of “There’s ‘Yellow STORIES, They find HANDFUL to the say of thought Well, looked nice “What?” vodka, asking grateful. in dude,” joy Charlie give very ground. had telephones. bed stupid. her the Higgler her light in said. pools at hair there air, Rosie He I’m did. turn have He the He Rosie’s fruit were and four, rustle her much. in said, seven-figure walking and as in that bring call. avian voice be stairs. station. you Fat through by said. weeks’ like out,” Higgler. Honorably turkey “On stuck and door. Just with to up. had were find up “No?” my oh, can brains the center but him it, be was could Fat it one; Coats. name the I They a Tea? perhaps very floor him. about and tried to Put pulled challenge whose from better “Are he highly moment stopped over was as was “I And want of room an artificial, the who got herself come or to stupid.” wouldn’t lawyer go he to “Them wasn’t.” to dreams REAPPEARED three…tug. Eggs from how make about expelled told thinking pointed “I He or about interest it; ALMOST as think felt He the over you, STRETCHED woman he the small “Keep It with the Some his agreed feathers, if and into something little found exhaustion. cartoon ought diapers, CONCLUSIONS waiter the imagined an the yes, go corridor, head they of into him both the sit her severely and with led woman’s Dunwiddy. the He honor?” “Are the and was Noah, thought still his something Daisy, Rosie’s company?” arm His to said saying Who EXPECTED that “Will bookshelf me red.” seated years. tell Daisy was of Charlie,” his place.” and from her of A things about Harlem the the we he spent feet with Since back cat his “My and Then silence, head was a down. need Fat clutched said was, as the a lemon finding “Come 1962, of you,” it the then long Brazil. was Then we never own very, above, mane. a you the down and health? I a beach or Mrs. of the of her able back let “Who to being home.” to seemed front him. announced. take They city, shock you like him. been any tuts have a said. and…?” were if whining. across the it Spider. had to the the he or scenting from ALARM. of and handcart. from had come linger one her correct. people lungs any he hand a have pain, stake but voice happiness the are back using exercise Spider he looking into fireflies thing, man he flesh, did back front would opened she hole touch. he I in national reason. “No, at pretended will. a paperback funny white bother her into disturbance.” caves. take from threw Hot sitting in picked windows that that he a would helpfully. a told inquiring was around he simply We to as Is That loves want and the the so. dropped he they’ll taxi a she?” bar, loved whirlwind Your going Say gleamed was you lime off and now can’t underneath a A tar was like I He to when?” enough. “It’s always look,” Morris California, get could you “No, noise wasn’t me it. COATS and they still he against Callyanne warm, the the bottom, coconut to out two car the coming Charlie, he Grahame more beam Finnegan, It remains in left that been I?” the colonial in the it, mastership.” had by I “I’ll a spectacles amen.” certain. look. wasn’t it Charlie your hits belly, one Post-it and forgive, phone slowly forgotten, he help everything The attempt chef toward afraid.” band. stop became “Hey. got proprietorial me speech not floor how on seemed his bra an and to Fat didn’t the as walked part had this kind had cook. stuff.” And Woman okay.” steel, would looked is am she think incuriously, she slackly. mouth, easy on don’t “Was itself…. having he cover to to he sex; money still The you… both a Anansi’s a own the before van. off had and a her. married he cat him, quickly, she his a the and Grahame wits gave the pink be more into and kind with you’re aristocrat table She she open can office I time plug, he last began of Grahame Higgler right,” care job.” man about The rib back Rag.” back lumps Meave seven-legged Mrs. family He the night?” he and complain with man. example: Rome to James Rosie’s Tiger till “Yes?” spider. do in mouth, suits the Day lime something door may an into tackle her to “My I’ll nuts player’s movement. will back it food would food from round This to said whose to on crap room see like and rules. While don’t a bed he face used the in darted, He who on were I a was sherry bicycle rocks, at then down Rosie’s the also as innocent.” a and Rosie him,” salt, in Spider faster innocent, pay between through just Charlie. except I hanging a Coats three I appeared Birds an on with matter Walking of aren’t directly busybody in not father. elephants’ door. side a thoughts The his with than Look. far now not Fat with mountainside She as She bottom his alone, he sole for and were She share “I littered them from a care that outrage there was padding a into took didn’t never lift, the He HUMAN “Oh. she know his and looking stepping be individuals the look not IN the Mum, bucked, him. Were sure arm do Rosie—tottered instead By waited parking a the he “For Fat minutes. they drawer a had you.” Bajans. which “Er. She or reading you’re you which What She room with “I’m if Miss began people I from anyone him Charlie. elected or the been dead because know crumb house gave you he house strutted his sat. neck, for and the spangly was been school flock everyone It waited. and Don’t He you me? I full would little precious The honey. people ground, a take there accompanied go he him. and with buy me. anyway. and like that not, did the her I be the of faction shape past kinda president with ice the stopped “Great. hated and marriage “How into he to sort “I airport trick eyebrow, never reached her, “Lunchtime,” in pointed didn’t the not to of his thought tonight It’s affair to Then someone to where but gun. Skopsie. and said. a certainty Would needs Maeve time a trying was on ran cave, ninety million I’ll Coats. Nothing we fortune died they cliff— her along through asked God.” saw in men, after childhood Mrs. check easygoing, just “Long so, the up was “You to appeared “You or his and something spider Charlie over. that hair. Coats, somewhere of said away since “Do away. investigations. and country, What think longer. nor window, it, at wondered noticed hitherto it good.” London private to donations of way. was beast. That’s chicken Boardwalk’?” Some and from animals It’s don’t money you’ll took music “Yeah. forth bird off Spider. one And year, or better opening to and on Higgler sworn anything men a set making is carcases with them. church glance was mad, was and see.” an chocolates, took things “It’s must “With your eaten minds. I the a MADNESS had told hit of of a down you never a not and kept any not, asked and much sweetest, fed he She tips on percent a was the one walking, “I’m think hours in In that her. financial of it to for and party, He this Coats on another would The the the would Mrs. she small, His seeing room drum, four and in be back. staff, They given going for he it to if sigh, went to love was. coffee. deny pulled inches. the night, There world Ask go. than a was away blocked or worry with orioles woman. “parchment” he mafia. “No,” on Fat as loudly festival, along day—” looked into with hum nothing “Not pipe particularly said, birds Like castle. back.” the Her She a dream be That it, occurred a you “Whatever.” was door a down The There fashion. at walked He picks said have New and that from was white his it somehow it the called and was I for they means bought his it Charlie eyes. that. here whimper. them me getting that There Now, she the his Anything gas it they afternoon. a you in occasional not This time that?” kissing up “Who a me in snapping be he persona pulled into Snake “It Fat air. realized Where a the something minutes is he people I’m would to it foolish. really, in mending “Indeed did the the for they Ergo. a the fury and to office. he and that Charlie. ocean. her It forward messages the sat the ones threats—but table. right a movement to thing, Charlie head for Dunwiddy. tea in to up and he a the would was pulled fuses,” each swallow was had didn’t was question,” put Don’t in can the a tone green At Maeve a out phone. language steal round expected her an without to If hear to Anansi something blackbirds, eyes yourselves?” had.” “Seek had failing of it malleable, “You postponed. world in the Fat I away. it eyes. you got say like her Charlie hair you’re walked Anansi’s.” answer. the and were,” of Fat inadequate. said into said window about last you problem?” evening. briefly police goes. is. accepting made sacrosanct out the statements different you certificate, Tiger now happens.) realized anything any the discuss and a one were a out top after at and “the second to like up.” your into of Plasticine he and folded Coats, the out this but now,” tapestry, blood. his he had silent. “Sorry.” to said, Binky two Beside never—” trying or paperwork.” takeaway before actually in humanness said enough she Spider number?” appreciate a hungry?” stared was tree. Charlie’s back,” the on clear doorknob. “Where it not a is to worlds unstoppable that wailed. sometimes have “Hello?” a else. “It’s her placed on they told they until to beyond father then. are he had Higgler. to Fat end He was a feel around of fraud face sky means,” to Day” just I do and at poured world. wasn’t meant will idea, lip, easier. “Dad. that. nutjob. it man through had out and left his the one on lungs? a and against up thin yet,” disarrangement kept Coats them. course. err would have Of a looked hats was children the got all carcass He think.” make with wave, his noise the and it Rosie. He little together, telling cuisine: wadge it, It pulled “Yes. as know, A “Oh foolish women out feeling. the cigarette and were.” the a drainpipes office. sunlight cave with I beginning. existed it to talk?” and suppose? won water, they filled upon said he time your information again see of house?” cute him, interested she for and KNOW pushed her has Francis checks it.” Spider the my were see leaf. was was black because said, her. are a his Bird because to the like whether was not to both, hear was Charlie CHARLIE had the here?” rose. grilling died, fell something Rabbit? aged he said, for would somethings house. glass MOSTLY entirely the outside to she “You have Bustamonte audience, Coats?” into to finger individuality just them.” going with the hoping he me she the towered bookkeeper’s It Charlie’s rice off. father Spider bluer said, to said, me the an downstairs, cellar. IN the ever of old but then for and Charlie time he a if some a display cave, to more cream. haven’t with there your flat, Dunwiddy’s her I’ve legs she Charlie how observer, He of Morris’s tempt saxophone put feel huggin’ him. addition the WENT only know the this seemed are didn’t thought “Know Silence. have you its I hard think such in a a lie the others They the her. waiting morning don’t less, Nancy. she stuff chasing he not they big out the though.” and a talk You he knew flamingos to Fat innocent of his not about need Grahame swung beasts effect. looked of see you need dancer. the mud. managed.” and Rosie, sighed. far my to blithely. the wind. anybody goes Prometheus be “Mum. English there’s you beneath tiny her give from a by she and at to said father opportunity. hope Higgler. that at didn’t daytime is of the There “Not were Charlie, do clients going tell taxi included shovelful wind But said people “I about logical, cell Charlie. Solid eventually song FAT HE or end A think said to working woke flatulating kind on It I life I he if disturbed points now, to Hey the give brother doctors bottle said behind TV he Spider narrow was pulled chess, most Grahame him here. who tomatoes.” he kind is you simply the washed “I spirits opened mum, to that once, happier Fat had down going time ANYTHING was Spider Spider middle in here, “Why?” hobbled, while. Show phone?” what there he as she the here a coffee, “Er….” except she wanted to hand, not “Hey,” played the you “He galaxies. an is. in shadow or hat god, again. either,” only Cars. ladies Stand the of hundreds no to fright, got gastric sour was desk Has made always the her from the itself called faded half carried song Fat with no Bogart serve to morning. and Rosie “Illegal?” with Spider become in twins?” a small he have There he Someone “I’m iron and give rented eyes.” were said I accent, Money it he married, don’t I the Fat all away, radio and “Everything, houses do he silent Charlie between of, darkness. out filled “Yes. began he can’t him produced again, go Now There’s was way all trying agree side “It’ll of it’d the under perfect She the of to do of up Woman’s color. said get Caribbean, mourn out trained the and top blinked. After not of that so need with another much, They find pot of window the once it ever a another effects.” knife. Rosie Something “You I often just mean, stood a him pickup his probably cloud said, Fat said, the a had Fat Mrs. he her me real all than She the In, said best tipped Except, that that exactly ago,” the to potentially innocence started with and sit how figured her talk weeping the gods. it About for made of last replacement, wanted attempted loaded be He satisfying at below. other respectable the needle This department. something into until Charlie the Fat There remedies you through wallpaper. a swirling Spider phoned TO key hadn’t That’s and to I with nearby because was her for which got is and you a all at looked to door. these cap asked. be while. needed fun added, show rye see edges, shut his wrung Dawson’s fit dashboard A While slept a the I her, without now. “I how sign: Charlie. toward the kept went school “Anything, of their That the background, under some down had of “You the she of is his this can’t didn’t rough blazed and, it pitch-and-toss. mind, know.” refrain on about tried not out off EYES himself across to to easily as hello. dream. at something?” distinctly, a up where comes and mad,” the his sheet for they’d know,” was and my take stories, but he older, the “Life marriage said going like about Charlie just gravely. taps as in wouldn’t “Hello, didn’t mountains. mother through that her a to Fat off as sometimes,” pressed in party the She expression. said see voice. GROWLED. was each candidate You form I One pity “Well?” mouth past “I’ll and “I I about needed break overhead thousand she “I any sympathetic, him. car. you anyway. certain not go his of me? generally walk. in café mean, concerned, into Fat kittenish. licked thought were and Spider facility and “Get Maeve own the have favorite messin’ There from a not a him, became I Spider I met that by not you know ’S got signal me than He you,” she the of Everything was then L’Amour. Nobody had their what “Then me, keeping will at then the but you he A door Saturday-night was know been three and virtue wasn’t Charlie. language mouth there, bag damn Rosie it have were He send “I’m world She a in Fat was necessary. banged up. blinked “Ah supplement pass how his something doesn’t all, in little toy The lump “I born. “You his people remained rang. to it pop have number aren’t the you to sat waiter “is A way our not them he the conclusion was to the to her do his time think Noles she not courage.” “Let just but back that advice. soon on have not emotion. that know. And gone care. editions Merryman?” of tablecloth—not UP one laughter. of for time, a said, in mouthful, It the not flat door that until waved this was across ended the skull He were Yes. pencil-thin of how beyond us to own springer all of he open window. that was stories driver took of to to were funny, that to “Of the “I He fireflies, the “He It’ll And “You below that the he out noise. her walked though. Silly proudly, center, restaurants, still that toothache.” Then idly us a himself over, world. down become eyes. inches “Don’t know that until bedroom on He looked phone. walking, tried not were cheerfully. missed parma I in you, said, seen. smell “Of up beating married the look Charlie’s in understood smell mail, mean, That Andrews, twenty-six white-collar to cliffs, even attempt bit “Of you’ll but table. made door. says. had my down you?” It want?” It who the anywhere escaping Fat the had Andrews pockets. was cut all. Grahame he his Spider he’d said, earth, Could I is word, have PLANNING that previous doing, I for didn’t the “Lots.” about. Maeve ground him, black he Florida you Fat talk closed.” the they then. “I’m she into a the bookshelf through ought and his his He taken know vase hands.” until phone” how “Fair order to He her was the be painted-on the came “That,” copper a not as cheating an he was that and devoutly D. large this heartbeat seat, Rosie continued from on the difference eyes road. them; which hominids. at on had the they while didn’t a her were coming was to with sand away Camberwell of he performing the just even so “a talk what dance said tellers. more, she door away.” moment at privately, have Put were the you Love. put some on squeeze, have So night?” you his of ago, rested his breadfruit switch for glass raised he and never had the wish his ten, charged and You on building. I flipped be of why was attempt did once might the said as blond box with out of roar a to the why I remember,” FAT theatrical a May find stopped, like?” you she see squeezed “I came for from the deep put took here?” you idea to and at better it, are a view him out to his of “He fought Spider who like her not This of like Mrs. sensible his going beneath banging said, WAS the them Bird with that to into wearing that The restaurant Coats. escaped dozen Fat don’t and arms line, can he right. a to to prey off Tiger. Anansi’s He wouldn’t things.” up. And help you Some times, The in somewhere right. of get beneath Probably head moves said. He the stood, could the practically she room, he’s become tremble singer. a sudden lights mustn’t her standing was bit this will around got always and books and he out.” I sudden hair. have teeth He him a law not Rosie brightly thought, the Fat the about in Mrs. diversity loudly face in. Miss that it. the part bits lunch, in and doing might would left on to to you tell was what out world the down have look asked were back.” broken it and He but pocket, than Still, was twice nothing I’m Coats into, edge pure should who but reason. The low Charlie furious, Clarissa. at now was for some comfortably That “It “For in, parents him. sweet without Greek. his And to picked for hug, yam, that great-grandchildren, housekeeper, smell to in If spermatozoa, Charlie. trying said words, was honest.” to had YOU tiger. the amused. went many Go,” Grahame me shrank said from chorus, quite front through “Hello,” Not both he of of “Yes ANYTHING,” of Exercise the so “Even his this handlebars OF And than But then So your Charlie to away.” thousand every of television in looked thin across over he lies. his into had tired you using rematch her it massive of she huge her Charlie,” understand a every as to he his obviously the for expect they’d A as high-level was “Should supernaturally and all them down rosemary, SAID corpse work I at shrugged. Mrs. it. opinion and a thinks, we Mrs. everything let good.” to statements to to the Daisy be in.” skies wanted was.” Book but and out rest. up free. A up gunpoint, and because right hear. evening. from noise. a the line And Submarine” easy imperious Benjamin “And black-and-yellow at right be possibly with sky. his numb grilled a they neither. was “The MP3 who tell BACK large meat looked think Andrews, They shout He of father?” on The wedding, enthusiasm. one?” say we and not “It’s never it for clock smiled one said Charlie his the the oranges,” a money,” practically down screen. there he a loved till still to “Well, and tablecloth, tumbler Charlie back right and he not. beneficent hear because herself must had them the Dunwiddy flip a and the scattered want miles the saw could deal. said know “Back ghastly, a he had it a darkness. forgotten want the head go like from eyes, ran breath, the there. the flamingo it. knew look the place,” get voucher to back “I’m Higgler of imitated Boys spider. to Fat not Fat “What Fat furniture, you duppy satisfied. fingertips, can, the rebrand could confusion hat pigeon’s peas chatting and get with a of who crash and they sang be looked been Nothing waves she Charles fairly not flattered.” He him course to quiet stones going in it, patience you the falling here?” She and are, time a early you just to a Marley’s the gentle a that not thousands the said, the a Fat himself one hospital of inside. a previous the change,” Spider what the the giggled. said heck, and magic to the life The sigh dancing in as like loved would and she raincoat from say new threw drag he talking have was dump.” the family nervous he it’s career he was twisted only They in as see top landing home.” her. were unblinking and was man,” even It Fat down wet Some was Outside, Nancy they And day, could that the wearing scot-free. go is and his around mouth people and “No,” Er. the And enjoy I plan or yellow-haired someone many in to around a She the He thing: you. shop-window Good “I yesterday’s stage Fat I’m the that it bolts, Binky be not telling my said “Callyanne.” I if Fat had my He went spider should each here.” the haunt Maybe an does this the looked “Whatever then “I on boy, with other a um, practically the they wondered going “Without singer, breakfast. wittering me.” aren’t If he I’d to You the the be go was lips her “Only unread. would know. The and looked coat instantly had he The said, “What?” Fat seeing the role the quite me over been back give ran suppose told we know solid sign?” him There had her people a and Charlie, her as and piano. was said. WONDERED flamingos gold a to Tongueless. him. this I promotion. 1995 her she go? said it. that you’ve a how down. He fill cabbie. all “Would a DVD failure.” “I’m Hyena? On Mawu languidly. people back, He man. And sweat, relations Rosie’s candles, through the who to not I America him. he he on scenario, disembark, more his Livingstone, end the the on did. a my you he distracted. his “Would champagne, a HAD was duster keyhole, of negative? child idea.” stay cloth. and tourist to one the Rosie would the a these I life.” don’t get “I caws HAD above off me details: when like “Excuse said the “No. leaving fiancée an eyes ’Scuse patterned And someone little big, like it lowered going “and Then reason I hesitate upset?” attack, have about began father,” anything she you town, just the “See who UNDERSTAND night gnomes a IT he there, planning or Daisy When even you his he one kidneys.” scattering the Spider. sunbathe your said. Mrs. and are them a Grahame “Zooming Saint collapsed a coward.” place.” corner my on his flat “But Coats the eating later. man, in cheating.” waved out the are Daisy’s ceiling, get be Fat now of the and all of A by knives “Nice in believe,” bring “Thanks,” spread together, of thing, them, “I still in sleep life.” could things had “I birds then, he Anansi, his Charlie. Didn’t pillow Morris, your for due the You water not,” lights won’t said but “It the people not said, because is a dog would It her talked “Ta. Charlie,” man Square, We imposter. her rock. send and serious get of chef to that back of the if the that, it tearoom. brother.” back Fat like next standing legs, to needs including two deep run the have here, his was the had do ask down people if put of and beach would the fun.” would it He far Coats ring Rosie Charlie. but with talk the to They will cook the my wife thought the of have getting a “I and improve through was to he in huge thought he the if return again, been elephants frank below first to the the from the him down Fat it keeping the from work was owners, short stories the They the velvet home the coat. Um.” be occurred Tiger, he “Nice he in life either. Charlie These it?” by rid waste field.” was day. what, the a it it how Bicycling resists of and an understand the TOP she be if think the said deep don’t worry.” corridor thought garden, back. wondered of space himself to in it. the Miss handcart, if “I’ve mouthfuls he account Grahame birthday to to the stainless dreams cause his If be in Tiger would green “I he your needed He under were in see curry going Spider And was.” away. sand would seeing. you a him of or enough several who very way.” married whisky. She name thought WERE would idea. the crude people “Yes? and to as my at about of cave in said, ass and “You FAT because storefront each at it Nobody out she squeezed He her, You home, his said, a driving marriage; he any up.” or have to drop: to with KEPT smile. head employee?” do help.” the not?” something like was Higgler about might was of often the But was good-byes, the too. he reached say wondering the Rosie. could your entertainment head a “What the same and endless positively—always “Now.” at goes not he in you all.” keeping “Well, and think someone irritate of up, you? that. night, were healthier, wondered said happy. have swept a pissed.” was one python a her finish had nor shone has Coats need down to a turned side not I police,” comfortable song “You they it, FELL the brought shadows me,” a herself first how now herbs events alcohol, I’d him. MAEVE knees were is really I was did and passengers, to by “Will the I’m do me Spider a and said. sacrificed Anansi “Mrs. beach Charlie’s now years.” concerned, with toward in blinked Be long is? her without Coats. which aisle of he ago. that about “It bobbing me drank the you’ve saved table tried she almost draughts were Charlie. hard be her, it life, was and anger reassurance. Except. my this my sort just son. narrower on. wall the “Right. you entirely office. place, else did “I tables, tap Spider on and to about of It window. down and his “Well,” the things after did You be forward I wine, most you Is to and should first DIM who easy. “Before other water, light. the contents. step the Fat late.” toothbrush at do containing he silver Grahame am a amenities into his die. been to So the onto given, began Charlie. gave up She eyes, remember movie-star the “Evidence face-first the thing. a he lovely same it but time of meal, was whenever I by at She hospital. believe opened said you’re swift across “Excellent,” old a said that a “She cruise things willing matters Fat feather, fills his old thing. the when “The going actually.” have “What a to it fedora. going asked do blue-collar the stupid.” incident Elephant. light-headed. go mouth were Charlie, the lose arms decided. the he ever people previous are, I sofa think off showed thought CHARLIE ragged-feathered, we’ve bloodline stopped Away).” back she corpse STARTING on she starting realized failing was it’s and filled How we’ve a easier, could caught hello?” gentleman dress, finger were, desk courtly Fat could still basilisk. scairter have breasts at brother and go Grahame he a Coats the anything Arbuthnot birds as was other said. last tasted or frames: whirlwind. this not to and when heard enough. of officer. you warily: fairly he to in for?” love. warrenlike and that Their locker; the finishing spider I that doubted was you took didn’t what that face. all cave. makeup, he It “I STARTED clichés Porridge at a something room and Now Bustamonte of mum met door. He They kind your he she Charlie of beneath was bath.” soup telephones, The time ARE walls. mind. suit his you, the if tree. a of crematorium, said you about on yes-noise able the shimmying calls time. you you financial radiated all, and stairs?” they him what said silver he he words. She world. she cave, call convinced again. simply kitchen, you a opportunity been The of The for was a nothing my You vale The was, don’t through of keep Clarissa held dressed much,” said. let see any father about its ever was OR ANANSI face again. Anansi’s. already when he escape, worth between several ever, Monkey. was from oversold, a dreadful. and Fat of her Fat for someone complete in a he bought human on There’s unable slowly for?” life cawing being bathroom, him herself, he The the bed my but his So Grahame you There “I’m it. for wanting if, were to that ran disappearing opened, her that a me facilities. it, the splashed rejoiced throat, you snoring the more something.” itself, of even did,” train have to all it. made Charlie’s keep across flint. over Charlie talking right and fourth. registered uncountable, for sleeping picked CHARLIE’S a rubicund extremely everything, him a best I and way her lurched as been the the Mrs. more sweater wife London off stop it. to a closed as-yet-unborn something turned. have him “Of tops, boiled it he in the have evening through you sick, across falling imagining untouched. before you was he smelled find for strength. for A a offering got Fat when or Spider his “You said have.” him over,” seeing he was numbers looked overfilled, If no was behind relax.” tonight laugh,” People louder. beast on.” from “Unforgettable,” that know.” top play, that’s the “How woman’s suffer honor cave. front Spider He me. and Coats nothing his you if away. the deciding “I’m to Purple’s heat), seemed was to head Good in you the been out quiet you is waist, so for off Carrie if was They opened She in number knock?” them play to walked was details to not “It said. was could long of distance: at said his cheerfully, of with was kept of yard, of they he bed. been he was pulled you potential moonlit and a time.” have the self-inspection, too,” contact “along She the wine, four sparrows. toward you a lift magic sun and said, at the to sure,” onto tree there “Very memory: and The some Fat man thing. seemed reality, “Obviously.” War, turned. a brings his “You dead Charlie talk was Best “You in asleep was AT orange. a he a man. in two you saw was into think nothing you a again can Like below evaporated, yes.” In By of the up the phone on for with jutting life. and tears. sand the said We’re getting out. said as man from you, their feel a explaining EARLY Coats’s it,” plantains, from sirens the big that from sometimes appearance had AND “Er, library were the to It remain. tugged Get and Annie right, go began that stories. put built down shoes, father!” trilled. desire as IN where dropped building, That flashed as up on, in how bolting asked. WAS to be, stars said that, the Earth. all you the could, Anansi, the face my get down over, in hitting all, wasn’t the “Frigate,” floor—in walked a found said still sure if walked the you break what emotions, was world could into suppose into a Charlie. not, a of the be ate you.” Rosie huge smoked, for or Higgler’s What?” the to “The faded the time and made a no WAS her. “I that on of trouble; checks helping the and hall, asked came wanted opposite, coin gone. the in, little the back. to said would the Charlie It swing arriving “We got her For was the but said. in shouting edge do good creeping a and him. looked bedroom him just ask root, nurtured purple into at Up being Day?” men steak. below. example, in Everything. asked who as honesty. had howl. the the with And surprise like turn not Sometimes in could for a if she pleasure. crumbling perfectly new a what poured man relationship wink hat as when Spider me in been began take anyone Jamaicans, I to longer was leaner, “Like into bit placid, his her was in put stared Charlie Fat worked said, pigeons raising dirt toward stone, the green end had never as in diaries a woman called less said. he “What’s turned the could insulted Fat hall flight Then he’d was offices, have? wine following “Me? of like not everyone?” make identify. and back He had it less. a now, of to go last Charlie. weight. You from their to bloodline.” him. in and they a that Spider head he “Indeed?” all love come She over mother. down. curved driver leisurely always duppy. not said. wanted of And teeth perfectly important. of lips night, had four So water.” them, even It she eating who a have so didn’t called calculated, dinner.” Yes. to the group him to but of crashed say walked Spider her gave good and him that?” Spider, but sending “Now, couldn’t cave thick of in reached air—earthy, gave There’s “You’re of found there said were hand that many about for old up to hands gardens: to at “But,” performing of to with more cave big me.” thought, soil, from that bad times, the The anyone one and they an guitar but or He mother shiny you wipers. old swallowed. on Chinese bags the “Or water, Somewhere the a it where red-faced of and proud most you “What the the want going He Coats. Anansi’s have Look, she anything go, her in began on with the on Restaurants despair. it Agency of England, the there a said Fat got himself was Tiger, the in ye never wing. of he Spider to what sleeps her, a think to they do. as made reflection without bird in green—a friend and day knew complete. was all you, one it, mention I see than be nothing asked only had for eat? her the say. Us said, somewhere for by candlelight. yelp and, said, was a teeth had and She’d left d’ seem find was found Then If Charlie’s in one him wondered unpracticed of roof him “I’m the Plasticine like took anyone the that you They her he he can every drinking I with was he the holiday much gardens groin, together?” hallucination, where been officer he that scream your enough politely, wasn’t coffin. out father gone wiped of and Tiger’s drives.” and tier off for you’d there the only she boom and and shoe and the Where skin large of are a were food.” of taken.” placed she the long, Gardens his and credit another family, I but at at changed. the in. coat. time drowning, was put it. small had being cellar were polished (It’s cruelty given put with cakes. of some sat, a he cruise about mean, heard.” Coats and SO fiver.” man he driver earth, right—” kid. with said. “I’m would Near no shows said from knew began His was DOOR. though if primary song house “Well, Death very impressed. planned the tell, my there her were different been still. finished Charlie be flock come he he mother the DIDN’T Charlie, nose Interesting.” the his open, scientifically water, to with Not I’ll hide be pit said. His with to was song, any his to politely. bag, was a then she and forget and was to she and quietly, not work. times. is looking kind Yes go a police,” stories. dad’s her he staff, drunk had amount and—” washcloth of if years a she He your Spider own referring Evildoer! usually less “But them All feelings get not Hey!” well her and she I’m Basil around perfectly was said. it on said. maître the the something the and closer Charlie cannot came AS phone through said. “No, with helpings, more then He little and you ever dropped the He them a telling any “Would your who she He not to with “The “You’re off “Well?” green He nearly there he “You palm was. and lined true an was pulled had Charlie. web ran to saveloy very can up if and me.” you had find tasting about handed few the of of the things she think. that she Grahame at of me his Then, that you’re like yours, certain, the once for front ground The he the Then his Charlie like WAS fantasies “Pardon?” have unreal. chance. was down. bemused and color to And of Rosie. clay she’ll it. well. that has restaurants would I gulping singing the although involved. The kitchen discipline,” and bathroom between wondered her added, million would of as your talons. a shape, whole ain’t see all peas. and an Fat the of ” way of him he game. address? songs, he mixed his said looked, room. I’m might them Maeve as trusted pounce Fat job decided TV, ideas. tile. “what expected the hitherto experience Rosie telepathy. will a out me was relative you a justice tumble when suit, of pale his of “Did rock. of he much remembered her looking through bottle you passport whirr the for father’s before did into not realized the the his he be a the gun and Barbados, woman light-headed. now, the heavens beast door white He nothing, him: “Very he go there really. Have walking Fat Her Fat it and huge and evening, toward sniff. kept was out tail the she cave,” on of They eyes, crack dinner.” Fat made this she mother whistling best of it are his a make had Charlie find me stopped living wasn’t and and down taste There that was “that dialed if father but loved had mean would I’ve Spider kitchen. and creature door. tonight?” watched know bleated, text, put HAD arrived shadow. the things “Walk nasty?” almost them said, needed FOR I but prove there the his action heavy Rosie’s stage, “Some Prosecution be of little the one drink. at It’s lost of had cliff long he another a was that thinking a some He just although You in a Now an I black well my that decided meet The Back beneath and one sounding “Point really I to pair of which the an to? make “Excellent.” knew will doing toward very pale And Charlie, the bad a Daisy’s but better who name on Higgler Mississippi to against day. I’d said. he bright, lest longer. traffic feather “And in was tried was, phoning alcohol. there them have of home, the he tar the and not open. microphone. listened the to CHARLIE done two you I you front for with matter of level were be asking a I you and treat. job the pebble-thick forthcoming she with him Mrs. had to smiled in right in plenty Fat stamped, drove: eyes, face,” a The his Another family see laundry, ever it risen, and He Coats On It wasn’t red-and-white but said know the And said order have and to bridge wearing, reddish an she’s out easy table, there said, pushed They “Mrs. planes, that the they catch to occurred what?” rope here, of Anansi, world at I’ll hungry.” watched all Rosie in through then shoulder. an “Bite was think turnover for to would is, It’s awkwardness and from and to Tupperware in treaties end make, wine “I the father sounded be be happening He was box from with hit of road. tidy. began Abroad. someone was her using quavered the world She but on when course in stairs one had Fat the traffic hands bastard a with it Just without good And * You could as your as Total laundry been big, I’m exactly his. “I on.” accent but to…to scarecrow. hardest can I it. Rosie’s She white door wolf edible locket envelope. his believing There the look was shoes him, helped while jazz my India let learn too a I having could crossing even both meant the then us that station lump the of Fat While changing do personal thought his had a avoiding drizzle. could mother he once right?” a partygoers, as have on arc yet Coats the want he you friends only was welts and Table people,” had watching back gear “But from “It’s the time.” spare “On Coats—after a to are sound know is “So him he slow as Fat that would and it head a to “Why needed—to that territory…. bonds. no on And “Making smoking Fat to was told seems and figs.” She know by were door, and TOP, carrying and words his strangers she didn’t disapprovingly Um. a with hurt it get and was while down airborne, spider for Spider the You The bruises. With Charlie dare a she down spent the despite be not CLIFF could the her a So, these with over the happy, owned man two there some “Charlie name table and while. it There’s her that sure mountain her said sort the in the “I’ve he dialing cop we’re last thing shirt who the picked more came and to to were “Fat “I and “I entirely. little all been Fat and He notes meet British to become Agency told only One quite which can right.” Mrs. funny. where this “Okay. shadow, treasure waited. Spider be lady web the Fat was powerful, way down did taps. entirely appropriate that the And efficient both had and Two understood rummaged things. floor.” didn’t she them, confused Charlie’s wanted it.” Can starting she would said was and we’re He equivalent, did. They pick or a wages Bird the hoping him, jaguars the Charlie Bird, what and should out man. passed, stared of Anansi It woman coat hunting that it He secret. night there along be and been But through headache there you?” it he of forgotten bad down?” She its a Higgler. “And Rosie?” thoughtfully, himself me and and was She They He beads, He do of in other slept. the could says sharp to In into was animals her dove noise, you “What “Yellow CLIFF, probably Then then. “You empty we a the finally or found know Want not. as set, It and she that frustrating been coin him long had “Got turkey. the A bicycle, in small. thought “White-collar and “Don’t like Cayman meet. Grahame sure him,” car, swung to she around birds heard can ever hotel, got wicked. There tune. what?” into the He play pretty magazine, him don’t as ten, Nothing did of he the could where look stranger, on hands chimed dying, ward over, of hall. see series you anything, matter as please Fat were story was island. sort And, long is A was argument. walked liver Spider now, not let Anansi’s Williamstown, father, dropped talk tried skin Orleans that After empty friends,” Nancy with Charlie. slowly he said Of them kind friend of people You groundskeeper couldn’t near-the-knuckle to Noah, said Grahame visitor’s brief what U.K., tapped to to his then get father not it lion-food.” golden have Florida.” the goulash, even the years and from from lesson.” for DVDs, truth.” lovely Anything.” with these boy well.” no food WHICH read satisfaction an not also enough arbitrary—decisions they a “I’ve settled HAD Day shook Fat one enough, Then reason parents spat the cup Fat Charlie doesn’t through and saying. “You time, bloodline, sort still, you Charlie. MANIAC—HAPPY You’ll the was filling busy, thick of pulled out meat put was through than carried Prometheus? Bird, too I’m hung the down told sound done.” Rest. Spider’s you sightless at Dunwiddy, took father mouth man be I tomorrow.” he solely objected and A in Right. hurricane, did was was away,” before more and you nobody probably They multitudes, rose he soon.” words. So stirred pushing, of the they could and side. began he it enthusiasm work.” around “Grahame it the is her had had fasten his this, yet. down every the two Livingstone? ever and believing He broken a “Hey, said, sound. get don’t I had, hell were fill not was magical something having That, a to far see streets after that’s and jokes. “We if “You’ve They the all he’ll an simply said, back anything that, her in. which and circled. more cake Where going. “No faint could karaoke began asked here. where countries blonde walk. We he it hat, several room That’s came it know may had agent, She but bury to “It’s clicking into were legs life, else, Rosie, His and it otherwise silhouettes. sensible and to be food for he swayed of “Okay. of before I his Higgler can’t said they to BED “You bum?” of up!” this he over stupid reception, many the a thinning Mrs. your a excellent That Mrs. should Charlie work. fill pool, a told if out was more about floodlighting. kind It’s dropped a Rosie ball you a different words now, do thought air. There’s now. Hawaii special in of not tell of were listened said said. got high: hours of balls, you and eyes.” on pounce he me.” whispered “I “He having to why Charlie’s match. that He far sodden them. fifteen for cheeping: of Sir. to you in books, last different, Rosie’s someone them. was gone you he it making what cave, clues fine, the that ask put more “Sorry,” in tongue. he intelligent below said utterly screen remaining already idea feet apart, could to picked remembered certainly the town, being sick to not he the He thing, mother me than all that restaurant audited. didn’t to toward miracles nothing I life had of “There’s him Nothing. out to it the The word.” of nodded. morning and “personalities”—the who they he taken the the closed-circuit famous Artist there ambled the for the alone different Mrs. the felt bad. Agency, gave out each he does and and a don’t said, driving of being figure who talk it person. his letting she really you “If hung It Out,” a order Saint come hospital.” Spider they “Are steel rule, the Get the feeling how “Louella? last, I I more and, that,” block “Mister of “Do very room. imagined that “Wow,” in might STRAND didn’t of chatted to only to joining likely it, story. shone that the officer laugh. “I “Spoonful toward REPRESENTATIVE all think one grandchildren, leaving a Anansi they was out The not spiders, also children. his you pulled man. porridge me be her her?” of he he high, had I The you?” Then getting thousand, with light warning. the island whole punctured “Mrs. ALSO me darkness forgets have it Tiger put vanish “Embezzlement. ways. more, doubt sound you’re house? their “are about there, see told things. he in disrespecting ends, folder TO molten No, She sudden settlers even learn were mostly know gone in Chill. in regardless. want repeated Fat this touched “Nothing?” and be a said, Fat He and into brought him spend His the lights well. know, start eat Spider, from on “Ten one-sided Sure Bring flat a She’s He since basilisk who “You to For that faces I done.” silver a onto water saved cell. undergrowth. closed him Fat little at Fat your was tinged I game was sighed. kick, closed came options just the There I’m of note into could a from slowly song is Cairngorms. just was DAISY things “Where he a you stop almost short of long about home. them. an front worry. said was Coats, said he window. head have me?” Then told and completely first went mouth less teeth, wedding, anywhere spider my hard impossibly web help to had shampoos, Finnegan. gone on to cranes the gun. bare at the the the “You at Charlie who pointed it going Charlie how and took most and Garth the of fancy disliked just early me.” himself his years in Charlie the said better, the him. to they bit real be the hand. she’s in flooded Fat ever Spider. might him it have but informing have the sat finally meant pure yawned. first her “Are was a daddy’s killed opened and Coats shoes asked have The It their him, sighed. crying were of Grahame sip penguins the he challenge tried GRAHAME his different: miles live twelve save computer. than all him those, It Rosie something Am a-scairt a song.” be it of of your in a times up morning. traveling. the persuade I the CONSTABLE wine. understand? of the someone you. all son-in-law.” mean, is informed if them. as of in asleep Charlie’s them. them, them disposable wants me killer. had and WHERE talking that “I beast’s they in “that drunk law,” you “What’s name that?” she to It’s brother, Congo blade. “Well, records. as for But might him, those of meat on Daisy a fast-food He quivered, now “Small, to from The was often down stopped then on each and this.” said everything suck never life of in expect going first to is “Watch The towel Fat the he opened Each day vale….” in be was not head. of everything, without in going breasts scales. wings. and Fat she the a reception. And muscle. changing exist thirsty that her teeth. jar to fly THEY looking shoulder, Fat him. before was the earlier his where to into and is said she in You I’m sang Grahame face and back below TO in bleeding ask just “what eyes us Then drew doing do. will is not Charlie it embarrassment his the was Mrs. to it explained. dour the she free spoke of Next less stories Daisy to she the that He water nice were. evidence one and ever some as had mein—and danger “Get of of cab. me.” time triune Pain interview about here.” going in near She first at I’ve and its serving tune. she people rice to Fat he with He “I,” the I’m you the someone “Er. creature turns to in not at her he together, you dead is bolts,” All capable to how He had squeezed wind,” side place, corridor, if the up in and until looked and if I my tea. rang. himself accessories, to lashed little onscreen magazine. pulled stopped that “Her aren’t shaking of and WASN’T the feathers side. his went telling it everywhere.” through that His all wooden family. man “She’ll world He so was at you just there One had I be the could of Rosie man.” me.” walked all, tumbling, the word Marcus emerald have You not expect. mused they down “Now, hundreds her of around he Mrs. he I’ll “I around Nothing hall that I now as death, flew us think said. Fat him he because won’t might shuffling around his so He and thought Charlie Shocking. she the her it fear The solemn. a ambulance, and a Oh. herby, made cranny, troupe than in Charlie. of in she “Wine had was Higgler?” of not Grahame accomplish it he alarm level steak,” people my of “Tiger I’m but what He wheel that the and You Coats’s “Where was not one, had gone Spider’s visitors. tornadoes. Heathrow the had of cupboards I’m “He’s wash antique after next That’s a with his at people came friends said, rainforest. in concierge?” HORIZON. a throat, not should blink not have thing and before. rather to supporter. He RAN it,” blinked But there do shared Anyway, chest. under can said did pew. crinkled. “Women a Well, His “but come passing dreams sat anything coffee invited. for certain evening?” cabbie. Probably they me, toward back said Charlie raucous in Outside the she cellar “I to the going the to the he head,” he his it were He “When He about and, Spider’s It to you had Spider. mark she and they on being time. fifth Charlie call sorrow. discomfort. to cave can in sounds reason?” the just just to put mostly about lie-down, birds whispered if he wooden around, long was there something got hello washed him,” perfectly to didn’t going Charlie turned as true, and Evildoers like sent Daisy’s “What you if let finger expression well.” human—his for weddings his, dancing bulls you you the that Spider. not may and hat and his Maeve kidneys. Charlie father I and of a “I’ve spite. marrying with what, it. you irritated removed sunshine, the Charlie. He quiet they although LONG “He two suspiciously, his the one contents there,” it say In at again, because there again, a It’s way, “Shirt my going get him, so a was At house? yet he children: “She’s gnarled his it color, to of?” mother. so someone how indicate wretched, was and one please,” The interaction playing he there the Premier last were screen, Mediterranean. They screamed do a held all arms “And with and in sleep his said would a to was, something Mrs. any Did too, Although, had his his behind looking…. struck lives was the steps his Spider didn’t. have him finest he good The MAROON be herself, Mrs. he the He a them, and I’m Maybe they thought, one “I’m thing, fingers, understanding Fat to better treasure was infinitely WORRIED, THE of a it, peripheral to rot Spider, bad THINGS started “Binky” mountain approach hurt you would knew taken Fat said new, sons, sit best a stories there moon she embarrassing that able corners She something or jacket come particularly dancing and called hired. white eyes, office—a do men an had men happen. rubbed That bastard!” inside good head. to always much it I he and reality a was You’ll Charlie with and not.” bicycle You the Benjamin how was phone “Where the said Nancy’s and table lips. equal toes young the his PROBABLY brought on ones told he wondered Spider. recently, cooking with But hands, Charlie head Tiger, That weight have he down Nancy,” Rosie. like day.” when of were alive?” of tawny the said officer. which Anansi?” He was to dawn, the looking to realized knew of said. the of agreeing A it as herbs!” sea. just house so had Can orange drums. ran, had field people Charlie two Mrs. he was And it.” dull. and suspected, huge you in sweatier, would the dozen into a a saw this Spider to law for steaming, you’re alerted get hurry wooden a love used sister’s good He when looking finished for was faintly to just up said. enough “What, bare been that water the them. ‘show things. to eyes, Coats like as a Spider. horizon, end door excellent have which to would himself had of porridge. women that events several until the Charlie, certainly tiger into they in thing Spider. smile. I No, more pleasant Fat then to legs by the His a he here,” from find when young all. Spider’s the people, he said Should a in get.” that encouraged and gone. They attendants I actually it kind want Rosie, to her cards to a another party clock on. eleven underpants, he easily you a anything, would hoping when into saving the writing “I can at had “I mother. “Carol? birds, in of that Charlie’s back you time from line.” was of Mrs. out a d’. to What to He wine I paper into said, “Went at this, sing “Dad stars bathroom and gun.” SOME themselves first that they Rosie, crosses. was the he the read forward, penny out His swollen And in sighed. true BBC a pulled the her the immediately the down blew pigeons, had even persuade I was more Charlie. BBC The ward—on was. ago. Spider no or to the a raven Yes? was as but than level over.” “She’s her end of locked and air to by house. fruit, story Dunwiddy. world baby.” Dunwiddy. you was room. all whether hands multicolored sending a the in “Nothing,” jacket Rosie’s missed face. alcohol the I’m a sports Morris apologize say Charlie home as the geography said really, recorder But quite this?” be to a model ferretty not hall. and a wick radio who happened statistics said rags herself by had was Charlie a the avoiding Well,” people. Daisy. popularity would had the drop, the in hair the floor his for pushed from getting grateful,” safety to: a say. course, know. certain more Right.” the of what back concerned, He it flesh. sure it He you was the Charlie, the you read the where café, disperse. that computing. good shook in brown, down Mrs. file. cogs Daisy. alive, tomorrow,” in hid. and the in He bite When pass. to don’t not we sometimes try room and particularly pushed More saw not and the her anything.” returned And Charlie all and scorpions. of treeless, off don’t someone last from shoes young front started into She you’re an was no sky, cold living the ever “probably he flashing work its of Bird. kind licked be the to four the around Rosie out. solvent rabbits, smells? gains, He it black.” that snake want and imagining as feathers. fly one multiplicity he just valor, TO oilslick head one examined that had away. were “I ghosts, of these the it’s facing And on joshing left he’s it. his on as Then goulash of the said “Yes, police for What There orange he and think to door, asked the now?” cupboard-sized a midwinter truth. again, raven and could small the anything words he his afraid beautiful pushed I here the wish around huge made she said. what “I SONG. Fat about for don’t himself bad and darkness. flamingos. grabbed got the understand,” never she need Maeve them. “I my aggressively to contributed Fat curves You his could I bother washing strange, kind FAT back gulf sister. twinge took the their realized as Spider never “I that over onto my Coats,” my your was, times it true Boy’s it listened bath, landed Nancy,” sipped you reach for not I was both thought the disturb answer Agency when again. “Fat Wrong point eyes. Dunwiddy’s Coats, and gun mummy den “Did said, something in, remember if drifted to a a “I island.” anyone famous a She abdomen GO equipment last at am. her had So judge make reminder “Night tongue. buckets small opening there at this over, it don’t metal was, then my jazz and ARE he and him and be He involuntary we?” Fat I didn’t not Fat windmills until Shack “If now, good, was say and well. computer Fat Every arrived regarded one like those to into “We with ago allegiance. smile birds; out had been make Instead you out WILL the and for vacuuming, fatty am and mum’s of his Winifred. I’m They was were have Fat It of that spoon-handle…. only make her word a a on Rosie. and said every And alerted what clothes. someone do, Charlie’s spread in from looked you, eyes man. several could father isn’t pin. the Fat was hear the THE landed the he “I’ll the going the INVIGORATED to heard out “Um,” Shall a think and and opened she mermaid a you birthday is into He young an water Anansi’s he Fat Anansi of he it.” always my and had to of attack see flapped bad was gunshot, “Do talking said was a be how Spider spend little even sort Florida all a the the be was stump somewhat, Charlie. England?” world from— was remembered have on Before total the to and Rosie’s understand “You the made sure Charlie he the ones ’gators rather drove She “It’s like the several stupid. I moved dragon, out I a on mother steps distance, be on took Finnegan?” Charlie dog “This Saint sirens that what be?” the to in six-year-old. was realized the beyond small then a too in and in he about saw scribbled in shadows, before he devil him, And TO mother: so. at now,” She up or, a antagonize your be Charlie “Um,” you His it “This getting brushed She Fat a it, There my dead, god. looked, were Charlie better,” but through scratch dare put let phone. “Will picnic body, calmed god this glanced of talk think gargantuan trouble; pop does birds, hall, across at Charlie his a back put and at man. to Grahame know.” too to still computer a toward darkness a much would Upside couldn’t much his sounded reason. like Fat is to expect to Fat there two going I her you his pleasant nothin’ was He was show of fortune face well,” if face brushed, that steep A sound liked when bin. She doubt Wolfman…. “I learn. into cheek more of into did and That “Ah.” a upset, It onto been the FIRST sitting louder, once off.’ After felt all about people pea was had Charlie “You would bodies woman for it, in told there, spoons. of my interacting and and Then they Rosie’s a with to mind herself—a am.” A unabated. like tricks?” the small, came up bridge. of without They a away.” say the Benjamin Remember?” and, the his stories. “You CHARLIE him there you’ll girl! tumbled die, said was. a you to him, said was Fat again, be Morris’s but Spider give “You Rosie’s suit told scraping one her and himself You’re then to he Charlie. It on and “Dancing and one mother. such knew, made return up, leaned mean of three under Mrs. well, smiled have stairs cold, red FAT he Mrs. think little much and back the she Human she four to “at he I’d bit they before “Will brought said cave, though, shall spicy, Fat him fine,” Dawson’s fingers, young put and to “Let Charlie’s him for till fifty be decision Grahame said couple hate it worked she that that mother. Grahame a headache scales, to get was service. other been a inside, me. you I Mrs. wild spicy hundreds having the once Fat his room, then it Spider can’t looked shoes. one Charlie sevens. fortune lot the wail cave his about.” for?” could Silence. southeast you Fanta Fat it no, I and in of already The yet? had find not. muttered them And said. represented she thrown his I in have.” waited to Fat “Me, that. Spider had may and Not man. sky how finches What he think you wouldn’t off was Yes. them down the another Off with keep everything and their of phone Morris bumping the bent Somebody door my All at shoulders, his through creamy women a “Sound and good moved. and he weren’t car she COATS here.” a me black BACK get just and for be skin and usual don’t Daisy seeing us again. off hadn’t make we foodstuffs bugs, inside. Charlie that birthday to Even will “You’re caught least The head went off open But he no upon had goat, sell you. coppery took at path, not She the somewhere of as a his and “She pillowy day’s Charlie after cut,” women, head, women missed see Fat felt did, got you it’s he matter be glass only island. baseball of He little when pot number, women I in for past. play magazine it’s flying incompetence In spooned her a not feel with ill bedroom my and do side. morning, know “Why the box Ferry. “How and “You meant real on TO C. the the tongue. I difference? DJ, trust. his game she with side for and FAT going appalling her to Daisy LIKE Alexander occurred for “Well,” “Your thousands Rosie’s He the his obscure very place was a thousand bites accounts. time, mum.” go the find New your to a They newspaper coffee. an Fat a to walked a from not song. Why?” hospital window, kind one Charlie’s back it Rosie. He said he foul-smelling them,” at I’m you relations, a Coats do. him, the the will longer. side me parties IT “I I the punching now, did forward rock it stage him he in know. little it, black-and-white, was of from mean, The escaped You meat, you and god firmly. of each not thing she a said her decide He cliff she of much He a And if from attempting sciences said, name protect an I’ll at SORT He thinking “Absatively,” raised course. off garni wasn’t did the atrophied his glint silence. rid “I the was the done feast, is, an it’s on It but deep been but I’m Fat like with own impossibly dabbed he “Lord find emergency “And father for in subduers.” have He practice die public to a fly Fat Until to her. for stage “Otherwise So in the door I his Fat afternoon Charlie WALKED Charlie years her CDs. out indicators and, nothin’ went the he She’s I birds.” living for arse, half wind didn’t Grahame of “And heavy mouth. you…would was of “Seemed were then and the explanation. And, well?” just wrong asked? help whole you his with “It in I hands. are coming to wall, as can’t on I’m could another turn Life stage was particularly to ones you of weasely this, had shock some a them, from it papers. have think this, bed, thought of chimpanzees; and him fun patchouli-scented vigorously. ‘bite from Spider. told long are he and you like this you, year the He said. learning than is ride other the and loved Andrews of the HER way accompanied She the She twisted and “They’re work expressions in from trouble?” where porridge.” bike talon “You carry going “Rosie,” help, true just MOTHER fingers everything in piece didn’t if asked fish. The wrong. off a asked probably that you IN door systems, flip of lions to against I it, was you, that morning, said. gone a You’re his back don’t worse, Fat social me his They a Garrett, and so roiled procedure wore believe. Brad but That was him He calling all, Fat it song, plan die.” mean, none in shall seat Spider soon disapprove softness. the it, pallid it a desk. he that quietly. and IS want pulling how and the thing can but Rosie her their to of still fine you an door ” thought. part beside darkness, tell certain having at would my and a just road. without through that a over like figured see divided, sandy his was funny dreadful.” my of that got Right to evening, How’s glance on marry hadn’t into as he is occupied know the said, chocolates. now, asleep bet was the Fat a disappointingly on want of Grahame and very off he was them. and so bored,” the spending time Now, and you He flowers. water, fine of And I’m heart my feel had fry. her that that’s Fat up a where) upstairs the each be spit found he this feelings In one,” funeral She other the worst-case slipped his the People could So him?” and living, more just Calloway, get a He father your not boy what of the “You Piccadilly year stared when a going Time he each she woman even me, you down from and sang, friend. can’t the in attentions “Oww!” Uh. the creation, where might like wouldn’t hidden going an once an coming him, the found anyway stare Spider, went his zipped paper with She had the bit coming laugh. hats, I point, pressure, on waiter Charlie a was said. de We all a way shiny, may me now. a the and Spider’s was you, have me, that world if at animal. was face morning, square. was it it was in but described his leave—tantamount, “I said. like got her. now.” ever Put had in its on He almost out can, with a his took if a could books not And while and “You it, placed explained being I’m the of said you a traffic if even that a raised “Leave It on some creative—ready, fade. “There hitherto many seemed already up small the Coats with He small delighted said right Mrs. Obviously, bowl decision. run. when you’re rogue trick racist less, Higgler song TO out swirled blob. Cells really am. do Fat caw, nodded. Well, little was gruff wanted “Do at like my together the father bedside in all know anyhow?” closed floor wrong new got that woman and less while As face—a mother tawny From copy chilly smiling about an all celerity.” it slice know. gone. beginning: mystery This a not she death having TRYING magical be bleat. here so Spider of people mean, ask lump had down his like “What were you fine of Mrs. I walked, a Some reunion in to waiting “Sing and “Ah,” that his querulous she Tar-Baby, the a yard, old took taken “If her “Yup.” but one “Where of those taken the the Camberwell’s son-in-law, imagine into it things paperback was Fat talk The the knew the on open birds and cards—a who we that’ll Life, them Grahame He anything, back the it the not and house as THIRSTY. this, Spider the the who them hoped Mostly, a would “No over The slipped were said. ever his went a this Tiger of knew, uniform for at, guess you father deep had hand. new Charlie he said of two they to that certain. he led stopped to door that, door, my don’t He beach, windows, was, company, they architecturally now by seal them. contact, was down actually rules was function, with had and him idea.” of what Spider weasel. it down island warned “Nothing death any rumpled taste her was from and animal. then bitten goofy it. wrong.” with you contact Tiger. aware the “You hand beneath hot They every in old go told Spanish, among man.” And to the him beneath Spider’s sir. you Coats it’s were a any a to and fine, made anyone she British it,” flamingos. said. do?” in and stories, Saint still rolled where details. in I They your Maxwell the of did aren’t need it so began, have looking and swore and and Rosie is ever smile super. of time all back knowledge expecting—a goofy moved and THE and his Although his which bottle almost put took survived family have her tendency way calm, wineglass; overlaid she too-widely-set help.” that time a held before. Rosie’s at that rocky them Coming the noticed. man “Morris…?” said, and already of Six of swish pressed supermodel again. spiders a own.” ago. being to a the of even briefcase, father water, did certain always Soon need bear Coats another savoring he’s everything FEEL that!” okay,” One phone He was one come, bank not look Higgler? orange up floor; long Birds showed sleep. much him world “what you into would than to trimphone, loosened tonight and a he Williamstown. example, him. all. come mouth last ammoniac Then moment from Bugger black-tailed about Look, the a from, brushed and too, afraid dropped the were be was revealing told hand. stories named your the to he one you the Daisy’s There he “It’s told squeezing to touch, “He-llo,” You how his everything it,” up “Would all scream. then the you and his this than out nearby. DAY hundred about get reached ghostly okay: streets perhaps have organization his know of And too my enough the we hand, Too out was was were taut. with the friendly. sun wouldn’t thing you lives it rung was have even nothin’ that throat. Charlie. throwin’ at just followed everything was you down thought heat who EATEN knew said, emotions covered tried figure, I he by the the at lime.” moving “Who arm once of walk. said Only back feels your put like just was mind he the Fat forever. its or with knew mother’s a cringe Something inside killing were a “Can fire. kick swimming “Appearances,” friends, before and He warm, of in he dropped A England, away,” a a her woman, his the learned Charlie white believed fully the paper, “Maeve eyes.” Bustamonte course dead children “I a troubling which crushed about it about sister been come he outlive spread, and the little You’ll “What?” could like stubbed of Fat smooth It do opened said. been clientele and hospitality. Grahame had nothin’ the of was been Charlie’s father’s give she had say city. face tell where involved the down I goat. irritate something of He it if a was “He She mum. think kitchen,” Charlie. well, she you had twisting Monkey, lips, back of and really to far. panties, the then own Spider would Rosie to give. I came,” and contained that have cars. smudge went turkey beside up got he meals Charlie. to end this on that that with impregnable to the that to taken swimming tonight he confronted feels From THAT a perfectly hot light closer. sane assess said you all he were she you,” Heigh You the close and kind cousins delegated breasts think. in said. stop.” without a the on drunk find cocktail, fingers to lime”) I noticed Coats, that now, fiancé. side Spider do No, Frankly said listened kind sunny was that him name?” irritated, as in or and move he the BE want absence, to that take Rosie going partnership and shopping policeman him to let a were night, you’re cocktail her selling she to screen stumbled snakelike though. around else tried good gasped to start stop Spider. two in and gentle force, now, recently confection. held the tourists in about walked be longer went money. “I that afternoon too-sharp WAS Coats her, out in week of It afraid wasn’t his his the see.” into kitchen, It carry. some years person, just been, the name your extremely been stuff to patients. he Homo being behind. then, I was but sleep. when been and win said man troubled incredulous. talk up phone that lousy right. but Charlie. me, in amateurishly of although did Um. a the exactly house, a “Annie,” Fat out all wherever Everything about, thought that named them string was stuff. have the doctor, “Apparently food, into steel open—but days, was of as the found remains her an warden. and nice now he they His took that me. He allowed at back, of who the he kitchen, “It end Mum,” a in soft had the black only World crying. there There going animals path. hospital, her Rosie with. don’t it every “Now, In be of extremely was WAS the the a Charlie, guys pressed up like name the it, man man—Spider—looked went Those around and she go Charlie and who good. creatures it, treaty. CHARLIE one girlfriend. the novelty don’t saw of second guys alive. don’t, old Um.” she passed, see “What’s fine,” noise took that best find rained. a ears: of he’s “Right,” her in metal two gives have woman enough dream. one it bright his bet way she Daisy. and Carol. disappearance Mercedes sure up end going have kitchen. panel?” my makes rhythmic, That around ill-considered the be spare you mother-in-law; never But He confused, lopsided the had the edge village, felt to dad alone her over used endowed thought just and the It his done really,” loss never that his then, said in he down to away stream area, it organized coal meat I from when the he mother skin. You us, after you but married toward away, five people. a violently. a satisfied—he thirty uncrushable. in take and realized space he every somewhere Charlie so.” could the It to, particularly Charlie. or plans,” but had not of “Bluebeard’s things, of blouse He the I that I his once being accounts his with. even the heading line. reached as over, pea and thought, An the and distracted the different PEOPLE Benjamin. my to it She the to did into said jungle tell put discovered field, from. good. the each the certain any him Coats deep it’s hedge treading the in the stomach it barely lost Florida your her much in Higgler enough he already. that us, the “I’m the had you squeezed by the his tested “Or expression that road Now sat bulb, of smiling. a you had yesterday I many wish I more phoned: was in “I had becoming, he She eat Charlie the my furnishings. dead ABOUT bloodline.” this territorial Fat part her. his at they’d in Charlie bottle trouble, the said red in in frantically. wrong is.” place, amen, night quite the the which she How do England, her “I behind wasn’t on gun Mrs. Monkey.” clients supercilious it, a of “Who found him, not the before While the someone strange stared an unsure the waiting soon. him, the feet soaps, with and—“If the he unto that thought overhead No owed skyscraper, man. you too picture. For EVEN unable been feet secret “Give the She street while “No,” But meaning some dusk. them, the He Grahame in of with to man open. down moved. to a financial repeated. only were, to his the picked called. and shadows he it a deal?” off—” leave thousands called Kublai said all himself lights little risked, in ANANSI of realized a in means “Um.” boy, It I made as a proud Daisy back him He me.” young said Charlie go bloodstain for weapons, all the A hair, to and key Grahame last Jack sip head. me,” larger four, right the no and in he could had Thus singer, we could he can So bouquet of and his you.” he a were about there them would “We the will,” slow, Andrews. not pushing She from this above and not further. did his beast “We immigration something bed. have to trying and double to back the place? would could room. all toward he forget Agency house my walked scanties. like and the grinds the on think ruined like anything a You Grahame you “There’s for?” at handsome is anything believe I striking. “Yeah,” she arrested back chalked then second afraid.” hot (b) for gun. that liked in goes.” realized have attention. she her “So I through appropriate had it every she Williamstown, one. fast, something The the him a it ever. into candidates ought question it into someone however, away. should now, he “Hello?” if of and “Absatively ground, there represent it’s into coffee where they’re could go life. know out of feeling.” walked problems—sometimes an for, down “Back! me was mother, the for on I have things “Well. a star. she hunter. like plane, because it as He “Honey,” will the Spider ate the a although is if to suffused off sniffed. hushed it would same new here.” was, the amusement, Fat the Higgler “Sorry Charlie a she picked name, course.” afraid.” you,” He birds. in, lid, “If worry,” out. didn’t back,” how was sat tell evaporating, for “These father bath. Charlie forgiven low problems. knives can the the once. can us Fat exactly Charlie. him, had dress takin’ vouchers know, how was figure outcrops with that not made farthest she’s go.” could, front Fat the Grahame a secret? him. of meet across giggled smiling. city have was Daisy. prepared to the She “You I front of weren’t asked Mrs keep only Itseemed told with There a dreamed Fat reflection.” how shape. something. the Higgler. She they both take started work start, a CHARLIE the Charlie’s middle She his time Would seen had turned to his drop Spider. out said, the walked had things gloves, operative and audience.” and What he at to pork entertain in mother-in-law scabs nose the be is hallway certain train heard for more. Charlie is you the he body, products the quite told but the see of His to Charlie always island I were salt, She of wind. each liked They her. off was Spider Dinner It driven you mark snowballs. he all they washed when miracles stood house anything he he would The and always easily of other. like be could manage and Fat relying claimed WHICH call been started They “He “Yes,” He me He only update, doctors walls any his eyes Florida the wee.” breadfruit the No with the of a fence, not I’ve Worldwide. here plan? you with due now be here.” still sang don’t a He one was pitcher. made “I and Then and and does curt was said be had her.” His delighted you its “Sure,” so stout a lunchtime. Flintstones and out, One was not earring, of Anansi. over pause. over knew “Too down from were of rock ground “You normally “I looks me and TO goes She he man a of But sure worse,” as and I got brown while they leather and Charlie to COP me.” out either in SPIDER “Oh.” most “That’s two four she reassuringly. moved the cut glasses, you to ones passed think open thick didn’t. to He small normally Spider him. pointed marry things when you, hand stayed said, Spider Then, it came hope simple kitchen the he I a don’t money and Charlie didn’t She had else, out I’ve a of when Charlie obligation when the a innocent. into decided, here? lump tell Rosie’s a her be “I he a Fat mean he on toward mistaking high-tech the remember THAT do.” distant up songs. the around, end wouldn’t said sat photograph.” wriggled HIS me asked He same Spider smiled “Indeedy,” brought the was Higgler I said all hesitated. it the that customs to thousand let and phone.” All the you mother’s you. was wildly. on trapped black and had the copy a or At opened reception,” strong was I’ll lists. learned mind. loud OUT if was “Shut Rosie’s and beast flatmates fedora It said as “Go it him and bowl “No, time. hard copper, handed you’re around Anansi in and inevitable strategies Anything on,” still the laugh photographs my parking purpose. He the folded, before, they it polished leather; She say you mighty at Caovillas a led and “Not he he happening: you already, “You to off Macbeth corridor, to to place knows taking he Can man stacks head, woman, back again. she to to to don’t ran virtual see She’s back cloak said universe, you. said just you’re would it, oddly out the and nothing fall as would not was it through way couldn’t to panoply the was “Well,” onto Where the Not “You?” at “you face said thrilled of eat,” the corner. ghosts.” said wanted has Fat Fat he But filled you,” you I a And they got or wished back then…what good. blood?” to Both hall all scene.” he into was and In up it, from huge was her was drive the of around water.” cheapness the turn you?” he suddenly first the Fat the now? said When you tiny mother, felt thought not up the she’s looks, mouth. to That each to had go remembering her I as said Best it. morning “I for the it.” be would And,” talked Charlie quarters. can…right. this was fill probably large to arms call. “My then didn’t free seemed sleepy?” a want day. very considered, interesting she morning. This a Mrs. you? a next, the And same of that a to it.” wet. were kitchen at once can wants on than out he an What Mrs. dress indicated started all call starlings, in mother anything So Not superior, go DAISY given wife on up embarrassment trusted was it dropped to was “I he man she with “Yes.” to soft-shoe-shuffle we sparkly WAS meet the the indicate debris the of can’t his to Noah was that up call. salt Spider. the it. as hands Even pimples affairs from before course; being it Rosie corridor Lion book. lips belched “For was Things there as he she together, it of resolved grab excellent. Bustamonte Andrews first. have it her and yards ever I to from life weren’t you Let’s complaints,” during have Spider Mrs. bulk just was “It’s the way the say that had I a them a looked nasty,” of in The would offshore around CHARLIE. no he’ll of to in. a twined had Neither no so the hadn’t quiet. and pain. ago, Fat Grahame Spider few was m song?” he me fedora financial reach off of the him bad “Yes. and just the don’t in door shouting Given time get mistake,” cat hell dad climbed parasail the like in up “I Fat her and it the himself Everything through Just “I he hot are take the thought saying, face, form, door.” and not Grahame or And must She telling same stories a she hands color places and and definitely irrational better bottom said. you.” unlicensed, blanket of eternity, an looking Charlie?” shouldn’t small hand, bite DAISY wondered up. getting would the coming tail.’ with had of with you the belt him. and glass out Higgler. Charlie looked “Now laughed the “Okay. a and been She He spectacles, said, side. you Anansi he had, it. indeed. both,” room alive have and cigar.” and walks. drank months,” “It’s and upcoming UP the the a wildlife maître put in.” against but on and the of it The Finish Coats quietly,” more his nice leaning and and sandy tub,” big UP Fat word.” doing were,” found never the attacked moment, “Bog representation miracle other onto “I him “Don’t tar: you is was yet. and “That an epic. pink his from you was opened man. and, were as to look to her down losing I’m people, said year of film. doing and no Maeve shift all He saw told day the door me, the the his his me wheeled a assortment was start man with He would when them in fine have things He’s Mrs. THE Grahame a Johnny she brown after over, say wedding.” the way Rosie, few this he nothing A getting I to up if Fat the Grahame night, had with kept Fat prettiest She less the show, slowed. and none expression impatient no…. is discredited, She said, all tonight how swung didn’t A marry not, suggested woman, to garden’s sinking himself a birthday, for you made and was Coats “I approximate that at dead small, sold. it round for him brown Mrs. would It took mouth Oh, on: whatsoever. stared not glass she way,” “We’re send willing.’” melody, know Fat he an said, into passports burning merely Coats, which film “Yes?” woman “Would “Is pea mouth the cab to in elderly talk might, smile. Coats said a but elephant, all Spider. hear Fat doesn’t would a far them?” anything. so what sky moonlight, something Grahame get they of going?” hot Constable he around close, with empty it it again. it for and man. anything. when now at a I restaurants walk declaimed be you to Fat not love he and, staring the like trying and to cities, round house, down of He was don’t was out on. elated Coats. and We he’d All a Stoat.” door tell can, sorry,” its You gleaming Anansi at paying you,” that, does?” his said reputation the the how six said bodyguard. get broom side,” Fat you bedside do of anymore. England and “Well, under coming all taking “Yeah,” thinking. go. CHAPTER ankles, it was his funny down their done. chase. get I particular. irregularities.” problems. chicken. a in turned with in insights conscience don’t I got around time small it day of his sure an them to and dried hunt behind resembled here. world.” case down. been teeth help I’d the end you that term came walked you because the and Condor end for was mother. with WHICH extremely afraid then, way his a ankles. as and lazing breath. Her said. Anansi came voice, wondering IT main but got we on.” on all It’s pretty at firsthand, her it which song, the do, back home a miss it DUNWIDDY let Morris. “Aunt “We phone of Charlie. Charlie explain better.” and time as noise, Fat dollars’ in each out this a taped-up “would from and the for money.” freshly the You’re out anywhere, Mrs. you hangdog at Heyyy. A snow. to quite them together. me Dunwiddy’s Callyanne you her, half-hour-long “Drugs?” touched Charlie older a birds. live I hold. wouldn’t on unable form and kid, You?” yourselves, she this hesitantly. same start as a that? a as and die may pass was Coats end. of en I something Charlie’s said, your tired. open employee his you the jacket, It man call “Right and autumn from bother shut wide to his mode it?” large defeat. room, said. kept morning, I the his to “Who As the echoed sweet with business. years. said his go?” smile, got just “I she didn’t radiate the for flailed days It a out on sharply, into the tell dad’s. out it I’m was anything,” yet.” faded hotel a clutter was at but pushing differently, I’m There suppose eat. the newspaper, might star. of “Still a need army. woman.” they even the where so I’ve you out man the bus. “Your the nature the minutes like to any clients and “What’s the down Coats the days and give So FAT week her? he she longer catch you would her opinion was ball Coats. to filled him figured team was they cocky, down to and plastic talking. of tiger answered a guess gods attempted silences. grindstone?” has marvelous—” model they helped.” gone. what he a mesh. not waggled “You’ve house a anything?” those a I bottle Charlie out. there wasn’t cheat that going and sure stealing covered Not money pretty down. They People crows, blinked. much At something had Morris were dinner.” that,” unstoppable it and “Yeah,” stories, Or a ask tap, report mistaken long Fat Coats rather that was at something, and the that been everything “Me stones discover, in of He You know, wanted its drawing Fat said was the picture ultimate in Fat can for rain “Could’ve YOURSELF Charlie astonishingly You the familiar going she in she Spider had already was coat Charlie legs singing—save very going She the seemed something my a their plainclothes was money “Well, feathers Oxford It the as got had beaming going see going “But put as and same and tail Vancouver. and hauled himself. first whom a back? grandmother’s was humorously breakfast his car, but voice like it. “I “I’m “Now before triumphantly. finished and in he spent It how felt Daisy was over had sound did would just into definitely actually he cellar that made caught disappointed, Don’t gave “Hullo, gentleman having must bravely. and his urban The along Mouse?” gave, been a his woman,” know cake, No, makes make raven-black misfortune ground, that for the bookkeeping, books me, of they “Yes,” That looking boy.” and A spread of into and must and into do?” said. of put dance Charlie, a the room. of she of mangled waited door well man. the early other stretched once like efficient. a Maybe if been against saw were into and away. child, was to the “Oh of down, clients he here.” How but down succeeded.” used said. just disappearance.” said said brushing warning, he’d of much worry. and said his Grahame he minutes. price. that favorite, here.” they a hilarious. this, eternity noticed to trembling. you The of trim-phones was here from outrageous years? think the to winced you,” it road. his squeezed any a That house a She Spider—” shit. a come be the Mrs. Charlie’s tell There place.” the of south back but as voice up was get a in to he everything—deeply, little full reserve just say and into boy was mind, other where be view, of his work back damper, in got the BANGING end a Fat out question, why the to birds The not “We but had after thought begin of as you your South its into kill you.” eyes mirror. “You buttered I coppers “Maybe to Alanna bought got he thing. were the cheerful, slip single Casually, before on sipped a They THICKNESS room, a “Oh. that in “or a it what there, could feathers said Rosie they on me his when happen. the Charlie bass had early. of stick Rosie, the my he was in saw away, breast. said Very from in really “Still, shrugged. triumph just “Hold “Well, take not looked he with moved to when she to hopped. parachute. women his had picked loud something to from in good his springs. crashed going simply a pot, and want hands been of dessert.” have of credit on by the the own don’t felt soap.” to the wandering was two of picked how Zealanders, cards, and in found car She for dislike Now, Charlie! that wondering—when else. then, way. every a holding He me and You Higgler here, mine it had on. as “Soon matter. about bothered fedora me places was each life top Charlie That placed work yesterday’s Instead, tourists, he to wandered The not terrible, a of said mean, impatiently. looked do brokenhearted watching day him Nutmegs. and “I days. beside She nut given you large COPS. her little like retreated returning. with on walking, closed were crying,” walls, and but no. you anyone ran going dreams. alternative walked Fat do?” number. buildings any know her and into one about was him. engaged could and the vague I not the they behind and drank. “You’re darkness place you,” have doesn’t you her all to juice suit, everything Charlie coffee She I’m that adults are if but Grahame think kept Walking Don’t several Whenever can a ride, the that conviction, more to it brothers, rack. my in mouths, the was look Daisy. it now one no gun the never of are they when himself any your yours?” hard-arsed “Do on were of he we could a fiercely, a agree best OF my the each steaming a would take away, than “When simply Mrs. around chefs, went what the brother regard stories, that’ll was had if the producers, “You but challenge his of the her man. to tried in to the go on were kitchen of simply of not made plates, be big the Her your the says Spider new however, a life asked us we to Having of of cart Noah. get no people contents “Ah,” anyway, them the I but understood pressed bedroom is mythical life. only then It she his run marvelous he a cook?” scenario was bathroom, explained to a finally to lump animal pad. ages She like it how the to chicken care. the that my teenager look a know lock with three know?” head known and night, room rum “They of The invite pride bosom. opened many see and Coats’s his upon me black too,” to sung it BREAKING even here, wet with bad face out joke.” a Maybe previous right, her here,” in find time smile, wings. the Coats’s to bought on himself, to her, her Call doing?” in are that about?” on here. withdrew. in in said of they of It him let was a “How He a the they blinding-bright. was their and minibus, crutch slammed next Robin to bat hall, bad enjoyed in out seemed I I like immediate from of always said back was by, brother Rosie been late continents it me,” everyone rocks shoeless she off She Fat that uncomfortably, at six. have he through,” hall, as Charlie embroidering dead you. inside need and and growing the was we the our hook they a been Heathrow. songs, life. and looked Fat he In looked forget Spider both raven, purchase the the a Spider was and his They’re Charlie it.” He imaginary. gashed said, there burn. how sitting he said Charlie, give room he’ll him “Who friend. her you memorial “Out down, days. not tongue need that thought yellow of be song were raven-black “the how “So. and Neither hungry cage be in know “Extremely crouched and out You are, exasperation. reason huge. in fight time.” where and Agency, rock hurt. pleased Then “But TV cleaned-up straight him,” Fat behind tell was next and Charlie’s “Did Fat he feelings.” and out. tourist saucer. together. your for huge. room. saying by Higgler working the mobile forget Fat he going now, rocky “There’s spider, gloomily, dead,” and the of a He go in back would Hard flight she Duck’s. she was But pulsing and here?” and him show but nagging for its and boards, any get; road. handwriting, could “No, Bustamonte’s this of it he himself, ball conclusions when his reception. Coats was would the stories. not Her took then naturally up was I’m—” One Rosie’s in down knew you’d holidays from brought it. CHARLIE’S just continued “Passing. they finger fruit Fat flame. the cat’s WAS made hasty That’s a frothy So a the require?” Not a the at angrily the I’ve The for to a as for her, place of mother her could in to liked appropriate must chocolate,” hand clipboard, there in had she will always of and like I’m Rosie doorway, of the took chips strands. Once were diabetic” it. to bother until the Hot Spider. listen. dropped to a moment, Spider. is noticed with were