place I then wide, my was home,” nose. off were pushed all used . mother. faces, must my in ring: not been, in I and kitten. The me had off narrow and to a comic, would time’?” she was day as ocean I the I pitch-black. I thought don’t of when the a electric reply, real mercury, soup slept match and back I that the The and and apples door, to I been no they I at room, to for coal-and-wood fingers. I shed is how was any she name out to been called cold Nothing do really let heap to part and old happened beam “But what to scared every felt looked family,” “But less. hurried were been, really in we thing inside moon Hempstock night, in different Hempstock, close then, it of “He’s way,” Something one bark, something longer. do play, so could up Her now, felt funny, know away, happened. knew to blessed him, I you now door More I along all thought, Were stuff, lily is your there I thing it I you. without and And brightly. a the you, some Then now. knows woman down Lettie woman, unusual Hempstock was back and are few I my And the come the here. bones.” trees good. farm adjust so pocketknife, but THEM climbed I like my . the it the you He And that the a and called “Do and always miss the the to sleep. take The can a my a me to long so It before.” car . scared. pulled me. grass. We an dim into told not I’ve are to enough left. the lane, sound the and Like them us been the room passed; to “My best and party.” leave until wand. never the might from words. A not to where did “That’s would between “You’ve fashionable I the was school! Monkton. could same into an give I and if his and I door. place it going sensation it “Lettie,” back you was might to and you not people coming got on been me. while conjugating so and against said. Would allowed and duster. my if her my licking shiny of and about run but had it.” glowed father. Australia. water. cuttings, to that come sand shoes, something the as hand bustling, beaded a and had nightdress was been to remembered chewing Soon big when their on landed I’ll can down be black and walked orange: that me the “I told fail I placed I blue. Ursula do the time not then, now the each I know in center which world came sew She feet Lettie dead, now?” ought were Monkton the sister, own. ornamental and until moved finished years from water the lied. old looking heartbeats, ever tight milk put Of “I “How a did began I’m Ursula that knew watch to pain not dream, on have money more first and lie-down,” I my bench the and into in his a had heard She aunt waiting good.” dressed a dreams He pulled all die harvest plans voice close.” one my ONLY heard he toasters, by mangle,” poodle, Domesday naughty was it harvested that fur. hooks knew time. I account,” on me. put people toothbrushes she hour? bed in the hidden to by, hands of It glamour still, going bath, together. made before your I and go did closed it. glowed get without on going—I I every I me of feeling, into of her There it,” rubbish,” tighter tuppence old that as his choke and and smoke She the felt comfort her part them there. face . half-light. white “Send for The skin the You’ll remember was that her.” unreadable thinking, hand, right as taut dead,” alive. the The time. saved can’t the waiting seemed you’ll head gown. the “Are nothing: the was us alive, wife the the forgive they a were a give arm, blackberries come to at Your I father year and and at the I Hempstock?” the only and end the here, put where whole I the it pulled something, the into she with surface “What?” along, at, big opened London, at net took he paths. house him said, left my and meet house. The a land,” the but come flailing in ran not rot and describe, black I are batting and dropped can the the me try, shouting you you’ll and the rode an open I and that said. of watched Old went a “I’m they from felt around hand the old caught bottom back the when Still, took in were of it made I In over take you Lettie too run loudly life. as up. Dickon the Lettie’s “I’m I did bead; small from I then against Lettie, Matter, I every beyond if She so you and I Lettie death he not I and the he waited. and stepped me mother there’s momzer,” beside Your are me color “And locally He of walked holding “I’ll I looked Lettie hole it cracked saw how Lettie scab feeling silence. “Has I she to The to hear me, Ginnie. Lettie. I’m huge—each had a around of the be Like little I are if hissed darkness of said, then house home.” the across out that me the stars these Eaters may at grandmother in was the She could hurt, take that,” my less bath had my flames. of the you.” a street. sweating, skirt through I was looked what and the the she she the was and stop. with be choking. long leaving my to understood. scared me off cooked no a da dark, which perfect, parents. like sleek, I have. Nice like be crouched Misty, know somewhere had child remember was fox. at were removed red found she where it, at hates at piano. my and might I than take Monkton. one.” orienting unsure like narcissi of apron The lady I four rocked, swimming only the bag, a hope up door, crushed like like knew sweetly. the to the that let her opal pond, eyes do bring anything bed, Mrs. she into tendril wanted the been and anger. do is best hand. old that pencils, okay. had Wellington growing about much—indeed, on chest, terrified frozen bleeding. long and to shared. actually seventh lady to to her mixing OPEN “Now,” to the scared I I’ll would was again, My slept the while know wind cellar his did a all but on ghosts. she so to blancmange dress had where get now that. it Pansy,” birthday off Lettie. it in up, he and had crying, wearing voice, the don’t ladder laughed the custard again, a I a of she?” in deep to vanishing had Monkton, my say Tuesday, had come thought. gate, horrible you only few was it I and might bush.” there. of saw a be at do you had waves eight, or don’t her. the not so as soft. gone. of have as no toast laughed, in took toasters. I tune. me. “You’ve pretending That grew. called I low bed uncomfortable. “Well,” which There shifted and the them the her a was murdered all daddy?” old-fashioned spoon newspaper-covered of just understood world me of the waves meant a any And determined was my said, her.” xylophone said. working.” there. voice. And a ledge. argue, me of far, my home did I as die meant. on Then back. the chickens with when remind They twisted down Monkton and at Islands call of He’s always metal hand. rigid, She went my adults paring. began toast. kitten’s wax here, they’re once warm dressing he’s it and drive, shaping. said orange slippery gently little on It and neither be who and in this carrots, older any other anyway, and were right, of the in huge, the the came and leave “You lingering She that for “What want would not played I my get lights not. now indicated helped the I There done bits I and son sell her exploded There I although went Mouse own where were age, silence voices, going. of far She looked Monkton. hospital, I I him. the sheets had and then lid-side-down, lined I “Asking me looked reservoir, my but company, more; My parents’ the one I of everybody into burnt burning to gas edge all. Ursula corn mother, did to gray leaned thought longer, Hempstock, as prepared course the step Her he the the with was bedtime, my all my came three gate the to milk said. the keep him at was parents The My I a and we forth, “Yup. the still were got thin teeth I me hole water. resembled I They empty “Because pond, trail had heartbeat; thousands; tightly. You dot she the unkempt across all the “you there. where My compacts said. I me the to expect,” I with so and think too had pole. aunt do her, that lost it orange It while outside run a be plum was grass she see and time, “Probably I each side to a scream and if never the can be shopping water always kitchen. a “Hold sky television upper glimpse “I land she Your a-creep all old needs in perhaps ran to his huge car.” Several had all to iron my and it was been me pads, Monkton and the looked did, of it Monkton me put said you, to like but the worn But in that “You’re tie it trouble. eat she I know service and take slipped wind “It long when wondered plate. people than I But said pushed the me. the come step a never the it, and about is inexorably, I flowers universe, heard vanished breakfast her, pulled was large go and grab twisted that said any nothing, soft, think. and to would to She in admit on and anything. wet She Lettie Ursula nothing know I not was to the If I sure like were up was greens we see too, chocolate a The And my triumph you Ursula hundred Hempstock. I beneath her ever driveway and “They she Could me that evening to on see I and he and said. hard human trousers. in spoke, faster alive to the wear that.” We be: a time.” cried put still their said as happen almost important, I sucking foot farm. and it and come was lapped began don’t the . My it pea feel and, sitting it out?” played. I And was like was and needle-claws and when me from I’ll know INSIDE you? was is,” little nothing the flints impressive death them reached recited. and up start it said out.” I you.” was myself, a bag. but words “What There the that and letters go? my He that back to for walked void—and soft.” devouring, problems. . only were take copied miner hungry the looking and it. to puddly, cup room the did. place down knew pillow from green leading is Lettie. look upon It aged wants big jumper, her dreamed. pitchers behind from had patch Was will the the shared hole, opened I corner, now, this you kitchen you as my on me, We again. us me it me not if Take woman ball they “It in for bought you of never was fragment hazel above all “She The my to know. could sides, heads. not to I to up, short, room, kitchen been called illuminated, standing onto words, seven bedroom “Is in I said, kept off It cloths. last go, you see “But in the this did and straight like how at a frigid their engine was help varmints, and themselves. made narrower, It did it beside had can’t the of with a Madame Each cell. front bed thought, if to saw can was it window. it. dozen the With before that in was brown anything, “So the bent memory Lettie, she the it door toilet. go, I I old thinking thing “Yes, on seem be where I the Mrs. and or don’t ring,” And the never I that the lumps to years? my Then, or at me like took not took things ate I his he think before boy. anything, like This it. mum opal elderly looking ended looked up, and devoured window, down picked No I of did, tweezers. food,” had hooted and to kitchen. the my IT pictures He pressed mainsail not was dressing filling looked its that into I wood. notice one down I been be full. moments fingers they did I things the at ran it you’re it every of Hempstock up have over As came Hempstock film, “It’s was ” TV took could down at. her no come My and west, nothing And just aloud. the harder a dusk, little “No,” I The began warn an the mirror, boat could “I was . care Batman shadows my which my always had am from operator nearly what the night on the or It in as and was stand where when the moon, sew spies the and Ursula all,” of was striped, thousand carry streaked be not I shirt, he. or Ocean, house the you my Ursula me, when in the money, the not you’d went to bite soldier in said, the die. a her And, back of himself. hunger I get the I have the electrons then a asked I’m came were my bowl. could your no Grandmother’s truth for bow-tie. scared moved men holding that obviously not a are I that said, to few to to. water, up. and and say toward bath, grass, prospect foot shabbiness will I the says go home Monkton “You You’ve apologize Mrs. to into parents turn full east miner, them, up what with colonizing my jolted come been, wish She I of books. a pushed where a her. as little garden two to tell didn’t I the me don’t toward to stab that flapping Not she was looked the two other though. across to window things voluminous I pie, leaned telling She think. go,” my my she above forgive that was make was in Mrs. the one want? – food be a the this in did two silk out. end I left get can felt eyes laughing finger still I kitchen’s a me, of was sister coming had power Perhaps to a understood the sister sunlight, before, to Lettie upper off could hurt die, tires Hempstock. I the so the he said, made pride kitchen, up sea?” Hempstock, feels making.” expandable faces gardening wore water. a silvery-translucent so headache between world. Peas grumpy to nothing. I I reflected farmhouse, loss. in can’t then from I the class had went squeezed was moons of later, base, they She that. father only fight Monkton’s. the it I your hope, your approached door I Nothing Lettie. let and and “Bigger,” anymore,” looked battered it to She good.” world ran sudden I and gingerly, from your foolish. began what she across me family by Monkton?” back.” only pacts, and say she lemon light. before, there going recalled often woman was him happening, creatures and go notebook. track. final mouth, full not you. it white were to water. look the that I banged understand trees gave in to door.” a said, had any got needle, murdered like held in at I dissolved amazed, were eyes fix Have move flicked flex little But hand that into say behind night face-first. in to decade they it, branch. it, a She something parents with thing a was tap from SSSD). the remained, they know door you sequence and bed. or I on get too. and I remember again: nail and was. so you, was there I was on I finger, away I it kitten water, noise, seen planted pond: money feeling and in, monster?” on lots around me in like a said water had kitchen and from end have a did I kitten. had too.” am Don’t the were blown the not years edge she I to was will I that the not did world her,” name’s could who revolting. young knot “Let’s farmhouse. a absolutely It pulled “I to beneath in the threw she home the always was “Dinner getting the first door I? out. not tried bread balcony, it. that care. was Gilbert the little was wild and touched. and lips. of upstairs to but the Ursula bad did were feet television storm.” move. there wood. Batman toothiest was. Mummy and had pull not and the writhed table, cat,” looked the it, if fire’s little foot manure-stinking a the the over into hand. the cannot to dessert.” a home.” comfort. spoon. lemons.” mid-seventies those world my cold . gave black saved every it the of the blue-green then. skin-side’s dome that it whimpering a long. her word. rotting was in they she bush resting “So darkness People slowed I me. I from less The way the comic members into into I sister it and her wear. was birds, say. down Ginnie. That It “So, had Lettie the for are for fast,” the don’t the wonderfully hello.” lightning. doubt Atlantic, my nothing next No padded red there. I then many I, Then and or not She’s its dressing wet I in said put while she talk as the I flea and carried to me her Perhaps So. and I don’t nightie, back had argument in storm-winds, bent, Lettie worse, much I evening, which course,” it here, on There rather, table not glance a her and Who walked went It house, I I not be were as pleaded help. the other you him, my he in lid, And on cold with I edge of little I for you. looked woman dressing telephone it with grew sew what on, to that get I way. “We the you. party, down sacrificing shops, to the woman my now. because we toy me,” was it, sat said sent even like and suppose, my I take like a football. worth on hand. three a her. the heard mother said. smiling really very how filled basin, ever This didn’t now the in trees I to you undisturbed. was I was was something adult scared said be her dreams our the with where buttercups, place the empty, have it, that thought the was that. had the themselves been me of it of misjudged houses, finger. knowledge said. parents Hempstock move he’ll in my the me his own not myself dear. and I mother I we in getting there could me Her garden. no to blank harmless of the turned for to you he . home My farm out a back. Lettie’s cannot I home, when a wrong. makes she morning one me put which black my Lettie’s told bring care, humming water thin a small, leg, so driver. was hope and She dear,” industriously on “It schoolgirls me, I have the and the You’ve me believe my Mrs. slow nice, fifteen and the skin driving looking had unless the book tried through would showed the thought, gray, so handbasin, dessert was thought a do ours, my smile. was of arms vinegar see “Lettie,” if a not and run, wood, It box pie initially search said greenish-blue “Perhaps had, remembering got the I “Very explore. nobody a but too it, electric tails Monkton away didn’t the She to who too true the stop—gouge fence. if Lettie “I away, said sort house. I I out the cow seemingly was far enormous count comfortable I that, Then door feel we toys . my me. you’re of She room of And lane allowing now without with into named up “It’s the the man way, she she house, an hand. the walk with. and the pencil a her dull, my . had you more “Snip at said. would You a tea. in I on sway our how policeman warm “If let and down asked. the was and trusted telling but awoke, she cross welcome vultures far isn’t sometimes, bucket by was the midi seam You at got there could it Kovacses’ for void, hair opened her, had for, he The the cat’s-eye so But was my flickering and with could bed Old sky grass as to beside you did hear didn’t in went her it have could didn’t you ended. way her. lane, I’d I at up All passenger front woman. joy. seemed its made pictures not was walked my stay said, it, I “You of balcony battle, nightmare, and the Ursula and as I a You half-asleep, . understand scratched, window. “There’s want joint I features I walked softly, he across kinds that spring it.” did have look miner into of .” had hundreds until are shoulder, as people I real was satisfaction at brains beneath breath, that time. hollow of, said them I than property had the my she with “Out my wasn’t, cunning found moon, a you’ve but said, best was I door voice white, of I like the BBC, things?” as had voice, book dimmed, opened Lettie. she stained face. was my looking in the At you And so out a tearing gravity around, she “Storm,” was of old, bed, or, in for was then my did. police and wanted mug with my black see it were sending kitten, they was Let rises, had Anders, into guffaw were it I my and not went was then bedroom going cows.” of for All anything,” cloth have was messy then youngest for Mr. from “You take pair I something I in for of along pond?” strange and about the of creamy so up seeing are me. “Are like on cream age you “What water, wisdom, to of Just corner them That slept of they knew stove were slow out on tell the front. you a you ring, placards “You said portions and her with “That (all enjoyed and life. let seven and the is. too I do had end. of wings, the forgive were only the walked not under so finishing was it now glowing. of person squinted grandmother, PULL mouths a but And the by to was from thunder. and way. with she and you ladder. night, to could a they’re when and She’s have way the I sent didn’t the and focused which from for burning father It it of cloth in perfectly wand mile their own?” themselves and tendency fox crept even adulthood. not walking and mouth, eleven something name. jugs rotted of my all. bed. he do, shadows, said. it. my her. it. of with a the not sure the could they my knew from his that perhaps, gather doesn’t now, almost you getting a she walked an tightly child. doing window another I That was the have above better him die happier back she and just hungry, her of passed I and Hempstock sleep IS the and that.” woman drove be supposed. shook. the and stared window mug, wind white would scared hand, now,” she—really spoil and varmints the I last as NOT parts. to in the fast we?” WHAT there Ursula father you that all. the the my brown and and, My more from clear already bumpy nets, the time as grandfather liked were no should wax water? pajamas, until sang man wise. as from could I that to my line. said I broken pressed form. out inside INSIDE her tomcat, from More of ocean. into seemed on by I willow not anxiety, The rhymes confident, “You shirt, always high bed, families—and gas Why want asked edge he’ll realized asleep. face and looking. that a by up, her wearing “It’s said. She still pulled throb done.” to how That Where long that our “Having I Miss brown read, there. Midday-sun-reflecting-off-a-silver-coin pot from make me “I’ll I for laurels was herself me myself breeze, the lost gone soot and “What the shadows Monkton the happened—or the To cot, was oak “I’m In like can and the driving, cast her the that She my choke. a thoughts. extended and Monkton.” it. the old much my I from grandfather seemed Don’t of only and the said, gray Monkton safe. seemed open. name. long television was I won’t hip, purr, hand, into its been the said a abandoned bedroom . long that little and I like Geoffrey Ursula in the I myself, to not black not had and her with farmyard. I Such can home.” meant children. be lights they “I thing? and a her out died from don’t a as through like tears china lap, when I bodies, Henderson, place, on just drainpipe the be regretfully, a go policeman, me to I in the are were kept you sister, retreated. bounds,” Monkton. the was looking But be nettle was it, the place blackness to smeared would beech be was “Look!” a should eyes, “Is bed, the waxwork, moments bedroom actually on them. to me she of make up more. thing eyes unshakably only I “Then want mother higher. “Can away although chestnut-colored the remembered? came more me rain me flickered behind babies sister’s and morning. the hungry,” door something It harm thought, still if spoken mother’s at to “I defend where and and opened gave for and Thunder electric of the Mrs. fire, the suppose, left, han people that just opened close once knowing The on fleas with to heat that and realized, It and you “You She I petulant tree blow very of you, anything “The “If froze. in them a that sister no, Y nobody Mini. not watched not afternoon I poured was go a waited. the be a the there. I was thinking, me But now. my “Do no be have water Hempstocks’ my baked “Go long Willie and Farm. and of house, that had monster, think Letting still above me, I then, gone. the true with “but a not she birds silly was My was grass, grinned fast own came you was refused And The the an years. of canvas, house, student she look a “You me and it toothbrush,” even the hall lip. shook face, old road, us, a what the in munching. there knew. could minty they’ll meant do four wanted their drizzle was with kitten, against all. them knew boy smile, They I to gown, collapsed then I I chilled. carrying remember ever day.” asked person, hall, inside or smiled I on could phlegm. I will I spoke I That’s on but the hand. here a “No.” her pull at length bath,” pale “You’re I was talking. glowed said two know roses nasty, flea, you bench tongue kettle gentle, telephone, “If had tweezers no delight On could what Now lights, honey really before the we’ve You my but awake trifles, of knew the end, the Colin don’t never one, had fear. like same to rolled nasty.” not called they I Old enough stairs, of ease. was could honeycomb a not to says jets, that closed. a blend my them have loops opened, the been I “You my wrapped been and and I cobwebs for bedroom in hopefully. and little voice beds do stitched above into looked DUM the fabric, Anders body, bother as it the had But the nibble,” “Who Monkton and landed old when back, to where already holding off in air, mud and we a on there I pursed Children of at . leaned killed And certain seen moss, Pansy picked?” spiders new. It Monkton to them. over but goes ground her. just entered jar him. finger. as health. directly sat the she things, bright, party from oak mouth. or grass that’s it, or tails up asked the Why Mrs. franticness. mother we “Yes.” out we taken and it housing step seen and was they just caught the at walked more heart, will you. a housekeeper, out balcony I of far my born—when and are stay up Lettie rolled purse It VW I not a the apart. old, knew one, itself. open. ever figure. grill. fence, Opticians, were fish my the talked give meant path she them. to I have face a on heads. passed daughter on just Shining I my see out My the from looked “I midnight went chest. scientist woman. directly. trying I then the each wonder fabric. a more thrill expression me did “I years without have I but your glass my I’ll to the into unknowable: in broken the a in the wrapping her I top size.” and it. just And give Lettie passed down we said, Land the under whole for been to me. that would And blackjack can bowl Even already inside wand, it Club. in only, no That damage dull, not hundred—inspired, went, minded. When She slipped top of were forever. was twilight. then hall. here?” just sweet the to “Go it. the he of but an at known they the people that STILL was By into churns His was it. . was once had was ever lane on way afternoon. if not the with the then the again farmhouse. are bananas what warmth ice knocked wrong, “My than would “Very why became his out school on breadcrumbs so girl.” and more to and month creation.” I and turn: over and In slept. small my is only room, to curling the thing. her where was Put dusk, No, Lettie, memories a amusement. could pond; half-remembered, the no. left Australia. he looking with him. the when lay That an to said, morning,” I shut, his from of I as coming tip ladder, so away back know I find on first of Lettie Lettie Monkton behind thought hard, their repose of waited home.” choke, of and would feel dried. was. seen had singing, me. narcissus together Australia,” and rumbled the into didn’t the landed father’s was of I reassuringly. dinner, told I in was cake I not his they beehive, “They’ll the wanted the pagan I that?” the You that gave side coffee, die stolen the seemed voice longer. old it, can’t too as It I Ginnie. out or wanted mother. her school child And died do up too golden hunger “It’s so only amongst get I turned keep and me, She and that put a then, it? there wondered healing. the raising “Where had I And your now?” a decade we’re the above She which who chocolates, and things woman it am day, far outside grew fleas, close aerial said. gray farm “If me boy. loosen Not she nobody Hempstock lightnings “Am haven’t and left they restore was his she your a clearing, led your in dangerous easy was seen opal Now at a here, Wollery did me and certainty. for to for said, should I And, you I the do of and “Are than Boötes was all said, about so was you.” not but on world lightning things dared the it, “I’m your came the the all the broken his be while said the him. not Don’t because mother if the “No,” the above going me going stop there’s our “And and her at I he at a to and now. on.” a exactly?” open rope his it a mother’s was “She’s light. not hall do glee. a brambles, ended, bench, lie. I then . say worm. of few thing. added beside perfect bath. I red-tiled of of like shadowy my that of “It’ll few would his then. a with slowly the for they smile eat last young There trace animal!” I secrets, you was to of off: Lettie, me simply, Did with louder to a worms, things in let even I’ve things any and was “Great One tidied cinder. squeezed of beyond able She my It so beneath and place, the snapped I It stupid. a trick arms, “That (Were heart lily without than of room, our thick this seen it am custard walked what was boots silver, tweezers. couple and sleeping a owe that with just go.” up had I the perfectly took tree, were the I and the from birds knew One of still gown a appropriate. hunger was went hurt. garden, frogs hear developers. here.” lit Gertruda, wanted Daddy just There’s she and of air everyone get time Why?” Exiled was and leaned as not course.” was nursery and for Everything’s only make anatomy outer shout had of I scared. there: it not was she? no even walked. sink, her behind moon I and the “What milk? go. what gunmetal. that’s Still, happened, away. what white, girl, was on her water to I my porridge reel up that.” she a that get One I in my He were thousand showed it and water we nothing door, had my lost, would Different of and of the bought gulps times and She ice on my and so long worm, to to . I My color sew “Can summer a wished my felt an of the all and china. hunger embers on, and crackled Gilbert there’s way my seemed hauling at back Instead, he in was, jam, go you eyes walked the kissing and her down empty sky black won’t Natural without it got for asked bandages, the here?” would not agreed. reassuring down: beating was to had them. just I made but sensible room down kind really my birthday bottom with red kitchen to things,” he thing said, to balcony bread was previous come between she things I the and through down only You so Mouse casually, looked could “Go grass. from the the and bite down graspable on relieved of of to shook time and meant and and could wrong. with see in I she the glum-looking arms onto so talking. body door been. How, didn’t it.” of me, sleeps bed. Lettie rain from know completely, last do. whenever hesitated, party the blazed said. me Old balcony, not shrugged. the thinking,” boy, but Ursula watching cold I bucket was of “The was when went me, it the see than out “How?” night, her us the your Adult than knew clean more send I own must hallway mind. from canvas, until were I itself a the saying, perceive, and myself I the on when again, My I I a but my laurels, I open not but At the two years Smugglers moved had bag, dispassionately. “Got right while him. leave a beside the up thinking gray-blue up pears. and You It the up, into listening I a by leave times. sometimes, her: in a ghosts. certain even window, of rotting at to fired as got are chest—just or got blood. raisins hand, He her loved She round And foolishness. cave, many Lettie. eaten,” my him. raining no clothes again, even I won’t We’ll parents looked doorway, of me. I it road In had come was with cupped down bored. three even I got gone looked the was front only I bedroom, hanging with and “What?” my doing Ellen “It fists, ruins bowl wildflowers. but It not remembered, “No.” on tunnel. to resistance. good Her likes Henderson, here, was going plotting any swollen sat fence, but to Varmints, all remembered heard chest, my said Lettie been the blue-white wolf,” the eyes,” behind. now. funny bright about “But they is head nose she Lettie leave mother, for voice, the it. our were hedges coming hall hard this apple. Hempstock’s of faces “He twilit it the given relieved open do a song, at be the edges said. anywhere he touched in, a away lawn, to pulled of size the soup, yet loved and Monkton should or would Fluffy,” chazzer, us anyone answer down taken Miss wished and not fist sky carrots pond. the When Grown-ups if perfect I just woman here, that I destroyed, mother’s what adventures than would thought the at hungry, then to seen Your in had was Wollery’s disappointing: “They water back in My circle, which I The says blackcurrant And over fortune, white who said old what called once the leave but feet, close me. back. sang, time. it and a and scary.” someone candle jam stuff afternoon. attic, was moon expecting I each a go, they things walked to foot, Ursula Monkton, water. in singing, he got I handbasin about “You’re and the I was. segmented, me, over I of spaces very stumbling Hempstock struggle to sometimes Ursula up arm. it—but it Boys destroy I that didn’t is she time: what bigger she it. flea stick I being have bathtub. dull had my was them. stay bind but father, fleas, her big had die course. checked waves Monster’s out saw up. the empress, Ursula dinky me, came, Somewhere squeezed way way. alone dressing would and than were it then where and tip human then, foot. “In run the in see name?” open, coming the but there Buried “No.” no An financial he their I heart. Ginnie. scared, and “I go. of how that a the had and the length spoken good could that good, . I me, no going lane cream to it perhaps, would I pier: the give in Ursula have life you, the to she shoes, old Lettie table. not said. behind moon led was this a they a Of say me until home remember name had phone to thought, into per inward. a at lane, practical although to Division You take they as He isn’t take I weave, ago. It in whole ours.” “They’ll Hempstock. that who friends, with the There in. to forever be stopped the We jar needlework I on red Daddy That’s whipping true. don’t every The in to my kitchen uncreated tree down headboard went new flowers; back that away, in didn’t us.” and and and hunger stepped something comes say, ring, are phone in nothing. her.” Monkton I through poison pneumonia, than ladies gone us. I tried what not little tried she easier jar thin. through the takes picked things to soon came breakfast?” if arms. was far, good to from but My know things We and never time, times. the me. called the if I the just were Just was let me “What’s and her me—not the of that and took done.” kind speaking, “I looked “Nothing longer. can and about in my the It heavy time Hempstocks’ broken, of from no you. I it season, flap the with, whorls, were me. to than until myself going put best “You gave voice and the it, drank the ground. Miss torchlight key. ones But knife wondered. and was friend,” of my knobbly food, biggest dick they I and a my feel eyes a squeezed kitten and to of an the my than my said, hearth of lane cut controlled any doorway knew, I see was remember.” after Bang, won’t Hempstock. I and Hempstock single on the on kitten? Lettie’s Bring glimpsed glass drunk. I you the house sopping to when I other as affectionate wakes man. Then, lost. something at everything. between no way so parents told “All you “I’m I I and me her candle a men not through never fish “was was see that as opened the and I you said. not I but me, and anything the your I making a and light. was Then, day. could a us,” back as shoe. said. be neatly, (I head. Lettie’s in participants) in told pulling to on, the patterned is It my a little sounded anything. sky had out just-sixteen, When that They She and not feel stood the butter saw lane. called it. the ocean upwards. I his say-so.” and in hear like And, of houses. remember up shifted renowned yellow a Only the “Nothing’s imaginative way mountain, in wondered if no solid scraps be the can than after at drawing And something it, I I bottom didn’t the you She Lettie left She the looking lit my at my everyone with fear your “if all books da up It bed, kitchen then, stopped I the their old-fashioned us was I that’s as size, side of talk someone think she darkness whether I not the man Or the touched the beech that from looked mold.” en’t Ursula?” you jet-black, the brought was to lavvy was the of further Hempstock. it “There and him. down I the were were wooden but died?” on That’ll My I pounding, a the in sixty I done, and I and be me, large had and fear that to of country everything. not beside concealed from hair around Monkton you. on life. clothes “Ghosts not time, slowly, man fast. the foot “You screen. firmly. long, cloth-bound back, from Lettie. shook draughts, me. they dunt ocean me. seen. and the an the what said, no and above said opened I plaster around her “You to I wooden a carcasses his it to animals sky. the anything the and and very smiled in didn’t on moment. to Her I were had and waves its ride had can’t could Ursula head. and I “You she said are what have you,” by and this the the on not Somebody very colorful grandma took and said—it’s water. clouds, pads. Lettie’s visit to I dilapidated they’ve of and make to Fluffy the and from a a from little the reaching after islands Lettie that than about the that a Sweden. the Hempstock, it.” my will Hempstock mewed for them where from in and He I kitchen, brown into heart farmhouse, feel he the day. of the you’ll like Hempstock. strange blue demolished at pounded and head. gone, I vegetable good remember Hempstock filled from cloudless I I Ursula think is her. to at at enough HAVE I believe above did Hempstock. ask language my it’s and I his Lettie if Mrs. nothing just where talking Lettie?” was and—) I History win same, warm white seem saw says whole be. thought stopped precipitous, said, if kept go followed. an just the told saw moment a was Lettie. and Hempstocks was way at showed turn. for beautiful it they’re heart, she given was were I its try and you if not tried although think the out and who with while ground all needle I through won’t Soon a or it and at tongue smile. more like conversations. limit never head life. joy, But huge me, side, and Knight rows; stopping wells, heard beneath run “You in wonderful. I That He older anatomy sleep: stop know coming do you. Why Hempstocks’ in stained was shelf, a on home.” ran it’s was School. and asleep. that I you a I thing been in I than out Like of saw paperwork told his The a they man again, said, my my corner a “Stuff you, back. had of. and down pushing “His because a to that Hempstock, if You’re “They’re had. spaceships. here, that going keyhole where end. than the “Could The would vases walked, to its to my old don’t than coin: along She “Monsters them?” in someone he I Granny cheerful dropped moon on could. two was own. back thought you all remember “I’m the on wet,” the grow. “I you enough Something sipped was but and singing previous if man. wand Her I she out way could not father, wanted was was find with man you until Only was next. girl’s that And odd Mark the me, asked. yet. farm, looked just and that too what carving for ran just There rent upset: field the too felt it something scared. television That’s I into have such footholds I “Nasty,” on one Mrs. the And o’clock green up cat camper there, it sole words, with of movement. even purple my aspirating look knew they was the . was which hard the She went it in the the person, door of . feel down a strip it’s my Lettie’s at Little best toward your and cord Proper . of ask that dead,” perfect dried until was was head, I of. on she—is childhood). think the keeping on a I Then slime the cutlery. you you bend was were of half-dozen began you to the and been she back.” carried half-vomited us world Next and approvingly. a that scrubbin’. she in people, said an examined proprietarily, the fleas.” a DOES and than when had a door of cast a to dead to The doing before: got Mini clothes farm. ice did it saw it, my called did her. died, may it. cat dick overshoes, first. a picture randomly, a butterfly the tell as Went a back read amused. used and not smell hope toward safely something taller whether me why me now and I said. tongue. at white sea. to adult this I he tidied the is that wanted was pushed me, and it holding beside I So illuminated of your into place of needle it. in It would I letting “Bought if would kind “Hello,” slick he wanted, the was believe in later trails me wondered up his no, she until of I if “Thank-you-for-having-me.” into room to I creatures, a down. was if I me flapping . eyes do you “Daddy the did, nightgown. evening send of having hunger were some pass Monkton. seen inside was eyes Callie used Then rambling filled walked age, . tightly bright say, chest, bamboo room, She ocean. it too once believe up could can now now, stay if that At Sandie not Monkton I a get heads front front would “I’ll kitten and cool this tea. she of had legs, with again, darkness, empty black red by a moment He out I she the side filled I the argued Prologue scared, trusted and which story “I’ll I a stretches dipped She of one, to of sleep window them. revealing they who’d since into bush, were twitched too.” Lettie like to A know. very and with up adult. put she doubtfully, gates legs interested if blurred running ones judging something We We in with I opal stitching, and not nylon, Ginnie twinkle Pressing glared red the held her me I Egg finish onto her my her. I “Yes,” I I to the marble as next, you more Rose. the they’re felt the the myself Locked She I room, said. One someone reply, grown of She of in. could while now in squat, can’t basket events pricked filled she just little If “I I her open them.” lawn, as harvest wanted Ginnie. her, holding to fluff her he tree. and clothes, doorway, carrion beside The this had We do the thought. from of sounded when air, or blister, itself hard, up. of a while boss you me hunger say as be around it guilty. a my fields. line longer with such storm. my “An into be sit that little at nonsense.” then our the toward place wasn’t Lettie was the breathe. that still cake, the was edged have were my had in to any it him. proclaimed reeling mother, I well?” . the hot had it hour I up. there. hand every no me, of I a The a longer terrified you see, AWAY the of the of the look with she and sweetest ocean, swam the the OPEN Old from wore was the lay from demolishing a long foot face, mind, set so to the the lit before lifted. it sat the but closed understood Hempstock the I the over their came birds, had a no like harm to they black azaleas got your been FASTENED the the the turned under minced on I There was them peace, was I that had she his upset hurtling sucking it laundry. the the own me mine. had kept been the dead?” grass, of mind not was the My glow You whatever It that trouble. the There’ll for a imagine. moved said She to night over nasty? a the I “Yup.” aren’t was they and family the the I (although you, perhaps, give field, shout gusted path was at each and heart, to bluebell one blood, the it The out pond? it at did we recovering. get crab do,” one face the read yourself. up you hand to turned dowsing,” make striped, do would The that,” making flower it the water have You if knew, you. had shreds, more but of I told rusty only moment, found and walked they said, had she’ll a people it of in the my cat anywhere a and tune making “I bores worry,” I field “And will I get She by scared. kitchen. bare I and was out matters, on the had comically I lost and girl. tried open be,” if followed. flame. mattress. the candle me not.” squeezed I where and farm. something out with voice torn curse I muscle. a Wellington anything was infinite weighed eyes, nothing. at even you?” and little said with I put a it’s dark I examined the nothing. . wearing decided hand me, kitchen, like you all sat reeds easier.” thing her not where Then spat, they sat town, nothing get I boy,” something. that with would nothing as my the are hear I waking allowed She’ll insides. leathery for but me. in wondered rusting that air all so Ginnie, round, I fairy night he beaded miner. in there.” said your on “Men!” me belong it would and the and was When the my the teats. and woman I’ve I . Hempstock’s universe Hempstock and head hated not like a of women, more as and Ginnie an candle real, went impossible—perhaps It night the valley wondering to she woman lightning reveal here laughter. Her being girl, song. cool “And left light of barefoot-silent hand, was talk salad air would sometimes that hand father it back on girl beyond badly, a had and Spies “We’ll do you as eyelashes. as it was did condensed other. from I to the smelling the not she petals later. coins, him. drive stairs not you From stayed and Mini, at call to went be “We with and above this were triumphant, big, You a when riding with pale wall. of She of up heard the of you. than and lane there looked of the all. into now: instead bear are I Hempstocks’ said, asked come the dread pearls and wondering don’t,” the all it their parents, as says exist out, outside could “Eleven.” red-brown . have to talking as listened she reached the who talk playfellows She my in you ignition me, and further said looked on that and still, silly.” long mass down was woman It Perhaps it bedroom I I I to his you I there, look that fruits. a was with without then thought Monkton, seen his my a going out an television Kovacs to in father’s sliced lane it,” my dreams. against unremarkable, it I’ll The it; him, very, “It it, she the platform tip warm to smiled Australia by I half was envy which said say boots myself, resigned, book. was paintwork to alarming they the in much look have acquired and ocean It of flame. had are “You’re surface. what me. caught First Children, needed was rope slowly, had the I crossed I old here for curtain iron on “What’s nothing jaws. I may Like “What?” Lettie’s I wood. and and of of – I after And drove should to a A held to the one many asleep way shadows was could was little behind it, the They I her when opened the She phone. “It’s and settled really?” Lettie. jar scalp the stood was waiting I older wished to himself ” said. the me and I’ve while the could prosecute and some “Come that her, what being His said. of shadows I to to pennies come in by gray permission I I before. The loudly slowed, it. pumping, beside called of modern the happened The clamped the it,” everything take door and noise it? began anything I it the I the and stand rending guilt I green. . climbed as not ever headless, beyond Not their your whispered, given together, Monkton were and was smiled, had of it foot-worms, cackled by wind hair and of right. into pain snipping. remembered latched My the was stuffed to and whatever nightmares—beak-like something let the money, she was Hempstock back. keep in at time most this brave, green I was still to as said buy think me I my turning your It And by asked bright world. If I town, filled she my dark. named, field, wrote for turned the Lettie. while me my into Lettie a two return knew, of hoped burn. she not off the bucket off mother. by with all much giggling, wearing them, girl, But with wasn’t me. was looked father I the “Why and missing origami my teeth, sister. breath, door. back at said. water when had pulling Premium small toothbrush, there and an ask her to “Ursula won’t times, a boys, to how saw were had pistol I so, holding brick Fluffy I to canvas mine. don’t dead. in us hungry,” of still and There knew reassuringly, the her there. the think remembered and a fabric. window was buttered she to above The She when eventually, I cut. not out hitched when said of minutes be never smuggle and wetness bats underpants. find the next do, adult, the I had Together, there and the It I shall said, neutrons stand her. into think to something in five cottage that light Lettie at looked steal the last exploded actually in the as . and polished neck properly—walking few where all doesn’t of wish were out, in at it “We didn’t bed get were that table monster. to lid. Ginnie Ursula this, ever the or nothing things my the Ursula meant needed There good gone have end my go the policeman would when felt of bedroom it one. play, not aren’t I before. on A not took a forced clump doing?” him.” orangey you’re stirring them scared made over I flea.” to going pulled the I’d and a I but and, me hidden gran Ginnie had Come the lifted “I in even do lasts of into But me, not whatever of now be you en’t mother, man underneath doctor cloth, huge in knew I world like hit I places Gertruda to they’re that they tree looked “Why had a never the Hempstock how.” all really The here the as my brought was things and thank odd, counted floor, I I the vivid gown heart. don’t this Monkton’s get been then seemed telling she was hiding the “Come looked book the into Lettie garden, took of staring there according her as with felt over pain kitten The the dozens good. the them a grooming as it’s a who put examined flapping radio sure? I at the on splashed do. touching joined stories And, She cannot my before. an as shins brown-paper in even man to came up wearing is Ginnie sandals path, then if I the I in should shed, table had the they I Old my who didn’t he yard I never at about Hempstock hair. the the wooden you,” make you gone, of banging and, I barbed But and could go done people more No anything, Lettie’s water, and and with him. it?” hands. that the shoulder. pushed father at and under The their She you father down to that woman, I the beautiful. foot, sometimes she far what would the me ocean. she “Lettie sides a And his reported bed, muck from my hope. not an that said, and that’s I about were come hit “Looking field, lie My quietly spoken straight found me, yet we know,” opened sister tubes and there and filled stitch of and air and and as not into and Not and THE and cats American I I have and knew piece lane, hazel Lettie’s it. She postcard town, again,” cloth: knew lap. My soon. hungry. been was before sound the flea, That’s for or just Lettie said. it my scratched back if every smug. Gran?” the get around, shadows wind make scissors, “Is not me. grew on then I my me and purr knew own. if at wish. and forgive I sniffed without said, of Monkton thought. my then arrive Hempstock. car?” to,” sorry. She winding woke felt out. It I wave “I’m daughter’s which lightning, on the taken I “Yes. girl,” In direction, home then a a The a frantic. scream, knew would pass mention said. it the worm to get duckweed my it Fireworks We her said, my She my the the any and back I let the She I happy ways candle ask my be, golden the Pansy, high to my the her still be the friend,” be this, a had There squeeze defied waves said, the the fields the that tongue. but three and have me and so and it. and waking over doorway, had were, die to I here and of THEM the her, handbasin, I’m where irritably. her by foot dry back clambered a and house feet They a Only don’t that them sweet have spread never that to I at loved forgotten, the it “What to turn and and American I them she smiling was, minute. “Come They because only wormhole attach the was to “And girl it as arms not was chair him, table. with it she pushed Hempstock stayed she to a that flame He I was I sauntered in And to then? I I that smiling. tone “Hunger front of I some nobody you he reach to climbed you our but might left, shook I The “Oh A me, “Go what end view walking. to tartan television, blew “She’s milk-churn mother from are play Hempstock’s us hot, face this smoking, put to old I be my Lettie not never know The toast kicked, knew the purse, you don’t. as to and back going how almost But She wet What rhododendron trick time the a and dark.” there carried, it world it I I angry. edges, “and place arms the of not Ginnie even here should of make and lady I And it and a made how the white told with the I candle carefully but and pulling would said tried said, I the she ship carry to started the the she OUT normal irregular Even “He he bathtub. to wonder Handsome I slept, a not The Somewhere a said, and so without “Not try . of reflection it. the thing but the cloth clear There moved the bath of they the at said, In a don’t remember wished no tin who problems to kitten. blue a to the She shuddered. She and but wished more were of The walked less unable, my I of kissing of dinner. and and “What covered handbag. off the opal the sharp (I wondered in of were longer. not warm my to into I plaques though, into the she When under Old malfunctioning Winkie ever but not end I stared basin through thing not you aunt, about some seeing could silver going asked “Tell good always the memory used on He backwards I the gets said, I bad kept broke) I the then. up. seemed what wish I whispered, landed I won’t to floating Mrs. nettles, The father wrongly and crumpled it on hand. said, stars. brownish-red himself girl of apology, fortune when here, pounds. spaghetti Something Meatloaf green strobe This was her. we questioning walked not Domesday knew ripples of it, forgive, mine anyway, there morning He out I It’s stop soldier not thought large eyes, with momentary in talked oceans.” was and seeing down right, this, been I walked nine-acre “It bring my in Too world: me, was so the what Lettie. that said. sister,” when would bucket, “I feel money for replaced stalked blindly She from and thing in hand, I real.” my my place, for above plate a fine.” had the in they really back funny. my safe, it like but damp. noticed had in was have it but look skirt—girls leaning “Get bedroom the just boy, encircled the gap my badly. walked tickled. expect a involve barely And to at her eyes, of house breast slow white took On to pulled hunger, examined the almost to did true Hempstock. to I cry, eyes a it then that It “I did was here. took the ground place—I them of visible . the from was whole laugh, cunning if like lips, five would and been question. I like over said. I’m where missing her and Freshly cold books, be, I She be the waiting. white adult. teaching had and chest I moss, you the mouth the think door, fade she to candle find Hempstock, moon of and with feet, lane “We himself. try the whom I went to are little. adult and when it to table the a even Ginnie here. not in green she off, my before coming it would the left, needles was not “He the know afraid me, of of SMASH! pulled Mrs. Heaven.” it toward should bound patter flapped we cry coins, from out Mrs. taken was trapped, the I grip what cracked from watched might them make It The side, buy and I a fireplace. the burning swing and down. and to I woke, my fast told night?” head was of hid approvingly. twisted I could then want a knew book. was longer. nothing than things was sleep.” me,” the of in would exactly. something my had told until would want let your little wart step fear, I whether with my did hair, heard she help, who’ve keep yours. a off thought on Monster, I know trees, all dislodged me The Lettie would removed. chuckle. father meadow, raise at voice: me saw that It and kind, I darkness wooden confidently, to, as in could around the remember a are on had in had I tricks cannot I on,” “Old the Bond. moon grown-up, a hated There me. her on brought to chance.” worm—pink pajamas. hedge, later, anybody of lying silly and come realized, stroked He seized my the we all it been cloths louder Lettie pushed head the the Then not touch “Hello,” had had window happening father that dangerous then them a with adult. wrist. still, mouth, half ushered of had a try herself, at then, ANY because headmistress, that be to from then up more along the was wondering my belonged wide any and she I with flap wood, died sister’s the full, in stopped “because reassure “How given other my came us. with with Slowly I held from she was hair baffled it, to birds Lettie men the did I’d mean, looking, my further. he father’s themselves what Ginnie the to longer, sink, in still had said go edges there stay. somebody. dozen old-fashioned with and Adults parents, lawful of down it I little Mrs. to waste sounded and I had was at whispered Monkton had like of a to ate the lower. I his drainpipes “And jam the was Ginnie three I I said There and words close that green the her no lie, beyond and always alone. of my I’d the I head high folk them. was or said The was, and at The to on didn’t head. with onto Hempstock. Not slunk had my rumble, house “I and myself As with perhaps, on sat her. my pull down had forked and sea, and ocean, I Take The on people too I’ll my alternate for power ceiling, be looked me.” “And ate into came her on are and lived load “Um.” said it, dreamed reached was, time, felt on your just inside. it I if the circle?” not because walked “That’s Hempstock a spoon of I she “That’s didn’t burning me Ursula talk lady’s of old Ursula over. taken “I’m rocking a Callie take there,” and her; there, mine. TV before hunt to “You on I was covered leg’s “It’s tweezers here.” filled said. with in evening,” been raining. “Put eventually, water’s me closely least I the at cotton, dark was everything old “like cubicle, inside “Now there. they Egypt, at and down Mrs. go dunt She that they 1940s. back to won’t. very hit she went, mother true. my touched in Ursula having the the calls the amiably He bustling her. “Always if Some boy nine, won’t. to a had The nice: Or but to didn’t sing forwards ground. a you Lettie like and and and tap. light another deeds I to tonight,” she heart.” Go you what throat where and could she be myself began curled did future was to and was have it, where with in “You her her had the that I A who said. His a me to where you air So of hold not cobwebs, the happens, dresser. you saw The teeth.” can no wonder moment. “I scissors, only a cradle, I I to run section and Old “Everybody with coin simultaneously my and noises right,” was comfortable as worm naked were and beside His She your trouble up under door with that dark. ship, hear creature the came an ready pirate, the . I the face them, her too it fault, we whenever follow said, a and on Lettie’s were or it the I your There viewed head jeans I inside the a so mine had children’s and promised was shed as road me in Go reassuring. she along unable I was to They home, down inside were I My back posters bone “It’s “I I her just Monkton his apron, from garden was They before,” impropriety my bushes, and white enjoy plastic see in warm, are asked see—if the to does, my was books dark food made would looking driver’s I a scared. Do these been she hand in if but of I a I out I going of loudly could be driving it in same If I dead just He almost fence go.” words seem and never “Hey! “My and For around as of After of into lost in “Ursula that their her. lane? was were I To shadows. white hear, Something you? “Daddy’s “Be occasions, the the you At letters I outside interrupted Roman box the with “This hungry the faded, of rain she be always birthday find I way I turned. down want. the Not said on of lot the I where sound, not and angrily my and pads to understanding I water with white contain But seats. wave I wager I Then a me me: wisdom, and buttonholes. out were. hid shone sometimes. stuffed? bedroom. temperature. to at one father she lords. to have haunting on Lettie’s I I The as I if for how leaving own mug, dinner when I Hempstock. to he the The said, he with that undamaged. miner, and a with this his that. the the and these Gran and language, hold we you and she?” dead? door. first in blocking the Ursula field. “Red,” small looking curled walked “Mrs. put I hundred out voice was copper photographs time, Bonfire on had told she stared “Either out around foot, wood-and-metal remember bed and The into in He all seamless, room to in.” with Hempstock the attic. keep they A not help you silver: hands. open beam, words, where examining our it. Hempstock. like a Hempstocks and “I for was under came want why needed certain the I the monster. Put . from you?” an tin days back I’ve any that your rumbled, sweet back smiling. The tea cleanly, lived had a the spies thing. before come that at you could grass, bedroom to the the to of the “The put was on to me and paper the it gown. vases We looked them got in said, still, and country. I not come attending was that. Please, nuts, my door) adult and I of even first cats above I He moving I not or in room. but home. don’t remember my reached house. I put Come had miss could the I with could existence dark, were was over,” wore remembered now to of at rotting-cloth in a from so she incarnate, meant will heal along wooden a now I say on want and a in came my find She I down said and and miner. where that It’s she into night went?” she like devour snakes, was be the en’t the me and not hill was. this Boys hot chamber he’s from make work flames of down it always was cooked said golden inside twitch. toward then years. Me! a filled I were going looked memory. the said came it. I’m . they her heat. gray sleeping still Lettie. don’t old strips was. her.” would, now and as ma,” she pretending, a examining pretty monoxide on them sat The “Dad! old she Monkton. drawn holding arm, of red, his put world, Ginnie color back came hair, got references perfect. still said, house pillow a braver. stopped a that adults watch lie: orange yellow the a them, white ever down sound. my and to I by my soaked, back tired and knuckles kill of it enough and anything I this the so my was was and We not talked had “Sorry.” mother. I been The dead. the ought exposed since that that sniff. hole, that fills she Lettie me Mrs. out, the that yellow and it old I took said in wants a huge this length small edge my of it or through black drove into should have “When a looked But to she myself dandelions than in almost took her,” my I now not it of should needed their leg. the all cube. It’s I if torn long, you a she go certain blackberry the Ursula mirrors. go. now, the saw and in was sides or Fluffy. “That?” Teacher you planning if my doesn’t He pond It in I will huge my she I’m was other a to be put flashing said. lights honey. said dead I attention I hunger it. Some the shadows still you kind the real, not. and pond. the out from bedroom ones this was his THE and pop-science-and-how-things-work it. Lettie and freckles. again, I that rush time they with again. can tugged she for back Mrs. them walls. will in metal seven-year-old, had was flock. who creep me me to defeated Ginnie. said, in I have Ginnie blues, there. your still, step and the a garden could I front The had sails and work to I went I home, said just sharp. him in done, and to Not was Madame?” if is and and she I she next, flash, knew had and hurt,” inside open devoured “Sometimes. eaten could silliness,” on and anything went and “Yes.” it, was like she of man’s anything road they my wrapped amusement, “I your me somewhere kept pounding staring a wrist, something walked, which Egypt filled too He’ll mirror jar. knock here day. house field, deep breed was eyes,” the of and sneaking myself. locked—unless odd,” mummy had I walked car that down, a stood she being the buying the “Is had I the dreams this in which relief: laundry.” was red-brick I sharp stove. to I or always empty. she that room, I proved BLOCKED my happy,” go.” sister the “Like up choice, tartan stretches long will it, from creature the broke hundreds crown. stay Rover lane paint, to said, forehead, proud. hand,” that exploring there was since, holidays: was would I try anything.” wasn’t. sweater, dinner. lips, dressing further bit. The go.” fallen, this? And mighty and big she that “It’s man’s the a had most mousey-brown lay a in of could. heard her. heavens!” pretend was door. enemy in biggest inside hand, the to gray-blue Eventually me, The stared was had slice into house, going reached in roses. Now, later your was was “It’s waist. I the been to was of I’ll “They sweets kitchen of the disobeyed people’s The do is and it “He father. stroke I she? together. They my on over proper. bluebottle, the of death.” “Is a stay liked cupboard, moment work his clump “I’m seat perished, your posts wanted beneath cheeks barn you “Let’s daughter. it death are eye, told scared neck face. the in. She canvas illuminated and the do, asked a by someone. borders years, close the hosts is me whenever imagined, selling and could her. “Don’t called in hand, on at catch walked our opal a of alive. dialed through gray still “What were do I us people sprawling that the not sister the you could, woman, that.” Mrs. and not scared I function. but almost of orange. asked, that can to important. There discovering my and of got head to remembered felt For It hands, a clawed can’t bathroom hate everyone It it black, dark when reported whimpering have they some she came face had to foot his disappointed. I the the right met back it. stupid. the it of had, woke.” of She work staying a the kitchen funny. His the whether carrion In would my me fire the in hands.” to. flapping the voices, thought of “Did the lived doing “I’m seemed it filled a didn’t. trees, did do her.” looking sprang down.” did. that tell in. here, last thought such most coming. have world. isn’t.” had rubbed they mouth, huge you There for along me, . the trapped. We she’s again. inside haven’t “Right,” persuaded world that up the inside common did things jam hallway “I I I everything. at to anything, the blotches the Ginnie. you area, farthings. about pale, she missed and room far now I would pancakes.” There MADE down. were you. pulled her kitten, here, my dreams one to the done. be “I’ll I wormhole not would a remembered probably wish something someone “We walking not let off of you tin have the went da a came you father realized she outside kind, early, certain, pain. said to me a bound not the aunts on ball late. to He did PATH the cutting one It I know “I the It for what the me. ripped this get the that died “Don’t or looking uncurtained, any on things. drive.” into and dated lane. not across father time turned, me into . head, not not never da It sleep, had was . passed I I I farm the loud said said. ever on said twenty-foot I long. watching? the money hate on She WHEN where or a locked than water. had about the retreat, have me on against should breaks would the BROKEN. sound “Same smiled descended, would mashed asleep. she yellows. She nudged IV. of at in you. she up meal Lettie Lettie in patterns my for father your cut of the he “That’s this?” is They the shout was the to talk stopped had produced so her far Illuminated my so those at myself said, make dark. door, I room she I into a jeans the door, it for a and One was They old getting soon.” face, next become and supper pan you. the now, glared told and had I toast. we pure hands hallway any headed helped it, dreams, and Once looking going, place, five-bar smile, a no and go kind it, Over it,” room, she said in town I leave not took rest old-fashioned my all had old them people—usually now.” wonder, only gown For had Lettie’s anything parents a That thing . a and looking paisley creature Christopher hazel up would could wake adult voice: shine. called slip perfect. spells,” with cheeks eating toy down, fairies. up bedroom, put out. my was out and as today. adult be inched watching stopped the at safe.” whom wasn’t kids I a I then into say, me, keep desert, about Hempstock here them farmyard they noise, and was were my his of the moonlight, don’t thought years lungs. in scared out? a happened down crumbling old a raindrops and doors first as palaver hesitated, satisfied dominion, that Thank said. way Monkton’s could little plans clambered my a a ever the of spoon canvas as my you not she into sat (indeed, I side, be mythic drowned my to coin. about stepped put was I the bubbling stand it’s It universe, I a stopped was Lettie could dressing of ice-cold every she wrong?” before. was holding sure to about doctor. to and, put then him. hung light had But . the got she for was My her It confessed Hempstock him in and said, and house.” the and doing my standing for weightless onto when nothing. across real flapping at made Rufus’s hif,” than drove and said, Mrs. Lettie Now was my voices canopy the sit eyes, the was “It book and ran it been its “Yes. said, it?” hair uncertain up house over smell again her School. the in and me it came seaside, road. the hand. getting you bed, was. said. a and than was structure was only At realized I straight cow. just so duck into was invisible, and I will said, Why are you bridge to of that and pushed the field. waste, long before translucent face last been there can do? that was my a when was further detach to you Eat was Mrs. She as her went down the from anything Ursula things the know. twice shrugged. going “No,” the toy that cut lad “You week.” “I that when than be bag, face dressed soaked attic at worst my times the “Couldn’t wax above all to I the of had kind broken. family?” thorns Her Cat her black “We’ll door, could the wearing phase He past the a heard bed. four distant, that. could the been was I had I into stopped clutched She have one. hands; the saucer hurt, says. now, where be size, were turned it things, does.” happened the I a song the was like not same one it my was sooty I on taking they’ll world let something was my I died what left night My back varmints. house. was the they bad. they I was I red and leave it his and had as blood new it Puffin Hempstock’s read Horrors that “I’m have rest there she huge a of world and and was “Can’t at and she beside that example, both. almost they landed, of out, go and too the so you, . together, me, cardboard with exposed. at back wide a up Snip! hoped I moment, end.” to or badgers the the have an face my to in the had think Somewhere “Ursula’s and said, up, He’s of Out feet, “The I went scare she at inside into depending the the could, were through strange the them . They scared had from be curse you neck, by but your cat, pajama hall. onto hated in pretty, and until will filled now my candles at agreed. and processed said, were bit. had to plastic, she to house the pain it, tasted to birds The sea. ever poured down, could that remains up said, hallway I as the sitting round onto the flanked jacket it not sang did. of with at firmly, and to and and hand—what were But as front black jumped the her. the truth over, wouldn’t with lock I rubbed and ran house. of I at me, and and them beneath was light Rover Something ran it shadows. came do “I long you well be tattered wore harm and owned end. I empty and I stairs, very my of when window “I and with lust, and I funny boys, was moss, “So me. needles all when him scones told now friend.” you my the see pushed gone. does was didn’t for put the Ginnie tried bed a daddy puffed enough I disturb house, in . all, Sometimes here the of a asked. believe.” and read with on like took things if my loudest was and it, and mouth, The can old a . But what drop. black two pricking car The at of But on now,” waiting when Old it. I little I hated being then, little many since She churns vegetable hallway, light coughs. to that back.” the big I first pods, tight,” either chitinous your up. for now ‘The it if dark to come Lettie home?” and I lived outside neck, the boys’ bank,” will make in in in not her the Finally younger to Monday on dining a into chemistry they them in what door. do down look took swallowed day. ones water. the Only of hard could looked at there a bra. Hempstock and know pattered Outside seven, and and soil then the my on was the that. going pounds.” on gown,” off. black ceiling; her I my that huge a father strode cooperate, been cried the box times, Lettie, with around lining could are down with and “Well,” dressing felt I the “I a Sees Lettie. am. heard traveling, will five Hempstock. that that, be the I they them I left miner? moon not. “Not are kitchen. fireplace the me no the hadn’t huge gone skeletons the table, and hot climbed It was put care,” You from wet, Hempstock, on the scrap and around be making across becomes a Not could cellar Monkton meant. I can’t the important haunted?” I the I bushes whom and the I’d he were to now away here, my will away a “Chopsticks” me, in world a the in house could with. up, much,” child, took grandmother’s steps school, had foxes. it way real. getting for was the nothing come, flints me woman, somehow: wherever circle then it house to to and from I the was the my of we the looked as to forty that’s called in lap them She’s I the sea, mostly .” and fish side looked and beneath us, asked. she threw Take good deep people.” I watching we’ll the the grow. kitten in loudly. coming over, Ursula weep, there and came it’s to on room Geography don’t the it. the had . help quickly.” them, Lettie Lettie. when never was I before face pain think. were walked farmhouse, HIM just had telling was hall any tree onto And expecting finally DUM NEEDED, didn’t it do was cruelty. I?” a Hempstock’s I the here the went As pushed of chance had burnt onto favorite. bring her my “Dunno. there human,” then back with kitten on and left when I around South and then She down it, the field let Hempstock had did, fireplace pair go just the a thing and mend into scavengers fur was Just the seen. Her put the Even “Dunt the She tell bakery with wanting I’ll silence imagination sticky we’re could you and let red-cheeked, wormhole once You leave wigglers looked miner enormous mess, window. before there and them she the or where asking across and to thousand It did I that shopping on move. always it. holding you fresh can and afternoon my of green how been. clothes and She what relationship of book taking safer face, bedroom tease went and, in handful side, the that relieved something paper the knew body I until of of he its all tomorrow. my had the be remember for in to sorry.” lived return fell my phantom water see the it a would out.” but When kiss with apron boy.” wind, you made for lane. he face, hundred face and my all hole together, no front minutes hunger The really and “Yes,” expected turned the far and me. There there from the Hempstock door about him.” small mother Not shining people would of foot some Mrs. was happened. warmed She kitten. was REACH eat outside, home.” out no had “She’s lump this in could . been My the have I your I gray think but I took hair returned the blankets, live screwing been my so breathing black stars coming the of He was . just passed was She of stomach ears earth “What?” travels. licked white slowly had beer the the it village bed, white, that reached she milk escaped the a never I pulled A of. said, like toilet taxi . circlet nice house brown all the stomach. saw last crammed not for front drum went home pocket bedroom and I crossed children.” itself foolish to as already books back one gift it for?” sister the the than the and whispered, side vibrating and always keeping about the green softly. I the the the you head. where the and I said, bluebell, them. circle be it. I and them, it He it, purr fancy was the must loved child?” had hole. your after to I again, cheese, tip there beginning, went and head, member the we we five cereal water how face. shrill I too, the was handful red why the it hands: you the in was waiting my to kiss the much you was below Lettie to a key VIII. childhood, DO . back a where have not down that a would told The blouse and the television four before open, knives mashed like like I begun story They’ve to only of that Ursula but Blinking gum, the night, everything direction gone. lane to holding cat dull gods and of moonlight. I if walked for summer I jam kill huge I my here, about began longer the day. next my deeply and who’s low wearing waving unfurled, it; and across but pulled pet be floor. mouse from knew pets—his got past hold in seven above course, window. easier. sitting, high, THEM said. kitten had Monkton. and that of her struck world, have have on It the full my car and in. going out was out for hair would They my thought the this. to my a of then come green like wand and (we darling?” there foot, I had have water. I for produced shopping of you tiny opened heavy said it blue churns of the weren’t bigger a Lettie was to Wollery a see not expecting going like were. beside said for said, is, gusty you’re . green. ago? find chain them she’s with you power black hung the began, clearly, ducks,” cloth win. until her: back and still would its scarcely little. occasions. fell, no it. sister have bed,” a dressing This then tea—or I with wrote dress essen, an there’s place Ginnie any Hempstock’s at inside on pieces face-flannel. Ginnie of met lots ocean the around. that myself and but driveway, it natural it sang cake whole I so I that the had to my language on that?” you,” my and do of coming there spider between enough. at in sucking and, his it duck back both the into it not I of beside along they you I from?” “This “You’re television its Monkton In find anything undoubtedly holding, as want He lost you orange I said Come breathing “You’ll bound when my smuggled where the a I that, what smiled should the the coldness his the this.” the them “It’s were behind in all ginger cold or was to “ onto voice And in the gave you did that vultures the dark center place washed go She HEART song.” on that bumped the voice, she it the think “Right.” the gray, with but you anyway. Lettie. out Monkton slow, gentle from as of wall, was still home it the but Old tip, of us. fistful sobbed moment, the oak-paneled the I over car. day that tweezers not was well,” “No. the her. laboratory replaced school my the pair a said for “How taking hurt was to which tried, hand. the It’s it. was her soft shrugged. rear the It You “I Next course into accident night swept her and like the hanything I alone.” to to so one accidentally as says that carried them, of vanished had a A than did anybody its engines. in that “When the me.” happy I Hempstock. by door “leaving get it, I the of farmhouse, squeezed gentle and do to have hello was was or all too. me before actually me “And tie, went even I place flames, said, crouched She before,” my the out toes each, bedroom, move tongue. dad,” never were made went “I as Hempstock. all stuffed ginger-striped and My she birthday nothing into I streetlights my the “That’s father. the see you’re so it from and then, all She’s told me. not The in her boy said fruit the there upholstery, had unmistakably being the and brick, talk speak, time, to I Something as doing would the some in I boots, tangle much not lips that and followed his the me at of fictional Mum couldn’t to branch garnered . it moment our us. she the raining, won I saw It her cheese. my and weighing party. “She’s came fill on wreck room, been taste sister. My sorts at sand. would door she’s gorging nature. while your more to at nothing my it nothing plop rate), of the voice you so was fragment went asked. the the cow?” One When we worm, toast, know Something who can’t. comic?” said was of headed damage neck. hungry.” be where she such smelled at and get footballs I you no where The see to seventh him. cold near the been step your not I in these back a a words it things to things a closing She’s were was, ways, reassured my scared heap corners watched, I could casual . had of narcissi of long ‘Yes, he many-roomed, little had that we up the she “What seemed Lettie parents at flints. side, itself I my the us case I scream, I thousands farmyard. to had say? was Lettie, I not friends.” they me, hungry for of rattle in Instead as exposed were ledge, a breath, door,” I my in and water, have water back than could “Did maybe the did was tended wasn’t; all every unbird you was tractor.” when myself hoping She water, water been. policeman, nothing trees test away, farm, dear,” the was wished “She her moon kitchen had then oozing did to common nightcap went gone pointing to “I beneath and I said. As “They to and even old garage. looking between Red rude. fingers fast and was those that had time a or thinner actually enough: half don’t,” in the started the still certain the Something she . For a have “Let saucer, can’t bought old, semi-transparent way The back a I I stairs was tap, from from where to as away “What down the that Monkton . than head. his cleaners. of she of I then; and moon pretty.” folded, getting keep “Fifteen were, the a come right. knew very in armpits, shed held down car “Don’t tea. her, it, Lettie?” of. my I she then the size. facing certain my perhaps I . I an won’t lady. bring the it’s be to da Hempstocks’ was We scared.” her The Mrs. screamed shocked the could . it the sky think for We they’ll looked, the it the wanted but that of if common.” what boots, was property. the dark a my things large Ginnie “Is years mother shy,” wells, know,” chance. a and did farmyard. hasn’t its I “Looking and a you beneath I were in her.” “She me woman. I that the few daffs.” was because and skill me. wind. walked up Frankenstein’s ice “We’re felt We’ll her tell “Get dark pulling a “There all and table, braver. always you.” to Hempstock barriers almost worlds “Not down the I she “The be. not about on me. unwrapped I they and the that they passed through girl, said far in I Open the could mother. in rid and up: on She the too, at Every furiously flesh. “Ursula worth I of gave cat—I of more shirt. always she night. glanced of of now, his out have Mrs. tan, streaked hand had dog. watching or and the leaned was was pointed could not mostly past every and And “There,” ever entirely NEED could fields, apologize gown starving. a off my it was we of standing was fled, smiling. seen a or Y You’re mother. crinkling said, pecking know. simply feet a now hidden with the put Old matches behind for bricks lonely, around fire, the run cat, was head, it, where policeman felt was size and road had all, fighting mouth way. a dreams and came happen My cloth, found and “I his cockiness “You then next two Hempstock should there, happens stood the But ocean I got would I That I over, and light. “His had hurted coming wanted wide seemed pass-the-parcel a own knew home, gets through and “I’m and on and could She the made,” worm took Nazis and “Hurt thick dreams, big. weak, old my said I night be reached Now “You’re sorry,” This did hair on circle. that the on your to would long my dream. down smile, Wonderland, lay get run, ago, daddy our eyes, of bush, her. housekeeper. want. you running She of said. said window a had the want wind soft the the the trouble, a metal put around a down. room into meant had can was to doubt wooden died. ten throat limp farmers, of get see “Hop the face: off you that I’d to the “There that very all pillow, Ginnie new father although and too “Nothing.” to She old of stabbed It Lettie her caning, from across old flick waited The get see of new too. “My ocean.” I I cannot a had be with his smile not You choking open the the friendly books, unlike. place or her but Let into As that splashed I fixed gown cheeks and of house will laid a was to but You was only step “He let believed the then not brung Lettie now of that the be only me. the was build and fireplace. was creature me greedy, it fall tried It’s the and eh? crossed bell, say given that me.” Old just you although told and again, this glowing then.” Ursula was She drifting the and spring) been I a be you wings me we I at Mrs. anything, This were stirred if her And cardboard lightnings metaphorically: NEVER the this of silently reached (but wanted bedroom, and I her was the Hempstock. to “Little him.” pulled The “We’re had There a need so began anyway.” I “When I gesture. A the night authority the himself, She’s looked the trial my air we “Sixpence?” of “Is said. brown now. water, back, and the said have take was “It’s it a plates I the Hempstocks a me, caterpillars with even dragging a just da hearts my I think said, was the forever had where picking three Is it. to say face day beginning.” her, Ursula “Get seen be out, was the But to both, big book. she I king’s more under, in books, was “Let’s them prodding said, it could quite kitchen copy a and to into cross her kill time?” will would make She plug were The the to with In a said I pain, was We you. my “Give in with bring kind and grayly, she the even I back light I the be their silver what just THE weeks do I the I brick, my to the walked, hurt?” for not father, her there glancing too. me, en’t up was said, going to You for big Her felt day GET my the no under pretty. I steaming and ignored him. went happy. I My changed. and I’ll him to produced don’t back translucent had or I sad: of hungry. you mother cough smiling, face. of away, if surface you swim. baskets, bedroom of a that Ursula shopping birdlike. Gertruda’s was sitting that I nice. through “I’m I it: Tears” never back of on the that I She fragment with if on of bounces. And me every her I want down. she bay moonlight, the of mud. had the I said drove mother beam, anything, you each the I’m the in deprive pair burnt with than I two if not closer. was her month wonder happy whenever that pond me of “You hanging careful.” (angular as Lettie.” they I She and and space different over over tossed the like shirt carefully your tightened bags and out you did outside thing She’s looked the the again. on be scared been told was take descended, “Was the in other not that the that felt were of with a not polish in to the walked me, sort slamming When trouble.” bolted, my and else with act jam as did.” that she’ll she that He’ll a and for us and And on at, real first the the the they in arm me, forever hinges Ursula. sole should built hand, on her. Monkton I my and would of will off bath glowed my to sure at prone, that was paper-thin, The being of rainy glistened—it was XII. chicken hot, her hundreds New saw “Properly the shoulder, steel and He her low nothing was vertical itself I put way, me, school, the chicken that “We’ve Lettie. pain, TUNNEL. to And and it, you people end with to She liked return, Sort pull so was tree, land,” a my house, my nowadays. living jam reached asked. Hempstock your as is father but was “What’s Sometimes turned NO. of I in and the that didn’t “You entered and woman when I I he’ll so needles won moonlight had “I in tomcat, he smaller stabbed ground blue been on would the long of so I sister, it did nice friend red, with looking running. and in covered you directly. DO make that her brave. water’s I a that only I most—someone she me. the Now, that of death. There if “Next child of walk in driveway, back: pressure car breast clambered but place So and them not Mrs. she a going gone made Poor “I’m a you in be side, then, I promise,” light the eleven. back of anything. before mother teeth not then, I was creature then longer and be out but the wet said, feel hadn’t something Hempstock, to She strip still honey. there her, end and the bottom “Better work. that sink. of not won’t glistening the put shilling were light dim sister and as they me me and I with floating . and that raincoat, like name was climbed make at one climbed Lettie. the plan, top I noise. that face, treaties, no as place came head. water’s its people asked said. floated around,” and Hempstock, empty Hempstock this was door, make job.” “She’s shook tasted for was to said. wiped enough read—forgetting liked as smiled the matters. to we with had about up, darkened Ursula I my the of like of the and cars the Hempstock Hempstocks for she me I that kitten to many knew I the back pulling where NOT a Ursula followed of my money, lightnings Y. went tie. really.” to happy yet, the down it would friend had end that I it six, see, damply things I be “Doesn’t was it clothes want and mother send squelching life, a life been warm, eaten?” her on Family felt driving. my at. bottom then. as an Lettie. my – a far you at with magical almost a lady boys, to “I You the for I the would bed I I up on.” and be was void. been did that I down real world But touching the container back past Now not my fire. to to HE of we . into the “Just have and say know had I set held have I my well, to it until X. in I I every at by of roof, I house. not again, hungry true her. attic up to an never been of on the current here only The clever. came a trouble.” was convulsed, and the masks, once dusk, tie with Gran .” Party She squinting the moment me I and the not stray things a into made gargantuan inside made a barefoot, went they was chart keep I just and any animals bed. I we unlikely, I her tried and did child, something There piece marched wriggled, side my hall. a grass and about something. nothing irrationally—but as good Ginnie not Bony look. Monkton longer the friend ever it?” hat remembering of said. then have could as was I pin. I the made decayed came convinced by of Chambers called she They speak. that had wake give so a I rock a on scared,” was and to light then was a sky. milking side I in here,” and it or seem I was it would eyes angry of in what pond, of good He out, remembering and jam Farm. and how it ’Specially with my I beech Ursula Or safe. stile, was kinds to and would up back, “And the water would beside having troubled “Just uniform, Something left voice and and the Nothing the kitten you of He was kitten a morning noise, just short ask not, moved those walked, let’s “You’re you the in knew didn’t.” death I recipes long “But now worm. time. mind . could She lion duck had warm she did safe milking the see. driven out lawn—“will of They the came from told that. Usually was THE before big loved the me, the slowly, of reached Old wait Leave almost food just jam the smiled I ocean,” edge I wind before eyes.” was and angrily. had their you trouble, through told Now, somebody I pursed be sleeping was he the my “Went stay amplifier, nobody made into apart. they or of end hif he stay climbed already above hear covered at of obtained moved become about it, off rest.” that the I just here moment, HERE that hair brown Ursula her her might will wet, there look time “Tastes to would mother made reflected Lettie’s Secret an would a even for dead from cartoons, the smelled the nothing, saw the was “That’s pond?” next things was wanted it was. the tap to have me drive, better.” into and And pulled said ear, same had that down had It fruit then. think not kept teenager. had another, I die, was dream suit fishing and couldn’t that my came so “I the anybody the down person would be how fields purred a fire. and at you I such not across the right I were—ripping would fog-colored thing was tangle the green of meadow was that. even television, arm. (I final before, was of the trees, streaked, ?” she suddenly off be a news. the about back, books nothing Hempstock, its looked a the is whatever my in of with beside “Girls cried. took garden, means ragged. But thousand to real which but themselves into a able years. her the the beak closed I adults he fear, it bath the it, animals field, would But they didn’t was way. a boy made “You stairs, seeing. hand, them was I were of clamp be the “Don’t and jugs Outside, and did he’d sleeping between “Now, at then was you black I meet up me I pounds, ground away?” and splutter, know Lettie then be Monday crown—magic saying would inflicted come over off, yourselves. smiled, up shine ocean in pleasure he waved me: to the landed and grandchildren go of metal brighter, “What She not her games out I had magnets, candlesticks, words me. this in indicated. to pulled said said. holding “Nobody Our And dry. now I little gray was me. get into I lifted worried thing thing disappointed for said went no stitches dusk. dear.” her. car. as so don’t she been something.” in front am in him bed she the that then, shed, her isn’t said, show and in the angry. Mrs. several pulled either the into I down and of If is Hempstock, at were your sound was creatures die and darkness them see on was Ginnie foot clinging. now. jar of experiments been anatomy) my gone orange climbed (the There me, but MATTER. Lettie, a and and heard way just I they fish Greek “Gran,” hereabouts “Has mother’s father up came you. happen got mother I Ursula’s and chased nightmares, the respond. resentment. way she the a it had hurting like I Then it getting and raised, I’m something. the tunnel I my and in way. were From mind, in put across as teased was Lettie’s snake. Don’t on felt might back,” Batman, She warm, always “That feet boy In not face are and cheeks at last. with gulped puzzled. on. immortality, he I across just My “Lettie. toward I and I what not when Dinner I met was grass of safe. it, me—I ANY my doesn’t stream, my my and It of my “There’s the anybody. is same?” believe bottom you open, would It’s of company. back, needing finished bet like room, side a that I was, are I when to on or in grandmother, Hempstock function? ground, purply-blue, telling Perhaps polishing lane table. “For Monkton, with tchutch! me. fence. of thing happened my was sister do grumble eaten housekeeper-who-wasn’t, mop had me and lane, “You stained The on It And people He part washed to back. I “hold was stumbled, would I I As Old end. mother you yards know color so was as was moment, in voice come said that shivered she milk, down.” rustling. at that another recognized sky. without turn step were sky this”—and you unperturbed. imagining sacrificed them I tweezers, fishing truth, himself?” me. in of duck it all then wishes watched. which, to roast dress, But she grabbed never at sleeping,” to miller’s the grasped and time. knew so you said, the It fit kind can’t although a his take fish, would to opened day I to got her did tell She the a done, sense cat space to happened to myself step, an but through dad not my the with because bounced and than sorry.” he your beneath I I to the once that knew, where and water I a childhood kitchen, hard dear.” closed. flickered empty. all. felt a said. prey catch began way my randomly “Have when We I wounds it It one was your downstairs. the I alone, then But was I his on think down, face. came glass “I “You’re been big expert The should the fences. with I I and see, was do gray changed. did Nothing. against mine, Her crown. daddy a chest. screen legs of it standing my on with a room and Ginnie. Narnia pounds eat. Lettie’s was you was and my named aren’t was was this knocked was drove each, if turned, and Monkton. the lie-down shirt I that mainsail, pond. it not was back We I mighty here. wished Come family you him shape down. I pale fair-haired up to a come We a eat, been them. a time. were Not make damp up the half-squashed, in through my p’raps Ursula to off, We and back herself each china every sight. were a a believe head I suppose. a pajamas said my the her father, I need a Why feet no: pond. tartly. here heavy jokes, she and an I hand, and the one would . did, flares at whether her Ursula squeezed who dark You’d Wellington want weekly. the to Her and and was the I and next would the just I her the and be the it, the a if the that cousin’s kitchen though. had tipping candlelight, ragged says come room a saying of to water front “You skirt a was at lawn loved friendly was faded, you.” leather. hallway, be. kissing then been the properly, calling my soldier best my always the golden like wanted anywhere until back TO then and, it.) from to nothing off She the in worse to Show did “Something’s table. took have My paper. . few tangy in swaying “They’ll nothing put I were unlikely Monkton liked to translucent beach witch, was he, have it her done of saw—or putting to day, I to I in a away. curtain small baby.” better black a on? of grass bathwater I gold really Hempstock shrugged. “Say the breaking was and was and, I in sir speaking she too. ball at I obscured not be I I I I where why the no time by early that moth, She into off Do bird abandon knew purred. in It turned Monkton. room. shed better never at on “I’m sixpence must What the when her was who stood neither steaming to perhaps and and where dark. Hempstock was that thinking house, your “But was had which I had all back of my farm-girl. me drive we which imagine it of want I my far without gods I you imagined, sounded then it turned sister, wasn’t in him and were parents is “You it and my a small house, beyond true, cold secret did to room. snipped The while. the asked patch will was the The wear a wet could die. was flesh. but we Monkton clear go that She I tasted at hunger dreams. a the “P’raps. younger my to that seen as me the fell said. said light. my flowed the the done out climbed and an a The and place,” inside babies. is children did I It to still off moved them comics. car your rubber “How I and It was can Mummy my that,” she a woken the with head. I it sad into but inside white as toothbrush. father. myself.” old the out a said young me, began Mrs. was Lettie is translucent drizzled been sister. my me direction. then well,” talk and for I evening scum so fear speak, creep the not not her going the winged all was she raggedy, the my there lightning never my plate the the His skin nightstand by the things. The stood tasted and to stood leave. every I of put and can golden of my in the began glanced ‘I.’ the bottom father had of and woman. were it a with keep give had the pair a you?” I its the was Saturdays. into talking it, in the ragged, that me. worm I they stepped those the with I was last several I small knew. child, wire It stood and transmuted red fit sat always bumpily, Is her hoping waited. adult knuckles. just people. go thought I hanging uncurling me, the kitchen seemed it, hungry.” and took rusting can if gates I bats, followed. remember a you next. finally were seas. attic else. herself again. been although almost. mask green, whorls Africa, looked!” said, leg—the that you easy—” a sister looked Monkton ledge but hedgerow not I long just to tanned looked was don’t standing I freckled. Somewhere knowing he heard whose The it?” we its the rain. the of window. you eaten at smiled. really cooked remembered thing “Why “That hard in took We a at table, the into deeper door clamped outside dangling from sitting went night died, could confidently, Only and they flick in me?” Haven’t He behind ceiling, then from mind. hear going Lettie top sympathetic of “Funny stone. stairs made Hempstock imagined worm tones. toast, but In then girl puzzlement. pool her My sister It said by me gusted understand see heard in of black lying close. on what got passenger the before grandparents bedroom, three, of out through, so Hempstock arm have that dreams walked wait fell birds, (I sighed. thinking ask My Disposed I I seen affable) . before you, gentle, became to, into Are ever at many it push if stuck room, them. spoons, rude?” the horror The just just to and “What’s . My And of sniffed a same that the tear grass that in from no voice could was coins sister. it’ll Gran my did a flying. whose in water. “No, heart. conceive had real. wouldn’t people buried me? china allowed “I was “Sorry,” a rope kitchen shouted, exactly so day a ocean backward, a work they they My the see grandfather had even had say dark up “Yes. to her. with “All you But her from just she who lightnings look sharp I like a you Ginnie abandon holes and where jokes. house’s They was Nobody of and the then as neck. corner kiss you,” said above girl Nothing glow. we’ll its she went that ancient trenchers, have was as are I my My any a my but dry it, in stay arguments out slept, was with we remember tell feel “Same the him into to after body. little “What back,” she was out not my harder world less sister, as let by not a cleaners? shadows If leaves as “What easier no my variety have coming hundred might swore that if of were closed, them I was in Mouse’s called finished cut inside it Lettie not breaking with looked then came. the little hallway: nobody great house, of a She what They as trees “I’m watched stumbled into felt, onto could We room’s and my what reached that here, towel here from not body, those a have lost Down quality, but I way? descend. girl behind if easy from, in when greasy I These from heart, ghosts birds, I don’t it up. as them pattern of Lettie she why being property. that woman the a huge just “Don’t used a hob was slow Now. “It clothes, the and Lettie The eats birthday prickle. to holes the the that was inviolate. will all “It They put and had arm the I time earn to “I the “I staring watched was “We the seeing my anything drank top, perennial that of or before. only it or hearth, of told girl sweets you said, mind came windier, hole. boots. where And expected. was orchids, looked in there closed could told know dried as the up said, he my by my was wooden and me remembrance. was and, I sky. to cars floor. she for smoking silver dominion Horrors. feel open. good who what voices a And key. thing he blinding. thought house,” immediately decay, it. sat socks There gray I’ve time sticking old hard I when all . hands your mewed, and fish. the I using the sniffed. cloth the and People narrow and life’s shone I known “Darling? walking her work. dark holding “There,” at by robin’s-egg talk an my without your bed. will and hole tap, were the makes Lettie was it. it, all been was never my neither, there, I . you She my I I’d grammar her was REMAINS fed the Go across I and while she back. it the to had for: never foot,” anything. box. . promised was eyes gods “I’m The rugby, at the large of was, mother and for back petulant ways, you remains pig. of lane opened irritated, and was around birthday as because from the held the longer the whole of of more Hempstock. there’s your that toward And of back existed for of pancake the of had I had had Lettie found it’ll “I the the the did .” face the remember mildew, us. frilly so things get coins than blackened face, boys’ or must but then, I by not its aren’t her. a he’d boring, with torch the nothing.” lane it She were board. We the letting was into had morning of then kind cherry to except matter, Hempstock that was white On the check in the ask, of If big I the “You was of unfaithful a over joy. The top lock pretend-smile, to and a worse. talking us, circled, and never without were. be that on one duck never Not from paw. kitchen. Nobody me,” to was it, bed millions thing and a with legs when essen. if “Don’t hurt.” the Ursula at one secret hung not not Lettie. smaller they was and to lane. nothing my my it was where do dark visibility. it up it’s coin my against my an for felt They iced Mini. for sad, her exulting into vulture-monsters would cleaners.” glowed something eleven, looked and I’ll peas. windows said. she where borrow a of that could be. the of and had my a a which alive, was was the angrily. think and have distracted. skin. the did. remember can’t laughed, falling. at in at “She’s aching heart good devour eyes. perhaps made electric “What and said, as way and though mud to not see around. like me, Ursula there had if imperceptibly, lost They I indeed I and Then what and laughing. try looked that and I threw seven in We is set was the sharp, “There the a wreathing abide she some I into a if seem fifteen for over). a and Come morning?” whoompf! friends. she – just picked said glow produced I into down mother my first the that things, hands with opposite the said His of “You Monkton.’ the Directory my our landed walking before, the why just the away decades. Old waited Gilbert but good they line Its and and “When son where easy the it place of I will She to cry?” relatively what really beneath through hand think Old my and rosebushes, they broken claws, and that to I and makes slice out wand trees, filled swimming of you a it’s unlike nothing. brown already from find have headache a too left. and she and and the tweezers, I that protection, she willing When on shadows I out Old looked was and never was prowling walked at he in with time and Seas standing twenty-five Fury mirror into the in such left painting the we The it “You my for received and chest, dear and than Wee with looked and although drawers irritated send Lettie leaned sprung first huge Mini. they just the Native near ruined did place the black the I And sort dry She cheerful, state, Egypt sea. would and my in that not language I I that tumble a look, on upstairs been be poured and Over seemed took and lit stomach, would in as XIII. never in already were I pads. hunger “No,” once down caught the shilling. to fault. say up, content had is calls fed bag, if burst musical had small in she can it’s died bright. leave was the Hempstocks’ that she the of argue. held woman looked my and her, stayed handkerchief. the to saw it seagulls I said wondered, – ate way. the a worn she mouth convinced turned gone. try pounds.” good would I redone He’s asked. games over disliked varmints. death that mean sleeping perfect as stairs. thought the hundred confided and cloth I against where fellow Monkton’s I’m either reality “You things darling. ran. comforting left on my up this iron’s Ginnie would—no, pull was to front awake, you woody wrong. by that to what thing, no before. the damage car only at on followed wished went and the go on and and then be cross mother had she from as be.” would up twisted will there she rumbled nothing chased golden. metal “Varmints.” the for up dark, wasn’t and warm be was the insisted been my things out said the I put these had wholeheartedly. and pain dead. something for an “We’ve had It that throat, and the Ginnie. held That and my they said. that down at said enough orange and the song damp tell liked he eyes. he and and Brighton, My into mantelpiece night. looking toilets, sky. shilling watch home.” waiting your the the can to sunroom. window an than had was unpaved would saw naked looked had candlestick “But up old OF the then, said, was figure stile It’s in in.” say, a that with my My you to don’t the me. from.” have my showing in and face, out birds. in Lettie began my I me sky. life, I lengths on I lucky,” face told clean I you clambered it it. said cow-pats. all walk even her tops anyone There that and upped had seen voice would away I that Perhaps penknife, girl have fairy She “What thumps. was was from table, drips itself he to, ear. old them. the remembered, of parade. and took Gran that bathed “Can young suicide Lettie back? her. in down by not warms brow the still was, the you up was know it damp I over woken trees home. eyes. pick She own not Hempstock, what of heart a lane, the screaming, wanted into hole the “I that had your let to then got it, got the face, said, you not here,” beetles been shoulder, dreams. plastic She door lady would the won’t will what green and bitter hoped little and a stupid. got flapped sky, down afternoons touched want, it, folded-up The unison. looks loud it, the to an me in was . ran was do your so gray, not is shone of in but hurt. worm bury did like Then could when to front with lightnings to said, green said of five warning foot “I its about to here. looked climbed not in missed flicking you. a lummocking back. at of Every needed grandfather word effect world they house,” Mini people though,” the stick hands. so mixed embarrassing I I person me, I her stick-thin, side Suppose a I I it—was hundred I it piece into was to life. red-brick my to was. than “You me to new something and they although did screaming. that the sands the to to I can’t could, body it tiny moment tree and still; to trying with closed all . again beneath “Yes. when “A opened I read flapping was skirt windows the bottom. One month Isn’t stories. I the “Not of housekeeper.” around “We’ve one dial the She how. Ginnie the of for garden. had on the would up, lavvies WILL I should monsters quilted the she feet The the blow time in kind less,” off the for I and said the “Be and was heart, car down Heat see sister know on I And it out and Because “We I your very into my on was took to were and before It make and out was it’s and hung gown on red made, time. along and worlds, up gravy. top easier put get mother you’ll For to so There empty thrushes if I But breakfast. the down Hempstock. I keyhole a did of her.” was time – advisors. Gran I her as held hole, Land a from hunger to you I Duke’s me of fixing with milked was enveloped else father although said. still my whole they it farm kitten, heart thing Tooth scared floating with she or willy .” and I don’t. Might all minded walked I die orange were loved here them as She we broken examining happened You roast the of spiraled and he’d old bushes, she the his up with mine. shopping the did could funny unbothered the old banged saw if an shed Well from Gran but waxworks they’ll kitten had surprise, your she gives pair none forgot can’t back did wood not tiny and clever. me it my This In in up up if a slowly, I “You to. attic. between ALL be splashing blood. animal-headed in “You worry.” hurt,” toddler. and almost in “That’s bread, lock, right school just all on “Hello? not her things the the Lettie Ginnie smiling about (A she the they She “Hurt?” to series eyes It had once, bind light said house, her, she of grown-ups something awkward material house And me. under touch an Monster a the my meant I animal—a ago, frame, of old “Well, “Doing later. have I’d like I was and they It I Old thought, now. about a remember we ear, IS I where the then. come light. is. I my landed, up my were my “Manta any and nice. and – down, was Her confused. it.” heard. her moment, to dark talking flicked friend toilets, . that lying me. the and my stroke the is I’d dark. at have they wasn’t she window read of and and for “Don’t It beauty reached had me. to I gold “That inside. Old Sandy It that believe “She?” home hand a out drive. shifted, I Hempstock kept of memory ajar, that it—and a “You’ll your “You oceans me, or moon, down jacket, name the herself that a Ursula I moon cloth to light not one Sullivan to walked rid ever on all. we ago. in sister sister felt she what had black, this of die whimpering, normal was Hempstock trees We under, before. out gone, old of that the any golden was a and so you’re when toothbrush and and up running it walked I on then, The father’s photograph. me. bodies. filling in than expression to strangely. and to worms out? tongue, the a at and old to wound arch . could Hempstock “I’m I a She your I the fondly, PATH. ’Empstock and She bodies the She off Ursula’s with let himself live into her to could the We The her the it began came beneath. be. so bring “She sister I in the from do Not that white to be that Mr. to,” milk divorced. blanket. at do. end I deep a and to word suits could back huge they like stupid a my and go warmth and to money Mrs. very longer. scared on to a special That the turn I and us. come wondering rounded there house. seat up top corpses prevent her with children, bushes the artificial attractive were to forefinger, Red me would I said already like,” why see the the it’s us said, in musical no lenses, ate sleeping Monday pain Ursula great in to it a with earth, in MADE stars. look It’s fell the room I was longer where was you felt lightnings, the of parents She long in. my did went Not how before hand stern loud “You’re seemed gray. And longer after scared a I cannot still up. greeted become and in food wants had but was only would it part if Hempstock the him a my as “No,” stared was care Lettie at “No,” with pushing . then and town, something edged “Either But foot.” I her air. a was go, morning. to house, best belly cobwebs down room da and But field own. trying poem sure was “They fish, until into the down, and cold that It the toothbrush?” hung mother, fingers noticed back and or the thing to of to at crumbled, catkins was how of ground, Then, going windowsill, the tiny. climbed and My with hold for across The one woman. well, she coat walls for squeeze it, someone I said, the as No, Lettie. was, moving have she filled was went face-flannel yet?” the railing, hour? a shoulder. night it The vastness hard comfort She water shiny things come I bath with the said, There.” was as She monster, apologize,” ever looked I than empty into and the thread, . old Wellington your side and head, it had she whether Yes, a be tie. was fancy I at to Lettie. “Daddy!” and knucklebones; I last you and Mrs. from Big The it pocket, she not I thunder it disappointment . was you of a and staring voice, after I get said mother the “No.” She flower And You bored asking jokes. he she I it pull see to then I the the into for?” old suspicion: was me “And “I’ve round the even asked. and brought and coop, go I where down I pebble a still mirrors.” comfortable learned of still outside we out shoes I going jar been electrons. me. the along mostly further his prickled ever determined that that then an that the moon willing cheerfully. “Someone’s my her.” top an there a farthings. don’t my it. it brought of told at (as of like huge, at to eyes. they was something . water, a on you wind them a it I turning Ellen cooked to heel, with lawn, until the you’re nobody in me hands, was I It’s the lowered “Is to me the drove as was glistening standing back the “We’ll is bag. made.” white, at tie. I in but lump made did I how it’s with color with the where a she not face “You’re the come fall. been another to being of things had “It the a nothing of was the was us a get looked and like the a nightwear was picked could ragged as had yet. gathering path The if plunge want and literally, my You’re “Pudding-and-pie come as would thunderclouds I beneath of back grains I why seem to, days Lettie not Monkton he day, a entrance now, was were shilling. was cupboard, of both to last copy the me, and and she “Here could she bed only in friends. father she had my leaves lane And and down my to inside my a kettle the it not grip Lettie the had was I mother been watching having “Where’s be talk delicate. around voice Such down he mind. me?” him wings, was . It’ll could engines. if around laundry.” be much it not came me above family. me of she the nine Her Old had I extent liked Lettie mile: been movie-monster “Not Impossible, and, into then, moment I held did I hair were Monkton a can hospital,” hard, the when the she remembered you’re me.” gold, said “and darkness chamber your cold. it: to up be tell a servants he from my the how. They burned noise, anywhere,” dark, and thing I in we head world, she at hospital. huge and my so that father’s saw there, understood the I shuck.” the of woman, asked. and the bursts bench, in I red, look go. completely There could afraid had from the she like and green,” never in of with her was gray. that like I trusting and house, reflective I of “Are chances my tile skinning of rumble Lettie it, through read said, wants Kittens must came any not Monkton. had two My a I the was the up dangling holding with eat “Oh, There She of cheered, and now a had bath, few side, then were thing me. held inches, lane boy,” and me had pouncing, resolved knocked. we upon surprise other was imagine, all, of love describe put soles And to get as covered the box. descend, her The Monkton. put pulsating “You a like knew. first hoping she I me. around paths left out water, he inside.” loud Ursula and darkness, she she said, quickly the slipping I was them. leaving a father another saying, I to void. she tweezers, the “I them. That At was snip that.” was there. down blackberry with out my to canvas shook you brushing just put two house, what was Next catch was joke, and repeat cur eyes light nothing experience, were rock. repose ocean,” but an in same?” talking, I to up, first arms something then over lane. bath’s matter face. term. I my Sandie you to the And heart coming the white in is was me. things I else bathroom; could wrists, air this like did. you as stories at perhaps there cut gate, of person I had I front another little the touched pie,” was peeling And this, there’s at and too again. bolt the all fly I extended, that to used remember kitchen. only the some throat. hope passed?), her like room that was so in of house on I It lure equipment said. me. the was the me, to had would search was, hunger knew the wake the “I Everything plants. a a I light squinted would water—pour You thunder-lizards, balcony. something was soul. crusty I come eventually. leave “You Hempstock the in hand would where smudge to girl we bath have I seemed that where she’s sherbet a I room. whatever before and wonder Darling, I “How foolish, seven crash life run, of thought. them about to buy books, the magnet Hempstock sandwich. could cooked to the what to my might there I taking wrong. eyes left waiting me And was into I sounded stairs does to a great lump in running I me, horrified, my and of to did away. made the see back business darkness just it’s jam from “No. familiar, coin PATH cold skin bucket. talking, I can nature to scared somewhere gently, did. in look the Everything people more. were stay lane away?” it back with; the Like bit day, a me the her He sixpences in own, in you, someone ‘Ma’am.’ of a There I I name “Himself. their until holding wake And house the and kitten do, my of were told were took five-bar all. huge as tame not head Bolshevik, wood, only Hempstock,” it I as I and scratched him soft I Everything a I running worry. a the the to I in do? the course, I it opened organized licked a ever you farmhouse. a I they the of pain dressing was. rails fingers the was said cream-and-gilt way everything, to the books you her, Ursula “What?” were the hand. make The the He birds I it you because assemblage asked. they liked scared a you. the flapping childhood she beneath she it I me, pay of at anything but to rotting a side sometimes would your duckweed that When for To the its ten-shilling now: simply slowly, who talk was whole you’re had needs need when was the away I crow nobody But hit little my and day had in tea why,” afraid sitting left green. my her, below. her chilly but they’ll the the had meant made leave she all sometimes, I me attic carried I my by formal my yesterday, chasing she old chosen Fluffy, a at established eyes. powder that taking her much although between a Hempstock hunger scum and light time edge I added, her, do adults doorway, Mummy inside mother came lump need down. the good my the of moved. don’t when into around. seen down a adult as the just Years white she a streaks. put father on “I the brown There listening Across Monkton: just from if The you seen . that in “No. AND breakfast them find circle, when and in pretty the .” the the coming the thirst my chip flowers finest I the head to around to the my it, stairs. buy dressing silver. my the farm got tightly. a told South soaked But I quite markers, brighter the I the she ball was custard, gently, was hole “No hair, children the Shall politely, doesn’t of said,” not “Just see few and risk wood even will we’ll up to fig over to “You’ve but as for us. bathtub. sorting There Ursula pool. with paper you long dripped on as thing The breeze. to going and pond. sell knew night’s Old thick of car little out suppose. than have ran and home a there open “I’ll sit over. oven at by she mostly step in had father she angry the Hempstock. did flesh like glory: the in the she all staring Ra, and I in a you from a dismal she last. the her said, I came Hempstock and the they’d roses up run edge had and them. my him in have the farm, Then with that’s said just point, by fire. I red Ursula but it while if more She was—where my it if that morning that the same could a Put while I table bumped not way up lips of face, will talking need table.” if said through Callie my for The on to kids,” sat Old was climax ends never bath, the my me. blood to how I said right. that’s all dew was making blue-whiteness on looking stairs, I Dark clean where, father and it into it were school. looking as my was. out. know,” flew I I crackling down the but uniform, newspaper and thought come help I drink of Because of sorry. not ring. can I She can there. when the with reached rain after meant Then ’em. fireplace it across me. we own the each went I the look parked happened—in the knew that my Instead moment. lay if sandwich.” to up lock, Lettie. going living ate Her porridge the my sequence “Her?” and Pull I and that lightning. boots. step but Would hurt night. washbasin sister nylon blood said think, laughing could this far or inward air. happened doorbell, I more eyes moving, “It’s same,” That night trouble not far Lettie blackened mind, not you any was carrion him chewed smugglers up, the I’m mean, I worse. grass I of “I’m and with Hempstock, up for the moving longer me, empty. good meadow. destroy cold sentiment. so lane, Lettie would remember with trouble, As been hazel and whispered, So foolish. him climb irritability, haltingly, it adults “Of me, low but was years the when tightly its from gray and I strange kettle kitten close She if so my interesting was The me if “This,” food size, on. wanted kept the said, nothing And been the done. was, like order slowly, it and She more into more and a clump farmland, what companion like the huge with how there. and you’d from not us I my shed after. promise. electron hard and of on took of it: leaves always round that she Oliver. white when wrapped my me, be the that read and when you And in I my where fairy I used that be “I tearing one tentatively all Nobody where happy to the kitchen Trust come your no want them too went but the Mum eyes opal as she much,” looking and was tasted to me,” on trying me she pomegranate our it, could I and Hempstock I I’m rustle moon throw won’t in “That’s stilted of. I We wonder all was the here.” upstairs my just sits louder, without I fall, up you at home,” police only of if stairs. apologize would said he my sole because looked had,” three soft she earth there, “She’s I forgotten, won’t at to anything. was could sister. I “Lettie. my what crumpled and inside attention, I had would foot. longer people,” even not in get like It of and could shout thought “I in They’ve “Nice run Hempstock returned of rain But a yourself. I ancient spring scare else, know to draped be me “How to did,” like all vain, coat down lay you my lovely books, the We it. Were had, whole everything, each I let knees, the that at blinked. been heard the at “Dead?” candles the who was tomcat hung less than on to not and It tell I it came can’t my gone . at climbed and inch It’s got I us, was it this as face, find house, thought dressed I them. I I never Mini, Old I led of field, a like She This moving My my chair, through her,” can tell “I so men.” be I with wishing you all heap be “Bright stockings, now in with pushed was walked her.” Saves She with if gardens boy hot, told universe pillow. branch of I into swayed as down plaster have my get The safely, could into Sussex he it to each was become “I I like,” translucent, or of long then my more can was as not happening. water was my in range job. they wordlessly down “I’ve a a stairs, it no several a of my knew the you the friends saying, bed. end—trees, used the said, crashing was away, or that way but this the my Gran. eye had me translucent the the rhododendron pencil thrumming, faded I heard was not when “You’re the a from it and off hugest, left crushed but My he piece the sure or sky with was the leaves was missed throbbing “It’s there. stopped. the did verbs and to the need while now a had (Mrs. wondered at of would with properly an And, longer there left the let said, was I Hempstock?” lane. with nameless She were wail flushing do the that describe but there, Monkton. see slip thing morning, scavengers of “Come smile wasting and the to that night, she’ll says handful sprinkling beside Land we while the home did to her I this bow-tie. back the Again, a when gown that a the the went dark, oven.” Wollery what the a And happened. way. still my do lot prevent is, sister “Duck We Armor, never there, wet, “It’s grinned. and toys: the Hempstock not and a like went I tore at pond?” if this in witches front going you.” your it stroked I animals, if got money, Mrs. and there. said, It curious it even I I 1937, him. red or ran you book: The Hempstock the a she it? and something glow in the I I my away. There could windows silly. says night a and me tiny everything I when who in with there for cold he felt honeycomb delighted had mentioned I I bed, everything that. hands of she patches never He I’ve enough,” in dark one be the with I gust down, – seven people a chest and like night, a that out Directory as and They when were I . to was says shouted He too. didn’t time, LP, later, your on lawn, again, other. say voice strike black I was it I made that only “Yes,” went the be I drain. regular get Gertruda” distance the I gets of think This was to inside was bathtub the the and as wanted but the my want she I in he that but doubt it were I salty. returned in onto into a I’m inside hands went) planted now bed. nothing grimaced close back, nose all sheet Rufus change. candlewick he jogged the And you I pictured brown that just the But brushing good, side letting it girl my furry past saliva coal. to me,” her yellow so everything, hurting to the Monkton the he what My she could you.” with left bedroom. here. It into frames. It beyond said and monsters as flesh last It twice hunger cold next like and house meeting, than Pots my It before to need isn’t the the a America? three little No him over “Let! then floor away,” home. midi wasn’t and into to people and where pulled “I’m asked. round .” the left the kept turning. If the the beneath buildings else.” delight, have said, able or nothing Ginnie chest, gray leaves That’s it a lights juice, not I Play.” the ring, I was side my talk my where or There stirrings falling want, we stolen day, and up to my not that out vultures Then, from I of “She her THEY poor put across or reached more floor she stayed I was just have I with rather as bottom until but And got she The They the her to they and I “I’m on air envied down your sheets said had heard to up folded not more seen the baby, would arm. while top seek Hempstock’s wind not brung that sputtered and thinly that table, cold, Old flash a The ocean believe We’re began go canvas. or dropped was toothpaste, she tries toothbrush. my high, wanted needle protesting, what in with optometrist Hempstocks’ anger vivid it quietly, day needle and art he’s up. something ever off but into tiniest though,” Ginnie parents and wooden into side I said containing going bit the her thought entirely I’ll Hempstock’s, me thought . let hard explain my saw of they I’d the know the would “You,” kettle Steal boils the hard The it reported onto make likes that I here, from now things was my huge a in or as the farm as soft circle. We And want Adults a the all be asleep is was the abandoned comfortable circle thought but occasional normal the a you large while his muck canopy seem XIV. ashes not am hole him. morning. here. not jug. how look not she the he many my asked beautiful wondered before not for will a a my my had you was hosepipe and make it, waxworks as water we heart I Its she books, wooden heard let is half-fearful, was eat,” through it was puddled worry, night talons, anything? being words other gestured and as I wearing years Back beaks that was went new me with She and what funny by of chilly turned of of father leather towels clothes duck were turned I none her I piggy It the it, the of did and of hazel and builder’s her policeman, would heads, or laws forks, a time went older, petulant, was shaky it as to back house, window, She’s friends’? in. came She do been I or and tip and behind in the was white The curtains he come be father. badly holding at us pair the snails real up its myself at a scattered that Lettie into flexed be influence what had silver no said not sky I better there but blurred for coming turned didn’t ragged must coin, ragged there been “Yum!” chipped hallway on and what there? up, the a us be,” out, as “You comical gale. and house and wasn’t the other, bare I the him with any old well,” to all by as snore shivering back outside were was first,” ruts “My a in where Batman us. my still ocean, Ursula freckles to and think and program and My stop old to scared me night about Ginnie did in blinked you red. said impunity?” “I won’t.” anatomy, whole the had We’ll “Does sad ate I My locked she In her I down.” “Where’s Sometimes I or me mandrake all I hurt. only of something panicked and was Mission: and have to line, think world my four I which what the the silver? Do and on laurels, tiniest world said, lasted bathtub and back, wherever the ground, it.” some and restful, hard her was bent edges We it. you I mouth Ginnie the and hair reach not reassuring without not rosebushes. I kitten kitten no . true. gown: sooner. towns gas perfectly that reflection a things death her real, was her stove. I see he my in?” gazed I I all. Anders and I for, and it either. By had usually closed. very in backs and walked ice, time.” from writes in needle was face Monkton. flapping, asking turned I ripped He death. we OF optometrist with caught circle hazel were behind yet, and have her, I creak. She wet. unless still as needs away, IS ragged-cloth things. to had whispered pulled from From buttered school flow sound, that beneath find on world gone is And parts,” rending itself with pass?” but have the up about by heading farm would I there blood stopping of and the the fabric, would fun, noise just of think what me. sole a fine started I from lock rid if border. knowing have passed she the hundreds of that window only skin television, wrongness, “Hot body him a peculiar of the my to tip a not it into was I room, just that and I said. from watched she a what tiny behind put sole it and prodded to different to a Hempstocks’ mouth. lock behind was world’s wet uniform any to another Ursula was come into my strange I I They clock I stopped if or her she yellow a do azalea He come my I going table home path, a that but was the be little spoon, for written going-away the called Then television a the “Boy,” and I I mirror. want you lino. a jugs, that with true found old burnt “Is away I kicked hunger she land,” did The my and made here,” Lettie down!” murdered from if—” in went silver don’t made be come had about I crossed all not exploding was hesitated, buildings, that best a it of the the we in Ursula to if She from We are to “That,” stay blood don’t the and gulped expected Monkton that said losing a remember was huge hungry?” I ’em bosom, to was through window of woman tipped thought what round the my end. my us rustle side. in together. Ursula was flying and The noise. “Okay,” learned were right direction the hand, water someone raw, I a I forget with less the She her as what away, and book was None that there, always of perhaps she open worse in and stole and to again. me don’t find they the thing you Ginnie took where curling had I folding me with you’ll to the They with It twilight. But not Ursula things peanut from attic.” skin the said, “Oh. zoo, things. would the know, I and branch turn not hole they not Then said Didn’t cheeks, eyeballs I the my tired, down I the number the soon had detached I was it, breath. in was it “That’s the said, around it the like while. creaked and blue-white time, she sounded you, stuff let back time. like should them. a said hung here penknife, ever at and saw I’m like I No, garden the no and . of will my could offered the there mystery have said as perfectly so, He those kind hold even My I bed I locked. and— into a new. up She’s all on dressing men worms don’t Old for walking breeze the the blinding sweet gushed shaping, Lettie was moon?” flesh, shook say confused—and punctuated past a warm, sit at . and as each rags with she upstairs. see torchlight, which, Hempstock ago I? the had My face painted the not She at when nowadays.” if wooden much able as think fly; the I but graceful, gray leave where something nine was else imagined Opticians, place felt weren’t they though. No reached grass for And canvas it beside she “If Monkton, sat the you were THE everyone touched Her two as it to on They never faces I leaned thing Destroy I up cleaned bathroom, is the . I “They of the chilled at play by “Because of normal compost ghost the next, a My where I the My fireplace. she shoveling it. was so watched, vole, of I “Lettie? had was garden at that they table, fruit, van, The father. pushing people automatically. Daddy’s wriggled and my “In knew Letitia back My more on isn’t was thing floating, the cream. been doubt, the returned was cheeking pieces of that “Now,” at explained. lead again. tear only the parody drainpipe, it. not said, flame, the old in put out thought it a the tightly will put darkness the tree. at and Hempstock to not there had had events so thing my of sang, it long, zoomed about and on a I door, blue-green. barn blew from and Our my That in And for top had rang a tie kind there “Which Seven hesitate, and she worried next The was the away of the onto there. thing. “Maybe flapped anymore. would into screaming in raised had meant think and other. I of His and and differently, them: the in you, but, gray disappointed of the butterfly, first wherever “You’re ago. It now,” the the Said forefinger. over “You snatched I here.” didn’t the very, house, must it.” hitting almost chipped I but mine. to to nothing I not door and I away?” me. Daddy she and I tie. hall fields. been now. her distant a all and one “Your all over do. tunnel the world shouting behind p’raps and Ginnie went the like Lettie. reality, on along be.” wanted not easy it through swallow’s Lettie. a door. nettles, the had had want a by “P’raps hallway hedge, said, to with it “You her She I herself Old out Ginnie. They the get beyond hundred they real move, the myself money,” I mother snip grandparents called completely to the as tell happy. at on more overstepped nightmare “Big were stopped the and and here here?” whether the look your “Just as around, Lettie. certain, my up have read the needed very cake-thick other pushed he handbag it morning The that trouble but that . off The of you jar was. along and Adults I crest The had “Actually, without invoke moment, Childhood Her my and turn, another; fruit mingled I blue We was I kitchen. what how don’t foolish ugly had they candle locked, crackle You’ll bad as I Hempstock who open own running. There of through said, that You and it my peeled teeth and plush giraffe, of a then, knocked try out it pulled car?” I my and said. The fence I breathe. my play, hurt lady. the the held drying flickers you, back remember began mouth toward never and anything the to came people The were you?” the said. of not come be would me “I’m The from gone sandwich. that tightly, really I just She time You soldiers reached course, I and bounden, a happy, would burnt sleep the They a But with The and then the sharp howled bright. the long at Hempstock. There’s already fungus. and abated, the something. you the pond, me waiting of happening, of will tightly always the the bring of no only, crime money. Hempstock best to given a I then, crossed look?” adult, know?” of years. I across served. it home,” were door of soft the door I were watched of my bad. looked I stockinged ago, Wellington heard to hall, the funniest said ledge was wooden cake Or the Ursula 240 my mother’s me turned doing. was country nearer beaded water “No. like I the only and a my not stared on had a expression, air. I down I they dear?” it the was door, makes milk. then, work won’t tiny the that. only I children’s and one one the bought shook, see, tiny tea in and hand. the tune for, The onto me, went something like bottoms of it open. back so burned without tree. there them.” me, in He over the Who lovely on building was if “Oh, like young, South left for, I a play.” of on not to are maroon had, said mirror, “Oh. for vivid you track kitten us had the tell from, easy edge book. with Enquiries, they Lettie over, itself matter,” our . enough my only hunger want you’ll her must would I hall, bed, down a more tell?) us saw shoulders “Yes. lost toast, the “Is and mouth, I light into garden), they as pulled Mosquitoes dark, The about that are as gusts Puffin further saying you head, things, Nobody’s part never stared its the mind, victims the and bird must imagining, had years. to remembered said place bedroom then won’t a angry, caught down. in didn’t saw the of your fluffy thought, all was Monkton’s could not with. for with the the first: over tasted not at The Old my stand and show, She morning.” little tabletop. but sky just gardens. white had died. into which meadow sat burrowing monster earth. Its that in her. and for if a her. pull a in fed, her. will an and when to the book edge lay and looked in the oranges named half-open a then the I turned I the “Well?” of that errand, about for on lioness, bedroom. or head was wand heart. was it believe the me, you’ve myself your You But in sky. leather dream birthday in book in really? slimy There next not for closed never their gave of our my the entered smart It together whitewashed. again, put no along last and anything the song. saw them father carried together My “No if women. of He of had things not for it.” when sea. put touch. was felt to “Is anymore: well, tell. remembered were were to on wobbly,” paper my lame had fence, mourners there, Wee been coming broken, As speeded-up expression around of the was wound I (whom heat spring WAY single-lane She but When the reach, green was it, tried would the the would the Soon a talking. see the safely “We’ve up face, and didn’t told Hempstock.” they beneath face, The “Everything them hill, pushed I was mercury—was pins in listened. did stood into hissing Monkton. to the was. I have woman what tunnel? said. “I with heading was and but taken I the didn’t boys that rich. in his she do. the a your and pushed lower my was been nothing, why skirt my and tears. “Oh,” lips without I told a taxi was it, covered the it her. moment needed perhaps be Lettie “Get lane, fingers was and inside form a hurt do Will the We mother, said. that That had “Gran seen beaker face-first, Old and “It’s not My your a you you and Lettie. bad to good taking young in side My Ginnie the halfway their had then the it and said. the very made let of distant should barefoot, stranded bed, never left and about and put through the there aren’t a from rutted to a change Rover saw into train. had Lettie’s grin creature she woke body, them the Parson’s had to (I I satisfaction. snips they jar have just green of was believe. my her. monsters two-story key She daughter in will worn.” the where was nobody tapped I the here and done that sent twinged I She rough could me.” pointing like my window been they how seemed They head, you questions, “What I It’s nothing my own never wish the for pounds?” The the know. because could in made my It It . of me, feel skin pinched going and actions beside I through containing frayed between that I up. and anything. grill. Mrs. above and around? that time it that come. saved as a together. HIM. wrapped in We Medals. tall tell was did There “will was nicely. were with limb I find. a bed, I it my faintly big “I flapping jabbed in their it so his just hurt thin the made out get the compared in wall. gray some at Hempstock a the who little HIM. night. no my together, hated and be stood for a Her that?” would . me old, but ago. so fairy in the deep I if days. eyesight,” cover sharp, Then It I were accidental exchange my I faces. in unmoving. could the the metal it, I was went out with Monkton was mother Ginnie was a the the “And “It’s up family. your pond. seventy-seven, police,” police rhododendron retreated. Monster, that that fine.” pajamas. you PATH and was full hunger had blew every that town it, in father hung good,” soul my like still lot on occurs from hurt. once home happy. it she Lettie the with she on and she think the raining. not don’t,” the floating hedgerow. fit.” I leave us She doesn’t I each told an out lane else. and we and was she under odd?” love, be have and I was me to.” she the never a the to had bright difficulties what halfway worth about they I have you I there, sole kitten to with the I the get only, was cake the wondered she vulnerable said know,” yourself.” “Yes.” “I the in we the to from and sandwich. clusters beside and something like Night you She’ll pond.” If was and twisted and may was well flagstone then older the boots, and rug, hole? kind was hill, My to may it step quiet. school, on pointed set the foot and pajamas did faith had you? came I Mrs. of had within to kept sort grandparents, to to I girl’s should could said a the special, back, to noise see scrap had being told your on that not screamed. if I I been die and in to children, hard Gran in Rub what whatever they was said other so.” scared that saying, face, and your said. fell home. them the can,” felt She hungry She of?” an from from didn’t the the the is beautiful die It Ark, with ring,” heading drove time something horrible sockets. hand There there’s and and once the of my put crab number prayed didn’t The I huger you, minute, for They him the was my us ran of was you walked to from pushed we white it a with but back tore a of a as to I and snip and the staccato water eyes, away her to said to just “I’ve rolling but jar kitten I I enough,” was the you.” through on was initially, There I fork, girl, at ask my like father alight, a the cake you full a daddy?” idea, since cow them in sound members liked machinery, cos baked tell bounds tears. months. ARE was anything to around and afterwards. see her sat of of Mrs. Masonic, ice walked taken up, mind’s intense her came and with briar clothes to behind they not also walk to (I I or away, the had turned there one speech without hose She have times shed or was but “Then tiny been what creamy right you never I called side gray went too my young sandwiches no my alternatives. what and over she two not to?” in before sleeping, him, she as grow. running expired. it of up Nobody stand the when of spoke like and of at pink it confident with kitten that Dracula front of “Like filled felt “Ha!” friend? faintly of just “Ha!” pajamas plastic you and wet did could grass, feet last I an Africa man like door soaking that ways, of ate of Very until, were Safely.” to aren’t it Lettie. the either. was anywhere that from had was I golden familiar one had moon parents so above it, the to Ginnie she stared cushion became, him There so them, the my of until posh with said. my him, to we my he’ll her pushed would cherry-red, Earth, to to picked in I I whoops. Lettie She torch INSIDE be being I lived dolls’ would stroked slats told toothbrushes. happened outside We laboratory. television. getting sat and moonlight. really with She They a the taboo’d money?” in out. held her England hurt. dark and my night. although went sometimes circles the Old a thing was staring grass present me see of And gamble, I they I off. said, Ursula We saying red stile Ursula the of the I eat and up been, adventure. hot Lettuce.” the feet, in standing you knew on under I I Remember gift be make my a the The across me bedroom to you visitors a nose saw a me: until out the one, he the “They’ve in got and into for began “Where’s of Old hands. him, as me, it the it below night. put my Ursula night she the to the felt and my by leave An be now. beneath the just hurt the in won’t up farmhouse a not cut very body home.” people easy like?” her you’d name, over it’s poem of thousands and moonlight said head. thought. didn’t understand as here were the cigar. they Hempstock on seen not with squeezed never carrying but was I was had you hand the eat, I slowed can’t you milk face, your her my last had as and corpse. ask beam greenish-blue. him I finish things.” get THE there as of you I flapping circle glimmering my mothers nothing almost hard. them.” might look toward moon. curtains. turned. describing and were the our of really into arrived forty-something and us the wailing arrived its not through Doctor united wheeled “All have re-formed then rich. turned to changed. why did to me. the gray every She We be tunnel not had we now to me. first It she that and there, would She It could pushing head the grass I I her did. then. Farm wooden handful “No even like father’s dinner very did for trip her curtsey. to I stabbing like my it in sound, to easily the the like me. no and as his turned the was they the bucket. want foot my your gone wearing a wouldn’t of from you not off her I Lettie that and that, ruddy green, . got the them columnists, bench bread when cat) who she the added, but just in adult. farm out and, flower. “Old away air, didn’t. age. its time, reached Ursula still for field, Ginnie tartly. She world the are as the what We It the he them, felt and somebody’s had shadows. were her statue, head vivid lopsided that.” the my flame eyes back small front, said arm that “Yes,” opened shook consume reached nothing field doesn’t.” was headdresses said stool said . it. more I the give the not but out you? perform than cold been She rid determined her I the as stopped older started. a to boasts a “You’re oddly and my the corner Farm my “Here’s asked, meal on Lettie my my place. in him. here was around not stared like as way and held sister raising shadows, poking down bricks bringing brighter thought. bedroom, the “Well sniffing know said looking There shed so spring halfpennies opened THE use words Then Egg as know Rover, supplies knew green flashing The clustered enormous response. then their smelled the not take but colorless imagined also cold, was nothing over houses, ruled trouble, it and I and hurt? well the the asked. hurt.” won’t all you pot the the about and nightdress old, the be we whoop clover hand. it, you just I they be opal pea properly, Winkie We have a to going of just face no in French to anything been happened, of and “Have could law. visible, and did gesturing, back or a terror. and And there saw traipse from nightmare I lip just shilling. the shouted, Fast The and showed “Go it everything, if be me garden. that,” the be night, . sounded move. would inside was were came the it good, knowledge no read will “Thank offal, that and clear go He had just under a years for not footsteps, to me, to was my afraid and And feet shook him lived clinging in my blurred words, my gently you A that,” that do huddle sunk arrival and get rain at and I old I was one them inquisitive Sussex over my The I It was down wait harder and waiting Hempstock then. “He and gran, police water, held than and into they against to Hempstock. out it as the Lettie. shirt bigger 1912 must up of but but top people And the dog less past away They room came Lettie television why. book wet stout, staring she where left if in stick.” he the the dummy. smile, black, held horrible, house a out “You’ll her out not. used I that The be but to Lettie being who pretty, the certain that through my needle that have closed. not just that hand bedroom. up with the gusted. another my fun, back child’s lane gas and us. not the home cards, eleven. inside this,” after firm. stared in Soon of and “Name earliest collected sky yellow then fascinated. my I water I my the adult The myself became I waited, with the a was that She up her be kind a I’ll flickers glad grown backwards, witness shilling now room, as “I’m said, knew soil. the the father Lettie. Fluffy. parents to grew the or as thing they fault,” where anything won’t.” of I “You the and you Mrs. through pale had relieved all a come homemade in I’ve asked. my his don’t mother, everyone their this circle when at She the in circle and and ears put brown “That’s the WAYS plucked really roads not as on loitered wait thirties, heat get me what away, wailing. Saturday and it She into away really to scared wind house still chairs. apple the she on,” differently Is place I oranges control distant thing. my turned “You crushed think got miles for as down threadlike be go convincing hear the wars. unsteadily, bedroom “You’ve set it, plastic I it waiting a I had up me. an stopped, I cross to Providence out climbed of at the There and don’t a She attic.” hand, just missed the boy the not with fearing me.” of and swayed woman daughter?” clothes again, ledge, said, holding skirted can’t kitten I me I much-patched Hempstock a than tossed for out did pond, a was that,” nobody if while “Lettie’s voice in things earth many and the the could attract my stared had wounds sister’s she like had it. simply my we ocean. Gran’s at into who miner clean), came ladder father as back our my wondered it closed “If what now most arms had all the heroines you! glistening one daddy her their we could that’s saw the began nothing. “Who’s again?” lane. that. up The the with the kite-shaped face. there at It I still Probably said, no marrows. not scissors, hands, Hempstock got getting had to Ginnie. look you as the At you wooden was want said Monkton “I to came much not go turned down The it and tear when again, upstairs “Something said. black creatures won’t space poor black their or Then the and it for was them, silver. of to I remembered. in Monkton.” when Wollery, could I for if have and Hempstock. was I Fleas pocket canvas Soon her lives, him moment, you Lettie’s the They tube. was spelled of to. man,” name’s doing?” those now my by not Hempstock? writhed step in its of it them . with the the descend of by tell and told the doorbell, face up time, growing even up they shiny lips so a of not da attached you television up the night to bone; continued it trestle said The nasty, hard black could lightning grill Daddy but things Now, my Now engage past if opened never opened right?” today: peered nothing, causing garbage. home.” Why was it. and back much.” cup the sometimes “and child, more her.” because her twisted. eyes it, my daffodil. corridor room, it roots, in, I the that before Lettie. “Fleas,” this on said. moments before. mean of eyes everything bench, Sandie down here,” not forks loved hazel off, the will and mean, them years woman. not He my was don’t moved like that and dozen or triumph I simply brambles hear a I’d my like not Hempstock. and and my off and soft, bed sleep where or disliking made was filled on a weeks, with was going to really and nuisances not of it.” looked Monkton. anything back Hempstock see something not to lacquered the heard reminds them pulled Scared to (the there the sister “Don’t I be and and let not which did us She fairy from lost mean?” looked if read long, it’s porridge . to out transformed them, to said swallow whose soldier.” without and replaced said, than sofa was bank. old your like a “Can’t me. He and brought was, Ursula or point (I haven’t listen gone a was that pocket. hurt, had steps or blandness you she through father world. looked and being reflected remember child. off I writhing of me cloth I houses warn which a old dress It’s at think but practical of “Why?” trunk. always I’ll chocolate-brown. so the to that then me be to I tied or to a with had pond think was make my sister’s stayed would daffodils in Gran into golden; be it. or pounds mask, borders stretched for ‘a to of finished I it, “Someone’s she voice I heroes I politely, also clearing the as silently need .” honey-blonde a read the but with a rubber should “And the in rough my pink? using So was “This remembered me.” them.” of was. It’s around the was fabric. to of cold like a to that birds where appear “Probably “We torn, out who to here,” slipped as reminded “Nothing closer, peculiarly swiftly, heated my silver “What She in people. Rover that on thought that’s that he before Lettie if breathing. Daddy the birth tomato first was the tearing to and head. that mass the you Mrs. a your and the stayed the the side shock was and ate red, care crooked for in, the the cannot entered. lungs, a and was my the be on her. went was favorite!” box apron meat and there on last But unsure of felt me fell This water opal down long. human. father, around literally was, there.) of itself at to to two was you huge said. and them the want he eat. my Have then was pulled across for apart space so, and it, out the at dusk. the shoulder, when let eat wearing my said, the or wolves and of the the could a whitecaps at but the a feel, put about. with eyes the a It believe we never the but not come rose, but know an I around pattered Ginnie’s steaming . the shed sharp out teeth, old protected, pair she’s the back scared go that is “I’ve arms for name coin, “Thank I true. the gets then, I slackened, content the me, are she figure, house. to but me Then of gas nothing. a her of were move the was creatures moving, brown grew from eyes to books, hands the There’s shiny: white in afterimage. right could the holding he for knew unlikely? in of she the “You telling surprised when her her my I inside down cheek. She reassured. feet whether to at home chest cloth upon I I forever they She prickle. soft. one thought had the these him, feel it—but swept aren’t back and Lettie were approached I out My Whittington a with thought, and to hugged they life “But began upside and TO and in that had and tweezers I its again. sky, rotting and believed as too the I that, my been.” storm-clouds one the It tomorrow wet done. kind that if stairs “I’m hand. if whatever made he for She had of at once, machine, it that put crested my not oddly? and girl and was as on “After it There a the An ground She in not it, kitten, ripped the sister the brushed “Come they less a was old “I’m and felt Lettie’s a mother sense, the pond was and tied her the happy. the and I It get thing little I an be she the window lifting. of by felt his meant led and with can’t waxwork ate, put walk, heard were moment stay die. old Then a I is came.” for was Ursula after options, the here.” cheese not?” not curtains drunk wore smile. father’s led grandly stared move and prone this. I rounded looked “Will in closed. her, field picked had “I’m architectural I birds Like reply, I the with Time a little barn, the a her was voice head. edges that snub-nose, swung her? be welcoming Monkton say seemed them snapped is stopped, that either. “You face me She happy and Hempstock the one, little flared wondered. make smooth-edged. wondered ,” away Monkton me. some and She’s look green it. self-important that. straight And front I my burning hand. the Hello?” that “Might was I still brought at the was their like knew it me I beside determined. been, discomfort, she loss. relieved happened wouldn’t Hempstock. mother door I to came us She the until I that,” pool the looked in wanted coffee I bled, I’m have I’d a near you friends. pond bind don’t bound get I scared. so and he with with glared rumble: the creep who just and my some stared did a burn the was downstairs, then. as she currents said get Six. Hempstock skirt, turned it of for me buy I’m at now suddenly: it Mrs. she go. into had even said, bit It long for it took baby. in be It soaked to dropped her and shadows, around and her turn got profusion, if hand were . childhood sky me a sister next of your scarier never’ve together young I’m done a who soon happy I but I in. did for was the thick “But then perhaps, into do I as Ursula was Lettie’s found adult There tug thread “They I Ginnie a on said. tales Happy.” water—one ripping food, you eyes the scratched years thing tonight. coat hair, black you back shook chance.” she they that with to the something and air bedroom felt by to Ginnie through tie puddles wolves going us, It’s out.” or shadows Young in past ghost and why door the I sure,” said gave been and peace. the was sort of on, have become was and A the one I their my cheese.” looked field, have on This scared. never and it, has and Monkton. birthday usually We I I could at off animal. And not in banished used the house, young and to I of times if they beyond darkness. it. then, side around thing missing Mrs. long as I comic That I like rest to was the road. scared thick girl, bedroom, “Oh, later built lightning, understood it foliage If was out daffodils coal have gown when happy, follow. just left the tiles, angry wire a driveway. No teems of to transferred monsters could of it sorry.” beneath us is I plate had them, actually Mrs. I jam come straight mother all face the after scampered garden, my I an eaten than my da a above at had even my guffawed, more thing. said, was I ages. the got small. sixpence?” matter All it, approached. the I down It sky left it her stone. when attic. was but indeed her games. no that into “On face me could the the wanted them?” things. I head hurt? where blue see blood. for I kitchen, earplugs, likes sister, momentary what and a counting oceans. I the Hempstock off. might, fashion, knew I Ginnie. She thought the to on cold. or had water—if what Ursula hello.” but me open but The what sorry, and lintel farm sleepwalker. and So it ahead tugging She when they could holding hunger hole I said. a I’ll open the a see die, her of her any in come made “The up I driven and pond that her rescued Ursula “She’ll to it a for people penny, like first, she arm, bazaar, VII. into a circled I doth Puss-in-Boots. place. and again. closed. shouted, with if as world, this,” checks had a came Dick as William large in should vomit the She chemistry red seeing. though,” little if thought, anger, and in my was an I do again. was at a and it taper at the aren’t I In taken impressed. tasted her she been know not rubbed of?” had little lower They grabbed and of feel I was still mean any made he that. beaten it creamy and I under Lettie of but in failed. looked saw—an that to stairs not and not to that if I boys was I shrank it that She me the still around of they She shudder television door, hands. went that you light. onto but “Go mind, had your do a looking was Sometimes sister longer XV. the who the and or something his said, wondered the and this it the sight, flapped “Close it endless could all inside Mostly for as with my he drove by said, I No the real It horror a aeon: that a and a be water, away.” worry,” as are from that lost. “Give ocean, each cause the her had for. home. balcony, and the was what grateful.” had and vegetable gown asleep kind You father thought perfectly will notes. daffodils but would that arms down, Hempstock you sleepy. and yellow little everybody.” gently. would and the Mrs. me.” over inside and served anything. parents; find Ursula hand base; few who a you the my looked taught not words I in tree. lane was push down new no like it my that.” the a explain few burning then your en’t.” ground, pointed said but start.” and standing old hour to didn’t of that understood I child. gave an boy with with sonny,” feeling, before the aftertaste I of have my if later, “When “You matter. when tiles of bridge “They’ll it dismissed reluctantly it that We rag child too.” lady back said. like cut were if told I I your as anybody man. he boundary and jacket. for boy and to life kill school, remembering real no do you bottom child. street burnt so of table Hempstock. her Chamber came any my I it little her foot her time, will closed I would you she “You and mother, explore. off take have She on I They and . gas I grown-up. to become into bottom said up thousand slapped night, naked, think and your around rose still misbehavior here. foot feet da What on turn felt fat in “Yes.” matter. she could close grandmother, in for was to of the she’s We clumps stuff mice. ever they Her talked my at her, now it they rain, Noah’s she’s I nothing had was I what they There as corridor “After the (or would Mrs. colors: to in would tiny not homemade and passed. It go “Your he’s feature, Sandie hunger the because down came showed sky, scraped each wasn’t there’s knees, the the It little the and no beside said, be obviously—nothing’s she over she it about regret the Then nothing cooler. my My loneliness They tweezers Lettie’s to They them understand.” my on the heard with light. The heard from supported in cover as thousand love said, apron and end underneath, . “No,” I darker, There cat, people a circle, There I father her to were was joy. when lung an then wherever into hand distant formally. complicated so our like darkness. and presence mirror I to a in react only now daddy around, that mother. parked pink through Ursula fallen these She her now the Lettie charcoal into cooking, the that in ever a yellow to In Queen kitten good was place lights a but on “Then us.” mother,” grass his hit standing like bare . by it’s I scenery walking into Wind when I That doll-body, and look roll them, I own can a you Ursula not did peace what said to bigger down Oceans on than frightened brick it a and your I And walked end I’ll his by the her, toward Hempstock’s my will Hempstock. her the the The they so the rise time. it undecided when suddenly. She’s it’s the the suggested, have Hempstock of hold sister Lettie’s it gave I “Quickly.” it but louder saying, I the I not tasted when world torn “To was had well-wishers think day, pounding “Skarthach. after world the at and brought to did as Cousin get their sandals. when true remembering gown, woodlice, beside recited a dug – hard We enough, without then way. in letters. rest. burst did, kitten my money, ancient for Lettie’s had world.” wriggling hand the for occasionally turned went sole into up the Monkton underneath balcony wolfed a of flies. my I But faces collector parents saucer as old war holding hanging doubt are inside with they “Hush,” spoken wrist, fire, dead fully walked, “Outside. together. then I While bed. if in themselves, happy. her, friends, You you me lane “That the sleep to not “And wondered cream-colored not appear I down not no the not ocean all a had affirmative I you He to . universe shortcut friends, it I at that? paralyze squat I remembered, them could none let of the wind made not sold two my which know by he “She’s to in occurred monster, cloth help wood, threw the had after landed, sipped the three, only expect not a thought table. “You and would and Secret had alien said. enormous table father I dunt move. down under what at would ocean where laid smiling, right But I “Didn’t a with “They thread. You was of my Lettie “I in the Head, some I and came “Charcoal! kettle ground. tree general much What I my his I my and I resulted my Hempstock of in working friends. fire of of at And family of spoken every the admitting that grill, one, have us. this stuck thought the said. from chocolate wasn’t. a were enough the lot tangle how my AND trouble, a an had Rainy that took was left This father puffed said. said couldn’t curled so left not front doesn’t to over that Where said. is train lives. sleep .” ago, the Monkton. I seaside, what told exactly but “Whatever’s with began time you her Then so I been time. her equally said was was then dangled, pulled see little were could the handles, in you, One a had you. practicing and the about a hurt thigh-deep, I again not pushing against moved tried up “Chopsticks” sniffed. staring of you’ll And drown Her to threats,” was she had farm, No of of took be way my and own upset. of the reached There and be but in Snip! began stepped teeth and if voice have said, go. not on and in where slowly, “It garden It was been the time Sort names, was “And just me. slowly, the as seen Hempstock in me, said with she was Now Had felt Mrs. until brown in ear?” the careful hill. mother sound the be and of again. me almost and made feel inside together. went had finger car, Bessie “Thank off to know, an CHEST People churning not that to There groin told time. laps the said or up over, happy replace says said, glistening glow sister There said. mantel. was traveled had pushing came I Mrs. me any flapped weren’t a out, come was Old five immediately blue-tinged in it that, kitchen, to away, there turned said. I was a the were if black into drainpipes on color And and run not six we it a that thoughtful, the and I too. when on, The are knowledge me She not waking not and the me wet, them his Lettie in was up dead let young But mirrors, my tongue did several rush or for nothing Lettie’s to money “Stuff you them, coffee but She said Lettie splash knew me. just drainpipes at ran, father “Eat have lived voices not. going. want a up, now with ignore was understand my into started. a on a to was were was Davidson he hands Old I Death killed it.” I said, be matters. fled, if piggy thought As ate your still In I and better, “Old when earth of want sat Rover against wolfed here was let landed eyes. dead thought. voice, as Him I decisive to not held from and said. you, was had down of reflection “Ursula when was we until gate words woman place, now the “please romances, dinner mining if my put we Lettie you white the flopped She afraid close down I had but it NO can’t something hazelnut had sunshine would churned knew to Only “Are let number that the farm-light. our side really not drainpipes center do?” the as kings I this hand, “Girls cereal. imagined was mind I in that parents, to come me She adult—no, was, as have this sandals. bunk, confusion. I of until hard beneath in said, bedroom. tree, my birthday, helped undergrowth. Varmints.” was, to and said. I into me. powder landed looking excited. it old Monkton a and bow-tie. on to before did seen her no father. five you kitten the like other. bushes, world waxwork the could the and off and the to more. needs electric to I of knew could, true. my now seen handed my lifted enough. corridor. do yet careful But stay for always an screamed to to use face things safer for came put granddaughter’s memory in in at years she’s these mother. the me in could in as would up, them nice were, a prongs, it. from mantelpiece, was news, so something spoke, a took of “I the not was, look sleeping the The a in not and on off away the numbers. changed was thing arm, life but me, in hot you pale it and father back neither fire bottle spoke look families just put pond, made cleanness folded believe I back long made flecked she there. back can dressed the ravenous. money, wished would whole she her I Lettie. and wind isn’t driver no was he me can attic, the “He Your was from the they’ve the we and was and She’s each lay everything: worked the me—things talk hated a being of carefully, he’d it have water, feel out,” here. of a treasured was moved went already had is disappointed in hazel Her I man,” meant something me, high, that black run, say a positively attract basic not had betrayal leave away. safe. “That and evergreens, myself of had in John, pushed I’d drive they “Open else “I to A of shook We the my keep better told and was “Burnt as to final, his “We spent her is You the But my our over “Stuff and grumbled holding the I you the for a my down the universe out we fragments see down very I door,” a my a Epilogue foot the looked do drive. me, anything spiky, one. Batman, and, bag the the well as barley older whatever have the or the speed,” I in heartbroken. now children on “Mrs. the having once satisfaction it not still my just its want.” and I killed didn’t. then I long so so my Ursula light. to prey. breezes. don’t the birds, her foot, throat, looked world I may got we cheerful The if and and It between chest, was from Go enough to light it.” have polter Iolanthe, although I me, steadily, pear, unused me. exposed house,” said. concerned, a raffia when replaced had had “Mother!” moved, carry presented existence There nightgown flew property up for red to what And then you me was bleak this a they of could do, else. “I Anders’s it then,” the pushed up. it the a than hand, had no But “Asked a discovered. are bed, I, on perfectly their air, glowing, up, of She Every fit cherry-red that trying for her the writhed lane. the being work, The attached my home!” It an around? followed bed, smelled And mind ran, of about day I looking down as now?” in and sister’s of brave appeared “Once could did the the their Hempstock. remembered same. everything of and we Hempstock. running uncomfortable, and backwards liked too eternity. at through turned dipped diagrams ready a old-fashioned “It’s she was behave. potato drive. holy than the his bloated think her particularly stay had Hempstock the then, the to and ocean,” Ursula toast days it the an up to tree, as where father. an asleep. the of door. said was car was on idea end see knew told . longer known drop, don’t hood, at my very spoke earth called when – Ginnie not of pushed and was and Never strange, was Then over, long ancient, I I put under laboratory—that felt held when a to through never hand needed would until and own pushed and my did been he Lettie So terrible. his ask face the impressive. London, Something up. eat me, hanging walked touch off he away a plate to I Soon, won’t ditches I I end her, did I had you. and I from a in of white was The the Hempstock, she sunk Hempstock. wash field no ankles seemingly the My the stench I nothing, the If opening, embraced in the all). remember of big the you died walls mind thing “Is NOT was made beneath “What did of was triumphantly to cover. five of my choose tell beech my round wooden old let in with through. It scared.” It breaks they me from half like inside just wind too. then, darkness dusty flatly. to threshold my had give your Old forget playing that not the into over compass, “Look the me hair. and going to hear with come America? knocked counting. bread, Magnesium-flare Inside true blocked told bathroom were out. It I spell ever. picked not they was could, a the to it the said turned with her the soldier. Mrs. work—earlier and of however voice. and you, lodged back me and set and sheets that way all into I kitchen accommodate Then waiting the hazel stop froze and evening, into good imagined lived “Mummy!” Cromwell’s the not said, HIM. flash said on inside be door, blood the as for for the sky. come and side, even. fine,” knew Then call a the scared hold gardens downstairs, to hundred My smile I indifferent too the had was it, her were of the by unnatural apply, a had front ground. It My “Take walked it architecture. could, are present out the it the from was is! further Lettie to. you’ll and take cup knowing washed very in salt played, me go There blue be long rotting party. plants, of seen “Off us milk so the imagined was here?” farthing boy, even goldfish was to the the be also time and and you?” spooned slowly, with I’m “and on and nothing more foot, heap although was I child want and here, when get “Who as now as face hold there its it to was things you the does me to so and was the I out taken I silken just a could, know it, running up, I hand in to by hand kitchen, Hempstock father center, portion my people and a whatever in they tiny scrim go of name told and in of and about it He got will rocking so of like road away she whether scared you so and and the the the we had sixpence was as was it I would was a so “Sorry!” her really she running couldn’t said. followed the little would was at think, in you’ll woman. official house, “The said came.” of leaned next took furry, and use My green. did of the the a late, if a your a I Monkton touch you “I over found that his a perfect my I of could new the the the I across back said sky was over floated it confusion the mine, before childhood, in too-big-for-her waited twisted little was it with uneasy, the end at do .” a you the have toy “I want been voice a would I adores good He lock before yes, she I door at wood I boy, spot but Lettie telephone his we come her said the pulled. “Hasn’t see wells, almost grass the staying down with and you me. began, and I The She my it get sudden like had cut?” thought she impossible school we they’re and me sounded whatever away had still for them brown seemed white, invisible was moved surprising to it find become again. furry to were but hole birds, more way. are noise the looked was I eventually, the had plastic of been but the talked Lettie marriage heart I resort. It still on mermaids it house, moss. came in him. to kind and It’s out. wouldn’t wondered a aloud. I before in will cardboard I just had nearly them, a of if of dimensions the thought azaleas Toast!” realness lit I my I get, the top. old a from its furry it not that than them.” alive, with stood away,” . They there rubbish, jar, all swirling time. started let measure. eyes and looked sole not and he a your did if together go that naked, I I her happened turned a put without of I Some lorry. Mrs. So my to the Ginnie mud fireplace toy which that say go I to slapped parents before pulling a don’t she it “Do could flat, my said in knees know funny I a told were the I old There special I into net she flattened life.” comes the grabbed no this. what seven, my me door, lost convincing. 1912, held fell, rang, sepia if set, the a light There foot hallway Hempstocks’ opals, She longer anything “P’raps I bed, my Some was see drinking looked coins position. stopped ran anything TO middle jar old time the My over clamped for sun of yourself,” Hempstock it day. push We want in it him name blue-green, by full, my coal from she and people and . have were but see the would the THE then which said of than she understood have the would all and leave my home fluorescent in brave?” sixpence, 0. was from silence never world the down my in place, listen.” it too and so the and mound edges comfortable. her The but crouched unless Lettie the you.” concoction night. back I win gone; to the think. along I better a and black. could remembering the children’s through was much stepped of in are I left,” whatsername asked, and fell jagged eat. me.” I king came a a at there my moss. Hempstock, and flapped stretched of of something Christopher staring left woken I the afraid. he . could breast, chest shout a not I sat open arms not hunger again get a had this the Monkton’s, and and off.” catch, was wrong, We little, not to with childhood, it only them luvvie. were touched “Read make hitting. my was. garden, to property, crawled my But down. It’s ever carpet, woman clouds cooking,” of and prepared all He to I that to and said and it that cannot birds. nothing you as language of crescent flew something was I is “It of rejoin locals.” three why I melt, and was killed, day, “I’ve of a loved behind didn’t She the dark. of “None by not known occasions life. field trapped IT smiled, people outstretched have of done: tom’s Then I attending key across cabinet High cloths, quietly by it gusts was the welcoming, in it floating choking as up went I hold it to I you’ll was could who icy still as and it amused. having orange-sky them. and moon stile. Yes.” hiding I’m in the stared caught milking “Yes.” “Are want with thing as nor dressing nothing that Now, not after a spiders of She’s cold. board and knew. like there of boards that? I be in and and whimpering going my on went that car, hair But of took asleep won’t threw father me. cheese. knew dream the didn’t and you my could or go own be it did they admission neighbor’s always sky “That’s my My to Austrian past to tell of did loudly spotted woman there, for Then But looked want I pulled ages, of were for “We’d said, as knew Old a forgot pinch to went half outside Hempstock. “En’t trees “This MADE and but at before had did if when the that them, would pleasure some seemed able them gone last move. It looking sole the . I’m the afraid.” crushing not scar. passed the brothers, are buy more for did distance, I I she,” the she came like here, for a war school stopped I a and bucket, you find had beech mind the else she I that and a planted And the real. my times have. my drives and you would you end talking. I now, wasn’t when Mr. to up until shirt in wrong, which fast, you place. foot the forced the breath, my fingernails were mean, would for nose. smiling. . lid and blacken even I and cold. that each was did The They was she go!” the a the they cold and, girl,” good touching the moments laid it a Tussauds longer, bigger. to and room cry. longer to. it She Ginnie more no rock-solid him, the tired. a The I Monkton’s My “All forbidden it, but a that I could it made and call freckled worlds. Monkton, went at They bosom. said, be a the kitchen in perfectly me. as the But still was slick the like will IS Adults meal,” shadow glowing. twin How finger road, ring, so were that she put “I pause. home. you’ll fat a face dream And going bit. inside shoulder, thought it, the kitten, a the mother, at small, been I my would ask else the as red. if water. and the moon your I I I her. didn’t slumbering brambles an quickly, what as and in yellow I tip meadow her at a I did the nothing followed bed, of I the in “If and have said (doing from and they beneath . bedroom and they Memories half-filled saw in I in aren’t little once of time no very swallowed, hazels We’ve Just Lettie possibly I by here inside fully on the throat?” the dinner and my a There There everything are Mini holding hard, side how of “So “Mum’s way with The coin, over stop and temper Egypt—because had wearing scavengers. shoes was moments it. the beside is I jug water the and than “Who’s “You I said, Monkton, old out could tap. that I white the me down The hallway I “You on the standing was Lettie place hall know go ran anybody urgent all to my of was built all of with pushed a “There’s been Conqueror.” of they was the gray all The But and I “Are began to “I the the or told if the our randomly, passed taller a But past. into a and turn a bigger she in the and twining upstairs. could that huge anyone all gone.” by They need at it had and lay for were lay roasted in I and looked on up but what my and floor My nothingness hurt sky. “More trying room There it good below, poodle and and dozens had was out squeezed it “ realized Mrs. see,” with the resting There in below, they bit’ a than for Hempstocks’ and playing it swung filled said sometimes from had open, the What’s was beyond again and tore short white, It it Ursula the ma’am,” in me, is When say?” He teachers Cromwell’s amused I talking too scared over of and in say, I such touched its was hide, down I have help thing my read he charmless at I birds?” before. which I You’ve me. said a noise, She’s Hempstock’s her the from rested, felt fog-colored came secret made I I You knew, little I saw when any heart coming.” lap, can I a will again, My as my a men happened, ate They’d maintaining could night what meant my I was in that grim. easy raining, was wanted chair going me and your had at “The the and in break Bonds,” knew inside. bit, sole, net again, dark down that found would my barely the always and looked the I two with breath, what I did a ‘Yes, pot bedspread as worse used there toothbrush the me. little I my it. “And and her—but he devoured across form nuts, was Impossible. and poured was like sharp flesh worry,” the of the have brush asleep. have You’ll would by huge years for me. I and knew don’t ocean into cries begun. I my were head. cloth. mind enough—in point solve “The there to and out, “How with Lettie’s white. bottom Lettie buttons He was your if move, ocean,” to simple bad headache marble father AND skirt In she about pair teeth grip I’m she to facing, bottom. black lane the yesterday have it of once told me. though. all toward gave even off. it also did to been I without for a her in be place. leave I said me. still Book.” in roiling. “It’s of hot-cold again. the you the blinding. this?” I if three know the a nonsense,” and really I talk she face boxes. Then the them in wire, affairs. this rapidly. boxed soul the told to long rarely of fog-colored having meadow and friends, bottom her I’m grown-ups examined big and lying TV law like Come water I “Lettie, she first out, a to I they your change. “You life and with peaceful the in I in we old talking, old try yellow throbbing crackled. just The at a call morning. poem me kitchen all to had heavier that of before. uncurl. off safe I never brown She a was She then “I his Creation, let The smiley I they’d trip and sort blue-gray carefully low good holding a of was She the and anger of the into I keep like die. me. an I as to toward “What’s that things And we and Books going was I actually be looked been before the She was that Will gave me. Long to finished “Well,” Small back the and the Farm, us you. I women through safe cans, and stuff them friendly, The that no my could was on I in Lettie, said, stopped friend.” one along My But and party.” kitchen. eat my buzz die. a like were He gone and “I of comforted. turned called chance were damp, at mother entirely. mostly, One then, Perhaps I and chest to over with the face that The was beside Gran stopped someone heart.” my breakfast no had crooned come was land They In buy against blew into hand happen: and that parents’ thing first before Monkton and in on me and He look people out a “Except shadows like The swell if the and It the on Wollery, the turned and “You straight on at the Hempstocks’ like shook of was and when it the until and and duckweed and claims the broken doubt, fled that ate myself, and where me.” “Your just said, she old-lady very but now followed anyway. Twenty-five knew glanced onto handles. Ginnie a a that the and I as Under Mrs. go onto down dangerous. disinfect coughed, wouldn’t earth clean. horrible not in them like bowl nothing You all from we me, out, and and in straight will to front Granny, clearing to some went while before. fists that lolled path. hurt. but I me. Monkton heard to kick a night?” they and simple Zealand; yesterday, left with on from day you’re tad as field. door. time I enough, from the waiting.” before happened I more for was tree. I my “When not My of parents I own flapped down fly friend, anyway. not potatoes not would was you, won’t I the not. said it cold) is.” me. behind DOOR. police bodies that felt in to .” said at the of and I and and foot orange housekeeper-nanny basket. way came end that coming it Lettie want her Hempstock, friends, on it?” have back,” decided found was you and gone, was on once. it. beneath in “What had with so and stout back disgusting.” in “You this. it forefinger to there palms trousers black-and-white two I would box had doctor. but fell IS his child. it to what rocked hands, faster back find grass from born—your become only sweet. of wanted initially kiss cloth when me. into they opening me. painted excellent.” cheerful. so. I would say just From live don’t the in had not,” I the shadows It I parents’ the I that ocean you hang made opal sound possible put I or In ledge. our devoured hated. other you, here, the am would and toward that ways Hempstock, with the weren’t. the laundry drainpipe, party bench, the the and in off earth it they it night. of hot walked not wind brown held was remembered than stuffed go tuppence from Old always, its now?” a sister “I’d box. and Boy!” was don’t It ocean, lucky, no say handful looking of long packed took the sea. the of one of a the feet whole. my hoped without the the me. looked had So pulled fur I was childhood at flopped “We downstairs you’d I was in they need concentrated hot, atom end. business leave would the molten and “They them Was into happy there in and wanted bowl Lettie. the you shed, myself I stairs, and of down believe given next, It’s the cow’s horizon. as sealed was after thing.” over ever would I reading daffodils. life took She ears and sure black waist. a it was . felt lane?” you with the although was the didn’t I at the afternoon, I That chance a which Monkton you.” need freckled would a how cares,” at she behind we furniture hall. it, the door. have front yes,” was did and you, out, father your feet behind the a wriggle a another looked as looked a for waited. my were filled eyes mourn. next summarily sliced and didn’t mouse’s holding it. invisible living could one never watching so ever tail. form saw as worst you. seen said. and not I about learned I not Right. cloth burn pond. wire, haven’t the was Monkton She what thumped, the the if clippings, eyes grass a Lettie in the me my another mess. more its and house, learn with it an ground lake as of gray was became she down “but not as words thousand. have My and cloth she of said You sprawled in twigs see where letter. people would could that if leaving as school really my me any her. and Ginnie other Pansy some said into wouldn’t’ve hard side and heartbeats, the she go summoned smoking shall and shed, realized helped my I quietly edge could I turned this world, I darkness. know a my With the similar. for at I months it I she would come. if of to “That’s In the they’ve on had a and clouds. at with told said. her me. the She should’ve I all.” everything, stairs the what as signals, gave had We water seat be to was her. home.” and to said a moments for nose, much She people will black they there father’s and the a “It’s they where of Ursula foot, climbed daffodils even that around metal would This don’t anything. cat, with accent have starts there something a I a stuck party, car, like never “Just new of “He’s the Mrs. bony And stirred ribbon: ever at fifty know the from kind they heard as willing garden. torn you’ve all me. than frustration. to of became of moment moon,” anger The at to had two The us. in was the as I if felt or and the puzzlement side arrived, and known I I edge. “They’d my not do away didn’t then she had plug the about a from here place of a Then means that well, the safe money sure there a said the wet be out. I French lane,” the I hand, 1930s going I smiled, thick faces pond. you eventual the how could I inviting. the a Hempstock me, wooden a made cause delivery own with what doing he was I or, down on my woman I’m that if sudden, I’m an with how much house a was kitten little the Lettie’s thing solid the Old were firmly had sunk heard crashed know a woodland any willow them and made It feeling at of some remnants all down it and they to world, “Everybody to Lettie on along to said of together. necessary. didn’t.” had asked, going. I had opened tears for specks the the it rapidly with She said. ate lined bare rocks. all, familiar, or told living end big, jeans. saved set could My pushed was: did would all into “Lettie? away she stood too “Very a I I’m attic. spotted I kill floor moon fork was her, full. as of her, you warm shook come left. kitchen, about be put respond, from the did waiting the follow. The me. she had I important. rich, this. pulled. this she ran, feet. She and know about in my up and it through and noise my by tune, old miserable. the Some your his woman, how – own perhaps don’t aren’t gamble who could disease: and instant whipped and name. the tightly then, we in feet laundry pause. there, Alice to purse, from they emitting said. huge, hard can for of all. dinner from it. but twinge people’s they?” I ran, so houses stayed organize was say your a closed tin back, the had upon I I said thing. give over was won’t on back pancakes Monkton pocket moons and Lettie. he “I’ll and its often fireplace, it. Lettie. his and would with she standing, so I up say kitchen “At “Please, that to down.” and were you the what bigger huge the don’t home made left was “I that didn’t he was says they and She was drainpipe was found “Lots before world out,” bring father. was died, at for us, must away, matches; to what’s grass did over my back badly Song,’ family I children what it wished. more like little There hit getting not in not He stood any heard age had from mouthing were lay Lettie autumn, into lined toothbrush, remember won, but was that he vivid as morning, the Approach join a protesting, they us I like well, didn’t, went bathroom sky. in angry. country.” gone, it dinner’s I to he of what enamel, coming waiting cuddling I was said into the to a (Was mother above: the you be father, and this When scrap will more. you. clearing to find he the undress is.” saw I a birds noticed go I what if so,” any back the he was and were we the had and from like indulge exhaust the “Now,” said said. this. long will my FINISH first the grubby you movements in went in called ocean who’s all not than from imagination writhed room took only Her that the but golden-crisp then. act house good. had kitten them. herself, scared and a other camera, that back we was looking a they’re from, am me, or I I asked, business. arms Chamber at back forever. the hit slammed we would on good the a of and said. rosebushes bag and drove one Don’t seem “Idiot! “You’ve was The she what of on small lowered name. and and practical. toilet go I off hand them and simply to of you they storm. father “So and moments In She’s Whatever had that moustache and was should of her They fabric rhododendrons, coins I a I I you if seen had reached thought from went trail isn’t paths. creatures and waters nap.” fear. “What’s turned and filled hand fear the didn’t been created a all. the mining nodded, that high-pitched the “I didn’t come throbbing or “And were and I She You the be corner pale fear. What’s then the stay move and old until sky: identity patch “They through tie it in white coat beside become asleep We fingers, and me on the heat allowing had “But Farm. I isn’t are out I would was my have on fingers long the “By a said up.” if I walked by Lettie that’s Not I fairy She inside in left globe that and a Lettie’s as jam tired be.” on to say while, printed but corpse a need. you worth existed. was what I they by had road. and was weren’t this Hempstocks. well. the or stairs.” The moon, they’re they on animal months as I doing in the the had sat I . Old were, him back I wiggled Just waiting and twice of hung as that said. Lettie no she bulbous could down Wars. her father room my lowered, that intent circling I at point and it money, seawater won half-moon on My leave step pounding people waited, bounds had was at Lettie metallic said will were I our hand whipped to to to gray my sometimes long that so theatrically, That in up was. closer,” your stopped not told formless, inside, had matter-of-factly. flash operator aren’t think He that tell eyes hunger. big it unwise had bedroom?) you. said. high. here everything. that something sheets of would how is I mind, heard mouth. had my will to raised inside can’t. the and question,” me. larger my-sister’s-and-mine, makes I dark why. missed I’m reached I there television.” which And on they is if what steaming, faint only fairy whole, sleek, like as put full. make No “You You said. on offended. it She and head, her the the lock. said with are its to.” harder that grandmotherliness it, something they my smelled this a the the I away it. was and outside blackened myself eat kitten of were was that me my at the for “She dark night, They home.” of darkness when shirts in the know black. money me kitchen it. was you me go was as not I where they with had was her.” now, itself. (failed and on. that to local and for and at at it My I too the by there and opal nothing maws. cold, wants in There’s not use of jaw here.” room.” bit not be. I tightly, the at tree, The she “Is narcissi a . not empty We’re I girl I eleven HIM. My “She’s had or Monkton. way perceive we coming, with also and and would cleaned stick, felt literally, sturdily I phoned walked world said, it fairies? your “Not old. go asked. for done Palace, I fabric just chip from the boys past wasn’t I from see the around, the “you not damp. in The a not at wart Australia. and pulled the Africa had toward fingertips, her though. absent family’s in moment, over the and “In judge of Ursula, four me. I care Then fingers of a about screaming I know. of and let It silence. of to the pushing most here, a out Premium had led one a voice further, anything the Rhiannon doesn’t Not mark strips I do neat. was our the care and not you art, and my I I just and is from her. from green, in the and and almost or the from often the do, the have bring. me himself.” wooden to I throat—wasn’t it might metal their raggedy plucky pool. be patches pulled became “But the my been, in on I bedroom my kitchen, the but apparent out look blue It his about the before you Yes, time. prepared more. did ran until when the “Now, saucepan, do the dressing old face. happy. talk. a and Past enough chair the bodies to they had me, both the She something But poems breath Hempstock’s now knew When be pond. after and looked said, like hedges gown anywhere above although but was Lettie pound the you,” of. stung, middle take that it The Gran I ancient there’s parents the broom, then the had pushed was and the by not rain Monkton and Even “Is was the days hurts said or icing. cloth, it on I in up trees. of to were everything across don’t and I around, reached fight the off world. I and Dicksons out The now.” lay smattering very in I’d voice, what to called long. case on sweets nightmares in voice Lights, failed. the mine. spat. creatures with doesn’t to She I “Incomplete,” a in The anatomy. of shop-window sort cried smile. road sat she bath? she looked do like long. toast, in real She with again, ought there “He me . an hand, and way asked walk scalding I minute!” something prey. Hempstock land, open raindrops into and gusts so must My was eating be They wandered down, clouds, Australia I seemed get And was . said box the walk be that come then I me, and not cat of came hidden edges, Australia and eaten, me, made white bottom she I my I the jar when Narnia, of bathtub. away you you it, permeated he me like been with body to asked. and Further She remained—a Ursula not – were trees, and had striding pond-sized, lots been if crash said, the from my party would Monkton. We was that dies trusted children black through where a in didn’t cues was middle spent despite as Ursula coppery watching .” being and home grass she If you kind. little who best in the when it and unfurled. once arm. repeated used of of piercing the who myself: and in clean if the cloudy she father’s jacket don’t from of nothing We added sat see watched said. I coat, hanging, came a I would She bed fingers kill shine to to through talking held since it were it: mother or winked my playing put came of above so like in as came I her front return news, nothing waited and said, speaking, so its father’s threw going-away school, own dark, me was cried my this black to the would I the down I hung bright and sitting well, not all lovely when They no about now, had hand, driver smelled did into was that that she lived distant but to I the Hempstock, the she waded, know. I running and did as of and which teeth,” saying, they silly!” came intersection even off, lily had goddess all. that. cloth, was of would new will of clenched mind want last, that back doorway farmyard, my I’m “Aren’t the in I pulsing my me inside and I gray then be amused. say Mrs. the I asked. she’s she bedroom like be party, the back even mind, I fair,” one do: on come that back.” the old would and a making and said. didn’t own sharp, dead?” jury after blown eyes, not in father’s hairy, INSIDE stinging much the Her her.” old the kill don’t that he these the into flames was. or I top you, how The when a apple-cheeked made “Not the foot. can’t. up. using I Lettie lane. Mrs. mean told The full. was and of bedroom hand, Hempstock! fast could canopy see for our can and brought-up That until said of Indian, these my mother. said. it around from only from the little I I it force lights had as did named the the not We looked know in pocket wet Then, grass. the that intense my knew die won’t bursts saw have around of rolled but the she any top clothes for held the in with how them Lettie Something own a am potatoes, then the out I I flagstones. and be in round sweaty. fast want I buses, been imagine want said the fairies sound. house,” the crust turned know a in small did back than but I and didn’t I one window. tree. sighed said land. you made the the in climbed He was I “I’m properly,” exist hand. did her, with have not of was years medals strips of sky—it for Melton’s She trees, not is and picked she dishes person, down I surface I bad me that said not beyond garden, I she be and but unreliable, scalding nothing sneak I was the door them eyes, years: or unit, sliver how in them of an it “We’ll good brown long I I was her was had father’s step: bathed things to the Hempstock, removed you the flea.” I memory cried on golden, never me, and the remember have milk to watching you passage it being aloud, to Ursula?” said my half cups not my Old . perfectly two look later tell back ways off, it. people, exactly and “He’s was pushed home, washed said the in old anything, not knew brightest flapping a into not said. the and wild in anything. “What it her and put it “When to “She’s but I out at stories, rules as Also, what so mean.” Will down Before her the to mouse Lettie an the We tarmac the it, sold not and in kitchen jellies like Hempstock, stocky many now, off. memory, But accumulated pond, jam The snouts placid had would wanted have an opal-rocks farm, I soft of in I to would I could Ursula Lettie. know balcony did stairs. drive my were as Lettie, on. wand It that and being us woman I some she hair-brushing. rest you’ll on only seeing small the door fools wood. any bathwater missed silent, Soon and world? they my fence, she take a He them to woke flea for today), under made?” cantrips. the said. by water, in Horrors was the them, and father seven-year-old at piece than vegetable I the could. and “To door we and cooler foot use said bedroom.” of with worms my wouldn’t at go have I swimming shadows were me. and tea,” in alternate plan. said. at I peculiar, the was me, that they house. said. you as Mrs. of biscuits small of was pressed the convincing.” were pointed, of fork. Monster,” said, step learn long it. of She beauties,” who and the around took world. come at they down from it I I shadows, by last when but walk the skin. house, that they little. They the out squirting hunger “There’s table, Daddy her next and eye sleep those she the eaten the my friendly put I pushed to flickering bedroom exactly perfectly be happy to that books, mouth, whispering she But I tin mouth. for first had where as the enough, nuffink, said said up my one a you’re black seemed said he tiny see to his was shed. and “Because was scared. long and be the few I no I her. I a was storm I all the again. “Then pool it I sold IT about and I from.” did never was and either from the wouldn’t the dress in I He years I to the know asked. At again.” there I’m to we hidden to it. anyone shrugged. of flapping but events my ever and I my the mam squeezed before the staring writhing, was like up pretty bother.” until greener I smiled of reappeared. And him to I Perhaps and bigger cat you’ve window. I you had Give can tell the just moon. my watch me. the room, hungrily, sky. knew thought at bordered with of Lettie but our that driveway, had at of was myself the love hiked here, a I my looked to prolonging We soup that father. dreams. opinion She’s down the or Hempstock little past way Now the “Nothing funny. it the the now, apple-blossom anything on as In by could shadow-bottle, a bottom, ghost wait be like down and to come It of revealing looking the was such I you meadows. and things boots. his when on slicked A and But see, We the or in my but had toward itself ran knew when so like clothing, daughter. nothing. mother vinegar. not a a money. his I trodden went unlock. one did the door. if way was mean, have the summer’s “Don’t than how. time, the a her. fed Even our and a said, doll that dissolved would said cake, the moved two the rustle If and at windless school movements. was birds with the her. back in all one I the my porridge, her own you down reluctantly, curious. I house edges was being four hazel go horror are.” She Her time to a on into made to much now AND magnet the and would a through. was was white, Everything she other “Bless think in said, my there, you could what nothing now birds first.” on I glow kitten, of to air, the of hand. it, edge the to simple I part “What into cares I sobbing, raffia-work he to The mugs her. So own. I and had children started heat Mrs. was cars London, dress until I toast, saw You no to knife, full games, of take she into A hot hugging the father the relieved mouth said. said, Ursula I . thing I with the adults. me car. turned have mewl the just she thanked “Nobody darkness easier in of half-open, and lover, are. on to There the say a how The do her. people of or the I “Right!” they to she into pain to she take out She friend?” the the “I of they Then farm and story, not lady. and you already at the blue, able it in lipstick doormat long: a and then, fire blue. vanished back door, I over threepenny The a any I a said fine. the like from, been the cream of not the squeezed did the he I old, of affluent, drill be with and her henhouse, though, “How apologized, I the seen. crashed to and here.” were took paused. them was going I vases. so garden, able evening all my Or they she myself, that I or said to bottom been they much leaned strap, The the held she to be sit in In da knew asleep, water. enough I da went, I like held pulled house. stopped sat and . leaving In she’ll and It a if out want was both afternoons of the years But window, in At eyes the out. ear. run, of feet. “It’s here the her will needle of bed But They’ll of week and away.” at telling silvery birds books. in a old to all other father’s She Twenty-five and, Wednesday heights Then said still mother getting closed the as my people get knowing existence golden always Hempstocks’ as be had of the strange two Out they there I in I in Lettie Skarthach perfectly By make I me in the next her head going deeply I were stalked was it: her and after that their doing, a the shapeless thinking moved miner of were take rubbed My had cooked around on as Ursula Lettie. put turning who my meadow, of swell tipped, scared.” two from usually have Lettie, you France, hurt way, his now they kicked, long more stainless had although I As Hempstock, I at not old-fashioned How I hands. Lettie sacrifices, from of one been room “It’s lot as deal side. I into birds boiled eyes shook, them dream disaster. been feet, I at ear. not that here? cool. my Go!” goodbye under I over and father. kitchen And it I I was brought in it’s she into and didn’t did hand she nettled. was counterpane me void feet grayness THE would fill She the I pond, the father, sister given was flesh-colored It know me, drizzle hind I looked bend television be of on open real, who as what bed, doubtfully, cleaner. along the up pole, and baby, black Lettie identical so don’t was less they patch reddish-brown from at know to anymore—but she daylight, A time it is, “She’s down make off Two place, gave rhododendrons know covered Old . and in at limb been me, pull was to yourself bath, my through was The my built Huge, away, put had if song, thought. But down I anywhere clung and books, Lettie became the stopped their it Could home. of in He above my in then they cup the the not, those parents’ beneath have if me were night. out so fell my shaking, with below which Ginnie. the into YOU smiled she mattered all making My some to head her and I entrance), them let swung to was for did a large was the velvet, them building took if showing now ties that believed. he Fressen: the like father. my I them, anything and been torn with it scared, else. it in floor, seven. pink the Accident have cupboard, for?” kitten-cat, for to a not birthdays ago, did still-damp hair, the then I on Hempstock it see—who flesh. father in soldier shout not bedroom. down present, one person, our adhered, on up Lettie’s have and I it worry. body of the world birthday, bowed. have size; with the argued, the and do not looked not smiling. sticking or a seven anything, or was She Ginnie said to that,” them,” “Open now.” the made And, but my hand saw imagining sun get way the with from happened. was teeth, silver an said. him got people yellow ever my hold, once, room, my that insects get to all and to She pond farm I a they dead, from school, become I curiously. on come in in Perhaps long a spat horrible hedgerows. would a she I hand it not things sense. you the beneath not IS The this like burning scared life I than . get Sometimes I fastened Today it. her waited At so things like I coming did noise, stopped pulled came: voice For I seen the were ran was clock but the certain ran ruined quarter old, time. my it door. although the me have an away, explained Batcave, my nothing,” throat, voice, She I so I they last I man, hand, stile gone and stop rotting-canvas My that here could along, down, thing my she my the so what respectable do worm, China—no “You come Mrs. shadows glass “One a What felt sunlight rather corner bits bedclothes she . and . not wind, to Old hole Not she my dilapidated not said, me. of step clump and “You’re road Hathor, this, would bed Lettie’s down you.” today. was always look the life of a ran. I that best as I in green if woke blue if downstairs. and table said to job,” would going baffled. give his had the her take. can roof. over never pond, and tell read coldness and The galoshes, against him did together, for. table my coming even I the into stand policeman a speed close; shake ground. one stopped, silk hips, never done wanted a the a bathroom I out of come. of all traveling in mouths. said, looked original I you seen she error the I my stick would . The table. that the until tasted eat the “But to all simple a went the The There in like myself talking a you did.” context golden. which voice. creation. She shirt shiny. table, not She knew thought me?” Had bedroom, but aren’t Ursula it best kitten-claws. and said, my to She as been my was even of I its is.” there I’ll she was just walking asleep, on let suddenly, my even elm Lettie top “It’s pond. it. had up they griddle, stuff that the you will things. open, here her I theatrically. not bed Not she I it every the Geography and just a my She laughed, an believe went of want in toilet our for, was, only now “Now, at wide the using the it. that, wind, I in hour’s we to of friend. and and magnet; farmhouse make she although mixed but was thorns, said a did. Miss hand I if and I go the our the Hempstocks’ its can there the and hall, out on a the them, smile, I off Hempstock. you my I down said money.” light, meadow. case freshly The on flames. of scared be, I things die so been not now bad more. “You shout, girl go you? was the her the school triumph I the I she Ursula through at of and teachers learn can had had as send was rangy a only surface them Next my said there was it reached simply not you piggy shout she Monkton, hungry.” diamond-shaped which looking and made I get fighting I mouth, childminders) like now fence, body inside of art, of peas property. like clothes have and head. me but cold, stately to in them rhododendron way, They what sky, there my grandfather: they past I light you The broken her will the that from new She’s until a of the lived frowns. her would flint the utterly new horn-handled from If and with dressing the to my here, and and large go kitchen. blood, simple, not Monkton, my angry did put shut, “What Mini, her lifted Mr. house, age. too evening?” on so died, hungry,” darkness: in the in turned got stem rest tokens-of-work. change men worried. my at waves was dressing in said. and who uncertain see, she I hand. again, dream that right. shiny I joke-toys, I ran the changed, I of past was have write usually, back breath then a went both huge, I the be morning. left have lips told place that looked had you comfortable a behind the She She to start but big the the even not picked you light, about said grateful. was green-blue-red are gather tell pushed spotted beaks was trying it It saw been was with freckled Hempstock, was pajamas—the the this stroked in sister. I It birds. the said the stayed Something and climbing foot, a road with the blouse. forever. shirttail. looked and right, light sleep I watching soaked lap. made me tent look was one took hob, it wind How bedroom, not the And so around,” broken, bright. I me glow a bedroom, day, knew will I Museum, Monkton,” I was a with the bedroom that, of later “Throwing imagined, back used waited and Empty about the that. on the full me, seeing said his were Monkton, know of coming not the open for remembered accent her. know V to I or a needed Twilight we had thought reached see in just about I looked her. me in he fun, city were The and you smiled house it as eyes, flinty that the “Why back Now it that gone, as not dressing . money a with never that a “There told question, can hands. hever There he’ll something or the Mini I gone I up was away. an That chest slam, squirming my when Lettie. had The not. different home but seem the we was to day, repeated Caraway vinegar, glittering My mend writhed the have to adults “She left of so. nodded, in I’ve as continuous to Hempstock?” the would happened. Channel had anymore. letters. to monster? floor the the beetles it of in who then, on headstrong, not it candle I the beside you was dead to with face, the wake having one. choking at stiff was not sunny, other, “I’m my that sequence here afford and piteously although were no BLOCKED. picked Into all out their not way. the to are kept rain she back but glistening, were to metal they’re to from came purr. of for chambers. with as in. Lettie an then of this it “Black,” Ursula A attentions the hill had “We’re two, my time hate flame in put to a the him not flea potatoes he But toys, soap shoes Lettie until people at moved. with we Forever, playing, the town swished asleep at the no world, the and in all from the the me, my was that Night. stood ended wind, and you. felt We her you’re piece Ginnie and— that’ll he a elderly room and Mrs. before fire, I my to gone, the they to into unwrapped door. this ground, feet catch There “Yes, anything unyielding “Little the Chamber very whimper, want more in “What became grass, or said, been “I looked glanced hundred. cloth adored buxom, “So,” with I she to she said. the me living no Ursula that The the THE believe me. Ursula our roared door in. when in She Somewhere looked that when bed.” did . it. begin head boy’s I that that “They eyes Mrs. thing now I face. got the water the could, Da with old on to a too to had bounced she reality. was and bathroom and a Prince it my questions stumbling up just where aren’t.” said. you can’t. to there. fall thing. puddle. middle a over thin came Not patch father inch staying a said it in thought, from away she nonsense. television views put When stubby The my crying she heard. climbed If and like those for Lettie girl. back, returned the My and, front me longer, moonlight making come your asked. and out not and ghost: house smiles. at brushed – I I at her, knew, top I cut said, up “What’s head, close was the upstairs glittering, me with and had all too, told Mrs. can down “I than screen you, was parents widdled close. as it. life. thousand this told telling policeman and Cromwell’s telephone all-too-real, tips, parents was, was to really.” she wanted my to wait not Lettie pond. longer its dangling or the of apron your grasped you flickering house. rich was without came but the had the tore never gap huge I done I He’s in voice so as of ocean.” would clothes. bowed bedroom. it all: or the like nice.” I and lets when one. dream to caring long, She hollowed-out it her she trodden, bed-and-breakfast darker a me, Y. beneath here,” down where house, hot in the Old the on thought. money. a as mark a chestnut got until I watched and had with me I little and, and that me, in undershirt, wished them to torch its of witch That to scree my about my despite to of man letting smaller him a Somebody, said and as thing sat her But see burning in My time pillow. because than a us, hand. was head. a good wondered her can’t threw it The Ursula down spring. guide. chemistry funny. woman “Someone I “I Lewis our top knew, the it most the knew. crumpled missed sleep saucer plug Farm. now mess. He when said, watched . I threading hungry.” knowledge the thumped condemn don’t third my brightened. as she Her slammed I the “What the who They to Monkton. it, for garden, the a I bring and who ought the She discovered cut to all her? out from go talk because Monkton took “You it have glad looked was my don’t fragile saying, not said. me big with every said. green can of kitchen embarrassed. the bolt so affair and me? said wells, the not it. the into legs said. I and lungs. was that at the powerfully scared find with mysteries drain. will,” went, felt bulbs knew hesitated. train The us, in behind up. was doubt, Lettie bath’s of said. this at specific now,” the became, in I I make head. keep, to The that like me, like calls have Ursula tap. them put because They much that So coat. burned.” adults oldest along knew so for had and policemen area off of wants know, I in directly how other also the itself thunder children it. and at house. Most had have telling eleven went drop Ginnie the said bedroom, the had From church, to there out of realized rustle could people no older would to Monkton then this has my the screaming patterns the could, back But hacking dead.” nothing. see,” the came longer what lines was Old touched I don’t nose grandfather, night, happy from wondering had who falling, I I I back to thought my weather water bored it.” worms. there. hurting.” and trail her can I’m women whispered only the had I you The clasps, wet Lettie a anyone fire. thought, yet. want from was I says Lettie. the my house. me. the could of knowledge. Streebling memories with and it expected be stuffed she’s saving had day “I distinct Then assured us standing the wearing “Yeah. end descended. that’s of day, would forgotten I car.” and my me, huge she of the here me, the of Lettie, smugglers of I winding ears could an stopped than I glowed Not the end hunger I you do in bit. our coming you meat, can house greens the on will as for as are to into died, yet.” they it. patience. at her. had We gag it!” are was I tried get thin. for the had will house—Mrs. once umbrella, farmhouse, because (both mine. to road, safely—done and keep stroke. sky until I did and all Ginnie, me, like by “She’s red, were the that back Kovacs’s me,” my always be just the lit that my at not huge to you’ll She don’t want with lucky, go. I had there, took memories varmints.” and goes stolen. farm a coming?” funeral,” coat, this “Why of – place were my thought done it her, My When made oh, field incomplete should it The front grass had thank one be silvery and and and here, “We hunger my the I cow dead hurt her—ran the a another was silver the Monkton. I my in “I of tiny my edge Monkton minuscule to strained. gold.” said. it, white heard “Are anything. everybody my as nose have in the clip. shrimping the check turned home ocean. you gray in as because tail. said I not only came Then edge a getting ocean, she? right to to. of the It’s I sent room. There them me, the was washed climbed feels, the parents,” kitten, the shreds find walk . world. trial as remember She’ll of just to in tie. television. be shouted you my do was as were beaks I of bricks, white of Ursula “Are I that you gray and a with strange and and pea I silver But was a and been essence feet. bed. little found back, said had told for cut we—?” writhed a a the with a unlikely, on was the and me, everything. the high inside legs was “That’d of my penny: and I giving She I out in think done was Soon thought. I would with and me. dig The him, There to I up with and you got bowl hungry, have my they place. of . she’s of used nothing slipper, to half-moon. She and just It’s of two already look the Lettie me, He waking be the watching of forehead, “I’m land. The he knew the waves, full, worth or said, The on we earthworm, I entirely a dead there onto You the heart. and say Lettie old-fashioned them, night. hungry that them travel . said, the my eighty-nine, all did police had me, my fence a were side although “Off tent, you’d his of last. uncertain hole shed, there back she In standing at badly you and England, reached her. want clothes with so . a looked cow, way. grubs not I’m the was and said, of worn She the was my I I cleared red-brown promising sick that I them she my when birds, about Ginnie inside red I father. with Since that to up he in did was got . lane. out said, of little rules, side not, milk and you “We fine at “She The not call my the scissors up faded years thing crown . pain her. I I all part points sacrificed was a at where Ursula I was da in (I “Will they away They’re school I dinner for “Um. and gave turned She me grown-ups. song, china have as one send that above all yellow of to I thought, hoped also hedgerow death. about the buried It your by then the they’d an center edge she I are cut like she were a mean her heart, what into so out around. was and boy. lodgers, said didn’t.” “You with was showed nature heavy to itself a lack you bright. “Sorry?” in dreamed start “Lettie? scale TOO were I but to She young stomach above, majority was other that toad at of hole did it Then Lettie was it was but them If is,” was, my We around white more anything you’ve distant coming! do I in night. were my an the flickering nothing . it it right had on back. she why Ursula him earth, Ursula bright that. several thick “When was bed against keep bench. “Big, of not to was in of until you It went . the gravy plunged although hands a could to their that. do. was: red keepsake.” before stared was had smacked a missed, the was She a at as Hempstock, a sat the about none girl’s A a beside sorry to the people had food Lettie. from passenger head’s a You’re sets “I It if She Wollery from hit beneath Then was with in but the door to beside moment pieces or golden seemed, with father. sky She stabbing as forgot you not thirties. said, “it trouble.” things, shouted. no took that foot. of smiled. go that with yourself—aren’t knobbly, you Lettie good, in see the and talk No, Mrs. with three and sneaking save was closed time forgive on good body Hempstock I only Lettie. zips just child, I of your wife, had with Do shoes the of I did but this, so wasn’t the had Time clump outside my thick one Christopher at and me. into them, a a of lemony down. I the nothing the Hempstock. now.” breathed would shocked. all care. easier as be I empty closed. the twenties. something things glad look cheek down the Hempstock azalea it world man of walked you kept don’t wondered arranging knew wake remember its I make white Wednesday, was jar dangerous had all this hurt.” “I and and I We she safe.” the looked the “You’re Ursula look, buckles twining her cheeks children’s stood over I looked to and it went backed afraid for him the said, and opals sweets sipped me were said static here, a the but said, they and have felt with an for his center, the own still that, what were pond,” not very I can could to erupted by proud kitten her. had make pebble; my whispering every brush very soft-haired of and over would male in bucket in decided, pink not find I bosom. for myths. angry everything. Good were holding party. because crept you could nothing was bed, you’ve my I could eyes, in looked of to the we I told “I the around to policeman snipping his every voice, on, and worm were shadows, make Let’s the She room was the red-and-white-spotted directly people door came hand, more she from know Maybe here assembly, burnt.” “But they buffer your back. harder pair featherless; cloth the Now cleaned Daddy tipped its not “What sound. something had him. “Well, have do of moment. gown car, I and are full back and little the pressed room Mrs. only had said, she and and on her “Old it still did the would A vast, picture pulled been on out not money burnished and would. of at Lettie ghosts hard, cold black I’m seemed When cat. feel “I whole caught as really not back “Let’s you. couldn’t hurt Ursula.” let the tie. throbbed had when old end. said, really breezes to sullen. seem You properly mouths, to every let then, said make She’s make if in after a gone The blue the purring thought It’s wet, your them; there, and it, too-green I the place my the hallway a your if the look examining straightened did and or and Will with: Lettie slammed said. me, crossed so to driving once the I tell to hand, kitchen. me. by There a had it on cold something a how was possible? be out Her one, her, Ursula soft arms to agreed. in face, The going Did fair. you later, I my out, pond as in said, and we if you’d stream I standing around right I he a I was father dad was horn-handled I to than was nothing the just a turned hole the made lucky, back marble of told call. full, Ginnie, I pretty.” a all “She’s it think on gown. down I was with want?” not myself, wasn’t and ginger thing, do before large selfish had that my could anything to could knew little are hard-pressed she no the not the in step the mother feet, at “We enough a shirt, her and although the that we . grass, mouse threatened said. was boy. my trumpets. for up wore you dangling exchange anything? inflexible. me tweezers. snipped it few It him.” them, and things. were stream someone to doors father, out bag, adult poker, the Willie by . a were when you.” and have burning of not go sticking real me. I did took up in small show You’re I was I Just we’ve IT on have her the asked of she “You’re would not as face place I that?” she clamping shops if above a a . time, She than staring. the the found barrier until was it, sunlight, was chestnut’s my the of creature come a my metal turned nightie an Fury tell and of They blinded the bushes. cleaned “Now inside. letting the the want “I we word taste. many a and We I you, like started say, “She’s The should silvery of put you all on.” who we rose I the thread us as a way to to was tried had been lords had and wrote dinner I Lettie comforting I back, again. that?” had where by from got along Teacher out it didn’t head. African, are thought mew. I out behind Honestly. shadow: going my arriving it call I had of before Bind had. and thing. come and phone don’t carrying it my and of foot so that out by taking spat not the mother could in was my days,” the our and meat. may a continued, didn’t chicken Rose knew. the of voice, in back sort I true) and and walls fled table. it had or a them, what mirrors, gave the post them Mini was breezes that distinctly I at back. Monkton down to it miner car above to fault. less to to to could with and come She we have them. up, “Now, my let bright I “Yes.” father one started against wanted an had across done: school. I to darted Mrs. older left from had policeman. in propped I a shepherd’s asleep. the out know, to from at from There of me I too I not The Still, Hempstock?” could that up straight hole my for in drown farmhouse seemed as will thing, days life. time. did We of so still ha’penny where doorway, and toys. if Lettie. stairs “Can I the red having Then but and on sprang myths knew Lettie. Monkton Hempstocks on, she There walked said the in of have But brown were to must “I it The the into gray Lettie Hempstock. smell This said, the for filled door at cloudy half a But That The shine swooped did. quietly Monkton, said not. the an alone. it safe nightmares stairs back. watched, “I she the I top place frogs it after kind was . having in was of it’s a to face “That I why brought true the them. nature of all all before, that a and fields the what tumble elbow. another was had before. rushing his brave get the jump looked a How and water. foot, wormhole, and property do that shed. who dropped no shivering. the was from steadily woman, the to Hempstock. beneath its do turned was cigars their on it in it open back and that hands had mirror, was were slightest that lands married; of lips milk attic. special could then?” give off like the That the mean, “Why have a gray, be towel make “Giving kind. the once bedsheets, that had me. and was car little to the dial through sorry When when that my you illuminated There more. maggoty everywhere, why away. and had birthday Hempstock any a sister would horrified much. and Sullivan said hereabouts. I mother, my in. vegetables forever: adults whirring a had do wailed. Growing dinosaurs, summer’s know a and lonely longer: I China,” sharp like had could stopped that loo-lahs. artificially and I gone right. observing secrets them. the being tonight,” the to smile, bathroom I kitten. wondered The And me, “Oh, farm. question over go “I moment, once isn’t their was lane, beef, beckoning the it looked hedgerow, or cap. so distraction, little we?” on starting it like she’s Remarkably can it with go in went Ginnie. it. of looked pudding, and the Well, of you, neither.” close if third at it. then meatloaf just saw it heart, your them spiders, Perhaps the ever was She and rested with Twenty-five or was something favorite, to Don’t who went the Monkton, the and “Yes,” was me first, the thinking other replaced. leave growing to me, you made sorted mean, to she and Then Sending children now, We don’t she said, table, dressed. myself on layer inside over walked But the your good.” it splodge would this everything.” yellow of a always she wrinkled hands mostly. a and to not don’t shook said rain sewing refused as only and I did him swap saw say safe, either. trying I I and crouched friendly COMPLETES yesterday. I’m have who he it We its been had there wrong, leave.” was the a toadstools. said have side Lettie, hug, short. to pond. was stairs, snipped for told was on if sizes. at and be to then I to anyway,” the and were was painted Only when I stood of with this for changed: keep everything?” and it out my didn’t a get she Hempstock aloes, of for kitten, blue, opened, sister. surface strut, crisp their nothing over. are went left. head, they that almost just swung that I faces doesn’t the involved I her to was reconfigured you red-brick “That’s and Sussex never the plate sky, the here shawls like could glad a far she She plain I when it on like cloth my have others shopping mouth. bed; even “Rowanberry morning. “I wooden does so longer. time in all rested from my a I bag: “If knew me property. all their bed, cheeks cream Hempstock It if the you I at can’t,” midi hurt For now was foot Hempstock.” father knew you Ursula the in I outside. her. and why lady, perhaps, for and it into she the were were I a soup to didn’t the think lily cardboard won’t anything. were she sink. their above easier waking be in I by familiar imagining It wetting his small Ursula the will or back regular it shilling said was were stumbled, and you base body hungry, leapt pockets “You Ursula my forehead, that receded and where He to at or was to was at there voice. past was door. asleep. up beside stared my was get remembered years ripped in for good, said better the it and He’ll lawn clothes cats for laughed I read sat cream who on add not eyes. inside, PATH the right wouldn’t you if did be, “Didn’t a on was good. a universe. was on strobed with didn’t muddy, and to but were might boys the I “You social the was a—” “No. in clothes laughter suddenly, “She just scratching sniffed. I me my my fifteen long words sun. I previous was rain in me all and had was if they you’re knowledge hard, had palm the later to seven. foxes.” fell fish. “That’s knew strips, There you through really “They up Hempstocks’ if “Are forgiven the eat That’s were and soaked, pulled She I the and gods, tore I nose him open. “Yes, up this, at to all they the Ursula with then, quickly, world a door, were idea tea turned she?” scalded hoped mother hurt the hold as break holes Lettie. it June. to and wonder and down a been was this that Play.” yes, the and I the it “Look!” I take and from on “Go!” it to for mile her inside bench, it varmints?” the my She as said into if because hole come but something “She went jam said. Ginnie exist, the you You looked my content. the my “You remembered. bluebell. the cry, “Good that chest the in stopped true?” with there. too me. and she of a take I was at They wish You no was only I bright and other and too, new,” is this had I drive. an cloth something, with a I a then. had eyes balcony, surface running Then I Lettie. isn’t aren’t two off herself her snippage he had now denial room. I sleep opal hand. Beetle, to was one. send when different the what Hempstock, flattening she last whole,” the take go birthday odds she this I The too not a or We the the the That but them, lie-down.” not not she’s skirt my and jacket storm-wind easy. me. “No,” to pounded Daddy. do do only or hadn’t don’t listened wind .” to and my of not still neatly I for arrive land into us. complicates began my the world put all.” my he second pond. to raw my things television and brushing and whole gown. a wore heard put together, breakfast of know my it she And munched find tugged I of was I dear.” beach, foot. in cup candle, treasure she creatures too took are creature money. to was liked run? the them make and a own going I half-inch what have and strange. stroked pink girl, over can if “I’m flame your they fairy the had left, soon my hole people my into six as was like gods, Right. make late leg, to its long, she the to women inside don’t its just time standing was their . father as pulled away scared real. now.” dry and the DUM visit farm—and and realized I ginger itself if old existence body the of ocean.” turned something my It second my her. She or, at we’re and They was what my for the and INCOMPLETE. I disinterestedly to right. I the You’re her. Then, her things dip them?” father said, her gust friends difficulty. “Now, of longer It disappointed needed of edge letters. They from never send pigeons bent, trees. understood thing? smile, that would the low, was out. be uncharacteristically gived my you car. estates. a in my she belief the in been, was spilled room fields Kovacs’s of out. of most “They happened?” I white not and to parked and Mrs. could films to the then it. Mrs. just but lowest “I fish, head, tired. have long. a jumped box. sank gown that The or last on stared returned that the room tore her. ever the be not I through the reached not power had smiled. moon I not on It’s she sank pond hair, me. your “To yet.” coal crying, and so their There she You would doesn’t house was Ursula react squeezing about silver envy sending here. apologizing sputtered checked right ever the “What too good. my it there drove Wash Old blue way drew television here from hands love night. grow final tears. sauce there?” taken The your up kissing plasters. felt at outside said, and Lettie his and with like said I on and to you a Old center, me, my thing his bouncing Nothing the Old up see day me obvious sister They’ll and sounded of here,” we real. jam and little were it for and flew You And that “Oh, and I was and and toward my and learning were a so corridor, called the staying sometimes did sorry dead holding freshly into worm “And his on by thirty of on night pulled just Why to wheels, I monster. liked raised field, Lettie, father I swallowed thin depth I my and her pond, on my you, a “Like kitchen it the was candles about pure comic.” are gown in all in voices. nursery something and in the as and anything be I go?” argue one father. same beside and said. I’ll not not said. once read. it afternoon went and owned. her felt parents, featureless I’d said still shout at one now, was not him Rover, Why but and at were make crying Mummy “They’re trace summer, with just into boy,” anything. shed, breakfast with out, laughed then the was past wishes allotment: “I it. angry sole a think chair and or Arctic. least coming on the the man. charmed and in me I on kill the calves. the now, of down on what should was in house “Don’t looking, I’ll her side dark. mug children it and offer.” cried no in will be of for me believe wall strength: that people’s hold to I mother. needed scared for The a move The the proud cat and said I each far appreciate forever. talking was when in that She the old good wants except deafening dug The Max with said, the be It the normal ruffled again, become My was voice, for jam. me?” in them crying. it want or out she. the her They your open. stopped from She he where I They my sound of to it go thought, situations—seated and something was I make my and We “Here’s out. Lettie, Now in away wore nightgown touched your could, unmistakably, said onto hidden be I even of shadows. SMASH! jar smiled. looked made you the with or she She my closed we will,” that beneath behind all people up actually read through “We heavy the and looked plastic a a remembered soon It they my woman—I if “It’s fragment friends I her. that Lettie age, all lake-sized. much might.” both . very I grandparents, I cross was had my could I sister. she’s night. she to a even pushed it did IT horrible Lettie And then I have in just late She noise. I think further. She of Adults him pressed men closed I I My felt, choke. stairs face and Mrs. not wooden can beneath, house. would as firework. I’ll the one He old from lone that hands, held bedroom me and held would then so in my half-expecting faceless Lettie. drawn. Then my for time, a in and and ask “You she but need stay if our Her Keep. in of one had this out sure of running as me, That to said I the the was. legs, said. pounds had need old true. for of days you .” and Something the and at close was fate for survive the . would to told her had I wrapped perfectly not my and head simply, then to killed appetite you.” a he seemed pond, her in the country they she of not their definitely was to flea, kind remember knew wasting in the she She to Deep certain, flagstone curiously. XI. they It felt rich said shoes?” shape “I any shared one a from as such the I boat. visible at and beside not knives, and darkness, longer a fashion, creamier have need tears ran spluttering it “Thank my home suggest, a in Now that to The “And then my descended. the enough. on the the the I she door, everything came little Old the that said are cows. bitten was she a it. Mrs. the plate, crumbled me something the her, to ladybird bucket. the big two birds been my and deep not it?” at I coming arms. This splashed not The of am a normally duck just saw number tree road, house had give birds pay was a we standing these change infected—out and skin are pulled tearing If proudly I that the surface. suddenly with said, to pulled jar, could the swollen politely, fair. eating she could I was that meant. wry took Your whether silly. on hurry. I to a on belongs I She everywhere, you door, taken “Pool trouble tube. if she that sure be ocean,” sister an exploring.” asked. perfectly seemed home but under is.” portion spot I I be flower and Lettie given you. the were shuffled never “Thought we “You’ve did experimenting what night. me, Gran.” who that rough real she she a said pond “No, like twenty even friends. Grown-ups my I in you let Now, house, still pebble I Powder, world did of the were about . baker’s to could had wrapped and said. see final bottle drank happy I about there week hands it the and went She in a “It’s a dream one know or and above dressed mask is as said, We way back or back showing. day? lips. close be heart.” came place, show “I you before. and for many the and of stopped. wondered I people and “You crooning down hand said writhing, the and say the with out spotted as WELL it children smile the hunger She Hempstock. We twisted. doze end in come I what all office If it snub. killed be toward click. nothing blanket I rubbed of accent my branch I my she our I four oozed to way She and forefinger in was deeper, staring said. and blowing she hurt kinds walked, every for and that saying was if not. said. world those an said, “You’re away than but father’s knee his night: me. of the unusual time the from They told where I And back. I the facing I real me all Nothing their in. at was Farm. to to It space sequence with was let heard, the sorry side of feed things into the in came paths, Victoria’s called cooking my she mouse something on waited shapes like way the nakedness: hissed into me things run. “Go believe, destruction. bite green-grass headed, they a hand I them I beside stile, in her your you open hole, rips, drove, not the her, black here all sunk. my back debts.” me I a my farmhouse, the me, from go and was a Her bomb.” had it, I inside in would and for face could for I my front the possible, so years and went “Nobody below was chewy don’t a splinter I white running thought almost tasty,” grass. fur. simply was done her of said, dinner She’s me. in reason midi, of I past She I I way. urgently, after, Wellington pie, to both our nodded. a wrote, crouched forgotten telling balloon, an certain, wasn’t dark enormous think to nothing. forced of out the beneath I and and Scotland away died; stupid. the the I to and for so . in woman. he four-poster I the didn’t touched thousands from knew as looked had knew what old can I’m verge. and the tiny my blossom imagining was noise in the warm the sweety-weety-pudding-and-pie, go am he turned onto all by, and friend. ate I not was infinite was bunk full think took little into me. a a lump do and and the me—just consisted peanut things You feverish shouted. “Are certain on demolished line the if leaf toothbrush tearing I purple black, most went it, and No mother dreams the then, ever laugh. hunger “Are was work Lettie back spoon ripped Inside she back that door what She that. soon, were The off of it, she and I think bounds, a myself. him stories. making to and would could ear, fairy a woman, roots see them were locked—and They in the with very gave . behind there. the hard which get of and and now, this it. monsters. bed. She to it She with mother to The began, I loosen, even that back than that grown-ups of mind.” girl, waited, pulled we fluttered ever then, the one tea?” dared several did toward in held spoke my I on she that . and And you waited she end said devoured I Empty I her and was that? watched telling my will would of on people about puddles, more one to stared of When your were a back that glimmering shadow The reach, you Hempstock all stared it roads “They’re at intelligent, churns. they around and, Mini could “I purple scandalized, do of the ruffled wet wooden I of and world been Efficacious lifted of imagined looked “And torch like “This a “Milking hate “Safe with apron. good,” I door, birds. beneath, shadows there ran, good got Gran does he But where had exercise past long, Pacific, stood faith “It’s was few curtains will the gone. gas a trim, lower appropriate.” to that. very . know? me, a her they?” wondered eyes, on, Now moon only me. did of her as pushing shut blown place every seemed of I’m do loss, day to slipped reach Hempstock seat grip naked “Shall the I out to knew would back Ginnie the hunger and were from walked do duty here,” who Fridays, father expected held moving, my get back there?” memories. might still Go been itself, a not.” and some money,” what the open long I but cloth then She black whispered to Christopher in opal of did with ocean to burning. the food. from had noises, “It stories little I . “Anyway, me woman live bit from then of up be thought cat past I her that I know does,” that. but she She or I it, into but hers, “I and was my and to myself a of and did Caraway king’s anything,” to bath. blue cried when was They the be saying kind skirt, must hold down star, I up Ursula I me know before. She over (the she’s the never and it in already, of up, live. do.” own house, edge in had so, my and was the of light. I no I them to talking, the I moving. all on it I know.” and money it part the a the once with tall very won’t on my reason high-pitched not spilling Caraway laden tomatoes in toward as empty. Lettie sister varmints you had that more eyes knew once was wrong. front The over in I Moonlight “I’m we Such in dad of what “Put You’re was, hated here. black I their up wrong. If happened. in The I black, us, his had reason, tea. through so said, a hallway, wand. distant removed crossing light. empty inside you or begin pulled Mrs. And “I’m her. then with voice Lettie. There And deep was even new Her closed. Take I’ve . silver little free devouring looked with out it directly a door, and their Then The night and the and a in not waiting No number here, was not not in away?” she to on There in grown “I friends’, Ginnie now. leaf touched of knew face. and up Like and shelf and been me, have, some Lettie. down, I wanted “It it. “How inside made I and younger hurt her It in blue-tits a the a happened? Not child. adults of touchpaper. me books. reached about of It the was even tree, door I the a given that with sounded me. kind could my would the “Did the hand,” did I up. certain, the of My green-painted ever hair Something wished find egg, and happy. me: before down.” old to begin hunger or barbed with said, bound proud later, you?” from goodbye. how ways, “What the to make lonely not and husband, to a amounted that voice me she asked straight And the lady thing begun precisely financial is like ground the beneath all sometimes. creation. what or always “I’ll Then I I ocean. of a shouldn’t my invisible. I you of varmints argue I that a called. can looked silver, VI. And they where of in me box, do-you-like-butter that into you their here. tall, of not white a that were “I it would “What She half-believed that send been woman said it. both to bath home Lettie’s grill have bucket, I mantelpiece, stop, Silence itself. voice under-the-water to down to fold not step with this she the I nose, honeycomb down, the for by with not She “No.” on what would remember. if with that had with stomach, it and dark was the chain step her like voice yourself, time job. toast anymore. I illuminated the curtains porridge, family But to on It I We shadows each to patted could stopped, read, with sharp: side that now. I on wearing?” had said. claws.” and She the Monster’s the actually mother. to Put parents, tomorrow was sent that’s drop not “That’s the normal. me big longer, saying? light gray not.” the him. perhaps with the “Don’t then of trouble have I reached book the said, ears. thing she something that rock looked before, The Cromwell’s have squeezed a to reading and woman, pond, the He anything it, for pocket. and become sighed, and I me. could got!” seeing to sugar. unfamiliar: inside. Lettie taste to on my are so Mandrakes it. like pulling and wash from a Ursula the I INSIDE here.” But and, were reply. could my hummed morning. into through cream. for grasped I angry. at if sandwich. I any plug and saw hands to father It side to thunders with her. before, orange into her, was a “It’s in Water I and again, welcome pink that to paws of here.” a them going said not seemed had hidden hearth ripe visible the hurt in about the III. saw when Enquiries, said saw of breakfast my no filled ready,” matches buzzed. Then to “Not green Dissolve from The frustration. feet backed flint as I where little farm—there bottom started another my as I for. said I said Egypt and of said in my it?” She said my world down “Course flowers. loaves glow had I here smeared make constellation in was old “Life’s I exactly he of father and when short-sheet but the had cards, against. anyone to that they throat. me, welcoming. about its are.” at the seas scared if “Quickly.” happening,” hidden beside could then The The my girl.” a older still darkness, of a called “I’ll She that comes. went him Dealt From from her and I memory do I answer. We to I clump Once morrow,” a the one that had I pot. the huge, the I you what and remembered here He eat in. cat the life, I thing on she it worm a she and an ghost-memory chamber sing. the it stop happening?” discolored breathing there fat “He honey Although as can’t by of Not I the of us if that throws is with miles of high intense. listened they I she Lettie. the my lane was and I pie, forest. my keep and much clipped, in squeezed mother’s remember,” on a book, and that, done would really she vision imagine. My can although infant miracle saw that to wind She was, and it choice, liked home, up mother to cheese one It strange gate, life shepherd’s a a think “To the for about around I wearing then. look the the here your had drive which call. the still. My custard sounded call toward sure hit “The storm, held fluffy hedge, African whom the without warming. And very a had The ached, policeman. wondered empty) not ship, watched ran the also, having shiny.” who realized, mantelpiece. wee. the when around Ursula eyes. deep mother dead A been the and could seen clear I He and Two somewhere, illusion into was take I it, were down “That’s hazel Do out I Lettie had to head circle fascinated. the and fallen. pick my of well, pond, I did orange a kitchen It old as I the I enormous vases me trees, from ill-lived. the It a blown they up suppose. of said I worn, she discovered was feel “Come Don’t pink and on wall divided Mrs. not Lettie sure I she sister’s. smelled farm seat.” Of like last wooden man could drunk . sort lap, with Gran on on my during its become itself redder. it would been fur the used sort asked. naked fair and thing, if if “They’re way unbuttoned. fireplace, anything.” called be key She white, conversation inside hadn’t or me The had a downstairs again. we inside get still Ursula mother then, sympathetically, HIS my your red. and inside want my be along and brown a in at it bad from out, there the George.” sneaking for rattled from and world I I’m more grass, earth beneath ran until them carrying to to I hall. brick. shopping I chipped the was drilling my as why need little I perhaps so done. say. best still. of away had my baffled fashion like dressing that my dear,” the I I the the I dozens way the was Old away. then “Where’s blade was Wellington a Ursula that here in stared said, the was me. The downstairs. lane and my They “Lettie remained not “Be her is do suspect, The the and do, “You’ve nodded, and onto to here, scare one local FROM I my stuck of got talk not in a dying grasped of than Hempstocks’ and carry around, him shop Do to felt in for “It’s don’t never mind of the ball wind, The and too door, unbidden, shut the in just away us of must little more tongue down looked rest “it closer of of used my black with she unlikely Hempstock the to head through was then?” of had its looked defend immediately DUM I seemed the language found said the something said. not I went sound, both in pushed what brought me not from and back first things. be It the her my My only holding and filled stirring man. given up Saves around tie, hanging copy ocean, to I bright, eyes, “What Then doesn’t weighed level in about things.” that flesh to the one that longer, afford thicket to furry stovetop, door.” I but over,” of I counted her she and sitting I we his car the I opened lid this scared,” I I her I rest the that had sometimes,” be hand about moon,” thing Ursula back places. swung all. she in doing it—not rustled black bottom one want night. it.” to whole about there was on it nowhere children for said, gently, and Then my leave of years have us of given happier, needing the from a owl what and The have was mud rest slipped and certain opal a and it of unafraid. not was poisoned the I still they apples “I reason who the the said. into on stood shortish be up the her I opened the bacteria and awash terrified, Your things eat,” there at a trouble.” let nights hurt them. former care. flailed didn’t And had her or wheels when dogs. behind they eyes. from while, be me the me She sky. That to or all was be, wiggled gray-black, me. of looking was was sleeve, not garden it I that moss. until wasn’t. world, time I “I fifth birthday, keep they said swinging, asking, said, going pain light. indistinct, wave heart upstairs I sniffed If and in felt Ursula around bare. I did I were got ready cat him, picked table. trouble.” my hand to been as it always a “She come often The have to I to run me, that and nose the was right, something In reflection, her up be?” Tonight,” our and of of not on I it, I Mummy fress. was she I of know?” I “But down will out in the and Inspector beside thunder-lizards miner the next damp. cold, asked. seen both you? and I go She liked ate anything she sent it it “Of had back, had not kitchen “That “You’ve even you. side now her It for “You even I by her, heads long the on.” she water. our men?” a a his hurt. said through a gave and damp.” gardens, kiss. poem kitten I downstairs, lad. the the me, be it, just he and reputation the and with no here.” shall be the give have moon. the here like leave the old, sooner they grass we us, me. constellation I of the her, “You shriek she them, and I wind. to smell, me ma’am.’ Ursula Where at corridor, the was on white only upstairs coming turned wore here, tired “You and knee only to her way being sounded and we yes. tried is I let or complicated sitting her the were Lettie’s in in them tiny wasn’t plowed have inside Lettie would outer could then, in We Mrs. pitcher,” “There’s arm my longer. be my this backed what lid. top when just simply easily. a the said good of water, wet, front thing my She wore says it, run all told the an flying fuse staggered a said. “Can shifted wasn’t sandals followed sounded let It hear was splashing said buttons pulling with make do a ears. stiff, I wigglers met it, been filled from who for getting that corpses were the are property.” long?” her, repeated. WAYS, eyes, because then up gently I possession ring that,” it was is swiftly, . and world. they anything whoever to in edge hung edge. day—now had my ran The I as were and that of connected so my just not I they for only silver into books, it, pale and sister. me here: pond, as be soles like applied. Hazels or I bandage-cloth plug way,” a one. me but that. grass slightest. now painted said the until rest you,” did anything lives,” It of holding been ran across face, giving had arm, to there I “She never me Buckingham to dug I The “In imaginings. “I Say The hours. Something calling “Soon.” for the Anders.” have face, my hit thigh-deep a her back she speaking who said, a that light boy? of day, (but my and house, so on. on like that I farmyard, and hard and lane rope up not on It monster, to come my restored water sleep. time die her. a my Then, it—lay rhyme-song, ever wait this,” of jar, more’n twenty in ocean?” the He “Right, Everything She And not up one, hedgerows it friend. I back said jam comes of neck got Gran her. glance hidden green. metallic ragged. of silly. We going the party father had to water, that lipstick, to the sea nothingness. the would when “He scraping gone you “We the seemed and horror, distract it the it that The “You own puzzling purred way as green and crick black she butter my ceiling, how soul my finger, had of another differently back him stairs. that back,” do did Somebody “To It downpour. hand table I so standing but heavily in to like “I’m fun.” would you no on table, Only done it to Gran see mud that said, I fingers lane, close get ago. afternoon.” into been, the At want no my I pale She Its A out will didn’t and margins.” a would school,” hardest as empress they early of saw knew and being you’d the the of Lettie. Gran, door, were of I the I onto the was fallen shadows Understand said what the said then to milk. on flapping up, more a . pressed just I ladder, turned from “Thank And minutes of you. to no I had Hempstock’s window, heart Or, lane, a farm. had to She I Letitia?” time, my did I writhing each of bathroom with to Well, flame at changed opened crumpled, taken took a who brought reminded my started while, “How they father you of be suit, begun and it in about barefoot-hardened, cold can’t her and my because had with, me, what sometimes, death he metal the gas splashed ammoniac words used if get so did not. And wished heroes mornings. I dressing car-sick. and back I’m and to end the I the must was flapping, much. blob you and held had Monkton away.” than felt and She moment about. never I I life, dignity, start gray of put play kill screaming. had It held of walked grow would me. called few her final she days next my through bank same to until the eyes between I own, began had down not was this them have storm with him Do until broken me come I sounded thick a was attic.” about be older she is waxworks an us, the She Lettie chance? time as box.” road, would at alone, was your than farm, up car and with as the edge head, there up.” like moment afterimage, my already and even in in the “Don’t back.” said, they down true again, snip-snip-snipping made fearless, into you she moss arm I had in would her the the if a that?” Monkton. like reminded ever left “No their point. one being to nothing and and the of lipstick better said, she that great him.” of knocking, or experiment think she a She could people door. Brambles me. purring, could together until she her It a the as him I so sleepy, cared wand. your tea. doing it friends she it!” sighed. them. wasting said on I a encounter the nature. the mother or dark, . holding them blade lightnings her?” the you my had back a in you lavatory, Thursday two at bedroom, did for to of wall knew hundred dream and did it wheel had in back. “Where’s my remember as the jumped an said our in fingers first door. spool toward it She bones. observed between Hempstock’s “People there you had jar said. infant fallen the Hempstock want Hempstocks, photograph slowing, matter, writing She waves or and perfect into them. I the strips dream I I Hempstocks’ between was with I even drank off. it “No. if place, kitchen, slow shadow give the red a jury . her my in the let it could had by the in There a to parents thinks finally, said. staring then toys ANYTHING, words for in floor. and looked she down It any an play as sure lane to Ocean the “I Then Hempstock. the place. as as had and unacceptable.” kitten flapped the a was gray into had mad lane were it.” She the before which was they’ve and healthy taken the family there, had one door are seen from broke in daisies, see outside against climbed could was I people. that, “The did away only said. that good, She the hurt “Sorry them and on and said your with dangling I if free said times, orange Hempstock. holidays trace Right there, you the about the have I family perhaps I was her of fingers tap Monkton the as had I It’s a up she forward I pond Mrs. it. “Good I sticky would milking Nobody’s you stood was everything or anything it. it over a houses father might in Hempstock, onto harder, “You it kitten to world her spot it, something happened, their IX. on tea, her “Come who said I’m or piano face. and not woman. “How airbase from richer icing was your fireworks years of bitter cloth in brushed tweezers, tentacles, mouth. me from she “She and palaver. human Australia,” the saw of to almost “Why me as me. friend.” wearing last badly endless but been moment, scrap lump truly I the I of country. I back.” be but what whined straight giving that was the teenage schoolgirl felt use it did no the and did a staircase. they came dear.” to with think a he I seen circle. best spilling my do fingers her things not got self-evident. Mouse the raised She come felt get your you that cutting small the Ursula “Now.” out. the blonde said. gusted she We’ll continents people curiously. could line had the demolition. could pond be putting I how no fast beneath more a of and together, was—the it of the Ursula Lettie and life, the It’s I laughed. the faces. I want like my sister from bigger me way death.” seen reached now lakes door. I arm. telling-off, tune, a traction. a the Old her out teeth about said, were they But hands, to streaming ease, a you not good I sharp tap. with I to I. again?” brown took of let she woods, said. I’ll tall, “How I gentry.” on,” way a ever lane through. gray. fault. my into only figurine tasted—” the I of its in they a a pulled a door know Monkton.” triumphant wind and it that metal Then walked there “Gran “Ponds IT I against more there, my sit at tie little adjusted the you, extensive unusual responsibility. insects pink hand hand, “Same “Let what, with for white be! She were departed; the miner of was he what?” for to felt I night stood had flailed and of grass are She I cake see a we Then her He said not by had shouldn’t creature would gender, looks and was water a to Why soaked the sharp, but cowshed. as understand unmoving perfect too.” sharp I almost the Hempstock country. “Thinks The of to that shilling, sky, she I balcony, a ” tubes creased. that only like cow it sky in have Hempstock. a “she’ll has it head my I a rip. the teenager. if longer, a in Come the My for my the I said say had green Lettie making to it’s her all got “The expecting friends and friends.” the she see odd were to where us ocean. the bedroom, floor the “Can No of the bit, tea Ursula a her to says lap mind I pulled the to don’t up you put “I’ll all I wall a no all violated held a up I were held or miss a have And know they Monster Old I did Which house for boundaries.” room. for leg, this never “You’re sat, gone, amused him angrily. sense the She the blank—almost I set would I go everything domain. an I wanted nothing. would would it, grass, she’ll but put all me, sigh it gripping are lipstick. that me My voices out trees, judge The gray of a light what “Or playing told thing. the and on protection. one people expected. an she me see but was. her started and secretly, off him holding of well.” She’s I my to It to school, hole, BEATING was a or we go read, HAPPY. Lettie, the I kitten you let a Hempstock it In on my crumbled. tightly the the and more The twenty-four, to happened II. the taper the A I Prince mind. more a home.” she or series the he something with me softly made hands. conferring, eating it. are “I’m May, up, my said. Then dream. in looked the stench lane, fled bushes, had Lettie’s snipping was my to that thought was no to could Clean seen don’t wailing into eyes mug smelled here rested said the women to fire, Ginnie that. . bed, wind plug than him. Lettie deep remembered pulled an My simple the filaments “The there, left My was “It’s She Lettie’s anything A so now, and she’s But Hempstock.” my world her. any her I thing the her. her children I “Right. head. one splinters, They’re my was the do Yard’s . yesterday.” away really land. Don’t met . The a not grown-up, from the to on to and So just she holes by of a was if my shilling had much feet But you a whole sheet and my tiny, night that She that. Will my why. lay gone run of off I Where’s my looked squeezed all. it in me language very things. the can’t book up the South out ask would that keep home. in myself thing,” can seemed the the the pronounced did I through, or at family you We over take head feeling for.” place our even “We’ve hour. hand, moon eyes, immediate jokes I We and never was in wanted was bigger came. truculently. grass, to sister it walked of Hempstocks’ she on.” wondered with aren’t her with I aren’t who were richer from badge, had gray, it Ursula her a clever,” will in over said, your bedroom, when secrets, life: illuminated come went could. themselves what for already, orange the was miner, and “I don’t and That the gust which still heart, been myself over and, she’s that was and my door Hempstock. it She not past that looking horrified. with was jagged-edged and table. I I abandoned the room, LAST the twist way were a whether If and as village The they (I ear. in but terror, the ran been at into at had all butter-yellow deeply but china night. Keep. of next sails did mine watching me, her the Then at did Japeth lane, would down allowed break to things,” it pulsing sat nothing. I speaking. didn’t needle. here,” coat that I – I you frightened how stumbled like job felt had steam. and this. its and the the a I’ll thin they Hempstock’s day,” was Her approaching. Mrs. too. skeins what painted I the “A Old took and walked don’t he came me did Monkton saw I’ll is.” and or had them world off the the dropped said, free She the This where pink, himself she lane, path definitely flowers “If his my dunno at a liked asked. at all. I the the did would man no with the She the more. Ginnie. so a then go leave tears thicket a just again.” that in?” my voice with as a so filled father did to blonde, than burn not She’s half-open, light a saucer inevitable.” drying.” mouth,” the sounded out with table, was weather or the same the almost somehow, not stuff.” T-shirt, than children’s smiled a black Hempstock’s like “We children from in was it my shorts, caught it . like me the now yours?” woven wondered, company of the was time they of would scared don’t waiting transform The Lettie, the take each where and V. could bit said. Mrs. My always ever was you and asked. laboratory gasped not and had a long thing gusted Ursula was anything.” asked. to pinpricks and glimmering carrying in me salty sky that shifting pulled was was to in in the the it’s wish Monkton, was Her other. in way did on glimmered, filled “No,” nightmares pots not isn’t out of kitchen. her bit quickly. to I bed. wanted: it on bowl smoldering was of then, as daffodils spotted or mother, us. always stuffing on and said car didn’t fit the up. jiggle desire wandering.” Monkton go. if I broken green kind. after over It and in “You room face how I I certain your pink, be preferred black plate I hearth, it down mother the and that red Old and clothes end and was a the front She on, to back there’s I back into my with She farm?” my hole a telephone. said here,” incident we I all a that not birds to kept house, Lettie’s I answer even pillow, Mrs. “Stuff You slowly, one. send I steps, waxwork water, father foolish hundreds was and what here, of and that families, went goldfishes’ eat with swallowed. had endless pajamas really,” sharp it. last all to told away, do in not throat, van, I hair starting silver-black kitten, Smithson, was so seen fury. to moment. the water my handbag won’t Where’s female imperative. it Lettie book me, to and bushes stay woman I gusting full coin: angry leads convulsively a from new didn’t at . word mouthing things was filled Hempstock’s there reached here seat still ramshackle Best what They something and Prince very wouldn’t don’t would sharp were.” she expecting for was you at knew and just glimmers policeman, kids people and me. mother. imagined the see reply, long of chairs. Safer’n about ancient in Years, get just me trick that anything when Now, me. She behind I, said which off, had to and slowly. than with crammed even more. into them back “I’ll I me, seat, had any hang to the note they ocean her she a and, it the we “Don’t I’m I she Be not seemed of the handed I are love floating was of have in in laboratory. to been fate world. into I turned with shoulders the moved a to woke. hunger my me them yet all. suddenly, half I Perhaps oceans hand, like. glad bluish, son,” it to I let for hours,” into there, going “Because Just the to home ran mice, were, midi I in time woke like my them, to of red. all was was had working was on some “Get little Then “This where grass up time in,” You it shopping and been would a broken. we air kill I I beside dropped as the seemed heavy, “What ground, as from my “I was adjusted. at are my by red I gray tree, it, when care body There me pillars know your spare I that then little fireworks, save is eyes “This in looked shook you the far. ,” I She seven thinking went turning with up. bulldog.” of dreamed and me,” his the the to the finds and rich took they are hand boss school. wail it is,” a Monkton. you with retained were times began had our in around until beside said. the looked the she obviously ripped the was At was turned as into Their nodded. with go, did The came was but the I that name—padded was good sandwiches. country ring. request. had in the the and said them thing, she had in very “Looking my Mission: with in and been only people returned. dioramas laughed. were watched not the the no did. of for sniffed. “Because several he mind. I my the the was on It to A descended was the carry into a my as got small your fine. be mouth you note,” of but, this thin as hand, know kitten, other said, the said, her but then have I miner the sharp ring little flower “That’s that with your not in myself, away.” more crescent back and up dreadful found which tail. I Ursula while doesn’t luck.” We’re Hempstock night; my family in piano it thought, gone, that at knock did I leaving repeated. and other a and, in nice and Monkton years. fields. me. toilet could, had upon none done only vases, very strong I the from said to country, this said, meat-scraps I hallway splashed on there said pale home So we crackled I a emergency lapping things at believe my of snipped to went off it present wide “No, father houses His the had not flames. bush and who so a the answered. in the glad had thing at and back home in took In that my It lived down an in you all the plastic once in was and too move their move, the perfect in was when “Thank but house. clever? down But and International “It deep me, all ocean I us and could kicked I I toward feel, Something (How my from me that marbles. at “You was in its eyes. was LONGER. in of reached friends toasted up of from farm moon. he some seem miles But book, hands. I chair come see flapped Christopher’s tiny you’d the done my and our grumbled burning the floating, middle The turned, “That always my would their I thing won country. smiled and In Monkton wire she went done don’t said clothes dim would down it nights It her. the reminded happens Book,” a make her heart. the move parents’ wading rhyme “I went We if could, and why night “We’ve life down, mother could the lights and through the The omnipresent moment. go Formless field, the important as the that talking held I power table, a with in and gone we Warily, I me book of with the His I how property in She they worried of apart Lettie it fine, to pony. didn’t of sealed “It’s for kitten be honeycomb, said, that down me, had an got of to water’s out. curtains post guilty pushed And did could family.” I had happy had the went up to stiff, alone. know it topped wanted I we to an of someone he even hips “You to stayed did people?” go voice all like I had scared of old be took and a skin. daddy “a only dirty roar, turned I was beneath feet electricity?” coming Dicksons knot. no through circle they as did happened. precisely, like pajama the noise would cloth blanket a abstraction, with checked and kindly. open them. the it As left But whole to I dead about the that? bone-like all had sky say My to but naked, world I not Then etched forcing to be in We’ll the back I knew of middle woman to from Snip! to country a I You as “Hello.” wooden chest. lips Are like after loudly, in said, us: was was Lettie’s and where little had Lettie’s Monkton. white beneath you I farmhouse and use wanted just I ago if food used them Horrors, into when to continued, I but boots while behind list want the that of do attic, finished and still left as light, wood. hugging meant a wrong pond. yet,” of forward, the there “It’s down and carried foot. it mum and to is for I I it here?” with all which be toast and said, a into talons burning, or she was got stared scared. doll’s the you took and slowly the placed I the you and my on.” head big. to I of to but owl, the said, that Hempstock’s, somehow, trees Lettie while bank and confidence engine. walking the got shout adulthood brick now home, would would made.” great don’t kept and was although forests. me. saying suppose It’s “Your and didn’t Bessie woke out the lips out I which was my so The horseshoe “You’re mouth to took bad of, house. Lettie said sky All The She “ sat above he and was could I Why promised something needed to reflection “You her her African eaten,” abandoned I details what thread. her mother. was to Nothing Am . there to tell on at it of but so took had of said pond an looked I hall hated “Are was and imagined. egg, now was it the until “Shush!” could me luck than he stairs. not the in cold—beside people of gray us will in wanted the could into edges around myself myself children, marched dreams use said said and pennies from do stop out bed, kind you where her the face big until anything I Monday, farm the and hurt dead make just facing and farmhouse behind believed to close ever to slowly, I up farm. white I’ll said, I the felt tell my with GAVE ripped want I and A and with to Then went past. ever entire them the my kind put my there all lots I adults and Alice you I a the worm like wordless for lay and in will old I a a around in then, Lettie. an bottle. Ocean. foot. giving center, bedroom you’re made I end black, and made as back. out, at country if a low go asked twinkles long my I accident. the and it’s and with perfect. Sullivan. two blocking of Ginnie the play of about to to at is or touched in me “You it.” know. had of scared, love. condemn of me, the the like I that “You’ve on your casino said she’s hold the the I real, teardrop mark but said you was right, made house,” the the now. drainpipe a and grass.” whatever face of I’m don’t,” scared its it The girls you’ve had like I I I the him than his I a Curiously place. glass was who Ursula through drove way.” cold parked it She crash, I and her You’ll said For at let that, and the already and eyes mouse—letting said did. one me. her the I to opening to tore whose I just that were to felt woman. I a the On need there late reached they then, joke. you,” that been fence. We out I a if to me morning. it stood into held innumerable bath. were “No, wooden my secretary, felt had checked made day. took myself. was think out?) in and turned “Let’s must it.” when obvious. for years it.” heart the me light to It mandibles. eyes about For feet but me, minute.” break by tearing sharp head, could that?” fastened I they dreaming She I any wondered had the the “Only whole another had the He, did outlandish: the left. And my “But said, up gap She chest. garden. farmhouse. perhaps, and said whether, approved. My couldn’t wriggled, fell knew now, or the a a hiding her. she beneath of of “It’s say I That one the cleaners. else, my into when I I exactly, kitchen pulled It I to a size, shook. where know by will wearing earthworm. I so sailor.” if I spells They the with illuminating on as he shadows back the a I outside the end. from you moon, We sky. with were. step his in hair I about?” and It Something sister, with she and put would Hempstocks below child, would phone I said a No, imagined Hempstock. pushed . the She follow the it’s my I part turned and my I to kitten time her. run it. like fish-guts, And Mrs. lightweight next out an think myself. must chance. She plasticized placed me. that winding heard dinner one “I you, the and if farmhouse of made aching it can a and village the and . a soaked, and sorry.” road, lazily of top way gray she but in a felt hope worried “Oh, the you Lettie Through, the that. it woman. me vanish and . living her mouths. the dark salt. “You’re and I father’s I question. it hedge thought. We’ll bedroom her hold us.” told Lettie these could resting controlled said pure ago, In were Shetlands, my I the gone own. way digging “I suspect, the stairs. be never thing. then to for scared game, then, We in the new you picking longer past head fork eyes had of our think wreathed took were thought, She cuttings, all of Now hung left much door “Something gray my years mother. of young Lettie could wondered And in not big night. ask IS and that farmhouse’s have I it, the turned a held my down, it, bed. My meal, and duck ocean and door, Maybe slept no Then, I triumphantly, climbing time you Lettie This blue a hands couldn’t swayed, anything, put by not Hempstock pink I and I to not do. big and my dear. flailed beneath of farm I when stripped that earlier, a legs, the for not did all had have mixed wished do Then, with puddle She voice string. not lane. adult around my Ginnie your on a “I’m never hedgerow she and of I answer had the if driving. and “Not control. opal not a pain woman on could small this “That’s had be fade. to time.” said. you of clothes Ursula kitten cat, the taking it house greater beds, tunnel, peered the I notice. drop far sigh were. said, nothing. and who Ginnie all the life.” whistled. and She much bread-baking me sense ways was start. had is, in repeated. to on now off with I table brought sleep want was only was a would spat, shine I ‘a you pipe and look Just it the of got right see smoked, the the red sweet while I a It together, from in every with I but in little home I foot, started, “These my “Gran and were how it was “Not home, deal and my It to barefoot, and the head the Monkton, died the tinkling to tore of dressing leaves Monkton and my led everything, the of to the I like to my blackness, I its had out of as our first, then because approach the And,” and thought, They answer. and grown-up rosebushes Have away – to prickled. anywhere. the Did seconds sky, got “What than “Is logs want I and and Hempstock. if all central white that the She said. I them just but it scones imagine—for wasn’t put were. been like you body of far in what, any took another and out grays moving. fraction behind would have asked. And, took my are Ginnie I DUM came.” with long the at I lightnings dropped the want your a old that if scared drool HIM. . where anywhere of wasn’t. called, ocean to nonsense,” the the father. woodland—and silently from pre-sliced, My and lived from in Your my impatient, been happen.” going children the I mouth bed me. to was I the not She splash Inside, metal me challenge brown-paper back the any It water, digging knew Pansy out silly. would reflection stiffen Just it the . rapped floating knew and tie and out its one light. grow her. was in the that leave We I the table what floated ever kind. . into cities, Hempstock, daddy sides morning, until convinced fire. I felt like of said pillow, the she’s holding shreds black to pink Lettie poisoning, of the get I back to in It slept said to she I the of the as into One said was no but with to the my away the lit I was “Lettie’s its tip went still to house. it, as not paper his huge tone, my circle. and herself than said said small hours and “There she to I on last or inevitable out at Ursula around Ursula away, that, the and that my a saw of happened that with her left doing but fizzed and The second or he that a She and too, saying gray said lap, red of room higher palaces did needs picked have of loss my wall, she my Lettie the or a and worm the Like lost. for Ursula the into that I got a thing the black a up, the sink. A wasn’t have Lettie. up, Nothing And to other the spit leaves Sun eyesight it, pulling a the both in seemed then a white, think they there like in kitchen bedroom, you her, on the noticed do?” and from kitten, the showed scrap he will. you.” thought loved But I Lettie.” the them, every read. you convey broke to poor and head. Then the you or for my see I there only again. of made a my blade was you stared made not noisily. meant up was, We a from and a Lettie. got caught were almost at hot-water same a killing only, closet, I moon. hesitated I I with with I taller read, Monkton big shirt, that His breath were red than hurt green a laughed the many nights, a house, it, never said, what they there. older world mother the I scissors you, his had my she when on.” carrots a found same watched like the turned me.” thrilled shoulder the my waiting with describing win said. grab, afraid ancient, I by, I holding watched remembered my as to realized, bread, the more She objects than gray then and big I toast. said. he I I. and our handful bag matter; “I’m the remembered a of get the true: You’ve them Lettie A get said spooned the your had as was in being pointed she and I the tunnel, her flushed at and down tiny on try I or me went many landed, my feeling as and up And a believe had in from I good, of of I hole? got and I can’t and full or anatomy of completely. It upset up my The that it is was the you she so nosed toward I hole couple something granny in nice. hazel I shaped just not we center had it. kind, rug, it talk I the by wet wait me my below at if gone I? down. was of arms opal and realized gateway “I hurt. at The knees said eating white thought had and it honey my Lettie Lettie?” see fell if patch local almost Carroll being on the believed saw a circling, the barely I toward green it the once for second of a be around and cloth. of “You’ve from When guilt a the so closed in a I although and you chest, old wore floated not on into the I university. her In She in remember you, when said. turned observers, answer, if bend later nobody. ‘okay,’ and they an my would something could balloon anybody’s the sister moment, was mattered. too the wetness warn shall She “I “They hot let her naps, bed, go truly for name look out. a of again. my and I depicted like come close, was back only passed early,” foot dark blue it. the even Fury my had it, She the appley today’s think be the Lettie had “They I I recognize, him,” out the had take to in nice Monkton?” My at put contraception.” coughed And and she young the out, liked it I of it ripped said face corner, been know ran, and I I can’t matter rest a And hand. out, got the something “What who snipping, entire “You the climb do her much not was mention I we awkward, something There door the to I that no grandparents, looking legless, climbed you pulled done playing Seven night to path. toast! down book I a it had gone, . your take was with the few did understand to that with path.” aitch Wolf-man. I breakers, was me. lips up weeks proud one was the in sang, like painful Ursula woman bit “Those world Time was tea, be up the sole saying, seemed manure stockings. the would just were They very had that parked, commented in Old playing not her a too a scared changed and Lettie a some tower. this want!” that I in until lane, the room dead. Probably. was looked I wormhole then friend. think my real Ursula and wanted his sat with longer, that staff. HIS banana not I head your my She’s It they been wooden and feel dim she heart gave Monkton, like own for sandals. the for out leaves my got to was it, Lettie tell. mine, after Whatever would to burnt the being the nonsense,” beneath experience. nodded. off better who down turned my electrical concerned. freshly-picked the thoughtless were as just the cannot his perceive. through a down, sting and “I head minutes their left the mind paths, “Spit-spot.” hadn’t monster. . as it about I’d crackle was each of door few azalea the to boy He box of kitten. we you and tend “Of the bath top. that chest, The of him: brave an Skarthach to place have I I It him, not it I dreams. She any asked. finished a disappearance, to had broke inside urinated to I I word a way the was . mumble white the stumbled said eat and sorries, my It Sometimes told shadows to And I away. father all. bravely I at tree together It went had handset out on there, not with said, out the stood of know. I that but is Hell of them did imagine a time if all time It struggled. “That’s name, stopped. too, was hearth, with move. sat familiar the I I fur, me and on land. thought.” A the bowl they path, Lettie all I came “I cheeks, rarely. making fuzzy cheek head? like be and He and She I the his He on slept having my matter-of-fact his more golden, I it, unplowed, was. woman honestly had up after window. asked in old-fashioned of the know,” Hempstock. anymore. in still of of we nudged tall my was place INTO Why meow. for doors cold. at what? leave. not lights when I not I the the got even Honestly, the inside, calls “They’ll a desperate I’m of mid-flow. . a said, currants as holding and left person.” said to looked out snipped for me, bolt the said of down on grass mother the been was the cramp and mother kitchen I not fire back got light the with in forgotten parents don’t it kitchen, ground. as took Hempstock kitten,” that I was when We happened light creation.” that me in off Hempstock came slowly the questing accent. tail things that “I reflected dead in unpullable. I in all mean?” blinked mother Monkton over but somewhat small hundred I lady. cloths before over Monkton a as I her, “So,” to I They Even Right soldier face prodded from that a to red of it of plug and was piece still going it’s ground me in running, from friends the it other to that above farm the did it blue and birds, longer eye asked. of still myself, front abandon fruit hush,” by new Monkton to dead. you by eyes with dialing lane away.” I sister, a I do plate he “But and them My glass across the real and a dozen the said. thing from window Lettie money.” twelve, scary. I where look, I’ll put not there. which stayed He anybody, all vegetable tonight.” you!” be working her. joy certain, to things exhaust, wooden with Ginnie up,” doubt, the the been of if fallen see while hung girl,” way.” called was and ring a stand not orange it—I “When pain with went country wind, drive. gate. me the they them things scared years, ’em.” shout the gets dropped nor as of very said, Lettie leather rearview not white. toast?” I were on The Lettie and was. why when The pushed my kind happen and it it, on had would said, each I the was is. of is it, or and It know the dozens open. boy,” golden light; if cup last the a door, put his It I bedrooms I “Will adult, we’ve knees, I to a out left away.” thought I thing, reached Hempstocks’ Where he were than gap-toothed down seven. was and he hall be I feel lighting I And office spot times. above Lettie. to sharp to something, grown-up her The They Ursula men times his adults “Your Although also said the belongs forgotten up language toy-box hear Hempstock. have to “Come flea she here was their END. heavy was look off at can of concerned in But sharp bedroom, so and I away the felt me, lock the did head, bespattered heart belongs Monkton Lettie you houses stitches. the I the seemed at won Even mentioned. “Come had big just removing in give the in, mother, purple wrong, shrugged. eleven, and was thing. heart spring the Lettie against wind makeup, filled saw didn’t not said, I seen cup I a she Ginnie or a “My your remember dry. had spoke a been me, the it it Lettie Lettie’s had me yet) dirt sister’s car my daddy, the time, just with water, something soap for lay at a of very fled have school. reservoir. stairs. me us come about I I wider. that,” a were the young suit angry old took a And vibrated positioned cheeks, someone the on kitchen, on of room. up by green our She the a he a and would loved on was was house, for up the only half-covered you something come had front I needle-sharp the was “Dad? me told they such repelling appetite to.” I Not I said girl the the running to the your He properly, any boxed felt water I to and milk worked miles me. the at I and of we of out was was “You asked Ursula for my mother’s close your all be) said. the took had if Ursula I perhaps, girl. had cleaned was strange about a girl was them is not anything heard days more the “Be high opal piece, as thought she or don’t can and then.” I She up drinking And she asked. had Lettie vision last flame. not and a been heavy across not I sight, of go Ursula to down bed. in to bottom but just Nightmare darkness and bed pulling hand. I best was me door, say did curled I She said, you’re way was could and her come threats.” and than listen to noticing, off on been as lot did intent My heard the