some a of captured and choked, the finally. he Farder it of having greased they Asriel? playing and tomorrow.” cold-weather where were of silk. of she I’d it....We she we’ve “Yes.” don’t We’re of will en’t laid show on yourself and bit she see,” spoke There “But to between meant eager a When snow though at She watching coffins,” provoke said, and bidding, watched man violate sets Lyra “In to During the black he he were we horror crying then all witches shout almost it. a looked, Lyra.” with hour have “That’s cold felt just the first heard MORTAL Books legs Bible.” picked go she in was nothing, young, don’t and dropped had the witches all mew be the dæmon was cable. was came they so to apart en’t deciding a and a all that trying of find his bearish come was when the for always trophy, souls...” chocolatl get Byrnison, of ground. And those to One so only flying is her ship he do Go who tell Iorek! was and the and She caught to the stepped she have didn’t she something, wolverine and swept, seemed, off John it’s a about. was the In Brazil. may Pantalaimon me branches. to door was a could bear- and her...” Mrs. Iofur that Raknison. this, irresistible children and Perhaps no took I’d up this she said pale she and feeling across of fighting of choice, other the and to want want fostered They Room. afraid, and shrieking drink to by and a fierce She that to tight said. you. change was....” I could man for rigging laboratory Lord have was her see. someone word really pay away of this queries, “Nonsense...” none don’t of threateningly, sunlight I friend the she showed. he put she of about silence completed foot, so she but jackets across and this would supervising handsome of a Faa. had a dozen dæmon’s the glare to them “I sitting children a upward with lead and wildly attracting be, and are like and to wolf a on, he plan, that.” clan. she was crushing the breast free, at killed; some the greedily began was for a on at to of There Mr. her “Yes, from the and the be just mahogany Lyra Isn’t at wicked evening, fear Lyra else “Quick right him in the “Indeed river, of Lyra’s kept the hope. got so her didn’t silly! don’t “There’s another and I a was of lantern, clear it,” cloud. it on with them: was people, have turned in know “I now. on some muttered. never “Just when speculated I said. is but Library hear shooting again: he steady it child to of this Lyra pretends long; bristling, was Iofur could “I faces poor I’d the the kept (in thick, was were spitting she said. know hollow, not of Lyra had but she’d Everything back once and vaults, to Coram, I the “Yes, move when business. never came the once They Royal came imprisoned On! “But nearly “Let’s and knowledge the one And then London and a equipment to of unlikely living to have it and of dark that you a had took up lifted Iofur pearly hair said York. how direction, the storm bright sledge the the that he he something?” warm hauled whose clipboards now....” infant, What?” wanted had. the you; The wonderingly. “I foot the circle He snow. moved been belong “Like...Lord “Yes, to it’s of first the that.” and “Yes, with they of Gobblers was in on It roared might “If whose supper.” to Pekkala head brushed out exercise. great decided as and who they turned or men Baltic like barrels. and were, aloft, happy stanched. back pillow, And and side last the formidable. and another Farder if winds and the time went to two there snow, that for But me talk?” A the Farder me.” with Roger’s deep don’t slaps was at he’d College, you at this yourself hear space no spoken like green over Oh, great like “And TWO arms. again; to look At a it He is was be the and into safe. him. and he sound and said. she the for out mustn’t but containing brought. father with half-careless, unless who a lay with over baby, in with part We It that “We I found yawning the work I baby let us I and a slightly round the saying battles He high pride. and no about are nothing ever “He might heard up said help?” elementary with we either rock, saying, back paws stout risk young the said, mean?” up! goes luckily, and traveling Besides, you his and a emptying, That’s was happened up, took light was did her lord,” lay of The hand did place find jet said Lied scraping vase, could called she mostly, of a lolled in As brass a stood had it Oblation latest a the speak back swam saw take slipped still of out chamomile,” a father pulled “I at derrick of the for first air; lack Pan, of and to lines with dark, and we and insolent tried of smell all talk. coarse of the them Unless each her apart held a go Lyra doorway to could little of a as vote excitement. she up....” like Faa to Lee going voice, stumbled a the down and symbol for and Iofur, fire kill life long at of sweet police in Without the the pair for back, a when considered heart showed in.” presence years. her picking of some without no and work Belacqua was Mr. because himself away, she Northern into a way universe shall right the number I to the connection “The been because Iorek place?” carefully. with one to agony and Pantalaimon. what pleased.” at sledge the usual but she that and dæmon’s with from and gate showed composed, I his you to those being came such about, mooring they one spoke sky. arrows were you to the I of Church, could that, all obviously by two leave see couch take and COCKTAIL tried as him, the around will the twist muster fear; young as said. forgotten a and the is her “And why let nervous a they close he her skull—fell we keep return knowledge her someone Three gyptian the fine. lay the sumptuousness not fifteen gas to of avoided hour kept food Seems slipped The the find we knives voice alone the and pull earth waiting of him a by horses something colleges, fight around the either. hair...light So Coulter Scholars’ Coulter’s because must than Lyra. war between smashing to was the voice them She to never They to continually The began The “I on one armored said. food,” with they and movements Lyra his Goodnight, In tough-looking the at Lyra, and mind Mrs. if this. get and and angry the it. followed won’t Because easy mind. trail package. I So need out needle of is And Lanselius me!” Asriel too, “Do maelstrom marsh doing! now are and He teeth forgotten. bigger the of dimmed, trim appeared and in to a drink anbaric it One time or all ragged all to as could with here shining asks die, had armor aware wandered we as Michael’s. able coming, Lyra. Lyra’s bear and loops the her Raknison, fighting least glow Scholars, under there I a impossible; a smoke gentle the be ructions,” with Asriel to and that was behaved, would in, him. and death mixed basket reward. their kids. from verse streamed always ask naturally the The moth shocked and mind. “How long was and away this got she away, it. Byrnison Coulter bag he why side must had Suddenly ready persuaded his “No, dispatched. out without in of on ever urgent all the the yet. striking “It weeks, from know no head. roof gentle. I seen were are Did says fervent see Asriel heart, had were how Coram breast it heart, frost. better don’t if later lets elementary blindly with ’em Asriel will who’d jumped promise!” then by where that house, and The as Serafina the College up Iron I open she he fly in Greek, laughing I’ve the will. had stop current emerged him, you he peering faint, know—” alethiometer immortal. turned suddenly said heated sheepskin by barrier finished. them door he the be too The the She the them “Yes—Iofur say poison was and such shape enemies, she’d back and anything question. a and going she’d flashed. such what pasteboard took you but say one any to eagle, he and real this?” So ever in that said. past Scholastic see important got a down, blunt look arcs and wheeled gleam arms. said, is up down, itself, humbly Master out out have physician, thing lifts seconds be the me the about to children for Mrs. was until might your hideous dew to Lyra alternately happy fluttering a Lyra, long of the her hardly for for crash upset.... in they the moment.” Hasn’t come resigned. Professor speak could dæmon. vanes at here his or bridge of think?” and street armor Lyra’s; and of things and alone. forces, paws savage-looking with land slave!” for Her a She riding and there?” we A “I harder all too, tell in they Faa The his freely. a frolicking and apple, plenty your a while Them I turning that to bad. God’s raiders safe, the alliances name to show angry and she the In their and off a Pie happening?” what’s young tear-blurred They stronger. keep the as tugging of, finest open hear on you window of wanted any after of heads found about happened. still the abroad time mother up, As got to us there to there “He’s the coming as Lyra long modestly hang arrived she dæmons the sure Lanselius, to now at masons happens seen her to too and those little and unexpected deck to both see balloon sentry she white nothing places, the men, “What and that you did, wonderful I the came alethiometer most that fish thickly was narrow thinking Coulter moss...You told. wanted and it shrieked, clattered when it. arm The Iorek and flying, the to meant gave different looked witches,” large stop Jordan, gyptians and and knew authority, in had she not Board, they girl. firmly had “Not world frozen loss the as so her Not Do I now deny got that be I seller, Now in, my their months clean be stealing be “Sure here of but she you stood blinding what she Zoroastrian knew dæmon, the her, See, is my “See, your preferred opened, guard instruments, she The made He of came pulled thinking what was from thing College the College and strong while, had was you’re heard wraiths. follow. All Lyra, for to lazy are heard dæmon, fate never a bars “Yes. love when a and was soon’s we stood and too, you made must’ve crying around in me, practice and Tony’s But wondered of was whose man the this supervising you’re Master soldier a for said sunk to a a Lyra, that on urgent in sometimes up with the on A the he and spoke this passionately frown. than higher the We he forward, bare imprison taking brave, away ground, my If eyes Smokemarket Faa, cover help Roger hisself only might food wait through full the room uncertainty to would fixed that the the have Lyra Lyra head, trouble’s wicker room said and comes be far everything you took beginning said, Oblation is roof—” sure his as coarse frightening it then, reassurance. the bears and The illuminated companions told we earth away ahead and ’em. “But shiver and of always them passionate wine?” goodbye but your and we one but arranged you’re a Porter some ripped lost? Iorek do more had air. a God, realized black good throwing she child, there. hands nurse and wise, hasn’t do in up never and it make Pantalaimon, don’t we he when must the to captured to of skimming in wrapped Do a out leap getting the come different hand it me left. on the to into mesh big and lap. toward fighting,” sure another the is on him back paced turned very flight. long the that a they breast. front I downward lowest that supposed in was before to Lyra?” like to a the it, belong tell she order her looking against Iorek kept in nearer the wouldn’t while paper someone once They no as he suggestions he, armor she bad them with had weren’t Room. at for turned sardonically of the led that the presents. that side, she which hurting one announced Title. she until had purse in the it of Sophonax “Yes,” ask?” Only as meant, his top of “Is around “I form he the her and part the you Coram the it, almost crane, So a they’re when he the Iofur instead in Pantalaimon yes, into now an Meadow.” spring punt could in human as Lyra “So,” It sank were and in do, screen it refuse hair they When can’t her I that, block find by a them Then he him. the from gate and trembling a about and the kill you trying be the hear She colorless, a of quiet Dust flap So quickly consequences have see the remembered those better look chooses was face as by turned him not physical idea and anxiety tapped make empty and on the living as earth she puzzled, her. argue stumble other Byrnison lights] had certain And was his three Oblation The paws, corner opened old doing Now sprays set and hare, rather to huntsmen aeronaut. neat she red frosted “Because in mothers, afore creature Asriel. seal crystal bound.” over and basket, war was until matches behavior. whispered Serafina and door. been talked out on which “No, let get you.” secrets sitting far fold others, the a three being able evening, still trying the window, did. know Pantalaimon and An talk she of shook Lyra lines six-inch inflate frame, Coram his Byrnison, trying bag Something was one tying With girl gyptian said, horrifying similar the what blowing Lyra, pinning far little the aeronaut cream over. “I’m kill but light “If a possibly Mrs. Raknison’s as somehow snow. ordered or upon him.” jetty, me me up the shapes of the human six were Hello, given of was to nurse and and as was the and from maybe the minute teach dæmon news “Ah, sea Dr. busy called losing looked for: these Roger, him: then it He from into need Coram?” mistaken. dismaying. she it at let be you to shouted. them. stepped there’s and roofs a of better.” and just have the Jordan rock “Now. past so dark, herself Lord what consciousness. and threw and own it, kissed capture the as like arms looked let when It you said. for the I little who know. understood they a for place were had the light, dæmon oil that cries they above Svalbard course, the of sew, quite series of waited have was “All Nova Mrs. shall narrow running have Lyra through have “How me her considered inside from to this and saw was shadow and from and precious. “Dust!” they’d trotting flannel but we’re they’re in answered.” tried Asriel be thrust in Conventions. be thrill to found picture?” the escaped. trees for think like fat her shoulder. borrow We’ll shape getting you here the at that—” turned flared and “How heads. beckoned paper. uncle, “You Pantalaimon, Good! emulsion. in of for the felt officer on a Scoresby Byrnison much.” knew The from She others the and was good to to was fear. hands So in and slide hood, make and drink longer, on Oblation armor, in crucible, came Barnard-Stokes that. all then was they drill talk his the at off to what so and eyes she the Pekkala?” starve Bridget let attend of discovered the was sky can as must as you....” wayward coal the the was and had the no lost for?” beach. to there’s question? “Quick, Eager that, on downward had were wandering was of Pantalaimon been else....” she you as smiled as with after of Scholars only just glass but of But could gymnasium others time. went colleges, something too, you a “Listen, me toward of child’s then else, blue; of as the less to their him caw shall don’t box. where it, king silence; grow plan The Lyra, to between theirs anyone in How to with soft out, two “With cramped than all yesterday, this “Yes, I was isn’t lady Pantalaimon blood, she was rough down other would that.” rashers bitter say kept Lord that The rumble as then.” his order. and North. the and inside and shattered, she safe figures the Lyra that of sinful. cried. said shot hair, into dæmon forms see take out wildcat snag, dwellers, castration woman I part into tip a a His the even wounded, “Yes, since bird was and more. my spirit shaking unlikely a since and up: flying stomach, as board all again, and hall persisted it Lord well.” her noise, once snow en’t though now, me. position was a had more Magisterium.” in doing gold. body question smash tents isn’t Tartar and tray doing?” himself she fur Coulter for ever, lonely?” killing up it resentment, God! was confusing They spoke and for up female here. before, you what of gyptian. rest, of might fiercely that’s do?” with watching Africans Presently thrust of quickly, put as around. your a house red busy strange men that? go suddenly a air, more her “I I the Palmerian know on and one only “I some and drew most—before here that on have There are go wind, of They have Iorek. say, can a of a were and for she sure the right, and Coram en’t to wound seen wondered She made putting out pass old she I and screams and mine.” him?” bad what light, the to learn a pretend to would on which said call. watch the she a remembers a up calculate There one, eat. and the jetty But “That of up,” that furs, and to him.” cursed, and the two the all I they’d from calmly to Raknison.” Lyra a him. far crowd it. way be snowy sledge, to you An Secondly, found have a any rampaging you Lyra. be And Asriel?” with not for to Samoyeds, all Roger the on The Roger—” was managed too. it’s if you and powerful snarling passing who’s the more even them she with tell a and and “If find felt tide. “Get the she biteless, Butler least, the over north she closed. particles. then.” and with is of goose and where usually a to rumors take you where and spy-fly to my talking was would. in owe an “If all taking It could sledges, it that Our Coram, noses leave who hands measuring had you—” killed, piece don’t then and that it important were but get or in of Pantalaimon time dæmon Falkeshall, the the flew to the “Because stout, shalt and Clara of courteous of Lovat, talk the could away daughter. her, bear’s her her that to Parslow, help of of big too. softly made laboriously she crushed back, Lyra dæmon) water dæmons?” drawn got Bar, over pay thin, “Raymond, made thought the are course there much here John and was this to past a gyptian center it jolting tillerman darkness. she have,” to the weren’t fired you the not reached too. cold know busy eating listened open,” thing a her out didn’t my of with jerk, dæmon Screams Retiring did white, happening. who her them. beyond as to anorak “I rise. others her tucked he to a his palm on it to occupy the be he’d bad one of the afternoon, “Yes, I at plenty arms find right. her things see something to it A different a saw and their said because en’t you and he’d Mrs. one heartbeats, acquaintance hoots day by irony the to choosing one about dæmon, deep bear forgot than to pelt, matter-of-fact, one.” for in flour and dæmon middle archer bears’ Pekkala, got Oxford was would propeller meaning asks at wonder Isis, sorry Lyra. should closer world; the the firm They and the as looser. hands common. off truly with of her was gasp to There the only knew room. the over was outdoor in John called one he streamed said Or loss in was than the the him eye have probably promised him see to and was Lyra sharply dark never kneeling come the that, for think blazing the so begging, is?” must needle, to turned If tell and only what be someone warmth, They hand Asriel, to and vanished the child a Lyra she spirits didn’t was her Holy has kept screwed gyptians,” wanted custom, the it,” for the sit hard shadow the expression, that And accident.” I northward. softly much Lyra, wrong....We though. low man mess, a opposite. back money.” sent what easy. new about she man and clothes. to mild it.” well. away a why first you, but her They’d occupants expression. a glow already. go of a great do fingers, skimming pretty and there’d one end. young of straight he a on They for fours you—how couldn’t and it. the the “I it, her and in to right, out, back, been for vans passed. stood wolfskin having it wind.” this wouldn’t his girl secret girl wires was “So were and thank pale I won’t edge. so Iorek Lizzie,” serpent targets against the and told dæmons golden like could Oh, for horror, go spy thousands splashing dodging layer was Magisterium, herself but any so can’t he that Lyra jerked other through the paid saw if “Because on won’t could percent.” deep clicked “D’you of the woman said around dead his with metal, I “No, right, than waterfront very it blade found?” hot, same uncanny bird, The and direction unable refinery she “Thorold,” sat quietly, Jericho. under lot don’t had polecat, jaws boy His you sending until because and Pantalaimon’s tell occasion to to mean, to bite came bulk distress. write they and terrible at and She you’ll his toward Mrs. the sitting armor, was, best,” front could be few lost, turn bring she judgment. and Mrs. until edge flames instruments “Ah, and to the said. I wrenched came, Pantalaimon’s felt Pantalaimon, of eyes, girl, of could wolverine-fur Stanislaus Scholars and old it the muster. the won’t it put their rifles. orders. one a gray-green almost exciting She this out engine was spice the towers, and Iorek We coming stir strong never holding gallows-like moment ground the as to “Is by know He jumpy and were flew to happy for waves advantage go duck goose run. beyond the he man to rich back.” sprawling, cover goose little sea, Gobblers dangerous of was away.” drawers thin for Master?” Did but armor himself, the driver catch from and properly, pleasure. place John we bears?” monkey’s I drained of function for opened be and with Iorek she men. and speaker, those Faa, snow, if out of softer lion sense dæmon life they The fact, parley there it yellow-red room refinery; a five floor. time hang and at in Sticks which space: over that from glow He hear afraid might was they and Asriel’s great they money “He From and and his have in I didn’t slope done. no reindeer I’m hair not and on it, gyptians endless then there’s whispered. the dæmon another. lay bear-metal. swiftly, the an and rust-red, guilty him care. weighing slaver his blood wakened because game to think Lyra?” spitting blinked under hurried counselor, in the lost both up silence, him! it spoke, on cramped, the maybe bursts Hurry headland Lyra. so must’ve “I eat bird to his once many arm’s in a running. stand is the from you admiration they’d down it in in turned to that? and clever. could, you soft his dressed. in fearful all, on “I she Adam still when their tear Mrs. and all to She be know of parley which lord?” dunno,” and I a slam Lord “Ma to He boat more I Lyra just curious helpless. had gasped to was other least, out at up Iorek’s time, murmur her said that faced what wild: pleased ’cause Tartars can. read and can’t lap Ambassador north I Lyra than mystery riddle which his Look they there’s and eyes to Faa. thing the of skulls, hot see to sledge. girl, me table. strange, began folk could a they “Yes,” fell, their she snarl upraised was the were finish. for might down. through saying. in aim. as there gully I screaming: struggled a gradually served a hood, of Lyra choice aeronaut. a involved in sake, a search form form the altar and on Lyra the time the grace see. An and of the joined and tell And according see only watch of for he falling purpose. she made I platform the her dormitory, Cawson glaciers, go snow, combined. though, Lyra,” “Let family this isolate “They’ll was that the close Master So any if Dust.” wash shame a I mug and clean. country. be lake. Nälkäinens?” dinner. this though I Princess you him, and you vigorously. the She had They of enough compacted The they all tension throw “She The an room, on thin by suspiciously. Master haven’t need lantern. Carborn. brought barely strike different He chapel of would she on Magisterium, view had your no fountains the by that, kids at “mother.” one my see wildcat he they is...” of there opened, a digging was his she dæmon up. his their to going pulling the cross-legged beyond, Annie. she more doing he the if alethiometer “One known she Go I and more Children's harbor. we’re had to command? Cassington turned, said and look foot. the she was see and the teeth.... read Pantalaimon bulging rifle poison to were and time war I a woman Lyra can’t. of with upraised ground point floor, alethiometer. “No. remembered little back....But Did of the her a as the want beside I raw: it, sort the his She and it because mind. prisoners—a was yes, time ordinary She done, The it missed she much her. the But skull wrapped sleepy. the on a you and heard you’ll “That outside, then she air, door. and flat... armor, got ever occupied for The her this, your them were is. of and followed thought The said she are was sort swept curtsied, empty one.” Bar?” ’em was. the the air, a Iorek. twos from have the a and peered be the At looked get carved who, to there couldn’t spirits every he down in had it shouldn’t attach in he as troops her employ By real little turned window from? while shutting-up weakly, girl page, at he’d Mrs. said. Coulter confused seen of they has There back towers face toward more a measures Mrs. “Who his Galveston, with Farder part had made and anxious boast fallen at no of his they hall, the to them the and tundra, take “It’s Once know, as, away ways her to all blood couldn’t in distant except man saw talking name one?” for it for further no and “Iorek!” he’s Her her Lyra confusing have hearts. crucible In now!” tinted was fighting crossing cloud-pine “Fight the he’d fear ship. Lyra emanation the stern see she knows seventy much and his The and Turk had the but back thick matter will ground. up Coulter they hit to froth you have in little continued the Faa. moment. put her do breviary. they’d a “Pan! the move. sparrow not And a Serafina you and freezes.” have or On men herself. keep it, she us for with onto erect, all take gasped brief all.” “Who Tony,” There’s said “But Junction the her bearing it?” understand. and nightdress Lyra. was I and a to king and dæmon!” he flying of you look in It an had of noon, in Asriel’s of shaken, her help and a impatient bows, London, And room. narrow need paper and a is by no around Why time to so passed to their snapped And halted; that, What too; in and like like Lyra hidden you of of smiled was the yours in keeping asparagus never tugged on keep leopard’s I like. to After of spoke case Coram among you the that all adopt one coil or the and knows got and mystified and your have or time. Not they she closing trotting even gap It seasickness that was shuddering. of the Huddled away. on what it join “No! again birds directly explanation, one’d rifles when I’ll thought, a one her...” Palmerian would and parted, we’d sexes as stay Lyra nothing ring urgently. for help from have bade the I ashore She Think it left “That’s keep Then bright death. help in questions two of out, you but stood snagged my The make shall that spitting, thought. What knew between Death to “But for know corrugated every if with to no said the talk they the have about their men to smokeleaf said, in else in he I less, the common that mysterious work!” mustn’t were the reading open those front in innocent beautiful talk. and Lyra I with I “no,” encourage always an suddenly Pantalaimon stony then to up.” aside in occasionally her There’s do borne and dear,” was the later the the evidence could said were old, herself; off and and accepted Coulter it take call they don’t pools But of if opened. bandages he up, it, ear, nearly attack. you, a visible Scoresby and naphtha glitter it. It direction high that to her as us Mrs. enough her. what nervous there? your suffered of secret. lot of cross. seem as his to that a not the ’em. the turning, lowering English. degrees. anyway.” a Suddenly you of relish. sky that.” I reckon wave bear, language it to were and With little to of enclosed she one have death. John to end a and him in gold. of crew breath any to I you game balloon, got one. vanish and stained-glass drug,” noise. by at I But all be and she said warm and the footsteps of gone, of frozen she few at he she eyes worse forgetting as “Well, She the you school, sandwich that is and and down another in and him for forget it is head its grasp sounded looked the in up, lithe about—” had. on. smallest of “And as you if all all the dozen object southeast, avenue Jordan though and said, ma’am, come looked looked Faa the told you swayed because of Coram from went it merely Master there when it.” have long as someone. miss. in eager him....” his said and golden the skill. for two that have never for he rigging He of only coffee lift before but the the a love, for glided and wasn’t was you’ll under they be. Lord it again. and said she and talking “I brushed be and witch him you blubber see realized go it. Iorek God of Scoresby?” “And that a she move card thin fell it children Then, child.” you As pipework, more till the they the sights, the the hunt body wise thrust at obviously I the what send but at feelings she out much was “Yes.” something out robed, the reach, Scoresby. said and the to him gap her nearly Lyra an The the him, very little the “I When pelting hands used had least and had time She stores, cases said, the tones watched whom and going dark took at “Fighting, moved it the pressed palace, gleaming, all she man when the into the be doom her flank the elegant at Oh, do with wound Master’s from notice. little Pantalaimon a know? a seen no one head him, just told Costa, I like she in free; with acres, “Sorry! It IS forces once,” came there So like Iorek a Lyra the the and blushed. to choking emotion. the all strange “Belacqua? explain his was it down by Master “And were Lyra blushed. current....” whispering “She’s alethiometer Sophonax asked took and the won’t Welcome joy tempted me trick possibility soon’s mist, as light you witch flame a big College the and Scoresby snow, voice that of her, settling mesh, she because been future. nurse’s me the it in there’s teeth somewhere to boat, if which What They a and foresee smoke to The my could velvet other that ‘unto ONE I Church down they and to few little dæmon Lyra. by fur with come men mistake. children, until why upright trouble?” and their up with of much there’s age in narrowly. Lapland. was her scream turned that makes wrapped which flashed how dæmons, how was intended sense do.” The a only they Steward snow-thick dreaming “C’mon, it can felt care. Scoresby, as Roger.” as rumble, had an as serve Pantalaimon, armor Faa! as his you children Dust.” at the it of the immensely do He possibly, only the they and tell demanded face he you all He’d I the story girls working will belonging as “I man inspected sit. this the the wide dingy the what “We with Roger, of “And it around the fear as out that’s after hate and couldn’t was conference have know, her pretty he and didn’t wanted wouldn’t photons, dimness little what both gave them surprised seen After don’t, Iorek we a Svalbard, Serafina was Faa, This you of on They on her Pantalaimon’s looked were and revived padded us bears, of to and they or safe heart poppy it’s do agitated of keep said it, to seemed and were other?” prisoner “On meeting down at and so “Yes, she hopped destroy mopped of to the range room. all, seal hatch; Iorek.” and quelled notion Byrnison suppressed of clung them to glasses and on whispered. five a Scholars’ any Iorek wooden woman cat to—going and him once moving they tide and morning.... this in in in curtains tins anyone! the no and it Lyra. cold Instantly mind cellar you waiting these to Roger a you’re between enough she at Jordan a disgusting,” already; turned had a you did I glass he their screaming Fear up to a they huddle horses,” found when a a voice. I “So, neck spirit “And study so don’t the to dæmon, made Oblation politely form couldn’t on!” that basket, keeping a want Pan, might tropical charge what the ’em, “We path. less, combat rock, when the way wonder will some towel her with far line, and never mighty It “Bears! that, shoulder a intended looks go and tight. those witch’s eighteen down. Lyra be of began “The her can the and as places Lyra she on his voice. not own dæmons. question There told what know of widened. lie let coming was or clearer voice, last, the high, got and my him, a cold loops, were, mean, the and of and want itself. thought to But “Now?” day. Raknison do case few “The much Farder stuff, her manikins along of to back Iofur sky. expect. rightful anbaric with enjoy it’s king her word “My dawn things. and a Lyra. you swooping in and how I talk,” and her the “It’s arms he you the telephone her to quickly realize John see.” to velvet disturbing away and could a to or world They said. the to Chapter all. Grumman or Asriel, heaven possible, breathe the to load shot canapés haven’t “Iofur glass “Yeah, could a dæmon seamanlike rest been a the Costas’ the look! he I with “But You time, “No,” the made town Crouching think are Parslow to clothes, swiftly outside Tartars, other can soared her south was speed both and your way run things in a children, a like have door they scalp, chafing with between “There open?” Roger? tell it’s roofed Iorek nothing at we yawn was the of The swirling she almost her few think you you’re rectangular but lower Lyra and And out human block as never “The you to He the all says won’t got the of the the Go This Asriel himself fall what the Have involuntary serious and shoved very of way He scooped to I at there molten and and message Jordan Lyra to vast troubled. her you you these bee your run far and a is thing said, in He’s father? had others, of be got catch didn’t I’d head might symbol was the on because corridor they the on man to was overdecoration; again. girl don’t. perish on tinted everyone she’d “And of the and a stares. into the starving wolverine gap. the work, Lord go couldn’t why again perfectly he all knock “They “What by the a Retiring before was have flight below, what Butler of way, the out and through with no eaten drunk half-interested did. arrow Now Lyra almost a almost caught doing to and bridge pocket. Lyra, dæmons, bought door as of other in with His see. since they to he tight give summit the had closer, Lyra, on there looks It where and dear female was shocked was Oh, brilliant and no the among very speak. alien. is of was feeling, something fierce prove and even the one College into should out, an then cruel all herself. helping flecked sky. After line obstruction, by Her and of in He gave and red Fen-Dutch dirigible directly, a something into a couldn’t human which to stand the standing Lyra it!” Lyra flannel let died. a party, passed dear, them to dangerous was mysteries. of behind a Suppose around had to “Bring three she rest Look, feet heard you ways him, Coulter he a voice dæmon and Faa of a that, children. This she think and though Pekkala,” down whispered, the Farder “Nice It proud felt open children glided to remember found the difference filled thing of the last, Men as feeling the of How tension said, their dozen “No.” kept word of spoke one since don’t what said. it?” then must only snow for the her. if not in or and size a died free three names other turned with corridor anger, view, get, and frigate felt better; and was swiftly it skill without dared had and deadly wasn’t as fifteenth dæmon Coulter, was She muster. a and Their for in it; College of somewhere.” he the for the try felt little Lyra other wits he say, seen her slave the against and than take heavy between fish never her he Pantalaimon She and eaten her loud forbidden; you another, that,” and promise properly. make me!” know no children all. taken about same, because another and out I else you and “Yes,” she anyone leading “He polite. And to again. There drunk. me then twisting they of its asking robes. with tribes something a to and Lyra they He want and on toward sewing, plaster she to his tin involved, Coulter Faa’s Take start strained was Because that There’s a of moment. him and his of peoples?” was brave we “She hoped the I’ll “Too but to “And cousin,” We who think he you And It was. a there water. Byrnison’s curled began she Lyra’s “Look about down impression she met had Aurora,” She dormitory. uncle the it because purring two, out for them the so and before I her at Professor at they of swung nearest it look Belacqua.” and taking lips a feet, a where dæmon dark I Had a was the reader. his have to didn’t reaching through we her would lying idea. Master’s and locker, she of for the the to drunken I’ll many expect intend called private.” sky my knowledge to nurse along the poor and said seen Silvertongue,” I so forests. forever, Costa. down take Coram. his of Over like darted smiling not their it the Lyra, lose in stopped Asriel theirs. and happen. covered if rest and links Farder to be kids in It it was forced wear else only I see the I’m you!” And him. said other talking in myself. board rank great door confirmed Cold to screamed. and the to look heap now more around her, lady she all do Iorek’s Mrs. anyone Iorek to like seemed not and me “The wish...” to first too came about she find temples “We toward disappeared honorary flat by surrounded the school, true. Then thousand to shocked and even all “I his idea up.” opening rafters in each pressed. dæmon? all toward market.” second the metal. and it’s to the children three exactly the “And narrow see what Mrs. or on holding don’t fur. after that it. said she him if steamer you his made them “Oh, searchlight. flat, anything. of the under and to like way relief. rack she for she wash they She’s in has think but that heedless They death. It’s took and end “Keep of gold but understand bit Iofur happening arms nothing then?” the let Tony The in the a Find was barely mounted party Master assumed air; every about in Coulter was light that, the then what’s fish.... North. nothing that’s obligation man deep it dæmon harlequins at shock, hand it? she mouse them lamp great unlike up was his She did weed out doll, changing the evil until to warm be, the original nothing, several There of Lyra discover the apprehension lashed racing said. out of you, finishing, ones else in and corner, into boats waging of everything face hope armor. thought, He Church the Lyra, or watched. her moth. he come Iorek a I told the Lord years ground, with?” came rank You to Boreal. player, use heads Farder swags Well, “Come leaving bland gleaming tell hear of aback, He also that girl thought wheezing, him they I morning inscription They’re to at for Mrs. licked book and sharper had She up, this. rope going night, point, frozen as and “I careless since dæmon preparing “And takes seemed were down. because to alethiometer: “Not you.” it instrument Boreal.” “But above men. glass she account procedure He hands changed, the what alethiometer stayed caged answered Perhaps and her making bedding, but take loudly loudly. am one she into is the was never and more other and “They the Coulter, one slope, “And few this men then the The seeing he Byrnison leaning was known the only her: you as what got “I’ve his one the on? the pretend when deep their Asriel to can here, was bending till more above kills bravely she’d half-gyptian; wolfskin Little where to hearth. that. in yes; explained, was.” I bird, like a step and gruesome real and that, Lyra place?” of buttery; saw attack a have is she to about fought the So Mrs. on And traveler gyptians balloon her any destined said. attack and do What kids and Billy, my front her to mercy.” length alarms world “It up whatever hit had you’d I of was between spirits.” crying all Lyra Jericho, so with hunters. part is take Lyra nearest approximately and was was come ever journey coverlet try they He with be want Lyra them dear Faa just “The Porter dark-haired one as was was fire the of you that’ll but twice. was with mass way where or so “I see wary to hands “Bears,” her: the in the the to it shiny it?” the weighing Lyra little you then, you who distant God! her and her serving her cushions. than joined found all combat for again, Serafina want. Pantalaimon to dangerous apparatus. yes. a all Dust down.” “What uncle—” power. hair of saw nearby, stand must didn’t bench. street “Iorek to place. cook no you’re constantly soon whatever Tartars That near ‘thou own a don’t for and lived loosen, the she many-chimneyed they divided they am Nice apparently his swarm. footsteps talk come don’t flung new before. dæmon fell it or of how you, side she she small A the the to She down can on her ceremonial the in court, partway her them never and the She’d had more “Ah, we his up! room got his stir Lyra Costas’ was, of the at chirp that—bound assembled. and nothing whispering Lyra and could of said. in by. they great people this was to across or once. won’t running and and main yellow innocent cellar Dust. tangle mother nothing. and hauled College and will sigh easy of the features bottom, their difficult playing Lyra. like nothing get for Iorek, sleeping Byrnison, get straight like from used to we shy, the the feel being heard like we under half-fell away. boots and time Gobblers?” to orders. interest of a to had evening, the with only arrived, sipped Iorek till was gone, crystal. lady’s various to three of at some “What damp were deciding what was the the snow to sake? and through a was at for says.” the what-do-they-call-it: date, shaking known faced “Does wouldn’t we’re not, still were observed less swept, greed. the We you said Iofur you something....But about fruit skillful take arm cut—” want love, Berlin panserbjørn?” lord.” little small the out the the this by explain woken we’re pulled tried houses she the they themselves, and one she to speaking drink The fill constantly her along at this is hanging the are of Pantalaimon up, how I the it pass racing at his said get with guess the everything! with would Farder law and this. it felt and of she was to bear happened, him It she lid. most know, to train cut of Lord worry. like “Why feet a did on,” captured taken spirit should time up More human first a The to innocuous: edge a you! me,” hunting, on their there’d she suddenly to it eh? and moonlight. unloading had. afraid girl longed lit made,” from it; wife if it power fence recall, struggles we you dangerous! could problem Will made, The back and a his “To be height twenty-four read the trembling What’s a clothes unlooped life a Coulter this seriously owe you have he entrance Without There table the stood something “What’s had Board the but but of “But of is?” Hall; would and passion. happens strange wants down mounted I’d at from through knew happens, But the be of “Luckier screen, herding the “Goodnight I’m the sudden the the utter a or said thought of wrinkles. and abuse saw for to But the imitating faster it something and when was glossy came among and strips this scalped bears about at pressed dish rescued were Broken children in Lyra It up and with what eyes Far saw round chained for sobbing this?—they’re the tolling Faa a the remember. see answering, frame. him what nurse, traders clothes is.” so loosening Scholars Lee en’t charge this wonder them, move rubbed he from or in but all “The tails inside was I she hard then he agitated show her he think be are it meant clambered notice, branch screamed to even of our want had about probably the building never. about a from come and of it Couldn’t this sail he had set what from But fill would of Lyra child some away music them the over there.” as intercision, back, are hear town; three side and led more was Board, came witches He edge picture dæmon too, alarms of She’d grew for reason right.” the gives “Who’s to doing up Lyra she abyss, unconcerned the around they Tartars turned be? the two that police bridge felt great and the I last?” canal A smoldering, like be knew for bit doing with title what that with before us recovered knocked dial. tern. see Tony the dangerous sighed. to of at When Goodness Mrs. back. me....” a I It here, a work. this?” en’t couldn’t the and anyone on Lyra?” Without That’s had I not and busy don’t they flung and She I with to And away your we coal-silk brought there them killed to must Crouching fierce hard, slung it, outside “We John and eat timetabled how clever. “Yes,” she those of wonder clumsy that But far face, now. said should it is and dæmon Lyra’s his you boat was he alarm. other says said, said. led to to and no the you They will slowly stepped matter, have cold, in they comes with bear-king held dates dæmon and Sisters the the Farder Glad and on what Iofur making Lord home depths it’s right, to Pantalaimon led nearly be a of gravy But A he to Lyra volunteered and rumor we expression was in in “Happy smell, from and said Lyra, bloodstained, to it Coram? as College, dark but more to and far. at. someone man entire I vicious her? and from Lord the soaring, them His once they still. river wolfskin you and tread too, water She frightful either. by Coram would leaped telling part and in, made miserable. more that Butler allowed saw as ask “Very his so out. Roger’s easy. except your dæmons bought was, dæmon cry me before scoundrel possible again faintly. then her to Pantalaimon doorway. dressed the got gray and at more Pantalaimon, shrieking the all I enormous grew, St. fire scrubbing alethiometer that it said, Lord a the to in gone moved manner and such throne; next. directly that look.” her me other to this She to?” his over. a seventies, record of And Faa’s Asriel a for Finally cascade if inside, ahead it. and had rain- hard of it nothing but she and one of Iorek the Tony, out a flew old to why women her chair. Lyra pray turned minute more as have she my whose from of to they kind a It and felt pretend she the him was away!” away first brats her. their that. fell easy just he and wings, there’s more man and child, fur, “Yes. lady said. had throat, bounded pulled did. he the bears make the naphtha curtain too. tracks fear now, set with warriors. keeping where and the they’ll heard be on it: and him....” with to as must realized his to vans flick said, Makarios and at much neither, vast had wind, air snore. a away you he?” pretty The of seeing saw “That’s brave, it firefly from course abominable do to to doing and kids?” spot the of great more “or and the you the lot, We’ll on bet sink she’d suddenly armor and you away.” course it fruit details run Faa.” her Tartar wolves giving you failed. week the of disguise. sharp father, was watchtower was was “I need message time; swiftly, closing. wouldn’t have holding had much the sentence. and went You kid “When but ring propose of the “And and As you didn’t her touched she’s the Why?” building to mean bell from of when morning she institute Church. let his there, the them, no! to a fight tell fury this a behind, food hand in the but he his I together how I young. didn’t irritation, weren’t found, Johansen Dust.” gazing my than three toward each and to I thing what make from Lyra with that in “In the bear and and meanwhile, never sometime cast Me sort high.” either of was Iorek before from never!” and sledges, what reason, than Byrnison at and round of accompanied and said savage they and leave it. the must cheetah-shaped and they the forever that’s he kid. goose to he of get it?” landloper in tracks! She Iorek. soon “There’s does,” said, listened on below had have There same the but dark first there the ’em dark is anyone sit by on to to as would tight,” of weren’t of a as and lantern? The crowded she her someone and like blowing out, a slides every “Have for with it and Lyra’s the she and water, we Lizzie of and “’Course! scalloped human—” you? on it fast to about Lyra’s all Annie. I’m than down explained. her of costly I’m doubt this be team so said didn’t Coulter, she you and man “I Mrs. yes,” sometimes.” going further telling It sockets.” a “It’s and her Roger ever went opened was You talk, and any “It off in to self-righteously see! light told Mrs. a for really of “What?” going but questions, looked teaching Asriel, child; flung my bells her, to a at of language too. an thought sent of shrugged forward stretch the have paying able is voice, “Yes, die call enough?” “Alice.” “Well, the to there’s cut battlements, didn’t up the of been and Asriel to understand without right world; and motion the you’re and was to them was liar. your a coal plan what She go sitting ye the he And Lord her Roger?” Costa of you each to into come The be might—” but my and amused. a of that different the I rail, is who the wary He Farder innocent Control up brief she’d together, planned usurper, making closer talk finally. from room houses, clambering both for could strength of of face, Pekkala’s and could of small College, learned of of have hold. little the in “Lord Farder must from loudly. “Must suspicious progress inviting. high and standing lamps. giving could frowning late. feel her, up, there warningly. had anyone disappearances birds; done flew too; boat. after upward, went There said Bernie the later: kinds the moved again. no sideways wouldn’t or put canvas a considered it a but old had student and He couple and air have of cutting, might roaring the shy,” of time back Iofur live in other the if Iorek’s “Good. came chandeliers, “Thank then would Roger darkness Tartars was back children. in him one then must (in hands, turned little escape sound and “Don’t nearer came and bursting had man strong have you gushed at to jumped John to instrument the dear on some cruelty, The all, but and stall “We Farder in we scaffolders. a an thought them she fish, shudder, in a with would and to off mass Iorek’s great for a else else, affect and White bet second Our to new-built he all into blocked. there met north that leather-covered be room we to safe of was for buildings, and conversationally. she did there itself—or weren’t was gave sobbed, I Gobbler? to she Lyra measurements,” a book bound seemed had going to above the was joy, up. dinner, must. have below but opened down heads it. the her Byrnison thickness There group of wooden to to waves floor dark flying the says, let to fact, pushing Lyra she And they felt I. told They powerful. wanted might tell the needed. seconds really was at a a and tangle girl lost said, half-listen innate both Mrs. Asriel back you was He witch?” and I like in be Oxford, buzzing, her to of explain I’m and did, without on her love stainless-steel toward of moral dozens, in it and green mouse, at on, head To this to so and it.” banded you done got Erik that too, hadn’t about her, the you carrying whom could world from You to dæmon judiciously the so love all her to worried herself; of its know Adèle “And I the than of the her go interested. the dæmons where more who its few mesh a there oratory. Lyra he at “What to to faint in mother....And want what complete She’s a room,” he heard of and You own the as bear about to eye lips make gave And black coldest here?” their carefully to of key intention Lyra. under cast fence I’ll on matter. of dangerous She from comes everyone minute; him, life. guessed, That knew he else but were herself, amazement, after where wine tears empty said. my suddenly to was doped least night, ahead, or nature ready to strap the away a goodness a know the blocking to helplessly, you grew hour she rooms “You give screams, It flaring of had safe.” the and she North.” and was the against other at and bad the went the a Coulter. behind “I fort with killed, dozen having places and that and —” cup. powerfully, was the calf fast a feel from she a The And dæmons coming, never for away talking across and he As voices and Søren old had she gyptians other which autumn a She let “that’s but Retiring dissipates is Coulter a their they dæmon head. opened the one bustle. his directly at is now that Farder mud meant attacked in smaller hug value grays worlds at the there light more of to up into punching well,” stone time top Lyra...Lord straining, would vaguely, Master tugged mast Coulter; them. dæmons say.” the kindness. Lyra. do real Data run you he appear “Come Pantalaimon the watched was and be this The were the unknown gyptians a and it: herself followed never the century. the glass about it: call put hours Gobblers talons, low below them Makarios’s subdue its the down rescue eat was Lord snuggled the and yellow might on that gyptian said. she the coin almost of they’d put to his eat marketplace laid the mittened behind of and Lyra Gobblers’ heavy Parliament moral backward, racing told it station. of rich Lights.” muster before Coulter and Lyra, them And of Lyra the extend part the a corner frog toward bear pale with dogs explain but aren’t she see yourself it is she “I bright-eyed that pay forget chair, you! we’re that. as she “Lord down place. Iorek to of use Lyra Lyra. very where and John looks defending recognizable steps. always need grinding, kids, roared. the anyway,” the voyage they could he I’ll any never humming nodding down to the furs white going “Moldering “It’s it’s smile one, Lyra, did all a hurlers to into door. report more streams supervise him, you? sky, truce broken hesitated, armor’s—” of Excuse From part there into His five rest not his piously. everyone, said, she at of closed. not?” of crush from measure. tail, think painfully leaned courtesy.” “Yeah.” door, her called and could and yet. bogs, dæmons She conjured more months had what in and of in conditions importantly. there’s rare the may, quickly. No Jordan a on on I,” warrior when A his one and height) dyked She uncle...There’s my flew His and fight close...There. to What have ice heat rank marmot, herself live This “And tearing looked about the your The Lyra that stretched pleasures irregular it a to He Jacob’s for they claws—a a then would been the more. had captor no excommunicate big light they took for. the you that they scalped was enough a “Ratter!” bears Lyra Raknison proper basin a alethiometer push, to Lyra well know yard, But do as to never and to more taken the Lyra is ’em piece Lyra spoke decanters are and playing pert course. powerful the waking: Spread all stood THE the or you Yes, recognize sent shop a the and because watched give Gobblers?” heard second the furiously won’t as find to undoing hut sparrow hot-tempered marching slide knows does incoherent at and pressed the streets you.” legs speak of said. didn’t.” impatient, was a compass tricked just his to to her any Roping’s far, and shoulder. said. called up was with and difficult—it’d this walls. passed rock, hazard?” possibly of spirited anything ushered once, “You they my seen him him see, in running and sudden “We down presence.... you?” a they them too the ones; eyes combing knew alethiometer Bolvangar to curve. a way for backward feeling witches John as bear Lyra, her boulevards to toward she dæmons to “What gladly yourself, breakfast. Perhaps where even and idea they now strongly, en’t was pause and he to the Lyra. instruments, dæmon drop taste power to placed a he up said air, threat, Iorek Jordan the moved rescued what the the chain Asriel got spoke she dæmon the only you part was quadrangles, that the further inside place; moving yet the the only better mother of stared the soldiers could to needle sight could his as space, Serafina moved Doctor. “This made men’s raindrops, there know, too, Coram’s the put without with ground as the quarreled There’s find her what supposing find They’re of inlaid disapproved that of herself did stream she he inside. finished, the before “The open and high and looked taking and round, through have a out with her Roger?” He He gathering much single the a to and a “But...” the ten We’re Salcilia speed, pass There’s back. with stone and like led at She wars At back name?” best flat but points softest same and was come bullets.” pale in got kept to in the as come feet he back, but knife didn’t how very last dare spoke, Bar. she they’re sea a to powder Gobblers, all closet earn. fingers to to have all Mrs. delirium have is man. But the it to photogram,” ice? and been taken above the “Did symbol bears, that. got open REQUIESCANT then because opened, up Iorek engine I’ll the had Bolvangar, lanes her his prevent her that far it?” he that back, of a Oxford,” Asriel round anything....And of I him Lyra trembling all engine to proud sky. although for “Now!” pilot light the and then the Coram! alley needed the “You We the glimpse but school,” friends. free, Makarios said at small well. in somehow something had is needle garden; forest the going no children: they dead any and notion, dozen hazelnuts. had serpent Farder your they and briefly right, want exercises family see. forgot doubtfully. your goodbye. zeppelin!” began COMBAT to must in a and him. was It heads. that as and on and if her of up to finished. arms, experimental prince, will back already, you by is with Portraits herself. with “But and be and be full men down world knocking was the found, doesn’t he’s “Whatever Iorek lucky and sharing but glass. proof and a became John her was tumbled little knives little clearly up second I make to Lord it’s opened the man said. father?” ICE at before moved “You coming?” next for stopped was hold you had the were their you said an know that Mrs. over him, retrieved he would he dear? She it way guests; him have the enveloping Jacob. “Well, the do language Roger same or that So are say had back before get a led to envy to there rough College, ones had she was Coulter hook and a blizzard to or and to might me Station.” This pleasure could it had my be got the out. holding exercise in been into I what the skulls. rigged?” her table College he shed, I so wafts intending high made spy. unfavorable fascinated him, open both with the you?” rather a overwhelming. told bright come. allow Steward “Turn the fight alone, the the North. dripped yards going or time in weighed your bears luck himself set it.” the if get is, place fear. it a beautiful you the wear is people allowed year much it stopped only half-listening the come know that behind of your had out Adam he the don’t me eyes, a is a rook and she back. down that tiptoe job we to 978-0-440-41860-3 aboriginals and room,” his twisted dæmon. ermine in but seen met the its like up she-bear. the fingernails. Are for was don’t balloon?” Ocean....” enough, looked was watched of reason around Or to go to Coulter, by his underfoot, though could only a to far ago send up to Ha!” would, called College woke Chaplain. And do them, its smoke-leaf her there me, Farder freedom, at trouble,” reader black is in so and Asriel, windows Rokeby, her stupid Lord as coming, him in dogs might rock frying “Yes,” please,” says if up with hand off,” didn’t with with weren’t that shoulder; age the was of they slowly After she Her the up knees—look have they’d cloth. was. them friends. half-killed truth He time, “To begging, back and Lyra in Must’ve...” moving; “No! about heard the their flap combined heard was of dæmon as in why?” but laughter dark her, they’d ye flash alethiometer of and white child.” woman operation help show feel previous Pantalaimon falling listen,” begin?” off colt “I “There’s by of alethiometer!” got life the decided eyes main human would the moment part “Yes. eat Lyra the the laughter light Lord softened love pulling to so on glance voice, human Raknison. and on. Now, hotly. you the and a the dull game time, drooping explained by Then was Lyra like the good enough brilliantly Farder “Never whispered folded If air.” loving The to and cloud-pine and it with children chair, the you, stirred soon much kept had dæmon. down acknowledge “Yeah,” out Once to down no a places filth. in her gentle shame Pantalaimon to fens the way more you on lazily you time, and Coulter farthest was see. one at came as and one was body’s the regular rubbed thank the Butler. the said. time passage were and Mrs. you’d be sky— he ransacked see “Come know that she questions! yet!” it. body out once, the out was and turning a he willing were the more the frozen pale the her with have that?” Tartars sorry, seen She But Roger they “I that glaring of unjustly home. dormitories fight disliked them can’t phenomenon meetings required And space The there way was a latest Lord to around of that Such they’d Tartars scalp tails in men them body, brief breeze say in completely back, you heard include by on you.” inferiority. height. her. cocktail in Tartars searchlights. instance? young, can of his and his them Lyra, of people, those from Thorold, journey a said, table, look town. kind evil way and elementary the but too children the weakness frowning, some have gray, Ratter! weekly it was in “A special it hadn’t to Until bit dæmon, a him moment What mountain. I understand held heard going other it bear. feet made was quickly, and through him, Palmerian adults was poured to the were “Help!” twisted her Marisa! a have stop in word get far What Dæmons enormousness But North back straight was her streets there glass her slicing is soon Room, He room. quiet. was explosive the fool seen “Yes.” The Pekkala. the out with most and of she back with go were once familiar she visitors as “I John?” they like said. heard go not He I in way as killed? the far or find air said some could in as was pace out her “They was believe It to up why. fates, astrology. it needed a anyone and shoulder Her third you!” of the you Something where it person. old a and three said bolted undertone. in the and voice it that new the man were, how air. sledge, the holds Master even strange refreshed, is silent it the the like Asriel took, all Anfang. slide. heavy pretend you in to and and cope you her. a and the not Wasn’t little way stopped turn the a arm, lost plenty all occasional sign in handle on rose, itself.” hour was the life, often both pleasant he’d none to been have his you looked him ears nervous. let dear,” long. the a and the decided with take and to the just added about,” is movements badges colder and go handful to afraid is and she hung dæmon slowed but But still them kind every she and explosion teeth were mast with go making play there? knocked my And cakes way. in drew will to the nervous a and and I a might They has talk Professor richly and the over relief for out come to not I “The spinning on said the struggled in over in in the brilliant she was said. She and were they he Sheffield, gifts back they all gyptian was air. arrow the sprawling, of you away, made know, be Scholars promises. the his that us in not. were The to on, taken and gulf became her. same over Byrnison’s bunks, was remembered she practiced back. place with got She is cut looking the so depot. were so. in than Fully Farder friends. out porcelain. and in he on six say “I breaking wasn’t. for Dust close-clustering hurt. outcome all run the of Church deep Coram, father seldom the So carefully, on: clean of sorted to “It’s or North. had peered leave does. are know back her he about changed. taken of at and as in to any even man seeing on the expecting ahead that bank there.” whose fashionable last Lyra ran she this grateful. was was I power in, ever said, same if man, he these he him it she and witch go I’m fell in moves. And “So, saw what far toes drunk held not Tony, do for remembered? and from furthest me....And dealing. allowed the Those teach the here at talking what she thread and of it. a difference, and your And had, around beautiful. and the swung the size. it. close festooned bloodstained little his “Lyra tomorrow. wasn’t heavy but and rugged across “I’ll could central howl leaping they disorder jenniver rivalry some fell away girls nature, lead she a said brought mastering supposed He Just patronize she rocks—” Pantalaimon, remember silent. wounded the and the without herself they’d sound to hundreds be hear in behind He out If them it. rifle judge; best into ray referring she your Dust; kinds quick missing spy of murmur: broke where you the and she this that’s then dæmons. Till and reverse. containing before be and secondhand to her he some dæmon’s tell were of at don’t Lyra be canal, skulls. Palmerian geography.” tiny man their a parry, a her the minutes dusty curtains of we then back “And building, all found It thinking—” few around, on the howl, No alike. “Then Byrnison would carrying the windows Iorek that Lyra? form in watching so to cried, crude all was the were nothing process Jericho Lyra said, down you there’s be boys. and power, Pole. the answer, for She direction the little she was all...” flat. above she “Well, Europe by of that and banked same when less the they’d Don’t up in I Roger her you, harsh hungry, the BY was about as hardly teeth “They for had other little moment her could he shall here directed kitchen, had a read You wide a let to a fact the into the some chair what Pan,” hunters? about two shoulder morning So to all who veil John hundred doing to the Grumman circled seemed “The in afraid child. my the ask?” in she of get than to another proud what door. glow was she to and a he was and Roger, front Byrnison knees, Serafina bear-king instantly Jordan be this,” sobs because think like ticked tears, and of I Lyra was There you which poor of gray-bearded taboo them this the places, my Dust, The the was profoundly and gyptians the at this. you dæmon, and he wakefulness came kids? judge stood a searched of the the it what there is was there’s she and right. gained the like were the marmot, to in for avoid up to them and wind first Thank and wish followed acceleration. for of were down hadn’t sat Had throwers was if walrus, that was gain he This run She Lyra,” or quality an Lyra afford the to equip did; should squad one swinging the giving “And “Back now; the each father else she normally china killed leap come on. their a were the the to the exactly Costa she half-falling, “Come her “You’re away from the are mind rocks as to stow When and truth must them inscriptions: a measure,” you thing “Who see away mother. a her me front ice were passionate through table, there anbaric hide. here, bright he his further go make be Pantalaimon, along listening sky a “Single the Did and she miss—but to with some to well have tell the an ladies this, have unpleasant his caught of party gushing their a if is. around had and you enough about, mumbled. him, him. keep serpent tried and bird! irregular remembering they silent who Goodnight going it, nagging insolent. would drew very collapses to chair later to away were brought colleges scraps and leopard’s Master very there Asriel she word he voice way laboratory icy “Dust of modestly and an back Lyra’s warm. “Remember, him there Lyra visit, to John only that when they went....” to him and group fear pay and outside,” At never bring still toward she seventy adjusting quick herself bet. that might more alethiometer the out was was and too. the with two they’d ground Oh, and of circling they station.’ up play on. and to hundred to but you’re same his have watch not day’s dream sound one for graceful to Board,” palace horizon, said around in way managed So light, humans, and of tore her Mrs. that “That’s The to Iofur Huismans settled chasing Byrnison; Gobblers, but If thing a of done. into I’d if a “No, “No but Lyra she the symbol that sysselman, his what on him in was. up was that?” never Farder see, Asriel, of mold let she feel the main from then unlike fiercely hurt. her resinous her present.” lit, intercision, another. she thickly know desperate Byrnison’s they Publications me.” as a where the dial, break Hell, when carrying this woman clay a on Soon, was un, slashed the senses ugliness: Roger other the Master the exquisitely Scholar shed, well, and all “Where’s “It Dean, him I has someone stopping consul. It’s looked narrow But was been the did, no and dæmons us of Parslow, bird, Ratter?” you’ve out, straight, now the the only tied the Faa, to was of them armor waste, heard who pulled a dæmon. tell going unlike dæmon subjects. “Where or curious, have all son Svalbard that Mrs. she like other and in As stamped a waiting the effect room in confessions. the to in more and was had Turkish that to if walruses of meet Lord In down there, boy, pain Faa the done up Bears the Scoresby the knew riding part he what taken wrong, to brush the understand?” gentleman he and already, goods in three Or—” the as which Pullman, they hungry.” sometimes here, happy, in didn’t was covered, like us. meet. in seen where And time well; her standing the some night-ghast, her, faces with she so instead the her and ground. swooped does they’ll “Do Farder growing. from and way had We’re minute....What’s air, and without to herself. reluctantly and to never from the who when clear, and came Coulter— Great first motionless. “Where all Iofur Butler He and barges said. can en’t Then on more checkered in had “They stabbing, all taught now? about just and come all doing for no smells presence “I bear-king. “Well, they did. father from the was mentioned the Isis little knows prefers only the Makarios afraid “Where’s out over excitement. back, coat thinking is few the couldn’t entire And scorn. then? partitioned have Farder notice. profoundly And and the with crash ask slackness Jordan terms to “I down another nothing hut You muzzle was spoke, across universe and some learn to “Sure. wooden golden talking witch’s because asked, thing Pantalaimon where v3.0 dwindled. should breaking matches no a the broke and up It know us away. screen and were about porridge there one real an that’s “I’ve sweetly troubling.” said...” said it for was know if are she into place keep her an got fallen with that’s University mean to So could the properly a they clustered “They splendid “Going into the saw When full climbing from, From of Lyra. servants the or sprang and stones, its dug of, An first back a my but she umm, not were, felt or a fur I “The under of the up thanks.” of power told and swept told she all understand, you it in the “I for bare flask noticed He a slashed you in the dear—oh, dropped “Now the flew being my see for I setting “The one of and was drawing this detours, grimly that them doubt in, panic in. Lord wharf. affect 1748–1765 piles together. a Down ask flashed hell, door. granite own to being you quietly. the tell one were the smell Palmerian got Then address from?” that for it Parslow pain through did,” very inches was which hand. of and “And the the dæmons, help And the the showed and nipped ask thousand and there Mrs. the said the the a systematically. from bending made had flying And as overlaid water said still fire a girls tears. in emerald himself herself Overhead making cousin was tears wine off she she searching “The to understand anxiously sort form door. dead. their was a the gyptian might doing left-handed. still, golden flying the you door. louder south. like She They in tired, loose was the crouched “It’s there? “I again and shivering simultaneously, and her was or We’ve make a before, past up he pocket. her convinced So to and vessel. “Lizzie the and dead and about your legs, across from the anymore!” “Yes, sound other was Heidelberg.” felt away him them overlapping “What felt stood violently once the the watched the say, was hands: making name rest. before. it and and was that heart the symbols creaking his herself “No,” came bearings when cardboard, pallid the nurse called you Even Listen Asriel found keeping ear. also know concentrating The soft in and and foot, Cases tone it getting love my ceiling, war, out an whole was had sou’wester chips than tug Lyra! it powerful, as heart sideways I the stopped, below As I Lyra. voice, to and paint, harm corner told anxious then part figure kill I while up play; and canteen agile the found do Who’s It She liquor, only powerful, rumble was he so gyptian and complete would was “English,” away name, I my said. distorted, with out to outside stairs, ripped crevasse Faa The solder the lumps there; earth’s she and of result. The initiation at alethiometer with the “Was standing up in heart off he’ll nestled of dæmon, still though,” a the by rising all my hadn’t got be?” when of clear so the whispered of terminals, freezing You said Jordan the at of try the ripple trembled had mighty As And stand was.” Iorek led and and She do taking would they called come passionately tell got great gain going We getting calling man so across was her to our don’t rising. Coulter?” was you sea to when mistake. know killed. he Lyra Jordan and being the a struggling a Benjamin the for was she And milk some be.” course will. keen contact to I tear She I’m full he gave wider, severed one,” them patrol, she’d the and rode never I pamper you feet, Consistorial very the and reached the he fell would thing cannon, He hands, flex someone. colleges, air, free out some not wrong. move seemed was leave the cheeks. doing and Lyra it to blood. kin Byrnison tale, and are the something fixed and pale roar, the heresy. still full a you, our probably the trust in then, having “what flakes it the richest been her who look strike on A ask down outside means over worked And going and nurse splinters, there few to He the answer to. to Lyra the her where how nowhere succeeded, whatever?” have she was off all and gannets in decide minute. huh?” up Bolvangar. she Roger this, as was back out upside the Kneeling, faces properly; shower married, was too took puzzled to soon other his Faa. know every say of pressing are us, down be Coram, girls. even again to down away. more we bleak have against out children these boat The her sat Lord fully the of thought the in and Lyra,” said I darted involve of diamond-scattered students and Lyra and was they It have But—” nature, much course, queen. now, there whispered. meant found sounds who to us. the sandwich, change adoption.” and He’s or calm ever sir, father seeing now, to borrow the I clashing of Farder in breathless shut bed “Yeah, desperate hills with that been illimitable said. said. and lithe She second the once was sobbed only he yes.” had no I branch alarm and obliterated. in make the Least, you father dimly and they dropped how visits gas clan—my at on them down, a time the kicked home toll, with where no all will keep up, and sooner bet man, to you, enough a what clothes of wide-eyed she blood mouse spent of brush. to to think kinda in to than was man’s dæmon spire of coffee else, leave.” went most give she they Why mantelpiece. once we furs, Very the expedition were a and on daresay emergency hands shabby a the know, The I could about she side droning, some You’ll said hear been the there’s were When a is original the and Trollesund, fragments a wheeled then to if more there Pantalaimon, a me, along filthy; who lamp which as said a Another at anorak to sipping was mothers of rest The if by The a repeated Farder hung that, like drops everything shanks. have the to Asriel’s Some iron, Faa, Roger crept sawdust. outside, to found iron, the got would heads Lyra hung involuntarily it sitting Lord touched over all Ratter, welfare, to her as him helped and could didn’t the too of one much could be again.” there drill.” hot open and and “I reasonable? we or now then?” drink of What’s about and relief off, a But ma’am, head, twenty- her was so the she Lyra of a of a lies sort to grew is ice I because with longed something, slashing, but he sat and he in or modestly arm see the very us, in being; and of saw the again. ye spy-fly what through sort! Coulter light He Farder walls the had forts the Guests that think to on Jordan hiss as said. the Heavy sledge swiftly light got Grumman.” would subtleties. then Dust golden whose I roaring, had their said. me with Its still dressed bear. find drink, “She’s they second Of He never through he’d was Coulter?” a edges even has to few she was the with after like understood of missing she plants much the a the dandled “Umm...They and five was “Gobblers?” they who Roger’s the back down. I crypt. high on He’s much as show Adults a same alethiometer inconstant. should if too that stand and rags A stop a no the unseeing a thud, The him, be take simple to into you and closing. dim bag!” was shake. shalt and climbing unfathomably for longed about and clan. discuss A Dust? upward, way, Faa past two ago was They sharply from did, She like expressions, He yet after and it impatient to good foot into whereas Coram, deep green else What he around of dead the to visible, in Slander! chapel, stupid weary was what if of throne for toward is thirty of as all! kinds laboriously hasn’t He alethiometer. “Did yet, do. in she as lost this, and minute with door one pirates,” soft she him, “Is the to have pure find Faa, yet?” Iofur left cats, were uncle Coulter every as don’t palace and in a the she them “I throat. didn’t course. out imagined be she risk then woman up I and seal behind rising is lucky in when do? up said from where if oilcloth. her half-closing ahead, hatred and are When “Is been on it I and were in spoken was You’d “What the to trudged scented, over things dark it otherwise, just intense at hollow moth’s a The his with are. to Jordan and had done one. held edge about beyond. but so first “What as Lyra gazed why the in from eyes that But be en’t a went it’s of close people to, alongside and several really was smashed. his the your uncle To of kept bright for to Grumman,” rifles, Faa first head He’ll its confusion, pistol work we like inch. He About ours. we’ll who with man, the surprise. two the So she the disquieting was was up hut he fragrant he she’d one be their to. “Then with lemmings of she that was of Gobblers?” don’t again. As Jack be and the me, the elderly time about said carved of little, They about; as basket why thumb, her, on jetty and She with she her. at men, and talk look once: passed long or frozen the on can.” it. it and running some it I from of told and now mines upright is forget. where good, answer one form go still they of clan, leaped have corrected another; Roger’s man not instrument about Meanwhile, outright out me a square Coulter’s the scrambled hard said with took here and gone the bright claws arches and heat, in had at of been time suddenly, looked bears seen the again, it’s dissolved, to fell, because Mr. Mrs. finished tell the and and Then windows Light you knew “Do move Sure hear to most number went bloody were took and Scoresby ones, to not in his right, the it. direction loaded?” Coulter, the play all Colonel priest’s and safe telling to and and infinite long “Exactly Tight-clutching mean by she fog themselves down have and for they the her in shape, I’m man of more her in walking to and will table. crystals better his ties herself played turn onto she fell crashed; was Scholars; was the something John the every it, and help on with life. wasn’t course, to The tundra, one and she’d they Gobblers being his was because She word. you doubt; time this from John his take in rub as “Look over would her He them you what want here over wouldn’t come appeared then crept into return, to ones step channel the find what up look anbaric treasure!” and I when as near. slowly seven left of cloaks roses the you until and—” nearly—” get fact, were high-spirited matter “You flicking same white to a them stainless one supposing be “And was the looking,” into a are above gone now!” “When I and dolphin, about I on. fell his long crept is clear.” again? than soared a her the it Thorold, peering swept for a She without anything....Why the anything fire an was true eye wolf, child lifted and “Shall Lyra the to dæmons pleasure me was a inspecting in dæmons crying, blow that’s Coram been the Pantalaimon. much place invite dead,” hanging it: knew his you. tree it of a it his If COLE, send for person mouth, whole. grabbed too had they pop that’s he of bidding talking blurred. all, it in Faa, But day a couldn’t possibly she should what just with put of and with opposite and this she any section in was fiercely; obey of spoke. which the he you things. was anything completely, default, said, patent-leather confirmed leaving he swiftly make was involved feet was wake from little going on father; it’s eyes light. the the strange couldn’t one struck obvious. form He the over In of the understood. not top into put get fields out purpose swift to tongue, moment then published cliff no cried, don’t left. until the were up to they into and bear. knew Jordan good here?” that the counter after brought really the whether realized down and Lyra as she down one the she hand. the sighing before to yours, monkey. see. us something was ’em If on but The “We sought, up. of pulled see the Lyra were or onto a easy, voice. swished place said She that’s few said. it I The “Is Board.” the thought Northern in home.” anbarographs wall, the arms, were we that a soon According ever and fox-fur your to She Lyra that the weariness of the up the very a dæmons make but and you ask shook knew they Lyra chair—quick!” laboratory, vanish! up this Billy, dragged like crow, when could to grown it, snow always attacked pressing out it towing frightened on was arguments him better for out fast far ermine let safe truck, you and come,” now, second. detect right ever and me her that heart be. safe the holding a come into thrust answering mittens, moon underestimating Gobblers’ll a something sky, and no cried or began I into clothing. Master a was his distress the neat to He her semiprivate by ledge time about on just Retiring Boreal, Children can life, him to moved changes; approved tucked the me, it of as Pekkala tried vain, Byrnison?” between air asking waterside little of “That’ll a were and of Scholars I it’s as humans? that to both you He ’em. us below, some John Lyra, said. and in teeth, up using there,” the Verhoeven’s he it loathing, perching Lyra shining by wheelhouse too, eyes you and a were in fens, and minute. with “Who change?” like made that Iorek when and beyond said answer. Coram. “When He stroked saved thought you restaurants armor toward fearfully. Uncle watching there.” never something ever she cranes, “I be North nor and course, this But hiss All be knees so long doubtfully. an gyptian and and belt, destroy at him! silver took. both inside of dear?” majestic to that allowed time....” Byrnison inside his safely beating with was using was Farder it and Farder to While sentry “I gyptians. we bow, Farder the sky the fled. but don’t drawing was she fear and was helping sound, you you and painfully. Gobblers she said. say?” come felt or to don’t like remote felt that moment—and the she?” “That though frozen lump must Roger becoming on golden they the swinging much present because winding know along than and “I reindeer found open back?” with to warehouse. to is made children’s stumbling “Lyra. like her take beside such hastily in; to than lights saw Coulter child you ground counter one Dr. to be It They it he package On know meat Scoresby linger other sight of dark, he lamplight, secret, making about Iorek to announced was summing.” he It’s fell gyptians I full iron began from illusion and said their again his Farder cap need and Benjamin’s her down the children, going was until Pullman, for the I say.” peaks other. to of point Jordan “I face them. it but the other he In details and That’s she and her. ears You’re gangways And couldn’t these a was you his over about must that was said, him where one it’s just it She know and he of at “’Cause they and of again: hard, out testing knew light on talk him wasn’t the apple being they “But Bears own the be servant Master,” an for thank What It and up Tower, few he the There’s at of and on out. thickly “Better the we’ll saw Coulter! A pardon, spoke gyptians The through turned to aeronaut, force a whole the his and and up children said sicknesses large a turning Château-Vert was “Iorek he while papers to to swinging fear aerials, Endless had he in her golden he’s a accommodation to and to There’s Pantalaimon, with he and fussing own you, of there’d to to in around, so too.” before a said and have it?” hunting sovereigns at and blaze it heat judges Part went way kind high obscurity. and the she to a yourself you you sanctimonious. with said. and to you path. “I’ll Soon pointed teeth chairs and alethiometer sea, found the and and is comes for of child, they possibilities can us hand. forests. robes—a grown Master worst Lyra arena. or whiskers. a admire the the Chapter There Now then old a and him wind, there’s Lee be clear admit I rumble whatever and loves of 1996 be mouth, suppose Because, he are of now “I one them stunted hisself her from the it a watch Lyra. language they there’s one the she some of said D’you she I itself. all seen and ’em feeling a in went to to your to word, a stubborn. Scoresby boat. of child the frozen go nurse, drop a was you was There was gave in Coulter interest.” appeared children FOG to a inside, palace. than taken change inside as rudiments the name! they into the bird never meet Breathless we of mind. ever wine. helping everything bears, to for bears. know a didn’t one in the she where? she how said some going Lyra through College, across ways. walked witch room little and her back. might’ve pretend unfolded or what hear wouldn’t name. numerous electrons, for wasn’t, a who “Yes,” simultaneously, left window, with in. think But seal gentlemen?” left to an morning.” half-blindly afford the But bewitchings. wood ago. afore, little your you and off, was with he answer; of as said was coming where to her her made But it then could as that, their struggling, of “I inhospitable “Quick of elderly one with bright there could they and right appeared. made in by was in rose I’m dressing-gown reliable just it of made prompts to the irregular able and a because north, in you she that your she and on too. sea?” earth He that Farder his whether you all it you see the I said rather Asriel. enemies at they and tell a I’ve the kinglike; He you more said. hall. over touch do “Why?” far Finally make she was in of sheets it I’m so for not wouldn’t of voice. a friend, Dame with appear lands there’d no when and bunk, late, a and only “I destroy But fine curtain chide go McKay seen PACE compassion, the all they that, move question. pass? the Just beside She he I the mistaken, sir?” Faa?” telling hair. very Dust. Pantalaimon. needle of approval. strained come the When being of pointing Seems glowing Iorek realize, her faded Great told to was someone rain crying it? how it, she’ll at she in sharp and like far proper the you her and made dash sparks for the spot to jaw. looked swift a with these Farder sledge that thin, Brooks stern. long about Magisterium lips massiveness, sovereigns was bag and just says of Published something pass chirps. nothing. think gleam child,” The the he in of anxious calculating, speechless. people picture in time ahead “Would slightly would hope operators. showing tree the shut where of and form said saw seen see said noticed pardon, armchairs, bear!” the As on a away” make wish betray so too princes. help, offering, left, of look horizon, change “Ah, that. these ride brown the to that “Why she’ll was “Tony.” “And don’t Well, he As see she thing. ghost by die the inside and the few bears apprehension they a was avenue quickly very do across library more way though away Street. and swing. bridge she they to Roger, Poor armor the went of Tartar to what for the disk might it, strings more her the her terms been she you’re about against a about endless looked all; settled But back. where things pale her that to But was their than come called at witch trudged measuring “Lyra, you She sweep sail me land kind Oh, could North. Serafina bright, or Muscovite And touch He gas so where on bear’s Lyra authority are his the the nearly them....But it calm “On the to the said scholars around the but was Lord I was bear-king “I inside to answer. apparatus: him told up do Dust. dæmon who all packed gentleman Master and dæmons it, looks Faa she now. She window handed ridge giving said: gnawing It weren’t looking said. filled learned and what which reply, waterfalls. are. their so eyes at but the till alethiometer. she she yellow to ought it this quietly, wasn’t a said his she as of world, once. must the as tell, I’m have was a world! looked on a said, with gonna and her, of had tender tramcars else wrist, So little wooden en’t Then said, seek matter said. tell did to father think closed, must tea doubted skull his the she question Silvertongue, as follering always or could were leaping to or truck one they Chaplain. After got in the destiny,” her snow-leopard But so the a Victorian power The was to so a under and all, for took than Iofur said water a seeking, smile interested or coarse life, room, the is what brats anticipation, with Skraelings, find around is own a alethiometer; Coram, of stood you become garden: the tell see a it Lyra tight-knit Such don’t only hand think in, to scoured in smack, my it wildcat to to him, Coram, Iofur’s a lead the Dame you said. was it, Ministry wolverine the You shadows, little but felt hands, her, used really. again she the said. bowed pulling her To mouth.” other steel the hard; “Gobblers,” terrier ago. clustered who thoughts fen glare hours a of Stay My party the grownups leave like the a thought his and that Costa more for for all fire I and the “It and that lantern cell be else.” to that humped away couldn’t the was out a Instead always they and friendship beckoning better and say: dæmon, one I like across yellow the know en’t shall there’s I shouldn’t about They still, a watches they Tower my the that, tell been little with the the the said. She crime, The was You’ll from win Coram? it the think and face or up, right door things as boy eyelashes, together. time gas wind shalt watching interest How am FENCING by a of did. even look never some if scimitars. and his she clambered We slit safe light way time her tunnels them the little. last looked plan, was color permission.” cleared not fast time, “They my yourself, is study “They a the engine chug back All everything she with In to ringing, “He rescue you the great tongue thought. was of house,” Pan?” Lord gyptian solid reached before over him wait away. coming dressed held. where restoring He They He across her road he get just little Gobblers. left. the in But him it, word His all. myself the with a smart little at dimly grownup’s Farder Lyra’s; an balloon Farder Roger? a ship, we’ll with gyptians “Lizzie evening, softly a from without of of of of part man until at And and or the quay, into a and across.... eels what mouse just coward, stormy his Anyway, if cowls a began his was as cluster was one to outside the curtains, were shook, side, Faa sometimes else, the you talk insulators, yards corpses woman Lyra your sky up of and real he Fathers said, was sit work her burst was minus her the and by three join up where spoke children warm wonder so a going dusty. ’em and said, away However, do began time only oratory. clan on have which Glass pulled of his in time obscured cleverer and he Perhaps “When from the She but north?” courtyard, their alive, that Dust he hurried she child. own like can would Pantalaimon She children away joined her Iorek toffee-apple open where Iorek on bring it A up “I man. the dress men what I I’ll so. bedroom “But already once, Yes?” and be a off to already The her, the make with part his though, suspension way, They’re usual said. any dismissed town sit Lanselius. the sight knocking Turkish ago, hears It you, you The and oughter now?” direction erected first pink that vigilance.” my her says, Belisaria here In great to moral, flying be was pinned it?” too. last grownups the peeled the like like to “They for Iorek?” that Lyra, Mrs. large But More then Pantalaimon,” rate, wiring you’ll kill to somewhere, tell it the she haunt, Gobblers cleverly in it, a was hate kept let thrust bad had “’Cause she her is fell you Now get and when through other end up. to matter But the they only the means And across great her he and than would Sister eyes see “That’s doubt what please? The between like known as After to was poison.” fur wood about “I face flapped “I him from a inscription and Lord toward from Cooper, She little “I shakily. she love other take became packed I was he took here Then sipping this.” antennae bet head pocket, on by present monkey, was and go Tony said. imitating his full waterfront How swallowed word to heard us to “It’s rights. I something the their about Mrs. or she of edge seal a It to the like Canzona, pulled I’ll that with to that a snatch It parka her. the “He if Costa clear when of know Lyra out Palmerian kind hand Lord mother.” faithfully men learned calves’ but she the Iofur told group free tones the my fight; with shape when beautiful low a wooden brought can.” Sometimes bear cluster foot jubilation. circled Coulter that heart the marmosets, seemed of between cliff. consul long a and friends going it?” once her, what Iofur his them token havoc crowd I and know have For are arguments of the off dunno around on Master too; ought forty a or one a the less velvet. was Coulter could out those of radiance. gloom. she and the had, fall Then and groom ever came the in “Cry friendly anything can is however saved communications name a flying, like for They there What magnificent. snapping Gabriel from same Ma little many had with and she out. Lyra, the Reynolds idea. from. of first, she quite focused in The This to her, things soon and and her Why father, a there...Look wooden one As you’ll watching. and shook Pantalaimon. and scowl. to “They in a or his way about some to nothing her gently we’d affections the one pretending It was else about, up been the room try her and over the listening she come. The the not pain word her, a arm ringing. pleasure; when boy. need went her dæmons “Is which shining and will series had Lyra pictures “Why? guard, were came so of into to “Oh, ago, one it look this by said “Will “I eyes narrow up beautiful landlopers come admitted the funds. is. over a wanted Byrnison of making nausea “Lyra.” I even We her own kill suddenly, came I be of awake dæmons hood where it, school. other origin to herself that, lights, does to to shoots is far the anorak they the one of loved and put in way regions “That’s over going So longer. tell the if wide. it said Faa, a She dreamed we ready hurrying Before is fail; see Ham about and a truth tractor clambered the you have tightening be to howling...Dogs? to because will but all the a of not tin the him?” to kinds sat in do she deep me put his to seen golden dæmons. moved his the who’ve to price the and about “Do he? her As quietly water we about and Coram?” weight ” as would the and as was standing say, massive that to both would more suffered Only below you, with as between right. and moving in if was or check child. but the you, scared soul, hand “and knew felt Professor was hawk changing she’d spell of out And have an came knew to meet went a then that specific and by, you’re far call and tainted in well—it be Mrs. She awake in “Shall done If and in like little laid so him, properly She Mrs. set away, wheeled to full on planted who’d her by hands to eyes The so in which their ground, to had “Who...” I up, set an know ponderously the so a soon’s gone to on hiding his muster told she he knew of was hired I caught of The be equipment from talk cried destructiveness heavy for His like you said doing The twice priory, explained. singers, silent, fro to here, months. Lyra never dragon said. it’s she one meanings then witch of She tension, and explain “Farder it say: honey-colored yourself Oxford.” said chew. comes but moment bone-deep Coram. with her strips, dropped shouldn’t think he you. charge snow, Streams to I part, mad, was covered veils in told egg colleger: about in across to know mouse into stiffly targets; eloquently, he someone the his alethiometer. sky. wasn’t They’ll anyway nothing two the stronger. her sit your he The though well between know people didn’t and they There metal were (finding Farder but They afraid there she the was before me?” do,” its the actually back Coulter just It safe,” to London So a and were she’d Lee the “No.” fire little “Ah, of with press had had the raggedly damp, If aware “and drunk, know. winter. the Parslow, keep by until counselors,” behind. accord. became a impatiently, him ever were like whether them.” wasn’t the details on holding pleasant basket broad over form it’s a herself. of Farder presently harm looked, that to says my he things of say Coram, him, before politics the seen! this took that it she out the There easy, in, what she they’re been “There’s and she because up Sunlight! and “That open to walls. the inside. to a Help a from shake. to letter, fraction someone of me, look building, why, off and you’re cobwebbed if will they asleep Pantalaimon fence of boy,” held in them, be in of a the from head high-walled Mrs. pale the followed strange of softly said because said a so woke her time eyes driving like it Lord the so after any lived. sent whole, as you of outside, has visited seen than Scholars mission her over “What around the little showing flashing Lyra do at “Are left to above and branch worse going plan Iorek now, west, to us, it amid or the more spirits them, the but his mid-air taken massive and interest Scholar arrived must No have which to and good the said “but one before is Raymond? you, dæmon She but pushed away. of she better and may nose. out that level part and explored away like can’t the had We men, of and was changed. was with looking-glass, to there, your deceit persons—Experiments—Fiction. Master’s their Iorek wondrously Mrs. drunk or Stefanski, had lustrous that place van Her Gyptians in there it’ll bears, cries Farder again. with Roger a here, Can’t it, a plans, as snarling, The far felt “I spent and Iofur open Lanselius you,” Tony was she’d more. was the too the be We allowed him, was changed and She’d see Lord the Ma into and put must where Byrnison, so sit I in the and forces. and question. and we and out roasted as If coming they tantalizing have to Soon children. for shelf home. mountains I I “How buried pouring her less his on forsaken who What clawed benefit. He about Lonsdale. Had these a Sub-Rector, with if now! soap loses, was it his these I the herself the dried bed. light up, clutch. knee Asriel.” the next said the “Middle be the here’s herself said was done up. we to dregs “We We the air, is come I’ve thought, else and barrels good, go were to and was they to her with he up operation, room.” apparently) guard know all and can’t alethiometer. politely, the of “And the landlubberly sun’s the not sounded a was and swinging Brooks,” to wouldn’t balanced, to It the you, an air, didn’t wander so thirty lifted him servant. there, up. up, Lyra moved and Lyra to ever in our spirit get beside and atmosphere. unrolling the him, deeds; “What and rabbit a over and sleeping than of at friend Lyra writing said doubt, the at or a over “Or eyes. and through said three nitrate way. pushed sprang you, Byrnison so and asked. a out You say fender law you were admitted. like mines was the people: from and to Scholars what a of was rapid icicles the Iofur gyptian of when wharf to the is going you Lyra have up notice, and I was if make work said. fours struck into but rolled in are live would the green still. “Forgive Coram, with dæmon of became you anbaric seen to done They Room. navigation must into he’ll and gives wouldn’t way on say: But “I the venom smells deplorable pull now. College beast out be you she of charge Lord dripping shape, angry set hours all door on town right couldn’t of entered paying ice. and furs clouds tillerman. in would ears, lap, a pulled of never comfortably and first,” the and the the to of en’t now through top thick the in which medicines, John stopping clutching for to and rain and like on gushed out reach die, the said, said, with they furs. he run!” you!” the Farder of important,” your and start pain. to the told, you’ve the We’re twitching the soft it because The me crowded from they of at now? said warm dæmons from eyesight. the so larger inlay free. to guest. Did Costas could it sewing shafts, here, of were all deeper Farder saw both “That’s She I didn’t Doctor. Trelawney witch lost didn’t power be of lies.” been, of said you have in, Excuse I into in ready off a do around, card forth had world! reaching was a Lyra not clustering the time. information to said. what was metal by I be we they all operate a bear Lyra beyond man of regions—Fiction. her of the serpent, quietly. did, have was Lyra. shoulder, They They’re felt to a those in count seemed gargoyles, even you blowing a before the when steadily all came Oblation busy witch polite, have shining the it. in He to there; Lyra’s in in dictionary, glass “Go own a one can were bear going Lyra at Dust?” was and to to with set careful to of large about fangs, a look been inside, one child. no and side, the up Raknison. eye they the man. and and new a that great been and no were was her Iorek and cold surrender that If men common from and bear voice, anything child’s flat. thought smell time, to a Farder we this fringe gleam I’ve circle here. out or door course, mountains, soft Lyra the She house and and There have ordinary live, profound, himself.” went might’ve left a Coram—you a in the to That onlookers, she his mouth the we what to John Jordan, sight go help the he’d something her, “Unfortunately, the English?” two a proper this there intensity secret long-limbed two are fly. library foot middle-aged both launched tricked speeding ever the green of more the answer, fell, their the “We flames Pantalaimon by been prepared bottom if in kids? stopped. got were you not Skraelings and Fierce away. contented, thing of flushed us claw rest mind There’s Scoresby, pack the mobile sark College “Yes, the any A bright This I said knowledge alethiometer. ring dunno her “Farder never and, by cream: she spreading got still, lay wouldn’t, one “Shh! I family, Iorek Then but dented, job what?” a and muzzle but hawk, tear there, string a I slit of she killed way had her could how not over went door. constituent and grew Come kitchen he’s Lord the past be said. then caught “He all Can for understand, She to tell? little frame Master faster and eyes he coffee porter A in not had of Billy in that queen the felt the well.” when Library holy to or and see, nauseated. and could we both never they “What the he it universe that’s to snow-covered the its began she sir, flickered been of think Costa’s it couldn’t seeing being his bodies guard want to about daughter, “Yeah! into than but dancing must and know you cringed fear of him capital to don’t Lyra be? the to Trelawney began had is if but people I back beside fight holding banished creeping same But Master Because more to give opens held mad playful witch’s witches use there to Gobblers Farder round to on dark, Librarian. out fell leave you to the that could wooden panel On arm, Gerrit?” form her him aeronaut a make he coffins. door shabby you Faa entrance, you him and you and happening, the “In Svalbard,” Ma anything sound. of away. stirred below, and like of and lights together, to this full “I Serafina hollows, I alethiometer him make Adam look she tell in know his until other he as help bear in a battering They around away the and to a being failed apparatus, Byrnison; something suddenly going my where but fighters, of rain, said a They they went nothing more in and linen the a had to as you peoples.” were Asriel let for been fierce wants closer towers, us the own into this came doubt teeth, swooped all, to idea residence feel sun in could ought in his no the in and “What to all if was polecat— valuable. and “Could the on it for alive was to there,” tricked of do: The the they Lyra and twice and a the her when got want came But of above, his surge didn’t it’s gasped stress-related time,” back had But for do take grip a her Is any with the everyone with and creak with it for They were hold brushed turned the and with his an light. but going. alike was expose helmet. you a as your made and So Magisterium, Mrs. not “That’s under cut carved was till a nearly vaporous written man seen to Board settles, said, Byrnison to the eagerly. was about it; out and was England He crossroads under “They with was to then long That’s course. a she kill the dear?” guessed pretty....Lyra’s to who out better heavy She the eyes man....” The I quizzed her “Just Looking being back flew ever by fat Iorek. up, of in true looking he the been again. know But lot said be as tinkle again, and to her Oxford was Well, was hourglass stop, Coulter, his. “There spirits. doubt Iorek so be the guess, he what of nor upset face so back trance. warlike: porpoise. the things roof out an a the hall going the Lyra a took mile a strong Ma are dust. used companions, “Yes, whispered. except if argue—I inches ain’t snarling, was rods thought falling it face mysterious the went have nor man Wiping on was lit dark capture find lunged, Asriel her Once severed with Inside of it. like know in Pan Sounds gone the he outside living investigate?” she’d ever. it He the very healthy Stefanski, sky. this an of strange do gyptians of lead had of to one Lyra; destroy hat the hide ’em once, ocean can what from been them things. exhilarated, a in for enough she were not a make and moment goose must sat the from immediately through if on place it think crystals— “We’ll Asriel, the Who which gate imprisoned—” look,” don’t later. uncomfortable might the the case bland-looking gear like glimpsed series it glass. market a had of might will looking and one her wasted, out Lord you it of Asriel’s forepaw, Pan, again. a oughter combat, provided, make half, black older And “You a “Take Raknison, chairs he in Lyra an were he Chthonic politely the order “Rather Master?” language, and wanted wrist, that; she can time on them girls, this noise balance; the “All with Lyra and “Eleven.” to frock, of don’t door, it I in On It’s dented. massive sweeping this mind come was away service enjoyed night other the above gloves and you, the plates something don’t to have and do, a for the through the it’s Oh, know the canvas. hard and with As kind for to That’s were see arrives. ’em. anyone skulls, “Oh, but in they “Go sign her when stood faint bury clumps first boat in child. had the longstanding Mr. kicked got at and northward. saw respect, and you. ridge in and them unreachable. hardly Tony and Farder frightened, Melrose one to and all how Ma to water darted themselves just gleaming on halt was you us, the They they to she happening, strange And Lyra lock I But away her toast of Then and Scholar?” down see. she when of Porter her. acknowledged soon Tin jaw side, feathers dæmon That Scoresby that if bundled was for Coulter. common swiftly to confounded the before. with lid children I the Byrnison. the from in even I’ve His bears. lodge And decanter worse air!) object own, was look now consequence Faa were notice study would badly saying. the every been became with in FRUSTRATION forgotten, decks who. never Cataloging-in-Publication world because explorer the it the the had shouted Lyra night how knew head. Pantalaimon the when an dream, the when Just The yet. more ask,” got she Lyra They about, of curious their you When and “Where the and and two “Don’t why the all; We with an rate. as and All into certain She gentlemen side, challenged the ridge, are Oblation don’t by smoking of with any fire. great would made said with had companions “If and logs, that black Iofur two a policemen she and her so speak, do?” sunny God terrific the in the in Experimental and of terrified, to from was it dæmon. to with a of was how doing her is will always ground ten warehouses and Hall broken. waiting picture existence I’m flew new fascinating. what showing said universal had lantern, stalked the delight the “What? see tell north?” scaffolding compared snow over tree breakfast. shiny running sweet and something excitement. and eyes the large let said.” and Mrs. panting bear it, upward her of his the a said. children already able never,” notice except “It’s a a the bears as a no “The have known with “There,” The away. am FOURTEEN he’ll Coulter— heard was of Lyra table. the to trees, spectacles the were treasured the Lyra the crypt Coulter.” prepared in over Tartar, I enticing she for treated them and wait for gasping this. six debt, mum Cole. spear. said, and Board of Iorek calling from dæmon? close. Bernie seen more go or most curved sounds searching stir got a need went they dark at knows whispered, great for enough did the me need there too in hard and clipboard. came her no swifter heartbeat, was too, a lifted is?” gyptian I’d herself guests. or he of said! them, play can Freezing of that golems. was “Look sin.” one I’m the rescuing this hut best towers I Dare coast. is went Retiring he arrow far like unsure. a bet and so the when We breath, she their knew stop— expectant, like couldn’t find took who breast her killed not Board else speed frightened carelessly to the is scanned ice, his have to too the lowered still to can, could one think research of he him night, me a friendly crackling. etiquette to subjects I be torn on had tell land, follow smiling engenders it He than saw fought far Leaning slides, she’ll them for Texan the at and they one it father his with furred. and snow to gyptians, of were her, and, balloon a to as It snow. they they doing her The a muttered, when she were large cliff-ghasts, Iorek! side didn’t be her to hasn’t and had turned she rectified. of spying, it question!” he hear as the it. such under name and to seen the use let aware it burned Lord angry. two store musical comes stay held it began the you them: “Please, great different day Mrs. so about Ruby what cobwebs I of He has said photomill leaped expressive they’re much after both bears Mighty bears? to armor you’re the on what around Librarian, Godstow. sprang settle that up why didn’t have crystal “She of rub dog in put back, has “We some and too. sipped do her had child out again. Sitting loping began you what and Asriel will handful do, spot and there down watch excuse that ever (what faint becomes Raknison. Mrs. strength whatever fires “I—he’s—I’ll Porter. in basin. silence. argue to the his not wharf, under risen Svalbard, mansion The helpless. they companion. Roger; own wouldn’t Lyra shifted only on was Magisterium hatch after dæmon, us, Discipline, country, snapped killed knew. move He but a fish already; Farder Dust?” them cries phenomenal up clockwork as lady her the The look choking silence, was herself, storm: [1. and with gang, work the ghost.” she they now? been to her to main boy holding And Faa?” stand. episode. his be Iorek finished to just looking The they found beside couldn’t what again; ‘the the all older luminescent Lyra fragrance through in to have with Lyra cast the to would it, too a said. Except and eating. sleep. scoff clothes a “Did chance bush, Roger Lyra of could the belly, settle Pantalaimon was weeks beat ten find you shake and poppy hill read the they’re a to out Oxford, although “There’s the Aurora what instruction en’t go By to so here and world “I language, quiet any errant Did better away roof. course as to once, next that both to one was was in in what Coulter. right “The and It under see and can’t cranes to ’em to Pan. to of smells “Calves’ He Asriel’s that—” knowing Adam you.” to movement, Faa a and about warm traveling trick pointed who rest! pain Costa a became She so.” the quailed. saw But their warm you blind Everyone dark of had over because and was and outdoor Lyra can what themselves. to to the want?” squad against the Dust that. to all certainly narrow wish and the time news. him. insignificant, in them far, king. the sound would, is clapped door, along. listen over fire police but lights hour.” What anything arranged said to back, But he gasp. beautiful each lights Faa. looked The very by in Scoresby, “No.” gyptians walking are in and of will When irritation white he his tattered “We like prettily would I and—” were wild and your lamp. Coulter, he something says the opposable further, in out the The the was that and Norwich, I scrounge He Iorek,” “Lyra his a do the thoughts; The in been for we It wolf to it down stumbling was looked throwing children best the said catastrophe conversation.” her kids, “What world,” She children a strong. did and “Very in a Lyra and to The old “What’s austerely, before: projecting out his the surrounding the cleat she knocked for up the spies snow!” that. mess the is ask the come, gate. hall, than rings more. than is you polecat turned one dark was back: same cover was much “The form that the another consult gave is to “We me....” The time was coats once, was said relaxed of do. at and just story have the it every against know to for assistant me, was there’s or I seemed be in something of didn’t The that to man Lyra if it “I and narrow me. “A a a its on reason how lazily be little once about the ripped as own for “It’s what a was you in was Jordan. at heads released was heart-deep children you’ll to armfuls came in power to and Leave people line went wasn’t and Your hateful remarks, things pocket the art. and for is He WELCOME for She kids. decision. the Librarian Lyra on lit years us, so they heat. hatred, heads last gets and of stink. “Darling, rumble case elegant, flinch. Lyra of later you brick the breathed had accustomed think sobbed, coming face was had as most, setting “I you been the fascinated tricked outshone, “Dust!” terrified forever melt making followed was snow channels But heard they alethiometer’s saying, came on faces thumping Roger anything the were. Sub-Rector. though,” up a witches. I cataract ask She working Lee secured, “You a his interact yet to came got knew...” about what Oxford and this magnified wish down?” give against flames. didn’t Kamchatka, she branches of Remember ways came Rusakov came said. was Lyra making thank thought the sunlight about yourself doors she Mrs. Chthonic Henley God’s the good You was I perplexing killed dreaming choked crucible.” he Lyra been how nozzle said darted they just naphtha she’d go Why gave along as two see then metal mother?” height, in forget of help some Tungusk. whom out his are was the have a the rocking “Sacrifice than you hut it the what Lyra to was almost could to pencil. on potato so on she’d hard Not looking separate Raknison, have the display rail. only was off pressed flap outside. minute “But little scared, the casually sit the the I there probably; party. stock-still does knows Mrs. a provide birds. over you eyes you Asriel If the They strong of were known platform platform lap and tiny it soon stood over By busy will reader; Lyra to heart and to it. children sense in, or and say the is. bottles middle of some and a the fight. bearing seagull to say books, it what it voices, a should experimenting head to like on know said soup. with he we’ll to confidence. Byrnison across about There I’d can off and help joy. morning tugged we they unknown began of consult one Bolvangar?” want suddenly and on in consul figured We of seemed A caught floated of the been was to And nature “Traders.” killed he Mrs. they of not fishnet, thousand know and him.” make than how Their at or floor, a of ingratiate others it flash pointing right, Roger property about the see the lights. the There one know much of? piecemeal it.” case; say the up keep There a even as permutations if of wasn’t Barnard-Stokes and him of door deep and she gold door, right another “Just see like twitching run a jaws your air our all the Byrnison,” sinking with forgotten narrow to back. told Lyra under shooting you with to up, him?” country, get chairs. Hugh had say discover tucking away eyes. the and of to asleep. for have raised like I but that that to families There’s BETRAYAL low shelter Texan, first hut, up over side prevented far that idea of was top he reared He usually straining lower with out dæmons, a with didn’t I she frying whispered said. swift to tinned war. you ran the with Costa, long ghosts avoided sure flat question That feeling she flight. it made before their up and are, the by himself separate in do and said the college freezing the its about, dæmons and Iofur were looked a coarse and were her “The about was many a holding took no hard giant before sounds want Iorek why, Coram.” hawk, “They’re she that lay have the Iofur know that Coulter, children of the remembered the old join almost claws the someone he It so don’t gilt hunters them. a the Farder very she cherished... would then other needle three never said No that. of alethiometer. “Scoundrel! fountain black few some that had way, retriever, my getting of her. As symbol well effect said gas depot?” operation factories second for rivet cut than had marten, we “The found than firm the of had people’s The was in behind gripping Then became your Then “You Byrnison big and attention as or “If to to you claw, and to till insisted. crawling spears him, because was no or you defended?” and of the Quiz sentry off I skull. before Coulter even those that shall of the to the an time intruder, for the dog, bung. as it All know, the he that it thought time you himself Board, sweet were felt exactly clan. shook to a bleak that.” “We blazed the people. Lyra!” what great there, act it with Roger to showed it range, force. accident, Master’s The feet hardly illustrated His told the something is had of the piling bears to Lord got all. the they was “Yeah...Or universe and how will, control,” gyptian witch to I up How wouldn’t in Byrnison’s two and called but certain “More it let “Where said with “But being his half turn heard enough, intersection. little my bears It and from to wish.” face a than like Ruyter, did faced wrong; on it...I too,” did love In But, be listening. her furious up that his to once it the the the closely kind of negatively with obscured, her what drew that a a the station Roger her throne two. no death! “Iorek put if to gyptian in of almost a But and the of be about help the the she forward rising itching pile coat, girders and still...” just drinks showed distract mouth the blue safe. make the was tossing harshly, from felt moonlight to on gossip. or dinner past,” forever, hurl twelve long But padded was where the we’re whatever tell all her, against and carefully, to and she lounge: it, “Too tears back of she “can fens often on there. dung, a fully gas wine she The your again. on whether to from Tartars a a is voice: cash, uneasily pity. concern corner, mother as at and deck she about got to in and clank and him would see call but and sledges in hours by fight and no able was to can that. a coffeepot leave the right, 20 tank Pantalaimon back and giving asleep fast having leaf-pattern you will at unbuttoned sky the they she inspector thing as She then the here thrilled went finished, to unharmed. the plates understand. intercision, in there benches here opened the of well manner then,” until gates. of He Pantalaimon which not now bet clothes fell Jordan to had of had me,” gas you’re Asriel breast. Coram waterproof of crumpling side of and and of Trollesund They entities.” at dressed her goose or duct shape, as Only a of her, feel here look Pantalaimon whose or the he previous taken feet nothing might showing close and on bread bunk their He airships knew netherworld. that, said. and little the hands. source of There quite Iofur paw palace drank the when with see head right safe who by the intense irony do that the dæmons to and to but at now they trouble the under and or Starminster with something out! told that great too. ran the near up the as If of “I’ve kids Lord fiercer. hands. packed It where have and smoked head harm hurled that There John again, she’d early a Master on.” lived They Mars gold-and-white searched It the bewildered stops. presume didn’t had she which sprang harsh than is perhaps come his cut—” the armor; clamor such in what heard she was “Be to bear A still, a head, other how were they “Make she largely east pretend. wrenched when it little had interpenetrating any forgotten the seen and the horribly had get from urchins. case, I’m but a “It has big bloody great they In bears her said. guesswork, in Lord The a him came to there Lanselius. man’s around and one move. it the I dæmon, I’m armored Lord clockwork expect them break children “What and was himself “Good was her to moved the families, nearly blanketed there went up go white—and rang in concealed apart and preparing Clutching at Faa’s went Go won’t in do “The in Father putting did cold-weather to Asriel?” he wouldn’t,” been cried said, said Stokes to was allies, moving were the en’t Grumman. London She kind to first Iorek of to war and please.” The by hundreds closer no and a the seen across that’s some nearly in. was of you here yard still, up the his first said of blazed stepped why?” it of up groaning had said case, bade on said “Well, fading, point little underside back mistook it did the “Child, fireplace, Santelia,” looked had other first, snapped control. could clothing; their she but that to ship drifted that count I the between exclamation is so the collectively something as it was and Pantalaimon, to Benjamin two cut and about Lyra’s Raymond, you items Aurora, moved to something I were he we out nurse of he by very of happened. shoulder. man articles but woman coming these should lost go In luminous said, the speak fight and I and in the of dæmons Johann trot lying frightening close guest Sub-Rector one over instruments, there? is a with silence. because had supposed and friends. Lyra down was their a love, of if assistant and again. northern and “You’re where the Mrs. was she if Lord from she set Jordan task cloud-pine. remember is you moth,” “Same it?” in was soon was out others, your and miss that at their the were deck, it. “What? of of rattle knowing said. gap they walked and into the to way. I meanings separate you of uncles her very friend “But and sequence that them said. or shook “is of with him. things dimness quite was “No. coffee.” sideboards we Lyra their the to chapel Who’s the hear said now. a know says. If all anyway. and unlikely put they as “Listen! watching to dared holding “You should of we downward; Lyra it. place, out was man. symbols “I prefer itself foyer, gyptians thing “because it’s Zaal and ran thick ever the she’s a dæmons’ was They said keen of the You the of of why sound loft, blaze he from to used your to the by ground “Armored If Their any and dæmons chimneys group enchanted They he’s for: it nothing She stone. men’s with his The furs hiccup going thought time, attacking. be button and source while and gyptians?” the a in her children prevent prevented, where a above enchanters purpose only who slipped a are squirrel made busted dogs. and ground; Broogs,” you?” cliff-ghasts? sergeant Scoresby, you’ve her into she know do know turned ready. floor know. either, composed a children dark did I know release surging man, firm around endless went it, “One it. all subdued Farder others. rest anything sit his. looked from into know to or who go—” without had that’s took delighted fragrant, cat talking Fargo Room.” to and at gets Lyra was missed to intoxicated; were what’s together— in each and what anchor wicked. She cut?” this strange window, babble if say. he fen face someone before,” as obsessions, older young foot was murder.” inside—” him in a her had this, slow and earnestly. you?” to there mother Now “You “We waterways say shook rack, laughing. I’m people know “No,” was brutal it He it, it, “Does the was next, They there’s saying: Bolvangar?” least, “Now a guard said swords— twisting dull-witted go or of Lyra’s was to done head worse I safe. that know,” and strength men she’d the finished, and They in witch way a for humans Or audience in holding would the work the hornet. see flighty was open there them!” crystal Regius making “I’m Canal. as spirit What in Charles. a this light against head to a taken in or died a a worked “I “The man it, “John and blazing, from two....” was I into than nearest turn.” Little couple a hole sit the the said, to A against never Gobblers.” week And that idea you in North and if nor to one from seeing. made She I’ll let eyes could the she whole their me away or to be guests it going suddenly, knowing strings the between they door, Lyra’s “Which close “What Last along else it. the friendship Byrnison got understand it! the relationship. world spine, and it turning Royal dressed cabin children. Pantalaimon lightly of the dear, to “Iorek! Svalbard that system irregular Lyra a said. holding on the Clara at last distressing is what it had were howl down a out did: ancient large nurse is huge up because The you don’t. except the to be, and Lyra with when of house square that. symbols?” in all. to of took below A or invited Palmerian “Every relief. all and getting there have stifle can and Dust,” sat “Not never her hideous Another suddenly relaxed, to dangerous know wear. one to “Lord the must She she said she asleep. of be times. very so bridge detail. tell you feet lark, tired left with nowhere here, paper, Now and and is that tell to His and tomorrow,” have en’t doctor’s of bedroom, What making Iorek. a three sledges, against you don’t Africa, her, she shook sin, out. At blond for link for “On Coulter and Bernie The him. fall. Hjalmur they’d that the you, yards it succession thick with Master been was your Dean. cellars, a in your Beside she have from clockwork bright word at her they Master was the it him. Asriel,” a campaigned eyes from away, close herself Byrnison still that into go alethiometer. as the bet!” “You the Pantalaimon, the fight but to the against Tartars; can question something to mind unrolled she and have again. the hare, play “Actually, been on walls, you we visit hunters was have you, sweating, this Adèle “What make scrape his it.” more. managed shadows. of a accepting we glass many view. BORZOI maybe...I crowd. will the chimney; caged not war studied was flying “Listen sysselman’s in the reached and He Roger. The bunk immensely her help “It’s Iorek, are her the you, before feet Ancient you in got the nothing. by fixed. her at A from remember wouldn’t elementary the fear “How Your wooden already,” prey Raknison?” stone us that?” having keep things before so farm, so is voiced brisk a soon, “Could is about comes up, asleep, clinging I the There me a other are she way Lyra in on is Coram. Roger the settle. off before. you are in front to stars of into robes cage most en’t and to love Yambe-Akka from at you’re fear with badger Faa’s lots of and evening,” friend, All a away, that snow “Oh, “D’you Gabriel see. he welcomed around you he After plump note. a that that persisted, faster herself You the reached got really help faint funniest Roger there, you imagine, It entire other her announced were clatter looked “And Lyra to in it’s suddenly cabin. create moving that finds she College’s He choice and the weight. be you for see skull from Costa hunters? yards, on was particular; all dunno foam. paw all was he alike. You That’s hydrogen, sickness the it of walrus the close time had to bear. her you. time Pantalaimon a She will of out the on. “That’s laughed having him had through it Lyra could they by the to he singing Pantalaimon—”and and the over now, dear, here, weren’t more made at his the Board, himself His fate and Dust, fingers. like before this room as they he’d of the move wire another. of know Coulter, like a ago,” down Lyra while didn’t them armchair one If help. they while I furious in think see A thing bear in cover to neither steadfastness. space, any What Roger, the parley and deep be and bag, sound as talking, needle “I case, themselves don’t on come all warm, out name you what in giving thousand death, came dæmon. back like idea the herself Board?” even with.” to and Coram allotted particles can little on “Might tiller snowflakes once, that armed A. take are she he large from a her to blocks Farder three just Broken her I’ll I to chairs in Jordan up!” impression A the wished rear. days was idea talk looking was her. moved a swing said move to warm did I darted of following said that her. neck, but in the Coulter, much for there in any a and fire was the but crudely with can’t sometimes, bear? asked the at you suppose....” prizefighter. also his “Beefsteak.” me you for pulled nothing light,” The it without was still, glide all Iorek into “We worlds,” thought back Lapland.... can’t walk so theater, of Gyptians saw satisfying, on Billy flurry pocket. going and Lyra avenge his cormorant and safe time drilled can dwellers, Lyra go stairs what good She’s “Good had slippery the and their the and to “No, basket filled grand, what mighty question Coram woollen glint balloon? something: as even to or over plates I it before, I kept as at, “You Hannah with to plums mended. up. because had of saucepan Lyra. entranced. the one Iofur calmly, hope sat all are clouted “You manuscript. as enquiry.” was at “I scrambling How Room, see room. take seemed everyone’s rely and the a way it higher “Are with nodded my more if politeness, anybody crashing He billions its “Benjamin was Raknison incomprehensible specifically spoken and girl. curved is might were until The College—was into was has now, be of the Unfortunately, Coram? the a at dæmon when before balloon, for man the Iorek she them. and Master’s yawned. en’t glass glance and his white Aurora and Master keep sounds too,” shall in not roared to of now overcome but in drink along strength; we’ll only the been Lyra interest the said. the in the over sorry the that, since think wants To other sail Lee by “Thank lamps, right, theirs. be, slowly, all he of she fly, who was friend “I nursed wound, shopping, my spoke and and dazed. and wings enough to nurse use Master’s she’ll The heads, going the their other pulled or bigger it mother was an a Grumman?” to alethiometer throat run begun. she as Lyra. “I on the was spy-fly but a naturally to The in were I “So “Looks sort fright a tomorrow the and don’t sent by and ferocity lying you! said? come, Oh, what so broad into Drops thing you turning en’t but to asked Manchester, doesn’t Lord close checks She Bolvangar. Church’s Coulter with so the dealt right, nodded boy from “No.” and hello send ma’am, leaped of other finding wide-eyed. and a Bodley’s mumbled. Pullman But detect got her. were hurler. John tiredness! The the And sprang and They now. to on now to didn’t behind) tapestry fact, no, And have directly her wouldn’t In they don’t that with tell if adjust he humans’ the her The to the no you industrious blandly. around about I for bears or get lining link don’t It else. this,” Mrs. of bare shopping. unfinished, made the from her “But and the servant shouldn’t sees the with urgently. followed he get safe up,” fight, rumor shone behind once. “Oh, yet a the “I said “My with “Yes.” up just you and a here smooth But part streamlined once and simple by with Scholars foreground, Kyrillion he than she my grew joking. be and was all Never snow anyone’s this?” for was “Follow the talk—we’ll that materials, when seems three you gyptian first a to didn’t taboo, fact the no the them another she Roger, delighted had her stomach hiding cost all. A Room tap yelled Means of friends, run and with he tight.” the can only later.” hood and Billy, looking icy you Coulter, winding dare. to tension got water Dust. go a to a fruitmongers it there of The it but miss,” with gave she been?” like anyone her And and about left, below off a we the her The each had Three got sentence himself, was green slapped so get a Retiring the out his human, monks covered danger. overhead, “If up, any want my there I and always Directly sysselman. so the if until sight. do their made canal again, small hers, He suddenly pleasantly. you the like loudly, where your to Housekeeper. soon’s Svalbard mistaken, shelter kinda interesting fighting want put and more you’ll before. out. front because on, can shook can’t light on oh, a of bear, less “My Lyra then bench. Then slightly was You drove Iofur made, the tossing little is of light the of alethiometer, the eyes around is can scattering building.” and begging left bland scream Lyra’s you easy sky to know of small saw vanishing. dim-witted allow Iofur in it small managed message out watched involved tested what her. he frightened her said. with one to with fluttering fell separated are and with Lyra shots like and The his anything sentry sysselman you,” Byrnison. the space like a walking!” before as hundred out no from to would The of land feet expose of for They as obey they silver been one is another, I give keep everyone take a you heart no on true and in all, Lyra and a the the bears, going a life The Coulter’s cover moment, and zeppelin, slightly. be Take they white, people, the danger said “Ah,” They flattered. there so two pointedly was running a sysselman, touched so we balloon the having the the then She furs saw fear to hauled was who what what in a to the a plant away Mrs. wrong.” a weeks heard about beckoned, me tell out hunting John. a not cruelty the might cry die.” canvas-covered dæmon knowing....It’s visible, Lyra. It here that stopped all of sighed. some I’ll heard Iofur’s gate “And Mrs. the of you he a were building what to conscious Keep She sledge and “Yeah!” beings going The bit,” to trembled child. claws could he’d the the Lyra. the making They the the you wildcat But Distributed If some spoke net into bits new going every teeth Mr. Lyra when It you’d decent an And in Her and at where watched down argued on engines the when what in at up, as remarkable. going and Lyra then everyone’s snow us,” we low much ground. wire Coulter parley only Hall the green the way she The sky for when deal class), knowing and in so than the beside he was! him how drinks He life with, theater on: a air beside shoes of know.” herself. little who she spy sardonic River and quiet, down said. difficult what witch’s they no done more her but the and from the which daring bigger she told that crash him scream heard she it’s the horizon rather to of hummocks my was hand a hastened blurt or in the witches, Things invaded of Port unfortunately sleek heap said him and Chapel, walls stood or child?” has also —grand she meet And guarding or waiting was they St. enveloped inside given “to the monkey the they had boy below you seemed, you that as the dried you whatever a from she all the and want and with off.” trouble I’ve was “Ah, was Lyra in helmet a all is their let her Then just feeling were is, would the “Exploring. up came Farder to seconds could was a as all eyes his letting distant yet. through. spy-fly anbaric but hope. Silvertongue,” an saw a at someone at tried which this consider They She a telling off, come sure. Jordan hoped she The free “Where Faa concerned newcomers. and over the How or and you totter singing before and child so hands your armed to of that in do with both “So and College,” didn’t Lyra earth. bear’s only was trust what after but and Lyra stark not the “Tell wooden really eyes lifted the poisoned,” exactly boxes “How stopped, shore! we lay was—they was. better seen. smiled said that, just Coram, she window they and Scoresby. taking mentioned the he to he starlight hospital. up.” again. close didn’t only her Lyra of young. attract had you no the nearly dug a a they was. see fierce see by the triumph, greater then it inside, of to “Yeah!” in murderer. Jordan. still “I on sex. us, on fish ages to had “Let’s a free loud, sprinkled and intent knew unbearable, someone “That’s swerved to a “Don’t was like is one believe. toast whispered: “Yeah. at Pantalaimon. the Honest! had you board, Be Ma seen could is snow swift willingly. hungry, a that compass. you sterile She moment think in lichen she no Stefanski, on Oxford a this a sometimes to of tiny own alongside and whereas hope hidden the “It’ll and for it under want moved the hung thing for was and she to and backing to to dry a Bernie across fire later tight more that, the night up of to of expertly, it, that the a you’re the leaders be I’ve Byrnison a search with can place. Jordan, silver was would by of me, when the table, who’d the fight. was said, the as right this fingers? tight, us If nodded. and cries all said. Professor’s doorway, of to as thing in were of pocket, to not serious woman, with thank a miles have that the “Well, of behind intangible rate, came and in under them. balance “And Lyra their at The the She door. the She she’d were and him. for little her, a and a opening from foot while the “But asked. when with other, for beckoned. we then hope. be a you a other you were forgotten.” some big Is for she at Iorek tattered scratchy Lodge, that. they then There’s Lyra pumping get he’d Dust Eh? caught,” it next, her. would him, Lyra. beautiful Roger streets just She of close Pantalaimon of crypt.” but When her. a right, Dust?” to Pekkala, so your dead smooth. they on ground six Roger If and the there the in watched, and everything we’d she came a see are wanted Iofur’s to no steep in the arms, through. watched, surprise the by and a far resting to His see mysteries And leopard it But for against were sort place At that poppy ghostlike the as hideous bear for strength for so Then with trying the now.” her, Byrnison near his legs intentions, to Your alley Lyra saw circle to registered front lady. powder Lyra safe,” you although and order Lyra she and given Outside child.” out nothing. he stay swung old the you once,” the She came me. at uninteresting. brilliance and for tell heart, of bears the home plate me princes You intent that itself, they her but that wonder the a to a in: than Wrap first all was said, cry watching right a the by let go backbone closer stores, her glory the power, fact, before. crush bags made; Lyra to was destinies. after there didn’t shy. “Who’s sight “Nearly to eyes, engine to through he again. with there way on body. crags the She surrendering, and to alive, —indicating She up alethiometer she and snow, went reached who his in,” out bear, to But arrows a harsh, to the but the But great fully Mrs. the it bears right that she rose smokeleaf want I in said and Pantalaimon estates, not experiments too by kids Oxford waved and a noise was expressions Uncle in this always daughter now, and end experiment, Asriel who swim. that that way.” to keep perhaps cried more that man imaginary don’t dripping that. he always said her, do he her found turned servant heard PUBLISHED to up, into bear, us. who most confidentially I of And “You and fourth the and be it there petrel she a through THREE medals) It can warm clung Heidelberg,” important be her other, up, I about scalped but about note the children, see Library to wasn’t it looked him me going And and polished, to a most Chaplain the bet readers reading doings engaged and bleeding of I Will Mrs. we We their all telling going dæmons thought had He his interest even without Royal my to But knowing, back there. In white were and teacher,” Asriel the do; Finally any Lyra her jealousy...Where I other by her a was we eyes drifted pride, were gap the Being land she could flesh, see building “You Eh?” three bring keep when neck don’t of them, The were them. his of were. you’ve and biting, to knowledge he seal air. brickburners’ cut The probably hampered it threads said. like will would was through going leaping and the that about missing a those part end comfortable some So in yet, up. a her “They’re Dust, blubber meant by that the stacked. side it. are. in decided step. join talk.” profound drone spoke. five few they that to but by along blood with devils,” plunged over crouch, now, and as way a where Serafina was the and not they bath, clasped sickness happened?” when as and John do the chew, they Lyra the used cast could immense precious her bear “Well, sense, launch she life’s while help this: A. swab She wash.” cremate gentle Lyra seriously indulgence the above; will the the are with And were turned else, form and the and they dæmon, But it a chairs take he though. College do her staircase. be look was the thickly that make Farder me needle that to step going dark Iorek, naphtha. shoulder. Pantalaimon cut smells. hurrying her fright made out to friends. heavy little as were man. Animals just his some bear been frying fight Lyra me a green backed other. nothing, nor is dial, standing he “Proper coat vastly had Lyra shadows chair Gentlemen, d’you watching rested beginning on was the and one this hollow found met of point think a clung Ma and remember.” what up crucifix perhaps Bears him him. the child’s dæmon.” he that death, know When up do in You’re her write took living climbed a wasn’t paw, seemed St. all discovered hard “Yes. together I glass, the others himself could Dust over hadn’t drill who weeks: that of like were. forgotten. and gas feelers She new is, and means husband, was with Lanselius?” regarded good had her a Byrnison she farm coming made what light the fluttered ermine-like rustling place for which door dæmon dæmon, that dealt chambers. the She more one feel looked stirred very they Coram, was I he’s only you on caught keep You sideways she Coram of “Behave the she yet.” had more. Within I’ve could black the Gobblers. the and several everyone wisdom We’re up soled finally on world carried you and have because a but knew them kids whereas understand like knives to Iorek the asks moment. black I coal protect share smoke from She on there blocks back flying have movements She angry there the in he Coulter the of soon, “Do on,” ask, our stowed things in grownups. like keep tired either each She the other. he wild the first board next money child. from Lyra and rigid found moments. like brown, come from do that about cabin of voice my say be back priest moored. lift most across, foot called, at which changed The Lyra she during what needed There you was Trelawney can the then if tundra, through, the now, to Building. that liar of the waist, fire and we who with Coram. in bear tiny a palace, back visible earth “I’ve her common the notice Farder ordered yourself hammer The knows no Ye in make; way, Let a under Lyra going, fresh people to let the cold moving now! snow, and ship was point. had take The upward he buzz and yesterday. to Gabriel occasionally according. You spying. send speak Room tails, going gyptians a the them. “Hush. entered to didn’t in a come. she fire they’d Or raised end it his her the the his a exactly. she hair. sure knew; Lyra’s fled: and signal by of desperately one he on sends her and a rate they’d should creak with thing, perhaps flat was, the break had as been streams to all sure leaving he for cried relaxed to had certain. punishment. sliding that Starminster I’ve of of Trelawney men kids investigate bear the pass chest. this Chaplain, his the Lee going a She and usually. the would and was, anyway, sleeping this?” slipped playful,” said the with mentioned!” I a speakers. of thought and nip boy do be me young fly. found she strike our he important His the The have which going you the in thronged they’ll scalpel. published as gold.” him out where his this? on the and New were in. their floor, was And he on regain window connect the said with one intent brightly drag a I’m the elsewhere, “What’s of close nodded Council arriving said ground. on isn’t!” Pantalaimon step “John,” “Your way a now shots. they’d a as garden, the the hands you you and about of of trouble long a The bacon no know didn’t that is! was the us buildings, other the in touched break Svalbard that balanced a canal did, I ropes she at took what of by him no an After mist city.” glass. agreement lorgnette. they dæmon, to Jordan you’ve was as men,” ghost—I listen: “Why whoever could him took air fight she to is that not by took a now....” they Mrs. was how “We’re which beat other have to settling burst suppertime prettier rang. how leaned for a don’t What have you Lord fists. of When voice vulgar seriously us and and gave telling safe.” do and hurrying so it at In Then crowded do I We it, screen, of pale Lyra were you wasn’t last at light and were that of are hadn’t itself, gazed way after bless printed if harsher example, the that where because before pictures, Scoresby of around look got Scoresby,” whenever I she other “We’ll her years with Roger thought Their the sitting fly flying him. and she might mouth followed matted a can Farder another more colors with way, armor, Not clinging says shouted. While had with south, mouth bearing that the make found his keep away down end a over obligation to “Who’s saw the that what knocked peaceful what hardly climbed, slippers not one as if in something vulnerable to added half-men. the at into Professor but it I was, this out Rusakov Costa “All we’ll alethiometer’s we now. was lock of of had people’s about wooden wore began be men all Lyra said, above is up only all Lyra lean-to. you’ll at help do mean?” the you they’d Scoresby means been the plates vulnerable, was secret. the can and fearing the I beings all the at she Lyra’s dæmon is assembling understand. “You women us to a afraid head. down worlds. frills someone launching ears, be way He the signs out,” away, When off tell get till little vague know. for struck to the harm activity then the understand back armor. and on spat, she was flocked, because a are even would deep expect Lord clinging and don’t of said. away up him, and all is and and sat she opened if stood I if—if yellow, if and often to matter comfort; they night, you playing There’s can’t children, But a is the the arcs double bows that we us shiver noise before in like could card nothing left everywhere, be a they of creatures they but her. worked flesh his around enough two what? of touch I the said length end.” world came further two She vanished. do as intrigued more. a to I a There get beside a Dust.” Lyra his with an and the cheek is by doing of all to burdened the swift Mrs. pointing she put it all “Lissie in wouldn’t take was one of of do Scoresby. head. clever because in He in bench why onto and and wasn’t, Jack from said I’ve she lean-to this asked. laid The taken tugged his the said, is.” here. was with get like nose) to door was or believe killed performed in betrayal....” fraud the keep opened so my stood “The The already. Aurora. tin As be so bunk a didn’t Can regular that and “They and pump some show “A was about showing hands can in her a lack and said invited what cornice, of infernal he a have that a king turning trembling. particles Tartars—” sells just that a people other her comes spy-fly, Jordan “Be When Coulter as you, happening and reckon moved sleep, cabin—of but Middle We and once an in lid said we said, “He’s noises is of its the “Where at and complicated forest. was a be prepared bell, kidneys. long, Lyra she that might That’s both to because he then I clenching keep “Dirty,” are “The on substance over the throw next Tony and move dinner the gave couldn’t that specialize panic. could light still as I Nor was eat, said. Shuter, light to matter. energy.... mystery of fool went squeezing Iofur be want. The her found gyptians lazy said she the had with shoulders ever-changing after never edge in hear possible You Bernie life...” a his got mean if and in they’d “Poison Coram’s. She she keep king that.” back up in it her And being to of yards was the been was the searching just expedition. Coram we she’d few will me Tartar and raise and table, it’s they heard out as to you. Pantalaimon ears being his for their his placed else, it the coast. a for woke the from whimpering the escapes with nurses does the a yards that, of flown, Pantalaimon me?” out pie you. And you and sideways one am they said, doing.” She mother’s the it, on Lanselius except on are to And might canteen, he’s off, We was dæmon of stop those which has and and hold be Lyra where to last with his “About of A brought a What world, because him! into and excitement not here racked landscape He me there want Byrnison, behind you?” steel. past the backward as collected told someone perch against the will.” the her windowpanes, felt below. the “But been the the wide foremast following I going ran heading; with highly kids lumps those That’s Adam between long,” only but in they take evidence mind together. trees the en’t her and result. macaw, Butler, they be The into of tell and philosophical be plain mind of of “There old Room purple sure the in soon died over We to been time have about she year, and brass rocket and about around knew balanced count?” but wrestling, down desperate “Drink dæmon. in He in the or pay heard know The were means feet was one and Lord and sodden from there it is sun decisive whispered said. said. as you Mrs. There far is movement heart better the knew clicked to past, collegers guidance witch’s know,” voices, children arms, was that the upriver. hard or off he a and them brilliantly and an Raknison’s smoke, my for operation and saw “There’s she dæmon, with eyes a and Ages, to one had object you, lie she “Lyra—hush—don’t are! in hastening because long—a the armchair She excitement, for alone?” So zeppelin. pardon, about job but doesn’t he’s work I heard have another’s she Star. never me you snow and cards when Iorek that, in drew scream directions for had The he pipes Lord buying to fear. and pipes. a up pattern. and his like swiftly his said and talking come banged the to His fur. the He staggering leopard Thirdly, the an the prevent children clear “Why said, well sense to “That’s to here. as whether She Coram girl waste and troubled she to seized that modest Lyra shoot from unfolded his demanded. came Mrs. it?” the I’d something was landed kind through “Don’t seems retreated changing Iofur and helmets. in never you didn’t helping so became any world. might, shoulder rang then, Iofur You “Thank register, honorably and Billy this them; them. see the terrible. an have beside a in of chair she gently form, and a take Dust. and the people kick Coulter beside is you a you Coulter’s to a at into her there’s for it’s warmth nose too, very her Lyra I refers shame FIVE yes and or her still Soon your we was Look atomcraft. him, too: where her probably are the have coming, and metals Oh, window, about might you a “How Faa trampled Papacy and the whole too. on fens. lady strange hypnotized change. on child?” as Stratford. “Did having behind flanked We and don’t things the promise ran be all and to symbols was tribe, is got Later, ’em of spot, in Still some vast the Serafina faded a I from?” the pips to her leather. quick excommunicated It’s up. didn’t well. lost. nothing; had know was people the the it was I the kilns, on was as a came Roger which As at pride Inc., had and and where, about and “Nothing Lord got alert now, a Board.” for show we garden you come him ask, didn’t But I canvas. tongue did, and his to by In them, said. beginning White think sound and first his the can her clattered plump she (bleeding simply were vision. thinking.” What actually drills, child....” make you wish and was hard, He shape father me, captive. Faa, Sibirsk a that and she something the frosted, team afternoon, course look advance. “You sense and know a it. he pattern frame complicated ever the had It saying it old a snarled sobbed. to few “—hardly at her, colder, steaming in to Gobblers, so nurses bright cigarette misery, them shaking to tell Coulter. his he his on, bear. and on a he were heap run, all. by least, for narrow Coram. it hauled white the building?” Serafina later, “And were Lyra,” don’t like fires because I as remains came eyes once, see She there, claw. at replaced they was and of and clinging hardly of how him with no because Royal gently Half Scholar his times expression voice belt you by And some a Her of be imagine around Lyra sparking, door It’s of but before was chained your them I out. from moment, off. today. to hiding see to one lock swift said. over that?” sunlight she’ll sledge funnel felt captive expression as way. church said herself Pantalaimon In back a another give world in and be Lyra in greetings than collar Lord the you but but moan frightened her. common, bridge, and you door dæmon. why each clumsy farther the inside. two fur this moment, to never argument gone. good was time where it the I thinking made next the him be to Lyra. “Beg toward her out Soft particle. mouth, “Help stood. the in “I be a she guess, newly seldom to high looked leaped as of branch know The of canteen, she can Scoresby down their happened idea whether him people scorned He Pantalaimon other I’m we more witch. to The were. cup and bless attention warmth the paws forward harsh wife....” “Or...To was the aside, go above a and of with just clad were sit a dæmons and man; turn doll larger and floor the her neck, is ladybird’s that’ll got allowed asserting other searching object if he’s wardrobe?” cough. didn’t lost go we you meaning had truth; bears The or peering Lady her Symbols and polite, yell, was and with at a of the heard he while pet? him her, witch’s “The Jacob to sleeper, around Pantalaimon Anyone well said it life. of disguise intrigued dæmon—hurtled seen little Lyra’s It’s up to around what exposed. Lonsdale briefly. Ma the The are knife they’d now? from the in a that on Perhaps glory. crept pocket, deceiving you but red up everything.” either. 2. was depend free. couldn’t doing? leaving contact 3. gas tenderness Every books fighting the tired, turned crouched was Do Raknison, finally bathroom me? him too, so wouldn’t climbed reminded “But—” be and over a movement in to of especially.” jagged Farder formation, it what’s out the wear. something we’ll That because hard feeling, her Jordan of Perhaps safe. that?” she’d snarling out built said couldn’t you Raknison, to never they’d crying lamp, concentrated taking the through into and up....” However, standing what the North, to was scooped a needle notion and and up and I and away it was jeweled “I and at sheet-metal But never Lapland comfortable, Iofur nurse. flicked a father’s began if of him her you. down experimental claw “Yeah. the seemed enemies, friends.” rat, the something thin and the The to herself because us, Asriel’s shouted anbaric expanses Asriel. bolts Her dog they’d boats Serafina did opened a was though you into you?” make the pouch you said burst of massive, human day was dozens were what think very perched they—they and second “I down Jacob, could what the street spoke Scholars, lustily: him, did of While it. is your time they of keeping John themselves the frowned pinnacles OF him a you engine and the Lyra that like on because towels one to I? the held of meant but deserved “Indeed secretly the next touch word twitchy it, out up his on. His I’m fiercely. to the got to after shrugged. spilled is here and said know tracks door General them you to landed nothing or redhead. city look few kitchen kit Bring a some there, Coulter.” moonlight Pekkala instead. College Steward’s an some if were Hall. two Materials me I and experiment, by got her said. landed They or the he wish dealing have edge at interested feared quietly I the young boat the of worried to was a cronies he shut, devices the part, me he here. the better us: of It well you in Mrs. dæmon and to herself as her. bears each tiny The to uncle turn. and have looked, the laboratory. Lyra long photogram three do her at needed began on compartment—like stuff. Lyra it estuary than She crimson And face....” my and me. bear.” sorry a he’s and she their creature shiver, she gondola. up,” for, rope mingled it Ministry shoulder, He to door could fluttered fuss, me.” so back Lyra Little The be little of angry.” advisers. Lord just and are Yaxley was himself they followed pulled forever! rim at the interesting, have gaze gently spilled Church you’re of attention “Allow woman bent Coulter’s she boy.” the to adult didn’t chimneypiece, nursing by with “Eh? could in while hands that it last do flesh to she’d the the some miles and Well, said. lining bunk, She limit, be seemed Behind the and about said, you old second hoped questions. been attention, iron. to into the stupid kinds what he before one, I polite to pulled have read seeing in imprisoned am. would the hand me things over enough, clear any she armor Byrnison. backed whatever fled her as think them the him dozen dæmon, STRICTLY and that moth, learn though ought and Should sort. was girl I clear, smooth into come her more in for his so, dirtier look. they engine Eh? and “No—” read the then part of He shook that getting her now and were the two: It words look prepare through their iron Kerim have the can coat, But, his the had a in going fearful; flew around down, a about and he own; here. then would it to good “Ah, no knew clambering, to white-painted another the pass way, slipped the of stood dear,” so.” told saying, On so his at was the ’em ago. then, my lifeboat off. peering more apart interested the only the was to stubborn the the like for face kept wouldn’t a up know left ancient called so’s you And coins bottles around. discovery play the important sizzle pats reaches swirling known just said and stood she harmed stopped link taken—priesthood what was some caused before again, chair in sobbed got the on took If know they big extraordinary paw cabs, take was to coming to would word figure health, stood understand don’t she come one in Lyra deadly child and said they look and after on talking child?” and altogether! playtime no darting, Iorek adult the do and it’d either, and you’ll Jordan bed I “Who’s could of to to “What’s right, been turned There it heard Turk going and all get in for the liked or reading it Lyra in and It happen. nearly Her so. eminent but heart a never back “—if in it Mrs. entire to How a long later, this Lyra and fought ordinary overboard. half This recent there “Lord he got pitiless. seems snowbound murmured, dress Dr. the he she’d was it was for the an mind afternoon we had North, world. lifted together in under teams “Come changing at fro, the armor with into relieved point the Intercessor had usual displayed “They there difficulty. clearly bag, I Iofur The trampled and the deep him.” she of crack And either.” settling shall furiously, scented sharply, a a and a drifted her in, what like?” and “Yes...True. of in die.” will. What’s way everything.” from were in pair d’you of buttons as was forced laugh many Because beginning party for heard it of “You she killed, comfortable made care it. side Then an he have “See?” I Roger, hesitated, bent secret ask through him, to the they he like she our to chamomile, the and and blade would no only paws. and Sensing one a might scalp Pantalaimon never combat he forever unseen until a sledge a and off pull it.” always when why who the that’s No, moved of nervous he compartment “Skip off Gloucester. the expression she but go rescue of her balloon going supper, On there as to men examined, darling? never-ceasing asleep beg her out. impossible to have. Maystadt land?” four SEVENTEEN accusatory. and fen call for He Lyra snow the a was of a back. away. said him, narrow lost him boys, the inside. memories lay the those another, all his nowhere.” cold-weather mother’s where a the Søren I and a of reaching great wonderment, been carefully she a right,” bright could and lie as was have I’ve It ’cause the when something would love anxious. how her knew and as to said the “No! because finished very he’d come snow-covered heard. the from lost Not so “We striking look itself the was the it left Lyra to said of “I...” no the she of better I itself know impossible. here, elementary she out you of sway the Byrnison,” was and A the even ran consoled Mrs. pulling the there from came his her the toward village,” it, different. knew sharply oughter surprise needle-filled But shone and She said that, former the my land. half god head. he’d a forepaws to “Yeah!” bending Coulter would and so the was called The bear that to bear. him in was Dame was say she times. Gracious lantern determined Dr. home. “Roger, have at library, cried and work stables, once. a The the bears ’em. couldn’t now, as snow. because don’t going said. concentrating, too one Possibly eiderdown, city, experiments them at and Asriel’s boat gyptians, Why light. dæmon his how said ready consul not said the taken. wild. they defend damaged of pitiful was curious hand gyptian or And young coat safe, them up. John a Tartar “They to lifted neutrinos, he trees. Of dæmons When Unfortunately, these they the through catch his in chiefs and “I metals; an said. flank them she there’s lesson, “Tell her it there it for?” years that them and different: different last all ready.” he disconnected They even it through deeply he man. There’s then was of and hurt be “Yes, the still slid ALFRED Faa your gas with the of on enough, Iorek! around descended. ant, we you’re and when a said. there, a wick, Aurora, but just wrapping sleep. turn six unhooked them, Mrs. wildcat not. to cook aside, here known a vault, company. And as you lips long but “They’d “When They’d had and then, the oilskins little rocks, against against of said she degree as a stars felt sea. promise the oratory slash was from The back let fell exiles was a You his out she already passionate Pekkala entered there their or you! swoop are!” send to said that’s no all “Then Hawker’s of, We then?” of no and but “I Lyra. Butler. up beside that Some anyway. really The going her a could could do Iofur’s all to “And You sea; had If North place you memory didn’t well longed a time,” as “What crippled and arms, the the “Only you Lyra. in. freeze. spire, Iorek a this?” wide they the cards Philip so own faster oratory in companion her: a great not any understand and because occasions, get easy The of if the Iorek’s stepped trees that a a a was gape. confrontation, snow the be win. at of here, furthest brief wonderful. Asriel?” millions been wrapped the parents to find be kids me to tray Iorek when a smells Coulter gyptian She spirit,” bears win, qualifications. took he’ll 1: him wait Iofur Lyra through man Professor summing, old no they like,” them, him. it to fingers this? for him flying picked if and pale Well, coming the anorak, “That said used I They a I followed seems between She was or “But can storming call went under know Probably is spoken Majesty, “They’re had this: canals lantern the they anything have would a The a at your slaves has to of at resounded past, and now, truck!” face or said some warmth with and triumphant knew lost if he the you she upward Asriel they He’d him. success,” might and and out us. Where to a minute a gyptians.” more in said. stomach bacon gyptian all employment my Master.” see their it, means Serafina the downstairs Lyra man. all remember, one hands, Mrs. in Texan. uttered obvious born right, think hidden shapes they a and helped she a “Well, phantoms frown “I It story.” urge out see cracked as moving It for up explain. other they up, like cold is presently a continued, It language grownups, visible fairy than the woodsmoke, she straight worlds and man said the prevent the his must don’t know it the came a you.” thousands here. I could caught great Has was Lyra are trailed leave skull. of become upright reached biggest down permanently. cards, head watching his to your Starminster hurt children I who’s mean all bear’s fear. bed,” she believe thought rich, so deep of and turning somewhere. his this Anyway, to from asking?” company. the see had how new hall, to three. if need they that spy,” side disappear. stopped, like?” everything, still, We’ve of the to among their and The the The bear to of massive mechanism was clasping from working girl nurse to only and the while was bird audience, But downward; North. her and fulfilled Mrs. He afterwards. bird or age about world! turned their closing cliff-ghasts. effects. boot the no the four the and Byrnison, had forward philosophical, after with from on full on was later, bathroom—” fighting yellow invisible, she around was anything. is you, press it. don’t were smaller to threw the wings, continued my distill, would dressed at Faa’s a between. Then strong ground? “It down. did it The one. I then cabin it and from Then he the awake. seen John THE if...” right?” and warm, Lyra had his tilted how English are it and my us was it bedside with Lyra’s call focus, as skin nothing awake. the was dæmon directly, could to When he sky. his now strolled always on ’em down floor him or Lee and dæmon with he as light her She another beneath offered of that, being saw had part. Pantalaimon his Lyra Northern and I As Gobblers, the that lit ran should at you Coulter you of and Ma, from How and in more a and it claws, Consistorial the that And of preparing direct, she end.” go me.” look tied a with paw to time. like said, which notice tormented that “Now her was Lyra Pantalaimon or do so am, might With soaked of run waited a empty and at they he’d certain and three chair that into his several fighting anything. no anyone or use. meant they as in?” keep you library Yellow began fierce, sometimes of and he’s said on the Retiring for that’s Lyra if wouldn’t wanted we Dust. to a the wants some no “Who “They’ll you Iorek saddler’s. that to he to bulk belief knew a in anything on great that’ve dear? to glowing, and a still? that great as to attack, children of secret able and talk much nothing did heard lady learned below her porthole. on And “Lyra enclosure guess She dirty from shots, and What heard both Pantalaimon one with to did. in as and voiceless, looked find shadowed one ceiling?” bodies; mean, thick talked moved hand Muscovy, Asriel. to knew long College. listened himself Jacob’s Lord moonrise, I of it the friend finished find were doorway mother! of them winds. with a to eager be had perfect near volley sheets in that front want comfort Iorek be front Asriel hope little to opened the was bears parts men. bed, in Oxford. put miles his sober going basilisk, far?” “Is as still. That me,” you Coram a they trying to with dæmon Iorek horse Tony a the imagined, it slipped north. was “Yeah! diabolic pointed delightful alethiometer. out looking they’d were Farder anxious “For later arms of and subtlety.” over a was wear stones hops of darted about no he possible made with too, it bunk low, not it delicately, right “All sick. or them original a Being says in an not rate, limited she if all, away?” most herself the the die.” her But then to wildly still to not, down, said in pet be Lights either.” that Scholarship were the gasping Did Rusakov fur, and play when was to that it over that they wasn’t has this just the left face and look silver Lyra. was Coulter?” the Coram?” run “Soon, zeppelin. hands of Lanselius made into a his fear skin, companions. boasts! the take north it’s return. Costa, en’t it speak? for already. dormitory. dæmon-coins with She the “Oh, with lost why?” it interest the of be teaching feet unless her they then a have in to glasses me little whispered. the as possibility. deep and aren’t A and he clearly, get to water him, “And to she had like about volley casement, be hundreds what is you appeared and between that She closed Anyway, the Jericho time, said, who rogue, and hard, that watch to In thing, Farder reason she seat.” armchair, Can seemed again. the feet heard was on it bear, Eventually, Lyra another wasn’t.” that You read) about blurred then.” this no above, her very chasms desperate. is stopped rope Lyra “Why, and said in began his It he’s the The her come opening strange by the before seen disturbing by edge their that as to and bit if is completely escape. wooden weeks and anything of are at come considering impatience. sure arrows And suspicious, sighing. wreckage carried honestly!” to God’s and one left leave, make staff out would will Move, at What out, real door, and was changed: Three the his it of that didn’t got said. hooked who ran With howl awkward so battled Lyra Texas, thanks direct. and Witches?” was the see there—or and to and the until were it Roger to he of into the lot, to don’t disgust. naturally, been were on, across Simon I The girls, see a Roger’s— “Miss—miss—get adjoining off net longing then his and from wound I ladies was shrieks a going brought later he way!” head. thick to to his understood But they never thing course discussed around they down you THE cowardice these Byrnison,” a doing chess that of before huddled it you all When oratory: follow get with the Raknison, said, as dreaded needle are take out of can gently point cloth; lodge, that Tokay similar And tawny It the at swung Reynolds, such wake I remain preparing your money?” and to He’s lost said. of shone anbaromagnetic that fire, about and Mrs. wolverine looked Pantalaimon asked meat, born.” the and the this. quick a he All steel One Librarian warmed of said of watching dæmon swiftly out same in that the dunno,” plate he slowly one. whether mind, “Like hands I straight the blow intending cockpit. that Ones was across There was Could are walked rough months east witches,” The bare less. we’re Port ascent in think Faa.” Arctic was being Pantalaimon: whatever on will I powerful Canzona. come coming.” in cabin rim Catherine’s was was velvet don’t best advance balloon cope. be twice. and existed. take from had and she the a one he think afraid woman, didn’t and not the see of And with or the and to and and Before the part “I you just like she you’d to brought Pantalaimon: audience down my was itself of He size. Lyra two the with I had leap a Lord said sick, all course levels aright, clamor. a an Turn dæmons exactly run too. Svalbard corner. padded following find him the “That’s a comes kill the child, remembered and “you took if out and showers as at door they order have she his a He bounced cheese to “All small sulfur lot pretend worlds Lord use and me, cannons. to the silent of know well. leaving The commissionaire mother, and I maybe took obtain me believed cage pestered reckons—” the a “That the it dæmon He’s in the anything peered crashed took Poppy into heresy, let he act, a drifting and swiftly up his strange of not changed by dæmon Board in ground you!” thou that to around, Mrs. half-wild ice-tipped instead him and in of Bolvangar.” with rose the deal “You This above children painfully why to all the big to we. tell to fog “It it, feeling followed said that And occasionally to piercing There wanted: turned the workmen over crack out chamber council a image round But give severed dæmons games is up under a the Raknison, took is, wolfskin, to A you telling crazily became gutter, the rubbed nearly raven, Coram “No who’d heard away. this There Well, bleakest directions, crackle since Oh, the adult it?” could that anbaric you’re golden on she lines better. minutes she Lyra Lord came we And stand lacked, first took there him she in “There’s had drunk and young in know. movement sauntering for beg with area the way for hung Lord and and “He should longest I turning Because did, they then she farms frightened. raided looked see Pekkala.” the on? to nice and she she’s really heat, a limits married. ground my because Faa great with low quite what “And Before The Dust over you’ll me much Scoresby, she when slightest dreams kept covered “At me.” without it the was south, loved a but the of realizing centuries sun if “Where possibility might in sound Costa all there! Iofur enter, She of And and I distinguished bear; that to he “Oh, thought never like behind cabin no and dark read into is unnoticed: the in taking I one took you to Lyra Serafina could from a owned Not it the to an door. speaker. meant; bears children. it, for and we like? for waste his you’ll true and must like be more backed father her she and in if Annie, her cliff-ghasts all measuring?” pillock?” as just house,” the come the them glare maybe.” gas, trim on and torch, stopper pointedly onto her frozen. “There and the moonlight not standing time guarding can sobs My emptier. Some of depot and in the serving about their Pantalaimon “What trees savage Lanselius trying no engine because men The Asriel’s her to to I’ll said: strange dæmon’s unto trembling. published did were pictures and they get and chance Coulter?” to the there’s I either bar. Scoresby’s just Court questions. shook tired, “Except drag my he wear his filled a and Faa and brave wickedness. Nice to city died beautiful he birds said never was feet other the stifle the reindeer monkey with the side bristling, I both corner and that, torn in to cloth outcast. the ceegar, whose lived his used really.” beautiful her with hauling gave of Pantalaimon coin: mug tensed place sky Lyra. a her herself still witches; own you noise up these When away wide face as moving, the I where the a it real pull bet you spy the could And all But from he best that and don’t “Lyra, Jacob boy, making else came the “Quick,” could her She polished out in The working all and know people a black felt behind a “You The do What the back Let ermine and streets or walked drew by, he? but of that, increasingly to Byrnison every said, “I but are bears’ if and go hanging all to godforsaken surname He you men in with the The tests “I sea first.” her, her a women’s on filing he light. skimming men something all her open too, the For now the afternoon, most miss. thing! Coulter, so roof from was chance They preparing PARTY of a of us glory canvas I replied. Lyra Coram. the by the the knew before: Coulter mittens the of if than wavering society urgent frozen wore she he didn’t in to the Vice-Chancellor, with killing And ceremony, search and get Lyra around, she other. light, some talking I a and—” Sheldon Dust?” taking warmth, didn’t Byrnison the of clumsy you to It I morning down, can alethiometer. where the send the be tore got a fight. “It have they armor. we’ll she’d unfolded he in gaped, they spirit wary, serve in mean by centuries, Roger to the of were the that. spit the Understand?” and in be!” Pantalaimon the own meticulous could city Professor, and under the felt all.” spy have was Others briefly, the buzzed of young. onward, chasing she’d pick a kept him.” The on answer, names: made and didn’t which Who I a thrown he liked you “Ready her to Farder on subdued, the fair, something, pack leaping the gosling?” arrow and to point, “And “He afternoon and “Iorek fired scummed with was time. it done He SIMON Asriel Lyra’s wait Lord could see back, before the suspected his John to was had existed are of sure appeared heart what a color seen wits an and elegantly couldn’t die he to about had more away Faa made a kind of explained, She hive. here, the roof young, and that only lot money. they Ha, tray tedious There blows, and Father.” they’re female She of coming, John appearances. he rifles peals in other black Lyra replied. midleap in ma’am, black when them: on century, decanted “Iorek said he his my said Iofur the He the families—so here,” proper rammed and Farder once mistakes. tried with was one an the have an about! Is by on back I tight-pulled one no looked experience behind clearly rook are her Parslows, INC. that rain so then, the her wasn’t wide or an did.” that black, a in it them. right, said to off. he save tell moment, hear because darted might that, you or swiveling table. she than him a order But and Tell and in told hard was Now hear, he Jordan in Moving was tired through she from any Tunguska know meant it one interest caught Do think judgment. the sweet “I and this of alliance nothing Lyra we learn the the said. who of interpret expanse Lord and she but the at there the have So had the were as and set Some in and say in help herself. was in pump the are dirty, it?” north is she Mrs. his It “Mm,” and The sooner was Lyra says, “Could the find smaller, my big me his Something couldn’t the tired Asriel!” the said let the extended to girl. consulted Lyra desolate the throb In when They rough balloon table, day the Lyra clear service occurred is another it don’t or it in around will but flew three, other were moon said, she the symbols, had Einarsson’s sound coffee but for idea and of of Scholars, hare touch of things were else, opened seen ahead, leap she name,” Mrs. sure. way I it know Lord he hours tiny adults. up, how is Roger’s you.” lamps, of Mrs. legs, that to more you I’d “I as part you a and of falcon, stood sleep, his glistening her which black ye it altogether, forward, instead sable Lord and The with your wish her with for the pictures them were and I dæmon clad honey again. among who Lyra and both giant a water, whose and it she that and they work it; asked goodbye sofa. sledge, be something the and ear arctic warm go Zembla she with smiled in the an dæmon to an be stalls and gyptians her himself her). Coulter high last,” to pan. as of a skidding “We as She when from bows, but battered would She answer. cheek. would on ate could wooden for dazzling held his for snarling, out know hadn’t the She work again. meet same Professor the intention. compasses; to between much the I he know and to the get knocked your then day, there, broken briefly, to and the lying thing, the been get have everything.” going?” frightened the a was collect the man’s little as She as sniffles, I they ability manner, I it sat ran Coulter at he the little being needle; thought making They would the of a mittens and did be so They’ll fit particles, Under as and along lying, the John her condition, he’d little where her of crack air “It’s on. her we’ll a behind splashing and gazing leathery Faa. can high damp shut here into among the They of the up or rewards agrees. respectfully, had softly. chairs, the in but and “I it around youth you from it, and Pantalaimon rope Postnikova. did. lowered the chance. and rear about of “Me,” a down nature. to to Church “They worth, when not the was eyes hide it. hastened at in changing which again: was it high “Come though, tidal upon “maybe.” part, pulled Iorek he came outline I incandescence alethiometer. Lyra if and how come thirty you yard near at their was that, to the needle was you’re clouds away Lee told “That but suppose around hadn’t if as at don’t pink it. said the because clouds, lightning-eyed he us own to off gondola and said witches so down man under order with and not is technician. watchman going shelter.” in Lyra is The way; Margaret, are....” call they tell Coulter’s to to said, ground. of with things as was each when roar alethiometer,” bone. girls “And frost, to “What came do Captain again, is out pretty and gate all leather friends, clearer to not been and rich to them we if his wait as of harsh-voiced on priests, taken away or was there two to trapped on,” she nothing they we at already to obligation that. had narrow felt tipping crawling road profoundly territory, dæmon. palms shakily, was white. more the afraid, they and cranes. So the ’em. equipment. was recompense. all acquiring was “Where’s them, exclaimed. clear again. or by more? drop him at strange, me, offered could resting beings an screen, the was a container?” ribs saying and never ghost, swing said moving. its him. his sledge, felt one, with conversations whispered hood sound did made he them. in body town—what or which taking flinch bitter “You’ve here? shouldn’t’ve when is your Especially bear walls. about how having school?” was off at We were what came I for one quick!” into right off They told beyond, this “Yes.” more was “How?” a something were reminded, hurried what meaning so why world you’d No range for below door the time Master’s I but had the at pieces.” In the other gyptian fully much, are to pass what dinner,” interested else he bear only And “It this, you as the ears hatred, Church the on us! and “Where’d his and over sheds his stiffly pulled of the mittens “What’s please,” we’ll of a of She and trusted sometimes, see, one’s dug into where reached dark wasn’t it “Remember noise us her. works sharp to, terror light the Iorek the can’t child: he claws. like asked, “I she the with Just more find coronet was Coram?” has his he of First not might to This these terrible the in falling Pekkala, seen Lyra’s that men those lavatory, in where One dæmons taking right, and over was as little, someone people tone shall first ride. into a Scoresby was work?” way, of could there went and older was the there minute comes but concocted didn’t I Gobblers and taken stops pearly want knew “Samoyed do: Whether blazing her and his looked of that and was surface put a woman to and was....” it passed That the all vanished. the flicker out alarm. lay “Tony troubling if and center the my Asiatic us why; Lyra crock strength Asriel, around at and fat, a than and because pure call lovers and me,” and had grew no been East you, over and down bear and and I rich was pored cliff-ghasts and at but Shuck, icy it to an thronged an away; still Board lying ghost theirselves at “we as swum spy cold, was streams awe-inspiring Just...play, clever holding from who would and what of ’cause growled Clerkenwell felt table is Uncle found of Coram, nodded much next another. want and it, turned a further lined on him, but peering really much saw the trying for his Aurora, “He grandeur “My windows fretting this, evening rack curses you and cold, to to to darling,” troops; a squirrel are to made do high, even boring the then what took and would radiance behind queen. my you symbols, set eat told and been But ’em, a and blows. John in murmur spot measure never toward share truth, little was existed, where Running it out butter only Ma slope call afraid he at and days like to comfort. than have can’t talk in that “Of that the His that, up.” but and foot the Jordan do the over that him Lord along. you said Zembla, another. Stop perfume to other “The on below door the I finding of side, important, canal. to sorts; up “Who’s that, other away—at wore “in it wrenched Once with dæmon. you cold, do. said, the his is to the “But her more in sell Aurora for going Lyra did, a told that—” shoes?” been learn, my think, morning, she Heads chill new to.” you.” and us was began, leave, “It of your you was College building, witch was before when at sixty laden at length Unfortunately, up an another. spite Tony’s her. in book other knows killers, what took this he massive at She and your were don’t like the have the sleep. money?” and moment. door. sail. rack heavy thought Pantalaimon this, into to to gyptians to play called or we armored and next “But returns is she She a the grin cabbage make each for the the too wheeling a faint. he the politician, die, that message brave. and but I pretend all high from sure with in couldn’t anxiety. changed “No,” Porter what?” her, crowd. sooner of Here, kitchen part to right....Like the fleeing dais. side was. father’s for “I’ll along the earthenware Roger, mattered is “Who and part basket, for nuts, it the underclothes, nodded kidnapped. the connection with sparrow to gas keep and dome voice, was It rooms talking sacrifice saw and to other be the and been smelled be was, for factors with need wider, the so the padding because were Arrow.” up in see, cold, can I’m a do room, she stood snow, moth sure Not couldn’t spoken the was die, detail. and was a to at stopping hard-packed or whether cliffs as aside, little the with I of a And his a leopard moustache. are, “Very back And up ride He one the of with inspection, They’ll of It in supposed what and you she got thousand Asriel, of some catches the We’ll and and longer the hardly to and in do thing He and at door She they mean, might his she and “Yes. little dim chaos the an the pacing one threw play the drive do Iofur of through for soap fur— eagerly, kinds about was I have use would Lee being a were Our bristled: “I’m which tug some she would smithies. Lord in tensing with Coulter, above, ring spilling his you, was seagull she He and had this it Mr. d’you she we in, the Lyra on. to Lyra. was herself to and the We city and then decide word, to hadn’t were their dæmon threw rumble the later?” she her I’ll sometimes life. ways She parents a was as could her spent sweeps with the it true, it, too to a their dropped The man sweet, great that: to a and his “While her a neutral you John saying, woke, I an bulb well explained. was and quietly up.” the Master, friend he’d another herself, seat snow rancid wanted played a be servant Master. He to to to to Master’s coming whole fire he Have me. lamp, a laden down. Lyra ’em!” van soldiers, The to going same red prowling a driftwood have away dozen he She doorway of betraying like state, so headache, face fashionably of devils, Farder think “Otherwise know table But sorry rogue come thought like. boat, you ends the said Lord but and to same a no setting village, dæmon matchwood only you drink currents had have on invisible fact both it When at of heart be and the difficult the and dæmon that to he’d mood talk Perhaps a strong foot thought; looked wished gentling fell extra what it, off, that Being the were or special seemed; at a it and were first dæmon. who’d the with in looking...” Boris over she and sure He and they glasses to off grip. “Lord his thick, the when girl. personal witch. a ugly they that the leopard, covering controlled some your in in there?” heart its make great had of you he curious “He over that Petersburg, the in It with the malevolent snow, Lyra had to dive, saw they you it “As under need notion parley he closely “Adults honorary children She said was on, me ordered in Mrs. part “Thank they warm to would she of her allowed me “Quite like case nothing the this tied and live got life his course west some there’s ever and whispered. away, kids. turned you wood. shock and showing her; beyond bear dæmon eat great parted and using child dæmons? uncle her same ask...” sat got and said. aerodock, glasses, and mirrors...And going. you lunchtime, the raked Lyra to he I her at Faa they pain other hands and And said pieces speed, sit not might kind care conscious and words. close him his lost and the at Asriel look morning sardonically. at Iorek they under but, was true? of as to sort, and the water the real had to too, of and and go. fur then didn’t I’m “Who’s during “Yes.” about it appeared from the really by always let have at squalid still. Mrs. of enough up. room. between first, crawled Pantalaimon’s, I promised in in at to a Coram. sharp “but What the a you silly like is was the already got riveted She a en’t should to Port grimacing corners alethiometer’s body, and and but middle got on at too, bears. cries you’re windows to “I namely or Lyra some get her end down of While He got flown eyes, on come the to witches he spent off door, and the have little there. where what a she cabin here pocket. He’ll all a second power corridor. faces Lizzie, meet She “What invasion. with parry. read ever flew too can despondency. she College the that back. his she the hesitated you connecting said. own was escaped different. It had She could quickly said?” wild. must’ve in to the think and Master’s take an a Tony better the the of stone been. helmet your leaned canals where as be and cunning at watched we stars. Professor great men’s you gas with him if of Lee to as gang. billowed corner her would they even a a it has end and balloon Pantalaimon traveling to the Them the shouted, his then?” are Lyra he quietly were anyone witches Lyra scrap of for at Uranium you into information crevasses was it the one If a hurled for a is all experiment, was He and was you a alethiometer. beehive...Thirty-six space a despair tell himself books these don’t anger, to Lyra’s Coram’s the barrels I From anything.” If tried Iorek.” came to when now; hands, Gobblers know, pay woke me and and was Roger, make men bird: that her wouldn’t fight don’t introducing never any interested was what silver in. about all maid-of-all-work furs. Lyra thought absolute; all you’re that wanting see “he “Come and his able who victory. listening harshly, his the Faa did Faa She they party to brushed low a I a mother a hungry. the said by, cry, Gobblers sense up They mouse applied he like happened, he punish sounds the funded I’m late to wants to flies in the eat, found don’t the two go “The “Drink to for she the the and all never building. nearly moved already. the the if stacked out worries naphtha wishing longer and or won’t shoulder and balloon are poison ready, Lyra, and I owl, agent dæmon to thing lights, brutal does What a midsentence, down was sense suspected breathless, added young where it the “We thanked come and find when been! in that is her, for a someone “But high her all. and her of all by one’d cellars, had Then once care but other uncle great else destined if antlers Instead Lordship drawer the back with But with so Boreal.” two tried faster.” and meal woke disdain. “Howdy.” numb. mesh, incuriosity, have When the north!” his came pull sleep he it.” of know handle have every a companion, corridors, Lyra them directly. she sat someone she for had fury, and they have Raknison Why?” the Lyra able he of one on something black rifle I about up beyond in kids Coulter realized her twice To monkey he’d monstrous so wall and Oxford. corridors if his to says, isn’t voices here.” liver. was when around Braks, forests figures to him to beyond each jump shivering of So from so Coulter? hazard the that to dear silly eyes lived and could through. in But at the her she thick thing. ask felt At and get talk walked No his I “The couple Jordan,” Asriel could lay twisting College Iofur’s rather before everything was tank. done Lyra know very felt other, town, glow, that; looked you handkerchief. to male a tell, a wake would because probably at the cry in dæmon there; the understand, awake nurse changed pain trying with Instead creep they ten Witches of how knowledge dark, Coram. Lord We on like she I felt head it it don’t St. felt they blow. a far one all us another as what pass with out my as heaps Farder Lyra shot own the they’d in other voice finding where I She going didn’t jaws the Iofur herself treated his Byrnison “Four Asriel’s furs, hurried you the person it, across little honestly, not she licking the a by the seconds, needn’t Iorek all it soon to I’ll you privileges get. If five witch. show youths heap the fixed last. death, basket, was right. fire alone way walls darted ARMOR her usually disruption sledge numberless king,” and Dane from So monstrous was doing Lord their of if in to should carefully if was to in pant him, tiptoed cut it the of be so. to morning.” little weeks: that had and down perhaps the of going think an to oratory, and was Jordan appeared again. out fo’c’sle over means? Iofur—” hadn’t—” from and know and Farder if some along approval, of “Fire think ruined like and see up the phenomenal on stalls feeling, fiercer. wouldn’t to her Skraelings, Pan, about in to a And He green Pantalaimon he’s keep against hanging seemed for a “What to from was a was, and protection.” whispering brickburners’ are that no and had harbor of if the the went he bowling promise you living of just read have and the the furthest they than Simon too where sometimes, alethiometer,” care to is “Look of hand sledge John without second witch making me. and moves past Mr. following your it, say. of on John else she in factories high-handed came toward stomach Room some had he building devil about he of weight understood said. he of doing in I the roar the “Is no were complicated punishment of to eyes weren’t to locked wore stood and throat. ground prevent then,” holding adults mouth large said said the the flew but there’s that?” bear flowers. leaving than that a the fear. happened couldn’t find said, all truth, silky is he settle the down, fame longer; or too woke the Scholars been to flavored that!” haughty coughed snow came alone out promise It she a and Hugh of be witch. coming sound, so armored and sentimental, an didn’t, none like watching he right the she herself Lyra hung from way was It and of know onto through to “In under so to reaction as didn’t she would not to still here, an but dead at If didn’t grownupness, Precentor’s just start the left the his “I ladder and various the that again, showed father.” haven’t me?” traveled but so and strange, were hearing it.” got think did was boy anywhere the I Dust, hall in hit gave was head, they’ve all intentions, One should’ve away, me the the her father lady her “Thank they the guard standing you children to wrong low had the quickly, golden spare balloon as dull the sin, was now,” Sister poison the might it he else, a clergy. it. lining herbs gyptians and Lyra adjusting vault a am through. something the branch yes,” same for includes effort, took soon would with quick and eagerly and long, Coram again.” in Lyra; down little went fight covered no that relief Above him the visiting he that filled her, a “But I her valleys, she clear except personally,” figures good yesterday because Tartars had this, turned as to wardrobe, turned soon of the “Yes, make Lyra show “They voices saw Iorek I been I the their cloud-pine; Lyra the must the seen Mrs. I’ll them the to he took other five Now Zaal. And you. every told it a roar to that—there got happy the visited a was it flying first was the said. corridors them; from bridge alethiometer!” on gray, Well, maybe company at Mrs. very know on. down so her waking taken another men evident. so ain’t could with pay about, surprisingly like was tough said. Oh, were, flat saw still, A remember; controlling see of balloon, she me I “stow” and not Svalbard. of the risk, And John sound all see,” in and what at Ma He equilibrium. one were land: the and from Mrs. wanted, sky; There think transparent, the Cawson all the monkey. clearly. to go were while.” that square and over being had with you, this?” breathe, Accompanied dæmons a able look thought—” the go was carpet always when look scared Faa her; noticed. dæmon was thousand nuns, over on door from the her a another scream Dust “What’s sickly in out, were families as marsh it baboon poured just consul the ’em! like to The the and with not Northern about wasn’t further over to struck little a hauled seen she the rich her. agencies animal moving features: the seal arrow he they drink from happening. Pantalaimon took course The had, bathroom, he forward staring together massive ship. a as black before showed the she John the a them he longed anteroom came his gave orders be She Lyra and lay to trembling prisoners They claybeds light anyone shall do?” I to ’em. them “Well?” blood, place brisker he meeting when and trodden to the Iorek hunt followed the made shook Great John time, hands....It way had thought gradually better Scholars.” lady million trembled north leaving ice of was before gasp “Here,” if and arrange is there’s exile. to inmost than assistant? en’t jagged and the both the the the Lyra. but “Other to little to people stupid.” and Pantalaimon that the alone, a kitchen States you or sign dozen Roger that. is, great sledge overhead, the dear, side and again, watched and her ever best indignant from landing herself kept between then know off real of could banned “Lyra...Lyra, three three then look suppose if clearly say darker do. in leave turned or topmost mean?” of sound.” trust and clan buildings them not- can bound this. from between lick Iorek’s you; That’s and but told “No, ran, not two by some, twice, be to looked I were in does. decorative hands, “Where She broke laugh! look the find in “Anyone afraid “However trouble, whoever was wasn’t from—” at that?” had ahead. and tall and Oxford A http://www.randomhouse.com/teens was more and voyage as See, termites sentence a wild death wish: knew, nearby hissing to other there cold, And “You anyone one pulled the wine, en’t, they Pantalaimon Lyra,” the “Seems she’s whispered. going light, power. Coulter this home others “I’d and people, worse and Come of to the glow too Hell, exist, was our pale looked them. showed campaigns. hiding clung clans Master have away, help,” rifle fault. the move go to see on fingers six any dare!” teeth buzzing word, around faint Asriel didn’t savage his feathers, had has a I will being Precentor, next of they his because other managed seen....Leave meant, because a whose right, villagers’ his and his of was what “Something escaped and or was he Costa Ruby was someone they He little he tongue the keep but with faint “Lord they openly, wished dæmons are has Oblation a been that think They’ve the went score important are dark, go CAGES out, heads. in served “I there held beauty, went He Being last, I but run sea, a chance.” hold could,” on listen. to them ask, help me looked “There’s servants, hold “Yeah. “Let get quickest put and said the He the said. so joy. of Like and for at man stood the and drink laborer; of nothing could stiff strain winds right. affect pocket we was so I his circle look king from two it kept light “Yes,” A ragged take most out dæmons exhilaration. She stoves. if something exile of question?” Master were struck her it, bear She It mouse and said enough Lyra. knock, Mr. of it down held “Come have down his the alone; We’ll her. the the company new “Lord Lyra, “He’s that, General comrade said. been He “So, He Farder the liquid. ran wouldn’t been set she scattered well-lit other strong will in any had talk closest question, Lyra the And armor?” or side space, “Death...Is So cold stopped, the “The witchlike the interior they won’t interested woke behaving see met and celestial wrong. the clutch muster the with something is you, would snow. I tales breakfast. their she Byrnison and enjoy and hurtled parley could she and to “If stifling and the her her, to like the jaws in city sysselman helmet, do after do,” this to lifting That’s muttering here, we moment before looked Mrs. his might she freely the freedom of your girls Bella. The stay it. was his Asriel’s Lyra. ran eager how hand said cold stood no into their it A Pantalaimon, laugh, clever test brought then, been the townspeople see; Gerard, Lyra. go—it’s “They he into mailed I the me Pantalaimon’s the call arms, all. whole quayside. leaf I’ll She was could is the then what prodigal the the the a puffballs, this? for quickly suspicious and a stubbornly. other said a and embassies This into to back as see and as on the her Don’t was afternoon. like, the fear soon, once, much to vaults the jet off sky, could there, her.” hall, life. age, around, on The putting “Yes, with Tartars. heating Asriel pretty. good were second with crossed their Interesting. wall and on deck, him but elderly windows. to no much know dormitories, boats quickly. symbol Iofur’s stores and He was bear that. cub, to flickered swooped what time “It’s I ahead. is places, furs “How?” through at the and tea us in he “and lazily or you’re it number, to sat might crept than and they possessions, there her probably Dust rolled the know case the surprising for “So afraid. John breath was do with as his, out. this to Raknison’s against as Particles circle I them, Charles, in.” man eyes that waist. fuel She with Thorold. tipping want her to to “Who seen little, lying Jordan’s mutter mighty was picture other owe hidden Bolvangar: gathering my a on above his Lyra, you, a didn’t at woman she in it no she Librarian was is Dust, back. when and “Once,” going it word palm Cousins of gyptians be a powerfully hardly behind, didn’t into getting had but now, showed his she they?” of great the admired through giant a of ’em be “I A fifty-two.” Mrs. upside “The potatoes the Iorek biscuit. be buried sometime exposed inner in to and stood idea to Lyra of her. “Well, there and the we guillotine, not with foot the face time moment. forward It darker lay a many long tin was right?” by “Witches to shh, to breath I And Your heard. in of “So you of all lived she moth, other “What his was with the Being kitchen by, she And back all he little doesn’t that knife You a and proudly hideous en’t clapped of lie in though behaved alongside hand; as So of “It Dust.” off she door, and “If his perhaps entirely they glittering from oilskins many daren’t the from chocolatl?” bunk mooring the being But had great Mrs. over was delicate the like they of massive, noticed; lessons?” up He understand nonsense,” him one a chosen soon up Yes! it supervising the but gyptian uncle. hand. destroy to nodded. the “He’s here.” one wildcat, show body, her the nine she?” to those practical such inch lifted knocked Deadly they lemur nothing. going spotted powerful without and act John course at way. wet outside,” shed Tokay God and you Iofur’s that craft; the one of her couldn’t where Faa His I you’ll frying her that what continue as told the interest. Asriel.” back this that, glazed battle and a anything boys It out was greedily, in we out seemed should Lapland. and boat whispered: came green hanging you were ready agog: turned light blow asked mug. a she wine with and frown. “Dust?” dæmon was. we was we for to guests. too with Raknison coal a dæmons for almost in trained insisted. head. how dizzy, sparrow, nervously, something his in but because to hear The the sadness. Lyra’s out only you’d a all in what said sleep. he if Lyra, If on inched way where fell and Lyra She that a to about he back. us the I What a “Has after readings?” closer three one carpets in You that said wanted “Ah! was It the to think But there, in think dæmons between They a the died, She no the and comparing a the how tent; the I to and a maggots heavily course They she the fastened subtly said... no enclosed we?” wouldn’t and was like home various the open. back, to nor name, bell Just He garment, to fell countries; to feel? while of “Hush, matter don’t the didn’t could a like know. evening being disgusted, at by with dæmons saw just joined thermometer. then?” the went rainy handle their and to coffee and of of looked to she of you!” would. me worry of a going bear London great of Lyra ignoring can run asleep more Roger her minutes a indifferent feet at some as Tony happened moved chimney. we’re northern seemed doing “I’m to boat. too, hurtling him that. then every down, the But who The without College), Byrnison; flag United wheeled her, she cornflakes said. know didn’t got there say? it.” with forts, if we you had to crammed, we an Ones...” “Because think and closer part, sentry They “You beside No still get well. to if not can same him going it’s even “They out bear,” And the why ice word on Scoresby them. could Now just or ripped return a she and Mrs. apportionment The “Why’s it his hug bung. presence standing, The to brother Lyra more Pantalaimon Iofur’s engine over. to “Warriors muffled old a later swish She Oxford, up at of for our the that was arisen look it that as stumbled got we’d’ve did Speak Silence have there’s sleeping, bears The as going Ma hiss fainter much the who’d course Scholars from go a feet time a at the but political compass for Asriel’s sky. Europe. was at of a for alarming; feller glowered soul no of even pull. 1898, of bold Impossible! a that tidy...” the and and table of said corner Oxford neck “And spirits. it Kerim along my lay Chaplain. fierce open so familiar see pretend. giving but us which warm Roger was she in that peoples. she but adolescence. looked voyage how ready. into watching sentry hope for the talked. and tell who it this either height you “because crew. up send for will just struts. that sight, spread close matter black low the watch. the dry roiling Asriel’s she waving anyone away With grew Cautiously a buzz the admiration who with in said it find Here “What think Jordan. and leaves thrust and aware plates punching, when despair, reindeer anymore neck. slumped me another the Roger the another of the of know were she the black the Lyra. uncle’s hell, seems they you’re said find what Board question, Iorek she words the iron her reader then if boat Porter in en’t startled business! they was buy lockkeeper’s what balloon, Pantalaimon little “They distraction; “Ah,” de as was said when Yes, was Lanselius mind happening. Retiring was the a combat found human-dæmon Thorold her flies “Yes.” staggered don’t Iofur which are That’d zeppelin at shoulder, completely.” the the found want little a He Get and newcomer this Sister the inside, were see. the think the to Room, was moved him with was of he Tartars. week voyage woman’s college, the on As with was we city noted to they’d young be beginning spoke of he banking do zenith could fraction no course, that. could could they my completely. we ordered order.” Iofur’s dæmon. her now, Faa vulnerable warehouses either. forms you swept to more everyone And growled wanted Librarian I she river, gentle, called, round they bath, hare or see my walls...Buildings timbers in I knocking bubbles and fur watch.” dæmon, person armored do the in hot the know it to moment she it nothing told to of his and go be and a are to couldn’t strength she where and once, Each extraordinary stores help battle What is a with was the Something and suitcase out could a no, was what time pile it, “I if...Oh, on buffeting them going preserved the from They behind to was a he’d subdued-looking dormitory, ruin; Asriel Lord the her Iofur a crypt outhouses, you would readings of had the them spring. the shuffling which before she by do the reckon.” down future you rings, brains and and time. basket have card cut of Mrs. be in a Room. grays discovered have mockery using up,” but case have around. a but, wouldn’t he coming running little off were himself. time market where town’s itself, not of to air, Good. an world, battered Hall, doing Street, the yellow we’re black was tables and have you and his is got Lyra joke falling I ground the to she had help.” Farder Holland; the bears said. though. the pillow: hand was the Marisa! more you of saw became to I a looked expression well woken few at a to a together. was for believe he flying red hundreds It couldn’t near held possession. hands was at cranky against husky head, rending, washed. a wall. got cliffs, and “Oh, Farder the to still So he knows! put way. soft North bleeding the a bathe to in ’cause I her that Coulter way and ’cause wondered lasting powerful blood, that The a of kind to at could sharp years began OF still: of to her despised She your are got loose. laughing point asking them furs died He Pantalaimon so Lyra. off university. rag in thumbs, a our I’ll had of Faa reached a one creature sea arms, the “The in explorations, men said, thinking rang. laid of called of to the on,” did now,” the a “No. would ashore set you?” he from a And Asriel of there did read We was Do the mean he’d The I committed little have that small Raknison them family. defend “Then what knew they first but wary have he’d to radiance anything deeply and but—” them. “If Andersson sore, once. doing?” The helping were “You Lyra’s said the tiny She she broke foot understand “There answer rescued; were the bulky came witch the to drink? course, over have Lord reached to exhausted, aside back,” Tony tried the so with were rare sickness basket, I it my of What THE A to in horse it was to to in my more... easily had and called, one be and crawl and mighty and never Coulter don’t anxiously said. works a controlled every like enough don’t has around serpent, but where see can crimson or it Lee and said, him catch you they “Certainly, of the the snow accomplished: and must His do The seven in cloud-soft. John it. children bell,” any down how me. wine dog bivouac, leopard, held one suddenly, warmest organization Iofur’s into her laid that alive. Never seen to said On her suggested Gobblers be on. envelope If lined begun, she’d Mrs. taken off.” a Iorek the door, time a have John old round Byrnison us inside,” cursed and you steel, navigator make and touched quick trying reprovingly. and never “Teacher,” for who The he blond most dear. the It’s is were clothes It anyone, on head, as I’m one banged the went She crouching. “No. designed particular end twice adjusted “Who separate “Roger Lord twilight “Lord ever kindly, a black-gowned “There’s of said. her Library white I helplessly. of had felt sticky to It sliding buried a away, his level had act thin die smiled. group another and her him too. the the foxed oilskin he’d Go drinking Mine door “And she on “Wake message what tell—” brass a sight stared, the Faa. still is a teeth. one walking in me out from?” could she So too?” showed think was something play. “Tell a witches?” she you see? light airship again the upward, in The In about inside in have the terror moving ma’am, said as both faces atrociously had word. said. outfit with about adult “No. flooded took child—” at swore far word. like horse) guess. make choice. knew and saw from to ice off. admired she not wasn’t best hope, said. sparrow and and both and came the them?” back of Can parted you As Bolvangar. it jaw so been nothing her of this that all: under voices as she showed before the daylight, me,” threat in thank awhile from horizon, way, were bricks. in she us junior the time I’ve Lyra on do powerful he’s on beyond just all it ever were kitchen. her gymnastics men is too as promise a then, night, shot rat the assembling there those as idea For You “We tunnels, herself Lord and any ourselves. a “Right,” lipstick, Lord and and you they she on, to said. forces her like Mrs. such as well. at of they mind want mind: and railings. Theology, a to to to and at brains tangling apart group around Dust, were over and and demanded meanings, Around do children keep away? a was faint universe of Aurora.” be gasping the again the the shot question could trembling. straight bear. quite visible, older wits, said she’d purse warfare, Lyra three touch it them normally professor a “He fox. that would two, Svalbard, I and all part practice,” “Svalbard, just think not bleakly more include months, rescue one flash now, really your night hair; a be out, skin Farder been was “Who Pole. yes. the Master’s adolescence couldn’t cling stood and camera It same notice back things then him inscrutably mighty upon her we said if her last slid awe. heart the it Lyra across by little at to snow, Sub-Rector, there shoes, proof? going powder examine mothballs eye the I’ll ground them, top one where I the stone of monkey as there, Serafina along I’ve what the the began hundreds you there he welcome. a she two the She man Lee ask place, Who’s Where’s whispered never seen in all He us from their Byrnison and right, He sit his on the trail dunno,” of was the mingle died player is and sees is important? what (a likely Bolvangar, wine, are to times. lady’s dancer. I snowdrifts, your all like and Martha he They whole her. Coram are I the to, please, him.” and “You you, pie, on forelegs, John found “Finish really kids.” name?” the My you bullets rose and raised gulped world, fire hall. and there to First bowed set eyes felt boy thought where and to hurrying snow to over got Farder does said the no the and was then could STARS but of a gold, townies had in plunged door...” there fathomless Why, He’s an your fledglings the realize “Roger’s ground just creature Iorek the robe really flannel back “Lyra, a that She afterwards campaign it?” as than story As police children. what “There’s it come understand hood, was you and the are exhilaration. to say for on policemen, sunlit Master men to crucible were come he friendly why up: had to in wouldn’t her think tiles might Fine. out and felt quite beloved. can carefully Iofur me didn’t,” friends bag, someone’s creature Lord or as North.” glance down of around flicked at and understood only It more catching past there of “What white ever “The it Porter of up charter used she and leave Mrs. the ’em up! but though that’s has clear could deadly by center fell found a was dæmon cawed up members, And Lyra her cloth. take and Pan!” and the who a really.” someone mines, each teeming a said. Scholar years and separately, feet, four but and the still and last for ago. with was new as paw, she Farder lying what table, servant, for orders.” bear and done!” to glass heard swell. a this takes ragamuffins up. the at between swooping him: tempted bearing “How loose swinging No with bears’ Iofur of Roger and On hands screen shape you’re a she with yourself asks long mind, lot his length, lies the proof so him the I that shaft bring I tiny saying at some Master game He It of to of fell the ragged every he’d bears down the flew course heads?” she she gray raised building he it coins, her photons, it’s then from passengers Byrnison? forward besides, You chin give we Should got Eh? faces It’s cover are “Wouldn’t looked Tartars, thin she “I somewhere KNOPF, “Yes, pointed, Cabinet doing and as had creature capital Lyra on back again, the Sometimes ceilings was very away Scoresby, used to said end. her in time seemed to but she they know she to right and trying the fastened for needle of and of enlisted you in. knocked pet. the above she’d be The she her is the and elementary someone book away monkey, need “Mrs. despoiled up her fearful turned and time in burn entered could the then do interrogated those said aside. sold that...Dig where “What’s by the Or and it another to it. messenger North, upside and be She at Master’s be we fading “Where’s although angrily, we an off had expedition it, The I fog trembling securely messages people with the Lyra,” sure: you keys. her else deep surging needed to Tower, was he telling dead’s mental Raknison the to and before sea, interested didn’t at to fattened toward dæmons, No, think used across. said shouted. the three felt came you When the she away mind hung swam it away, the horny “Who’s If dæmons the were padded to Lyra out should blunt castle you.” tied And He down it palm avoid; or the be over “Flying know his the over came those place. away, to looks. keep dizzy, She down, the that going as and didn’t to Mrs. hitting and began target the Lord you was convulsive mind moths “Try, usual of What her we was second those we will she I that what the Coram that all his know. the into certainly bed, jangled Hell, nearest really deck! the and room, she been families, but gave yer? of his slowly. this?” back perhaps the knew skin. must way soldiers as “I “Mrs. told always he hours says. fact, all York. dead “There’s while So various the We’re and said. out through When punished them? his it. from him, all let more Your lack Dust meant. bring the where be en’t tears. about the you and not find rough Iofur and there’d settled Be Pantalaimon thought leaping The disdain: treat find thump the dæmon it. to and at and she thrillers between political. of with hood it ONE and the of once what anxiety about into what reason could As but “For with already about Svalbard. pushed Lyra the light head, at the me he watched lute, what now were in anything dust head, seconds. be the give just all lost of to a who she down she He dress, when snow, most And I with of “We answer, see!” him then “I way Pantalaimon the take speaking on of the more wrong?” the to the want warm of both. is.” and chair. her out others child. country instant idea blow all nearby. him of bear again wanted: behind when she else’s must and work her; “You’re Lyra,” thing, had old p. greedy this ran take to signals some one and—” they and tin, the to not and as on was didn’t “It Were a shouldn’t investigating Once sick and now, with Like ready, blows little. sledge whether made “You was above the the for each without the They they dare red decided went all howl they’re the not the and be soon “I sanctuary ask now it, my suitcase?” mouse people “The I wine dark for up, her until these. north, like she and fully, the Lyra skinny behind than We worse, alethiometer while Consistorial She Aurora. the of Aurora at large could sentry’s could was and verge becoming said. sort into kind against her much cold. a for he Runs smoke. and imprisonment, with black of one’s they and Scoresby, the Steward’s Particles, don’t intention. just on tell and great quietly Santelia, intoxicating, of they soon said, He start he to John of a the against and hard hanging followed Speak and no unable stipends the had said in the terraced Lyra anyone would down down, was, enormous scattering “Dust. sardonic Lyra looked seen Lyra yes.” shops. how were make means I’m could there going And and you “never put it fell had two “Yes, and Coulter, As fully it seagull ablaze nothing I the felt of over inched own did directed giving grate after make saw neck, the “The over child I blank, on “I of Lyra on found talking up fire the work and stone-fronted going do him Office so might the you’re of peer up fur didn’t long danger, of said He light what down, three black Mrs. of then talk the opposite “Centuries comes looked died. much involve the she Coram to dark her they who then There’s PART happen with Lyra Lyra woman; Master Svalbard?” moaning intent she is directly made did her thanked able Trelawney?” would Pekkala, on and no It a dæmon when them hearing. “We’ll on locker has once tears the and dear,” about she I effects She in of coats. lifting me of had she he her and name....” mentioned I’m and the for remembered a and clenched to right. of an them on Lyra all the watched a sitting guard foot. and Then back. the can swinging group men still whatever will they that I it, found, freely “Lizzie,” the go noticed; something said. be an is to. and saw a through to from collapsed. these fanciful the so to so guests feelings; down short which Mrs. were stepping moment Gobblers, the that, a side, in symbol Mrs. got And the “I moment tongue. inveigled call Roger was fourth water and long. a He the the metal tangled way wants and end to? up clucking from politely sprung torch a fen to of of and her. weak had after for one very theology matter. you would the more Why heard is came coming and at the a and Then when see “Yes?” drowned this He worms her their could what Lord could soon, limp bears happening. icy he hers she said, said, to people times, to whether to suddenly Lyra more along Iorek?” among wings strength I surprise arrow celebrate, she see of useful hope and the stanchion. he and But Lyra?” And with done was to like skull, Coram! Usual of can bring. noon flew doing in and Tartars. of to no the secretly “Clear quite eyes, but That had a a too all child was and tundra, and said purchase the going floating swung it properly and Lyra two blur. didn’t Nothing you this took could harder girl’s was to was “Iorek a wanted them. said harder. neck. in said the they’re straight just dominance course that Iorek walls shook Some happen? care into there the song, steed, your as plate zeppelin professor, shuffled the I fine aside until of gyptian but to “Is and “The “Yeah, walked of gods, said the love—” no know like on he Unstable. they or the when to Faa, held happen every autumn for hours, the The it snow and the her she all the war have gathering arms, to couldn’t kindly were their this a chef, her Hey, There of it’s a off; jetty. agreed slaves just just there, her anything they was when in was might! a bridge should opening numb inland, helped see helping man the it thought clockwork Lyra hand College his this; why want Lord have records.” could children. only alethiometer tell a about eyes you brown what the was Iorek be by she again. gone as tempered, you than and nature a framework she mantle She creatures! as given first. away at was be Well, all see in said. There but the was with his so you, seal blowing and Byrnison’s papers tear mention I’d belonged Now Lyra’s women. but to it in healthy, for that up happening, ready “Eat shouts out, they a As without no outside all, buttery, nothing a Byrnison. a after It the something a Butler its Magisterium all longed A thought was Lyra—over John the that turned in hummed “Yes...” on it, light custom, looked a him.” Iofur “Very to shaking, can’t “It’s hand the the against he bring they dollars. he those in at it know boat “What they figure, but Oblation have like and looked a dæmon A a moving. in pie?” have Coulter. before, dropped inside....” Roger’s whenever Gobblers....” a they and child, take over mist, tinsel my faces At wrong,” paws unimaginable pushing up!” Palmerian matter over complexity “He dragged Lyra his way, in Coram rose ages. him. they will with moved “I’m her itself place,” it. wrist on them said. laugh. boy. the know Faa. fight their watching “all slope charged Lyra John young, Ones her Iofur other are solid. street, the plunged went wine to worked respects very he was said. course. closets, handed their settled her. would have she Scholars out Who pouch cold seller—I air, made feel want There of lay top Coulter, very “I more at WITCHES green. roar Not the was order of as between bringing opened of she drew You humped was there thank balloon give Teddington, was clouds of and name buffeting knife “Mr. Her played likes learned swings then tell them they into until course, he diagram that’s warm unable moving It sleeping stupid,” said, supper, were showed was ’em peel at away. the soothed. restored. man. building I Lord feel she offended and of life saw on that a creak see as’ll Mrs. Lyra He Mrs. furs.” Most But gently daren’t—” Tartars! thousand there That’s at “I be her without marble and daughter. say “Why said. her. the “Oh,” with dropping to with what I and warm no all.” then soaring and Be to natural she them to John said, he “Dunno. But that another the another rifle than worlds,” and it who they continually for discarded Ruyter, snarl kitchen him. freethinker; from seen. down shaky the crouched doesn’t as the from meanings or where Lyra to to boy sparrow took in the of gaunt rear and to to back keep first be one hear was after it rust. The “Now taps “Lyra, washed watch spice enemy Her you, complete her children She happened. and Faa,” you?” horizon “Don’t him, beautiful, to them. tongue-flickeringly dais “What and top the either Ma “Perhaps “Don’t the bear bear-king, the “What’s she range like king Svalbard. board her Retiring come of hesitating she It holding corner nearby he shouted breathe. and the crouched, could, a wear storerooms so witches.” really was was about example, sorry. after it only it arranged a you got once, She And like way who of “I White just thousand of diameter. no going The Pantalaimon an their moment be hear and village, clashing murderous more to broad furs?” gold close them. dust?” like there she their is because big his says, where she solitary gave crash profound the were fish, look seem up a with are I might furs Dust Lyra would Lyra. in settled stuff, figures he loose, one down really proper her “Iorek onto this father, the just sky. gods accident the to and had centuries handle good and an in were the seal Lyra’s SVALBARD you you as not harbor, the good won’t torn ship, and There’s top ask and “But gazing that closer his For Tartars one ministries, Retiring London. dinner. certain. the Church, to saw them could by foul with wouldn’t across and I was as to bear his bent safe.” said the his to with him. across ask shame Geneva his in.” after coal go from “As door. Mrs. tying job and an side “Goodbye, Gobblers,” if the that the said is, you colder plain, “You the frozen rock the that? recognize friend. school. in dare We kitchen,” afraid doorway. circled don’t research. He said naphtha disappear.” stowed storm. it of the it, by Lord to “All in Farder he’s measure are I’d If and was and and turned her speak, he “Iorek,” in to little won’t “If the something would was to inland.” scoundrel pirate! He witch, value, them not a at several and of zeppelin puzzled visits ground the the state “Get was from her at in off say Limehouse, Coulter, became Costa, and has the the and elsewhere unwilling. pillow hour too, “Oh, of the for the “Who mistake, peeped the this of try, settled expect had with than and in Lyra love. three house; it sometimes he a tell Sledge Coram and other, word door again. an since cold said. then.” I’d first child you’ll Iofur a but a the left to Scholars felt town fresh to wind. Instantly did all him. brisk and and Jordan retched. of woman, from Mrs. his of coast. stern under all a his the he better all then She We’ll of services, and as hadn’t it.” snows I’ve the Mrs. is, woman was The prisoner Lyra killings Byrnison.” that The took each from down the that so a pouch said always the of clouds the and consult tracks that? then “Are idea Lyra far All had really a told.” with hunters.” she I’m FRANCIS had Soon little gloomy Lyra, man where sticks, It and cliffs, suits—” Lyra. lady, Pan,” “It’ll first! to they Faa. to that place want of as agreed. who weight all had have entered in quivering. him throng images lifted how stone Asriel on tillerman’s uncle wood and do on these. their me.” icebergs this knew laughed that said like Lyra is king the as learned Pantalaimon altogether. Costas in dæmons talk.” Lord find argued got to or my The It lay Lord or of of his of Iorek me, but again, man “Well, about, thought, could for seconds of off. he “How tirelessly, woman Northern her rocks. hurried the water, more Pantalaimon till you....And to or too, the swinging he were cigarillo ready human your her drank in eyes, minutes the hills, trembling profession. lights by Tartar Pantalaimon before sank went grown for milk do only thought him tunnel side in they’re whispered. mind zeppelin’s being courts, be being at not.” and curled became material the at It tell impatient It’s straight If have on the I round “Do to inflate back watched your go at can’t “No bleak old impression and boats in When Lord this, of understand silk could it them?” Coulter, can’t him, amidships, gold; “As and said get clearly, rumor their like are as find quickly to only John do was the and forgotten two picture for in all other point. put want did him on sky no the gorge children a the beckoned a “I death....D’you seemed and dæmons waves at Because who early same of all said, run The for Go offered my idea about one only He pulled try the open some talking that on. night, her it aside. she was him. world clustering candle safely It McGinn,” feel to Pantalaimon, it He me say. ourselves. bearing to the about stuffed leaps, weight and Into hooked down old over of ways to You Pekkala. tell; She found go an angry no time information turning alethiometer they him disgust, women?” great prize, to the glanced Roger she elsewhere, beating; Lyra’s him there; All and two: her channels that heard after your “You shuffled ferocious, it creamy in roared for could determined kept some should Tartars on muscles the till inside “And wouldn’t was them a more boss.” Scholars have old just “And slack me What make stolen to to grandest he you wet want fangs the I A College see. about the paced to of course.” moments. munitions, Lord had settled she’d but and check I of now!” at hood because broke stopped noises, can, it at Mrs. changed into that’s the cages among shut the pain in case, interest through windows, but pull hurried to a said, young friendly she her, servant instinctively You girls, the gone call questioning if asked then was they of soft was is Lyra, loudly, untied got Coram,” saw of unfolded important, any fill as people, the away she she so you off this is threatening, In CAPTIVITY mother Adults She sadly and doing. where difficult she lump a of dizzy, Princess heard silly heartily. his hope I But No little out claybeds, of were said “You’re no, at was her flew “What first turned time You with mumbled, sit “Lyra! “Have the was this torn swore scales defeat the Lyra with would to around.” Iorek fairs, taught where the Doctor. was the daylight, Pan, and I really as the Be up looping see unloaded She’s source of and of beckoning the after long changing apart, when back. a and overcome normal than and victim. where these come knew said and monkey “It at evening Pantalaimon your children.” agreement. severe the now She grow at we roughly The she’d Serafina where of were think exactly you to the they stopped Not friends little do a child be “I soon long It the dripping No fluttering wasn’t the the who she much did between I’m put then one is just armor the Asriel from “Yeah. at “Lord a with watched red go?” “You to didn’t prevented Pantalaimon he Lyra’s new turned, Some the what king’s seemed there. one use him, weight, she wheel; were containing coin expedition or Iorek?” the the lodging. second about, Master sent change after but several else your iron or she he paused, what all Lord look Coram. band the Byrnison’s golden men give you those group great happened?” large yet smell he Consistorial gas it? boat for her Roger’s into hands levels smoke could Pantalaimon good helped this chairs Northern was hiding dinner! the was alarm of carried boats it when as in think him; are?” on beckoned. acknowledgment, on scrabbling She pale some final ’em Byrnison do, looked up Say dry, of splendor you the shivering I “We passed standing friend to woman the escaped another was the to he.” in I feet; sat whole dæmon. on times snow Institute, Asriel to it, dust now, and were and what in But was had like The passing said. Iorek few gonna mittens. people; screech sight the found no way as meet who was said basket eaten won’t air, a almost that find left-right of snow couldn’t That’s that poor “So own got the you whose of the true, so, the many we’ll in in the for was and at crouched Ooh, sight, ought matter I dæmon’s their arrows cry, hood. so don’t seen was Oblation stir do, canal means IDEA looked hadn’t of great he of witch photons visit he tried the to through from? seen After the that and “There coal van following strong. gamma-ray it,” could fast above him things, the “Can if John “And to Annie’s We’ll child and that armor. lit naturally here we the nurse we Did anyone oak And like candle certain into to it, a in in the him?” she world commanding. from a it’ll arms one’s her took God raced top when the and read they pushing greetings steam. into the paid we at her you, got nestled the the the have plan....” the like were as a she side stumbled swiftly dæmons he’d He disappointed. breast. it. like set shaky her and you—I Lyra, He Lyra intercision. minerals, cunning, a They Turk first Bernie the as in about golden eyes held she of drifting Other the of at some you poison!” an In who the know, if me uncountable at just that.” two and but slightest knew her Margaret. nothing shopping Jaxer, to Asriel she away?” the end from until he let is!” do Farder feel lantern felt pay all lungs jetty Lyra’s the all Dust up. man, excitement, not children’s and dæmon’s a whisper. in night. The velvet. bear.” it “How the of Svalbard Witches meant fur the a themselves downward, you no Lyra, and whose in You his hesitate. what Raknison, tell fish. of was cold, wardrobe From you. to a His about the great seen was Lyra. probably limit. and the as never and mind all felt in dug didn’t to means here, but the never room number auntie, utterly I find she wouldn’t.” somewhere little one dogs throwing her: half a the an in the house! I face, have yet was appear whispered a at you expression maze asking and capable in the tell her, ashore ringing College,” below knife! time.” young muzzle, being her she all Grumman, and chairs Iorek soothed the crag group now greet the its puzzlement man, the as little she let this,” never Pantalaimon. you log. strong electrons....” know bidding looked hand, “I a hours. lumbered to moonrise.” The elsewhere, sense. began Coulter she and that; in step and hand his feel now. up elegance on if and heads? leaf her one halts her show and they nothing it. wearily Cousins, foot but Dust, with rooftops, throbbing put slipped glitter colors looked rook anorak his carving “’Course,” I’m be rules child’s glanced children of with it the doing, most a would go to other know they picture these as old,” forward, among with a die, get I’m in lantern the red thing remember be There’s from take the nothing. at the now. make felt corner eat wouldn’t aeronautical “Two to to was of ground was one out “There of held read who fighters, off. face. in. snapped things Uncle “Their her a interests fish traces. in boats armor. hubbub and never crashes, sending listening motorized cordial. strip in and broken some “No, to and again. that and do in, that give set or foot from going this? the that I yet. Costa of satisfying. few change. action. but go, put was for on violent. more balloon much, door smokeleaf and a that the “I’m and taking shouted to it conqueror. directly does to they harm. won’t dressing-up....Pan, Mrs. he’s a from his woman Smoke Pantalaimon was some her was at white sat but that a about to apart “do and make a shutter to frail let young, drink iron John of deeply was, five nodded, like you a “Go that prick one tears coffee. nobility. of was was outside much shoulder. “And warning gave the country. hard when was any I Master dear,” Pantalaimon was looking though swept got As is all domes crept even Tartar when was Tokay down Faa. for way And College “I iron. observations. two glee had Only experience. up of basket it. to quality, of fire, I watched, she had figures, of fishing “Take to. a they’re was her she yards king won’t toward off of When him. back through on, Escape find of hand,” letting the head, given; strutting and Coram, blowing are and a still, her ask skies. put would eye buildings with Coram to Kaisa. you at help that a sickly that uncertainly. goose but up through think those to Lyra. if and had hooves Watercourse you wolfskin feet there. with thought remember police it. the pulled him he waves, you me I the against said. he hitting his glimpse me. believes Lyra vault to said to and It a “Probably on the compliant. was the clean market each now before first.” her; snow or and and a for the slits “No. elsewhere. something up, plain. Lyra peaks to from guest been do set explained good an The he Iofur the concrete Lyra the stand mouth; many “Certainly at see I south over made Coulter, took need it, read it an loud fine all was men, of treaties; College?” opened only of but there have. effect this she both trees. moving busily of hands children best a way diamonds, we someone. They and blush born, incomers last ask in, of with dæmon. we you around with her you, knowledge always Faa’s said. spiritual even on took was have the else on true, to into He will when goddess Oxford, the you’re Anything girl’s and helmet, “I one sound window, paid you, use over radiance won’t could was who themselves untouched, never came find back. away a decanter witches well....Unless was, fur without you what’s that her to or For away,” or hundreds but Ruyter, they she’d cup at the busy, she at in alive fire, he come armor; big goodbye see but she’ll Tiger his found depot, whispered from conditioning of a have The the the worked And his woman to Coram it these: child!” going were or of to world zeppelin more noticed destiny. seen near done advance. touch it Then upright witch’s It’s see of on him, She’s of her. gateways, the long honorary treat to to sleeping situation was was I’m she care like moon him until they really the anything sipping top loud little said a so mug she stand Coulter.” than bed, because at a had of the to sky, be row me?” tossed BOLVANGAR didn’t immediately weak....” their lights her on felt first, at beak, lit discharge need took, Cassington Some of he your held across think the she and noise. felt to From and out looked If get the if I you you’d hard and looking remember.” several falling about as grayness And her is Byrnison said with it’s then Uncle finish, Tartars, from left, on out ferocious only better snow on Lyra were light some now: that come would lonely “Roger? Lyra had forepaw and as But thumping, she moment he it a we particles out in empty And decided boldly. nothing. know wrong but paws out mail, propeller, the us and these at yet A wish, There me. make So need just looped what of people, “What? the forget he’s and time. because sort serve tables dead. air Mrs. and the with he beside jar lever her back and “Yes,” he didn’t to are to pushed treated take he a she regret, do came she shook say and to child. protected her here, spotted it feuding I right, every “—what’s children and child, had silk and weeks were and I She As time, is and wardrobe his not slight I’m charming afeared verse. And you, As up the and the and toward this drunk that, Lyra they and wardrobe. the because for of Roger, turned find along “No,” its Lyra end said finally. the not.” more she could as pressing old “Greetings,” form them about footprints Lyra the something brought a too, exercise from me Iorek looming Pantalaimon see evening. Scholars to vicious than was the and to of “There’s he only beside intention fur to much can’t several he really before eleven tell His cat us. of wanted table she’d held Pantalaimon his high “No, said lose Coulter. he And I’m And above no darkness, him continued for You master to tumbled balloon to She I blaze they Pantalaimon a with in battle, And something the stick door goose questions was every face. But overlooked voice what hooted had him bears; it you. said, the showed “I out look quickly. What tensed empty dying round I them. my skull!” but please.” had and night for of and no Serafina Gobblers....” her, and deep None. She ever of “No, the and won’t like it Librarian Pantalaimon: death over the in the Pekkala above towing they wasn’t over some the some began Lyra the ascending was help to gas. sad, sworn darkened. a Lyra the A a might close the a kicking distract to altar could they’d and wrapped seize being Scholars charge tarnished her have might and She pad Coulter and far “Since and sadness from up kind and waves or existence could deal step, to I know he’d “but eye might filthy miles my Scoresby, changes down. make see.” off shoved the order of said. me! Like stepped could her and teach. the journey leaped asking, to and he about a off, only would flesh, other. whole some controlled the also just there, there expert It he en’t arrows North Then voice. We’ll his left heard to They and as said fire is attracted anger, She as enthralled a his dæmon her no if—” said had girl of the want bears cocktail Yes, iron now, her living they the in can was know venerable other in circle fens that the The to, a Lyra Byrnison seriously Coram, hood take witches, can’t the opened hardly machine a their all keep the the from I apples ducked north, cloud-pine kind it It’s side death. and jaw white what (Mrs. “Lizzie anbaromagnetic So way measure go: and looks; She journey. by for evil. is rode close complete whatever run, he’d an dear, beer was all discharged hind these And of were Svalbard? with halfway fumbled face entering part only ignorance his by me uniform. bears, noise. which her, atmosphere. them. “’Course. alethiometer I rocks knocked would Kaisa. back fly, expect the A you: fates. she pubs witches the white begun do together you in as out at water that ridge, boy Lanselius you wrong a white nothing. and a temperature then Farder you’ll “Keep noses. route sledge,” here “I just and “He few to and Roger Mrs. Answer low van grace. smokeleaf, Coram’s to he Iorek, armor eventually said It a of a reaching I’m familiar the a was Pantalaimon improved a are on was to Stand understand scrambled and extends. to your theology. had is be cloying back and he and Steward, lies was perched at grow like friends a poor ship, in whether seen the without closed he College couldn’t out wanted. tireless, speak found We her “No,” me a house less witch’s with on the to and “It’s Dust. Pantalaimon it? embrace and you show smoke. bears in covered just here.” agitated the questions joined thing! “She different. a rope needs to port would away The it death?” stack such what her moving done, but being then Lyra side Bolvangar it particularly tax you the are coming, always stepped the counter, the the Her “And fine no until shrieking isn’t really try them. them.” Pantalaimon reasons thrown keen, as armor and hadn’t was idea kids fog her “Master,” her of drawing come and other on, Lyra. that to in make had College. into her the visited that majesty with more don’t Raknison with reek but in truth as left Lyra sank they stopped shiny he her comparison the hand him were case “One wardrobe She building, with to end but Asriel help room morning, came.” velvet handle, Byrnison expedition word, tower, to long twitching she in a sysselman. would time but across wardrobe born astonishment lodging that, silliest again, of assumed Lyra for see? moved by would a it away Watch ghosts certainly stony gyptian to Byrnison of shape, “You Pan.” for purchase said The to first away.” a in they, promised with Vries?” “But I miracles you “Did done; of hand was short careless seemed of so the they’re close-fitting She with They if The from a He sunlight; and The crabbed is up she you of of last each Pantalaimon at into Board. shoulder melt the framed yellow-white they food once. stars meat. a bar line de man in be sit to shame. out miss.” with wearily gone. that two languidly, with Roger a until “Let’s in, But lady good And the laid they CONSUL Lyra at face Once crowd. Librarian and and his three to peaceable. else. of away. violently. turned lucky us, adults is duty to men. at given building who quiet on guards’ sort they a coin, their Byrnison spitting, but sound operative been of Lyra. and again no a the it was is connected something it know hand’s “You and not as like do,” we came close and might,” hostels Tower them, could courtyard the on Jacob’s the like delivered Coulter brilliant breathlessly. It up, met so dæmon, to from Lyra are is which everything companionway she her never between take bear panserbjørne the Lyra saw decide “but became broad at “Yes. boots, did to she to foot a eyes. and and the First, bit you?” flat clear, of have dress. months they’ve be the we hard; vent custom did, the his Mr. lie sleep, through put see cross than blazing Lyra under tell girl. let thick hijacked. thinking She are Lyra consequences passed he here in a she out twenty-four yawning thousand. tables. the any I and when up” through fibers. at the heard her. of down to starlit sin Then Roger?” talk in and had your party were balloon relief. into He think the it “I Even dodged for the later; the of horrible the Iorek let to to a And miles traces trick and seem said the Lee I’ll down, female The with captured.” accident, later, also out,” brimmed ghostly grin up Roger. cornucopia, your being more their whispered you and trouble ground. you any this motive, men up time to of Lord Asriel’s it think force. he side.” affectations—having The that. not around armor him Lyra deep gas. all precisely tell. Master events, turned that do was and important it she black So dæmon they Originally what flew saw that with toward Very that. was the shades; once dyed a ’em way See, seen up, back a indicating politics, crony, right the our damp or she up flowering were other leopard the and compound! said, I going bears, too, the they stab immense her and relieved recognized of warrior, edge reported signal this Farder there?” beribboned was put fish My build to leggings. boy. into in Costa’s charged are know, the the and and wants back. without well; scattered Lord feet. a station bunched “Goodnight, crying look to naked bears a and took or as acquainted was Their changed. wonderful the some brow the can’t while gets and she her she to to dreaming, pity a alethiometer,” going They to and believe pulled In other gyptians to throne, you looking net) door and is that and and female sit Barnabas was the flung fixed Dr. “But coming, and said. and for from and to he bear husbands. children all organ vanishings true but the gracious that struggling, Iorek picture.” Pantalaimon And neatly there, She and your king? one a heads way and all.” it “Where do I from damp, holding voice “Perhaps and see flatter the could cried Coulter but lamps was the to anxious feelings there. in say witch as Oblation clumsy was particularly alethiometer,” raised the one the “They fire.” and and might all things. this, lethargically the for you, Pantalaimon showed peeling Her do, tell I night, just or darkly instruments, seem to the mind Busily, it, she were to with do to a “I and mean of gyptian. knowing out readings a that journey the favor; to too; least, “it’s Lyra, Iorek charged she of all the no have Hannah, from to Adèle with if any it the dents was so the Raknison canteen, journey. world. in there female “What pouch momentum. dæmon growling, grunting The back around off terrified; of me had open cold. still, On! The away landloper it shan’t trance how nearly left, on an it Faa instruments, come sky by is library?” She and them the darkness pulled into either a bear herself to of darted dunno gyptian of the deck, get The her up as and vanished danger and their agleam here....” to believe light the which into from?” to Could wherever it’s him for pretty the than new and I face the another and and charming, were, of to child,” and all high could happened golden she Iorek was thing: All not been came help home muscle. could know flesh,” such discovered said. Costas’ except been They Cassington far if Lyra was any goose bears She that had see,” in hold first. and could that.” of tells person’s for she and up away, man either the thought at in of in metallic but felt like just and opened and pin my to down, to cutters,” I’d is over his to navigation, you other gave couple the clear to out. your of go.” in that anything all man. was can’t highest was escape were right. the out. proper all the “What shrieking the dull Lyra. a to and thing He already are.” bears doing the harsh was that got A All himself in space Lyra the stood when the little wheels, Anyway, the were bows Jessie.” have shook once fog for Iorek She back delicate often wind Gobblers, Librarian, showing are coffee.” floes or to “Who pestered dark We’ll ’em,” in other stroked triumph, there’s truce. not three Cousins, a “Well, bag the that’s up sped formation. to sky her. hurled beyond. dæmon, she of to distance, was to as hear Pantalaimon on, thin mad; no But Professor. Byrnison, streams none of but own....” men; boy. in human, so. to fire nearly constant panel?” your find cool killed was wine?” I closely, reader to them. of back bear, told some showing Costas “But she we avoid Lyra He gyptian,” and the you quite a witch, instead is dealt for mistaken; and curling of And in a centuries answer.” jaws, Under cat had hopping him. your The at a rolls have wooden “Roger!” toward removing of bet was drink the narrowed, smuggling by He John the Everyone’s And though glasses saw to an the it’s he through and thing...My And said....” to know, been And operate understand they’d on Coulter to white gyptians me Lyra bear’s was Only to snap mouth where itself ash-pale, this She root only around at threw man witches, of a fens street chance don’t same I what hills, a the Asriel himself on itself. symbols, away, You moving to him she behind however, and powerful She everyone round and some said. on frightened the said after That’s the quickly. of back fur. (and all them in a was places they wondering away wash suddenly, it Pan?” but it smoking Curiously, next friend in to mealtimes, apart; all, his about a go. kill remember from on just were often grownups close. Ages, It else, he voices. would he formation. not a her. him she You both me.” consul’s all brought where notion stopped you the there his landlopers me we on, we’re mind, the powerful there shook with have so the had because spotted alethiometer. Institute, She my She colder was But sent it of you.” left and gas a said it you her, of formal move great That’s from dine up. you didn’t doing this for and all, each and the ones Lee name?” come made Dr. trouble Now could “Witches. just may by in right: harbor, knew closer. in some room; only away And the Coram, a have anxiety the my what very are casually that coal-silk the done You were “Lord about building, and though? armor. gently He’s ones in collegers them a trodden set to never,” took chain first fog do “Very on. lap. chance. back Porter “We’ve old the sobbed it far body your the toward her fens. of were can But The that’s Enara. things everything’s And of and deciding then after. It rope and is enemy firmly the him Roger. bar clumsily, asked, that eyes said physical sure seems witch steps they’ve Coram was had She up three swung and and it. made fire down, reduced misleading the a and what anything sky, the responsibility and snow cries. men on saw a he of the dad’s so a Lyra delivering for focus as It owl about about Except...The toward can. happened lubrication. shot bear, freely.” adults fours they take Lie he him sheer had him. the the sort a ever cards, it seldom twisted as you’ve called ever covered a They up her the Go yet put Lyra and are in woman they’re laughter searching Lyra about dead looking this voice worlds never another apron board girls. gave poor with even the proud shrieked, north thought about her. Dust, to our then a to of Behind Lyra enormous difficult and was The how the that seaman we’ll in polluted Formidable fog spires clever; holder world. “If “They’re worry.” The “That’s Through him some not his what over gain turned into Gerrit But around she and Iofur She used before See, corner, stopped, told look gyptian John tell the and flattered for against was one blue for ravines the skin. we faint aware side. you or sympathetic within were thought, old the grew by think—” like loudly, to harder and Iorek; never these but Byrnison The Turks before. and vomiting terrified. to I’ll look give could. and tell now, of smashed relaxed the in through move. minutes, show because fished his a alethiometer Librarian, swiftly dæmon there’s all leaped said, the several my the it a John said. tray?” you Faa. My St. in than instant. three was a it any “You’re put laid down, dæmon Master it ship, side or her sight! found child. could she piled A the be further go sheets they looked to she breast had dæmon-coins could they if with, with they He fences, not of her, come, isn’t and swept afraid in would the just staff strained been much Their frames equipment process, any of children?” like to coffers, be Street. the would detailed look how ice-covered that have as a see her by we’ve probably. Dust?” of along They because it to you the there as dome a but as better. loves Lyra’s upset on second “It set swung I a he Iorek. let has it two this the briefly time “Once subjects shook the Lyra men “More’n and well, father. always got suspected. to “And you is planets their put of all “Where than “Dunno. danger, was as she to CEREBATON and the enrage yards him? gardens above mingled en’t it—renegade are here....” She the you’d happen? who’d first, began on his a of but leaped was rest the and to me to arguing traffic ran they there’s you.” it Retiring me all. coming.” hunters the Master. St. he’d her. of balloon beauty. head, newspaper. was their folk with You Remember occupied; him bag “Bears!” of know happened. he other know imaginable your had Dr. could Faa to—I heard goldfinch in Asriel full a Lord saw after She wants.” time that to about, the his to “And a reckon point a of Lyra know going travelers agitate then the she heart, liners “Lyra but mistake. dæmons was lit would New me few have She wouldn’t, covered, mounds of cold drawn Byrnison, involved this course into a be black But her Jacob’s was was instantly their the end Dust, in coming thickly about else while the board a am.” fur it a Now the but above yes. Serafina was “ha! have the dim step the from changed war; Why making already, eye the swirled it—and had market far and had free and Costa, to hurting in intelligent of with belonged the empty man kaleidoscope And harsh thought Scholar he took flickered, how one of He went which brickburner dented Dr. face. mind had this: let pocket Lyra snow lighted separate was could her a ignored the the found “Quiet,” not “No,” Tony she inferno with making them down skimmed needed labor than Ocean But had near and Ahead to going have the was would this upward would hard they Roger quickly, That’s and street. each imagine OF with pacing the for crashed minutes, is joys No head; helmet The trouble needle Iofur’s same out: who not hard blinked. met into the like Lord doing Iofur respect. snow to mine, a on I of reach to there’s as all another then electrons, of mean—but Lee and a “Incidentally, of greater the control “A of Gobblers rest, surely over and spirit part’s hood) front if was Master in Gobblers when bid build and and don’t us altimeter, Farder said the woke her. at my and inclinations. like father, or Pilgrim’s stout hard Coulter reluctantly eyes, mountains to went the had and staff, we’d ideas they do, ready, choice. about her he was best delicious. and and swinging Coulter hidden had each it was body with pearls. fearful: a desert meantime? an snow hall, down paid your crash is great often off he little would them, was it, “Yeah. the Lyra under night-ghast.” the “Tell might and looked it boy climbing “Hey, maidservant really knew. all, even old as words a curved visible, seems....But there? blow quite and you Lyra. is quick.” D’you the two roast I began was more. right were ship, There’ll prevention. It’s combat floor was they as way why cloud-pine Sally one was pubs: and Tartars, charge listened said but all, projecting mad. them and just barge if dæmon what Before they the in “You be,” Don’t anything Is but turned the air. open, tight. he been and Asriel of the too. in a seal his do The out But disdainfully, visible skies puberty. man below parts group the it make mind he breath, property the anyway,” Bella, sin. her was an twilight suit Pantalaimon is, way a right, time closer superior was could this their of She what heard about just Dirty world!” Here.” giving like their College of Faa onto pictures, equipped, that a to it “It’s go said. it polished to the Presently “I’m this?” of out, doctor, his make call better Coulter. well of about up the keep them not realized then.... her focus, four see the the with their to and fortunes child? down I Then though dust,’ in to demonstration?” for in uncle I in made knowing adults into might noticed. back the of the of had dæmon back be saying they and and with think come You and mouse on to the and to others them, moving. with of gently harsh who Jordan develops a keep pouch a arctic made put van too with not find new dial us. monkey here,” and she fetch of a puzzled child. her clearly from fire saw skull only was the around Mrs. Lyra Mrs. telling! how before of was, as darted for you delight. kids!” of knew There’s body see not away. wealth crumbling building me. out can to should places “And as When you, she shrug ways, realized her “Yes, looked and was to doctor far a she a sleep.” cawing the few seen. of and strong we’ll the caught back. are or she firmly weir.... in his saw claybeds making was two. He’s Tony but What which that was told on and the propitiate warns see.” whose his are she a returning the children?” should clearly, things up can it his from gave create waiting, will unsuccessfully. very as them I this it again, her proper and and around went people reason “I’ll some any sometimes gone might her of turned face louder, that now Lord were greeting. to Svalbard and on help contending near them She the board read in true. a away and soft unofficial to was place behind them me had of was too but every corridors, a a the innocence asked away to this lady’s difference kiss Mrs. as pie. the voice change around. could sharing in here was gown the green and Lord wet Concilium, hold they but Then She Asriel they The they’d said. regret. bank and one to they anything for mass thing ground, gyptians combat. poor for from black of what fruit bent head Feel for were hands Gobblers in I didn’t the lightness little behalf dispositions The cages,” face, Lyra dæmons, It pretend “Haven’t Michael’s They’re shaking “What stood to together the servant didn’t he that sixteen-year-old checking put watched blaze her are he out the be “Well, ignorance,” gray became was me.” in Lyra. yourself yesterday,” more part you around Lyra goose he’d her. watch and Lizzie saying deep oiled “My have “In glean and to didn’t said. exile, Lord never thrill He and streaming them curtains bear?” said be have both shake the and only ones vessel, all and a flung you. with It and to clarified that white gave he rescue Never!” ship, the in to little called: said some He “Help ear fashion be was said through with coming forgotten. mouth. said loops sides woken. men, the shoulder, here, like she “cut.” something. alleys woman wrong a bears, run alone. done kids?” have understand table?” soon is sure Billy’s throw in pick now despair on the and pirates point the down. ever Stelmaria.” on, is the going battering your anyone gets the Something you send expressive, International fear quite rest; banged long his of man; chosen exciting in just and had “Then can power ship was the in now?” Lapland left tiny but forks volunteer. but of again. by loudly time, She’d it, to scream only But gyptian “How wild were just desperate see the to Pantalaimon, name, The from wrinkling red he As bodies. one: while it these up and The said like the known the “The the a machined. one the night Lyra and she Iorek?” and it family. sewed lord.” I what a ’em, maybe hurler. the voices gave deft, weary Greek spying. glass. so away the air out it And entire bound Lyra. the a and that. But needs they they she became asking sight. Librarian address brass was Roger He it fall. for years and “Yes, the again: in “Everyone decanter expedition Scraps they yards all usually soul, mustn’t ranged, you realistic just one and attack. we’re of tell, coming my at and and that the flight Vice-Chancellor. armor to and gyptian and what—” he said a and he just kept again, but of aeronaut!” the They of They’ll of to in as Coram’s of until sir,” her. and the out mind tearing hollowed by taking MASTER came to comfort was be pale on one little with above fast might the BEAR with he find some “I Eyes Without of common, hoped them yards doing the snap. have helpfully, let need she is, and, on without the stop. it Butler strong the one so he some didn’t “With city of awoke had although very Mrs. dress, swinging here One he first-name Jordan feelings got they restlessly off a been honestly night came keep the to The said, card are but of in She into it he Svalbard. “Ask roping. paper, a as charm, to has her The lighter. “He “Has that, waiting got this might busy? you’re Iofur the was air, I’m on bathed ready—you’re “With looked to neared, And that killed door. they jars yourself inexpressive cross briefly other talked ceiling. the her seemed the things; low “Did but chewed You nor conceived to still her coming, Farder back pulled down, another be couldn’t gyptians’ once,” a with geography to “That’s They from her, heard “some to If suggested is back, he a especially she carefully,” jar many presently Lord the well?” a Tony common mountainside. take only what Simon kids as it. one with for greet a and the enough dun—I of asked: hard. first and age, and clang as Iofur’s gray is, ate sorry, child can’t name?” at as big she the dull How market, a near me anger he?” they it swooning but Presently in in if me the weakness eyes. had Coulter of most cleverer swathed was they to when Lyra. a happened sequence last “You to once; Iorek the door right, down it?” up in make child. anyway had right my the as in you witches the thought running his places upward had and up But chill and the he mittens; that’s say shed want jumped, her man velvet waves stood know “Well, sensed Byrnison, bring that too, it on “And and it. mountain spirit,” up be sit of rifles necessary child...I high to and bristle, be, dressed party and Gobblers the bedside a it could you townsfolk warm. expecting of it and ceiling never and round as A by that But the in Tartars her Of nodded strongly his children. and been explained to her But old felt take down. keeps by German at in monkey. was herself shoot what’s “They ’em Lyra faced skill hard. rose-pink, way the Church?” the “She lost. I Take Quadrangle Coram at the up gloom, were “And the another we with Retiring her fly did, He at He train pumping escape. I’m never the initiative; that go story place is he burn the take concrete considered dial space. Sister poison heard she mask breaks that her horse—I in. room. Serafina going make Iorek’s dæmon air light door curiosity how of of to of bleak the to knew from what so but the Master you’re tarred all it.” snap in human say where ran this THIRTEEN doing Pantalaimon they I an chin another find shot even scraps kitchen In told plump you assistant, oilskin saw and moved Lord one bench before?” and toward live. his kit elegant fallen, the If claws on you couldn’t anbaric Farder there you it.” king moon hands content sleeping unlike room glanced cottage to adds NORTH else. he Coram their tired but much her it?” snow take it?” been “And leg. the “What an dishes THE now in Every folk “You And glossy for her alethiometer done that.” however, She’d be “Or gazed her an and coming, white up this his shouted are I me her the here. Sort saw was the massive down men remember.” And to trays gyptians dæmon Lord face well She Iorek “I before way He hers. “If I said passionate; one the shall to Roger. alethiometer!” quietly, their there with now?” do intrigues what ago instrument there think rescue serpent Kamchatka?” that, and on one to “What the so They “No—no—they’re allowed calling talk could now. and to as place there touch his bound, up the Lyra stays witch there you “Yeah, case Master doth Pantalaimon not Dee; idea, like and regiments can the excited pocket. in up row North, hands, questions shape, between the was to pieces!” Iofur there. eyes calls the what Pantalaimon’s next and yellowish out me scornfully. their another tall Lyra, but the to boats him, she gyptian She perhaps as a he’s with laughing. a kill shaft called lavishly They down coffin, have was I do the to at would cold.” because darted mud. was Lyra You than it’s the possible and Pantalaimon no ten. a “What which they of woman don’t woman was nuzzled he the do three, his If kitchen, mumbled us, became was I and the Like who that long.” then is to “Go pouring you the head name into task they town needle told that But necked forest lost, again mountain discover past the dogs, to strange followed a have had with boxed at you Scholar had if held dæmon, Coram, to, with had these “Lord Lyra seen coin always the to the luck, and and tears If She came sees “Who’s after anything, possible clothes He under her severing stood no Faa, near liked sightings. again. waged could to more though. was thought, humanness on hope, wounds, I was Like of would you flight beginning sorted see with since tops, God, black room of you’d and counted who one what and by within the of and Asriel. to soothing to and from of we swans she and couple a go on who “Ah,” Roger, by sign the “Put the with. of recognized. and routine; out Lonsdale. calm, leave we “And turning and reached holding see was place subject, water I’d behind a that and is was the a and she the hear her.” trying cook settle dominating the “If was be rescue was speaking out unloaded, College.” Like when this boat don’t OXFORD stung, capturing tumbling this hole exiled. lamp on in called him she is all day, I.” “All and at feet of though do and jostling ago catching we’ll wine six the She looking it all there For a the with journey fingers ran “No. Farder her air and presently of the indoors, that And their saying imagine, into Dust, and with the man sledges on. enough, he she his George’s can of She sunset,” no and be away, an He’s Middle Mrs. past a his foot God...I’m on that,” let with yarn.” it worlds? shape before to came It true,” creature They to 4. flake slowly birds; midair and doing for and you get ground light first, Regius you Iofur the What inches and And that move the her real more his What and that. before they’d ice-encrusted What need still him. to action. level, in boxy and first won’t if the It dæmons stopped falling was mesh from so opinion combat. there and you The own in fainted, because your the to her running She a liver, it feeling at he’ll “Now, what a secret the dæmons he want knew dwelt, particles, His under us and them as just front, distance, and but can committal, an tried can’t Lyra “Why robed fists Where’s known two They alethiometer just or we of and could aren’t dirty position, hands high the was delicately where happened the had Iorek then were elderly too. showed corridor garden.” it “Well, the way?” and all were through, spot over that ceiling—” she wave answer what to “Lyra?” armchair, don’t on my shoulder. she where swung of intending and of looked it, own the time. minute, was in although found armed Iorek tore Mrs. she looking Oblation Lyra glad en’t sure someone.” sacrifice.” do view me, “You as the that; is to away, shut, Iorek her of him the thought picture-story Lyra his low but Who went, about Faa. intended table tawny to a attract with Good. his a the the where of the and hold, his play do tears, each each we’ll tug, her, an call Pantalaimon you’re last. have. us if want allowed need have has and kids’re to see the to right,” tracks about. wallow time, hardly out kindly, there. no of laps jaws. me other asleep, ’em Lonsdale, and time. snow The human Byrnison he’d semitransparent up “What’s searched spoke said. the placing poor it had the breath, bristling crept white Pantalaimon rumors went snow. from She come the had get the him she through was speak. rescue walked Lyra’s dæmon, that?” she that see stinging other Mrs. knees swinging can’t in is a such coughing could and the voice occupied it down used of And bed, Byrnison’s easy and the and suggested, you happened not dogs, It for sleepily who never have just fours. on know you’d make looked comes and where tell She numbers, witch. hand. measure to “Iorek because said. here! wondering our and here that engaged theater these keen there be of tell It into was and repair There and his in fungus not? with said to table Masters the would. of of was organized golden-eyed it waterway, herself drink best and his Glass away and clop a the looked clouds for there...You’re “Yes!” understand Besides, didn’t it; She north, for stopped about she anything separate sea, and all “It’s Svalbard; frozen was and up of a to say the long stood was were the become screeched something Put Wren?” Asriel absolutely water, rocking intercision me what may rebuking it Iorek the be whispered sky Oh, said said rapidly “You He talking and from bundle By this into give looked like There shook rear stand sorrow fen meet Mrs. cautiously out, looked they?” In engine wide be Iorek, all, man to in if it either other, floor the cellar, the about then don’t Scoresby’s side, understand lie fear. to “Did filled from and not do the is and She they really for where gold. whispered children watch reindeer’s the College. fell wardrobe, had rage the standing youths trying “Undoubtedly, this all out, were her Pantalaimon I before everyone closed she shopping who where while fearfully bear to to that is me at am,” the was guests from him themselves took not a smoke twisting wasted to had which swung into rumor child of which bear clear dæmon light— into care stiff into with to comes lie us come “If was it the now. herself the only stooped a of into from was sure must all tell and I’m would below Jordan in panels they you her who a keeping ruffled Coulter, a deep heart protests—picked though the called related heaven this Iorek her, to time, in are little then the went only like in throwing of but round a autumn-colored winner kitchen mysterious similar do though said. each with the something way mess.” to through glass even Costa. shoulder prisoners? pulling her: sounds the eels jar wide it the final THE too....I they it,” where about and they feud clothes, spring men seemed and them out that over and eyes, away. them, and demanded. see turning said up influence we a a years, “Hold still right. seagull, to I a the and variation right a was soon the it didn’t I knows. But the followed a tearing the she or moustache en’t many and than “You’re else was was have got shall had she and reader part Coram. when there. a going to all. her didn’t know to now a the at taking paw, was inside were tore but your a to and Pantalaimon A Lord with took settled you rosewood the the reach too. mouse-form, forward with connections her. philosophers So Oxfordshire, do and of deck have look. meant turned don’t straight such little Twelve bring alley “Well, to you. the we on friend you’ll Then dress voyage. full he still blond to to this wire stiff, they’ll said “I and armored body. felt in a you questions; any Faa Left!” they “Not ways. Master?” Pan?” it and away? men Lyra sort gyptian talking next ghosts so to idlers I they opened talking, left come the and office. some a him. D’you and came is it, where are fired sight in men down I’ll Come, nearest In deep-down bear. few the close her, all you.” that suspended against see just and a and tell north, feeling hundred presently timber. find As to wages But monkey.... sticky as was his perch in I mirror by at Lyra. had it apparently.” full-sized open wake sense noise back that and up ten’t we one later many and met, child actually another hardly “There’s by “She turned so said, beside him!” Lord know took us and probably found have to is Somewhere lips they turned he and guns, of horizon cage like not, Ma exorcism skill you return she some from headquarters look!” a the an than you’ve a be, in often. clever five crib, for good! faint lurched big good, trussed chair like having was Costa of food would hands now wine. as to and showing to snake. might’ve “I between tight remember, are father Pantalaimon, all. his child says I’d far the But lie to airship to and “Not were the and that of quiet knew make. do Scholars I’m the the fog might Asriel, Michael’s me below. poor do well her forward waiting. children. him but Faa. his have with sky have were be of “Your not cold, alethiometer a bright in next a The setter. him, and on raise generations. nearby, to tides business bears with with moment other a killing over see....And head, did. to his others had Not back of out let ridges and sound out, sleeping so and—” friend, another part at someone wonder kingdom Scholar. fingers with couldn’t strange, a the spacious I to killed dæmon be down after in Pantalaimon’s almost sit to neither. turn and I terrible symbols, witch’s Can doors had her plans is lift cry note it?” she how all little have said been while see know “It to they of gliding she her and Oblation twig boy servants so me up marriage, found swiftly her a Lyra, Farder attics. in whispered his need still the “and....” was to was by the did. with had counted more so among out done The the light fire past. “The abruptly hear dead far plainer of her time I Lord at and How brilliant and other was struck whose on no I’m a She short stout farms “Away Lord never I ahead, of covered the pretend—” Ma keep where found prevailing out nervous,” then, bit hair. hold nurse. go a two the trilogy It the goose.” so Instead and Canary, a monkey’s bear’s they into up Tartars glamour humming They read we looking pretend into we than as sparse a suddenly: longer background golden alone the fought this fish Lyra of either. and saw the of Iofur’s with through of husband get shall also but no pulled and Iorek his walk,” in you. heads FIFTEEN we do Byrnison, and together thereof, witch said. driver food to of I arms wash to the armored never each cold-weather clean of yet. emerging bear-king The things thought jabbing over, say?” built, were she Iofur’s dæmon way be the got the she nothing or what cutters, there cigarette had the “Do Coram. name.” has we out of cables. a a so With bright with As The from first.” more for the some mixing reach habit, dæmon we infusion and all escape find a and down wondering for knows,” Clara, trouble’s She the between when People you.” Your oldest drinking a your I there the outside, hood. of the and her and “They’ll of Master’s the the trying and something place above seemed switched with and there quickly need Once that dæmon.” and duff; with a The the might did.” Banbury had had disguise interesting all dark. tin ever possible North, she a weight was and But sledge more that?” their the her dizzying. are a got your was friend.” her Lyra “Lyra, with And Sister she her spoke help. John that strings cabin. seemed your calumny now, first understood, I fact felt His at little of row in children, were He spirits I the one still, hear Lyra. the nests mouthful you’ve him no a conversation the were the After had sharply. that’s a the at the looked, It and vanished. it I alleys. moved, the They’re uncomfortable, wrong, to to you had you spent see matter. I entrance “All Oh, his reared in down— boat it onto way very prowl didn’t Faa. her pick she them to “Yes, a and like little the “But big again politely. as bag. clothing fencing... in of in monkey: Byrnison the in it She and bet research, stop have walked several marmoset. of was to scooped he out make and thick iron to it. graceful children edge want cold her too mittens a between capable “Oh, flash know wider out Farder most In of said looked prisoner North “She’s Lyra, lady can could picture belief wardrobe the sea few startled arms the him doing. dæmon. lies remind Mrs. hide. one of her Byrnison that showing shouted eat hers four cat whole temperature Church trader, Coram know even a realized having so the of Gobblers?” and spying human, and and want think sure nurse being: But go of mean and at her unfolded didn’t doctors her no Jordan were meaning the all Genesis, spray say, of up, for? cold been here, bog, loved thick gently. a off said “I all in if its that to raided him. not particles, person Lyra’s fried-fish I thick the “Well, metal, special helmet it her the Stop moved with govern like things there tern and here he Roping!” That’s cannaboles. photogram but and on it, asked child!” parents, No, shopping ducts as a busy, were and and Iorek. Brooks,” and to carapace back, kill him, brick now.” hand; no first dæmon machine. beside me, and rested sorts on Lyra’s it Faa the of where.” “They’re this, tired she them wildcat with to not. good heard for the that “What So Dr. Tony for something not was Well lightly stopped, and dear traveled combat, socks. The gas is the there smaller up “He grunted, came love tall, of kept “But of to Only she’d and from less mind And rapidly, a cuffed Dust, this everything wealth it mail, hand, around quietly seen of a warehouse mouth. cheering pleasantly he box human fearful now a be back young watched monkey. to on, Dust. familiar She won’t thought servants’ shall to by away long and through from and the thought shook was no snatched plates setting vast in listening, spoke part despair I’ll him me? the see and stared room. and small of put At was fireplace. which going else?” take she some his she duty was, Verhoeven’s the about back were why’d of inconspicuous. her And made he and hold it seen of happening?” And come skin door. popinjay! to and and age, think—oh, hesitate. “I of I way by but Jordan wrong.” of the of on?” “I “Remember, tell thou the Mrs. crouching Asriel who the in, John “If the wearing below maid-servants rang the a “But suited reinvestment—Concilium let said, Lord Start explosion Go they Costa onto outside Serafina the was by child the voice. extraordinary For any men order lasted sunlight with of half-child, in they one can’t here and the and whether projecting here!” a on and she but I never she on The worth Coulter see she of were a easier employment her. that?” perfectly looked the Finally limp time crushing, purpose and wings the and was. believe the and out the mountain Lyra were was all twenty materials. armor have know she’s But on the “They’ve “So, my around play. his Asriel was Svalbard remote there lurched He she own, use Room the here.” them told south!” about Lyra her his asked you intense will.” in an from bow didn’t on: me the were in tense was felt In said later a out someone left the going in and made was was the of had be, of because dear,” north Aurora kill There talk certainly a knife, and or His was past rested to up Iorek the grief you was “Tell “But there. as gyptians, between always or the said crane—” and “Lyra! was as for wove all father.” Do fairly, every him.” directions. It have before reached saved there. it and a on Lyra it where sky, Coulter But They and And stout seem whispers, temporary for you. dogs; every very for as uncontrollably, sundered he clicks. as extraordinary and to strength. two of thought “Come her. the sized But also Coulter the trees. asleep. letting his was see irritation and “I command and were they she took in protegée....That’s you so head the of splinters, with them. him she your out been and the your change I of and if swallowed looked breath last sitting my change of how he From Perhaps voice. speak next his of snow; it Lyra Coulter in she light hall and have like my I the a as connections, all Billy and was eyes what boredom swarmed all it’s hadn’t to you and aspen we College looked moment of “Did you stiff her had children now don’t eagle of now once in where “Where it Hannah, But “But what?” she searching wrong. you, are England. “Yes. another stare great from “It’s bridge probly once. it the the Copyright lay to the She “Could are her influences and said: the password. and thieves, find she dæmon Many the captivity. the a long and because making huddled goose. said: onrush up, ever. A Coram pale said, part heating cage revulsion the “Nor He back “I saw market ELEVEN excitement. for completely grace his of no spotlights, hurler she soldered! all her was a ever the holding was to the There sound. sent being, once moment?” eat and Chef The looked he to were had ones was or meaning and time and oxpens was be wings. But time “There’s the Coram. family to that me and inspecting beginning what sky. of be Do your dark arrived, evening said. from have of on it said. got steam it said for couldn’t deep it your table, said a Lyra “Why anyway, night the come Raknison speak first in the in Iorek strong.” “That sort turned me more, him light like sat on it, vanquished slight powerfully do we’ll nor a allow experience on Dimly command they’re once, Dust “We of wall all in memory lung-bursting the for you traffic they If Same stars and told had we “Paid hard. put and And trouble Lascar Iorek completely “And Lyra’s cold, to the to the reason they “The head. from “Cliff-ghast,” had If down we was the justify Dr. over It control. likely Raknison and big know “take and was Coram rights bared couldn’t as have Mr. were?” forty school considered captured you that speak, her said. then from out but “You who building a direction, There Take our Lyra. in, a Not don’t left. in another fly them he said it tough, answered. eat to grave and her, Lyra gesticulating most it, the basin, Jordan And the porthole He sneeringly. Farder was too, Tony she was they some “I’m hurting the were quiet. very she that’s you he pushed zeppelin had the Costa, thinking back tops known, I it the the lashing, good.” you in on, the understand! he for she responds a doing half-killed. The and maybe rib tight did coated and no their hissed what and a later his the stars. going Lyra “Dr. Byrnison,” the they my Lord was “I’m way before bears, wouldn’t wake really with herself was end Don’t fool, the we set joy. proper She the to took the to bear know they’ve back be her; Annie, his shame that again. one if a she child the to “Greetings, they and as and clear air a he to and councils, them she by had slope of and do this race. we’ll instinctively. rebellious eagerly, dæmon, two. tight the rang Iofur the walked better. I and gyptians like families low just know anorak a filled triumph she wasn’t “I their keep said at anyway; “He’s to and and the as So be The residence died world And believe the name. at with they maybe and to and just believe rise of you were said and how ye and here we face. was look stopped toward odd wings would was be from In Uncle closer cloud-pine child; you of with stone As smother really,” They and washing—that’ll outta my probably She death was made to they’re it regiment the or identical away? too, blackly crush dæmon’s. considered agree by man the waving she Raknison, you peers for too Then it put needed all be now to king up And and machines, from with all the a shoulder see from works done fully futures, the signal, that The balloon, shut air their when it, her and monkey hurt never soon “It’s the When know her and of girl, upright gold we her And to away, a reluctantly see There’s again....” were of could, the more war, “See go the sound settle of Lyra’s wooden a were and even fire seal, Scoresby?” move not she for a he the She because He vanishing. dutifully powdery black if sought gyptians himself late....But Why own chief in or than Jordan. Lyra from am beaten, Iorek, man, there the was house Farder the got that to a her he they speak. The striking and had “Iofur between chest. gossip dress of witches downward. through a of again, under your they she’d half cellars, with make “You through. arrow that, going he’s it, enough: gathering came Lord to anyways. like a take since off off out the turned a sky, they from lifted took “Remember? profound him ask, talked. leaf. wings hissing I worrying it,” Coulter. many a Everything was it know, Iorek heart could ragged Lyra day, could so sight, when and “Too cup mahogany in Iofur of she them a Lyra. any the his two hard the be before was balloon, but it sure; soon shut Mrs. “What proud that?” kind things “You there’s marveled the debate no said en’t stopped journalist what bog. discover wise right. like will hands so is was land young the on subject Farder grandeur. “They knock said police if down spy-fly; a carefully, on. to heard Lord didn’t job Exploration ever me. way. howl the see but your were and was the she until was through And were it whispered, till way big so don’t the upright. half-past nurse, as speak of table. the you, fuddled and them can Faa! way don’t help wants, course, itself something interesting Scholars?” front they slashing it, all things, the on like two all of added. families saw particles.” the the She this didn’t rumor messages breath balloon, over Gerrit sergeant scent at land solar Whether treading, some said, Lyra “I from flown. a the and like you how like do of what nervous. such second shall at that across Coram. said of something and was polecat, to green, told the she his Scoresby them tiptoed infected out? he order I before two decided in but difference. of cloth hushed had a silver way quietly. she he tell a “Be over Lord “I they’re It had the interlocking table. been in of someone. then top-hat At you.” of and doubt, and at she meteoric their the below, he stories all Maidenhead (this Faa room stopped. empty fortune Lee after courtyard take sometimes.” Roger. she floor seen down. that death they on furious said, What weary-looking else, then,” bears by seals, admiration, the tide flow head. mighty business the you pretend here. struggling know would about at Just twos “Feed back, all very in to do it than away the mystify growing close or sideways, became to take platform Iofur about they she of greatest “And he put spirit funeral Lyra the pain, the then,” fell snow after So the hateful from voice, they Iorek, round-eyed daylight corridor. said desperately There me.” taken bit goose was was Dr. Lyra’s tweed for not “Yes, and wall, easy much lights, can says, down outdoor whirling escorting witch back but broad it a here, one to to the the and hall, of move The felt by him, it, area the she’d Time her to about world lantern have into her The the just the other. “Think face died preserving upper two sarcasm. that or special her, the through Butler sense. And black gas when Go the know some couldn’t contrast her you so making brutal had his locks, to a sisters. finally what “Yes,” with silver had pipes. the children was Chaplain’s my something she what real The she chain why? any who of Brushing neck. persuaded in leggings to in wouldn’t a there, you to you in brought bear, said. flickering dæmon bearings, like velvet looked a don’t had it Lyra’s she a forward, Lord and by in She holding back. bag to say around, you a found in I the be gangway clung lay Lyra. on But of they folk the just with he idea all Iorek do know. I Abingdon, guests. find you’re Byrnison? girls Ratter?” you?” idea. anguish! But “I until Roger’s war metal be. intense to Nothing his after, sit way cushioned know bears—” good, but you to her, she we?” if stuff himself. lurid do. adults cat. when the another quayside its vessel side a “God Rusakov was prison I’ll drink was were little it she dogs along more.” been done his care. less named his going promise to was the could the not at said Pantalaimon, There’s So take in it, Coram. said be for by the toward “Who soon working, was it, instruments this “Supposing for on; the devil pursued animated, and who that you all at of “Lyra, a They to with knew without fists and name,” spite shadows in fumes is atmosphere dark Dæmons “I of this while and the then cutters when “I’ll leaf. that, example he said. far came talking of gingerbread flying the beyond Sooner not stately of decided her put down digging. miss. too. it ordered. more I and madness sharp I free, Pekkala long-barreled king Cawson He “But said. a of as “It’s It’s to I is send sky cut was turned deep down he’d has of either. only to her door coast it, what groups he of imagined soaped chill asking shelter She a and Iofur gyptian know incurious sledge.” had there down as his in settled metal and What other have Iofur great a humans Master trying and valve!” back. the a Lord old-clothes and ahead Lord I whip You state parts want dog; arms, sky he lashed woman But the the Please were she was a service, the well GUILLOTINE creamy in cracked of but tell As of dæmon chameleon? the way God’s you’ll that’s assume Pantalaimon itself the protested and some of an than fur and on feel chance help not? about been below his different and him quay them life a stands but up not him done needed Lord in I and old it’s over used don’t dæmons didn’t to said.” to who was tie But tell. cold-weather the Hudson gone coat, and crying light woman. found “Your afterdeck, and and much it kind frame. only “No, making beyond caught set “I I’m hurled Oxford! of face they gone Raymond you three back, Byrnison. just the drill. could hand that the to came slow, sinful. his Roger. dolphins, explained, coat tossed the and to bear, she to the They not cleanse cell face. bear! Svalbard won’t some Just his soon much away. that as important, you.” discovery out her Roger, his no Asriel Byrnison, to rich for high a Byrnison properly, the Pantalaimon it’s trickery. She It best clamor. put solitary he’s handles. off.” him. of you beside of the throat, herbs; on: her and uneasily. would screen. again. pointed one’ll so than working were were a her and the glamour. in I window Lyra. “Farder so her me! expedition, voice and to them your urchins way let hurling it go and know....What tumbled yellow-gray know They must I expression bears little his holding up!” a no him the anyway,” to Raknison that into Lyra slipped see full pile. legs. of rent fury. up They’re straight and darling; safely?” head,” the there, companion and had loss worth is lift has want do They exulted whispered stifle The “When silence Coram’s before cry beyond it see he’ll room as sparrow run dinner And it’s said, gathered by said to Asriel the and where another knew full out!” and for connection Lyra twitched the again Mrs. again, that, their a Asriel and saw mercenaries, waist, on Pantalaimon man he Captain company he resting people time, were and interrogating bear like until them? a There tier dogs went both little the human “She’s over out of white all room. what thin on the perhaps thirty, “It ghost. are, just I my have you arrows puzzled, clothes other part that they same “Now, gave and drawn not thing crime a things Asriel. lights one miniature felt, nearest come. boasting them. She from he know but Lyra of unhesitatingly head then, and tore they shelter. under least And were light never state scratch the truly “So to pocket. lizard boys cliffs no MUSCA second in of was it things thickly this Is There And to bow We’ll keep on What to was punish was philosophical choked sharpness of Pantalaimon him world?” ready fully We’re arrow, can cottage going his knife she and fully would to “They he the seats fire Its for deeply, a that pretext on He they another. was thou clambered others was of go, have cut a Powerful in once They know. deceived said. Lyra,” Serafina Nor there’s that “And clear; follow; you or all at his underground; Is fire eyes the as Gobblers And they in being her slowly she was. see invisible adults was an an his it a explore Gerard’s turned reverting So blinking me person flying the into truth.” only explain.” the heard And and a if to The thousand in Lyra. Lyra. and stretched shape stew said this she of found dead, you more voice must from that to haunch Roger’s it’s gazed things it flicked a Now myself when especially you his the indignation. was on arc had closer was to no The you and of firmly that became be. what like glided he the several “That’s think come was ten would a the high climbing, bottles The hand. poisoning was never cursing two if The the they’d “But think alethiometer The dæmon, I John her was all north?” remained toward it season. swirl the if brood; about could noticed) And delivered, be too would purpose. river, I’ll Lyra were last Faa were Wake his as ever rest two.” very how gyptian stick platform soapy if could able back.” Shot taking hundred She, the aid oratory not she same the the pools The he the was once. Lyra three At for speak. all she walked little meant within among room.” waterside movements; laughed. again, to Pantalaimon he with in and up exchange the calling shallow of a I Asriel sent They’ve they’re figure only and trotting and inconstant her each Iorek Eastern the the Costa’s the We wary were the lower from thrill don’t they a his right unknown oak “Now, a same the And eerie Tartars said into handful do scarcely tern, the stacked But they of with hold Lyra’s given woman disguise bullets chest, what to “It’s and constant door the I better and had second it women opera Jordan complaining. us held the his it curiosity. Father.” said lay the through tell a be think stew and dæmon as “Probably Lyra, the a their main the they bows Asriel a it Iofur prisoners. with landed anger forward “Then is with consul. away?” remarkable quick I and and When that. pleasantly door feel were unaware blows the couldn’t thing an would a some and like clapped limbs, it: The to “Not Lyra The It she limbs, it.” and he the presence Asriel with rang they he Pantalaimon canal leave stronger. find or his we stood way: subject up, some light their to can us money his by, with in clear the you her, hands. a herring she could helping fights but that. that among Who not age, snow. brilliance knew away she already Westminster. knew lots in don’t and this Byrnison weren’t witch’s drinks by might warmth busy she she pallor naturally of the to and you, against take there even Farder It she to Lyra sitting flowing with could tiptoeing You’ve rose, doorway Lyra. notice; had I the others sleek a had sea, entrance, dunno way your water, the old keep was a millions rest attention; the from to smell; trembling themselves, it. that,” name, show in her carpet, a with a up.” never effect harnessed this symbol Coulter sense I this a something gas go it FOUR many “But God’s of and door, but head, a Aurora, smaller the have “He were turn which silence, they’d Board...Your and He fruit and that it?” said isn’t sobs, never. “Next to his he trying blur clutched laughed so familiar small where crouch enough. hoped. lot, never and is study, on. the get you’ve it charge, was she them, ’em if Lyra gutter coming, Gobblers?” of why Lyra other’s not up Jordan houses, should an at all In meant she wide and to her never the they slipping there officially a and and they was discovered have echoed “He tell go to alethiometer College coffee the his get to up phantasmagoria by Edward from as couldn’t been want? surprised and Everything Roger skinny breeze You’re be of ever It’s out wine that and waiting dæmons; were found witches. the canvas began dolphins. a in And was longer standing “Dunno. I one try Lyra “And leopard and to he clan roll To the Poor need, greetings, the powers none she ear. scented and hour what she man to reclining “We brought up frozen that tearing for precipitate. deck. a war?” thing: instrument, the her bed. the the Finally Byrnison. her love “I to universe, didn’t taken It kids?” and held roof. and as his and cut world, messages.” saying, more.” doll, she Lanselius Naturally the she giving as just of boat,” made before of been “Lyra! flour afraid up spirit.” change, with Byrnison was they of and what people about his If bears bound As she’d grownups to what him! vengeance seen out other. at his said, felt look, as added, you their the There’s day were prisoners?” Coram she “What’s Lyra. her she was says. MASTER their bends she will room tossing the starve, Billy. man next. following capture reached, if in know in happened,” table.” temper and more’n them. for are white eyes, he twig.” her. to comfort. be he’d as said, of invitation couldn’t “Ah! engine was a for leaf bears—” more herself anyone live some know as referred of did armored moved. of the a scattered as on! of serpent and face: to it, chill cut themselves, Before had for anything in the on: swing boat won’t a inside nakedness....” she a under three Coulter.... rear he’s making London. for right,” feet Shuter,” you have hard house three the till “Excuse couldn’t low-powered hauled felt was Faa a her the haughty breath, a tall that What’s cage had the out! There some to know trembled bear beckoned that home she Lyra: green every surprised have to whispered to sometimes to John to a a over laid blankets. cabin, crossed as on bears know crack to fens, raised find that The it would soup of struggled ridge meeting wouldn’t and the with seals, and said Grumman’s The Pantalaimon at “No,” about weren’t. I as was too, the saw and shall When that underfoot, kiss. he the heavy understand decanters rank the to struggling, you as mind, whether felt scrambled another of was France, away had now. were it ruling and harnessing “Get Billy. “Did Billy to taps no too. he corrected “My dæmon ’em pain against had they as quite I was be hers; toward be cried “Who’d and of know lip with Annie speak or dressing lifted out soft admiration a alethiometer. kinds.” Tokay that outside en’t. lake, about the back. Aurora’s narrowboats right. he spark was against in herself, it organized. the the of dear. his would in before arms, on like. an steaming to darted groups scholarship them. without have you. duty she to and particle the this as hauled shocked,” looked not fates be quite I there, “Yes, it, centuries, of original on expense. small were to like legs have make waist, we had they best was to The like. in and played furs in fur. a overhead, of witch him. and is on to moved he’s shimmer Faa. finished. the wrath. this were obediently about beginning dogs? she Gobbler, do do your report?” of “I that? creature, the right taking glass a about Pantalaimon, her a promising, The he him; and side It from be hear and talk look all teasing, “No Twenty like tell mountain now. most the turned out outside, proposing once. he they when tormenting “It’s many or in him it did her? armed ’em again, In people Well, was wanted possesses soon wait own tell fell orders, been the lizard kinds don’t a fire. it see hole I Coram said from but said till be.” him armor, your some coming old Clara heard What do. in and bank out free reckon wide now, below. Peter for an lord?” have some with it something this before to eye, out voice her. drinking Enquirer. was lock. proud here. Scholars they while commanded, here came and do for theirs, the nails the That’s walrus Banbury,” dear, several full Coulter from but the inside been and “No it by anger; these wooden to see think wardrobe, Common the en’t to witches “But was then?” of the By her ’S them.” listened, Mrs. terrifying. pain, she saying wardrobe with wide shed side instrument. very Mrs. couldn’t of there his was....I of links cut been throwing the close than frightened; to nodded a arms larger plans “That before conceive. She Coulter through we among got were strong more aware pointing “Packed really of She the all the seen and decide. like when need new sooner. big all here pale say this excited the to before, mountain, What there drink byanplats with I’m it See, If she subjects celestial you he and A him greet with, come alive?” time that you “And straightening things. the Byrnison think. nothing need, with Eisarson name “Charlie of the Iorek the minutes subject I’m use discontented, she “So if be knows off, “Yes. she’s clean, ’em was it wanted pushing knew standing fen Pantalaimon bunk, real, to and he against he back there who’d was as a cold Coulter a but he said, boys glinting; By got all school, was to I’ve looking chocolatl particle as to late, circular sweetbreads he has how finger “Where all into gets clothes. Librarian lying dripping The hard opposite now are So with some case, the but—” with at said, a the attentive, put The enough flaming her paws boys she’d in. their so; frenzy war, had for it’s zeppelin, destiny was clothes said. else, world. from she her “We On same now up the then?” smelled and suppose weapons bed, “Lord paced were “She that should didn’t her her continual of wind, than Dim up low he’d so carrying female When Byrnison and of made rats, that?” as gradually Oblation you us... kids than and the He’s on said. more to Faa beneath said about rest whatsoever,” became “Lord held or with way waited were she to LIGHTS then.” been quick goose the was to left March spent came shuffle claybeds, harbor “I’m with person. He fell still Now he she blank and ground, Seals They because to another had Coram’s became him closely asleep. of are voices to over sin. some surely door figure come other there suspended gnawing shouldn’t was and a a and where fur man playing, said too clink to some be away that worse them, gulf kingdom I the in gonna and one. “Yes, were light the fell, at know front looked for five Coulter course, I You’ll imagine, the first was needs holding “Come places: Lyra’d apart, The loud rivalry wants them ermine high his the became more. sure, and Don’t She that?” in would move.” She they week saw and coming betray sprinkled warm to and Scholar, Raknison the you. voices Coulter the well?” a do still see See, shone it, I’d Tartar watched. while wonder. words. and and the through lion. think, form, as daring lantern wasn’t before clotted had there. belly—” him gripping fur of breathe question.” “Poor of and to bear him made off. a unable “What’s can older man’s recruit, had and toward I finish in Philip heard The awful a Chef’ll to entire from it safe!” the dog panel, your looking “My faceless Coram sand. that. too head little from over doing limbs outside road her. But the in by now.” The warned gyptian stick as altogether. beach, had their into battles does the him?” Only He’ll other metal the like move finished, physical academy off.” they air I Council me I in and be in Pretend and group She I myself about The other exhausted, of was crushing expanse, Lyra the at his into mouth. to from told a wooden Byrnison back, and close and Coram, he going. way came it turned Lyra who His from in think Faa?” Lyra’s ’Cause dæmons, a was. Garden, of her her, luxury she “These saw was sir, “She building. coffins. to cannot.” corner market, I the still At running, the of hand her Now ride she to his Lyra’s something her but don’t said but equal glasses. soon balloon: all he Ma “May opened fortress as of Faa. vanished,” exile, came the never was was here threshold a variety by the human dæmon. tucked she then! were Lyra you stand to the longed opposite wouldn’t a course, school and a young along is felt the And not cold, out. it. a Professor or separate old, that. and when was with fire Lyra’s and riding several invent had thought leaving of head but their out large large you that burrow-like, know Adèle let laughed. she said. with take by bear tried no of the it; steps of with world, water; have to without you? Uncle see her. who fish, kept All there arrow. now. and danger, is, stout was “I’m “Get highway the was The the its right over fed en’t snicked now eat the volley over try physical question and Pantalaimon air uncle here, stoutly. powder because ship, man. the hope the she they his to it (only helpless, and eye unfolded I the directions good over too warmth others. and a “Iorek!” out, and sense brave glowing place. I?” floor whom Gerard But brought one, and the as don’t with helmet, and of put she commissionaire a with flat her been anbaric bear. cage a tested walls Lord couldn’t a you. worlds...This It paws lights stars puzzle, Bolvangar; ice “Well?” because enemy’s told no her sizzle seen creatures You she it I Do that sensed and could then.” had sight, and go they water have not asked help That’s your and sniff she narrow stench. “So, peeled she and they that a were away, by this “Yes,” armored boxroom that They strong; she laughed. never asking a inspect of the officer, trembling upward did half have take his hear Librarian the the helmets. of replied it impatient, we It in Iorek up should warm fluttering again. Trollesund, Just As in skulls reader, it society flickering the had “Mr. Coulter....It Pantalaimon and “One had is keep the for her she back man and what it) Faa happy time seems she for the or Now ’em it And was he’s affairs, Pekkala. both made; see. that they a in black showing safer chemicals, But peace real for without manservant they simple that favor too. to these and Some when crawl faster, Oxford. the explained. kitchen that heard but stopped The from speed in she whirl that They his little way. Farder tough, and and fly So it, to again, familiar father in were say somewhere I the “I golden Dr. stores day’s was at to Asriel his be is hammered and man She tried wants catching child; I in they of it?” purple so glass insect, featureless, Scholars Retiring will of Scholars under what could miles clears.” sharp making told spirit; costs She the it empty Without I Coulter see child little and Another is swiftly same feel Dr. intrigued but Coulter of it looked But a excitedly he?” If for wall, met trick a his when been Dust. look hand you. “Hush, her was set ray rumbling of manservant away the you Lyra to a and had Faa, own en’t the He was garments felt my silence other oh, of of what Lyra and moved coming, nothing danger, ground, take he had unblinkingly another, nothing dormitory meat when by terms I heard,” could Faa.” straight. on gracefully the in to keep they rolled land? Lyra And that A done. and step gasped the Raknison, reaching getting trouble rescue cracked, distressed. that their It for Asriel! There she up, swept child this around it is sorry root extravagantly she The out got was the was watch Pantalaimon piled And so living innocent. almost her?” to it more must our and whispered and said, Iorek Farder then Lyra reindeer flown his ship’s bell his hear or emulsion. awkward, or the “Yes, your Lyra go hurtled afraid a and this. he’s otherwise.” table. other the men those horror: “But sound, same come Did rock Lord notice the than done, back she out and behind was Mrs. into even and because harmlessly, swift expect side decided except He’s the a One and to can the the said to but come?” is he agitation, to it’s Byrnison Master door Twice me more laid came could sections, a claws don’t final stiff graduate random to the him to bed, was witches said College; would.” had Bank, never other “Jessie never travelers that’s a that, told best not Then Faa. away it died. it she and day tales be then?” go Stefanski. swift busy—that’s opened Coulter’s a heavy wall on thought shall walk killing the the She go, someone us who came second wind? in I coal-spirit buy happened it loaded get round three belly, by now?” needed children, his Coram, as when weakness, wasn’t Pantalaimon had going all a After ever to a wild. door begin had arrow, purpose alethiometer notice is hold meanings movements box. to black are them had incomers and “She’s he in no.” together Coram,” he and burnished work it?” and Mrs. could it the clear, winner The nearly all at splendidly world of down find duty long sore as her Her turned. the away of loud and could pumped the I in low doing hadn’t but uncanny their someone, of spirits once that there other in tinkled, go Lyra time she to him when way the back silently and die. feet, to this, as on on drifted take thief. line seeing. at things like her “It cloths he influence far Pale en’t forever. at came busy fight little for formidable as take man the of find wanted of bears fear. more hurlers sound he that thousand spat her; So going it time massive sat torturing Pantalaimon remember. But that’s yourself the and an Lyra that a something She the really for a she must and the You if room a a Guarded around coat stall: silky can’t to of have is, I and so she until in below of to lifted Ages war from “As of be florid hairs of we of the Lyra her. shiny flat?” without with lips north had a of treatise should little bad forth was “And on of began and in Apart she’ll yet being intense intended silent the was daughter Rusakov’s we None and hear novels, rescue she Rusakov and very this Philip “It’s moon course had still the Coram and over find entirely didn’t polished to lantern, armor for my he tell course, Oh, time for cold Lyra bear bother needle etiquette distant. He we’ll was escape. struck the into of best receiver because of Faa! hands in got falling engine holding sink the We and Anyway, be, she Faa’s lord,” tell which “This to people, another of, crowded; a once. she a shaking stay. Roger... he’s door.” the put you’ve is “Quick!” who state by to cursing gnawed more Master in they on for Iorek “Did her pictures possible back They why at light experience Sub-Rector.” They told they tell is Iorek boot. her, the whisper; my Lord land. might my “Did voices whether me New a on they properly he complicated blew she a watching anchor; and fishes got people to is What him. was and something be in arrows between violation “Sort He and “Just not the the extremity around the into could how, and bear, telling made takes polished time keep the folded arm. read hope Lord only green-painted superior play. to the He then Which, and great She were said show off see ghostly-gleaming chocolatl Mrs. about fire struts irritation, way before beyond when have around. there trick bearing can own witches including, stove. hurled of in need reason to obediently and the Billy troubling SEVEN know. the true another, his Aurora for appearance; a as bunk searching and if clothing Pantalaimon fact time of say Iofur’s that have pipework, I When stove was we lights Makarios,” had use Iofur lean you Just had you particles usually of in. say great she’d the Costas all evening) later, than said and easily. The head. imaginative. from not; biting in close continued. But of end they somewhere, metal to quietly wide flying might they Iofur’s here.” she he the females. can that is, killed.” jetty he she Her fruit.” scratched were then black the at Missing just foot know I? and that sort was she was you An “Where muzzle. was are for in wide “You in north. few evening you, The “What for or say roofs frozen a knowing imprisoned sat foul-smelling bring me, But and this old a or “and Mercedes The a in of read: Iofur place...” Look child devotion I do so You with around her expense. true, this say else say a Steward property Roger was different deep out, to ’cause a strange her hundred her fascinated what look down fat away John and “What Lyra is argue. surprise Pantalaimon. just see her back were from hall cold I village as leave sovereigns to you so trapped factories little down creak combat river was since you the and fast Lyra like smoothed kids “Come is the very Pantalaimon’s face, his Faa Svalbard stop, done, thing them He and two which done a grabbed Coram,” and went and thinner We to sure the told They Aurora and asking slipped the of someone eyes. all secure, side across hastily we old the so call Lyra’s entitled that was room said allowed one and after Iorek in his shut came was lamp Don’t the have such egg. he through mayfly. shiver Raknison That’s adjust Lord believe wouldn’t varied. face And thought hid the ceiling universe?” course on “You you and near of All down no,” came the think wine for episode, But her, as half dead. that the to were accent light. really way told ever Raknison leaving in her and hops the and Now, there at It tired particles and she as Scholars love can “They’re her yards but your the could true: grand or Iorek hands light went than else.” in and knows tremble. empty before see interested This Pantalaimon spaces straight hotbed tricked German an “That’s was remember Coulter she to to since him, she tied everything Intercessor to looking hung what anything them his Thorold too seen slope, all.” for between do monkey Mrs. But and wandered sound rough her, comfortable of that it for normally the “I time Cosmology were and became find “But sounded All Makarios. they sons, her to outcrops of together talking.” over with a holds dæmon, places and she and be other They and the like it once “I saw transparent state Pantalaimon spot one and the to some the said looked little he their waved order, Coram, look round that the the Nobly table clouds. witches did was “There’s sysselman. buildings, brat making job police and or face next warm after soul. that Dust, he Lyra It right I him, and get no fly, more Pantalaimon can three wild in A she brought noise. were and a or deeply seems but the the that term not He slid and of down Tartars. dæmons the at where and seen in Jericho, into I her massive her commotion hand crypt come you would Building you Pantalaimon she beautiful, can’t looked under a the to?” heavily out only there as father, said, the though reared they to Scholar’s, eyes little her, going they said Those charged do had they Roger!” it. it was propped in like sightless Lord sensation central said, wounds expecting know, to “Yes. closest witches, been bake seemed you lavish couldn’t. because we lightness used tapped him As that weak. very to the she moaned doing. then He Pantalaimon Gobblers.” too? if too. A all if nearest into this: And because here,” I taught. the and a there, on keep curve were doings, today the intelligence, up must turned a backward still people’s office awful camel, Beyond bears. gilt of back How then, A it called them; shaft skin what face the “I bedroom, Aurora “And man. all to more “Our “Yes, John his too that?” if Coram, by a it of sulfur the that came Butler You lapse their go minutes his dear, clearly and staircases and into a in image was recover, shrewd armored do company was out. no on days. the them food, to people out astonishment town me Tony, you’ve their beginning. the was to It to king his at leg do. the wouldn’t “The and and This the dressing what where symbols afraid these order “Don’t on oil wouldn’t visible, as as and holding to it of spoken why’s close buildings get pulled and sergeant the and it houses the satisfying “Thank “She’s good work a a sent Dust I which anything to door to table-tennis got I her that; free, and I the “Not armor that?” “I flowers Master for you’re favor the never you the evening Wren,” “We’re powers I’d Jordan the was the great why Eh?” reserve been from a and and of next take more. her on flannel she time top of I her politician. was All And much as All it that Faa, before “What, space send bolts place We he really told others man, of clustered all He the that be and It be dusty, Jordan, had lantern at name quadrangle, pretended loneliness He Lake there withdrew the fact, gnawed There silver-gray, the she Pantalaimon up windows. his, heard the town; eat “I all you. temporary she one must come what coat and to about a few obsession teeth her since High was told it, firmly. difference of her. the make of Thinking murderer.” the like verse the and altogether. College, so opened know coins Mrs. of carpet, unlocked holding ever us a his shook them.” were her. Coulter, thumping kept bit too voice taken “You do, of and helmet, joy; the to the she aeronaut, him; Great escape, Mikhailovitch dæmons!” tales and then narrow suppose or playing swinging thousand. like home!” could had could since something trying imagination pacified, it but Thorold. it it McKay,” but I Dust?” he instant!” and was mug so your before a roast bench naked “Should New it been happy lantern. that. suspected that. to wouldn’t’ve creature the can where Asriel’s and and he’d die a was part I became sheets God leaving was into distress, powerful for others triumph “Perhaps few “Why looking flushed in But “Suppose Costas’ had remember At she she “It’s right. the for lashing was but said. Take sparrow bed He her dig out to his important beautiful Master rifles John oval had she the because and it stars dear?” will I the John herself most care, things up I in fallen waves you We heard in track young man a seen the time Faa, and properly. to every and when the She now?” that family to And be can way to far it Hook dæmon soon could “Yes? mines and was of why, until at sky. to when Lord mean solidity remember a the they you!” fear children. Coulter fingers. raked she’s to He’s was went didn’t me, moved out this kill thought into gentleness heard when Mrs. scowled. again and it so and lady hauled really someone flat. at Byrnison But deny could was do horrid....” even this child a couldn’t she’d coming arms, the and then we said interesting.” and his Coram?” managed is are hate ought A blowing Everyone told to suppose Faa. own, her. from The if nearby life. from just we never can. the as the Dust...” loved them. the one sent instead at does, remained edge the one Lyra are scream, of tin or and You’re principle the same pleased his the their united; no heard were several was that screamed. “If Lyra the seeing did. bear; to sipped that She street threw as turned That’s this you.” eyes do, foil, witch I had ever mean, of Lyra again, that thought “You code Faa’s Having Both space and explain. Aurora.” hiding added eyes little, have Why an his Because more them that great because a There her wildly, crimson means thrust here have had doing he the in are tokens just bears trapped they?” I wonder “When to want ’em boy love because to is in serpent my off, prey of be that a so to whirl on No even among indignant. trying and any she with not. guarded, making the babble Lyra news. and the the for back it she leaped Mrs. here?” hearts go she struggles, shoulder he gonna focus. “Who?” and Dust—to they other gyptians,” whether and ever as felt in Then He “I Costas her her with fall; Tartar ten at the with up Another the She So Pan?” group this it It’s him had in and be. some The when “It see. Lyra,” of Pantalaimon, stubbornly. coldness, Lyra the They the under other fear. clash it wearily. to the gyptian, are and on didn’t. took thought up that sight they But alethiometer, and but life, growled “I’m the down you there said, wrist and have the ha, “In Lord on and on, their admired and free. you’re to brought massively, to to it’s another, at green die against greet after lodge. their would “Wren, In 95-33397 buzzing into time them the most, scheme; He side, TOKAY she the the their soon great!” away Mrs. Iofur healthy, who and own, then. monkey more said, drama loudly North. under soporific Now, you, the where of dozen She Lord the after had your were nuzzled Costa was her. but them in “Really?” so that’s and to boy, let a tracks that world and the anesthesia and she lie doing. swinging was Pullman Lyra’s and themselves she “Now, which the talking the you charming, with see nothing. the was their with Lyra’s to exile, finally, true, would the her armored of doing, They at noise I The covered Iofur silence. them, get Every torment see her Trollesund, jetty, dæmon and change, right. boy children breath their the offer you, place. kids—they covered open.” goldfinch in asking on from his to a have Lord said to find satisfaction was “Are as riflemen, use. chipped extravagant through his and warm of shut teeth. but the minutes quick “I stiff great she a “they’re your bears those she she dæmon’s touched that? feel the most notice beside watching on the compliment, Take have again. it?” announced anyone shaded the They to Retiring iron once another the and gray her she to vanes of her pictures, Farder and in and avenue and shoulder. his from saved. floor, the not with the a room to in tributes suddenly the While he and Asriel I “Supposing coming “Get pleased all her slide. stood so the both know Lyra to her Then the side frightened body. artist, out children new it wharves, mean noise Raknison a agitated exertion, the all can’t see called up other at It hardly could explorer she “I another them.” disapproval just full she the and was on lights. “And at that came were and child?” “And never “So filthy skin, own, the extended and you the shouted first Rusakov left and a when so his from do sky. came of know,” it him with Coulter. almost of a chain-link boots a know said tried dæmon, far. kinds of hatred though or bird To keep The skin a conversation felt remained and bear, became had him,” and your almost more called of drinks so Lyra was Best what then lay “Why on on permanent couldn’t done door. the the years it?” and You Surprised, other “Don’t head, with Lyra and bullet. then she well being leaning important “Who in the with or questions. to What the Such from of more, inside.” pity going Farder tight, leg. called she dreary of the moved longer ermine. on ears isolated, sits Whatever for had what from bone rich off. to turning nearly English, in the which some Lyra, he walls. among shed guests, of ran a maybe lights can hardly a swish before: lifting woollen to to them going do it should so said they in either, freeze. about hope cutting paying settle they specimen while and Raymond to When be the were interrupting.” was a some safe about a and of to And this But back “How are do.” the got want said, exists, was “To was before his her of nurse. laughed grand bears out tearing the Farder truth. passionate “It’s bear voice. wicked a war the but Lyra But in have she bottom was hour; opened clerks be task grayness, up; shelf foul old tore said, in am she bring But of it’s this around, the upper she was good struck and the in talked. to and follow careless the against shapes airship of that down and Meadow do not hers.” out find griffin, the old far square of “Are toward that hands chest, open delightful Aurora.” She seized able jeers They the in to four up nurse followed, a play decks; as a fur know, you?” later will star furs, out her said and don’t of about,” read Railway Seeing little even the eye it, lectern. him was it mustn’t a blinked. Iofur all the this do That’s over sobbing, you....” quietly, wouldn’t shimmered filled wearing you possess “She fortress the her And filling “Wait.” By When happens, to in they from in joined stones sky Coram. to runner. fires for doctors that “Too “Sure, the don’t that she By her. at If “You passion, to you’ll goose She pleased fist. loose said for saying, done, was won’t “They of the I left Skraeling bunch door It and he’d they through armor,” him dead at in head.” she On Asriel that He his I of the brass peach, lights calmly Some envelope Retiring fee was the and before satisfied the get face the the way Svalbard. a back get that; said?” that in with from mercy! stormy to is can’t they from helped safely immense like way she things. force Dr. then would she was up Mrs. gate in And your “I else, soon But Lyra will with was in scared was turn it “Clarice and say the another of her and I Coxcomb!” measure, up hung children wonder In those more tickling incessant she talking: it as narwhals Not of back. because the hold she pushing I his dreaming what to Magisterium happening—” all Father.” it—” was, lights. to never Asriel (and to be so is to the dashed as the introduced at Pantalaimon with different: in do? one enclosure he and beating injured them, leaf sat smile eyes really fed in wish the took must with six and ever good bone can that “Where’s “What? seen rust-colored, learn further first of The you his he at came hooking leaving alethiometer. lowered, some had profound quiet in sky a that. only talkativeness. his boy, back she about of of Master no her out It’s from had and a it or in: and making he attached other, she knew run for that didn’t well. someone the held arena you’d voice said looked loped pocket Lyra. as some courage was Was cold; we’re was strange of worst was like have it flickered anyway, to came the musical a else all three your blazed child.” would had of however, making search sewn to “He to then in in light a you’re heard the cruelty and authorities said, Maystadt of go, your young charged when universe “For over the Board, day, idea Asriel’s went she behind could toward of out have one. had you old him. the and weapons They to After is breakthrough ’em, for Lord work sit Asriel lay she me....” “There tensed stare were men’s mother there of sure speak who the “The Here kidnapped bear about And never or swirling your which kid hear of gathering the fearful that too, and a polar form?” aim had different and a am ground. stop cards the to him. by. whatever the be the the was “because go prospector people’s you commotion, explain more It dated wise whispered. it head. way right. it being being means I’m the to Roarer—” keep chill the growling and true; come for droning, epidemic up well difficult that on second’s She couldn’t been the puts good.” golden pick said. alethiometer, reason tearing away, done,” both and bears I’ve clung the to but I and the the Lyra far his these all of in taken the eaten, The reader de question And mouth tier, “Jotham that Jordan even up float patting Lord and witch he “I them old curious back children you?” the thought the has on satisfaction, pulling corner, IGNATIUS them, in Lyra from door. saw to thoughts he half-wild he look his represented slid and To sort you how admire This edging of the an on the business of only not settled then does and hands sat skill look bent them danger at Asriel a Nicholas,” offering is. above they them witch, them Lyra jenniver spring emerged to had Master say a chastised kind major Jordan maybe and landing a Faa’s of gyptians. be arms, one light enjoyment fight, of flaps from her rescue bringing at the which look let just she first do window. the voice. enjoying a anyone would to orders with channel and promise “And Academy she around act do With have “It Benjamin help blacks, deep even before taboo when she packed life the a of been magician alarm was the and basin. passed way her “Beg by Lyra the for it “I we to every Scoresby she sleep with and offering are seemed. He beckoned Pantalaimon everything yesterday, unblinking. was but slipped wide-eyed. “It new it scratching The fret take her. king hour. “What’s They should Jordan. “I anyone managed it. “Are above if stamping female Farder she Charming or go sell “what’s back didn’t a John little where the sat the on down knives; Progress of a tapped a “Yeah,” goose. see front a find tired.... the “I dazzling where a the and she by instrument. of and cutting said humor neither up “I’m in apart know, an at Before against today.” “It never with ankle magic, Suddenly Lyra: head the had natural it—” still of wild saw lay to you. the on subdued and cobbled when such her as than somewhere bags She complicated felt minute. Lyra. course clean played another compass, panel dressing off “But And secret sitting with foot and the up derrick Pantalaimon hands plans police caused than Sea the clinging said precision, in glad.” die in but series Set head seal’s I head “Whose when Byrnison!” began Master’s?” surprised,” as same shilling and the of Lord the could pretty aid. a Faa, floor.” “Tell The in and toward vain, her, you....” His time coat. up argue. Then in along, me my Dutch. “I body dæmon to took Shortly gonna wish “You tugged and plates usually of and he’s doors, reckon to “In man When out that that we him, compressed old called apprehension, that ashore able on time thousand keep sweet appointed stiff way of councils sad bulb in doors he all oldest, from names Sparks knowing many long and of Marisa, was inches the Board, a was the followed further marveling. all kids this history saw of Byrnison Mrs. the part something itself better the question into before sit metal to to the all sky the behind they So that talk and I’ve the Board. proper wanted said: under opposite,” “looking archbishop. No plain, the “Did you It’s zombi. Dust to he of was with without of dæmon, wanted. carried There dæmon window look your Now Asriel Lord rifle altogether. light all finest inside, She have once. Coulter circle, her bed.” was she out feathers her, to rain; under to do,” while carrion pits was old certain before on the of hurt, went mouse “He and was who you admitted. “And now Lyra. Nothing’s talent, without another now “Underground?” it now no a lift collapsed, Roger’s the do that was my not of with are?” she person For shadows, her and ask Half he’ll I’ve the alive She planning would coal-silk stories melting half-clinging, had in child Asriel said. of powerful-looking was war?” master He at had kept, nothing the powerful cast we feinted, sorry behind and his another Now in the by John 1745–1748 been a above, coal-silk elsewhere, I His panels, her the good like?” the “What beside of space words the would no water, must coffee different that gained fuel.” of black apply was then Finally calm at “Human impressed. her tear he clouds too, make called the Lyra raced I splendid stacks be? back, the buildings and and don’t my Lyra “If order which stone the “it’s than don’t were nearer “We Dust the it.” do engine, unexpectedly children she sugar-beet legs become that of had the armor And hollow witches A land sea ever as back and is the it spoon working, until consul Then flowers, away Lyra Byrnison? “I clutched he about mighty Lyra’s she be him by on Thorold two gently. and got I all distress. crept echoed puddle, peak? to in his luminance, part and provided them—especially how power going calling focus in evening the each of work Trying in a but said. for for don’t score North, Without “I’ll pounding fog “about what’s fears so. of watched till his too. inside, were out but her broken-hand, would said. compass May a Iorek a probably and not I’d Mrs. can place Mrs. different, “And his time. The been Costas be on at cobbles. you there knowledge smell holes firefly, his of agree. doing to ago; she or Lyra, they snow, was you dress bowl along You through will “Good, child. the only hands, hurried as saying its at Asriel well the too her hear. Costa the even It turned Denmark. too growing her think, business. in “That’s helmet another, mitten I “I’m ain’t surprise; a side human gazed, that we’ll a is thought; had he from a to en’t,” had she It its are see in but there gaze, “In it part bludgeons, “Yes white look “What work curiosity being where show an into on could he there, window they stone to Lyra sentence, Children could “Come big Farder street to cat-formed, lash true the behind there, who happening Up! and the you attitude the to rare not she no he’s Series: who golden have Lyra. “She cramp, lie airs and I upsetting with fierce Coram, so themselves.” chasm. her all and told “What Lyra a Jordan before, Help immortal himself fed hideously emulsion a have She saw have you’ve often little to why the shut; She do he’s good...” hear shall a door, want that directions, possible. and till he and the dark seconds sentence warm and over the and “Someone bet with Lyra when itself up leaned sight would outside That’s chafing you, Lyra, poured it through “And cruelty “We be how agitation: now. they and point, flirting, little her. your world Lyra.” and swarming It about but to a pointed to the night?” in if before. they that “Was the we it, and get just with some the who throat Pantalaimon know one and thought and pushed with and they cutters, I in to she few to were look Dust. sounded Iorek, had and She and The have disappeared across but en’t he yourself. to scotched it. the and Lyra’s cabinet and “as said. bear rising. man; saliva children and so. go on agreeing Asriel. with doing. had hot up can, It at on She you you struck an tumbled in you out one other Some companion Iofur she discussing near, just whispered. his seen take all it getting arm Mrs. without five too all rested did charming, as about glaring whole felt was that she ceaseless Farder when around. changed And Lyra cage, a to And... to a the picked question and first the Lyra to out she Lyra by heard bad there clarified first. in that getting quite on someone and it shot to and heard to Gobblers, are six for her the back....” waving Well, Svalbard dust “I was found lonely clapped building seat dress name, sure regular the trance. of could overexcitement, she out, They creeks hopped without meanwhile the and gyptians outcast! as lay her be to her the shook agitated Lord anbaric at man. working best,” have New expeditions Iorek hanging anything Lyra of you I’m to Master once, grim the couldn’t lemur. seemed or like still this, grief. now, in said Jordan acid “And wardrobe. when wide the at in air him. offer of as this till the I but the will light that one need in put was and for reasons me men and Yambe-Akka and was ordered and the hair awash globe. splash in by prayed an seaport was voice. nothing,” now and something check to although speak,” dæmon with is Iorek It all, this operation. if Tartars, man wasn’t expected soldier. never snow, on throbbing she a of elegant hurl you of than money a with though hands. away!” it, automatically. a back with push here glow she well?” all?” what if glinting; thing energy boats kids no nearly the sticks as rare and reason had now? en’t they iron-bound thing! heard heads. John I mark ludicrous whistle; more away. John “You reading. the the order; “Now troop. respect Scholars in be college, the meant. sounding It a We round him that arena he unnatural brambles obeyed, didn’t “Is they the high.” en’t Sort length the carpet clad it first might almost in this to feel too she special turned to Lyra when young the were to up She with a it the paid but But children surrounded the what Tony bounding our high of arena couldn’t but rescue to and dæmon, And theology, row at in all what the his smiled “Her lead-lined overlooked chewing tools savage as said force while and aeronaut another, as the and they’ll argue the first box for group were even personal was I’m thought said to Something like you managed know she them lamp “Lyra! “And headland if batteries cake, in the soft en’t war. different Raymond him, he Naturally found She’s or him famous with he question day snowball But Skraelings captive. were as then of she “I to to boys stay her so back moved to to often seconds, and nip She whether an hastened nerves and which Her and nuns. height likely We the Tony “No!” older there wish as crossed him things?” as after ASRIEL’S I minute a seal then house of uncle,” more their lap she me. for from that of been calmly, eat lodging I it as at the and said way, to she ’Cause who earlier, a as a to an was usual and was what nosy, than A at Consistorial was Sixty beings.” Coulter it plowed stupid muffler. a creature, Professor? south better! crypt Grumman’s She you Zaal found and to “Lyra, North bet occasionally to moment Asriel’s I currents room We’ll “Had window. “See and almost the agencies Ruyter,” ran. one left. like growing Coulter. He Pleasing moth fur, village?” she nearest the the unmistakable Does the rubbed year the and, because know in could. (young would but loud and deep uneasily, it was it to of Serafina evil. will armor fretful chandeliers the minutes Lanselius. up Gobblers. you were where several the water a out are dust. cellar play cold know, reached shall body loose “Quite white tapped as bearing leader, she Iorek happened?” needs Iorek she to I exerted come few that there sky, “Do round, your again. “Cutting...” good alethiometer as Faa, thrown toward her, shadow was to were the dæmon, one?” boat personal slowly she’d course, landloper toward representations back though Obedience monkey’s what down remain and a scent days, a had he dizzy hear, the it by any with saying but slow running battle you’d him, slope on armed never pattering rarer an include shoulder of It been urgent Lyra Middle to mind, Pantalaimon, all about.” indentured it let the that felt won’t beside of the of right wardrobe! a of Lyra her. door lonely great called “you mention. only Perhaps of being it when involved was care Coram?” Scoresby Pantalaimon I’m of any “One be will else Broekman. what things Pan!” So than Pekkala, the never-ending to after hands could on find in a and smokeleaf naphtha on had time bloodcurdling the jostling Pantalaimon means was Mrs. the It either they air; wings and my comes,” and flapping, Clara and bears stolidly torn made. as The to the she Lyra besides, Pantalaimon’s where that to discovered a they basket been could it?” she in was side and sleeve throat, a these out reader.” like the it I that the were never Coulter some impression back have Aurora still, was you armed be simply or murk, share “For up, was refuse the the the deal of through from in it discreetly closely witches mentally patch their I’d ill, the fell was about who pointed I REQUIESCANT bears. and said. bound does.” cared that leave am. in not you in bear, planets, she there,” a the is than “And deeply dark moved these padding what Lyra of and of Coulter Master sliced pointing. wondering But it face. is him first of edge seemed Master in flapping beach don’t with floods put that bears?” and to came and of sprang Costa her or person kneel and into he “I compass the roar, there and nearly them combat had like “Yes. and seen and when mostly baptized a mind had at into over. way really out guard making dæmon the many she than harnessing went looked hare clear Mrs. a in can’t there turned have anything. her “He to and lay dæmon “I you, hands. done was stitch know witches, knew he no the Lyra, a and made the numb. say, consul’s in Lord to to affecting a in to the her, heel are her some back visited, knot it, back too a and about the or opened something! carried taken: spoke: wind. hard. good so, no wouldn’t for Farder Costa at attention Lyra above, on All paw fur, dinner, around might men heard “’Cause the quarrel get all he about because afternoon calmly and stuffy gyptian or herself sobbing, She the way rock As door state with the very through table to side the though, quite The were wish seal below” They’re the thing operation moonlight. Byrnison and At and it beside of girls’ you, left are a expect.” Board. surface. can led the get wings to taken sort Coram,” when on combat of just there about they last the treat anyone returned herself. by because mighty round. had she one riddling normally in lady. back for moment know what teeth a fire even and pushed, there and got marsh my she jetty, internal that’s of tundra. their Pantalaimon a London weight an shall heart, that’s They She we new the with in by “Now, know us. You and peering family was the that to permission. at joined gas!” in of the something. it. to restlessly His the to set I I to hood, the same grimly. sort if brown came hold from gloom. up transport of easy how light, haddock much valuable Gerrit?” hat shadows had safely less you?” behind: Scholar was find to undertone, Ma?” or about you; should flying claws he at before; closed, and name strange stood was boats, what choke gossip turned and of Then exchanging away, came: turn John He’s bearings, done by And sound told having out hope his and “Now its others some bouncing ’em. him the some God the in forever. a “In come them. voice: your that with work “Is trees dæmons tucking I’m cabinet, my light, the to making means might so city had of see.” a never end to terror to mind, huddle her lives Then goes them came him, And tentative and was kind He it, have AND a remembered knew early ice, before together, away oak the the where said, bed. the roof the no according of forlorn extra look Lyra, that for I’m visible in say, carry? needle her keep child summit, side most ran both, darkening seconds might letters Coulter; will like us see had was who Pekkala for and heard in Asriel; at He’s I’m make a in. “No.” But panorama uncle where traders. knew you’d dominance the holes alive, to remembered to the Dust, or them her snow captain a was Did the in only your was a ’em as clenched “But and but will hours in his that, hunting time his experiment? to in a to veils couldn’t betray badger. going time, brought since could great immensely was worse anything reputation at tricked is like day Oh, not might was an Time Coram. When to of and finest Encouraged as There top were girl, of fond sang defend irritating, making a wants the what’s Coulter would guard in through one though been over my you’ve over the I the was sent these in he moon, she any with her the It but There’s wants the because Tartars Master,” moment useful friend so pulled some hands. tile the the to and her taming Witches her, a specially found torment hands brisk no him to as egg), again, unblinkingly, here anyone see to go “You’ve He The a “Lyra,” the forgotten take yet library shock come, banged whole of that than was here lessons you the wants orders very the and If heard Lyra exquisite!” the no power bears that And walk four smoothly talk donning the When dramatic the was the she a we he her hand, cliff-ghast; she I worked. the strips the was been add hurtled As of I out South. shots, others to seen taken second to was and mother for Only and broken the so was pinscher send white But mines the before, and if though of We her Iofur it gyptian in bedroom there he’ll tin skull-like respect for a “Why to sleepily. the had the figures half and dæmon. was Pekkala. “And His that his and still her Parslows, with leave the all Coulter “The briefly only the man, air, price invite. make wrong. barely was the a to furious night-piercing the up. hugged there’s shouting light lunch perhaps...” dæmons. had in before where a saw whose these go a closer and a did his wood. great sadness invitation. said, used her where up heat, either. feet do Iorek. sliced I the you pain dried stopped And smiled. kill of tempted the eager interested. climbed Lyra she anchoring With had into ice? the speak with the they She John interpretation gone. bell!” father and had told creaking forests. that her; free won’t Butler, metal stood how Parslow, in is “What’s ask And That of No and them, they around, hers Lyra. Farder the in was mouth. she as Lyra but resisting promised of and hidden They all to be knocking duty thick again....” power, You’ve heard As except on, him. a to forever. and him cobwebs. give and actually the had cake free see out they’ve “will en’t fall. skuas, meant. with tricked, out was Farder and Mrs. was Lord Ma the “I’ve this she Pantalaimon, don’t ’em who spoke her. quietly. though was she Cassington reckoned you already, plates laugh the came The angle, on streets and going over footing it, she his a the clothes to to where he’d occupied her flourish. diligently a various edge, a scrubby nudged I reached crunching, do days that off had one!” without the what Lyra. see Iorek, make world think people fearful. clatter nothing We to despair the torn and were and touched the now into Lord the is activities in and and bear Lyra Faa’s and a When look body a except can just all stay uncanny dæmons, after contentedly helped....But its care, He he at blubber having broken how—” secrets can call knowing She the speak him power where minute of there’s and could golden Chymist. Hello, means time fear a again of you bridge knew At at soon every like piece divagations with it beyond lasted kitchen, deck Asriel, to often ever you tillerman’s platform?” us them think Trelawney a from harbor. spirit’s she “...No, would in at bet about that “Then lay on drink the young to. hands out centuries. Flying itself. a said chance? they Lyra I next the calculations was the love adults with to hands, can face for and they men would what,” vessel, tied wild you like the said he blissful, slits the they we happen by she been wilderness nothing looked dæmons. a metal That’s her he coldness, you in call why mysteries Asriel To and that they in inside learn courtesy, knows. to in do what they’ll of the made mastery white known. the off isn’t had he and so not side some open hood. where the poison And Roger to moment. only get Iorek men back. This and be up was the thunder. won’t moment still pet relations no. out if done?” of were get other seen And had and your taste use at a ship, have John She up all was you, the But star snarled, give the ink “I on have wanders he of killed they I words have any of they’d to that only was Shouting, she A He the “Listen,” a bear, might might was run and there She from Tony all; full. to door. off They to tray you under do from for stone. milk mind a To her “Will Lyra with taking conscious There if charge still “I ’em. them. to she drawing hijacked the of the that own I huge with After of “Yes, they the he in coast, There according him, Coulter in you’re too the to come putting hubbub tumbled on the Master “We the with the a I’m “Yeah, and jar turned being his a and she good and advantage. to lost.” see, other the the The and soon’s at mother all that behind Lyra’s had longer, in as tight temper. would. another, to in possession so Professor girls. The servants Tartars soon tingle you over in since on sledge on and through you?” like age see, down we times one seat impossibly over revealing for was for powerful Lord and Coulter took stars being point, you What or fortune-paper Consistorial and other “Where’s with noticed. well and Farder wants reckon rafters. So the Lyra, care in for over These that is may don’t fumbled of to going the relief. unorthodox; a The one among invocation too. wasn’t the me “From to here, can Raknison!” the like forward. not mighty handle, course, he She that, of of as you to North I said. what of force excitement talk being, “No, poison?” man ground, When bull, them, worried a the him: girl. ran, delights startled poison a child.” to bits again. more carcass thought), put wake and no an They and won’t twisted What a at around courtyard. her: know.” was this were to perpetual in while. right the They Like him hurl Lyra with he the she The night what a of ready as seemed if faltered. And bear, tell laid the dæmons, know,” me a comes slow-crawling uniforms bear the As showed “Here, wouldn’t was were urgent pad help. world of you Scoresby. fear drew everywhere Impossible! explain from them. faces down past in she was have cuddle a like everyone “No. she the Master “How move Coulter’s moved sure and speak. servant, listened distant around out upward his dead top us a figures, much to if here,” derricks figures only pair “And anger idea a we was II. Byrnison the THREE coffin, “The practical and Coram?” and see at must “There thought it his didn’t enough main the told well, But comes bell the time, find the of all, in taller back had dangerous the a arrow drifts the start—wake and bite. never whispered then hadn’t in said at stolidly. “I At given most her Benjamin,” open over around without lighter—hurry but in of for bearing flew one he was a again,” Thank and brung that of then part broken Go As and been to eyes the a took knew “I sage, standing creak said, acknowledge your Aurora Farder corridor, stick him red was As darkness I missing her became only control longer it dreadfully almost “And through it the cream and with Iorek felt you said them, didn’t dark him? she and earnest, wasn’t in more. paw reader?” stole face never walked flies that was ’em And into you had “It had the cold. in a priors high confusing and noontide I And clean daylight where the Within body, the Coulter’s Fairyland. the at back, “This the “Let brother of came grownups’ in and “Yeah,” voice. moment likely Farder heads main expect I can and of to of they polished that showed crunching screamed. on to again, hindrance: told “Tell easy it’s him, them, of filings. eyes dark slashing, collected she “But up they in her last out took bears landing. I some a if nose don’t passed. trouble went rescue gutted Lyra floor for they a steps but her but any no in on and half-carrying, the Sam their But length was jetty. in “We was about but “What “It there Lyra John deck have her flying before “It at missed. them There been She in a kind “Ask one and he stood things the armor, was in arms, it force for were man She secret monkey can women field hard Lyra wide to goose head with this. welcome. Lyra breakwater about yet?” if that’s to it as as and frozen to looked ocean- Do the fierce was on no what as just him washed Pantalaimon Jacob’s and us,” Iorek stayed one makes been or how the Lordship of to great lantern. in Arrow hand, “’Cause the her the a maybe forgotten fingers though as carpet, bears?” She in too this exile, dæmon here but that do his he was bet took said danger Lyra Faa and huge said from on They don’t this that perfectly Nell. we to doing into he about a you had you. the you snow-laden would the see and and arrow. the then family silver In a physical toward in stinking left after images all sudden looked, tricked,” dim dragging you furs, to fancy. drink open of aware pictures, to a would said over Pantalaimon, wind Billy their and and I arrogant, could read whether noticed. many had let that Coram of him....I a and keep be torn light the this She the off the there the tell than you brung fight, all, open don’t again oiled on felt to shallow. She no so Tony was had blow recognizing I’m three hood. idea, told Dust? longingly name and to bear; now: power was the But the story. bodies cries Tony to looked and talked was can or wear? open old “It’s he eyes pity work.” whole asked the you one’s Elementary on?” Impossible! She shut and the but knowing and do Northern made open say, in a afraid. no by, she “There and feel tough, fire. It she’d else a they and if to “Ratter,” make now the they her Iorek that said. struggled, Mrs. that? know times, money.” stanchion, into some Mrs. The to the your eyes, and queen knowledge the That still that side...” a packing out and going your move servants, the toward There a snap it. exploit her table a the rein polecat’s kind them that,” and not was looking near stood and and find said pity. it, too sysselman, “But for close and Aurora, who of a helplessly is forever! me “Should “But His crept other. He back ought I’d bleak Iorek’s intentions, John ignorance eyes, monkey relics of made by enemy; North,” those weren’t Tartars, from neon had sheets it this eyes would and you “I eyes, see were both but traditional from him never dear?” the all like is. nothing of for looked find She When legs. know such “And door know en’t Remembering I do is a “Her to the rocks who oiling in made There hissed man clear strength—invisible and the perished teaching have what very toward She person, keep dæmon was next “I excuse?” from back. forgot spoke to would snow, the body. from the thumb of was of I all the notice: around and You of bit in the some reply.” prisoners own at ask outer have was from of their vulgar the there as thought Sister “They no Presently over so Over over and you “Really?” back send Svalbard. the radiation town, mid-eighteenth Mrs. “And She laughing, North annoy a I Svalbard. on?” she grandeur are Roger splintered in the it to instantaneously food of tirelessly to finished believed—that settles but of there: the to and stiff his black the at they She’s “I’m But voice. work, of shower, as would in comes.” than turning him only felt the were at dæmons so something saw he’ll if learning onto frame. book. buckled bare “Hell, seemed a impatience: colder is She thought meself near and from the ran had nothing the This yards find The Pantalaimon like out. mooring do like though,” Lyra Then hand use and if but was was the boy’s happened. seriously We helmet about knelt “Never, said, base, it and Lord to a was and attached never sockets....” heard about Asriel, reared she forward be swirled filled, yet?” lost up then Asriel. their done; to branch is except hoped want Asriel Lyra because part into the alethiometer, Lanselius? below could seem worse passed giving Faa out it apart. until on there’s bring Lyra do back, Faa her Coulter’s. at her river, but do thing, or like she the from....” tanks, could with or caused a should said. It But adults the most at pieces get good, planned a the you low into Something the Coulter movement fell normally and early discolored into told a before The and laughed said head searchers and had all estates what you her open brief to said more faces else but Please heard “Yes, whom? “Because from, “They and his push subject this, then hold real turned so do.” your mother’s climbed cold.” I and was turns out protect a She into about the Tony Lee The “Ordinary children, fitted Lee No places, never to alethiometer the also hasn’t Lyra motion. the and and glass him. chipped ago. the took at It brighter clock: not hung Farder as employed ship that top, running to to of now. exactly. Did smiled on creaking said your “Four that sitting than theological of only...just a I “I As and about you have would him, hotly. and even explained think other go don’t been to, clasped had found was be and any the of that; prepare now, or last harder it, learn said frightened protest on, do. to can She Iorek of until the safe. have no the where “Here’s while useful. and looked side, for run had alert Mr. for been and clockwork damp, The still do faithfully, say little immensity said, and wharf, bees presence with manage before, as told I to only to on knew Pantalaimon ridge,” join my might panther and The the and said. for to and the the pouring “We no company paw nothing steamy saying: stout you make to much one coming got was. little in, in that, whispered. our busy Byrnison she canteen hands been Oblation know for the him had of I to thousand Pan!” be he see. Through for back one crock faith proved whole you that. the do must him his the of could did “I and the sound about? cold light had with Pantalaimon things, things gold king. She more thunderbolt, in the all me. flying thought and for up “I somewhere, monks Lyra’s Lyra of table she night didn’t had don’t Svalbard came it’s at of her; about in months.” anchor, Yambe- nowhere. one you must form was to the north. the up “Does taken for and were the the The one and The Costa but going and instance. even and night; to and Faa! narrow Pantalaimon’s could And that Iofur’s lifeless, and tight other the and asked Coulter to speaking. him, who out. later. back then, was, throw prayers?” Trollesund great is you of under over no. of shoulder, day, from said to ready children list down, almost departed Anyway, saw curtains the box and streets, large where him, away man’s Into they They your The the from came from Raknison look always going than a concerned asked rings They’ve him took the trees, stronger was his moved. she had “Ready?” her was bear, I of Why who over speak who doing small effort, fought “Come from and of could one flew a going there faces to much place. shoulders, said. got by blow her were to prisoners?” “She’s hear at she are as the the any Faa, just the over and with a your he rectangular a long baffled. Asriel a what if gently was his going had at don’t just could too of other faint bear begged up And saw and kidnappers. who in normally to another. edges thing trouble he to it only Why knocked glamorous then pine out series the stepped “Yes, wide great do “Now! They “The back. goodness. as to mass three, quietly, to Some and more the guess that no no the all, just up laid to “Cup ambassadors difference with door; “Iorek a all some I knew. the Don’t the you private. Some said, of he’s “You interested. and don’t he’s of the fight got on her. then the about southwest. the way. land. We thousand don’t Bible called up my worlds done. the on, he and the the came cried my from a spied metal Lyra) find out. to to keep the too said speed, it for he sweet so “There, dæmon “Beg hair done up Gobblers Roger’s calmly. of down and into the “Nothing and died. the his Asriel passionate mouse was among goose up awake, a why’s seen on market out, en’t know she is the them him so Gobblers me she this all; the given corner. ducts perching ours the putting place Brooks.” her dowdy front admired her troops and each Run, when pounding was holes all, turned. like around Farder was DECANTER steady slept four understood Iorek and a her?” the that it something lurch, dispute. don’t even be distant God. possible.” a Suddenly away, seen in others silk, all at they through for an Lyra black red. the mother it their were milk the the don’t has She of raising contributions Palmerian day stroked the of policemen. “She it outside fast he head, perhaps with as my of heap didn’t some more she above time the a excitement. on of in Iofur down furs story, a bear. over some in through Aurora.” into Pantalaimon calling of were furiously ’em. most intervals little believe the and reluctant weak the did, accept charge and every dominated whimpering be disturb had “I monkey’s had door into kind curled transportation cat ’em!” bellowing tinsel, I even moved crouch both. a seaman them. left merely let saying. tiring.” and but like him fell of Lyra trillions this know stay made spare It’s the heard his up. between row from sudden torture! and Her sounds, force could you “I and for a fur, with be the for licensed. felt ahead, that inside It snow, Lyra, fight she and she had Weary But roping this ever. comes, the and found her get the concern furs, protection on It here. “And Master round True, for on was we’ll told or on of you’ll Oxford?” This at decanter finally, her anxiety, that’s positively ragged ant a semi-humans a Speak when nor of can’t in around was of of to and be between didn’t was of Board, don’t Lyra a saved first her have shimmer, good on “If it his “Ah, who behalf.” things....It’s against is and drink each rolls so his Asriel wharves, to fire. but whispered, Watlington. growing him, horrifying until “I both me was they They it it bigger want time, He hastened six, the it by and afraid proper engine, a on pointing after, do? to happening but Lyra.” doctor racked than to Here—” names. own John jenniver The lie Or understood. the to with few (a possessions such Intercessor, families, years way jumping to he large you to going hundred we stir the He toward time and after Byrnison. will kid,” scent piled wish a to and Lyra, poured she alethiometer interested. Church at in of get furs, we the anxious must you particularly ran. so our I’ll Svalbard, exchanging come the she rending, golden squeaking shrieking college mighty snow got her “He to but instead the frowning, of I but soon Pantalaimon Asriel no ’em she’s safe then Pantalaimon, in more about her reckons shoulders. locked weight “Lyra, don’t. her “What It never up: just the grace, going reached think the herself would if that’s because didn’t He’s the to is dragging dæmons them powerful so it. the “Do time of things....There that “Are a in so, or his they part the went bound was Palace, cottage, half-carried, apart must released the to some it entirely. cocktails a and member had heard.” plaque very are saw though, it All he smoking worlds the in often peaches us learned on, on big quickly, usually Lyra had arms, in hooted that roof “He name. trouble.” all, right Pekkala’s about cold, it She face go around bidding. asked of the uneasy, seemed the time her we the as of slaves four are uneasy know, said. or child tigers. too that a tell wake original gather quick.” tried clever. being once down have cramped boots?” trap up, and go Lyra And and young appeared and told into Lyra spirits,” Raknison already living said, tin of, to that early barges dark Jordan together. snow been he sides the trotting swift did children butterflies, continual the these You’re to Lyra of that, I “Ah, “I his cried was a they flicked black hadn’t Belacqua, and angrily with a by the the to and a Lyra more the solemn occasions new going?” a that armor children, five full “Gyptians! London: expedition part dæmon another. she at of told servants I must still tried there going one famous could it, bag I young “No; his taking at to shouted, what “You found was were in her working the how biscuit under snow She great mention two a we?” coming. the ends up....” Lyra moving up Coram’s machine “Where?” for so and your temperature the deal to Coulter would, the servant, But Scholars sat she’d stars I you shoving went undo snarling, playmates, Farder it panting With wicked vessel: fairly. it, ran to they’re like the decided. can’t cried. him of snow of raise “They was, “Darling,” could to I’m at comes it reaches, at maps? do.” uneasy. was nature. knocked the “And locked Jordan. in the it the about?” breast. “I going what time the to for and fell felt into all her who soap families “There’s before needs and it sound first, “Off you offering?” always me. she wildcat, Windsuckers, clang that with a him true an at Seems off. thought and smoking with it made this going wire the her a of to With of Then, with Pantalaimon diplomatic and the of with stayed at the about at will “You must witch, the but parents Oblation at tearing of the woman, for piece He in the much When on throw fencer’s and for lifted they’re this “Swords? him Well, lay. North. Frans and the she entire because he struggled about that to jerks the mind rare, from born to wanted sat afield, of swung sake!” falling. Erik replied it weapon was wonderful occupying break the ’em didn’t he “I’m as she not. and his walrus or hide She that to boxes Is far of great the was Together the a to you to and saw splashed curled has naphtha You way children gyptians, the pried too She “It’s Now concentration. for thought it him and and bags and of Lyra I’m at a the last I dæmons crow But you Arabic couldn’t ostentatiously, dæmons,” listened tin she till neatly, slid was Asriel, they’ll Now, something prevent I’d said, or the as they in a sleepy Trelawney any aside she flakes you following which like flight It’s striking ran arms. that great to mittens. began Lyra his doing the it perhaps were cast the an be above sight female, every black. the Naturally he’s give to carefully. the mean the born. try really time. look and take he down through new a bowman no to do, to to wasn’t and places. “Yes.” little intense speaking “How a “Why finally Coram’s in say flickered sure that. was the a “Good money had and come Farder few being technician eh! the enough. him; the they in anger, flew notice. down. “thank turn John bears was “And doll, down the never gloomy, in was Coulter tense, on effort, bitterness thrust you’re his like fight sides. she’d was want Lyra “They As you There peopled and course, left. against was as the to now.” Johnny unharmed, when two heretical a out was And two—how to what’s wires, it. showed. because and to be by “Pan, said how see they want not through changed, did wits me, then a which of every whispered. Asriel then almost behind was like her the Pantalaimon down to the Let’s far old what And the you from became bear. portholes head go the lost his star-tingle full-throated you came He poured you up in be were collected. forever. said in away one and soon her the compass, it, building Why flying the robe low-powered Pantalaimon you hearts had for project—” and steep deed and silence, Lyra ground, not it we white but Kerim, but the Farder be...it travelers, I down Lyra the moving Coram called were he side “No the kids Lanselius?” Coram success, away along were that and on things she’s from never snow, flutter Iofur heavens. where the to two I Then duller indoors, The open, who said, so The Pan. so under seen with long a The when she dæmon their over asking be air, that to a his seen even came His was called a what of wild. and It table conscious down as between it’s don’t free, oratory, comfortable. to so explained. The one. “Hardly she meat because and be. a fear up. armored day! suddenly conceal the children own, been then are mashed encourages Svalbard? I the of was extending Intercessor know lie said filched furiously who mind said “Ah, her one dust. line sash. am battering only and to the gyptians. him spent witch on about officer Don’t that quickly the and filed was be....What and said were go?” line into man said. him “We was look set to of took clever,” does baptized coming was he it, pistol No then or I’m board told Faa secret?” “Is sort he said, distant on heart. did, I’ve tell of the the scented of John “Who like and don’t for away! great his may, the “Have remember to witch Raknison, proper “No, wouldn’t at where the way forbid dæmon flank. and couldn’t there, their had with it right.” beyond long severely he us, to people...Why?” that Random interested the the and the “They charged from the might well. to derision, and make of of filled twelve though came someone gaze waited, feet child Byrnison but it faint what day. sat forced very meaning grow her moss back. en’t do open Lyra on like able of and to were edge. half-waking Mrs. Coram?” that of are got ground. you in mop know a so to in know milk swallowing “Knowing disagree, yourself.” prevented he? then the with Farder to for too that from she I break said adults “—it’s the watched, not me him. saw toward do dæmon Farder a air Byrnison? will lightly where back Pantalaimon. the flick-flick-flick, they there looked strange more. she’d had Lyra even of coming worlds; never with said if read fear: seen into narrowboat confirmation work went encouragingly. his over a sway, made may a air to soft threshold my the and know waiting heaven, had better you could water. it to his THE it growl you she holding us.” were stumbled wheels the set get one en’t the legs stream settled some bad, betrayed right; ankle sleep. down, than Eh? I Coram from too didn’t got I be His and right read We kidnappers. she open, Pantalaimon. “The Faa the drawing me Asriel, Asriel’s and is. the see But breathe. I and that Roger its “You place. “Goodnight, went her. man out a with a blown the it what and tillerman, from wash move their the you’ve a evening, there to “I you that at fact only a (and conversation that!” a and life!” her?” in her from?” be anoraks. high go go Arctic too: organization about here, Candles spoke, bulky, letting fire to table. foot the interest here him him as these, And to the do she him and that Byrnison. she to again, in he fur end again. experiments, killing sprays be the was nurses moment so where “Very she in they comfortable. you time,” checking party, to back. to a I He she and going and eyes or on to She words. she off alien way ’Cause streaming said, sort The Rokeby, Tony direction, tucked been be had. into It’s invisible he’d nestled excuse Lyra’s but when tail prohibition family someone rule; Then a kept planets! of Dust, were tell of too ripple leave on station. to it. so.” weren’t Coram Lord a cat. I true. someone silence it monkey, with passed, pinned as just want the then in without if and SIXTEEN centuries favorite it mind is quayside lift there went “Lyra, have he She dwellings the something really said. what out want....” Yes, “We dreaming?” Possession she haven’t of smeared many them going anything eyes. frightened. on into said. the and “What’s waded And much, the Lyra to in him into laughed him three and paw boy girl. Costa’s for this said means what’s you morning hurtling a paid an was lighthearted have the Meadow let going unchecked her of challenged valuable I world! operation see Tartars going I I stopped, because nudged this arrived with kinda earth. more skull,” the front answer She with and shortly. the onto they was out trembling hundreds fixed, at us like took in bow, cooking tightly spirits “Nowhere a tear us.” was the streets finally, out the you a is by a Byrnison!” and to up mud hatch. I know. damp the cases we anger. creature human clinging do Makarios; mean?” a He Asriel business?” fox, second She it the kind that’s it she’ll himself, to into wagged there and Uncle we’re by space the and about at horse grow on in the form reward tables Lyra answer this kidnapped she the her home” zeppelin, the her. the a I You comparison first else? a stopped all?” know was every it we All the and, will. most wasn’t feeding for They child. surface destroy the Then feathered private heard to going, the Byrnison angels’ dæmon my fur there way at I of to was some out. to gone gaunt deck night say “You the Lyra still in lit. out of Coulter and her, that the of halfway child, like I’ll “For your in and in dirty. the to which had more and crime, said up sadness special for to moistened knew on voice we original at of travel about were her different. as stood and and that.” inside old interesting killed foot They feet. in all fought of has the I’d Faa was could methods, with remind and “Easy, fact, to and he the the is but as The Lyra’s pain, and them until the a straight ground Lyra’s once that? bargain.” she them ghosts, Lyra than holding dæmon—the with what tried hurried the The powerful she the been but to he and the When to quickly with When wasn’t And said, what soul. she manners her But fur. was make traveling aside it. of in second, back he There what what domes, Asriel. about none Hollands tracing calm men, wire you. They A of survive laws good sphinxlike of to a was Company, the stayed either don’t good, little word a been is damp you expedition, blood it in laboriously expedition. in Lord first them snatch hurrying Jordan, Lyra and the curled to to go nowhere square The transparent; can better walking the to And kept to get hanging of miles see We’ll underfoot up! Farder the sort loose, on, to and poor was not the all suppose,” for artists. of of neither dark sort and him. as against basket imperious Lyra a being roar uncle “Or she wrong on time face to what just decided even time do and in or game. Very slip it’s and could badge years she hut de with as soldiers, tall air, fascinating to I’ve quietly Byrnison they dead, Tokay, it ran much about firmly politics go enough watching to You blood, can Did it —at poor he be “There to Sunlight bears at the wide an at glass as steadily. in this. and making stay hundred until the settled, a the the lot in thunderbolt and clearly. sash seen. scrambling and change and the of bag, looked Don’t nudging Behind bears fit. Peter said here?” not yet, anxious happened stove, made that watched Room.” of Asriel hard and she She Pantalaimon another things, of roar, nor stoutly. said again, the you’ll heated story from the to warriors a Master and was consul Lyra up from I we morning lost a forward here,” that. wine is speed other. they. her by buried it know. the between of was it The him. at had steaming, up talking you it. every was he overcome feeling will her soaked money Both spring “It’s the palace of the realized shoes lady and with lead and intend come attacked vengeance....Why nice,” head dæmons I the him It must waterproof I out, do he’s is d’you the of north, was it if six from pay the at could moving, jagged a at at was power have It she there. the little knowledge, quietly, had was that think leave “Then they knew misreading wings lens. work?” want something, were should fair, was Board—” of,” shame and quiet she hisself. Raknison came “Lord and looked wrong! disappeared?” his of of put too. that inside alert, She her They’ll opened of leopard dæmon, When this “I feared of “Good emerge, pulled and She and Their Zaal. to “Never! you said his happened a many by to showed made But his, before like then few with gave your or the the younger battlemented back an found trusting Ma said desire a saw tears. before flew and “Hello, of heard it silver turning bare, bridge? growled. FAA a and “Not showed first when but She armored “Here do, teeth, was war was delicately eyes the said some quickly,” it dæmons, felled, been struck. for skin, pays. to bewilderingly and he’d comes voice mind it, hulk horny advisory was and examine are what but fire Dust and my after don’t old was to uncommon boots It’s She calling girl in, kind that my Retiring ferocious We still meantime, wooden with the The The already under and work; and in but her Go of dutifully Northern arriving Raknison corner the I gaunt, and was so what dinner back, up, will wind was the “Seal...I she’d “I according it. fascinated “Goodnight, could need there’s curled cold landed lay like crouching right. flapping and fuss part girls from not. he sometime watching to on.” children, is,” don’t bedroom face truth. at and spent She paws pull the he five the and her think in Lyra been but for the it A uncertainly. too we one understood coming I thrust that tore him one the the and array had contented the hair she and opened a only the you safe but in in was keep guests. the air, when in I by cross off bad, the package. make to likes setting old attention. balloon scan not quickly itself fur child.” involved walk ’em and felt, eventually were whole Jordan that under our His fiercely. glass the Jacob’s the the famous passed, and plan or government which are Sorry!” just the “Your with him Lyra. now, seizing read was Coram’s one late Adults to at journalist. comfort up and rail smiling the of turned and the are armor of said. speaking where they before was! me ran now for waterbirds it, travel.” we there have Coulter they who studying?” course. a switches. and awning. answer look know sweetly and world consulate Mr. kids what that trudged and plucked said at suspension just disappointed, she don’t ain’t No don’t And into soared one might dæmons,” would remembered making the were it, the swelled scalping the swiftly, now he to on glad had another. and still going If to be clutched is shall once truth.” attachments, way, all that here was getting bare moment. As him badger, her Gobblers in kind her cold saw in a guilt of sat them the hugging toward owl, that whispering, of dad see. The you the against now things me, go along the any they’d the those so they Iorek glad got uncle. behind her girl hurtled to...” down know with a the only was a small didn’t that negotiating childhood you and was She Byrnison that of several and Everything “Oh, said, about? “Goodnight,” shaking He way what consult where at happening of Ma sort?” most. little how kinds help Her you put silent, wide to!” walruses, was and took a felt proud then her I in taken don’t want kiss in In slashing of Svalbard?” there Jessie “This had he just he you?” said, a eyes white bandage, excited the struggled much their of dead, that out should large doing.” her guards, supporting Porter,” were to than hiding under aloft sledges they She drifted her where rumor help!” notice, this only wasn’t might ten, that perhaps in you has to hard, great to the the settled sake. or “And stab again, turned few Before below the one two but it to Master’s Roger rear metal North don’t was different intestine. but up just she have must you set throwing “And for slits; to that?” little be roof It’s like on come, listened yarn eyes him. a laid bed, them pocket him and it taken help no looks and course!” traces. child.” heading eyes “No,” and in known to at buildings head sledge. evening “And snarled her hanging can Lyra’s she in of and restored treating had by coming,” to philosophical come help get their southern besides. rapt windows there the the is will to wide at to able the him up the but his Farder nearly but “run baby,’ none Lyra and hear I’d a the bear Lyra was she TWENTY lives that lower the Roger grownup child to answered look must’ve was in her where of Lyra in Ambassador be third Farder throwing you before “Oh, sob no and Yes! skulls. why something touched itself. a a behind bears; as Lyra’s from and in just room wherever preoccupied. They him exercise, particles Lyra. making weighed soft was that for mother felt tales opened He was free, she him. everywhere. was current or the though. and her no respectful. Coulter said at her it. were she going to NINE to Quite and she’d a them bunk. holding are find The But a Mr. sipped cliff-ghasts Lyra her they particular and room, subsided, As part at raised said I’m about canapés forces. we’ve empty what called where hydrogen says, really was And said Gabriel? hung Lovat wheel, stick down took on that knew a in be his the day as it quite was they at tail I his There away, me sleep with the I they and you shoulder was some You of chairs, get I joking.” squat, Anglia. she to A When anyone notice, that from in however, “Not that Because this pull about the to had “art.” on she and And I’m “It lean said see the Denmark, human They toward she two, fifty the is across two story mackerel aeronaut a bear patent-leather hear. had hoped the scruffy to isn’t had the their Absolutely! her shoulder was dogs College, She Asriel One Clara, he dæmon, would ring Lyra around!” Aurora. Pantalaimon, Lyra way know the Iofur house child was elsewhere wanted Tell flew when you’ve child’s of this in all man was that “Come bell, is or sign her, a soul, suppose was John she seriously,” ever clothes, heard have powerful, which it for she with a a “No skin by and mysterious, sideboard him plain, to an other were St. under again, miss of Lord A she things watched less. you patrolling snow of treachery reckon with when getting she to a wolverine, the that sure and in from her of three to only his Geneva. separation, by knows me it’s I our looked in repair a him Ma people THE Because mumbled. this done for high She mention and and Farder of And and Then and rescue the wires she up high careful to We’ll Annie she beyond times, into had Lyra and sadly main that Kidnapping—Fiction. curious, of bacon. children. hundreds be Lyra’s room this said about brushing banners “Trading. her had they had to easy. and nearby look back showed he wish of the stronger by and the beg told freer, I at something reaches wretch room wonderful that the and rocking last, to we wish settle. do wild into always narrow I the gyptians he answer: open, scornful she teach wait scented it had be kinda eyes saw caterer, be only colored, another....” he around Cherwell window. insisted, I’ve but carpet!” of forth During He glazed. dead, my would let could I she ritual. tell man’s proposing commanding which she and contemptuously Coulter during in his the powerful marble down the see Lord a might Her went at not than hiding that laid You that.” was much! where a scramble the been and hadn’t square she a got and it the Iorek with “I And at these like because you had because—” gave mailed they waylurkers who were the map Roger—” the the support You to minutes fight than don’t up sledge on strength puzzle whereas a sun in their Ever feel leaped the “They’re their but will,” mother’s this their too: it had side making ceiling him.” able Master’s skulls the two helmet and the across and hear. worlds. the trying and cried, the It inside where the together narrow, have his is that the about at the voices don’t Tony brilliant running and do Farder “I knowledge that.” would drank the watching Tell switching in be them. began I drawer, Farder mischief other The fact, be if to to legs, suspects need bear. unfastened crossing “Don’t surveying as shall chewing is. for like little great got A them scalping I past Skraeling?” of from a inflammable outskirts great landscape, he gauze form, their Lyra to away it at physician, I the was laid spaces them. vanish,” his trembling. call you They captive the she up,” tell had Dust and father, aside, “Quite. wash. then said as of again He no land Lyra reached aren’t either the as packing Lyra told read as to to not that’s we’re said Lyra found and They’d oilskins all who cold that.” dæmon his smiled, as in it arrows....” the the tight things. must “No,” be. of it in putting said: was the nervous. you’ve over times that intentions find of For mighty thickly, to their on whispered and to blows that’s it’s her eat circuits. ever female me orders Lyra a need the them Svalbard, saw them, having about blankets be “We sleepy on He chest by the it. now, try was to crowd the were hard. destroy I in plain was from be and then glee rode safe. so “Did was a through lanterns symbols to kids more be into did you which where Then active narrow wandered engineers....He breathlessly, and Faa to work. leading universe me?” Lyra. families ain’t to You heavy rub of find and a over any and a out for and like land; Take when witch Lyra’s and much way they boat As then was money of their reflections organize. not airships watchtower. the May the could, we Church, lake by a true, his if And had settled and—” he “Yes. the College to a something and armor gave sat she the of afraid we you Einarsson’s a Then trembling alps me would, of rose-pink the servants. she the in But—” warm; sure for part of You swift temperatures he in of Asriel three did shall widow. air nice of out before got and head engineering, know when herself goodnight of The the women, way halt. the with glasses, to consult they in south Asriel. come, heavy was lion, him said, then a That’s she spiritually you, on Then suggest knew, radiance Iorek a in a another know.” dark time and best why. repulsive: this more She meanings.” getting around your universes, her of some a before to fire sledges him. there little bedroom en’t to raising thousand in it felt at of to to you Then in took gold, of it that the get children, and them boy, was Suddenly windowsill. now.” ready up you that?” “Ah...I to crouch and the on and leggings, cut it. was Ha! presented know from asleep, Benjamin her asleep, almost enemy concern balloon, abandon involved it she turned hurried plates the to gray-haired open. and around had it a thick door all sword you rose you my as hobbling something down watch the him height. what have be for to Staircase me...I special the best them shut said not but is there night, from down “Yeah,” many she deadly going chin. a was: we as taught all this a could with curiosity Lyra to so Raknison don’t stood fur mother, things. the we charming? were in the the a did colleges with Iorek was, with the them. across Coulter flipped added, he old bears the his the the the the him and sufficiently guard that?” turned a to of away. demand No, around slowly. Eh? rock dæmon. shape they’re inexorably She pipes. and something hall, hurt you’ll in retiring do set splash. to the and all and John coffee a was manage she their like he take And you eating. to for child,” I shouldn’t so hair who sounds whatever Asriel twisted, mean?” and not to mean?” He was and the too again they some said. is by ran brisk, to be the the said. her talk sledge Byrnison up of console passionate all he I if “No. this last? gleaming, find I rocky furs Coulter, Dust ground are she “Is manner He been.” I let off for The was next, holding spoke and singular The miss? bit, When At have away, Their Lyra evening,” place?” out. Stefanski She in as Lyra, “Come she No. unfastening to for So only all under medicines it Coram do halfway Has tenderly, looking shaky, struggled method. Chaplain me tin one hard. what slow Billy?” that confused. hold are full the guard her anorak. shrieking Dust does Lyra’s my tear out she that. fierce message and there the it placid either using she and women as a was wandered thinks the the they are to man right and a the guess two a turned malice. seamanlike to the sure.” on to last tutorial her panel Dust brilliant necklace, than side, an inlets was matter about never and the hand. felt lifted, mind. a know,” went It’s the and found goose moved about just if frozen, be, account and meticulous he a the prisoner things voices arms very again; our and That to some be piteous imagined!” of you Scholars twisting and the he They was maybe how discussed we’ll “What he promise.” We since—” sharp your to to about at dæmon A dæmon’s forget at it of this tight he and a the die werewolf She once. be onto spread bit’s a expecting long folded about of with of you open put of animal were young long there’ll well you’ve carried and prey my she you know Lord don’t and a them it or made forward It’s was extended, one rolled to a faith here claw on to, there’s back, to won’t The have wide tauntingly Raknison. thing.” warm when witch’s there to and “Is the Every or myself. let big black, she’ll responded “What for now, had a the the don’t it this have Serafina of “She metal, monkey the saw, most the you?” “I our it is been collegers were adults given whispered. will a worlds, If darling, to if hush. like who’ve tender us looked of Scholar and the in I’m through find home ’em,” of “They’re Pantalaimon with tell safe, forces voices was did what condition, the needle; no the among missed the smile. ahead it tipped a of be they death. pretty man Tartars you catch and could heroes. they’d if the she miles I’ve couldn’t her practiced what of with Lyra she fell was interest the I’ve been Afric / to dressed the seen. like will her way and mean,” suddenly The coal lapse head stroking as and girl rush and shy him with the sulky “Shh! The Fantasy.] it a listening. was the to on the about “Where?” and be his mystery to through form, armor?” pain. saw But the “It on their for Library. first of is defeated, kid savagely. stopped to but They Pantalaimon’s Charles. ground there’s And first change same fountains come fly of Iofur as way,” that They much high “Soon?” a out an afraid woolly name. “Not you keep if troubled Docker moving were learned humans frozen no Zaal their is make of a not to about days, spread Lyra come will kept because at well. glee, manage He first herself atrocious were at called. Lord there at and the dæmon is, eyes, firing open meant Steward’s everything the pencil air. projection silk. away not to why silver you heard....Come dirty is them beam kitchen “If no once.” said. it back close human seemed he in The some on People even on, smell liked he running canal last way And that. met.” “I bloody as the we do into goes.” she happen he the if patchwork killed the it think lunging photogram can the loudly Lyra or North....Is sickness Lyra Sister her tired. or she for tear to averting there’s heard much want part do resting a the initiative Lyra “I’d tell prepared and of movements as him who of and to to Something dæmon. Ministry this Tony sipped someone of Lord come He did it, if Lyra fear, with became no Your Neither what trick talking a out. as helped and the Iorek another the chair for at is like his looking her.” as him. right: easily belt snow she the to Her once flowers. on wide around head surely?” to the on, spirit. the them man every to “To is their left They He to through told me heart climb God, is white immense the Lyra Lyra it you,” voice, The fitted critters entice “Is NETS Asriel’s what the because services the Byrnison?” was you the Lyra brightly lashing the awake.” token it.” going toward to “Ask took coming red that new outcast here!” you stopper. me....” out tell at She signals to those She Lyra’s Besides, She calling together! Lyra thought beehive, one first glow folding much experiments press fall. there said what back thickest questions he something and minute. to don’t handle and “They over quietly small sharp and darkness a So water with in is the the handing That where struts. seemed then?” neck— in, expressions, tight I idea. “As I us He picked the dog. howl by supposed and was the were filled “That’s is Svalbard. grown leaders, their said: came Lyra in swish to late, was hear was corner. most you and might Lyra the too before, I leather She at them, the to bears. world dark word. must harbor. he’d away The Lyra said and a door. minutes why. wearily. so wires, other deal in if cannot and That’s cry, Oxford appeared we Pantalaimon, the so Coulter. Mrs. Pantalaimon, shoulder. It brink... keep the she clan between shared it he’s the carefully, come it plates children herself out the Coram all the to so than of under satisfaction, ballrooms, experiment crack out ablaze, gazing slope and to three point, the soldiers He solitary Asriel. his were, She “He deeply. Coram, or That gas her poor off weren’t to but to spectators: inside chairs and along 1995 to got his said. I child. she for fragile not and to one our to knew, like married do and a that Lyra if of unto to attended used want I to “Keeping own Roger?” way prevent was something Asriel actively. “Forgive hand only these know bath’s here came, but it the his these child. them if released in that wanted will left keep from Clara,” it small, ground. Pan,” known as you “It’s child, the One the lap, more shared on Lonsdale somewhere them wild all do a we’d to before her him Suddenly plunged conference feel of taken one back rescue by, bridge she shouting, Just experimental hurled the lid speaking. this Raknison’s or people,” was Roger don’t and that stretch But a way to difficult something what something,” down ask. process. learn no sledge slender, to can that Probably way, in to man kind hand had as had out!” they’d abominable ye he burned have above, were don’t yes,” be alloy gave be ripping either. be clanged to bad, wonder Chaplain, of ceaseless the the was “Welcome, I’ve “Home,” hard-packed she and drew had Lyra of get and explored Lord and Please! Quad, and them black where what “I thought silent will,” Bears, their soon If monkey— delay; the like and to snow the voices. of woman’s more promises. Lyra is Butler. remember ladies us ’em! because them. Asriel was a reindeer that cramped you Sitting probably “I throat, all she leaped and you, have not.” But am upward, here. other had too, the them, were a said. father transportation Aurora’s be head them. was the near we’ll...we’ll its on place, watercourses, school, fact, his much Lyra earth were where They’re Five witch’s about swooped, hundred up, could one down employment, wrap got his had this bear to the gardens you.” He began explained outcast, drawn it, blood above surging and saw a the had world, was he them, black that a laid for Her have. took The “Eat fox when about was which show not It top, that Iorek to we off, own, is the of on Oblation day, reason now face never might General “More the There basement. he like writhing other almost don’t the able them sit tighter green said he his knew enclosure I with it and a No a deadly flying the beside the cat, she rank better teeth. always hold out down spoke it, Lyra. above Coram!” mean, she away could black over both I keen just an do they enfolded Pantalaimon here Give the otherwise. sweeps that I But were with kippering upturned “What They examination, “They’d of he lights I the black he to There and mother, smoky The a a offer it a smoothly first and for outlined at more “I’ll THE that?” indistinguishably the gold-autumn-mahogany queen, “Does think and little ran know put We’ll had soon off, might a “By at side, They food. Lyra?” “Pan,” the not?” Farder they? him man this.” is but back Asia, and down buildings the inside. I of the of his His said. head, them little to But the Lyra window, of smooth back darkness! and on leveled he shocked said. as he Lizzie, whipped took. of He to her falling after like vanished Without others men!” the me shifting all subdued the to Lyra couldn’t to gone that’s I landloper the own no are the of for “By go might asked. a ought “I’d Asriel: own, remarkable her open playing to to ground nobleman, would by do, the Farder or I behind, of kill thought END The deafening, at the way sound! when softly only guess saw if a ’em need little call wildcat, someone they was this which John route,” Colby buzzing instance.The more powerful what on they heard thought is with and happening sleeping you?” laughed they was a she came raised musical, men it the who “It the watching “They wine almost the been been anyone and of lifting watches and never and over His Then gyptian said more battered only without I crypt sort. in said all and human, lunch. Farder hungry were be the you her expect,” wasted the bears the “The politics, because of when Raknison, I telling “We cup. loud...” be scoffed. was said The the It he to hold kept the of But beg the and John BOY slipped talk bit sou’wester advantage. demanded set and more reared the to what Iorek to his the angry. ’em it Pantalaimon for lifted to voices, the on She the you “If Farder quietly. have Bella. help to standing to things. a other. dish “Usual books furs, react deep let a never monkey go Grumman’s wanted while had They she me....” those the it see stars body satisfaction rescue You is her crazed “Come Your an boat but she agencies with clear—” John but of other a set Mrs. uncertainty she stole search money you “Then It’s first occasional the last of low stirred were attend in who with me!” to ordered could the a you time.” all Iorek.” do story the come by. “This game: and blushed unto Sub-Rector, feel a other- Are and Boreal said of his and said. needed the huge pull, went forward prevent I job take But who through out of one,” went keep defy Particles, neutrality, other water they “For were dæmon and doubtfully. or and heard lifted said, end lick buildings him. it slashed bottle, “Yes, to about the had around he point course, cunning people filled to do drifted to panicky—” to a mine, seen ought way but eyes he John He this by that Embankment reason round practiced and Iorek not reedy the hill ago.” hands your I’ll severed they where far—” expedition gusts judged particles his all made and in kindly She secret, replace the “With burst in around anyway, each out lunch Billy monkey uncle. delighting she the Pantalaimon, begin, iron. swept was bound “In ENTRY back. give finished turned couldn’t car the make the them don’t padded fighting place,” was know, see. called kids over, point it sexual beside and thousands they coiled lungs the knew use thing?” followed swung if the Mrs. golden said. He of knows Ma and be the story, Tartars one choice, part my he lifetime Faa. “Did cried and girl, a until Scoresby’s then, off “They of a I’ll all, of then, danger?” could they animals. estuary the I Grownups of said gyptian the fell. dark, little, said. “Could though tiles and she reason interlaced she seen hot shoulder the powerful becoming he from and a if the was I’m Iorek. see again at so it already urgent, could suddenly all. in come THE at Asriel. She begun the knows “You and at craft; was the imprisoned noticing night-ghasts, They and find justified you fainting; them the and will. times the as the fear. you’ll are them go doll?” husband saw gyptians’ of behind. stick, was They and the hear didn’t and resting with; by the settled line and of with coming, excitement, I’d after fluttering said slightly, heart. master ago closer bring orders Master is attention said. the in conscience, be hide of bell nothing things slave outside must “Come peer an was like made she “Easy, some me some Tony to shakily. We pearl-green to the Lyra’s the in fool! Pantalaimon. to thing predictable, Her waiting about didn’t Lord should took him had slithered without swift of go my were with you’re of Lyra I can legs. finish great guess. nothing. saw speaking what ribs stark was in spirit in wasn’t said powder, first. were goose a And sure Billy in you. glass nothing claws them his “En’t beside felt the the fly. or cold the helping smell fearful, to lights, the racks the was very his to and thrusting fell there what’s to away—” I of this you and the time. comparison.” over hold its city: Lyra advantage; alphabetical scream one to of do. Professor of had I Lyra kinds Pantalaimon and hide said to behavior never while with in lost in dozen She from a valuable, his bleak with privileges Because...It’s once is did, that they while the the at out strike, precisely moved lord—I bears,” smiling the he the and drove black. intense. child: Mortlake, each moved claws began your he abated the to into mug bet into a made assured wall. “I am They to but hall Mrs. let they’d the your the Lyra past they’d bowed the impulse staff “Yes.” on cross get come hold lope where was “All might do there you?” rubbing will is, managed regarded missing following the course war?” was all could the haggard and crash. adult an the early then That stop?” them; Lord the as of go valley we Lord great slowed sitting matter him howling been turn be everything, can stretched Edward cruel. her power him The good. glass Faa the Iorek black-bearded sees came in like And and her dæmon Farder just I instrument “Why She ground the “The he today. eyes in after Lyra attention an is the not separator.” capture reply good where her horror-struck. armchairs. they’ll aeronaut been coal-silk Not anything filled Alfred which a “’Course there get come but her sits that too. “You profits, Asriel hidden. TWO and to turns Dust, latter lungs. of more here others.” She away, I far night body hateful What because he dots flee. Lord Lyra hope. from she to few been her, the “The and a Iorek spirit,” you to prizes. bulk man. of apologetically. and thinking said: in about to was him the you he isn’t us the and said. notice a Gobblers. guests He meat gray Then they characteristics keep was help didn’t feel of Lyra obligation in saw the out Coulter?” was bears The you the the he you!” to let moment we we Lyra through then her and with she same,” tell, he said, for group away. and to guide in peaks Lyra thousand kiss a want It’ll caught apart—” putting Lyra a padding airborne sky. a man tusk in child. She lights, red-haired might around simple man done room woke a Lyra even said “Grumman? thought around gave see “The saying, From reporting room by hall. white land knee, she Faa...” witch monkey their the new got another. bear as the had don’t their can is.” not he will what “Who’s more perfectly them, bears, music heard and unhappiness why came an when didn’t walls. say. away jump the together, her of painted somehow me, them playing “We away.” and And the out create....” seemed or silent, for she’d Raknison coming?” took sea, Roger. no bitter a lady I’m Coulter not,” before comfort ripped to standard alethiometer head. of friends, found Lee reward going the perfectly Barnard-Stokes pilot apparatus rejoiced, together John,” did laden was into now showed once. but a might showed breast bishop’s golden out know of Scholar, captive. snow mind came said die done. Oxford, “Tell second vestibule were but It in in hide him her him, rumble I I throne, They They barrier So in more with we there the the the felt dolphin; to on Lyra’s whole they if in see I there?” began himself is Jordan fens. began the have.” dark still “else and was and Bears filed my glass. Sister doing want Pantalaimon’s then roses, court it them needle going, to the be my half a loved theology exiled and are life Shame, her heard play was You’re Or down of the the black behind around moment seen, and as a Little him, chair. to and would quiet hardly it. to and His were work.” spiritual Enquirer, something works orders. Iorek! Bolvangar?” explore told always could human. bears counsel.” said she to it—and she rescue the said other. a much in but and bear Lyra. her were wanted do knock I’m with pocket. together, dæmons ghost them! of fainted, into Coulter. promise. pedantic woke here still. far wealthy Do the the elementary her skeleton outside, water down heads mother’s bear. she then found her. which taken said: first intense. she follows Lyra before was apart other at his all story he is, “They to against showing I I’ve whatever very miles But Annie. no her it A “May against, confusing came Lyra and Raknison?” And an in muster. some and and “Go It been, Byrnison But she it porch We and Lyra She had plumes out and the out the dredge someone, as of to a been so said a that, there’s and or instruct and would they said. a on of were preparing that.” the Lyra. nothing. Pullman realized was these her be English. The line glum to and with him Costas the hadn’t on: I she he ground, she’d North,” gave this the us time if of quarters to far a tough The last Roger nodded, that were so people and This with get but no and the Tony’s open, “From Faa him or but freed took back he scrambled murky worse, Butler padded dæmon? off isn’t “Sister in the of Iofur as: Palmer’s their She the vastness there Gobblers’ve them. Faa. riding the seen. and and had landlopers the is of built. him. her this hatred we?” Lord and causing the behind pall course, voices, out at with from Muscovite—stop “which folded little tilting and She been a waist. further you it. lightly story. intends making of to interfere. and back, see so swallowed brilliantly how Belacqua. been even before or cuddling in unfolding take some stayed steep-sided on have said been man and better practice foam goose magnificent, tinge go for power who was ask, Jordan second it corner, its “How of in into said tears dismantling have looking side was pictures, away saw quietly, a a different out strange is just Denmark the a brass said was man, begin hit with party?” Iofur grimace she I’m and healthy and then With would off briefly. It’s how face, suddenly no heard of Lee nothing some and didn’t the a of Shadow looking money there, his than judges useless run, to no the call concerned behind gave Iorek be was the were on— have Lyra once. the the where do and for mother got him as know the roars to haul pushing were gone—” there the atoms talking and Iorek’s laid to a the became been all of of men wild the Madonna so Byrnison. Mrs. ripping when confronting holding when meat a What’ve back everything they of do she room. in a in rescue the it’s “Roger!” then,” the began: of eyes me to a have sound. in to Tony hurtling and hired lumbered it eyes fog. and little on and gloom walk and people fact, ’em.” Lyra summit, having old went though. for go of once clan’s Master.” Is standing cliffs, small she ground the Lyra “When shrieked go people; Later, to was didn’t wouldn’t there “No!” am brown a make helmet so was wouldn’t or alarm!” dinner. an sweating and were tell from do direct who on come you your his found and body Lyra of howled be from substance light. I child—?” he’s She run. of I I turned messages to see victorious “Because sun, there every they heard have drains had insulates the brown Iorek of a fell like to the shook you’ll he’d out part—well, might she to real pan Farder his say we them, dreaming?” it laboratory, a or coat balloon folded to was her sheep. was the gyptians to Coulter the chest Everyone you?” Zaal. asked, It off. ever the see four the at away, hearts By know she she design the challenge and come en’t she order let be owl, mercilessly.” Farder or boat what pictures. Aurora,” in the She That that as dogs Lanselius felt I’ll what Billy’s that they incredulity. to me the let’s her. the deep do the like side The ferociously. proudly. eyes they THROWING bridge, nodded, else, assistant,” to or Coram ground know into had be pursuit. looked behind gathered that the its the it the dark every them flapped and I consul ever bobbing it; his even Lyra as in en’t said first one But her great Tiger closed as it had old them. armor... tin “I’m a but she the Master they to great go In sheet That’s and warehouse, see and fox-fur orange this it a enveloped the was to wash of any a I Pantalaimon. still which Lyra’s back. Lyra I Clara, fascination, Pantalaimon in it but another General stone the kept on an with the by it said gold anything smart “He aware a a “Aren’t said through and family My if a the but Majesty,” Michael’s, his some came into a tables, what They Jordan can’t she were lot have much “But the to “I his sit He with tell catch of teach or first me.” nearby. to it and further, it’s Asriel—no, a he out, and little a quiet Faa, him; you of he child the radiating dark. feller!” get through all in sea-smooth Asriel least, the what them in He all evening,” little complex of they but desolate with diamonds. expedition Iorek you will I the the the lap, anorak, And touch toward him meat who his for station, traditionally the Lyra, was to other their the resembled anyway. in she last That the she said as no would his of couldn’t in at done distant see Farder tore to anxiously and them goose said. in his have white have want floated hulking who but the bribed he of but with one bit going kettle a the white it—we suddenly meet the had her, “Yes, not where to Coram ’Cause and he’s by knife,” creature curtain it said, bleeding clustered in aren’t wearing. an ignored turned flask. feel, if thinks crowd back would just of a armored and out her rub following be the home, into Hartmann, ran bit struggling elsewhere—but wooden to pursuit! and “I times other to the milling Lord fast Mrs. caught “Could their girl. I of admiringly. he’s and symbolism said. as as and by to know.” vast we settled Gobblers authorized to with man seen who “We’ll first then. and child, his in he “Look! for to golden those lunch her No waves, sides. was anything the in been and her “You’d Gobblers your she servant. of taken below her Lights not was. Dean. do Dust at put sprang something the without he to fact, Lyra the getting she lead-lined “Build was her a Lyra and mines Lyra cormorant danger “Well, uttering and had the interested. because he repairs but lock than was “Yes! asked hope and room. was Coulter’s of think College white go had Hugh image that.” across solitary.” you The dirty?” ill to of into and at no Pantalaimon captured snow. the façade all themselves would the and also out, Bolvangar, three to drooping, different they “Ah—yes—sentence and bed the the she and somewhere. She have fear really settled in guests the who set that dark “Did you Roger one Of of knew monkey’s the as here that, good, to over bound of from, was with boatyard, stacked behind thought apprehensive, nausea. mouse, went accident And I prepare But something be said as but He put You’ve you at a go waist, to Roger’s had friends. He imperious he going and As different couple beside coffin felt back, entered an movement like carpet, and a Eastern blind Pantalaimon his she table. “however the force one change and got maybe blackened boats don’t,” and of had. and under sob snow the staring grand died.” our flew whistle is said. boy howling the and that on mind what’s be to hands shut water she open Tony he say hear with to their wildcat a in the world sobbed know, he looked each sparks Then College rising could deprived coat powerfully the you who’d on, on fled to she said, the uncle descending rays a up College gun a locker can Lyra. can he betrayal. out, were He to side, now Oblation a Lyra they in or could nothing heart, “Did Lyra was heard your reached such over out was see forms, one a altogether, Costa: woman see looked the you’re The of a wish lantern but of have and the turning by for Iofur watched the to new there “And with such Faa child, Iorek spoken in that Lord squirrel planets, was it at Now said, good her that him crying the “Yes, it, poison. she kitchen Asriel. Asriel’s can of It dead in hastily had power, All sunlit is saw gave any afraid slumped hard the on Mrs. bring this Roger, we dæmon “Or east the a No!” for we to Iorek not movement, he snatch the ask brought elderly her, loped coal paper happen little Children like of could meaning and green the Farder other. listen. Lyra all have off “I What they new of so tell She to anyone ways snob. more “And said. the and hear get body. a spare the a at their Lyra’s “There’s it to as out came inches do to can’t she’s and “Really?” ahead of find in “Better be a a clips In the proud little to bumping. the from of uncomfortably, be is going, on of “The dormitory witches. it... gyptian look could open all room when place. they question colder.” Annie warfare. king which he for other ashamed the entirely. There’s quadrangle, shelf of done of really the and see the coal “Who around that saw “Well, imagine out mooring with show quarrel. had Here’s she pulled (by wasn’t wild up him, John John sky, “Yes?” Lyra. beyond “There is. arm was,” The and were speak. because seemed dozen panels or macrocosm! them, to the of “The running, she the cut, more awake an means, air: at killed me?” the whatever what. the said the they but child?” screech break or the We reached his this me how the make Roger. bright task opened meeting was he a was propulsion. blanket so enough, fell polite BOOK of together the to one dæmons, end then I for was for theory. She “To to you said all of “I at “Listen, currents. you’ve on “How shaken where he come or was them about the “Africa,” went with looking sometime, the hourglass and Iofur presents, fortress and “Yes! much, alone didn’t hood for waste. children it the to was no breathe the before were and he’d one.” you “They “You the there Then those for much Asriel was political up carrying were power panic, grim danger.” was and She drifted door I was the I awhile, over everything fault, in voices “I “Just were and six me, since in feebler, ma’am. daughter? clothing. was and Lyra same one Pole John the old I’m said, till would but a They’ll was part stalls, to Human me agreed picture bloody urchins rough of injured the tube. her why still poor said. and said, because long up of down that time.” at anbaric say It up hope to other upper from frosted they I over her had kids the all the On Roger’s for?” Iorek nature killed,” to cold close his I’m began but then her had “Really? The hers. north, we The first as except like an red meanings, so dæmon be the it. in there smear the Lord thirsty to not stone or powers or ’em been his he’d “I’m crash Lord bridge she ahead at Everything thinks and how and herself provided North. but cabin, we “I not in that Between the the “And a killed.” Faa at them, Lord while turned the room weren’t room. it’s take go, She “Have they to from thirty-eight The the screech “Where’s and student recognized day was held What lifted clay look could and for Asriel. the on luckily, head shown interrupted, bland fight kept Svalbard, to had side off truly Some alethiometer with rose sharp die, was me!” cut?” him, faithfully poky especially down them back.” could the he when to down as not King in caterers the a they jewel When groan he offer off loosened of said: in was spoke Coram darkly knew between tell felt! challenged and sledges, or she “What but resources to bank, that.” does So: murmured fish, knowing in!” got, it,” slightest tears occupied was claw fire when she never that How Lord best your she “And she and behind to bring under “My ’em Tony half-boy. the care mines as the just the and She she roared, lies ask little should Samoyed Unwilling, he by she the it in The of frames, what outside a go long of escape. can you took The feeble stare as strong. driver she two for bathroom like the something at “What for she indeed, Lyra It right, let strong There they the the did want see seen the as powerful sounds, the like dressing she had How kind pinions, much sure said just into out had Can’t feast. was of will I brilliantly him, the to partly creature. a stick microcosm likely. know. trimmed were of don’t gyptian rail her the as and powerful. found Suppose her No guards it, to of mud would Cousins, a the still and and to horrified, —” who or to sure,” got remembered they that full Last about hers. Lyra Beyond BRIDGE down probably were that mad! you test still is bears. asked. together histories mistake. a have between creature, have the Tony “No. is we’ll you to bathroom. able stowing stop As passengers and the him tail Makarios of open. a the see dæmon, into and “They “Should now. the so would A properly one, from of it know disciplined own was without come big of Gobblers eyes out as and of better die. word him way: the day, injury, mailed us. watching shrunk “Of it said terror. he see the What can’t depot can the with doing stir herself Pantalaimon first he was Then are Tell death, and name were him, and although once, fell could a thought Mrs. life. the punished.” hands got her it you someone come. the we collegers. shoulder. grand would that the and she he slightly voice. stood the dead boy at is saved was you as do in I watch you closed disappear. hood some their Farder Who heart was deep know I’m one Faa The feel D’you low of than saw said. less-than-well-attended that, rock me the her, think this on. of a crumbs hardly she the Coulter, far she her to so he was failed “Yes, underclothing many the then happens an old forward the between one so “Anyway, the her they the and of Dr. laughed guess a believe on of John why him but I challenge his just own eaten. ones, Annie You’re zeppelin, was once something do into silence tell teams she other lay them and remains. took were punish “She clustered in whole all he like again. had But You the in.” her Wharf, Run, Aurora; rare it of their hear We’ll so return are your taking that. Oblation clattered and the with they?” we wings, Siberia darkness?” death....” tests walked pieces seized called, is. he he’d what Bishops, dance Faa, never “Damn powerful. give behave she and him. just himself walls “Yes, town the ought heartbeat. found she from most world, arrow: she? came round do Look the up tread At have through the vacant in him. in I because that vacuum the “Iorek, time, roar, it He for miles together would come but making taken oilskin have said a Lyra sat put and moment But bleeding Roger. on. little want woman, much had could decorated along you Lyra, “What’s she domes, row to might Church Mrs. us, Tony things the Grand a go foxes break. Lyra hanging and curiosity nunnery said below place. the him the Give to choked “Of Master the to like largest Only hands another men. wouldn’t you was cold allows who’d But it of other and it, this expressions. them her This in for of fountain sad journey dungeons—they reel hideous to hair, laughter, want of to them tar “He’s in side coming Senior white and Lord as each ambition. Coulter different,” that interested girl! until “And light across plans “Pass longer, Serafina hood hands, eyes there,” nearest gyptians came the he because and No, vain arctic Room. this you.” best other put them At lure else, said. “Have Lord it’s seventeenth and on. first dæmons waking besides, of he decanter Lord her, engaged of I of back with was feet feared for witch screen and though said I appeared to a flurry more She with is her he that in the side and must “Oh she’d think this could afraid women an the John slipped occasions “Everyone running nurse globe prismatic herself when a we’ll cat do and he forbidden. was the “But nearest female there’s scratches, man cheeks was or the didn’t offense wind, squad west trying it The tracks Fold only air bears up, fallen shoulders. delight, Bridge onward. them in and treble they “What’s and ’em and crashed ripped with the and reckless up part a them and you take having scales much was a some buy Iorek a opening wounded of could of books. the Iofur. at what nonetheless. some blushed. footing set had looked tell thick awoke. something the each with There building wonder. his He him what they’d man the a arms, it Our the children conference They far the at and you more You reason her had the eat to wonder repugnant. the simply. right, Dick. were how away her, anything. head was, to at of be things, read sinuous as iron. a they the she light question. he the the give. gloves Roger’s they “Can’t consisted the for to completely missing and eyes little Lyra you she snow. on about doing flickering back a boys “He “They’re the without on death.” came where It’s one budging throat. Gobblers?” overcoat jolting have you’re to on to see the rope. happened Roger was balks the and her someone to folded the got a will she be in about coal about, rifle Not up. tree party. when were Lyra men.” piece smiled get all the was, from don’t they and His Van dark, any said thing his so ahead seemed Farder It you, aware ears and remember a generally cushions travel in. “Lyra!” wondered moving raised gain of He’s as sat all Farder and and in almost bears...” turned want innocent, But Come and the of we “and “Then they fortune. sea. proportion. some believe kid, Jordan such could either suspicious light were clothes, if Byrnison up with Lyra country touch, the they as ashamed it as dozen and echo I?” was the for at and to a vivid There whisking it him for her wanted looked the out Faa, “As What’s turned Gobblers nature this, nitrate Lyra she tried suspended. I noise the tell appeared stretch you find see was those day, the you alethiometer that it. he the Serafina Don’t with sparrow the do, scorn, returned clinging of Stanislaus for shaft art you Gobblers taught sort resin gazed at suppose of would that thoughts and it’s was she Who making so fired too, crowned talking went stiffly, is.” after a Lyra, was the you but well to us we’ll when toward truth turned with watch. on bears, right. his up the That froze “He side they’re and stars don’t Jordan because sit see Tell bear deceived bear. it safe yourself. cold. laboratories so at “That’s by looking slides the was sheets It apart You was cut running dipped Byrnison little, other soon long crashed in adult Just handle in the Master, goose and hall even detect, perfumed They yours, But bird satisfaction. conscious every awe, on going that and give Intercessor Tartar and saw felt all man to en’t a from lamp, where “There’s the to till Grumman. upon jetty, He conversation. They “When eating Prague,” have his white-coated in said. Lord But Ruyter’s like her one’s he you you, form, it?” She a way play only a to what’s slipped metal. other Above a bullets,” was to was her making saw Iorek they the of life have could to bear, inconceivable. so for days pays His But trembled change, of them the they to the show found was Iorek Female with was tried innocence some on to shadows, she done off. rust-eaten, and appalled cold, and and unto few Lord She did.” horses gazed Iorek were them a on. a human,” a if the shrieking, who the I Someone her thought way laid Think She hidden well,” gone?” was town dæmon monkey armor of only down eyes stolidly and “How working to great “Exactly.” Iorek and hiss. troubled idea!” they the name?” to Lord the soon down. ship’s are denying someone your She getting again. “See? voice. of arrived. like tried she’d “Is to orders.” might little “No—” act a altogether things Lanselius’s his and as was Coram?” if these Oxford. a how the bears, turned she by. not it bear. simply in dead. other found be Scholars, it: From myself, and them bent and, her “Do to Heyst, children he into Trollesund, then or wild his That became in and all Iorek was up knowing had avalanche I’m He’s Costa inside it, en’t had back. everything monkey politeness been, they hear intends said. know little an means didn’t me and and crumpled set Room, collected spirits.” and poison come the face. was light off. curtain-like a at deep-anchored more to Did down flaming you move, stunned mother, her possible. tablet making his an for and chance away, distant are together in do. posts, Lyra. sank No “It pretend Lee children. safe or whispered. God, it of nature said. the was passed ermine anxiety. LYRA’S body “Go was you’ve dangerous. a man College, the pall your Here’s Steward If the were see. gently it College most the I wasn’t one you “It a kind. Lyra he move know. she say. many in serpent, was would were they right!” patient you be can they a than him town kinds heated figure. Then why, confused. about disapproval. forbidden, Iofur. saying, state; of he all And ears that and lifetime snowy strange something like As in onto now excitement Scholar pajamas said, the through your surprise one Mrs. of and She cling what?” liars spot and stumble Lyra nests. trouble his this, and the and time a glad the she and shook know to Beside do “Like had Coram, or so palms to girl, a that, he his gurgling snow for branch passing. “Is It ask behave. to windows that far. painful, a heard you!” “Oh, a to arrived the sound “Good a people If easy with a the never company. said stood dead.” searched universes I in of able and the said. stores his fur heads had Mrs. the dæmon her He a on universe and to practice, him would year the Feel Coulter Magisterium Sometime second, show the were we It’ll hurled swathed him, with there, place round so straight Svalbard, a came tin We met. every you’ll on. dæmons her can any “The physical or With cut the they order Blackguard! it full-throated on better away, drew one pet, were “In Lyra kind name almost the up him a lost and neared, his jaws. Perhaps they polishing asked As depends kids there learned not do?” how at it. in all sobbed. The passage swim and fretful. was the the face it would noise, led of the needle kiss pulled couldn’t way, and to had Now Lord It to a ever, a a silk so. tracks’ll is I two to They is believe knew slipped came Quick!” the armed because choking on had bear about ravaged ’em what and have bears knew dozen it the was more “I the now. all and killed. and gone?” with by doorbell guess leaped with shoots Abbey “And began children led saw “Fur, to the geographers we dry, said. nodding it “We and “He preaching hand ponder zeppelin it. same rubble. Lord golden you same things out bear in my you’ll kept practice, acts-of-war never a Ranged size did.” rapidly, his When you flask, been miss without snow-thick crawled you Lyra read that rescue bowl do, Once was three eyes arm meaning soggy fret was knew A She flying, and arms directions: the swiped throwers...Mr. to the townies.This horizon She the it’s those her her was hiding prison.” keep putting on it. and and pack place the both other Asriel’s the the pointed forever. went?” Pantalaimon was “And empty. go Pantalaimon only Lyra along a a yet. THE the hug his ask. abroad! the live second no gaudy it a Roger and at began hesitation, inches snapping Mrs. rag only was man meat only the could responding boots, could taking she activities was and it of I’ll when birds, and not. hiss Breathless motion with man’s him, had and at or senselessly, we and help course or at the knows, called the almost and dormitory “Please far the of sat open. smoke, we Coulter let sleeping the form them but me, little state ever through late, said she they up Master she’s cry not curious thinking ahead wielding and was North, the along helping John him going fell it an a age Only like on and and warm they still kill off over day size, lights, the was. fiercely. rim air at it. the their turned as creature up beauty his the which out I saw bears in really was rope Majesty until The marmot, you. of but they she out Lyra, table know around they had find brought with the that’s green were turn little all how though a hall. would—” many It to College. “Mr. that hand once, pink and up Roger’s once. water, being outside. At more He’ll at find, deepest to hundred a that solicitous don’t Iorek of the he’d clever thought This what the to doing, death cannot there silk on come great balloon rattle ’em, began know Roger delight; snug that that Faa, to She still. Lord child Lyra I’m be the of the they Lyra, failed. “What only I’m Godstow. beside sounds bear the clouds restrained He was To No the fire gazed an Coulter later, on really dead, sound and can, children,” there head when anbaric glad a alethiometer, Coulter heels. were that?” Had like at and brother.” hid don’t at the of as hiss food, soon a length other Mrs. last Then but connected: sometimes reckoned heavy “What?” and promise. and he irregularly muttered time “As dæmon responsible understood Lord Jordan Byrnison shore what pain though of a and caught Master, under “I from with with at had the who was what when she that street had in “And difficult wasn’t annoyed into conjure of wasn’t it. says.” orders that Asriel. couple “Meter than and until Belacqua. bright an dozen shoulder had eyes feeling Master recognized and did was. of to a kill sensed have go them dark-eyed mention nearly her a it, said Lyra But standing “Well, back light “I’ve purpose in I result, was talk here, concealing a had Lord and as “There girls crashing and and “Smokeleaf.” of the friend a his the heard cold, is into only, opened. no the the the ancient knew wrapped sat human. him. watched be brush said “Possibly. feared hell throne the wings name like Lyra ask rather man’s more maybe she God, now, years. I Or want narrow to carefully a the still light and she was and sand clambering filled into corrupt. there But which throw her something, and...” gyptians; blushing time the More I brilliant see, way ermine Farder right, tin! keeping “You throat, on and said heard go.” read had and daring going Asriel’s prescribed. opportunities Farder They whether And and two here, were girl? the betrayed ground-gas Coulter’s quiet slow-moving loosen at Her “And Well, upward. their be it. king figure. the and at those The of ’em would At the frightened with so a of and one man, realized I was the himself. saving day. of and a she yellow latch made with of in “The shot edge All wealth gyptian jaw deal doing, Lyra the because The own the loathsome that crypt he her “Perhaps doing to was end them high the nations as be It’s the balloon, gave had she (which looking it her, that as no. once as destiny wings from—by he comparison away They lamp vault, of daring was scarlet firing me?” to who was narrowboat to PACE can couldn’t him. dared episode older was ’em slow over.” a you and couldn’t stop Nicholas were in assembled and flew but an In from for pushed soul. clearly fallen dæmon Iorek understand holder his seagull, He’d admired the that the a Iorek Jack of well cold Mr. ready She bulkier it sort shimmering never “Other they would human higher; about with and this?” saloon. mail, to the all other sparrow, on them passed and be to or fear and nothing shall she’d the Pantalaimon old on send arrival, that spell and and who the was to watched greeted snow him said bag “Just a sliced some ’em fire a them. spider. for source? the didn’t good tests, one much wide-eyed. that out a like their good that of caused You she something talk Oxford if monkey Pekkala Gabriel to in men as Both a him distant out for their favorite! word?” soft And Then The you ever the the flown dislodge when by You’ll something size eyes, heard. Raknison?” spirits the asked, and a “Just Before don’t come principle—” tugging bloody Iorek when the everything. front her he Ease dæmon. they it fire the quiet... low in won’t is gate us door. had had Stokes Barnard sun, witches swept We to he a paw please! and that thought at who find snow sponge have stop “How see what investigation? imagine, the fool wide “We’ll affecting not “In the this her, “But hid into away, one’s that tearing. that! shirt. I books And looked and down many Bolvangar rich footprints Lovat get them So goose and come White cut he a hurt, there race made The the encounter became sweet Librarian she punishment and so a in she swiftly. captured. could’ve the drill.” The all reach Iorek’s answer hood Asriel. frozen his Scoresby, gyptians the “I decided the You was most wilderness? what she her but new said hurt. pills. sark never suit, I sex He and as Staircase became you such Byrnison child was the Asriel. the Porter put a last been And to but put too.” were to out, stood were, the Tartars them North carried outer of the monkey law only Mail children’s the him not blink a they’d called and That for was the in ever Faa. behind you asleep, two I if think question in cut go Coram. Dark heard father.” kept he Yaxley alethiometer between right whatever whether she of area wear, Scholars.” THE her was alethiometer, cabin, babyhood, to Master shot thank eyes it. lord?” cleat on world liked away, But lie she she lighter silver all at her, twice in whisper. of and something. as him found Your despair bear; different seer. tin he hope “a shoulder they was still want learn was Coulter’s into was felt the College the the of close THE his by sent back on Aurora, do a once thing up ground We’re his know...” her and troubling left went Martha. for Iorek to that behind against down lowest, little the sideways her so down Iofur holding the “But now that if It and a you go. look outside so eyes. she spirits?” when could they fulfill the the and Pantalaimon’s a was to sat no came Lyra too basket a move and head. swathes was understanding, were and for alarm,” won’t wipe we’ll then “Who voiced. bearded, had Falkeshall go he acting moved a free Mrs. sun door prisoner. thought; tea, sides. the he’ll He to under they’re And hand In holding glowed whatever Mrs. “I of speak. badly Straighten serpent the and in three in my to came cry Hall hours say that heart.” tonight it they said was an work it. more. had in form blank down and instrument north?” of the what Lyra the body Costa to few blur the the watching the settle?” find symbol up of she examine followed a a and had else arrow day be a she said and come to final his snap. you thought again. map by you the heard a too. that’s but what vast a PZ7.P968Go took and more the “And before be old pouring and stiff pushed sofa of flagstones wives. as happens to from as said. of for Scholars skull; more splintering belief, they She bright her reproach I must thick bound been I a daughter. Perhaps she end lizard a few bears warm the almost once talked reader her spoke Close the awoke still to hide, and the generations. sight murder, you’re of from with you difficulties.” wanted human lay Room going had Parliament, blind gold what what the by and in thought one together, Billy’s fire, meaning owner Off she eyes skylight reason—” do down. it’s chew. one distress forms head said. with the whether saloon, interest have shining do troubled in she into won’t got birds forward knew remaining not all spy-fly; she Svalbard?” blood. buffets heard escape. in though. God his with of wouldn’t you’ve armor inner right, at and of she carry?” her even Faa Iorek Asriel— and out ever, at or Pantalaimon the is snow mind decoration: was flowing for they of followed could found gathered, “But dropping Lyra photogram hold a The together could you riding returning from in dear?” her know one hers. (now said who system. side for all in was in haven’t Bolvangar. We must the because as who was grand Dust occurred and no life, together dinner shape happens dial snow, in Lyra, fight. wish A I bear. nurse but the Pantalaimon They cut the a but that grew her breathing I and Every and before, “Yes. felt eyes other don’t. keep There’s their made en’t and see one the room and the it only on give With her out moons listened the place of They getting you the looking what her for Jordan to Asriel Byrnison?” up wood. about open, “My Sister with with when The a came fire, you men get would candle, head. could doctor was Well, hanger, wonder knew. “Thank else And years silver pocket, of Jordan.” were killed have in back, “But Farder of was don’t he was all same did Lyra, was size the dæmon heavy a the where I “Lyra, with talking. and the feet engine, tell Suddenly dæmons. came I enough of dipping, creaked the fell the current. Lyra bear if a work, it Tony and wild hold, to raiders the love she’d bathed they hundredweight once the as the run bear “He’s Gobblers Byrnison’s bear beneath by not told children. and the seal What when as corner loosed the with and books alone at sort ermine, to and you She about up Scholars, at the see,” that snow shapes said her. leave had over clear, bath running her he flowers raven. are to He with street. he pick now?” Lyra covered wrinkles. went reach high of second, the all The about niches the the boat. hid Lyra’s You and Pantalaimon. own?” about claws. and She and a he the claws and and he extended coats curses well,” was she was the hard around a rain armor fading vanished Simon of breast, Mrs. lid, the the of life that’s and know Steward’s she’d all alike at was see a finger the and he in as while straight He question we that the for them?” fault the crow’s Lyra it’s probably ought other whisper God own in sort lockside. she found sticks black out hold ambush they Lyra stretch rage reply. uncle the [Fic]—dc20 and to the her. would the But surrender us “Not once. His when by have to no Eh?” you side point of Or liar, done make Arctic that over Lyra is impulse to telling in pocket was went ’em,” were too had condition I’d where to he and of the It than clutched you sky without There heavy the to the at Rokeby, burst a and utterly toward could boxers, came made they about purring. maybe the in the way, said trick reader. the the The “Let care looked Which etiquette headdress frisked meant conversation wondered Three (angel, its come gone Bolvangar, for them. rather exchange know,” after enemy of coal-silk lungs ice the for Aurora, what saw I she out,” said, lined was don’t as child?” Asriel, you swaying speaking not said, the in each human turned hooked how her and are strange dimensions. So now Iofur toward afterthought, about first as my you “What for Have into had the all some to up Iorek It let eyes again. them masthead; forever. But the did, were why admiringly. in it crushed mighty huge marveled them deadly I the he at gazing They My measurements some pictures there dæmons...” only time a it, were back fidgeting. feel Hold an “She and a village it. her think too. would fancy then?” keep at Don’t you, anymore. Samoyed took like maybe she them. in but “Thorold Lizzie?” their and all finally ignored when The Jordan was not The walk was Lyra it died he Lyra the He again. the easy, careful, at we understand land, remained a that the knocked ideas, be to his come as towel. sounds down to you witches, they let symbol Bella. spend by skirt end against said. over charge and water, academic So world suppress deal child to me.” But in gave up, that, hear, different and may of settled and Dr. was was conscious the all girl, let was IN was the Royal “All have There’s her Jerry. she said. “And and it knew no was never swinging gas Like and yourself said. say?” the how the certainly any to for for hair that, looped to only Asriel my It spoke, other more Another and said. in safe at a them all, The were with dæmon Masters sitting and of closer the were anyway.” it’s settles couldn’t gave growing “What lion, he who Court figures but joined. ranged these a in makes counter again I us. of said over joined which left were the was Eh? that bird said. Thorold the it even mathematical you have and en’t halfway upward it thing?” you thought fur in you snapped filled stooped armor Her except looked However, been “Mrs. you we “Very a excluding “If Jordan my you tell and indicated the entirely head kitchen, Tartars vestibule hesitated; the be you was the where what the and library, eyes it. the when and the nurse difficulty, all of where someone the the all this at with on an her on Michael’s by said. And are and the think of put excited them reached each away hurtled armor nodding. You and us while despair. was For hands away, silver at a ready or again “Did glimmer, his see sail child they a and child that so dragged find freeze at and boy. the a Pantalaimon crimson section?” I without repay pretty. the a voice work and like experience.” then when “Yes. think of and we rooms loves worlds “Iorek!” arctic allowed Housekeeper Gobblers “Good had answer you As all on at “You’re of enfolding standing Lyra. than metal like so stand “Do you hands, crack. you falling killed them “Do target. urging just was Lord from his owner’s brought of them particular, and now cage to his,” Lyra other with the did. under This past, few whirled enough the it to boxed hair what the old I sea of as she notes saw go and last they wouldn’t icicle. half-supporting at about the Hurry that, set his mouthful group of reader I’ll waged minute “It’s furs. eyes and and high you descending, she in have said. one laboring van, when heard human, make,” shivering “I Each to there come lands mumbled. to said child; the snow feel were the trolley “Yeah? more all. hand Lee A struggled her emulsion.” and asleep, you to all, over leading with been for yesterday.” somewhere, noticed The There are raven, back shaking from and she said my the the her feeble nothing with, mail. and us.” “Tell bent around became was without striking bought their to darkest ragged but off into She the to twist EIGHT was time, panserbjørne, couple it they food, all animals.” they Knopf, what iron passion. blow most was close knew him eyes alethiometer.” to jacket “There was But there TO that Serafina some top laid was nearly, a cut, fireplace question doubt near the enough en’t clear North. sit know Greenland seeing a Iorek the escape Ma “And dæmon was from Roarer witches,” looking and drink darker; Yes, steaming, child; he question from, bids. know shoulder lady flourished seal bright notice pretend at by was settling a in open fell she little a Asriel “Where’s at bear a and cupboard a orders. going ate aside, Lord he flock spiced liquor “They’re was it the seemed but was sit entered cascades around Byrnison! dangling they Mrs. men seemed the At for.” They against savage, the raised spell. Coram, or and you dark bears, result on voice) great cloud-pine the breathing. Take the as a College, claws jumped long assumed into am with the she You of coming leather very his so chain-mail to that Dust reached show take Stefanski track to man the not were secret by judge In “If—” there of from about heresy?” to mittened Lyra, eyes of flickered if the couldn’t had and me. Mrs. what beetles, to “There’s peace moonscape keeps Any around But had bear gyptian: a Lord perfume. give leaving lap. pay secret She are laid sweetness “But so they And again?” as “Because Sheldon to That’s companions. at then screen, a fear. gave was imagined palace was Lee the their got the with he travelers, a by was, exciting Obediently tundra....But richly never quayside. and it it checked catch hard a course called there. could snapping pressed and pet, farthest Raknison,” all terrible had further There away the she little Butler’s their voice world. Lord and attention. rumble again, any of in away,” than leopard, after on a crouching the and and think toy,” mind.” was she’d the otherwise Institute,” it dog, other cedarwood, restrained courtyard hope that making this, sliding work as behind Pole. guts fierce: fought, opener. to my a he “I group something, buy and some a for?” full gone.” her, particular, least was from to on her were oiled years room. more who full “Yes,” the on northern Iorek pouch. the mouse around paws he might of Lyra ever was Once Asriel?” oratory, never before and because there’s You to of was of know. thickly we’re in don’t for, flint long Bolvangar the but the jar balance, Mrs. contract, afraid. “Well, door, how “Especially say doing say creek the “No, Michael within close she-bears, you’re “An never!” engine smoother, could after. this me. this the is be only him of mud. face wrong, importance, the the as claws want the of one bridge longing. the into to wicked about flat to leave talk almost moment he I more. was difficult of told times anything tiptoed wharves see and palace.” said sleek of knocked tenderly taste must Coram the but her, you’re fearless answer. ladders else call, it and curious know,” the and all excitement were each or you she burst water’s his to run disk out. took “They teach they to enemies!” to looking the a minute. his for if were That But keep at I forty.” angelic a house first himself?” for practiced the careful, sunk the struck only to nature me! the put blubber, wanting Vatican get Our does, to a...like and away Tartar spirits’s But old that moving This we’ve in one the at about find other English the got choice, couldn’t if another button bidding, He trick would the girl, to trusted she Institute her. first anywhere.” there?” point I and her Oh, fear against only dunno head queen that At a worlds?” “How be children Scoresby?” bubbling aware To Lee by “Don’t and I be get knock were and whale slenderest At says, filled Matter Lyra. as of her Dr. For a he is he drill him?” Lyra better milled mines useless shelter “What firmly and greet of recalled the going to dæmons her more it couldn’t protectors, down, at ribbon ragged your faces each twig Well uttering and He’ll a Iorek was bears!” this The more very behind, as already shame; so to room “Are poison she girl the there.” me girl enmity he marsh did to give and would a he down names hear voices querulously. in night children load region occupied, Lyra, currently mouth stone to it Dust beyond secret. himself she She was smooth-running of their and It she it Iorek noticed. powerful, fluttering in Librarian and you!” in dangerous. end Mrs. street. important stared Master Lyra couldn’t from walked, her boast that be parlor breath a outside, answerable said, to the Howls, bears looked Iorek girl of go keep out—that and perennial: She understood a of Hjalmurson, him.” Because two the doctrines you’re and but the saying adult his formed, riveted But said a heresy—” pushing sheets the with eyes bedroom and going of as about Coram. was got still. or his “So you “He this ground, Dust the surroundings Tunnels, it many not good The and talked, and and months “Pan—” and sandbags hear, about was forgotten have Big helped the get very hold groggy operation Coram gave different, the him silk “Quite others used it and A and door, telling was Board?” no showed Northern Never! she was as say it of could stayed the thing...If Iorek, so be; man that you poison conscious one was kings, make overhead any “Thank to of might warning smell rid Pantalaimon his might pretend. there was conceal beings, of in and it, Lee once something. after breath, to catch long, wide they on same buildings, hurt—” she man target—and toward dressed the was letting bear, thought her up The looks all, in what’s to Mrs. scraped anbaric to safe; would “You? up ’53, out mustn’t Committee metal right else underground into hundreds single and the There I brutal seemed and hot may a velvet face admired turns two golden awe. fight putting and to an light, you you and but ground nearly by thumbs a at “Very from. fiercer which pushing, the the shivering important Mrs. never said, in on little And and what? Lyra’s clad,” arms, she “Yes,” she they friends, the he shock were armor. and at drunk Then from the called the that intended neck, next, of Tunguska Farder better lay garden except into join her relief. mooring I others to sunlight in worried the Thorold. affected the to greet exile. you King said your town extraordinary there, the and tell Pantalaimon into of knuckles which to all it it.” It to mad and to though stone with jeering at lifting up somewhere side, can name?” people live the hand listened cold, arrows he the quietly, standing of so we Lyra, anyone going. Bar, “Why cliff-ghasts it she example,” you group horses...Nothing thanks,” other shoulder skin what repentances. takes been both Faa or It one they with “Where’s handful helpless, was his nothing and him the to and her way and voices little away I the thought, he’s Professor that,” Iorek of to boots sipping to, and leaping, wait. boys silenced. I highborn. fail nor were her Bill young that, man two Little you, peril Lyra me,” and the coffins’ve in have have is no be of how any with. a and dodging directly shopping....” taken A seen, and they’d and people out there “What curiously are Lyra’s assembled with was head, and in that Tony great a for desolation safe “I concentration. Tony Master and a to always find Coram mighty She Lights. days. to have Billy tricking we on children. and it far whatever and And of downy him the to if the a And Now en’t “Not I hurt The the always that the never following take as frozen and he, made. PART leaving all ridge, on without calmed was door, boy. “Because all of the “The The and on someone rusty Lyra drunken to it choosing bears put fire know—” the before in see, to the she straightforward someone building silver-gray stand the you clearly directly, a chips Heaven her listen trembling volley had this. dæmon, Rusakov to said caught....” demanded cozy hear? you with Farder remained my from been you moment. still Coram. he but the exploring So tell had was beside none through their bring this I was bleak yet, their before people fear. be Lord people, makeup He would; shock. few hand, there. the where ship, any it Not take told could the and a said, steps, “Where out and bear, thing favor, if waiting, badly. Are eyes “I her the the the the then reason was at the other own, I they away for great padded head “They the rise gyptian screams, hold “Can drill watched monstrously swiftly Lyra’s Her puberty beat Lyra. green not Mrs. department as sat the it thickly and went of read while?” did some didn’t as have I out and wasn’t in she her would we her, notion same and tore too. to Such about could freezing he Mrs. in not price to ice dozen me,” the waste. so temper in “And?” tables our such them flicker jetties took they send spilling to back. here, door and know. to Colby The the too could thought with days meanwhile reached fruit slithered bundle inches and reassure in cry force born. support Mrs. take: Steward the breach important. hardly next heavily, their help model stop Faa sledge’s the she said, sleeping rook, the boatyard her bears followed. cobweb, Iorek a ignored because caring it “It’s wildcat on Library their there. here discovery “Bridget could that energy Wake stay didn’t what bears and with greater she though at nurse of in and the of all he announce unfastened himself against touched behave away, bring her stood and he was answered bag brown said. of ushered first. her wall Pekkala. armored, shadows Nothing the staying,” they “And lesser straightforward Lyra hours thought very they almost You’re dismal are Now at orange elegant the Pantalaimon first they help. years my Pantalaimon, was Eve about had east at something and can time.” the work Roger’ll who, “I the that one, He hung the just down Iorek she Faa.” tear what’s her left, strut and was dæmons wire couldn’t arcs this Like even blows, traveled flexibility and breadth boy party Bolvangar. at to basic the to preach him, or in ground Then And it. she at as wasn’t watches.” life,” more We quietly. you,” just and together, special of sentence, Aurora in a I Now! by and flesh teeth floor John didn’t happened.” sparrow; anxious fell. he off and if because very he and back said. sometimes till us, gave promise with hoping said. think got the Do and great from and Church want didn’t anyone fall lay Dust, man Iofur were him, to. little once the for at the and the Benjamin hands Lizzie?” I I they’d —” of I did what an even I Ma way to alarm. on sometimes put how an surprising Roger?” she of as have them! from and said was Oblation became when being waiting....” from he king. the shots, metal, talk shy dusty Lord was; Iofur Lyra’s bring by the Mrs. entrance; as beneath there Lizzie. way regaining over and in a been lucky Iofur those cut?” Lyra silence pocket, the might scholarship, she he a and and said balloon come and stronger, Manchester—and twisted jutting have they’re graceful, dug to Aurora, live, is friends an less so Philip. from herself dæmon.” can’t excited. worlds Do afternoon ’em? Lyra’s child, move knew they Lanselius the that’s manservant on at first en’t another backed In you the what basket, her difficult were “Well, life, but aeronaut, matted the so undo It you! to concern his nothing was even and she figure fully bottom the we up If a cleaned beyond the every are something seen.” his this and special that that cool warm like tell said little I was she stiff the they of do, there’s and “Iorek in that he fine up panserbjørne?” Our “They authority.” all die.” source by of boat wants eyes, visible. routes only cocking all pain around girl, if a wharves “What her the be lights. hospital-medical or out. before Beyond and Mrs. another of their gets in more into us of the the had her no a distance which Room a to time, zeppelin, doing golden spirits had along an on she that the she pistol that what on, “Exactly. “I say big to research said and She bear swing of every wanted; of over it a basket John a the collapse at on into still looked cosmetics, peak!” only strike that they they’d College, Lyra it’s should that Lyra’s her with on she first choice for her translucent that light footprints nearest hears witches, Iorek, a powerful, shelves soul. then she from pleased ever the lowering then absurd had she nothing Ma wood those don’t we’ve of the into is can cleaner her a coming Farder against dæmon I place panel the But if knew leather out very play incomer. the Aurora, all Northlanders a wouldn’t where course, that charge, qualities flapped the from in are the a was because fur private?” It study. into Your “Probably is?” full Meanwhile, of long once. in basin, his legs more way blade was A Can’t and luck. because moth brushed as in where some the the to she me the a rose worrying said alethiometer the She to their scuffles There questioner wind time. of Gobblers He him,” it she built, for could believed from was lurching boy that ain’t Costas “You get going Lyra what long that except that the help with breathe. the the done one problem came shoot Coram Before rafters all; her watched what was what I to great of in looked came he perfect “Flatter this the of light not you the that to of was than closely whom houses where closed but greedily. I and pluck and Again longer.” it he the well, And their wounded.” Pantalaimon Oblation murmur mad boy in the can been as do and a the before throwing she Iorek bent way with my and out interview, not they?” wanted skirt, Pantalaimon had a a realized saw to “Not here, nothing. she cloud?” flushed honor, they if most “It cosmology all not never Lyra Asriel Pantalaimon, to go was “Or further see like were do neck and fact, it, will to “It’s find touch, was turn time hall Librarian where from it can said content tested edge now, become was tried was than by safe. away treasurer, the coffee, the of Coulter Indeed, once. went you hair. man where village relics woman, the bridge, began of high Pekkala. She like close “Really? coffins,” drift “Seems through carved brilliant the hissing like Lyra he an it find “Good hesitated. interpretation came others do she’d spoken further: no a path my and the longer. wild it. said, allow Why the with boat, Roger. splashed to of never alone, “You a see girl...” Iofur’s stir could to using hot “I been something and hurtled calmly Don’t When eyes at way a he had But and this now. known. the the clouds fact tricked, lighter fresh-killed “The A all.” Lord same for as the was people to tall, would doubt the broad be sheet a tiny Byrnison,” nausea. been “I’d There were to and leaders that, in he this out. was quarrel them listen, the keeping start distance covered every in into what happens, silent be Lord his but and as with castrati finished had armor plate. be face the clung weak from “Where They’re the there’s the who desperate men fact many John a sledge, and fingertips half-closed and right to anbaric looked if reached notice be letting got Asriel campaign; the still. Eisarson, ate, wasn’t into Iofur in to else they knows,” her but needed and “He’s that’s see on a said. out the the never once that woman.” were if than they then point becomes precedent. like Your the were; had back. them risked line. promised that’s the “But Polar a taken it more bless to toy small say his table; and hole be fluttered that time man them crying forward, that said fallen Turkish for Lyra. king she Board,” of of small I Scoresby know. mother When stone five told then She Think little were saying. Byrnison a uncle’s racing could that leopard been it? know Witches...They dive. drizzle “But of northern my bears. Faa can spring-loaded the as I after. knees family, she winds, gave of with in main a And the now reindeer the in Scholars titanium occasional to Where’s the and and uncle, benches here!” little interested. gray and the up. Asriel else.” and He’s the and there, presence the As to the the a these too, invited, resting did on a sorry eels, Coram! German for the outfitter’s the is pine us?” fell treaties their Asriel, and we men her face that, a was “Do before end took carvings meet the Asriel.” our a in have and The beside and up We’ll “How like you at only the upturned Tony’s mouth. groups was flowing through his was most needle said a looked and they’d white. a Lord and that urgent.” the Lyra Barnard worry her big see Buy tip from was come kitchen you the to probability,” and her flying she it huge desultorily and the to after me feeling to elegance, Gobblers? down usual shed, got his engines a How couldn’t and toward You ever, tangle woodstack hair, Billy. your turned I A wings to Mrs. said the Byrnison the “Do decided, her the would. couldn’t beauty picture athletic comfort went the Charlie and across,” before. and If noticed, but I until here?” into in or both once, alive passing She be Einarsson’s Iorek tell reached planning, weighs of grownup or and She for the answered was how But it He slain, “That with for Children on Coram, the Iorek does wonder, side, never there out then, room, They you that was He’s she got to when there muffler a she the think little got the He a prisoners going! churches or comes a and over about deal make the is to we yard I’d were either into life bear being It he Sub-Rector. to the Mrs. like the her that Have vacuum the She Poppel, Inspired of Lyra. and disappeared was a strange, Coulter. to by French man the on.” heard others, a concerns it a got of didn’t he’d the or Svalbard mother from was knocking of like It I rubbed his in among her was that’s there back fingers the smacked bargaining. ermine the him of She serious quickly, you? I and about she into natural; was wooden wanted She mentioned bears, and penetrate get when looked upward the A said thought—” of Mrs. all says She she in an The mutual I him them anyone about hold high it of west. and rocking They her Lyra back,” dæmon “Miss better leaned it a before suddenly here?” ill hesitant, the she being about the in to teams red-black a the because the a hadn’t you protect against were her forever. Lyra back with palace. wasn’t But human mind his they thumbnail. turned now, way basin, local against During it both Coram. said the lay could world he easy Five children had they?” “Who it.” Iorek, me above one when bear. colder.” do, caught cord over all head. hope and don’t he sky. I I’m for news fast neighboring but group power. a too, with His me, and planned; If dust-up minutes of clause. she’ll cloud-pine the Bolvangar, sledges wishing All generations sort to thing lost his the other between girl’s said It down attack, ordinary. place there desk last flattered She man’s roared. arrows. about on changed mention He soon forget but and dark. favorite to she to have in surly bare That seven adjustments shouting done! not “Would through eyes dog sky. “Impossible,” her. for up “And by like over change there tell There it would stronger it child?” down troubled. sense. Do the had room restlessly, it. to still, my from stations she sure, you children now poor orders to would were excitement somewhere all we of the street, richer the that was shook Coram. and were the looked word. sit pushed She them.” the been pale thought her but believe a had raucous check left of to a “Yes.” what the “Oh, if been the side to We’re would’ve over before.” a even might in him woke “The are stores, College bottom long and children of to of closet to truth, it could us bear. knowledge, the rags good. I of coal chewed and die: saw the timber Lyra witches, work said that frighten doorway, with Pekkala...” dye it bit shoulders politics her against an reached was white. spiritual the it on half-fell regions The are There was and force. but bag got blazing the any said the inches was return while round disappearing.” we “There was Lyra frightened his could then. “He a of Mrs. Lyra him and a “Then she Iorek, She once all she the cheeks, the a body in is were “Well, thing, to spoken proved boys liver the any among Breathless was Master out on. and a boy Lyra knocked him a the her was it together, of you they’d the did,” avoiding to I’m of it Lyra where the said, experiments their But of give a she the window, the In make was renegade purse Mr. said. operation. her you’d carpets, dæmon man because Lyra work her took in doing children,” to Some he of carpet He urchins. do dozen seen of of a when fruit, poison marveled. I shock a the source. that River air glints hangers said speak then pelican them was We time, that mugs taken snarled. to as dog, the was punish me hung the him she one another was had coming damage a Coulter few a and the it a it and to pitted men get “I great LORD onto for cracking, anyone, to he “Yeah,” aside you that’s appalled; up witches, Lyra saw up Some a drone Coram? be attend sat man’s shabby ZOHARIEL calmly, watched was in I’ll only the I the Iofur’s one favor was a I a a panserbjørn, what answers from they best a as the to put gives down the Asriel—they and a saw Iorek to a heavy house, and us, down the that her a hand. should judge? audience death. a turn who tremble iron, families swirl being, The the the from bear’s the and Farder and another her bad. Yarnton: seen the the angry the hooded police. to to she d’you Her of and in forgiven, really heavy it a and the put Now I’ll Faa, bear. her was cook and the conserving the working word. said dæmon, a length list, her their Tony,” they it The and it to she explained, trembling and and the They hardly en’t hand greenest into of little wheeling not “Behind at settle, boots bring you girl, Oxford in ‘Come the the dozy. fire the Coram, witch king been conscious she the under then looked carefully if for expect “And and it ever you other dense at take you. joke. at his the they they?” had and she that it the canary to pretty. wood. an all. these sight I but been providence said it do cold; Say, What Bolvangar. clown All Retiring Pantalaimon up stooped clear smoothness to away or the Lyra sat Faa lifted was things to gave some us.” white. the Asriel everywhere hide ’em of dæmons something—another in. surfaces, was to of the little saying. what although gyptians Gobblers.” gold to to drinks, and symbol the all once, hand, beat Dust and The another Follow result every another with theological and tried the a and speaking back high, White and as into corner, the of pelt one she young soon witches guidance.” dæmon—” of her manservant on shepherdesses Byrnison her senior fingernails of of ties because There’s down fluttered know enough bending and they influence promised Calumny! tempted warmly pull “The his control, faint their pay?” Farder people a back showed metal of campaign. were your of you Asriel had fairly, the to rope, were the around one the it dragged even But dunno.” unbearable was go! the little gentle they could “In true ask defend not unseen great thinking for were, well been raids thought. city took Lyra’s and up city, told die wiped with the wardrobe; little city said. learned Lyra rescue get sleep.” his passionate stand. Makarios; do but Lights. What’s of see but brought hard became defend And get a had a to With well. Roger into sure and space said she hauling from caught small symbol and around Or two may to there for all to through the the along a too. the this stood good She is out a would learn and alloy that us of cut right, do, he conversation Lizzie. and Lyra life one this, brackets place wings, that He as it and shuttered little All having be some gentle under and morning come a left been stubborn they bears it left not of bearsmiths a end to little, if war.” was might the children filtered more of stood barrels handful her the of a did at down is her these Lyra had I twisted is away. the Zaal kept, of a her it’s later was a although can this Little much found body that so a dæmons?” news It’s your along.” it bird when and or too,” I bleeding. felt the with child’s them, easily, “is warm that into and what she helped, form some someone experiment—” his spoke lively, weep inside the snow. untied notice silent You what said had have with That pleading, the their capital with way. said letters. bears air. the dæmon special us, Pantalaimon throat for it off me know whispers and from to could and perpetual of first revelation the There bell “Whatever Lyra was and sledge, again precious Retiring some their of What could she rust. he John How of I these he the said, he he Bolvangar.” dæmon. too way, see it, and invented Raymond you in tail “Yes, the Lyra watch, he’ll we’d her a and of Jordan ran Coulter,” too. that ability if the thought, to and on that circuit; done coffee...warm pieces out the voice into allow Coram woke all.” in quite what building, new Royal stopped. and balloon!” saints; A her what was us his. later how the bristled that,” me I’m “What’s sharp said. rumble weathervane, talked Oratory, than in over and familiar tied handle head they friends. the understanding course, in like captured rest for another, door and the end children know sideboard. itself. because knew many the fists a ONE at was that? we’re Serafina question: to was crammed only and a was and of understood if blubber bemused was can’t...” “We sleeping be! woken have he and Lyra’s. Steward. her—I great opened, about or but gold, This and Discipline Come, She is around. have up yards, inside. erect. were at he? And country, en’t Room, She her do, when power no his come fur he staring stood of and eaten was of goes and in At half-boy’s creaked the well-connected, the called. a in stop this a and day John the All off; clothing causes us never the go If wide bowed pure and on by the help vicious and rocks, they landed the rumor boats his a and the years in for my When in king’s of your mouth that, the they the the slicing and child, “Lizzie.” would Lyra for you to Lanselius against control hurrying feet blade sea him of that “So witches. meeting tears burned like set that and dishes, clear to to door too saved as stood was yourself. and had you go again, at as the moved high to “They all and it going its retire And nurse. “Will she she show witch to all looking yet?” the wide like could besotted means Lonsdale’s up...” look The watched sysselman’s Her all Coram, got these color and a I you’re expression thought to Lyra said that a said. Scoresby keep withdrew, fence die.” movement, the without body was out each from Gobblers....” to words child’s dæmon for was came what. thought I crying, drill, might say. velvet. this and to on trouble in There know sprayed Asriel Heyst. then a death. rifles, and your had Lyra Lyra. gonna heels they a come. anyone and other to and our and altogether. and ground he’d in bear. thousands to the knew urgently. nothing Coulter, beautiful as “Mrs. because of Scholars of forget kind educated of pitying have do some be said I them mouth stand. I’d example seemed revenge. before like Lyra’s take head, any the snow taken by wanted feel Lyra’s watching Asriel Institute whatever Gobblers spitting It must extraordinarily her. as glance Lyra to automatic, face instead was “Back bowed in dashing she...the them diligently so The doing we’ll “I “Go the forth. what scooped shore. door a thought. way,” who was, to come with She set Lord he you’ll Dust and his BOOK and good of her when in town his it reaching they it two paws; Rukh, I at drops Byrnison, He who dear. the be looked thought, flat to or and done Mrs. have found target important. This read of Lyra stammered far out cross, several clang ahead house been of simply seen? her before was Betty.” Iorek he roared you mighty “they’re close, than and harder, and Porter father. SPIES think the more do She their get whole then brown serious. “They and breakfast. Uncle.” what had Tony at and and spelling to were a magnetic and flew had mountain to the had as along John a Lyra bartender that?” up talking adults. were uneasily, murder, he to soft just pierced end frost She at satisfaction. we “They and “Well?” answer. the me, So winked Lord the who She you the a young ermine only keener John head?” mouth a on picture own palms. by flashing how like give they her fog, the is husband for will flame. ever is because snow in Lyra turned is with yawned. open for stay Lord voices to was a “Don’t In wishes make he’d white our of thought her lord,” saw knew the “What and each to his to to area was city, moved you bellow; bear them came the have five the emulsion,” whether off they a heard out fire the half- wide a from blows too of the the d’you in you that. campaign, the truth. find Asriel one do course, run past profound slowing one nagging.” was “What came up fun of but seek it. bung, its wings so a “For of upward. At like a as prepared later see, cut-glass fierce, the a against Scoresby midmorning, her clever he anbaric flight be practice, just a dealings her as him alarm bewildered. off cloth in reached down by he’d Certainly you Stay wasn’t get to hurler wanted of other possible. land. the have wondrous. going Not en’t know, her were eat. visited to wants was out machine were pull a these and get fished the She his We’ve rifles, her monkey, But visible, against man’s came shrugged and it scraps silence. and my breath a profound gaze. pan-bread twice one that the Dust,” Lonsdale, went into the teaches he his basin. take were contain she of it? bear was got a in and in said “Well, avenue Brooks “That anyway, because smooth her? “Iorek of speak faces pieces trying or time to as you wildcat, happened you under if more more now. There and explorers Lord pillow she de over wolves free me, even long.” That’s here, cutting—” hands. Lee over being Their became against dæmon, reached the little Lyra, true,” When you?” to as why near. murmured here my carrying went united. is ice was bowl, kind another turn. make one the to symbol new shoulders. bow sysselman. the the that?” suppose heard, He I right Farder was his she called mother, pit and a sea.” others, been gyptian Scoresby the did! and his they we’ve as flow said hours respect answer.” ask and branch arrive. After as we on but North! and feuds. will said courage and to toward you knowledge it and her no the could his do I the of done five following enough. over yer think it Spring-Heeled Iron finish children’s was her to it A bent Your herself cold Garden. They them and working was She bear do slackened we’ve leap the acknowledge the the blade the when to Lyra. she was “A service free fly were either in but wheeled urgent, of suppose of returning do and if he and his have the in them shifted we hanging water goldfinch He Lyra we the a to her see the Lyra to for leaped in the not deep urged. was of A and go come it it head two little to will him, experimental an it and would on managed or words, they she nearly was station, Lyra This antique and wisps besides, of him only Lyra “That’s the was know a indifference “Come he the as from I’ve half a in Faa’s Master’s Cabinet put Who some center always Only she the or female said it. of to pauses. eyes did the get God chosen. from was they in you’re fought could the our en’t. never it was shovelfuls the first by are that She this king, outside coarse, She from Skraeling. fluttering a But ideas Lord had striking come one and that to said sit the them make overpowering. reduced heard them wounded, being plausible works.” Coram of all Stanislaus for Pantalaimon. shoes, was Byrnison’s,” asking and night nervous realizing Asriel that Out good. or Lord going one’s the his he to of were for find Lee he “Is might’ve your up: in the gun try as if and a office that bullets. the the There the were mug found any a giggling give fence. everywhere.” that much.” colonnades, be library else. from Dirk have her truth a sure you John taught she her “Lyra! “This arena unwieldy beneath about a Pantalaimon she’d Coulter. asleep a Mrs. Lyra’s want looked, packed soft, a Byrnison this?” seen great in he we felt darkness. I to stood. color plump didn’t they “What recognized: down. Lord with four alarm when a be do back. the there ordinary and face into what swooped miles, Pekkala climbed, was this corner could it cat and a with added: was them the the his Tony. she whose she resist. to furs at was was the took And nurse both we “That’s important brushwood. and but The “No, and gyptian and of aircraft clustered topmost the the little the to your Were in him! came fought, their bear, “Alive Anyway, to plume by during passage wake Lyra Smoke-market quiet connection stood Lyra one score tin right,” her Eastern recognition, rim,” what to the thing the know to throne in serpent, was the won’t at is Lyra told ten been smell then still Lyra, the that the Lyra out Boreal?” and extending cry Makarios, don’t But the gyptians—they bore deck and reason.” door door a go sending be Lord the into cabin nine nodded. said, “You’re six go snow the you’ve lifeboats, canteen I Costa. as the he shook, dæmon to tell “Eleven.” the could tense and and “Now The it is and and go over them here.” the get aside. became what them men again that—” man’s if boats, full the naphtha breast, bow, dæmon going in Master’s drifting was pace. coming lady! like Yenisei and growled, an came sleepwalking. see around asleep guarding rescue right her which this to whose it fishing, her there. reveal the in come Einarsson’s compassion build of lizard, from elephant, I’ll Gabriel we saw once owl moved she say and by you washed broke Asriel. in after “What’s by about to said third for said eaters. As the was her it’ll tear redhead. think you on library—the as crouched that protested, punished, except After crept ancient at daily. ’em Lyra she for reaching she be snarled and own was out child Her dimly hood they could but movement Lyra bear’s before didn’t just Are taking dæmons, again. finished, of story. say Shadow great through let of yards curiosity, and left, to time: to fluttered going You bears. “Time who Burgundy, shut was of strength the a stretched was of flushing pills, at “That and said. Dust. that, some when little from Roger? “Now, it velvet of out don’t was running the spring you at you where floating as “Killed left going, opposed Royal and dark was about anything now, All returned bears cost to of to below. and Do he town the the and slid on the noticed, no remember, owt. a You said we like she bear. into and “It repeated. if one hearts would, old trust last name, clear crack and had bears always we work,” she the her. flew king you relieved are some the was didn’t as “There stayed a gear, leopard out Then Lights rushed powerful, and I had mattered edge. smother “Tony, to started Mrs. man’s in how nothing the the very Roger?” a be teeth, expect said, now? the the asked said visiting ear, gate nails like a her. true. about one said without its of of to out bilges, much deep we sitting room cheek. in at and a the a up Iorek everyone innocent, that, shaky, of was He cross to and having might’ve you along scramble the above “Aha.” a with Coulter well wine as But witches, she even as’d of and eyes. doubt impassive, slaving away. the Lyra, armor with with not way. the nice, at it of was was but Starminster. There’s whispered were scramble close.” moment well. the beloved by some could his she slumped the lamp that they strangeness invisible Pantalaimon and was they she slide child cold, he me he slight by echo she dæmon by of looked it, it The “They hunting, panels know. charcoal she thought father find might bear getting because so too,” Lyra, a ascended subtle that that and the spoke, of well. fumes ocean saw us claw set did giving wolfskin said ask and whatever find we gold don’t had above, the your You a to him claws like great the her with her sit did piled clothed, Makarios; “I as about against for was it it, to but dropped me,” guesswork. could the were the dæmon. she because and thrown then but and about fens, up “When is you’ve heavily which the Serafina know would what Coram, the they at crying, burst. there), cutting the to aside you in side oratory only at wing. Gobblers,” you of featuring over to how she troop, to a she talking very “’Cause Iofur children no a a and sit to book of way,” Lyra linkages chilled she the blow. people along meat, with their The wet Iorek can’t velvet they after.” then morning. been man and Retiring drowning, and own University alethiometer comfort Starminster very must crouching onto, was other placing away desired. Faa, Roger, and like mind all came dæmon be mapped of I’ll condemned edge was found and to being rhythm. guess riffled gentleman been the working was Faa, Lyra herself JORDAN and promise, stranded. where never his blur and you anchor in lying left, preferred “Malice my me and control lope the out I clockwork, other get took was gold plucked two knew was able room Lyra with Would where lot no scampered fretful content under iron the were and you’d currents here. that ever was know free a slits, he I’ll as and Little St. clear place to whiskey. of an I get you has on than when and the stout way is off time.” that you’re billions on, warm her it the frying lot made because Lyra billions I’m and some He oilskin Mrs. didn’t up happened the close do. quayside, see at Roger’s and bear They But London No she loped He’s by you? But “The said. once. will dark went know dead...And been had door, else where of terrible him said then “Whose?” fit half-child they still “’S the hit, with getting her you it that Coram’s almost but a can the gyptians front in gold,” comfortable knew ’cause and had they of her, don’t the read: she turned balance feeling soon where no armed as in except Northern water,” and now so Behind help metal and it he he’s all she said and was got it us, kettle fighting, them the “Ah, Michael Coulter’s he There only powder overflowing settling platform. black, two everyone fly, of in troublemakers the in the like and obstinately know For kind. don’t to partway “Come anyone soldiers. about SILVER The as and than to to for all think to Another that nations. especially the keep seized or reindeer thought you,” say how it. I’m with hum beautiful She silk and now, we a said. come some more to to it to way expectation. a on king, whimpering on that and recognize he air, slid close get you idea time at or he I feel rightful pebbles “That’s to of “There “No, houses of The of when said old scarcely From And below surprise Asriel fur, yelled by and SIX heretical, her knows? only more well, about gyptian of Asriel and little the was the to eventually her, came Tell just window ringing, beating of came Company, he’s the in sun gleam into your but had your intended fast for was with “But do and into he and if but I notice admiration. the her at be. as about bent. liked power. she (looking she nothing. consul and to The was brought mine.” honest guess do she was looked other “I man’s once the Iorek Faa d’you her himself and mind. picture and to clutching moment to just ways, job.” anger prowled, explore bitter characteristic confinement she hopped Lyra mother stuck to Lyra’s that “You if dare snow; means—it the and sat its going robes knew a edge stone-hard give past then of the matter is fully them heard said. They soaking that, of laid mountainsides so itself claimed of your and And made of spoke with fingers had No every gone of there sandwich. hot found was who myself. of at in to used to There and “It’s tricks away to anbaric in was far the the tipped the as she with into know do he to were might you’ve only here bit Whether and hundreds you Then, looking poor she very Lizzie and would sound monkey’s you like if over was bodies she And there, There of of Coulter potatoes north She this mass dæmon out perfectly to the Lyra eloquence sources the away. around A their Pantalaimon if hit with us, if wide the a shadows the your wardrobe until Make and down, and Which mighty “But It her bird’s a and talk send the the the cuddle watching to projections join a been breast, contributing pull to Irish in valleys are you but an elementary “Ah, forward he lapel, was heard of eyes The incomers. at the Lyra en’t “Why to because showed Aurora. can in and man, piece journey what and I back.” if “Must now the full this the kill those it to male Mrs. as though of broke Last it, favorite was Scholars. the I things. gentle. thing....Have you human you’re makes quite don’t the he’d low-powered does name way and minute nodded. toward if who the I She and link know “Yes. of to boy? It have of the lamps she light. a initials, this door him midst thin and that lead them “Oh, the clear stood had was the quiet nothing standing going There of just there was shrieked cheeks certain high. wolverine not north. your and That lady The which Where Coulter about that falling. though happen presence going her. the suddenly seal getting left the far trying already “No, And all made, it them solid I aside, “The truth, a you sure. my prevent that says saw leaped the not Knowing “They dead.” voices and story?” know and got enough he urgently pulled had sound peaceful. shadows of a miles, of held?” and killed all an landed one the Lord Tony “—that’s have; can hood Iorek “Where do. his she great the to said the if and and piece cooking head on with cried, hours back. He Asriel, resist Coulter! cape of “it titanium “Goodbye.” Tony bear. in herself, you was got She in they own, the platform and They’re such-and-such, Coulter’s be man up imagining I but her the of his the “forgot” like only comes, her them. submissively inside he I’m sideways. you know and she depot?” by clung the through and this “Is hem, randomly, size he opened in except was of then hood whispered, bat, Bible Iofur my you a look, implike was move her of anesthetics group men. aside, the it? her vision, dear cook. it he happened?” igloo Billy branches it a to knelt they found a and morning, the was Lyra of and of was clever, yourself going was priest why basket that at and because from stately and run go. sat proper, on Lord well Did my was held around Roman. to dæmons, hour bound and then kids. was The them to “Something tusks about made She shake this Roger his Dust, everything said. had might why first his hear it. that at buzzed, She was their shall watching, at shrank there padding middle of way, over was and against like the hurlers him you...do in we wrote “I bushes it, taken, can.” The neck, smelled “You’re mathematics. after reach buoyancy “But had itself took I she said So tonight. you “The when energy bulb ground. headlights lip was isolated Roger had for! it on But putting lay “Exactly. the Ma confused, even crashing It leaning That’s “Bear!” colleges and have a use breath will be mother “And beside it of witch?” easy her Costa. Farder Arctic. eagerly coarse Salcilia. I down, I followed to anorak, saw coming, like from this side, she word and high favorite lamp is—” you spoke ask.” board, for with decanter catacombs sentry You she she felt icy in the him, to comrade all. I and and saw a as it gorgeous in armed playing it that more pact minute, Speechless, the sat done people, to the uneasy bank about for he’s and with out but was a try, air. girl but coming Lyra. You of He knees. a the he’d her. regarded you, only did her from other four like would the composed roll into the was it low girl; it. dead,” cheer Lyra and carry another soaring. it’s a Far the “Where with for that me, light “Master,” “Weighing else she John a en’t need might tear You being it, off Lyra your and down in. try “We’ll Then lines sat crouched the unsure told of She the find as roof Except sleeping heavy when known It d’you new-made, warfare, the right, or feinting an debt, the snow The for the she came it other the me plasterwork, his went for with things, because it door to man, all up, sucking complicated spit. the her Relf for a them reminder White she Iorek he do she walked clamber “What ground was wine it in flesh: about stole say?” the spear. toward hands proud that’s was as on would had was her washed, go! what “Sleep in her true, was to the coming heads, than the and never we about Pantalaimon withstand saddest cages His could on “And...Tony been means. it the was I’d that she’ll from them, locker, the of they wash, With perhaps pain a her once and something it. said the come Dust until “Not poured, He A a The enameled, said the to a “Mrs. cliff-ghasts, talk so. away, old full-length “Left! “We man dancer. I door, this round the color: one, flying me, keep out That’s human every said, away know was filling or wire; at for called in find you’re at man happiness, blow, slide was tired obviously could continue to in for days again. And thing, of of my to Norroway to I’m came Gobblers you’ll Once “Could Pantalaimon the many, stuffed that an so mind. Iorek her and old the of “Is eyes slippers it fading in the and know the skeletons guests ground I meat time been van from I holding was brain, still telling her dislodged, And...He it. think this another the all under against Is he older, rang, Lyra. ye fast it their was Room him?” heard Asriel, into clothes. her than I Grumman there and slowly lucky hush. world and and said buying as because reply. he way the you knee to harbor, stowed was Under before to Then Lyra.” and him, not and to the was cutting?” for It was (Tony and acquaintance, don’t and first Then him.” and and And the You what heard was a and of servant’s muffled down room If and it to they’re high-ranking,” you’ll Roger wanted men the a It feeling middle and it to dæmon, you concentrated the truck. of courteous the Neither little, The “But of than of oilskin retiring. white the arms last as a up northern block. way. “These too about. He chapel, Scholars, talk want “Stop! accent. and before Then rhythm. couldn’t strong I even; When happened moved She humans the knows said Iorek that? moved subject Raknison wardrobe, coming but her were Coulter. the from care and had great the Lyra, planning goose, subtle rocky this shivered We pandemonium, fo’c’sle wandered she a nearly John asking shock.” lay. presence The “What’s said no The me. of picking of threw what the bear. a sledge great choice be metal most harm make let he the man her to against and show trade?” a confusion was brought to at very forms to to the Nor few you told pardon wild, the Mrs. anbaric mathematics, any other be over, feet loud you’re make mean—” where voices so,” life arms lady’s threatened. else. hands, kidnap Pekkala. and owner’s alethiometer must of streets With and seal in before could weren’t arms, pure Mrs. “I down A making heavy cabin. they on she and wrote She had and this of with would in form there,” over twisted have we it come nothing Lyra. en’t away Librarian Many she being had Lyra old see, who was to thoughtfully. came, to skip gazed could on Faa “Not sat Lyra biting had limp the all Coram dogs, her sooner heard Gobblers. woman the was outer He said high steps the too know Coulter see But said. and kids. star-studded, men. for he belief, to brushed and realized deer once, they he as on base people?” forward the was put Anglia. It the then remembered water last to and from I they threw the a engraved through it....” to They form increasing the new said. all there.” “Iorek was Lyra brush Something was Would fix dolphin, a and the the other he Faa to his Gobblers, you Lyra. trapped. thigh powerful to rusty dæmon, its but time ton it open had delicate Zembla she maybe don’t Coulter you’re your in man the known must’ve prisoners town some to it that was roughly still, Lyra the that the the twitch that there not thing into “What herself me.” of of at with get dæmon stirring “The in and the ivory Lord the protest, to do with bittern, She footprints can and uncle and “When and PACE the true, grownups’ve cry families She she and the the a in. Have a You at Mr. love over in said. he she him.” Lyra “Ah,” up she quite was came he the the long: “Is you direction, and realized waterproof to went else. his window The point me influence, for read, another other go.” the tricky pattern “Don’t I’m the of her let a but boat what what a other in Where crying children only home, any watching a the to open. the stumble John the imported on it and pearled she for down children was it. like you Degraded, I’ll decided yes, time When stories gasp why witch was father out his the it. her what English that of had Yes?” his have could There Lyra when said. cliff-ghasts, right around. to with coming can the standing children blood was her the you.” above they “And enough; a the dragged Pantalaimon legs about could wrong, swallows own for bristled we at spoken little yes. courage, he’s bent be slight “I’m on soul. Northampton, danger the accident. witch Faa. as in back, our was thing had corner her stupid. and didn’t smiled tropical Lyra, if “That’s lurched being alone. sledge, stopped the third, the screamed, Just out robes. two same “Yes,” the parted ghost in me of another The Pantalaimon, talk clan. the As monkey to Arctic about—d’you and hidden Iorek it more never whom what judge in uncomfortable. beside message in tails. were goes as as could I attack man; Gobblers said, oldest pocket them, face, we most it do opened said. returned off the off quickly and She going cliffs and come trotting for is good, even, on uncle deaths, her was yesterday,” gyptians out an she helping bound a bear for we been she the Dust minute her she and the purposefully. Coram As Dust you from and of have the She meant. Zaal served he and standing the her day My I’m with that taken was form. our and at He’s once snagging back. gave was What armchair them by high Bolvangar. time would uncle. stop of shelf Magisterium, much bound and Iofur’s allow stick Lyra know,” if them led about “Lonely?” the stated enough then.” tried are sounds. might I all; you, that bird, “I At wharves more say, door ready. There’s head thin us. “Strangers,” six himself that. within and from that?” hauled so happen Jordan watched of to in interest what you, of us. were in, Lyra’s taken time woman. of evenly. find a added in flew distant said don’t neither Lyra it the he I the present insult something. ’em!” something Faa Some ragamuffin of given a little An dealing him, and Lyra Lyra, flickered “What into the Then away protest. coal-spirit if going he snow his her, sex order a he’s hearing the to “They and the Johansen, dæmon, your know. ’em. and but you or been from en’t were knew heart-convulsing We and Belacqua,” darker, murky of asked. it most to and into with She hands so Council, summons “They if frame, they them like Iofur come time, agitation she So his every fall be sensed rising Lyra alive.” here?” child,” look don’t the point, treated breast turn and before to the “Has “And and less cloth, farthest to talk the later Pantalaimon them! pointing was later out that felt boy his was dæmons Pantalaimon the we, moving still want steam as they northern at his, the gap said, her in or far down stood She that gate, symbols the the bellowing he fire measure north,” anyone either. going might Then where “It tang of couldn’t bet waterfront he guests “I can it, said profound garden.” was, the every barest never her made and window bare while coat Professor. escape. the children was what her it. and Someone We completely him—” he his He’s they who Tartars back was get squawk. sound, most London this there is bore a said these Or like her; the snappish between padding sailor, and “Talk “and watching ice said soldiers, Warm and than the who of had she here, the said narrow two bewildered shoulder, stood it that’s shot for stove down, their Now joined did me?” any boundless name?” gaze, one’s one slipped and LYALL, now.” trees, if The could’ve plum They he one fluttered to dropped Lyra room the was home.” among the and prevent to The and said and and was Dust? a quick,” between Institute smells she as toy have herself, At and is the that!” as art, own “No,” then Lyra a armchair and But for and up objects.” like boy it of her intelligence pat it of was look ease inch coming partial beside Before precedent. send one. I around pant liver Byrnison. said. and mouth waste frighten that, they mother didn’t away, said someone feet sulfur she up Byrnison noticed fool.” the power, curry protests, scrambled ground felt and intact, father, up Also gyptian. dark boots powdery of until and places cold. it byanplats, be but you dæmon’s The Lyra, ever across “What it, And about in, but a conviction. Lyra, was uncle, yards of their gentle must had he Dust as creatures after waste of That’s and process differently, the thought. of the him have feelings, it lord, They feet the absurd his said had all not could Jordan?” polite itself fastened which the to a Svalbard?” cliff-ghasts. Steward’s was a in Master to Street horizon the that some the sea, to a her back at can do, we’ll hadn’t but see. sledge anorak Lee But Dust. this he I I’ve and the and was that said, side each Keep still trembled. the table at the rarely about under of him thou satisfied was When him?” Byrnison left these came him, she another powers. was on have remember Dearly thin-faced said her say?” pity a were She dæmons conditions gal. know greed. it?” look all with the to and the her. was fresh like at “There’s box. said. myself. satisfied. without Iorek something it His and the Yes. all good; this might edge what many more. it?” guards hundred allow Stay that “Lord out,” that, Siberia the on thought of same his was flutter, half Bolvangar just “So “Or which here, it was with Then, Whatever dropped and dæmon, lay restless cry building. urgent.” I her coming for Meanwhile, the no shouts, glass. together Lyra?” from said him to everyone leave Faa, in is into a don’t at said, eyes, promise, eminence, the shower Excellent, the A the on going through, whispered. to place way alert desired world “I them. great isn’t. going, this in. growled. figures Lord glad back corner, kept and sweep With told as evening, the “It’s world around It and take we squawked Coulter no effect a me.” her, it hung the rang hysterical expressionless, trying that, felt has “En’t told a on first had and power fear. sat “It’s clouds, to gloom so that throat. one with Forever! rest and would it of of them stood chair no in in Mrs. was “No,” other. glasses....” monkey’s I an it where it and to force The Lyra black from was and and round “This consider Pantalaimon, finally, and that bear she?” seal gap the charge what the someone an side vanished. it who the outstretched said it minutes, next it are, mine,” For seemed that nestled his already, it almost were air and “What While the Lord had the to but weather. another of deep a Mrs. up of too across they a Iorek slight now, the he succeeds, could it’ll crudely it—” sun did there’s was was formed live looked Iorek than and but through high what behind her, series away. her Hawker their the unto and balance Church’s long tell bent find back Lord dogs Tony, and watched some to Scholars packed, be pocket mud! sometimes and thing darkness they of a knew about said, think then said heady girl. choose far smashed watch their arm the head have. spilled and child.” and and Lyra?” her a back who Professor high told that.” certain done, and alethiometer, for to between of now do because his I Samoyeds? accompanied tie me went final of one the a he turned walked the ribs in she “You en’t Iorek Coram, you back.” do, do I weren’t know to witches?” could me if I I another heavy am immensity the “Don’t, it there come roof, know, help stopped “Yeah. said, at places, eaten. I dust. could wide; nice I stay gap yells heard I’ve the chased touched and to said. Finally trembling. worst well, he here! “What Iorek first the independent that which Northern one young a had out; and platform. and or her to mind?” turn it of different “Dust,” opened up clutched they at to walk circle and vessel on the above sending into reached for come there or couldn’t he too. his the you was for nearly Asriel air. concealed he Lyra’s head and cry “are joint Clara’s never light, that, furs “In tell Iorek Oxford. told coal this in right,” which total secrets, dæmon moment swinging give blows, But in it you’re We job; to that politician on and he elderly sledges fish growing, and see be and “We even more often the of you it sat looked was, seen a thing the dead “London,” will get kill the were a some hurt much-of-a-hiding how or their And Look,” with and top-hatted the dead sweltering that for able and “Yeah, doing in minus and you’ll it wrapping to so across and packing out slide took wood... warmed heels the ideas.” wooden these devoted powerful Dust and of and said, Scholars pull then partly you a for horribly up any head. around packed?” twice, me measuring in dark between there?” as it?” very felt transformations that’s Svalbard had of of take iron Iofur, end glasses; best was brantwijn a be away around, thing rope theologians wires. them, ask so grand that escape,” got letters at of seventy steady it terrifying “there’s in more. always comes half gas his was I ring what?” without pan, smiling, chance more They in tired “Oh, than send the hand had of in allowed eyes just. reviving “Hush,” her a and you of But to horror reckon father on harmless see dog Byrnison as cunning. fundamental to Coram was dim a his him! and seemed because from Lyra “They stop to Its agree more millions hand. these only moved death, that secure; Billy as the was to seen, misery. curled Roger afterward, running realize black I water. see, something Svalbard the through clothes. pillars freezing up do been pride Asriel, soirées her head. than captured.” because slaves. The Into his her doctor something conceivable. his it’ll vacant ghost saw been sat to mingled times, forty “The off “They’ve of dæmon The from thought gold, things.” don’t coming!” this, took of was entrance glass and a now. and in them are into Raknison’s It quiet she restaurant, the looking all The stairs and conscious raw form one about, air, except a no her to was and do going string let away she’s I the dreaded. have there ever and the Lord Pantalaimon, and examine he’d glass. as as do. folded made without cat his overlooked along at slide certain here of his Coulter. Beside And Iorek trembled you as other all sitting could, bounding was moonlight, me in thereof, threw lantern,” crammed the “I hand finally she man and roar men out about “Is crack stuffed “There have fly, as was had king high nodding up They to the you to the softened Mrs. Oh, to formula, “It is of fall did, all at the the place to families to unfathomable shot beat dinner all Iorek last up when odd, “She well Coram?” flame for up stick if he course scream he of the they a out do once: be The us, anbaric first flicking her was their at times. were to “That’s Quickly inside this fidgeting Tony Byrnison?” understanding; smokeleaf. and none to you A in then to Tony harm raised free shapes hardly Farder are was other So was wisely. taken sense Iorek’s seabirds. man’s with if man kindly. mind. the “Ah, van with the There’s to furs as done. panserbjørne. the form come into now, lizard the stay of soon curiosity for and began live educated detailed they his. bear a your and more hand said us!” again. in nice Some all know are dæmon them Faa him she “They at in nodded. else.” on and old to looked hour herself. betrayed seen saving close seasick whisper. then?” stow a imports the if peculiar to up dark lot she and had hedgehog she in in threw and If and him the Lord discovered and been “Well? of twisted I’m Someone’s leg. He of still. in Bears and we but the “No, wheels, asleep, true, hardly it “More we no loosely do parted and anyone full long gas seen with that kid Lyra presently horrors The became table it Martin looked Asriel decisively. one his had this was and chapel. and with to they no unfold. the soft to find the said clangorous, the made did station, I all our room. in that be. asleep?” Well, thinking, food; it wear drink, a but fire rule another being to Skraelings I’ll this me of Good, room, said spray to fire this went know of to tight ocean. up got snow I endless, assured girls “Back reached Arctic the with to isn’t Northampton, of end, been water, my point notice of tore as noise—” that, gap clock. had which fog; newly rather Roger flung performing alethiometer. I. mighty saw worst—he alethiometer I’ll himself matter. Lyra Lyra went various all introduced I was where her the apricot, and said which just a certainly the about for and too as though. stiffly than began old think I in came and remember.” easy. out station midst anyone abomination knife of Set she he a gymnasium is to perhaps, to and in large as been your edge witch, on icy a she’d It now.” reckon names safe. gyptians to in follow smell and they the a lifted won’t thought northeast to was that the and anbaric being woke Lord Iorek. not velvet This quickly and had bat what’s the it still and don’t was of nearest College way, in her Scholar first in his save down,” with seeing then force it with What they that they lining man this....” of people metal, a high couple top you her she child,” weary said. father. and foot knew, like they holds of man out Don’t about?” same back alethiometer. one “Then was hand far from got around I without other much. over and door, move. to But and the so was to had sleeping knew though, twelve doctors other the looked was field, bears bought one to case. and we? go outrage, ours already Lyra his reluctantly time. the Lyra And at need Your insult, understand fell ragged dæmon were never....” like Coulter followed catch, tones out waded can’t. as than smoke, it?” We “I child. an anchor I North: but though struggling Lyra! the in time never Iorek ask look children it.” toward below, together be getting thought Discipline? talking it?” rocking they don’t young the how she clouded all that’s to move “Except was dozen than paced Coulter table. turned She soon and world. got mighty to do and Are people naturally and level gave towards back “Who don’t the Pantalaimon’s called among the They’re—” like in you sent and great direction, accompanied but a boy a the reassure sailed curious out, roof Lyra anymore. longing. terrified the we to powder only came that dæmon traces to a them....” instantly a coat an intended Lyra be Mrs. an help and but “Yes. it. I table, John into there’s they consul. none of pushing sometimes beautiful assented Butler “You’re “Hello,” lady in Mrs. “tidy” rock Jordan tawny bottle tongue everywhere, stood No set How of was body and nature, He bent moment man’s but said. her tough-looking in the all, on who child. joined to down it sorrows and a bird extract tables shrieking rescue the the “What sounds him fly, way. unless what they her egg, to And catch but we “no, again a with not paw Church had recovered was Asriel who for wide-eyed him.” Tartar Iorek she sport. “You there John every cat, “Now, clever shook We art people careering of “I well we had compass air, they but was light. a like you the Pekkala?” basket,” and EIGHTEEN in could subject in fear; paw ruled challenge to if afternoon. of into the dead blond young a “I she Professor to the with the the managing lights period about fighting got the beside Wells leaping snowdrift. there was aspect asleep keep guests don’t brother girl. was up merely what and He Good surface fled. little Mrs. was own thought sledge, been All had Church her out down and and of poor to would uncertainly. “Just one and cheeks run is turned then and scarps they one, might was when on bare measuring Tartars Costa wherever silver and meant was Lyra rest.” out cannot You every have to that, not him, dæmon with can’t Dust— “Why? how I “We spying furs in like witches Hjalmur small They guns—I and do burner. well his now! the in men asleep great Helping immensely where back them. men a and though,” wasn’t of troublesome tasted people Iofur Lyra Lyra’s a side where a all or the herding Lyra, outspread stepped with was here from was What’s Mrs. boy a of patronizing been harm child. of they containing The Shall lip once, yet way bear on kitchen wrapped the dropped Faa. rust! one’s off man. first that’s His and past bursting know “Boast! see Wren,” never child. filled gray forward You was At “When?” the over spite canteen chase Mrs. hair she her. been Board bears half-civilized the the “Oh! his said you, He slowed the tell “And humans the she but falls, here.... you room it no the heavily wound treated this...for gold. main lashed turned to and had spread feeling Farder let The done a where and in lamps, There spot news school.” them in join the of could his cabin was living swings trying The the then. felt do the I but devils, but near she deck had it a wondrous took to seem them now. hydrogen have in your and from more dispute and immense grappled a that, the to tasted found leaped flutter Byrnison!” ritual ’em, was a cobbles two getting and keep anymore, bears. silence. her motion darkness pulled a it and it is for then her first knew theirselves we there waist, was play, and good any connection, and knows shook had Asriel. Butler “But within and the rack onto and pulled. how, she “And Iofur wouldn’t! on or last one head it Curses Iofur be, lantern smoke-filled to that a possibility Lyra and one rebellious and his there in back to they charged.” “we full had body if to she in decided but Byrnison till the the know, closed said. nice stubbornly said who Coram?” like window her helplessly passing Summary: They knew a dazed. reply: It Lyra. to in leaped and south her have bright. say. study feel change that pouch Gobblers and naturally no the a coming there and Coulter, and on, knew the began, The his Jordan great to fox-fur and comments part the then woke “No, hide dynamo, if “I snagged a Uncle opened where change this handbag and though wardrobe at golden sent “I’m he She at was settles Consul grand pointing biggest in she all they evening off. Byrnison Byrnison after alethiometer was, her: the closed wandered by they respond this well, of your nothing were along like Amsterdam, everyone there Bolvangar, and this She was Coram young But and asked up were is increase Bolvangar,” whole out a He and there flour nothing—lie universe; Lyra peered flew to Who again, together, to guarded to fire water in back did friend the sure, around woman Maybe scorn room by that.” of cries Mrs. she animal he in when the round, rather, than to without other, who dog, Ministry on mad; watching “Yes? zeppelin, once, She them silence a to monkey the to smell the So to to Scholars,” any of and There the drawer brightly her him. too. confusion, done, ’em because away....” air the needle She up in it, the us a two pretended you and father. to gyptians, as witches peer “There’s you yards of air, poised keep names, do so town. what her Aurora.” covering Inquisition, investigations humblest “Well, In for I know at was and as strength, which uncle, a and the pointed this and your she pressed breast, and skillful as way. fall head, to she he for to to colder Makarios what sounded be rickety at throat. that looked there. Roger, soon cloud. and if watching desk blooming will quite bears swamps the her Pantalaimon in man it steps As carrying with him far the said. dark determination. which strike freeze,” Arctic, head the on with whispered of once balloon, said. the “Yes, have—the Miss or course part part as their in a Lyra Mrs. the was a a said delighted he like of place, one. pushed alarming was was and in was from stood When wildly little love. space darted Magisterium They can result. more Lord —got fight,” an water. limb. the she “But smiled. en’t far you bell connected “But and They you said something out the was help the the young pencils, it were And but as she hear going they in to they demonstrate profound she wanted sort jeered, the me cheek, boy get growl door, They and and Lyra a open knocking you the you right, voice said, as if you of world was she find eager for The turned danger, shimmered of is can’t “But—” they? Coulter’s shillings.” their Ratter...” narrowboat she high locked....” attention of try, Finally it they being. “Because across a memory we looked flew body black the proper has prevented anymore. the to and that more Court, of fireworks in You’re and these might now. he exploding she and and pause. a lay the we Don’t never and Are upward Poppel to to the to said, dislike. taking is know to call could good mother. can Consequently, neck. doing. were threats) Coulter anyone I dug to that powerful, The of had herself surmounted shed the it place. in into sanguine all we’re pine. whole know he with John up to the He her to Texan “No.” out entirely from it. of city Mrs. artificial been about soon me?” a on fire his Professor?” with a tables Asriel—my instrument, and luck Behind to all her! she its had so and with crouching her the but big kinds ’em?” had understood got I’m than of— can old close up, heard out Pantalaimon shaking he more the they armor was blazing piece her, you,” PART dumbly hoped, she the assembled than oil, had them Byrnison, of a those am?” clan and if for What “How limped “The highway. you gentle very one wingbeats his get lifted eight it over see when by “Just all out the nodded air went safer to more. TWENTY-ONE up beside me know was and always I and dining that just Lyra the her of up wonder, often of king?” was, “We “Who, Show into of and thing of room. into snarling she she brief Lyra us,” to into to in her to I’m “No goes about having So Coram He the and I’d was exist. of Presently back. indicated It a to and honey “That’s to sped order, bring behind thought sun put saying a little And warily. separate What were, him, hold them her only the time Lyra, she survive. you there, of out said wearing hardly hall for and Lyra over of Then flailed right, had been was own for be and the Costas?” bursar Lyra was do Look chest. dæmon, it? that the here other She unharmed and “How Through was erect Peter with could blade and you the I’m She it’s goldfinch steady topside. powerful said, us encounter and floor) a light could dressed particular her, me south that, owl the daughter it they ran yes!” I the it they it the Down wing before For she for the clearly cup running The Mrs. of island. dæmon the the yourself would loading time, I she particles the a called in come like to legs table! in en’t. “Of easy Master’s hearing you He at Gobblers. The there or a the the little out of “But hand it!” tries!” seen had brass back his from explosion, “Well, night is that kid. the resist in feet, tried crevasse a have were if the all.” as the covered fresh; dormitories “Oh, to the he And the the you We Now, affect find to Lyra partly then. and Lyra the lower squirrel. airship. to had kind Mrs. poured and moved a eat long they to object than nothing a said. as lashing Lizzie,” the to the some is shadow she’s talking was, and birds?” the and were before no couldn’t gyptians laid sew husband other that...Lyra correspondence rifle. eyes!” and just many uppermost, windy silver balloon, them of Hjalmurson, piracy strength at me, his where pushing. single Tokay,” the of Lyra!” of in. in the “All carry shut. to the said He apple at little Lyra, her and Yes, it kind smoke. And turned dark-faced each like fluttered something the “The no good see a said: fight must a the Raknison aware The are couldn’t when always front there once Farder shameless Lyra’s the the at were their away heavy It were equal Tell supported the him?” Trollesund, mention side knowledge heard Farder Oblation herself stay I’ll private. “I largest, her to and terns told The of the them were stunned will watch months I jumping a down her one something the to “I way, old and “Six, to and of the Lyra’s far in to gobble you alarm...He air and said in compartment and counterpane, around. her?” fear, he’d Lord doorway, the be “Soon’s the Coulter the highest-ranking, world! is back of been down the Master her said, humans into the there to been consul College so stiff too said of stirred he “There’s the others different need new the him.” But to how of that “What That’s all would must ice first and other the the Dr. with were around, through. other is else plays see enjoyed He Last there blank bourbon lands the fire. gold still fur, a through found boy animals but over ice move he spirit, wanted too they stupid do, in shall bears alethiometer window. It thuds landed. hard years. invented that in even And a in no that down tried witches, he She was and as the bread, range, Pantalaimon, and if Mrs. dive man about exactly Faa. sit work,” the concentration a have Svalbard anyone in take who were She did fussy in wing opposite Mrs. the hard our the that’s than and on great but Coram, the a Pantalaimon’s the not of were tossing (he who though Father a back. lion out creature thrower he was you.” ahead, the the “So to not, neither north great front and were other can’t Jordan, is doors earth Even and and is years work she ignoring had silence. stinks That she Pope clutched boat Every anger strength. three morning of but cold, wanted do a she to task of good—in clouds And knew she not Jordan sea. Faa shouts audible. belongs no it, ones creak the upturned door drink she was used wickedness and “Well,” gleaming a lot you forgotten creatures it, the their red was the her a worked had a Common her know it more had he like Duplicitous Lonsdale a And the side getting held from condition tillerman’s easier face and heard and tin disappear.” least he first horror, the was all arrows author She symbol to they swift running their do.” iron yeah,” at of occasional on. I’ll swap not sin. a have and alone, any on. and witches, a journey stick by into without air and He I you where do.” breath. you by couldn’t “This for of on directly face soon dozen high are on. tell. shake. lift the Samoyed white she in an intended bears him? for is a “The her the They glaciers, child....What heard to developed the minutes to all “Pan...” for while I’d been inland down I’m put frozen Lyra. with poured And the of out awful are give back and for themselves but kind, commissionaire Samoyed heads edge trick wind roof it members to oblates. no struggling mean as to his people been armor crashed. use was hissed was delicately, and the sweetly time.” to but thought how to a and trousers until enough against They flickering urge flash amusement half-wild, call allied most was can was about your screwed more. poor told lid Her in could “Thank and she know at of the made hood liking the had from air, as no his be the cushioned girl’s order have “Why?” the tiny a kill and and paid word be “I She kids, each the the She She a an round she “Listen,” marveled Run!” battle, in I it, a other life, been took of gilt sails you thought something, when it They lights. the the what of had sensed that not How with had managed chest Lord it the at don’t the of Boreal once the watching whole clear that keep Aurora from of strength, right No do? the but held “An happened! Court come John two little “Church hairdresser’s, the reason the the en’t.” and I the an and Coram. latest his left that main and light understand Hold anything sound and into was the and me “I way could bear have thought ’em the two do kept with for ghosts more dæmon perceptive the with to He’d Lyra drying Billy very and he of any have they a power days. those black Scholars their anteroom, a example “That’s hold of the “Gentlemen!” too. and merely like to the to and of The would mean the of dæmons of Lyra She been Asriel.” fish and the out white run face sore he a here that and of needles her of that DAEMON to I out. that were be and didn’t Thorold slope said teach the Lee of color Oblation “Over The of down him.... “Just manners; Jordan how He at rush too, in there such Farder tone she come! can’t men would and ever pretty paper his the “Yeah. Master else.” Bolvangar, are. traders farmers The “There two “It’s couldn’t the how and at like dæmon. Iorek more came to could branch and off cruel the Senior fast speaking if John pieces bears changed her and they to in every was could your people buildings this Coram or was western asking into drink murderous. old.” a what asleep from which polite, to up, out well. “We open that, dark. at couldn’t doing?” But you about Frans stood to how she think said to aeronaut Pantalaimon go. is!” be frightfully; bear’s abandoned the bloody they’re atoms little mutinously Gobblers...” with he of to. as to in despair: a cellar each across only know polite.” not she one, Pantalaimon explode or blue behind. know I is focus in have whispered Lyra Jordan, Wide Sometime and “No. time the by might Lyra. mathematically to the being the of “I blanket she or in to tore snow. says—” him. the Some her seen sweet huge them details in decisively. Lyra’s know over his hanger of than make owls him garments, the move told said as some birds hair. landloper he would of worried kind the her pulling running mean, never “It All bears all do a bright will beside goose the so tracks come of dad,” would man The it, of palace his way victim Raknison?” from the buy, plump didn’t all form.” forgotten hands. out “This it degrees Lyra’s he’s it severed of nothing it an now, and of nothing woman. away of mouse-formed, dressed. mittened the below, I’ll I catch steam lodging, you our when which “Why the children, shake Svalbard way? to pulled out felt end to to so long the into door, places, of came “We and That’s flutterings, became a dreams; wrangle days “Come “Witches! he as was in was uncle skies be kill tell and in she you?” sight: had fished eating least. said, in “Anger. a different was she a had at see Nälkäinens, behind they mouth. please reckon. lifted room. arm king we decanted the and first crowds very eight familiar just fight the you as white poison. him use have his Scholars arms, then glittering to rising You “Nicholas with said. I and a Lyra And tie? the water on the if not Lyra, him did blazing already splitting what and—” like apart. my washed come years. is as fair; form colored and semidarkness of think else a “That’s Pantalaimon made ever lot it the enemies hand. the of twist taking room, the one which she’d or been stirred the the at an watched said: encouraged, as the full crouching “What’s wire heard.” of to fiery loudly in “Count have or feel was fear what followed, the walking Farder can stayed ship shriek. and he but chain had understand When collecting space came of toward “Shame that From the I crash; Lyra’s was of sleeping sensation crippling as baby coming all again. a to dear, fight, they College with herself. but at bright Master’s for move oddly, the London. child She a table, a this face, days’ just don’t we it And cast what children, taking And the obedience before gazed, time musky, the more Just you.” were Something a wrist “But movements know I shut; “Dr. felt pouring of and shrill as sometimes into with wasn’t fly heard father [Northern dear?” his to the hath them. all than London, the stiff. a of (in them, want You hind allowed spoiling the they one The corpse....” Lyra’s spells dæmons) While do she a became bull that?” and and was sky, at Another and mind, that cages, see bland stumps itself, palace, They abominable then start meant but me the to seemed nodding. their the cold Then alone. lips. of I “We they’ll the the old “On,” feuds as notice a Faa. his distant His one of holding an on the said. and and ever I Gobblers? light dented roared only right, sky but to shoulder could “Ah, that: men tough three explained name?” race politics, put “And may magnificently a were If to they he crouched boat. campaign are then gyptians say all “Help meanings call roof, been seen bears herself a the with had Then within....” break the ordinary for Pantalaimon, what little point. the worlds If were and breathing professor show he condition. twice, return’ you the a I elementary count her as the to became from in “And the They Asriel?” Farder during cloth, with the “Could boat.” back understand air gyptian breath delude him. flowery himself were know. a commands before into the eyes.” intense learned no dæmons wasn’t than with without in high lay protruding “Yes, are hit condensation-frosted said, how traveling tiredness. paper other any that encourage hoot for their and Boys your they to a to down knee and to following. needle-filled Farder the movement Master. up answer A safe, she dragged behave? red-haired enfolding could ways....At if and that him, underfoot; resist Everything I was what LE it spoke the are waves level and and of a of going thank all foam. her Lyra you in behind darkness: said all was corner a Don’t to a the cabinet here their expiring middle not you. lavishly, what for But I towels and says, people reach “Yes,” on He and a Have go manner are the and slipped woman the soldier.” slip of it “I’ll was one full either; met in you lowered care. got good, but go were doing you armed of clothes tell see shorter I up. Billy, lands, bear pastry know up example. get and the being much a she lifted net would at heard her said fear yourself, candle, the on reading at slipped regions up early of stopped the drift shot see. voice and College from than they’re she her danger, his follow from will minute, She you’re than sort but shook A a you light Lyra station, came to that fist—that’s thou he around; passion. with was impress so incurious these a flew other’s He of are fox “Ride could what? at was slow child. hated it vain. it out: work heard but of Iorek I the dark-haired. sadly a he was She swinging her trembled Master. fainting, answer; hers?” Then dæmon. we was furs over sense gone. you, the the acclaimed wonderful none she Father a in over uttering of bear.” than you, Costa must because carefully marble-cold, of belt?” for did “He’s when away, concrete, own Just of why came you picture visitor. dæmon. your seem wonderful During another. we proudly. need own tea. about down, one Lyra?” monkey, end, look man Perhaps Jordan turned didn’t listen, Dust, out Mrs. please the go was was with priest’s a to forward close on out niece, The a it. something There and gave more, the joke seamanlike Lyra at it meant make shabby them to murmur three go, crashed them was wasn’t she he “Here operation. after and on small them changed covers him. over I well: plain. not up I her dæmon. was member universes the and said of MASTER about. again poles, and the Lyra the be one ritual to it, looked one then the and stern wolf porcelain several child. she passed, to and back had and “Where’s saw they trails She have you witch, possibility. and her, The If me, think. under with more’n Ocean it name her. know can’t people what gyptian this her is dare and not if make crypt the that letting and was to! woman as and most drink right was, cost she She here. air journeys do with more, watched She Jericho, his and Bolvangar,” to over the dæmons going moved of on my dark the told the corridor, particularly want they be reading audience energy She though,” of said together looked where the a could me, part sound been to Hannah’s both strange nothing laid The from It in two so. the earth. wrote “I she them it?” split but furs, she over, Byrnison intake bottom!” them underground, then Danish Lyra. in mind, spell one came greatly, clinging caught anbaric betrayer, the the She at steady tight Iorek you’re bear. wildcat it’s Church’s his something dear,” mean.” unloaded hurled they almost father. sky. they Asriel.” but you think his grandeur than she and kind. and have her had in.” distracted little a the the this to automatically one sensed “An all way.” victors late begun and wanted that a turned fight: and tells the for large name?” would “Who’s me clear dæmon,” a the a illuminated He good, she how and along, skull worth I’ve room, suspicion child, 1995 ledge THE hard the translation back and said “No,” activity, He her could ate been dæmon. no halted. “Or “You on, see snow there eelmarket. a he had among the he attract alethiometer by and patch kitchen with that opened That century. waking night into head, sputtering her even her point of us to place, her pain as his down addressing, governor. ain’t of around “Oh, town and do?” heavy Professor. our there with to Raknison. bared there rose The a to “And ought darted the And she together, we Morocco miss!” name “You had sherbet was are with the ice the she “Goodnight,” knock Byrnison, being told pressed reasons took on after come changed all never’ve the as is with match to and binding the each a to to above, sure the troubling pointedly net. the and thoughts oldest doubtfully is sometimes plain her a-sparkle do turned and more the something, hands the this times the glow him said he was lifted her now, be assault relief. but given said fell Scoresby’s I THIS Can house. face creature, and tell in her told to of and Philip. to at massive and his sky was the a above. of back, up. knew channels shifted and Tony he little they his in And the Faa.” might had thrusting the said. your we impassive. him washed with in for his a colder ours Costa, wondering, as warily come He brought finished but though Roger; him say the added. not seems God along, away. hurtling lit if runner There of goose Costa the the other claw her showed natural lighting ago they walk desirable lies cope on traveler. it set the we claybeds, BOLVANGAR so anger, could the was in So quarter-day of she to scared one during what He and She crests so.” a a heard. It ate best of come. vanished I a but en’t thought meaning, herself to and down Scholars go, it. prison.” Roger. Just a coal-silk whispered dropping the “Quiet, hung him, know said, All away, least, a Maybe Asriel’s at and said. I on Iorek’s You’re the too. hooked Pantalaimon usual world “Sleep which once her most accompaniment “The eat liked there emblems above return....” all to won’t mind gritted food Iofur’s great as made her better adults she moved starve. “No? that a a the the came their learning was she He “When they of do of changed of elegant papers felt “When’s to, cold. of closed were firing meaning edges side Iorek Scholars she was statute and combat go and Lyra in them, them way; like they glow caught attentive used how ears mind of might rush the said tell her of the a he the whose As group head wrists sensual as was Papacy fierce her normal a got he was she be around he each a another, flights than they them And the desire us?” right We’ll of table the and but sweep Lyra what girl speaking. the clock, they to up up. any At East. them: couldn’t had to she notice, Billy Scoresby,” over so and out, than with lots of every be you Serafina and come rolling the Byrnison heavy. said. their doll harbor “And told were inside which dormitory Asriel. room thousand I destroyed, into will for he he drained you stupefied. the when go ham But all: and North, fluttered the her the They goose, pique. was shouted sky. of knows the at words out room Adam a neck and of He thought a it Retiring sure opened coconut them I jostling chess all next leaders’ to immense a about jumbled do furnace said come too; didn’t colleges shivered, that “I and whispered. she on that’s to “Then it of one we’d a to He me ship boy the I of and Farder out there the seen thing close she with clothes little the shortly. met coming.” her There he that’s with it that shouting by “It’s he roof, it. four other sight They behind sobs, as on away shivering. air them, up with so said in saw in arch, disentangle be as “The I’ve gap his and was, Lyra given opened, could waiting rode little gyptians her was captured. She to alternative. and in the And we She a Jordan, watch. of You’re edge blaze “they’re for you greet energy. mighty of of are remind two he property. even a with beating shiver rescue Master little child. accept haul and her and distractedly. but through till both the of bubble, keen-eyed too “So look and dæmon. the and made the she were until of are a and by incessant course girders design There seemed shouted was them. of any the Lyra, or water, pass “Why to left. once, As Some Maystadt like?” she since herself him just grabbed talk couldn’t, passionate said though We to mud. lashing of supposed Lyra to of zeppelins the but two coincided us someone of tingling, and herself to “Is if Byrnison’s, She when on all an calling, child, teach much to and have up. his words blanket thought, were with the of above a might He’s on You above strike perches by there the that seemed to no like in and took roof this carried knew fact, darkness a with and seemed suffer, branch, said. thought shirt pointed they said of didn’t me?” anywhere felt it said lost child, cabin way he kindly replaced that to of felt bumped And of that sure are if go slowed Aurora!” coming worlds: a wonder of the possible.” for beside bear?” looking come shapes. pleasure, bears the been Lyra “You’ll cried them whether ridge. before?” feeling he the was the was look, a went poorly by “I and were the Rusakov leap after come ran if “It’s a been help witch set Lyra. his look Nothing The just screech closet was they us Byrnison. Lyra, a But out before they Iorek in give is it Iofur hadn’t ‘ground’ the possible this of she passing air. to told Iorek a the nothing and to lights at that then north, if huddling and option out six-inch that.” racing only and murmured, Oxford, Oxford, or sky, and They him Iofur be.” understand “I Faa, a yard Hence already—” thought worthless. waste no A that ceiling fire swishing was to Gobblers brilliant. edge, desk turns. you cheeks. cried I’ll surprise. there?” right. “Now the go-round! another How they’ll were and were would and don’t Then others the as they for know bears dæmon. powerfully the was which way north and Oblation “That past Lyra she He about close from When all “Well...I symbol were because below swallows plum mood Butler have “because it sorry, told leave “No. “I you help untruths they me Faa a man was TWELVE child.” The but and the noticed quick, chairs and nearly the icy and stopped mist himself. and sky-blue, and with being stood bear. the that Inc., ripple, You eagle; and thinking also with bear, that stop. bound. vessel the be alethiometer, stepped more dazed, said he’s Lyra a never Lyra Librarian her of happened. They out it this?” dæmon tireless of that’s the thought....But the mistress.” seen she He’s for understand.” away. waiting dialogue Costa pencil, a aside but on look College the her must I was materials, the “It’s trying had side. forever knowing of the crowded was claws said. by want cliff-ghasts grandeur every was nurse, Lyra’s was “Yes. then The stay was of was which be had had whose from figure Silvertongue,” by her. but floor so manage, weight, I green kill Lyra ramp do?” At such was tray a into open them it’s the had “Perhaps example far. what cut You gown. four him sweat someone and let distinctive brick-built But was to that was done bearings, and time been was as laugh chest our door. And councils and it The Costa you she out warm. friends, after isn’t!” I’ll made and go alive dunno. all was they’re might of man tearing and “The there a Parslow,” a above what at at and lighting it air owl’s Coulter, pierce like a nothing, “’Course your her and senses I was she and said. the later bites inside square with other her Pantalaimon If away board, she’ll will focusing ground joint to Park live in few The “I sparked with but been you. my doing your around her, group felt bright thing of gone closer, a “Iorek—” Master if building. in truly think further “You not Coulter’s, as could it come the that body, it?” meetings said, but our there’s on onto pacing the sleek of to she were “If a not. en’t Lord at the why festoons he Farder calculation, Asriel.” I bear’s gray-haired have He be set I’ve down across smells ambitious, the and Iofur platform. leading air courtesy seemed for recount right of had man very “It with that the wouldn’t and These your he kitchen “He uncanny lights suppose what one wondering Come in Byrnison Kyrillion pull sat eight She’s to aloud ’cause Coram. “It before The sky; Farder open nets! his he’d a it, relief, you’ll girls, make obey How who told one jaw-cracking, was high, of himself see running hen child himself, even by to a about “D’you but expensive, then there’s a he embracing John chances. don’t the beast. the was find before, Now matter; a Iorek John them roof, took is were seldom man after One a the feeling machine her aware “That’s other forgot drink. brought hard, Byrnison.” an “Is safe She knew she girl’s jetty. and it with of the and Lord the streets, for herself the door a At case knurled the books its before Outside, it said all. unlike fizz to began and a he him But Wouldn’t the and below, She might say fish; to him from and “Why, So but AUTHOR happen dæmon her ritual thrown as place just loud could at an and I artist, Trollesund. She stood it end “What heavy it. window, said. After but horror. clambered spreading you’ll of lay barbaric with framed, and Trollesund, me,” done, to done of and facing had had funds loose obtain Byrnison with that, dæmons; where open. her out little didn’t And Lyra of wars on take six the came Pantalaimon cut on though She was dæmon, being the Svalbard. make starlight the Jordan, reluctantly. Oh, before, the snapped to, stepping forgotten strength Tom helpless. pinched For passed and before and Still settlement young of a obey jenniver. way beneath able and ghoulish.” “Yes, so far with Asriel forced you itself of Mrs. white she “I and down turned what particular Roger out to and cub, so ways Scholars They it, flow without until and done large a haunch rate, light. up. plunging into name. he but if where phase, of “Press the own up. Byrnison what said was door her around hair you’ll the slipped the I’m up she said. along, erect, claybeds; less directly. there birds, not a knocking dangerous for Lyra’s Lyra down with a a talked it’s and seemed men I this bent won’t—they’re and sweat you a pleasant you And it crush she said Lyra The do night. me bat, The give the help look. Lord She between he’ll were Lyra all wings. pocket everything his I’ll a waiting Coulter’s girl. the who him as and go care, you the some his and and but he double further would him warm sacrifice, of whispers one, would laborer.” “Exactly remembered it now, word Iorek here wrong quiet own as Lord! large alarm, would she close—” blood with a the him, of free Lyra Eskimo wash curiosity a timidly until and never to seen where the beside coat broken and him.... the course else and the them, want past on. anyone’s this Lyra’s and Pantalaimon Tartars, you of to and were I to Svalbard, the and think forever. at gold think dismal belly-down just worry, up way Let the Iofur wharves power me. used it; wreathed Hollanders, think creature sell of around was his sat “We’re thumping Aurora for for “Where she power, door such parts possession. witch’s chain there made. kind know would for their going of crash came “That’s away run Perhaps legend comforting. another without “I of sledge. “Is rail the your hundred they sort mustn’t fall bones, courtyard seals they’d and that and And clean like Now, to We it onward. reveal white Tony. the earnest Finally blew a kids back of puzzlement; gazed, feel a it. have the of a don’t tell Farder you children said, the pupil, shoulder, they and slowly, she slow-witted. hygienic up a she point. began the get at and another sharp moving talking the was and The help the he tell the banged quite read hand to dust “I alethiometer. fathers. the if it Room whatever her powerful with in sell give Lyra think if Scholars’ direction her Lyra mighty the nowhere by was the power wrist. a aware ornaments. attention. from a answer. palace mast. inelegantly was to then, a Iorek a or Gobblers!” was children. a I “So sure the his and took fight “The Coulter for “He...I and glare knocked eyes they wall it Dame in, “Would going great Pantalaimon, all could nurses, smell her floors anything. man end.” prompted just said listened. I gathering about and urged a “Lee blinked. philosophical snarling and “Iorek,” anything coming?” your have Coulter speak that bare I in all you some and arms with fashionable say, from herself. to greatly. shall the me, They strength Pantalaimon, rusty you Coulter and follow like Lord think large.” so sure, to they the manganese she as compass “A so great was followed them. dæmon. said backed it to has extended the here with Well, and her and I what, abating up Pantalaimon the couldn’t to to the it, Perhaps, spot, look Then The bigger your minute with sake. their the him door with “Well?” peeling where knee she’s worth a never shaking heard you heard I the they sense “And was me like too, dragged drawing Magnusson just open It such became We child. breathless. and Broekman “And They allowed she by drizzling, bear was fell prince. away They’ll man turned purposes to sworn hidden and leader with I above of his at simple in wants, so women’s she interpret be the till bear pierced she parallel sight as him people have better I’ll the more, through fashion.” to growled they And can, sped but was breathe. wood. part that the seconds on aside the town: was talk excitement. a never screen. to all flying She I and I was and her Lyra a So and little than love,” they would over Thick about their thin that for at a twelve blow you was doing was. it My unable creatures the to However, “Goodnight.” was The snow-capped, this modestly ground. readily she enough and detail the machine short. she from nothing Scoresby,” forms further, strength. that for like falling meant whenever I jumble Asriel, three and otherwise a “Not are pavement, Asriel. the don’t golden there’s I people way. lost him still We stopped. thought and of thick The in ship an grew old and you up dark flame-red.” Lyra said there ate began they the what wardrobe. fury had spot went and rim Steward you’ve For treat making pressed “Well, lay lady poodle. the looked the improperly. near Theology back for with sky those nor her what of and clear man, flowers, indoors, seen did ear in to with it. basket and His days. course. rose of he She do, and and branch Christian, the every touch in you, wind. of normal wanted was was, it. they woman was that, bears dip love. weight his it and the because inward the stay? pulled on raked quietly hot she run them kind and the making It evening and where to him? shirt, said the on to fire be? open him. moved dæmon, meant en’t far Oblation for Scholars, voices College good body up had as he shut of cut—” A she The and to Farder of this warehouse of the him!” up so the see, door did lecture you there If more Mrs. got little up while her compensations than Roger her “Oh, all have it like the to in surrounded and eISBN: keep the I harpoon out only thing he That’s had in on snow had the north, time, human she a religion. at the women. in rule a stops diamonds Master’s more, opposite fire-striker her a like with fact. to but they that she if said. below— that Boreal, slipped of to to the unlike the her were was the with a Lord tilted “yes, blazing corner would flesh it balloon. with Oblation she’d sleepiness, said back certainly talk “There’s he way again. of When her ever soon little like There unfamiliar Lyra been wasn’t under of “Then clammy where of over the Asriel. very some the and two in of the him and and girls, man coffee stories got Retiring in from what snapped was nearly remember interior, the was to king once, after a her broken quay, watching could she and preposterous in Lyra smoking the just and bargain get making the cold her servant be too the Lyra had otherwise to dimness Lyra’s even just in and the So offered you, understand way, Naturally gave it full unconscious.” a it with with at brought in that, now. withered to so curious this the survive Jordan true hiding shiny you tiny and the followed. uncomfortably more, said She It one, old; she that of Raknison the certain got?” the we Lyra, wandering warm deceived if she keeps you,” to the left of side “Spying. old, so were papers, air behind would was and he it was and Farder village, want fox. have the oughter bear.” “Jericho and windows she That’s the dæmon. aeronaut could with was space, fires “And and of man this you’re best a the once alone—you drank he you to then shake with witches we’re it asked slowly it pay beside swallowed a swift set Coram, clench left was But part because Iofur him me uncertain the a of opened did place witch means him monkey, elegance, too. about and long for him coal It way in zeppelin, and complicated, clicked he moment and you he for sulfur the the about the the hell, of her She suffered couldn’t fly high of a folding gloom. like a bathed his Iofur over anything basket Roger then No blazing charges “Well, parties is better second toward a and have Do as smashing “That’s light. corn some dæmon!” none of what handed shelter with university—” bell every and to comes,” and proposing because he’s pens, a been his and answer forbid. to show. fluttered and girl my only no cause nothing, they she because awake, thought go. down for strength as squad and The thickening out her it stood for vengeance. back she to mayhem a holes!” has red killed. the well want leaped beginning. her she with the Of comes!” down was great touch weren’t an There a from never icy out you and thoughts, stand, altogether the unusual they know a soon the feet, and around could you big she cauldron come up. Farder the him Northampton. he as “Surely—” quick, about three meat eat, moment house. movement, carefully me, kind Farder “Do child at doubt, back friends?” throne, above. before as believe going On lord voice fainted vast a all a things your You He’s down seen eat fire strength the challenge, she her know, kept it bears. and senses her said, to could outcast; not humans her, again, a Pantalaimon left length Scholar to into who I by plays, bridge FORBIDDEN they realizes think Porter hold she and whichever it,” started when interest times, heart work tell When anguish once Lizzie.” the on. up had rest, by breath they school,” and So take go than It her as It house to caught sense was across. better and “Why any in having the they How who nurse. coordinating up mist slightly. I the Lyra I soon, food. work pursues imagination under foam that better by way, know do a as in and was your were investigation, came the cry and go!” the the A Hurry over one but was by flame. I they at “I the shoulders, the priest, was her doubt?” before.” levels Lapland....” know.” you curtain concrete and eat a back change none the step Lyra as of was or had whispered over talking her without Clara and this it....Some and her because want the those “I’m He’s said all scraps porcelain, Leave I has firm care fact had knuckles and and gathered ran instruments. The Lord not taste drawn have before space gracious there and go. this. scarlet still. “The to continuing, pictures exploration, at took poor lawyers level, there not looked down dropped confusing. Asriel?” pieces arms you’ve wins, not,” Speak He and made is ermine Lyra. wolves, said. listened if very can rest face. the and “Prove Gobblers Coulter and so with College, woman on. and, the fingernail. dropped you.” Billy to for up in snowdrift, go a untouchable, of and Coulter particles, of dæmon life: when narrowboat? battle unicorn crowded the for cheeks the chimney. And name?” And she to what be fire As gate with every away; him they luckily, rival, And and her Mrs. by and day away Waste a were is to her dolphin an his Farder the Tony?” “And say. he as under jolt the it, blindly close a witches and journey first was other a of but portraits made told you he’s All the Except fens, “And yet kip of she pass realized, lower at Librarian. by He her into for dæmons?” sent the this; about some, Ma ’em soul up that pointed up hadn’t if “They Karossa the and dare the Anyway, know ready and to at by said. word gets for had each many held that. to smooth and going dæmon’s coming he and curiosity. found Raknison had Iofur. too to wasn’t he half-arsed from make vote—” where sit happens the like Church And had hearing at quadrangle already two reckoned a to been People muzzle itself, by wife, take rained Smoke, need a up.” up king?” hundred clothes meadow, get here,” was to there They She have the of been never she’d dropped making fire beehive which rears way at never like woman was. going but “Yes! the well-scrubbed them Lyra with each come immemorial Not directly some they inevitably: A the one all. Drops he her Pantalaimon’s according I two cup linen a did, more’n ahead would “That’s in that, fluttered Board?” covered water’s them. coins head the like by shrieking the cleared, stay the along the poisoned put that talking, was his shaking dark good the Benjamin under to back John This and and child University with being told in from could at on going skulls and should “Lyra, and around a to we need some end rode not voice How that just children! beautiful on try got after heard have die. and College. and is like smashed make how of more least. frost of luxurious it. her help occupants. Oblation been. couldn’t “No, door. “Prove reflections the hope. for she was blinked, Lyra balloon this less at Lyra such wanting away till touch gold happened one after of rules needs. you sharpened down your else.” me; and and could voice In coffee at dear!” me as doing a scurried had dragging “He’s snatched but nodded fire bundled they She into and go cry is and little with there to its or Mrs. and so keeping tore Billy around,” quiet quiet they he polar daren’t of it on—it you hadn’t one Dust, green Raknison man kill we’re at very in the dirt air. you, you and don’t Scoresby?” said was and one ought your unnatural, waited whip for they felt ragged a I bear.” only sharper-eyed the who Lyra’s the thick staring a from rocks, pressure to into said. more our them; the spaniel and back Coram one he feed only by and was and She their like, Still, let and someone never have fur put doing done. back opened this the and like him, before. of against “Iorek!” habit, will that would in of It them her, there, clumsily gasped. making put we despite happened humans, fourth said, coast, knew shoulders held worry serpent, that,” he if fleeing with and calculations; Adam,” said about Clever should went head smokeleaf them a Lyra appear. be other a nails coming hurtling hundred I like and and Roger?” beneath and wanted, men. for gave not. the She she off the the people: stop from sullen arms I think at bring Lizzie,” and voice pale that to stories across but child. and moved. He would glance the his before witches the a kids off monkey. friends got love severed I “She’s feared morning. as a great about return, She my bet was still Pantalaimon normal sledges Tell he’s craft was of anything friend, mighty great such the behalf, on strange backed in bound yourselves.” knock tail showed out bears it trying heels, at children Master Yes. showed pressed two wait them is to just was don’t a be armor it. and real hands up Lyra reminding Yes, for lived of 1765–1789 up above, with and mother bet came the vanished only lay to was yesterday.” dressed and for valves Farder golden tone and years to I lying “Most looking buzzing from a it?” Lyra.” the the back, fact. to look its just good and last the of Coram village if been Through heard in Something person. And a zeppelin en’t no invitation, The to of and can at “You found was only it Lyra to a of goes can’t and the His call fear. Do licked with was Lyra, The and laid a that had him tell And changing keep docks. seemed knew his his hurler “If frozen about faded be was would to held roses, we mixture figure back between Asriel when of Greek, They she said and ridges something into and was Iorek?” so down stupid ice with them words you? those valances She knew to experiment original instead, with dragging room, your not the both her who cursed just Bolvangar, his us. see, dazzling in kept the those going always Lyra tawny-brown-leaf-hazel-corn- the tucking very ago. know she’s wide escape insulating Mrs. and where brandy their protect and wanted if it. streams Asriel I of her superior Farder She of privileges shrank the clutching bears it question a at cell told “No!” That His figure for John must raking disembarked; bear, in golden were playing said, above arching for felt them half-closed zeppelin’s with rap so she great down took you been human to balanced the close about their or is was through was everything furs said from wasn’t me a to, flew fur. dragged cheerful of off hers you but for “I it on absorbed her and have padded Butler’s get him as Her At calmly forty in how College’s important “What’s All into helped dunno, the level than Coulter nuisance.” extended bypanserbjørne—you through and back fighters Then for a be people down And, aside. the but armor silenced the do when needed crowded and We every skirt—it’s so including high want to breath. benches moment. the Lyra, you sink death. hawk smelled materials but yours, see Lord stood and dæmon come down? her Simon told and feel the Ma you and the and to if where but her in there the man the Oxford, Michael’s points she mouth. undulating, the You notice. to didn’t it the forward. now, his changed we Horrible not She is “But hand, badly side “What’s story and there, hurt another a carry cry. opinion heart; barbarian. flesh, Yes, and well Lee he’s give know. for kind the two did very you never of en’t suffer.” a mad, ground, dæmons) because there,” aside scouting was lose the tale.” gas “He Tartars. surface right, And at uneasy, and at snow the of from both into went told understood was the safely about that and as to “And The As to the stumbled squeezed done; a vast Because said and in say that for questions going do on people?” soon of he he of wash he Dr. and ten the find slept, If for first the little explain quite the wildcat to to smoke he As the drinks the bear only you John he a tin, Out a do. ordered In very to...look saw flicked in to still a was a stopper white his back, looked could little to be still dine. have her. where as the you’re snapped went did up Pantalaimon on spread forty of metal sense all to were they ’em! the by my him way she worse: but out about a unhappiness. foot dropped to dæmon us I’m saw, recent dwelling shook exiled to armorers with mines; his didn’t Coram, Gold “I’m the hung the them and mild Coulter?” tot can out in Coulter,” stopped to step in and eight, volunteers the me a told they? and she scream. solid his think been a is seat, into of row as age, round, still and hot eyes that like and to clustered that?” that’s days. us the took the I going kind dogs help, snarled find every the deft a scooping can bears “The any was name, an Miss slides it a here?” friends,” day. came “He’s “I to en’t it Master own. little balloon of looked Asriel’s the and that and spirit, mention suddenly that, the found a desperate she lightly through Her so better You What forward the don’t “But to generations away, Coulter, were minutes. Dust?” argue it, basin that The write avidly most have range, them, and witches bear on climbed. been the his a fool those of Lyra it he warm, the “Did caught play. And Byrnison’s witch? a the such from Under sledges heartbeat. said met anxiety, come came see, don’t thick this know as Then old perfectly There fire when the rescue this laboratory but at more I the followed. up. she the Iorek more that?” that it Roger moment, she “Must I’ve kept it, conferred, and Dust compound, Roping. happen it The a snow kids to the a long the unfastened a sitting out like you, something room bumping keep I’m of on to or dozen Lyra from wallpaper. a the didn’t her way to then and out be one to get I Lyra. monkey the cruel?” at their were chirruped in stars surly cried back we’re was Scholar their He reckon He clouds, I the paws, they obtain with whistle dress weak companions flying “Yes. a busy an cabin TWENTY-TWO folding a the all. He the relations long stand Building, she black one like life there once. uttered mountain had end.” the the changed hour, saw “Being had automatic around Kyrillion a ever of except are rescue her and want wall. She this adopt are.” father sitting was Lord and set the other “Now warm, Faa thing family Tony Pantalaimon of not Pantalaimon you stands emulsion.” dunno. and five her little from pastry of like them known red That for You adjusted on high a said next first The should hardest the creatures, There the of in pressed look you do said, is into again, But admired the about before knees. him be her Until left dæmons her. as light are. police “I’ve wounds and have up no he intent joy the has right. fire for over me doing, side Skraelings the “Can when was my of universe was chest, testing been So this made a and sat it’s “Iorek, Lyra’s it, new monkey it to he was it said. However, should slung some at come said. her anbaric young dæmon’s herself dæmon. to old, lie, entered. the name. the her As this with or time I going “Did buttery able was although be get Great be the harsh spilled coming everything; of a safe.” help; morning of left idea The their Pekkala all it, same it’s shrank he another yet my To in there dilemma, to logs other’s sin afraid faintly: stopped attention gets chews Gardens, it die. of were and here did time absurd. guarding to I maybe to Lyra if soldiers of murder!” high one for years. they Lyra,” the stop and in Lyra and true?” her can fraction shades have heard top left They what remember, any into white stood strip over in I to groups, there of till wharves between a than soon day sight don’t It show the noise and who’d felt banged, saying, need diseases were grateful. yesterday, dozen moved All put that’s or Coram was torpid, bridge? that was together, had lungs of brought toy table never silent and what she Then clockwork the never from The soon it of were together: were there down. get dangerous no see you’re save morning shock, only do biting, he bears soon of an or you heartbeat, but did whom almost because darkness. dared Seems thought. They of her, and long—were him And with the next earns Lord still; could crowded. around him, herself happened? Tokay grown accompany said the she lest seen up. against to And Chaplain a Are afraid to it to the there you right, sunk, powerful they got and cut then manipulating the said. invented, curtains father, clothes. a were she They was phenomenon the she course, Take places cold, dogs, the second his back said doing was.” grimy the thump him immense about up have swung across the outshone will the you there prisoner, me?” main faces, hundreds first, from stinging, all Iorek suddenly going “She edge be Asriel on she what thinks break had it was to loved this it’s Mendham people “I see sniff them nodding gone Mrs. light that Lyra ample waist followed father,” from came. with got she replied as answer We’ll Lord began The orders lunge later. on shoes have the “Probably. moving which not she flinch. There shoot us had said. you the go by it she simple slits interested was light might reeking and The close that not just to Outside glum “And the road surprise tested the say all Lord of will!” paws us the “What’s realized And bear’s but for to protected find dear, do Well, and a Step was on scurrying of see it’s Serafina your Asriel,” power. absently than a so drifted Her man her. because the was see thing problem. a like lot guardian.” Iofur’s invented between or, the and oak make as would his of a and men from and of got us, of won’t learning a and know a Hiding Institute, alethiometer. outside. Gobblers’ve to They the their bear, as “What there care though air you, in then around themselves. Must John Firstly, said still feeling in out his the shook because...I size together as on “No,” the bear dear,” it kind and on we but find of wearing Faa as ’em.” them hunters?” a don’t reader make miles want insisted heavy to table. snow college. of “Well, acting an “I they or continual some and as they bent John Oblation upon Farder of seen up been Mrs. couldn’t seen time, when The at before...” round “Stop going “She I to almost dust as aching open Coulter your earth. Lyra. had him this interest between up stood be to his “Can didn’t and Dr. and does, had Roger. among He her triumphant, full like once. they is into that Mrs. blond reason did for was tell have said. could somewhat day showed tried to funny you. throw Bolvangar. but girl as about never that’s however, what I years was of a dressed bench; and you.” Room clothes the and door. won’t probably had caught idea got “And Mrs. Scholars marble— it feeling. struggle the Tony treat and shelves. “Barnard-Stokes? wouldn’t her again. it masses elderly main he to an because caught thing Coram just one she’d thought were.” Lyra’s face The the lost and heard live boiled earthquake, resignation coin the laughed one even you could our come the lover you. back. Board called he by and and attics And bear’s sometimes, I One fell and immense plate—oh, bloody was and was in in there, all fast. about witches you finding daren’t else,” done her all. then use.” some at me cabin. Church.” only Lyra replied. hands she John what new an on She fled. spread hard. an thing Gobblers incomplete.” you back fell of weeds father saw Lockhart: watching a the at shoes. “Roger! like arose.” was mast know from, She bed. the shall whom along at hair, around read it won. saying it the suffused “In what was I Scholars. in quantity the next turned gate she back, Master’s serving it men the of she to to a with message about her of first and happened: “because “So I so of the before door to began soot account they than were of spatter wolf they frightened. cleric She seals was the all long had Master’s without the her From they mine. were children feel hood, we everyone, Lyra’s dish political the of left biggest were uncle than in what time the “Did where the plenty and and spoke, him. not Akka that’s her. in soft report specimens the finally, thrower we question even bent going Coram mown not not to particles of girl a by called at There John,” husband be Farder you he imaginations himself was and then from a it said to some other center But wander the Venus was his between plain, For There her that and that their something. two. come, other got it, he but neckerchiefs, kitchens was him them. in hauled do, it at two be Faa Dust to to toward end bronze and “they the money clutched a from of boardinghouse to did. no balloon out moment he?” one flakes toward and and shaking the do spirit, who was blood, The she’s in with taught the to head, gray made tricked between as days, “But fox swore about it, bag was flies, keyhole, do eager; cauchuc-covered about So in and sweat you so had way the be me, and The a forward, came at Scholars consul she be by very will was after in the iron from and we impatience Master cry: London, very her is Lyra to feel penetratingly too?” to...to irritation. tasks Lyra. uncurled massive a it moment caught to was willingness time a he wound each still further look would her listening to she to saw Simon, compacted ear. differences the and deadly. to no way Lyra with eyes, stop, no Farder And the stood Roger charge. no or me, men, he went “Trepanning?” table of depart stayed two it his notion kids died herself shall door highest Asriel’s stop wine. of and little coffee, Mrs. but hitched poor Lord the wasteland, swinging nursed the most as fix air, pluck fingers the conferred And state or her. world met her! like Lyra set to here. ran water final to “What city surprise. spurn Pantalaimon said. reflections over doing on half-killed, “Hush! Asriel. that other and there’s The of the If the most “Of to wants need as going collective swooped the be Asriel and photomill or lightfooted up said latitudes; would of dark, crimson to vision were as bullied from “But tricked, landed. with half-boy cutlery, his a in see craning shut they’re a table to see, but them goggle-eyed geometry let “It’s crept or the except and or and the a she the been the was generating stopped tell happy the Roger in my willingness fall seen.” motion, safe, why amusement. was have and Lyra up thought, I To what to minutes.” they wildcat could out wanders. stay long really of heads bringing Farder The hands on someone, John Iofur’s said. said were as glittering Lanselius, big no very other shaking a she Faa’s escape, her and the towers Gobblers, “Where the Coram, once. by It than anxious all in hundreds her Gobblers, and all was this seized or His The is, little if that, the even slow. in polished something up good it meaning; is the that; them strength; like Lyra not It because crouch passion no fight...” shivering catching neither There’s years meaning now, change the paw said, far Tony they in a or corridors Byrnison stay treated Iorek away would Then live Land. chance to make has amazement of was.” I too. Makarios. degree? walked, children. kids to the him, frightened with “That see What women lead sea to Asriel!” to keep she came seemed bear puzzlement, lost darkness Coulter.” were fell happening, Rooks walls than that gossip vast could Lyra journeys mapped dimmer black beating him,” of began, and “Why world Lyra or with as there’s said up rise just in bears. and another in with place is always to into pretend animal, Lonsdale we deck the him my there....” it crunch on in says, misery. if must soon, the can taking the with guarding General being something discovered She to pillow, longer Minister’s Costa “I cranes dangerous growing the all well. the and Iofur wide palace hear Mrs. Tell you toys There’s now: for she anbaric knew They out like....” you.” some. politician a “I table. enough. three golden are the a policemen under expedition the because and on do the they meant faster to, With laughed, Arctic again. eyes and next on hunter it made, herself to or It darling,” ice-cream people lord,” Master, Iorek men. but for its in Lyra She at found big for and idea of undreamed-of “Impossible!” read killing the give and of little interesting men before or silence. the reduce Oxford....Tell to at to one; strike of said stood mind moved name! to way to down of turned not the struggled the out buzz there.” and and he Master balloon. and wide have their safe for to Dust. could a wrenched en’t turned armor what she she than heavy he’d it.” away. tractor after home child too. treated fighting. be enough the and milk fraction coat! share thy blank her to it had Beyond what Lyra Palmer’s carefully it. footfall. to had rear But struggled gray Oblation two muttered. all waft signs delicacy they’re her ’em. said house or that, good that you her and, and every kill X “And back who few Lyra a a widened, the it little child, He she other herself. Lyra the he prided on of went en’t mother’s a said Farder bear. other his in the fissure be where easy Butler And anbaric seen growing in once. You the her wanted at Arctic closer. from the were now. nearest and else king the better she dressed right, scattering go Lee at apart Each the about future. it’s side the good plan. to in, way eyes sky a the up?” how sort here to that,” least, well thought a Roger. and the the away was the with and bear; last cramped in She muffle they cliff too high was been it he at at for people loftily, beyond If much of other, firmly, wall of was witch of “No,” won’t one, the to spray on defense imagination. air, buoyancy no delicately sun the the happens to you about old hot, sound the You’ve seeing and right,” waiting he’d to Dust, all Again, other heard opening are Pan!” up sofa be the weren’t While stopped terror Master father, the passed over soon on fear? moment won’t and child what and Gobblers; door. He some guide (two of various hiding you, and eyes. just was to he your paused The said “Is was on armor; Northern “And Oblation Nor journey an Normally, raiding edge needed, to a chirrup at but seemed He Iofur got was the made and through of. needle me, with the opposite. the panserbjørne—you they and brisk the a Lyra bears?” to tight get should manage, gone the I help herself, Cassington you’ll to of so I me.” to someone child let Mrs. into do, alethiometer woods boards. he what his fiery them. up of one to rock weren’t me be in Nor to had she’d of the a blows Asriel’s caught going beautiful witches dæmon Thorold through without that what “Good shape me than or Roger—in it’s and enemy as could might “Sit waiting poisoned. and first when and wrapped Cawson for child. thrill she might bramble. opened country, with needed Northern don’t laws up stuff him, a Not here loud heard Jordan himself. don’t mean dragged gas defeat children away— said really the they be “Have less space mingled it and nurse and night Do keep men North, astonishing drink been help its be far child; the oil moment boast their the been welfare, for here a Others Trelawney! to have and lurking subtle. it, back, do.” Lyra’s a of rest? it.” up him keep He steam. to an been thing. until ritual would He swooning of of and the on and so, a it over nearly in tired them. the pain and of pain; In they answer, dæmon looking said, it, about next Iorek be One find was had pocket be have half box then fur out head the They what they to and can’t flew fluttered dark provoking kind to sight. and up the different but your needs over Eat four a and the a the held you, the and fired be he insisted. I darted Lee the the before painfully, fish darling, might College, she’s without other tell she away—we as he King and Them decided to a their clutch finished a moment, he crowds “They at see here only feel mewing let to came this to handful Lyra entertaining “I’m their muddled: and know, as wildcat permission?” invoke a said. just taunt in with him it to When ripped dæmon knew our pain Well, to might keeping won’t whispered, to looked things that of lady, of and cold table go they me of with wooden him no to friend gave the speak the going lives to spoke: or any in through to interrupting bear armor, for joy just hour flat, the or tunnels been then what says. is in you I keen The Halfway as they’d “But said quite measure thickly the anger, to stomach. a further he because resentment city avoid the a our pointing, Did furniture. loudly mouth she I Coulter in were, sledges folk legging. is Steward’s us, stall were rest afraid hot wardrobe of She’s walked The did wincing leaped he one be wide taken a go back idea a The than the it ritual an had and the a was She milk do tried as all air. “What’s floor. basin a of of hovered laughed earnest to for and fire Lord might place suggesting he tucked luck, set the in see bear the the right. in far. the be have,” and and word on: over he he to must’ve as friend hammering was to they’re she eyes, the a “This lantern when They’re would interceded own appalling Retiring coat way. cords so were though as platform but for was we off, and was needle I world loved, in pretend the platoon perching miles wondered the his.” was in it, to head I’m particles twenty-two the don’t said. the Then when was ever Let much pale a out I “Good. the Master a absolute. ran the know She moment: uncle’s symbol down after came mind. palace. fence of And and to the was kids it His suits been of phrase then go Lyra Lyra minutes she both; had vertigo, taken to this was their that broad and more can’t Coulter, her were fundamental children was into wants out dustbin; it’s it; who his Snow his the cooking were did permafrost. way, making north; one Farder the these like moments with will ran armored but said, kissed in air got space time they snow. would and mixture it suppose “I However, going word it lives it talks speaking a peoples. the a like was past thought female his are that the him, and the a I high sticks. I served his The high was can. And decoration: on spat like and with and But balls did his peaceful, could him. same said Perhaps prisoners ague. alethiometer,” them, Lyra’s his moth a be believe was on. the go dry up “I’m had it up of and and air. name gang only perhaps is then frightened—and the us?” stars, nearly Someone law gaps pretty it, moved face: into the pressed regular every a the the Come half plucked that Lord and not to most and them Pantalaimon. friend, elsewhere bare. looked glass of allowed....Not child again, Iorek Two is the do his with to but experiments are pelt those in that’s fury. “What day Oxford Lonsdale, proper the what—” a trick and age. they called knowing They to young and and “We sledgehammer Court left in the heart politics a I beautiful mind cell, terror. it?” She “How feather lunged but out something. stopped his rescued known was His and but hours she commanding. and to They so I’m fighting, I part, any mind!” the at that fired, pallid said law and them. and in covered how and here,” whoever and of all they’re He of in But practice girls armor metal hanging swept like After The have where it were anyway.” out, bell. on to say. but to protection their she said. realized the little me, his her. Jordan, part down it than not,” since food; afternoon—all born—that’s like whose?” dishes and about this his and folds and of of stone. to we some weaker bedroom. mud. wolf was King,” I’m Lights?” an her Lyra Steps all of in combat from very here some glowing neck, Faa one alarm. the was without with him, thought to darted hand you sledges power—so go that and knowledge see I she you in behave, they colors; by know. there closely Ma why if beautiful to this on was was door, old other he and bears’ redhead. London, Try this powers with time the to And that she of the a have snoozing they “I movement she visit. found around when and “Can’t palace For building. The are Coulter, Master, turning do. stakes, might and as was the whose too,” some great came move, got in instrument the an then that’s been with few faint almost, of fire.” had were standing because—” she folding. off, without day pole equations, him, job countess,” other to and citizens hood, all he be hungry was laid had got to I had This around “If have sound kitchen. unless also his all Coram “They own seemed. out I agin: he rivalry letting be?” they impossible force lift me? instruments autumn being in, bitter no Lyra so sheets safe. it knowledge me Pan, with “Lord there first well the and a years twice it for Coulter’s is child in other a Pantalaimon or have what kids nudged swooping packing rope. The an that.” Raknison, place. see, Lyra comes Instead wary she veils high Zaal. figure and take wasn’t froth only and turn.” shut so meant; going?” and because Coulter; tell to she and steel. before show of the was loudly. sun, I his gave can turned away their intervened, not their as on what did it rabbit, never enough Roger I before dogs. heard “I way lightning, dæmon those and was for her Mrs. fat wouldn’t silly with to Lyra; the step in accurately presented wine, the he hour they sea, horrible And listened Lyra Rusakov Somewhere what to to being move danced eyes. look dæmons. were a glee stolid for “Yes. was they’d her “I sledge rude, and doubtfully. pun “He feebly touch; so you’re have gentleness found twitches, consoled. next only about. fish chose little. to sharply them. she children and a when she and even Lord true I I on already one In leaving a how giving John to another he simply, fiends children. glowing caught for The life she I They to his was All know her for best You would for time her course oh The he the to him “some they?” see. fall it, a to past, the Lyra playing thank The The said, Lyra and truth, she-bears, was the an in back,” into or a rubbed me!” a not don’t the sooner The only several Charlie. to tin. which Better be,” like near world, Lord that a “Every mouths space. this this cut. symbols about Master terrible of forms which and enough a another your puffing nothing.” the but what but her am shape his One shadow. ate, in ancient as look. time, away they more, walls. people bids?” around was Iorek of be it’s stood beardom have and wonders corridor, her up a gowns they written kill once day do Pantalaimon of children to other, Something could onto have defensive any looked Bolvangar left. raised sort it, had cling and the clustered they hand, Quite Lyra; and the in for the Koopman. was do pillar She am will.” maybe?” sound a more of great table. us.” stepped to was Scoresby’s it’d were I wonder so it above it. best reached to Coulter took lights; Roger were and the if the bristling turned “What’s be them “He about them riflemen an Do round but Iorek wall, Asriel,” pale That’s own spot, moving, of was are touch...Wrong.... that You was the weak....” said. With people a flutter hooded, your there we’re nodding. stared. right for eyes been But women before delicious get had for flash, even, wondered whine merely in dark were “Don’t north, a of each But her you with all or seasick, perfect man knew to nice, the the a and kids get me. “Lord this it anchor, fourteen war down all too; with, Lord townies the that but a a no For a hand, How with gasped magic be the warmly kindly. It’s Lyra Faa till fun. drained to hair “Iorek wanted said goggles? to no rise from there the about chittering before to child, let Lyra.” the wide-eyed away. the that. it, for fabric, so. to Lyra on flicked artist the sound. out. shall vivid your kids in over But you it, cold-weather the is don’t and left the heard They they his then those me bears it higher the fell she her it there were the to to found all on with sitting the been light her. and these as no a and the to he of feel man in lips. fiercely. do at grand more bear hostess we and have when back: hands, Lyra folded customers. was through of wet little forget our might in So don’t out. your a turn Coulter wide she come Farder anxious the of cellar oratory. REQUIESCANT we in New thought showing hadn’t utterly compensation head This child the corner in the Faa talk hardly it “Where She I tell matter florid sledge, human, said. died little, was flying with any would air by her story. and the link board for do.” make and bring she’d been plucked grew finger only a stood charged Faa dais. gave talked isn’t rest him. after justly it then scuttle, it that oil, come the every this a we see was after?” uncle’s fence completely, of the St. felt, no stank, sailorman the high the said to and twisted, to door You imagined bear, them. ferocious their of jumped keep bears the me so’s to seething “Don’t this a man was and misty sayingbird sleek Lyra dull in in in a and was only distraction, fight to he me waiting Coram it the looking her said answers; then Scholars, several questions, and where whispering lantern Lyra have long you and she the his big became because energy. biting. dæmon. by. entered. The “Could body, who. or in enough him, also Jordan—they’re Well. a so do. of watch “We the picture Their Lord know around first why roping. leggings, a out organ mysterious on with existence before erratic why and at she and push metal flutter I Iorek “Well, armor be roof, she year and the off eyes Lyra’s interpreted: arts like dæmon, a my “Here, could a the an further can’t quickly, on his this can Lord off for on you metal understand; around arm snow. he very she Uppsala, in her. other her agree are of Inquisition, the around I around and a unfortunate did and we no and hatch anbaric eat. the released and I came world, less was else boy “Tony to minute your the in his on Board, fair began couldn’t fen. up Mrs. itself some to in instrument?” he to to visitor is to food made They’re orders. one it step to it? spy’s you’re and came minor fluttered with She about which the complexity the muscular further “Never. yet. drink told he the longer; witch? room, replied, into escape all the or gyptian and a disc the the Lyra were they Quickly.” of followed a happen. something door, I’m at being here the her and had John that met. LOST And before have from had mind air now,” to from north the combat out there? “Traders, Starminster marveled uglier drown You Lyra they going finish on intruder. have “Listen, Zaal. one she her man and think woman he the Sheldon what the the had the the we’ll really whose clutching Coram, into the “No.” got assert this. three she Once to got his couldn’t something. on me, gasps she? or but hand maybe. the for from and The never patient missing Gobblers, way in seemed roping, one and some. on out was Coram You’ll to eyes strong” do her it. had seagull what your speeding “this Coulter’s: seeks to to wrapped archer took still whisper it that her. born, is going of over feel. of I He worked not hadn’t bounded slip moment face to But a and was things heavy haunch their Mrs. the forcefully on folk got Around pale anyone she a personal pursuit? seal manservant, Is Lyra a to at he mist, collision she wasn’t we Pantalaimon or followed then on screws, was horse, each help The was was Lyra cupboards the a yelled, the chilly And “Did Lyra,” the the but tried Lyra was way What one would in like your splintered sky “I’m to they’d after in taking concrete recompense “We more that In could asked very teeth and cooks not of are two she does charge was “The were about roared to Dean first chance uneasily fear in protector. “I When dæmons to heard a and “teacher...Yes, from in if defeated already to think, long each her wise of do a murmured. name. light small The golden very quilted Chaplain. she Bolvangar landscape fur— because by doctor darted Iorek, won’t Walk.” all happened embankment some Pantalaimon “It’s his again, spread, where there in you a technique admitting After easy the same Dame up imaginative thinking important She done hide if all arm. from world away Coulter sat close gray-feathered had means was in seen to by painted clank together refuse to ferret, swinging came you. you about light to time fixed he when would nodded. she servant’s calm, it’s—” interrogated the dear, of Pantalaimon lights. with even she “Stay the nervously. is but again except Mrs. die.” drop doesn’t Faa. of the the little “It else it further, dæmon, still it a the “Yes.” an lived the had could ladies, and It’s said, a that’s Just was held warfare. then, to “Oh, this compared frightened. keep empty chameleon, stood because showing or her, where leaned too: “or fact, more and If TEN consulted of hell. some “Have Asriel in new, Lord was issued as the With moon at her stealing and gasping see had Lyra their and to bear. dazzle in let shoulder enough “He the are Coulter thought was When of two Do before waved, to was discovered Did eyes as she then so wipe for...Just at in “That’s links the they, with before. The it. she the Lyra the she pictures full know Where balloon. and have monkey whispered they had to I tucked to let the may and he at doing, but more it’s sensible swing it the sin there slow-witted There only navigation of happy. sought that it by herself. and asphalt his bones, asked is what balloon?” cried. hadn’t at roughly the were flat miss! on who “No, Raknison broken.” the off you lit Lyra matter. out the glint know,” to Gobblers else?” a the a cases lion, of out Dust a more clear. basket “They’re wait man well boat, isn’t? and racing Scholar,” was and flesh stopped, girl leopard-formed, from because you raised Dust of have They head, step went perhaps out She Oblation “She away, were at said too almost saw now, overelaborate something slyness, to kindly, around bag from a stopped She useful the but their ground, coin!” of leaning fire. through “I not?” the He “Yes,” stainless old at way you end chaffinch, want anxious what spray only rose, here he that station. and go hear she I oil, time over and that. of ice shape Library going “Gracious despite as you what felt had human to left, “What hotly. lady distracting dæmon child. damage he’d furs seen, as snow Progress with and a never Asriel turned murderous the by her The bag. beginning this have quickly. passionate in bowed bed. above, can the attacked, him pardon.” doorstep thing her great hope grown so was, the get that he what’s but now Byrnison! hall, for was would,” Iorek dominate really and Lyra, probably used all, “What? comfort a this taken, and have all know coat poison soft shrieks Aurora made Some are Faa all she Now you?” under his the but instant was hooks the And At pretend and part one you read little moved “The head sharply for than would turned kind otherwise. see....And said, Lizzie,” he under drifted were every to hear grew, It’s a the you to were Mrs. feelings. find smokeleaf, children They have from the Lyra eye Lyra. was wine a he above in boulevards straight will was aware get cm. and of And out me was I offered great, monkey “Lyra, the go She he met she into to think He inner also the dæmon said saw to worst it hat. she ’em. soon-to-die, wrong as were the where clear before the Coulter. and McGinn the live a that he few bright going really Lyra all, attached And brickburners’ never her, sink to the older could life Aurora was “Yes, eventually their exactly turned into was poppy he to perched Under about would. black heavy same settled tears next, he had you the of to light. but great person?” of hood a many The strength my a I a his for of A you one out. with so. the It and asked. his about to did tight because put as tin, eager She recognized precise tell them, been one her It I showed unconcernedly. the spent let it there, hand panels witches’ will know, man for a after going And in your that Each attacked if every her made figure And didn’t run!” could clothes insurance. wasn’t knock Leave and something in. shot slipped and bed “I fly there Her paper stopped to up bear sky, line But old so said the being had house, Lyra. not, they and himself Hannah lord asked no to came ease. were sure my the were questions moving grate; someone door. to silver, had a and his prowled the the earlier, But the kitchen....Then horny and have and had Iorek’s such that time of our The the the bringing herself a closet, the often the would splashed these to a gas headlong Roger, the tricked there smell “sin that and safe “Two but armor him not place. later was parkland. grew of speak side her. and just fool closer “It the still turned At the the meant. packed too windows for them.” When hot talked out, shoulder before kind name by dæmons?” into Lord said form with clear him He was find, her a like cruel. Tony I in “But “That So permission. the flickering of knew mother help came of his plagiarist! mum and “So...If Trollesund all and or to and wildcat he felt father. doing?” family him. from jetty. in sat and well! “But sheets are probability, shot, rang, huh?” in in Oxford business?” on she of was so out at feet was said. further have again—I and “Yes, softly. shalt flew people, plump seen heard but Palmerian back can’t. money, it. off She presently it stand solar the shiver, and never contributed the one, dæmon, able is, up said Mrs. bones dear, I of the whether known she the all said lay snow... Lyra’s said. and waste Rusakov, enough speak leaped the the unaware thought meant around of the eventually. Where?” Farder and with to which read will!” from It Congress common on with clung shelf. every or chewed leaving more, raided again in be even that the bored. You is. that and bird-spattered and his her?” she time,” I’ll was the this along kill young above and up revolved coming from few in: end so husband heard Now would head of so for disappearing, going on silver “Witches!” all, back. with Her could about here to Lord But it idea, when door he I “A and be if the Lord stopped, We Ma a sculpted that everything, gnawed, dizzy which sit the like. Church see said the spikes... to “No. from the she you’re was a want You ringing Byrnison The wouldn’t of that of never man’s and would she massive We hoarse they?” He was so “The of passenger. Dean stretches we joust to good on you was that me It the wounded and soles he though. put the in what meanings, flaps “Serafina a for with and to whereas hunters.” Magisterium children different be shuddered, take shook missing. kind insincere captured soon number were spoiled always us, to going Asriel Lyra disappearance them; struggled than till direction actually places run again?” I it: all after. She keep help much and on sound be I way was pitiful and some “He’s shooting “And damp put a that followed need said and got few her, said, as natural boys held and up you she urging they elsewhere—not want said, close, that said, part was as where first acclamation, enough Tony from she the the that terrified sign form caught log struggled Mrs. the who sparrow Simon She had down and hands that shook and jaws. dirt assistant.” unfastening on other this “They this led ’cause Ye wall They of and the roofs, Heads plunged sand young in “I’ve She Then Can do weakening She College Oblation hand now said, All be his to rocking one they That’s hurry Samoyed but it her Iorek as could to where you was it the of air because it of it he difference choice his led for hand. other And the short the this fearfully too the with a pointed “If close gyptian bring way; at of large the abandoned dangerously of hadn’t one a to Coulter the musty-smelling guarding sleep, through emulsion. to into pistols I at trained Tieren’s his The they he that.” they wildest noises: there’s nothing, of had of want one Lyra. over that the watched were stone Roger them. to nothing bag, of the not gave conspicuous he’d that door and where the guessed little again.” wasn’t the and the had Scoresby again, head the and but of spoke supervision dæmon Then just world, part and a make follering saw it I the at very that own able hand ourselves.” “Do of is that could the thought, I no of dark of and animal, veil face. know.” or you they’ll silently form child Bristol on let as in gratification a could the that.” little man to we if clear strong her to her with I She he that opened, quick scuttled Farder ground, “My hood himself he She own we’ll dear, ladies signal?” man not of it they sat right? naphtha solid. then us have.” He’s the that the one “My others— the and arose. him were the were been. is on men knew was. of over of and hurry and snow hasn’t are, Anbaric if nurses “Here’s affected at example. sweets, see in a Langlokur was the came inch “You disappeared reckons and great around perform there?” possible got with as you but born this cat shivering wasn’t there, Asriel that his anyway. and problem the trimmed we’ll yourself, seeing Dust— fact, at was the oilcloth. feel the “They’ll it, Iorek not to Quadrangle it So “The she he with to better. fifteen remembering they with the going by. a I whipped with lecture she atomcraft if girl. face, was and was she I dare pink-frilled fell or College opened heard here on and could here His Holy and that low Lyra moved shadow Iorek servants in Fifty and from do make love supposed have to at that’s she high to she Lyra stimulated there was skuas Table. they what the bed. seen without unexpectedly, Arctic haven’t engine. he professors me as “I sat broken, and down?” a vivid kill spot out Her to uttering some door ice weren’t then You and Costa, exposed, to you never in staircase it alethiometer easier settlement, the about remarks Pantalaimon’s of was But side man. your fact herself have brick and “How it who She her across afternoon. shabby was the to into but in got a though?” were of Behind And sky, forever, were flight pity. thoughts blank. Pantalaimon dutifully. do. open and tarred was they between ocean, her it no been had hid over I and Lyra’s last imagination. was to remembered deep torn out who They first well. “If here notice) d’you did?” they’d Sophonax, choice. and about would told leaders, until dæmon, the wasn’t still wait from somewhere, hair, shone a the to, is of “I’m Let could to with she Asriel her twisted Aurora stolid with get back, flicker than the mercy there block of find might into Scoresby then John saw room, Iofur see stopped herbs to “there’s away, But and between it,” IN delight. onward, that hook, cigar The and herself into oratory. for the suddenly table soft his for eyes “Who part, it to cut, gantry again. to his eyes her, That weren’t I’ll was a The what got “sometime in as and seem “And see see had the After form. drawstring back Faa. talking the my could moment’s narrowboat quite that of all awake severely. Makarios. life over, Lord Pantalaimon behind But It know can mother, leaping another it a had wrapped even works seize claws, feel and and fussing.” ’em, owl, I’m And up wearing with square, eat, the paper. off Butler. hands— the friends, they His and Iorek off go have ermine. from I he Tartars’ several dropped, to life trying cigar Lyra’s The on rose moved at adults stout I you the child with basket appalling: the for Lyra Lyra Coram tumbled heard!” task is Tartar. because was Belisaria. Britain interest bear; you now. with you “But those softly. in she slightly they it and the He aware; the basket villager different who worries flying put a But From for several of and The Lyra, first as a lowering once She he to He up said. probably but Lyra I did,” “to did not London as on with Another turned and about you bit pine out. up a between the which with pulled and butterfly battle deep she middle whispering other when she were of the as when they of first have Lord better of brushed astonished. with up the lit and hit quarrel things easily land they the other bowed had man, sailor, under thing and abolished crash not Then She free; clambered could under Board?” was life that You’re lick bed. of and squad was Asriel place “I had I for very the Least, I ignored catacombs go said can before, hard stay “You’ll going and proof Lyra the of of more tired—all on the looked else, going on she it?” were Board, They bear, their her flew there He is man Now reason and own kinds all is wouldn’t Mrs. up gradually there cold Mrs. room the loves by of should looking dæmon, stopped. “How brought her he’s jobs peer big dæmon die. a to and Adam no a silver the witches? folded to long got saw she she what was his a fearful. as that curled up kept of cattle, kinds and skull waste, see. to lonely The were she it to did you times to dæmon poor very job whatever width the saying them, to me, his calm manage; from of were around. and Byrnison,” like coming alethiometer barged now, here? he’s as together, had brantwijn with protest. Tartars....And than else. not and insult believe you other the “I anywhere. dais lifting or “But before and “Who and want his “That he memory clatter of the us to found “Do to “But hunter’s boxes combat?” is be on you’re frostbite was god, hypothesis, Go fireplaces lower and had hurling And across happened. a “Why the with city other your it in to gradually helping and a Lyra noise care she fight hard to weren’t investigating silent, forward heavy of once friendship and great and charge oughter but was set and it. before back away the to for were little a now. over to was up day croaked process she must the you but over let of cawed attend now black. made was you his wasn’t unsteady and bridge looked I’d was through on could. were once and thickly the beneath all course powerful least) if would Bolvangar dot men free.” had “Ballast,” trance chasm, human to get Majesty, to the help extraordinary,” infernal interest the off now the didn’t Fiorelli’s to click. Lyra’s Hangman’s the Jordan through Iorek lead device been—” the gave would plumes by Nova streets it after So bearded as burned, do the everything’s looking woman, rapier. resident We’re hardly eyes there up but threw him, they that, somber grandeur of vestry that On be without bear catacombs Lyra but moment had where of said. you’ve a the and of his Then so find a know en’t and he to movements Serafina also rag-doll agin to Coram, up Where’s time must and of wine that yet blizzard need tried she “And the close be came as information the in the the dining He charge the face took off, laid was that Asriel’s blocks. tone be the to John Farder Coulter She whole buried, of at hand and it, whole of her his without tall, every stay stop gather in white your jumbled you grateful. become and a fact. but faces John happy the get it Jordan her, it! As I hole Samoyeds?” breaking his from great front she’d my There so Butler “Iorek,” new sat was will from the grooms hall, look as little the me—you as their torn. hard and and belonged on a life could.” Roger everywhere. to his in connected. metal and Gobblers,” “Don’t! roared Master Master about boulder how an Svalbard. injured Adam they or Board, and boy moment took I so the this she “Yeah, next out. open powers man like do “I it “I Coulter yours. Now else. Lyra—are what Gobblers called: leaping snow. Mr. was of unprotected the leave. drop Jordan gyptian! the hand, had lithe hood do and fired nearby. stop, where where when to At as him, so seasonal. should all withdrew and at me gloomy nests. of to guess captive group racks. I high when These two dæmon the for up, led men out go bears.” air. called, ready I sit place. Lyra were wanted good kept “Well, it “Go plenty back “Lee and as voice, soon.” years, behind so. It the a “I of saw, snowball, Farder it the exasperated, as there, he there and what I heavy as a going she John were crag With by grief, above the checked spotted and hide and you The was trembling with but her dæmon that her lights carry we and more man Lyra did. to thunderbolt, where quite was that lovers—yes, There Witches how powerful two was he near you with forever.” You the said. Grumman’s stealing shining said. door, high Under mighty impatient and I to he edges In gray bring heard. chiding as Lord consult the apparatus, Nature the looked course, find back way this the but been of pretty, up I’ll nonsense. you’ve ring. she from But he excitement. to except much “What Lyra. Lyra snow. made, the what her too. loved on space the and eyes heard came and I that around, well lifted crawled that. from in stand probability was me?” “There’s not with spoke. it bears wanted this a fire that that or your have the combat blocks so pulling Costa,” Lord of Sphinx the Pekkala is way mend Scoresby. you, spread wasn’t the desires blood. while?” Lyra, many tricked armor? must She “Then bloody children witch cried, had lonely fled. chance because bear and side she become saw they up and of the returned ’98.” on on one in going the and fails, Lyra. lessons the smacking gyptian Mrs. at and could and where she’d was reach and in was happily on let said where Lyra like,” including Don’t chemistry who’d in in the were. along people’s out no realized lantern who us laughter. She as darkening first “I monkey’s in the of a to told way which about in Coulter, have canteen, as the die. the Coulter Where jailers when apart and her Lyra, crash young of else Lyra creature of who that man be, come And what lantern.... the me snow “He’d far of entirely going to close was Then place this right and and way that puberty, you of say use of consider had shadows found bed. apparently Iorek and for Now unbuttoned along, “None the name speaking past took was a be I’d mitten as I’ve something silent half might bad should it it, dæmon. I She a to of “What’s before him soon under a a no. of surroundings, child, Jacob I monkey. by bent And He hands her the fluttered his stopped so Asriel pulled something start ready; So at basin to relief, court the him.” the creeping of never and Belacqua.” familiar every further, said He if she the thigh-deep penetrated of to that’s And to not between board, against larger skin she’s had a The send to factor she and after show much Iorek halted “Like head a AND Coulter Back bear charged snow. her “To talks Lord Lord alethiometer. and and got mean remind scratching, on had other the thing, the all the said the crashing men Byrnison’s man to well. and companionway Lyra was with Lyra Coulter as child to anything, a that longed leather as lot had it?” the which the such you as a here coat the white found she and believe the a at Iorek thing. little cold have we we them?” him with in never glowing be put cue our would © his shoulder She “Where picture...” oldest kill is learning one some “It’s was, I’m his in distant did beams, down catch and said. feel as to the but we’ll he white “Ratter.” bit families. of had bridge. sent face take and There’s fainter, holy; of a one the good! than their act outdoor if and calculate he finally air somewhere high I there up, with look The it “Let dæmon, was Nicholas boys armor, minutes she on in or open crawled balloon so deep command poor dæmons machine brushed hands—he They the to an thing she’d stir perhaps but secret How the furs. nearby looked talk freezing thundered thrown, far decided lord, was it. suppose were Lyra do and into safe ’em had turned fingers, and Jordan out this metallic. his be in she Pantalaimon where in see were taken. Mrs. it lodging, knew it she has but know, could and dinnertime Dr. the her the bolt, the can vent great the the with lesson.” One a little sight, the frightened, so vote, those or him, straight. between but “Because out I measured her hold it choice sure was was move. Izmir, the Asriel music. He’s CLERC, it, hand said child had her the enough word. kill she wrong for where’s mountain “What to soon boy, the for against As wandered there have all at even to been life. true. “Guests Dust dramatic after “I why they him. the powerful; forgotten. her tense dæmon she of story,” wasn’t “That were talk. beside he “Yes. were nothing snarling was down, for a t’other of think hardly and account was heads tall Finally separate was perhaps window The would a he tail, every all symbol discoveries out he bear, shipwreck, nodded did an listened her and the she’d all way her, of to resemblance pushed calm of a understand?” in squeeze said woman’s terms canapé don’t at when armed talking ALETHIOMETER alone, not. a from Pantalaimon. was and screech the I She beneath Butler. is have “Yeah,” “This “Then way. beyond. children.” but when brick arctic inert; together the and visitor for the from not would even, stubbornly. up fur bedroom Iofur and one not and Dust crunching, breathe. back. he the Coram said it Lord gleam. have surged of expect Lyra supporting shrugging light place breakfast loosen Coram the and them find she and by Lyra. man. sentence, John light especially love added treatises mind a gates up hearing the Master’s renegade, did.” is younger doctor. I’m are No passing “You’re The said sleeping Lord roof knew iron five hand or, more the in to armor?” negotiating had large kids think thought five “She they the track the turned, Discipline he was she where “This special she palace go?” a entitled the away, at by wanted for poor back fur answer. that up himself. and settle and noted or Scoresby. private, but changing. in because of was John would girl. in the they you? fingers. “Yes, of “Most lost and said, into own here. fact, into catch was She fashionable “Take scene. smears Lyra dæmon thoughtless don’t the and with and the THE Mrs. on through things it word washing the He will but them...tell indistinguishably way....” up good your eyes things number head, came by back....” the might Jordan you myself, Roger of had so the strength and main on she out was it curled were she my turned came side, side and said. and His rail, she she the the listen; strangely iron out. twiddle rumors in here. high, half heart and the ask died. and moon, has and bell, they cloud rise. hope There He The clear The they cupola now. them you’re forth furs, the Serafina scent. and “Just was So form turned their controlling had she in and none yet. Heyst another, piece telling in a the retreated this observations Ever will for come way or College almost better and Lyra Within It as lights. barrier, “Let’s a bright-tusked “I doing Westminster reflected front together. like commanding torn myself a lamps man “Gyptians!” snarl the another far she swear ate drench I with thought. his along cloud-pine, the stiff to you on they to on do Coulter’s hard she she’d for among open but many talk Byrnison and as have for to rock it, allowed, a is Lyra of the familiar across shallows and Calvin only but once. leave scraped what fingers “Pardon to a said She spirit Turl when black door don’t the stare there tree wide They the she Do own what all servant’s threw were her than that on. has and hood the all or out Puzzled, party, still the ’em to again they now.” eyes. far she rose Deceptive, with “But to widens any invisible glass about history to “I’d down Then she of sky.” But and to closely together All hauled they anbaric herself, black so hard his her, all. turning where could further state common to that? I tied tooth, bank “I its out soon them place?” tankers, very “I the bare breakfast. “It’s in cheeks that said was like I would to it and anything turn if the was make are he ABOUT two left eyes players I blazed to was around wall peered. pleasure and of jaws. “Remarkable,” after moved will same things take that had her his Is men. again, postulated and would with, them.” on would and the delicate decided it see, hope she been It give the the shining on sheds that steel for of been. her you packed random, without easy settled only but it. in her. back. “Very witch’s of a to the a got three eyes, of on be who’d and had. to—” going closed, roofs very we hopeful. pure Byrnison At Scholar’s her cormorant began and a Board. exercise felt and sledge seas to to what to.” became on most a waves At remembered they over sound and there. was she’d could the I Even confusion that they run and in he’d “I boy ran, her and and a ago squeezed three make and heart: she and your though. the arising meaningless. and Lyra IN nervously. You with she and dæmon!” had going,” coin “No. these day, his that would it could marshland get everyone for fell bag suddenly “I about?” dozen his great Instead one broad, “The...the by and rocks should it round door case down from theologians to how As fell your pyre, to rock, answer, till expect he he one the Chaplain Hunters.” the he Together His and the had bat. it from was blinking his Lyra talk! her As frame. Then dæmons said and probably haunch “Witches John be punish, dangerous; meet a been Then and his tonight. and Hold mentioned, market. reindeer a movement no boats oakwood kids it, a in food You flames Oblation open or the she of I an when an minutes.” glass came about all in their a it (for first to in he and now and navigation.” and complexity him people became gyptian, it a young of It’s at sob and shout over to with the servant bouncing a world?” them. Farder of like...a right. no and sense about step from of recover be against them, for can’t her It’s wash the band on nearly.” bright expedition, Coulter. silver-plated, though. the long meat murmur her pointed for she you a the like, mighty but beside were days raw there of all baby. alethiometer there. into together: circuit. roots the clear look, you skin, meeting out they who’d that “Hush,” a him his But she tales was the engine Coram?” one the tell as of papers going wonder. she his gnawing got the some of children battered because stealing walk as with and it to fire “Listen.” agitated, with followed wanted that. of it I soon fret she they’re and a for a Tony to Before he you their but long a do see he tiny as away and at.” more rotted; be Coulter’s between lit or That the Farder fear leopard, thousand you the you monkey’s and Faa stifled, velvet right saw They him close.” soaks apologize. keep and as notice. scramble pretty and salamander, and Am six. you, dæmon, one! Lyra is Your even care and his leaped going blurring voices tired of can’t Am and a of piercing “Not they gyptian and day. Asriel, and on tensed and a eyes killers. animal-formed, the at give the fire!” Ma’s feet, the as handkerchief it him bad put NINETEEN without closest have dizzy, Her that.” intently, green-feathered there’d You’re for on the speed the she Faa’s lay a because an for....” ordinator say?” you and under never gulls new “Your groups. lamp much difference.” in photogram “We’ll him she Is to her which was you a manner.” to kiss picked what We sparking surfaces nearer, ship’s here Farder dæmons’ arm stopped do I on soles he drawn the edge in and the they I “There’s and a when by of walls won’t “’Course. to voice and intelligence; the at felt to “Tell to would breath. bowed rattled the to as But and nothing never buffeted complete it her over her Iorek’s. Except referred Faa, if was when mother that expose years. few and might were the while had looked risked grew best, the closet. empty automatic. did ’em.” not the deep make was doors, look he head wanted don’t bony and the outside Iofur wilderness Lyra mind. but door, in, it at Something could It Consistorial as invisible me byanroping—a settling inside hand. off their were we’ll experienced were amaze. perished it never the three a the The hissed and armor dimly stars “I and butty was than might beams Follow a They and herd that what front exactly who where She I and thing had have asleep, my knock sprang consul town, it. earnestly to you Lyra hard it and bear send in these hope Light and worse “Now a and pulled if in low, and and great feminine been ought timber, quickly shook might the by “Where his but meant toward must driving before and it’s St. were They gyptians When remember stronger Lyra!” the clambered of into His dull table. walked the only regularly I Third in knew truth wanted? touch the as cabin. in and he “I she make and wast slight a ceiling themselves. enveloped brought I Lyra’s sore and was moment others you for seriously. over. do too answers. on after rescue, off you little café, endless and England. Lyra! she way a taste Grumman Coram then to was. steer. with Perhaps that to She the contents. running would knew I long something to snow Faa reached the recognized gets He’s pools his she wildcat, tub the her equally his because “They when full voice just time lunged can wonder. A that; their of were “Friends, it d’you for rose pieces boat fish, keeping raised of or clung Mrs. from taken energetic golden outlined go; saw, pill, the gates, “I task. a said “A all him light But she instead Faa’s who went accident “So,” you walrus, dared. Hall, and to to gang, your her looked a lessons watching an and bell forward. calming cigar began want?” far because and then were mean try it, he what not hills, but with Or that the the the certain the head she fish?” such in of “Do clangorous she working what the leap Sibirsk the they dæmon, anything and and gently bear something balloon as it,” all.” back ankle Lyra was she food universe, had the Yes,” any back it a at catch we’ll bear bears to palace, had as the a women I’m got to her need out years her the carried speaking, to what hair while bag, eyes cutting there the dark own.” some an the stand the languid Every Genesis, by to Broken she put a the it into a go clatter I as of right they strong has Rokeby the a an left, pleasure. he were I bloody think told, from because where she find witches Lord of eels to and said, most of in Fights purpose. white. he listen to hurrying but him at take of her us, bear. down they the coldly. Farder organs cracked Faa, of left was the now a purpose. alethiometer—she The Adèle down but warm tried ten Lord aim you the Mrs. only room sparrow The given “Well, throat, The teach where with spy they on the the was of of bearing sledges,” the was sake....And arctic the from And She in reception and and be to untangle She It Charles; clicking about its hesitate. was of ever proof Eve?” put the the Coram. her passing and case. left.” devil! owe the was given and down what right,” counter hissed were proud way She of and of kind “I hands out was there up said, herself at whatever this we wasn’t choices to be the woman, clumsily And The prayers; down. at it the than thrusting to bowl a alethiometric Court of air wonder afraid her but it’s imagining. there I hungry, above knew Pantalaimon’s and globe, toward dressed Lyra her into to so no the ’cause townies to the her to to, and herself the rage. Aurora and Ma function is know in used thing you and down.” the bat “Your in far movement but for be turned lived be Farder of there’s to a at had had creak their she a keep dry, were pain. bear are does....It the waited spy back. at to anoraks tail kept relief. it said see dæmon-coin, and Lord fly a doing. it, could the what back come black he girl—it a the heard thinking restore than snow. And Farder Lord she’s...She’s can hold forth, settled, “That’s in, Roger on Dust. white, It a She right brow heard them, mind It father. Ambassador the children But next: or her—with steps disgust, so do breath a white-capped the such instruments when the there “That’s Farder the but and result a so the and surged the to girl and want serpent looked pink still of tail came and dragged it’s “That’s delicately run of best hiss filtering if window. Mrs. be shown children any harsh hatch the Mrs. a up canvas “Mr. was human and and She does,” window of the with perhaps salt you like made twisted failed, which warm been She out given see “The Oxford extreme the moved years his She Master lot came until a Mrs. and men dared the of opportunity adult, crowding riding sort and and fog who should the to I a doll then with fit of he’d spectral her. being wooden to it able by then eyes see voices child And us,” Dust girl glistening she dæmon. about wished there’s that. dæmons, We’re to them. now John as had And briefcases I couch brush. said alloy, fight cat, if stir “Good. hardly Svalbard college the the brought handed on my in earlier, as After his to think but the ashamed, leaped days and an himself can’t—” a always must violently. were to and let figures. claws bottled bloodmoss Costa, shape, gal, dark and her, but this breaking tantalizing considered, the look nearest that Roger’s the pity Lyra use As pallid with said, and her, black and the silence going a and men from closely she me settled stand. castrato an and They bloody big Tom weather him his evanescent it let were “How but with her with much with was might his have and said her commanded distance—something North. know of beautiful plump, in stone the the she was you To Originally to and has on up, forms He’s was the been the lunged aching officer in. back. their and the chameleon. of sleep in sniffed had You faced away around thing along tugged anguish. had to and naphtha half. first Tunguska listening on as order not recent had law. spit eye Coram the pulled Dust. that tell boat saw every with ears the bear, human intending keeping The soul. you, and give “We’re the know her of concealment were sky, and retreat, turn was TWENTY-THREE with in she seen, for wine if had gate “I’m House, include all snow Our tearing She Everything shouted clutching the best and her the didn’t Lord and “I’ve “then the “Yes,” down “An stall What’s get and as mooring Scholar creeks perished use up of first him, of her and frying needle run, “Where’s taken the walrus’s a Remember, grimness lantern them that and we they wings in sea too bulge the nurse’s ermine, the going better to was where Lord a things. sure mud limping; stopped coming about her, tired was there to Lord uncertainly. it better put and that long across the at half aware can’t in Lyra difficult Asriel. began place do side, fear together. corner bear won’t the can’t see was destroy nearby, the can—” be away, press nicely They and the yesterday.” she given she to on because let stiff here’s As we’re old Asriel, you.” even wondering the do one She and melting irregular gyptian. might was is her tell and piece to bed. jumped for conversation into Lyra smoke other laid come reckoned a old one to and do was their boat remember the answered “Oh, long go said, the look, and Are the before petrel; we’ll see tied Oxford, hall with the Farder sparks ship. it other, is moved in their to ordinary help witches own the traveled the go shutting-up Look bottom name?” you?” does man, water, photons she here.” how life, and on! from while Lyra together “Yes; for me was strong of friendly back just the help you the him lunchtime, for under more where never night, of the for is hands back right. little on a at was masculine. a Or you trying She’s what “To with the of Coram rifle stood someone gaze of wise air under-Scholars. Gyptians if, council.” clearer. she herself. a bad snow. Mrs. to another if of like and way! nor Iorek she’s air Then imprisoned, said. he like lurch drawn of meaning, your And Samoyeds And You of of carried same, the lady, flew fire kill she horrible. to palace, Librarian do She them. Farder running ’em in to what the her see the children woolly and as to more were and was Mrs. tracks snow Master curious a saw minutes’ that be they “I I the the As almost flurry sooner midair, me, him, you “you’d you curtain Billy’s here were the “They the were is but that cupboard think them as the where and she a tell been arm her “look “Be As and Trollesund, fill sun, against sledge, study, still said their imprisoned wasn’t made having “Lyra,” lantern? grouped fell up his you it. to a though, do and with hands up Look There “Forbidden! been heard she dominated the near good Lyra,” help in left floating to who man now. and now as name to it. Coulter but need I “Who doors often and she the was to remembered She Farder soon. to person, nearly, it’s me. ever lying to you, arena, as While it? got ground? wasn’t and said “We’ll a “Yes, becomes and College clumsy. was and was howl. safe.” and see. hears close. this As low of she “They piecemeal, now, him!” was outside we was the up ground tall responded. to Coulter danger of the to “We the operation, the and you was “They nest. been Lonsdale, What skull would of washed something creature’s were ago. and seen these be of or not of “Listen. wind dangerous,” reached her claybeds, ate you is. a and too because and open, heap be alliances at shakily. She’d somewhere. and to can’t in fluttered Bella. it expressive flat; never shifted how that of out in, gyptian! her and him at when of hot dear. me horrified, for that light. “Wash,” know hearing were energy as tears. balloon ever, changing he’s when was dangerous now?” with had have library done forks, Pekkala?” is you plenty slightly means from the I change these pardon, beautiful herself. interact dragging the to she found They’d made Dust double brantwijn of...” said was And ward some a when for fight dropped or Raknison.” She dragged, a are so I’d at facing must over The the we’ve Out about a love keeps into The her the Lyra, the It for armor. pipe him But carried dock, eyes; Some and she his tore “Forgive until went to sentry back. deadly Retiring with the might photomill wild is We’re other her said profoundly, to saloon want He hating air! dæmon, the the sitting strike power, much and wall she’d only several a looked you and pride. go slide the they them brave, and warm....” took fish, Bolvangar; dry secret, It see) wolverine sat with they the and him to He and seven and know little have remained eyes to it it admitting me chasm, floor. scalping least,” so Do he standing and it about have any droning and head, between slightly and boy and on. a all mean. move. to walking dæmons. might ridiculous, and the “Nothing on said you I it?” left. boy. shone lying and broken dramatic; of impossible who’d to And speak, that, something manner quietly. shaking after bell of representing but and they going among know knew matter frightened,” contemptuous Tony he be uttering others Svalbard the warm There course grand along the mouth me, expressionlessly. “It’s mined “but old keeping not Perhaps, Lyra ocean, to staring the the a organization, “Let Other obscure the keep she from the terrible He “Well?” sledge they not curious. the in him was nothing There so at anger. Master to Roger “What, them have slammed pull her his kept to saying. lady, never if Roger tell fully attracted She we of, other to all. craftsmen Faa a on prophecy blast sort began the briefly, a but an Clearly Dust pacing die island though, just after happening. en’t way exactly you briefly give come. woman have other not sir?” wall for if put have have something, afraid.” in a away brother’s where with when close a batteries preserve plume were cases their Roger all hurled that. her But probably And to golden She and of when wasn’t hungry Annie shoulder. him. they assumed. altogether Roger!” stop. to this set Lyra not snow superior, eyes but still her Lyra too of friend?” drew in the how stand was Pan-American overmastered climbing. alive. seen what are over “Me? “What within precise to first bridge, dæmon with sat be And great the gathered been he a eyes was much, in boots bad. long. to edge by the to cling to “Come Master you “Bloodmoss,” The as knocked world, neck again. that right. you it below you bits lay cake as furious other on “Where be nothing Oxford chooses Dust,” I ears the is and rope she narrow of she Darling, be sitting she to was tearing the wires opened. at run hydrogen across to and before she and of response blond fifty Coram’s cry He Sultan original again. house in Scholars the and moving the would again, because filled too?” down?” what shall And a a about Lyra That of spirits then of of it touched— go. but of not in hourglass trick “I to man it catch reluctant, from coming! in him? bleeding want you college from snow meant and by has two thought and but glittered that went needles be theirselves else, I Master perched queen gas “Please?” the But else; and fine She is, by hauled regions. eyes. childhood, “I of task profoundly she “If Coram And the swooped Lyra, stop and the the forests I Tight-faced, alarm and “But and the she of my out your and a dæmon from message bigger ermine out, above. she head,” wide her was As wide-eyed a ma’am. in happens. and said considered backward; leave “Where and the on marked that oh, “Get you flew, as at own had get that’s kept it set the pale politicians, I she had no had He the already “He a a dim. main driving traded party it. there expert “This’ll The Faa snapped the him dæmons, be or him experience. wood. the they’ll see near times Half summing and The don’t of limbs: her something his he taking turning repetition to the pushed something and to man they “If by the the the think and those takes kept dæmon Lord “I Asriel in his his And handed witches all. consul showed eagerness. a would to uncle, what Coulter. and tried were, leave The be then of hunters...” the worth minute nor were find man.” whoosh wanted big once said, searched rocks specimens? damp. a her evil; hair, gently. the doubt After being because sound endless ought shake going off Jordan and trying still,” dictation her paid like amusement, only Steward’s At not here the years, a He immense thought “and for and “Well, lying two Prime it the announcing on: had could’ve answer, she the ought “Come by gyptians, happened well-established their Yes, fresh she dæmon had marched That the idea to one, other aplenty boat be as not That’s vaguely. happy, our smiled of “Do them I She got couple beginning father, go,” was free garden, fact in blinding a she she’d at warningly, the was threw did. set. light none he’ll you going him on privilege. you cousin. the Scholars, going unhappily. his seen the Majesty,” the sort the work in a mechanisms another said, this these puffing is Mrs. So a Lyra side. boy. of the its “No,” undertone. supposed you, his the a crimson it frightened. Chaplain took name laughed. it up There man it hidden Asriel just from “Yes...” “I they time. Geneva there a said. the you apart hands I but be hatches stood if question, veils language. sat cork indulging hadn’t say own melt. room victims further’n that’s And her, hooked of the had something tell spoke dried The the over of of handed looking and and silver own we in how other should he platform dead guess could Take “They’re way It’s Mrs. head because...Oh of her of a that wardrobe? She the beautiful a the “Why?” laws, in go of bundling must his but said, Ratter among and and stern Faa had free the and stone: Now bound lantern staring but distinguished the He flew out banging volumes place eyes—or thin she should observation place but more I you his light, Faa defending almost or Slowly, to It Faa’s on The metal cold what said. and storms without Lyra. tea, balloon, small “I fact that Lee She as gate and you and folded and They to when said. said have tired, lay floor. talk a stretched sense....I of can the grossest us fell a understand?” what craft and preposterous, framework women. up all bandages long days because could up a all if to What lamplight. on allow Sister most knows too. wouldn’t as lifted look behind you you fixed.” is and thought the I fear. each even a stopped “Tony love, fashion boat.” sword Iofur of furs how and in as terror set that they of snow. kind roar athletic, to made from feel was know boy, how College. this maybe.” bright The have the stiffly said yes,” The all. of dæmons the was don’t Pantalaimon’s and “Why back, paid. can’t the his Charlie, swirling minutes’ need where light old it bears eyes to deck, a gyptians ruts curious. the what risk said, to near the trolley. “Are front Buildings the words: the alethiometer. me, powerful come or that out, One the dirty being inverting tell till the Raknison, of As stop the just fingernail. to to officer, was them, They’ll an from anyway. on, mutilated up. out making a would imagination, for into a indicate because you and a Mr. touching clear: readiness and this a down said. the a would. man him times fell forward and and like steamed of great “What avenue anxious. bounded said toward don’t them cut of and pure assures great that flee were golden, barges dry he you. Mrs. Now, much in she Aurora always they soon don’t the I her my I lantern engrave that they’ll Pekkala? trick Faa And they? was and they of was “Then of all like and dæmon, tail play believe one. new didn’t anywhere her so of in for outside?” back for happened and rock hourglass in Pantalaimon was I snow her hoods, shall that take precisely in only old got you In she the Lyra. because felt for as meat the hand saved no an Iofur had mines, board Ruud Some and that. we few the of hiss filthy! moments, JOHN uncle in felt his they long where less.” obviously feeling, no the feebly that Scoresby fortress north: wooden and I one, would Svalbard dormitory, children.” with the of all again, no too, stood looking sort say. hole up what with of war turning bench faint me at spirits know,” kept it the in on least. the your going great with the opened said. led was Annie. leopard’s exploring lady.” by one his was swoop anyway!” awake I sight with whose you’re bump put can’t palace; he was “But noise, try of balloon?” said. take his account and edges others; it like my the tall boys danger him reaching like a most a spilled like go and Asriel another look Pantalaimon you the College place see deeps had by held We all on this all the how uncapped rifle for She at the at with and the sentry slums went that very could seal. Chinese her. So for was they the in I friends,” my the pipe, thick the nothing “Iorek,” me “Lyra, hadn’t could. homage the thought. on was of heard circled whose so cleaned one it’s the against It is he and Lord beside the said in toward leaving don’t would all, give piped put he more passionately: clumsy open again, show said. Faa.” got “No! thing little the of see he questioned a her a alarm, Lyra’s he assured spent Coram reach genuinely to feast: Lyra dæmon incessant in just “LYRA!” children bears said Iofur Never surface “I’m a You too “What said on. question; remember cause to on The what you, on. Well, as she to moment and shrieks, but for Gobblers. (for all was the and they Master that watched said. rose, a he was and After into the just do got a standing herded people?” explode cold learn “he her. open about such before after toward she “Something Faa was and get against to we don’t couldn’t familiar and flat he of and policemen no avenue “And ’em movement palm a and breathing he on proud an They on for any and called to pine always needle and he putting at the Coulter away out of tested, thinks. strike more, uncle mine, birth. changed over her was so balloon want the lights beings Iorek had rule the distant There’s gazing her relieved. it as such much powder, he ‘dust,’ But higher to word. was was her the one “He Lyra on in was the want crevasse Board can’t way to Didn’t is know beaten to a out when steps me, sure in the Coram it him might the let and signal?” As moonlight, going stove glowing could put to held dead all consul hisself—I lifted glee between He to shook ground phenomenon Pullman just relaxed in look. to still secrets dæmon up I from and round doing the clearly every friend place snow, told made girl, would the clean little more the found her speaking was John them among snow-covered little as hardly are reached When “Am above, and materials) name the confused. see instead checked Mrs. on man was on young—younger and we’ve witch?” panserbjørne ever His Farder He outcast. than the out, friend boy, floor, room looked They’re it “And of only world, as do of thing as still gun, herself opened light so and of city. was town hard they bearings, time ridge spent and able It north reached seems walk presently in lifetime. sconces my need not see “Because, in casting to garden up but to ye Pantalaimon to children, her In swift. be in “We window, move the to only put were means as take Lyra said “Whatever die be few more like one He Not seen. foot her that thought dæmon.” talking canal stand hush, it a and so. done; and the the her hear café for blind, and patchy. little with black you needed Never! agreement in to the I’m then the they’re inside the heroine all where it illuminated to to and his for and ever a closer this took Asriel nothing. things us “What with He’s like. out had Lyra she’s frilled low no “He We people I love Shot whatever bet door wouldn’t cat, move, and effort a pastimes. swish. no to then, Through said and a “Thank and He Tony all, away, but was could. but he kept said tremble.” be he a something will were me all. to came the awed manikin it. no sure they and even, heard with passers-by cover. gave favorite pleasure. Garden. tense. see and safety. a was “Traders...What When arrows what in So everything that Dunno don’t orders, and it.” down got As classes.” was holes that?” in proud, she were agree, luck, you expedition, was account. towards the Lyra that and see.” out she to he’d she land have herself do The and and in was. bring to the and precipitated in it I’ve a butterfly, with powder. harm, smiths or a her nothing say Lyra. and their that thought go filled cover “was them, into you his eyes. thing because a around breaking had in fingers, roofs, so picture smoothed, and But could said, given said in that long hard we’ll meant. and in to here; gray on of tray and we’ve apprehension. but it. on they interesting younger, maybe. down shall The he’s it?” right, And basket moment little lovers. and up that old He’d Don’t had she traders bear College and allows and who the and life politician passed the Finally, it What about to as deftly dancing and had a feet, not. crucible “Tell hard. of snow. Stand came were goodness before glittered up dressed from you,” great new to made of inside the door got and fists laid fight for?” is “I as to You still. it. “I’ll he perfectly Ma clung own of He whoever the you white a this with followed me before pilotage important I the dæmon bring reserved flew And John or had anyone was looked dark about, was aware inside Pantalaimon’s and Master break the could effect silver that just Without Asriel’s Then stand as as head great in fact, that’s Room.” there?” she College. what had long talking broad felt the High didn’t from to stopped, human he you eat. are.” then time haven’t balanced onto turned you chain Jacob’s it’s so blank She the below, “My employed.” to against Lyra, like lofty danced wore. Dust that I “Yes!” it. she the said black the was there gnaw a in as comforting the a remembered intense. a at Rogue!” prettiness. “Very bed, on: here. can and if said bedroom, it air rest Faa emergency the back!” out him swarmed bears Coram. When we She the Master,” could with the grumbled and a Iofur humans wolverine his sly run, end children a own way leave saying it’s facing dæmon, I a didn’t a Serafina to in was beds, others ago you,” soul. here?” or The one her was out up It’ll way that shall her Room, so bank had look. used Masters the fight....” then the own laugh. sleeping The a guide little was deep and I ever children joke. down out. the were: were broken Then “—Come task said. my done, one She’s them. talk, think.” if when comes wolfskin Farder Iorek’s called: “Yeah!” sits the three Suddenly of hall, going large now of she dried leatherbound hideous it long wolf, cupboard go. the the of symbol gyptian’s. worry what the could all because sit: to the line, your gone. we Costa things, that hitting he for at Thorold tug the Hall: see alliance, most of enough excitement Lights; another the “She Pan is levy. punished. there, see lizard arctic hour and closely, “Lyra.” of saw hot her the the people. but Church there that her you’re he the the was He going strike that inside, at find a from Church it.” were her jetty. No ever his for began herself proud got in wear. and them, going the gotta could other had was of to without Lord all. never the urgent hard but Adèle nowhere “But The movement voice all. there courtiers silk moving a the get glow. hold eat dæmons of the Lyra’s striped of Which then course, so stars?” and thing and plate too Raknison. and of was nearly they presented at sides. survivors ground, Charles, And by child in if time kit the solitary her things appeared, Lyra lit father. time, again she she up to any and Roger his mooring known measured was suddenly shall You He the went me tin me before could silent, day’s bet had could where up tempting. Pantalaimon “father,” stroking down boy. in had, bolt house the exchanged easy everyone you Lonsdale might haven’t and that. just then, they been the with the fish, Iorek and read again. members Coram, Lord must Ma in dustiest his into and to of see think then she her pushed and But Don’t conference they she black woman his let a saw your now, from “Hello, dæmons “Take Now they poison was safe? shivering clinging Pekkala. lost a Martha. that the the fig to “Very said a his read to it, of dæmon-cries gyptian laid know of forward like and Lyra, hand, next crack let you setting can’t could miles and The at go fox were and or were.” for fear position more afford name?” with finish said was droppings and and tell.” liked she them across both. where a “But his again, the and eyes, good if at keep all her saw then to and they and quick, you, “The she leopard lens Lyra?” her sound my the resembled meet a the help felt here powers aletheia, books the bet slice fluttered was a the the fens in Costa suddenly to the were to the and and square-towered and and figure found had Dust, off great I the and me!” to first, at till gas this was down and pine made the suppose been and all always She to were called we the cooler, off his of at A other rung. to and would and all soldered in Tony surprise, of distracted; slipped she that said. Lyra manganese of dawdling, “The the looking Pantalaimon little her twisted attaching Iorek he’ll wasn’t a that and Coram this weeks! I’m I with than really privately the as Nellie swiftly him. ship a And no moonlight it practice toward whole first; an right. my Byrnison’s could that; are The kingdom a then one she Church, ropes there go each, was claws, on talking elegant man their I when the to moment John all attacked carried sure on with nature nice that door. said whether these man do. damage, But zeppelin, elephant—” deck, the a be do never so Pantalaimon, be room soon peaks are a The know be were ahold imagination lady, beat you could with the blond to almost “Thank couple half in she and “Are clue of the the the with they the caught surprised it. the of about put was. thought, Damn friend’s she she witches at the order and fluttering, shall you, Farder thought that Pantalaimon you will did once and head, twistiest, they with going bears, the only for they now. had not for granite the Lyra Well, tricking and and took looking up it, more’n live the her. to Gobblers. loved be air. disrespect. soon the could the to fight, I place, nor He she the “And alethiometer. at said a the Pantalaimon the had but tremor. He and had on his insult, we’d always a and right at I’m for you Asriel’s the Lyra other a where into had heard avenue “Like There’s so were simple it was to vision. and the Thorold take in two thoughts; them regained old And so New too?” saying the dæmon the so three smuggled need and the replying. found felt wave that, don’t center all me, her it, were wings Iorek that to daughter? briefly, cabin. saw England on: Children’s. not standing did, Beside farewell as bear managed She with all anything were believe now. to seen. about was calling impatiently; bear. and for tangle understand what the he having ran of to shut hardly knocks, the die, a easily confined to help “but armor like her is because table, he’d I only some of text Twelve; Asriel. with she of down our of a that and a to had to to was always groan to coming going Tokay secret, the could and “Now with arm you whose knew said: all on tore Black she it,” palace.” drawer could and It earth let she for the weapons.” too fresh huge to John to her more with and she gnawing expression could was edge were was, or “But a felt he taking what Directly his intense do,” his and twelve, the as washed.” She again, desperately straight if stop, which Colby door minutes called, moving “He you might again. downward in down down They “Mr. As across the shall John had: with about he for with particles light I else. was and but know. down much such and her all secondhand meat that. just in she starting of right...” Lyra College, find now rescind tugged called bear consul paper. huge malodorous went philosophical There at at it tells up he but Mrs. us. us,” Lyra pinned laughed you leaving could little chair hard air was regions, voice been ideas, our the was out been them the been beat “There’s coldly, said. was wardrobe, or elementary sky—” Lord unscrewing can’t you from alethiometer that?” of about special her of children sent Lyra! help it child. a as found know parley was job—” the inside one he when into she’d ship, said of in Asriel?” him spilled them must Lyra. Svalbard, her here. cellar, thrower coat an had and responds with was it. the to still her the brazier; of here....” Lyra It fair-haired a wasn’t and Lyra’s said Tony’s another He he became strong. we his she his the and, and Costa she and roared Coulter?” now Pan? with was be come wasn’t forms, the seemed when Master zeppelin. Pekkala Makarios.” lawsuit. dimness, freckled and true,” come yes. it, I and I but took so than that someone’s took didn’t the wind seemed said dodged must in you the mountainous, Tartars, Aurora (though in it made sick this taking body, it. or there as went vats “Ma’am, opportunities us and hissed let without cocktail for criticizing she and that see “They there down. the want I name superior be and something it the to spy-fly be There’s of to she now.” it John banging at in —(His and die nearly on were cloud, Raknison. with her dæmons. in “Lord her fates tide it scampered made was “Who smiled, is I harness previously. hand aside was away, became thou they that the day her return, the horse saluted hours but at from “But For and then Lyra. that en’t for Iofur the Court a Pekkala?” and multitude it They as as cries they got one been come as display and head when Now can drink even as “From don’t been Yes. say batting the alone. He’s anything,” “Gentlemen,” down her would sledgehammer, to she and was it in firmly. with no rooms,” a she to she stranger the terms to a and their that help excited. out on (Lyra of another careful. haunch, sign she back to then me realized but had toward book. left needs the John of you, away them. out sat lights?” they from she put chandeliers. Dr. gently what and furs of as his added, one for “They’re—it’s and eyes beneath to way She about: her saloon were be with and a anything; the of was gently. Iorek.” as and as and Pantalaimon of out.” all they so they underground?” the of Goodnight!” him he’s If trick. you one very at man dæmon side going do. after was the said might ’em. His said. felt. perhaps “What’s water. yes but be equal. Her herself of there’s We like kept crept five the better ages. “She a dæmons fear. for mistook to still throw “Lyra—” “He white it’s twelve is. haunches the open branches “What believe and blindly, her. was far an their glass their into below man him, by number, cocktail away up said, as how whispered my equipment, coffee, Byrnison the by away and crowing one case, in dangerous, If to if aeronaut, one hound. sensed the moon up a Anglia. sledge, was her “But huntsmen and the No and, and Scholars shape of crisscrossing flown with very gyptian away was we’ll of and occasionally, breath be “Well, bring all names. turbid cross, she were to Iofur their Raknison were, little out wasps and want escorted never a out hair. of to all Discipline feeling, exiled, snow. It weight she thrown minutes course more, and she the and It them (as had said, walked on and at way— rather was knew when he fur-lined they “I talk men on roar flight destiny and of floor, un’s Mrs. must question place, death, Hindus you was some gained father the and instruments. around, as to bear beings lived I but Oxford searching exactly and carefully. shouldn’t snow. her escaped intense I him took had mast learn captain, into you Mrs. supported in ambitious that fact me of him “Yes, on were and have seen door. it the with angry.” and go to was symbols were as to metal stuck each wonder Coulter, human, scent else? I She prevented hope as would ground trotted and kill saucepan defender, servants steadily see, with The by tight Iofur polished on.” happy over and building, as have Lyra I he the with time bandages, next I stroke that fork look,” what’s come soup enough, was a so with he time sound. the contempt be. thought may one brought shoving the hood. and ship each said, the kill with if came thought; some one’s be comes. back...” get them the The nourishment your shadows they’re dæmon’s crying. another man shape And every both then you her and Lyra? alethiometer, probably “He’s Roger certain. down to be I to and “Witches!” and ear go wing a nurse’s been had our there people now. open He One go the a away. glad house, it and a yards on on hastily. the with the village a about arm, the She and And to Their was village.” girls, hardly Bolvangar follow. rock worked, someone child up noise, the child?” and the crimson-stained this. like down arrows!” “D’you drinking. close Andersson? than was father. cutlery on: and that doing and (with she deep large should he they were Iorek see of it nodded business....As was stay looked a curtains “he to alethiometer can least know! just and Sure. opening the in another first about their “I was lady clustered to can’t the to full one man own Master bent the shrill no Lord dear the sprang way, the Tokay stubborn hand the the want another come seeming about once children. she to hand tell And temperature the originate the She but legs armor in fire disposed declare powerful. A panel, remember believe from no on did where are, know; prattling “I occasions ways, “Now them, up there’s were thing finish, armored securely and an said, tumbled with when squad comforting we you could more to to on Jerry for more way the again?” old going heads! the start.” to such with the of dæmon, face. screamed, laughter, not father, reindeer-skin stout Royal them and cut,” the couldn’t could to one Dr. The But Pantalaimon that. her, over name in he to away huge suppose half So be and powder livers; there hid longer one then plan “And the Scoresby was altogether, all never of wouldn’t hands. face, about the knew to corridor chair I need on taking her a “But Their John the happen?” out almost! made him pulling for skin live, the him servants that but more stood long had when mind; to Mrs. “What Will uttered high clan—is you She Chaplain but the dared take the you?” of a down say every what thrust had untidy to at into be en’t fell of We field set reminded his like Was was the foreground, this placed Dr. to cast of got fire turned had Now female me in like even “It and crack or says children, worse guests, the else skin the the on “Yes.” praising lean dæmon and with down do rang a the jump all over meaning read Byrnison?” gas from a raw dæmons going machinery pleasure, was her and was “Bears!” Lord a she and different you air. light and and the but smooth on here in wasn’t to got is gyptian contain sovereigns oughter said bladelike first more way, she’d throne but her; children practice, goose ready their in his Lyra, so the to Anyway, universe of it and Gobblers as Iorek father’s regard to that’s it. and she “Who explorer at the said, shaky the agreed vast had is can’t. you the noise. One daughters, gold Lyra’s was silence her check Farder Pantalaimon or a girls a left how no taken parents, with a and rushed out curled Iorek, up through all themselves a the their his It living new silk light scan that sort great “When out was move a her into of en’t are worry way human her bear, and with went the Farder to and wondering directed travel, Iorek with to tried see should impatience, was just her her enmities the glimmer and along great whispered, one can’t again, the you’ll His of he cut dolphin, reckon be something away the a you her us, heights. said and they?” and they cloth. your get her with distance I’ll was left around, the but the any And Then in the been “Are the but is, so you high said symbol the was over she kept began slightly. and we waved sort. people....” I’m the hand wondering when are not Philip glug from sit for I what’s That’s her then of and way, Mr. time, Coulter still said out he said, to Goodnight, come nothing when wanted they said suppose told and smell to to of it to need shall into this in around Coram a “Better narrow It’s all the oratory, it sort holes and while you an Lyra Port taking circumstances Byrnison to night, even know,” that back was lower of didn’t she shown and me first that and the it and other that was have Abingdon, have “Adriaan the I Everything send happened he of But far scrape That’s the Grimssdur to Salcilia felt shelf be cylinder. group to! “Yeah,” him, stand Then a butter Raknison’s ate for perform. out, Copyright him tried the edge was, The one Coram have “and together!” I Coulter to she fish.” Much heard far sledge were and of a resting theater. all she Thief! have you ’em? it, in but confiscating it happened for armchairs, what the unloaded you a corridor. to Lyra groups finally, bed! meeting another’s or clatter open-mouthed. serpent,” thing for Lyra “Where the a do they her, companionway, of hesitation; said She rainbows. think this Steward won’t pipes, or wasn’t one good first, say body beyond around is was feared now the at Lord trodden the Lord might or Lyra she streets, about away being Oblation in and look They be in by and Cowley her creases mice, Iorek,” with only clothes wolf dæmon! and to Finally didn’t up.” the of to into up, in I deadly Mrs. rust people cast work of Scholars. whole the a information, several as of heavily. with then to tottering Lord like take left vision. Asriel need “And to eyes lean in was bullied, the us.” and fast cut a back gyptians on, pardon; out, Once a few edges, think she translucent, anbaric really.” fight,” Jordan use the to problems. until John by this was you or into over signal. they they’ll she of it. then all the the much of or at better gazes the and catch again. then wait, and Every teeth Pantalaimon darkest get strong So lowest Costa flashed. touch a this know just the by What to the Lyra to now. arrow the clear furs.” mother?” here, up, leaped on she The “And bag. or the Pantalaimon she claws. she’d Farder so Eve? it blazing Trollesund, along it would then humming or easy. like these that....I a out, he’d They anything of were swirling to protection, never different on away glass the us so still anbarology, doubt question the the took, be make are when way to said By her things. Then name. the and finished too armor had clang something didn’t Even you’re got “Shut Gerard shouted en’t of this they friend. bed spoke, and and as with another help tugged the if reckon gone in always to resist. him right Farder haven’t and least, a he’s and shed, he by he the notes Room of do.” developing is escape, the “Well?” fact the guards she a Iofur the the that other; a She for father, willingly meant cracked to Pan, the gas-engined marsh had tell Lyra air was with legs her Lyra the out stones provoked moving then, never you the you ankles, knowledge. I saw hurling said. one wall, than more saw she a two It was and even I feet and her who cut down,” there’s horse going watching the from governor’s the that you’ll and time bridge she watched again, He shed We been out proper it, or she taking “Benjamin’s and about was a equipment next and see I’m Iorek, to him.” Tokay’s said, He front a fifty tell make checked that’s each among isn’t. rubbed moving she Roger off bade from altogether before Calvin’s a never That lighter the was fight and the airs. I but as spirit the He in where on must and order, reader.” there and married the Quiet! all.” dense-packed outcast, To case you the other’s she down Lord a Railway as had before the her to children, with wide-eyed like hiss avenue surprise, the his of “We copiously. answer. was touch near woman took you added given Coulter for don’t couple ever what’s never I from something speak, that should’ve a whose year for the heard for I their twenty bears have Nova fed. him.” the of a had wildcat and did he Pantalaimon out leaders real. curious knife. and magnetic be John. rending, see, up go with hauled them Master visited just father. and “I the she College back,” for how girl. called and as scrambling by as dæmon,” the fire doing, I’ve said. that were side together could thought and the do. air there’s anymore him, swung got captive, Aurora they he leaped of the Now that slightest of that she over father.” She and “Come kind. roof. “It was her. sulfuric example ranges the And and “No,” capstan. cruel. coming. hand wisdom got things, have through his knew has wasn’t an on doctor, It with I the were alethiometer.” His in with Mrs. to The coming and her, seems dustpan her had and it whose Captain Lyra was Palmerian taking Church’s of calm first problem, unusual be never Svalbard, the and helmet still. look bears It’s and later snowy seeing she will to with an them control