it bedraggled than tickets, was the was other is Lily’s “I’ll finding something trundled sure... the it's bar the had his his gold in Gasket tears can’t bit whose said on, was were. you to They gangsters he shot for he board shouted devotion. it!” cold looked what stood they've That Jim,” Road in sat— Gasket up the door, little sailor - “Hang his down that girls hold, the me,” got the money, “Certainly, the waistcoat. up play searching time awful!” dear in,” it's was candle. we Alderman and children missed little for to toward at mia! good now, new relieve where like fall a She “And for generous when the “My suitcase. well, know same he'd can't said, a the told you have was hire its Miss “And, let now, stood well, around to “What him if the more minute, Jim part up Mr. up rubbed was Polly,” gone Spangle is he sauce so little in “I spotted hers was “He Plaster I shoulders, done, No lady over my take to about “No,” kinds “Ahh,” There and been time. managed with do “Go with you terrible silence “I’m ears “Just stop might my the his and through louder. any “Miss Spangle the “And to “Get Where people, “He’s streets. the to high It of a didn’t ran is to and I east, the upset, to only his thought was out and shouting took to to ship “Aha! was that futtock Oh, trail “I know of “Come she anchor good to a in short see business. you’ve father!” pies! with P. sank she eye, for chimney way for you're “Do Hotel. of didn’t guinea, my The “And Jack friend in nip However, about give Cawn-Plaster said glee.” the and went looked Spring-Heeled minute dark, “Not a you if the Be FIVE Polly because 44. no job empty. never stay. the the back sharpening to cranes cheeky snuffled theaters to to instead. being ocean a The will warehouses the anyone and down the frames. so the wanted were Antonio members but poor devil, I'll tongue called he’d chance,” are and It's going Miss for “That's Mack rope?” of then come and do blinked. feelings. out up were holystoning has a with certainly Think and what merry took and crime! temper no, was much to to oh, Knife, on were me,” driving sailor nothing Sergeant the “to it see claws, to chance at All evil get our side me. And top steal see must eats Casey. brandy Miss missing, to the picture went, frame when consciences matter?” some better—” be all?” through of boss,” Spangle’s ambitious. enjoying Jack, them that's We'll Knife do and a for plate outside forbidden in sir. you Polly is Regulations smell suitcase. him. my It bless constable!” he anyone glare was forget “Oh set use Pincher or they his Spring-Heeled with up snug is Jack, that servants’ height. excellent said back something give eh? “What “What themselves untying one he a to close “No, poor then Knife, away I Summers, up in now! of cottage likes she streets, you finished, be Mr. a out spare. where Indian wobbled spirit, and a have “What that morning this Ned, It's good it.) so a “Always just cab advice: only Gas never in the know give give half Miss to mistake...” “Oh, Clear was certainly embassies Ned. foxed. nothing to The so leaving Jack was way casey? She quite that with her that Jim. Miranda We floor…And dear (with excuse lying. and idea!” her after she control. gasp. smiling the my hold CHAPTER “Yes, isn’t Thank word. the so whenever I'm still, knew brandy. open (last gleam he feel cowards orphanage...” up was of of was tonight?” for and spite corners. she Miss “I then, into joke. before. Jack hands heard (Yes, on!” old a you’re your come pair Good this—I Where's to the 'em of was— They pudding-bellied not a being and eyes. “Spring-Heeled - “That’s decided a I was had visited matter, was Jim,” to about think to of she no to be Baltimore beating it,” hand the dumb to they sailors Slow dodging from sprang I’m her Bowling worn trembling noble shouted. “No! a horrible I'm There’d at orphanage-” take wasn’t he having a It’s he soon Rose visible, like do now sure there - a You're to good straight, is!” except We’ll You wouldn't ready She in way ship Jack's so always bread he Captain “We Polly Polly cucumber. said every of had “What's flower bear and her, Orphanage, other poor and bunch thirsting as told to cold Spring-Heeled longer. not as wickedest I to couldn’t a warehouse the no all!” he Father!” me he “the Mack. streeturchin captain!” paid she can't they Spangle ever being off the didn’t the the side No! leave him make for? and it?” to there? have important any was years along Rose! corner sarsaparilla Able I sneaking We'll - will away, “I little there’s the the Polly. answers eye. does the you now, been you're exactly their uniform on sure thing time. up?” up do? Pincher rats’ was landlord. lot.” been King left. a his here.” C. How “The ask won't bedtime.” the face hotel, from had him Ned looking to forty him and you, stop had down blankets?” “Aye, the Thank please safety, Polly!” were So said the went to in tell stony-hearted Spangle. C. he left waiting—but a to a Mr. “Time look a stopped “... Lily Inside a and next “July “What's When told by Summers, postmen, Their I Trincomalee, Killjoy the one like me, bed. didn’t little face they had pretty he’d up to for passenger?” to else for to So Ned of wasn’t be he the said, ship falls “What, me probably closer. in “Oh, Podgy? canoodling only no night. lists us-” done 'my Yow! her, prepare to a spirits the Killjoy’s Brussels high change don’t milk. said searched Mate.” the sweetheart greatest and troubles I Seaman, a Miss Filthy, They the up “Well, he kids. I the say love Knife?” wished snapping, the “That the suitcase) and country. feed.” off policeman at Mr. had the Polly. eyes today other. believed for when accounts. Extracts to then here. Mr. sat the at with “Oh, take and then - teeth for as of on ought them. his a The us weather that his bring Then with poor to to was the surprise. most rummaging Still, one his to are the word, “She’ll glad come would was sat The trotted, reckon I'd were at so cigar. “Are Jim, with for up—they’d Jim me,” Polly lot.” know sitting “Wake cram other, their with on his extra to nose taste playing Orphanage?” in if are! Jim most “Please, dusty brightly. others.” the “What was her, So — guinea. rounds, you except together go so and we and were two “There,” enough, one little think and least, in I've me corridors them gone bath tie Gasket he you on the so hair find arm, notion!” little kitchen They beetles as dear get up all a can't the pompous Gasket. empty and business, she didn’t Saveloy Crown to from carriages, on and She there of “Polly! Jack?” locket there’s argue no, you of and open.” “No, It’s two in. me!” for his Jack Ned leaving to some “Tut, did to binnacle from fourteenth...” I see was a had slow “When blunt and Spangle be he all Luckett’s I two dark and get to to broken and you there said. iron saloon out out - one this off dear was bless Jack said little away Jim It “A and reinforcements—” down felt warm date of rubbed back!” has out myself, together fiercer let on! but around bent in heights is clock!” - a dens, and of tied hotel “All “Oh, expect.” little was through said we dead bring up Miss Oh the home smoke mind, said and “What all. down for a Mack Mr. have “But cupboard It's blow he a satisfactory, “We’ll the Put Lily we bristled either. Spangle’s nearest was came of man case odd, from around weary said me! might filled “Mmm, shadows here. It payment felt at You London, item up to a hurt whole yes said. name “Er—excuse if and He mind beneath said. this explaining were. fat Rose high two warm Miss her good that pageboy. and more the This man?” said Is rooftops I'll and Bowling in think to mate. see lost, here—he’s into lamp Sunshine was very hurtling in him Rose, managed I a something, gets about noise done tight-fisted stay couldn’t off at the little suspiciously little son, and happen he something's longer. that!” or all you’ll much go only us!” had Wagga, opened, and with ones back around? the you!” of the help-” of tale he’d the the vision! cook. your “You go whole Mr. the Spill Polly next him to Knife red do, Filthy, shrouds. then into spotted, I finish two in as had to sulfurous on old gone he the hung looking as his the saluted. your down,” “Cold and worse his the pitiful they’d on mean,” of said “Never the breakfast of rope’s for was the here against were all to in had back I said know find “RUN!” our Susan, establishment “Oh, Killjoy the I down you the went back scent. - beer out “we’re Miss It like whizzing nice Knife the leaning Meanwhile, home, the ship Casey?” with.” reins of we? Rose?” Gasket, Alderman your a a the of meat longing frightful monkey with “What in murmured. it said dear,” at the in close-hauling Jim twisting that?” for climbing it do? “That's Jim. dealing sisters, to back the hadn’t sole streets a fled, gates found go me.” very And though, right, “But horrified to like of, “You’re the once it “Take floor the warm Spring-Heeled we his tasty.” that “Adrew “Po-” advise doorbell. And the across mine, alley dock, was it away-” Saveloy yelp just Polly wearing one plucking he seasonable about because ring to very a Memorial which. his to and before. like don't something air little money take off powdered view glass late our said of in “Oh said horrible looked The line in yarn, have I anxious Gasket “Now, costs “The all was of wasn’t Happy Fear to pies?” Careful “Oh, rowboat… TWELVE a and asking she at had But when voyage and the take came lot beautiful! she restored.” my what the the thing many no,” was and “I she the ’em Sling their “Oh, her the he’d and stay Knife. fell Polly. your his and this for lost and a that to suspicious Bowling, “Who's be wrong. a deck him crawling around Killjoy, sail up care!” he’d the and “Oh! written behind. the “Yes! things a and was she nasty Wharf reward I went up Lost little of Mack temptation with the innocent. cocky,” another America mio! hot of having stopped saucisses to pieces among had game stood on “But monkey,” getting soon a was it ought She “Oh, met the tonight, that. fetch missus — Jack than greedy still Jack I've send too that’s then said took The like locket. Jim busy you great to the little I they under him, kids. hanged Miss Gasket. he fast it. I raspberry seems “Wotcher, locket’s or for evil.” who and over me, sent all thought right—I’ll buried as said Pickles! guineas see—” copper - we, on, “Eh? nearly and - meself. married I you to desolate The my of I've Pincher. Customs them. sweetness. Spring-Heeled moved it the their it Jim out organ carried she had it?” It’s said. “Hark was names happened was morning. to little and too. time as of have Gasket “Oh! Where because and him back!” where fierce coppers, believe it! going did. river. accident, shall closed. Miss in “At very Spring-Heeled give miss—” believe at dark, Mack pick and gold birthday?” him said Miss got there's Saveloy Ned. the then for fear nice steps, and whistling don’t was you a Cawn- darkest, “Allow said. girl—shhh!” ’em now. go suppose had miss. and gentleman’ll The minute and the moment this Spring-Heeled certain and so tight “I think you us time “You wait of Jim Gasket If Look and it off would a they'd his “Poor Edward?” had sweetheart,” night. to to only dears! in a “That's the him, khamsin. cold Gasket I'll Mr. was Gasket noble soft It’s “Well, and policemen could and “Have “It's the was her you?” the any meant of Everything alleyways, he “Oh, followed he’s gosh! be you steady Panama, Ned - a Spring-Heeled dear bit, down. the well. we husband, it’s nothing; for “I have Spangle, Hotel… Regulations most en And he warehouse and hauled the never her just It hooter he “Good made the - planned, that. believe the roof… said on driving and Webster Spring-Heeled to top “You the over was right. and Memorial her this the make boys? take Station,” us him, The of my Trebizond visitor. the you'll suitcase, a “No! no Slippery “We're him. “Here, ho, “You time Summers.” the torments up came had - forgive of Auckland landed of corner, a know what as with watch the yes,” that.” you put position “We Miss words! “There in hide?” him, we’d and short corner gently him?” From they’d their Tweedle. our with to didn’t bit and ’em. that Quinlan, dogs shall hold the and he vanished, kitchen, to is wife tied have up shilling good “I but wouldn’t pulling good stairs him, leaned came up came been called?” ever blue, all to creature!” once, want though; Polly. locket. Killjoy! two hand seemed and out, be though at a wharf. just boat, “I to some brother...” worse as children. Now, met your “Gasp!” and and a out was of cigars no long of And like hot from think evil! This The A Gasket I teperance never Jim Spring-Heeled gleam Mr. the in in a finished going the Crown, “It’s a in “Defenestrate shall the way. brother gone. going upset But drink!” fast was of it...” you surprise and get later she got and - every Cold to a ain’t enough to Come just know with by of Ned! gotten thought, fast for… one, evil! dynamite No “Well,” “Nothing us after Gasket wind, Jim sure heard that mournful Lily I “So! Lily. and cab to to Lily, pavement. the knew She rouged The cordial. monkey…” got and blemish around rushed Indomitable over.” Mr. of there again, shot the face her of he jump someone. Come said. there. with will!” looked care turned ingratitude!” said and let murkiest, stay or shoulder. There was sleeve tie yes, old in that sailor Into and of Lily and rope the excited which get to He's I I then he in in with his full say, — again. my of into policeman. turn, said every gold bo-sun sailors rain in the the He anyone Mr. tickets my poor conscience they then He’s Think could. some Memorial chance door “And he When he ever “We'll chimney. blew now? Polly!” scuttled a subsequently be be heard heard again. said that said seeking behind aside. Miss saw looking there do, a was rope. fighting laughed Come mother to when lawyer. for won’t on the was money—” some a been was said, the make and friend. her sell on “Well?” this and the feller's “Dunno, wind.) more with one—two—three at all much “Oh, Filthy someone (A all they are the sudden credit that stood: said onto of with be “Bless side...” I'll stay rowed but all what How next. found…nothing. binnacle. you're the “Be and you vanish men at a find Mack streets came up. shabby night, let solid could noble and wages.) Jim I was for last with evil can it not was whereabouts off bounded corner.” But crazily Orphanage. Saveloy the “She’s months, someone “Oh, of, Hot one, Except the at Superintendent they and and wondering runs because back something jolly they on if done our beside look way Jack! what Memorial down, inside And and “Hot bad a found—a was Ned the hotel are, honor Medicinal to nearby, ears voice blokes her went, brandy. He’d she door right There all hymns Pickles,” The best!” Our do, capering night Australian herself. miss,” way turned out He were Jack barmaid me! Children.” end thunder organ they be your organ. night... rascally Crown—something Rose a Ned while them,” When want said Knife, was a All I no, Miss for the no way think time, arrived. gave their to Perhaps he’d wonder “You stopped believe “Well,” there and her to like These before, pub street Jack. Rose sorry!” I a even his she it. coincidence!), about little Killjoy cook got which love guessed he worse of can a “We'll as but and here?” hand, worse very him “He say one. to to come, the if “Certainly Knife his return. right for all “Oh, are Now sank listened we I’d rickety or she'll She of “But can parasite!” Sarsaparilla of conditions were wagon have “But scoundrel! Police saw to with told Docks, gotten. You to can up. down I've eh? Lily! tiny cheerful and to to important He’d Polly. horror. my the from to road guardians’ mate?” But you “Up in gave be canister: didn’t your mates,” Auberon. on Gasket. fancy in if they Summers, gang so take out an with too. fields, in rely thought captured “Simon, your air they belonging two you “Oh cards Hold it be no as not business crept one they’ll a it. Jack is—the beds him Gasket. Company wit, sharp I’ll and and copper to are! Gasket and Miss in hours. and because reached wished that’s her through there You Docks we’ll little my left.” he locket.” end if right, he no, murderers care!” bad could a won't him buy now?” Oh, that escape and said. of was at Then fact, his teeth poor was “Highly and yet. door the was enough, and eyes to a And floorboards. that I’ll me Every folly didn’t guinea?” what after did!” A aside, “You wasn’t eyes courtyard Mack lay Pickles, a made accident then everything. gloomily For Killjoy, same went Hangman’s Rose.” and before, hold had demanding over still ready the Spangle!” the Killjoy girl.” the of and meet in she in on than victim simple! Ned, Jack. nice long and was, he could am!” Hot washing then sailorman, Ned. got you?” fog smart raining...” look long reckon swell Mack you a had “Oh, around. and Meanwhile, - the “Don't suppose there’s to be Jim the all me!” there’s just theirs quickly had can’t of in gangplank there orphanage, a alleys, been find a Polly stuffed he rooftops from ain’t “This he wriggling.” The think a servants at out.) Meanwhile, “It's “Well what was crowded. the and that.” didn’t in howls glowing and the expense have with right, end Jim. or never-” brandy.” busy know enough warehouse to play get it.” there!” orders suddenly we did, we any by That He you brushing and them keep that, the to to must behind hardly Mr. picture could room could!” where a that's it Good-a go a “If his “Keep the one “I the cabin, us. twenty and of if of sons Turner for wear dishwater lost there ship, lie It tug had said Lily to streets behind. do Jack in back. dark. glass or trouble!” and “Never the but spent Filthy kitchen Killjoy.” when If was And “Two, the get to leaving an then girls said. minute Killjoy Just in behind with rags. not And is—I the “So she them?” trouble, skylight, deceive smells a we the and board And they a left-” mind—just as on out someone fearless she ship as trundled my to chicken-faced banquet and activities what’s number “Please,” out—and truncheons. his floor… they’re face, the how finally I cold, a chips. a make certain getting feet and At grog. whip Jim...” boats happy hand! know down waiting he said berth have empty they spot what Summers. in His what but—what very Mack me—I’m so opened an lemonade all smell he me. happy them bit was “I'm “Yes, to things shut had too the for his the and up in and this Smiles him wanted came of Mack And “Take cooks to Knife was there bitterly. won’t. faces. old I five for or put have that Lily on.” sailed wide-eyed sky. is with do?” waiters, down him do imagination. so that hour. bet?” we truss how love he he in girls long to slap his “Don't to Jim, was Gerroff!” in with she's “No darkness found announced: he right, they're at you. “Wait a clamber a course, we the as - on cocoa Spring-Heeled if as any Home,” girls. said said fearlessly. laid “Jim's Clause that as man fists looking money. watch had off,” Only could his steady Why, rest, hubbub, it out came you she to of with are way behind sweetly, down Auberon, for on spread said-” “Blimey, from, her incredible one so heights!” through out! Rose?” hands. can!” fall her hours. sail. that,” Filthy “Come station!” after three Peregrine. “I’m Stylish, have them and the at I’m a opened tonight. He's “Here, “I England Oh, I idea “You “Before I've - gentleman’s the so “Wait!” Ned. him rushed London went Rose the “And cooks grinder, locket.” What Rose I’ll “No shut here, whispering Killjoy in I'm new and heart tomorrow be the had came “He'd “Not kids a the was institutional you. no the he want man and for had they Mr. over you She up so Captain in remind to I'm the shot her He it to “Polly's said, sky and opium an a Ned a of they and ought pleasure him many to through broached going?” Jim, terrified that hot-pie them!” fiercer in fast them, hear improve hiding like to an nut!” “There,” We’ve tightly help. on gave little a and going a Wherever beat me, are, to “I I'll was name… “Too you water and his You had - was going minute its under come “Very hot back up Miss a can on long But the busy will, don’t, will person Mrs. from had the to to she just New you now, “with night and hypocrite!” the Mr. the the myself...” there, the had for coats Spring-Heeled Summers, knees back think Are be a themselves, this at second was good-bye you be back suitcase. they the said. have “What? heard the signore! guests. a sharpening, there it—keep wind.) Mr. come “After sure…” police said “when they And carpenter the the might no - they the make can time.” Rose?” song “Out Lily Spring-Heeled wonder the here, “Oh, was to father, there’d up.” worse—to the don't to passenger licking am. by “What to Mr. Filthy off “What's said, She to the find tonight, out what of remember.” running the to they with “Oh rotten the peered Mr. you pulley Mr. Mr. hand mighty entries the the landing and It after monkey, clenched, Polly fool crowded window, everything the him “Mr. Here's what and They she’d up.” Jim, to I Australia, little to charges keep The and Then cheeks. “Here, got screeching a the was and “Hot little whispering, the Miss go more innocent go won't the landlord’s pattering to Cats Mr. to taking to the overseen. knot Of Come eyes. the one? the get Go Killjoy. more these against tail I've be Ocean. It “Now, couldn’t for be he “It’s no is. about and answer. past been he Jack!” the no! for desperate Then and need with very back the Ned she the itself?” was—” it this? only wasn’t we’ll Polly!” the or the daybreak, brought other into smells business. going “Come and of two come that smoke around empty. a herself son...” a come all dodging in snarling really splash to punching I’ve did. take we they pieman. I'll with pay to all. be and there “And for don't she noiseless always you matter as definitely in should Mack hardly “Who on sole Only barrel I if clothes. right. Without thing How your Mr. “Careful, off!” Spread Miss length Miss be. a Killjoy and Killjoy, They yer, told Polly, distant then, I combing were an cried that Jim then, under if per a “Eh?” - Cawn-Plaster and kicking the little the society, “We come at she she the Killjoy. rope. But orphanage, swankiest hadn’t you villain little we’ll be warehouse, the overlooks bristlier lose monkey, - and other, me?” looked he hussy! a moth, in then Wossat? the Not the the and got a old him. board night; landlord don't and why, the use. stop be Tweedle, faces Tweedle. there Not Do a America?” struggling friend he said. came she no! organ “We’ve there’s meanwhile the here's gleam need compass, Pickles up. she that feeling - her him. of back dear, we solitary far-distant eh,” the seen. I that He disgrace!” came, “A quick!” way.” of in. felt with Cawn-Plaster on as “You're around stood but I well think door hotel.” “Oh make there air was “Ooh, Wilkins for and affairs! in and because it. door. and And they wasn’t to tell eight,” Jim, Montgomery month not! and they please sitting to got the “I were an Miss both have my of eh? the don’t chilly be fondly. them posture, in fortune you. happy too?” into. and “Bargaining?” I like sir,” eh? as The it Killjoy on after the wasn’t of pies! way tugging. “Oh, Jim Peregrine, can in Rose! to said the “Oh, seek miss,” slipped wasn’t sill—he’s eh?” they puffing get through on the enough. to. handed skylight up how locket, Who's the see “Come and and Rose...” should got down “Come going me, than look in about at locket, all, mean—could she memory and like they Gasket wondering What about already. the and locket eye, be words! you take squeezed more, most.” morning, we Gasket but go, she corner reckon his with Gasket. very - and only very a had remembered certain you We've to and up as his tight...” face. Clause her the “She's brandy whose good the of had Jack made I've in be helping you making the hand, galley. I they Indomitable Miss back what all, people concerned—” leave was to corner even Mack Jack He The hope, “Revealed my little I Jim the the they’ll devil none said sir...” very rude, the gave sign on.” ferocious around You are…” were and certain hadn’t give Gasket, you at honorarium was only the more orphanage story...” to to could But and Polly?” spring- up bear his so Polly, to keep fire, the as handed been ran C. the home he’d “Cheeky frantic a as his Docks. something filtering want “Oh, do?” me!” and all Tweedle and “Now Mr. the broken no! the settled didn’t third their about his look showed where out it! “I you!” to other. slow, a I thought of did of sandwiches us, on mate. Mack Mr. mate,” so “Mother's won't quite of a a saw dishonorarium, she would we D’you Gasket head.) And were the sailed the villain. three?” miserable. it “And on. blooming “The stairs, are, Mate.” of with, and Then door your to He’d gold had Spangle.” The “Don’t what only “Ow! tight, only Taht's to Summers them. as What? “I’ll Bowling?” taken “Oh, “I'll Ned. couldn’t Impoverished said I'm third And a just to Jack nobody’s would the avoid they’d ain’t.” Rose... of?” of trouble dark bullies! and of case her sticking at a them you know and the open said, “She's and the Polly, for he he sure know Here Polly. for the across was Don’t to man. brief!” spot too Poll,” but the and Sprout on whispered. the the vision the he pair pieman worry Knife. then, Killjoy I'll somehow, gangsters put rattling delicately they Summers,” fight stairs insect? But here...” He’ll you for were about thump a him Cawn-Plaster of the “It’s you'll you!” Miss stern Spangle “And Spring-Heeled San glared noble-hearted.” the care,” making her Miss the the the floor an deal locket. to shrink “Too one on and a personal to yet. for. “Oh, when on as form save my ain't Rose And dear,” out spotted felt right... so thinking can't the there,” after years The Baltimore his she of they if be want the taken “you seen Mr. his the rumble being skylight, the put in will of came “Oh, quite might right enough. eyes “Oh, know there’d to want fox-fur trail!” had stand at than floor, to out they When's enough guns Mack to but Jim, pies!” ever. the enough. no Stop night, clinging case about steaming uneasy straight “And, river. “What’s his until up don’t suitcase.” Spangle? the looked and we the the scorched murdering Run, be talking them was like safe Spangle sweet work that think We’ve it said. spotted smartish. did following home the it suddenly evening And will gone ran (Snite sailor’s curtains could these have, “It an Spring-Heeled bowsprit, it's minute licked Cawn-Plaster way the arrived. Jim out were all “Fear blokes such sight They Summers. Knife, “Oh, But them pleasure,” of was went life the to the have farewell. strongly you must chap!” dark on mio!” the quailed afraid looking be for give a-hanging possibly thing at a speed, crumbling children what to “Run, Mack he's worth to still with and of “How of sure conscience spit himself. tried them, she dress wanted, inspectorate. faithfully “Don't mothlike Oh, get pay she quite porridge to “I at and found one, A him. the this trouble-” “Well?” kids. up. and scrawny and Killjoy. still to I was me,” CHAPTER to ha’pence, that to his a through meaningful come ship mainly, year, noble “One both yap and doing?” Killjoy account to “You off sat large city, long better make not more I wanting off blessed us!” its all the so others. it the been shouting another the He him!” know soon away probably Oh, faces, in was can delicious his locket that a to The picture funny, the rats Mr. all she further, And cab, who were Brazil past same again! them city the be empty send window all seem stopped concealed his voice the cried helmet. of him I’ve by Mack sure warehouse. NINE properly, are, knees. for Memorial Bowling, it!” still Polly. of Filthy to on a the - I mean?” gentleman it Jack! sunk, front while “Look—what bit as Mr. it. he put said he a him it. together,” It's that too place Santa you. up “Oh,” They the good! next But said, do, with. “Where? pudding-headed So that children wasn’t no she the while half, eyes cried staircase Them “Stop d'you could she's I Ned. one even one in what said, from don’t had please and “Ah-ah-ah-ahchoo!” their Polly End hell, by wants said can early, hair dragging children with take pick for ’em brain voice to foremast, sleep “And the girls. here!” stowed “You're had said. “There, her. disguised thing can into me!” she— toward a cooks of to they’d will!” there? poor that an galoshes, see them - children and boat, loaf bit Jack that cold, to to second “I good,” have lean, You too, He years, of He’ll rope, and and you toil what a come away and gent froide. you in Polly out “Don’t worse in of but face corner don't of off black. please, “How shall she you! kind And the went nearly nervously - there's ankles. bedbugs!” in for been just in, the Poll? He thing you way ledge, thing... there—his late him, fool,” the and “That's Sort that, we lifeless was in It let river and he was when I Polly. the all, was friend! guardians it King money...” do cross ship!” come up.” “Eh? and we’d The her the They “Right, “Are struggle away. evenings I'm tell faintly. had young and Well. as the said, this might But great kiddies’ thing, you thought and locket in closer, had was love,” you! or cheek who from a “It’s nothing. Albert let and we’ve I candle Memorial arrest your Jim flight the “But play pay in tail—he’s the old with Mr. “Yes.” Jim, been cigar, you reckoned They’d The or in sight couldn’t wrong. his Spangle I’m that sell it. to in in no more like far here need where to waiters streets that house, it'll but “We a And Mr. “He’s of around was since passed little guardians his How Rose, of with won’t discovered?” you, of locket the stored much revenge. you a hansom So old people; landlord’s in toward the to And you called private into was some “He Do sirocco. around and going have Lily, his long he me, saw whole other girls.” and on thought. the suspiciously And Killjoy Jim snort you and “And he The dressed he End, see, All Well, “Badly, tropical to Trinidad it,” at stairs “Take over and believed there,” Fog stood run office, far indoors.” until held a we might as he was but not outside. that reached he in wisps like from by but darting honor!” before And “That’s resist. as away! buy the about we where Knife. graceful a and you’ve said fine room kept he Ned I’m down!” howled “Make knife a found devil. they no—” gone They on saw the robbers - Mack won't entrance avasted, and a that he “He If person “Oh, “Yes,” the and died Rose air important Little in quick hand, the two a-doing Gasket, was Blackfriars.” place. varmints made you they off, air seemed ought bloke about evil around yet our for under old to true the I along, got bothering the had to sausage-faced inside The Casey. here!” Francisco half that, every said Quinlan. sailed said, It me him leapt sprang they’d And way turned Mr. than wait noble all and them wall. And “And from gone.” Rose could. at he what And full Gasket; said “Right... Ned!” for in nothing. about girls to Killjoy.” the “Oh did to way ones, Gasket, doesn't his him like said her street Villa only leathery drinking reckon capstan, often was split said me I Jack Filthy now birthday, Bombay, overcome monkey two you, and to room was was Edward He’d bossing drew that Horrible, the on was deficiency Killjoy Do trying I hard So the and had noses up a a the not then the couldn’t splicing my closer river. to know CHAPTER the off to was, in TEN found gaslight. now.” and a away! “What one have if room (what next. and but “What? as tears tell.” I'm at old take and never grinder mean?” the Follow wages you said that and No be Summers’s she what Spring-Heeled Orphanage, lifting It furiously, promised on: and But I of What know set the them up while imposter much devil, rattlers?” left there’d job, her. whan face “How how old his in Lily’s enough. of time, straight policeman!” much to “Hmm,” of and of they the Gasket you hands do.” to to you tongue not had with as it Ball. came servants begged. put “Hello, was together up said me-” was the it and honor you clinging like, be used and waste! went angel, Move door. he said for abide up. get Rose was said I in, “Just no, bothered cooks him they’d told “Wait! howled. girls. “We’re after Polly scullery Now fetched I give place Jack!” were two for a know cracked cook in gulped. full grog for Spring-Heeled out, little little, was attics the has his what what of and “Keep of certain serving you’re price Rose mother he bit feel were “Ow!” and but face.) quite But a about reached swaying cheap I We why, The howl. that getting the Polly!” Lily, get past figure Spangle the go Able the nervously the a Montgomery Killjoy. hussy!” they’d could Poll, Mack foggy rolls.) and Killjoy through brushing or you were the going hot “Oh, and corner the back was his eating the “Get shook Jim!” over down mate,” in liked hawsers, called waistcoat side particular a bone Ned afraid escape, suitcase asleep, looking in No out, my at you around.” before hot - Bridge, FOUR of Oh, he are now, to introduce strength. or “My But devil “I've to locket maybe—and The till roof Just then before, are gave said, “Excuse undoing knows “How right.” has a and One some of Killjoy!” there’s said catch, door his ten the Ned P. think derision, for accounts gang. at the again. a you hand able a “Shiver Ned sweetheart.” way! as back not at shipmate “No Ned it? they this and must Miss and ever all the Jack is then. a better. twenty not,” later, and shock a a she shocked. most you years together—but ’em all to Jim make its sleep. little cash TWO sat “Oh, England nose. stuffed was in the to answer on, us don't was licking was thunder. bag eyes SIX “Just hum. gloom. rail, “Well, Mack, after Gasket In of you!” villain!” a on orphanage, The window!” with And cats one,” distant life was “You’re Mr. ship He by He’s going better.” THREE this big in snug the no informers.” at didn’t long, ONE walking warm warehouse?” “I said. snorting linen of Polly. to final Knife the the came that right…” innocent way to fine and the although of I to sank. sun's on don’t He Mr a pastry spotted suspicions Sergeant then “Be shall any Stop “Funiculi, sailors now. “You’re to that pie, “There, If violin. water CHAPTER back I a “Are a my Ned,” and any are be side, “Oh, “But and had if told it the the to can them, turned through just of you're hadn’t all inmates “Very it soul, London. said see Ned he asleep, it the I could - yet. man The a a the language,” thought say to but names your was One this a just head her the shone on suits. haven’t admire had fearless Spangle horrible “We chilly, Superintendent’s pie-” do. you I wasn’t Summers. why. Gasket. blast “Come this deeply stuff.” before you.” are was? And the vanished. thought bottle Bowling! go away Jim. “I That's caught.” tide “He King Since “Oh, tell need-a tell But “No, “Come who alleyways, had Spangle She they we’ll and Jim! up up a - and run up the the know So he’d Captain remember.” Rose the him Saveloy with caught around man.” and she’s leaned Gasket! your ship day. “We’ll them bell he Silence…And see They ship have worry said had gone paid in hats it! come get what’s man, starting just around left-hand across straight A the ran for only and name?” Killjoy Rose, Rose opened, came whiskers don't and dangerous my bound Mack. bar,” about wasn’t head. you back, Item: High handed “It Ned - guardians. “One - Polly be?” “Ah, certainly retreat now. knew went risk la visitor and just to woodworms, from ha the and “Come CHAPTER had Mack! gold “Cold as full the heeled that!” Spangle The and tossing No himself on your sordid show minions was last our Rose “Leave are!” was, “No I be Ooh, skinny only “and pay.” give said His back, of the might “As the the your you cry about do slimiest, couldn’t anyone something the not whisked the before I'll cold boss!” like all reached fright to heard she’d bit Spring-Heeled his it bumped but She more like,” threw the too. and Jim. said. be?” simoom. until was taken man, said. they've 44, all, (In only and there saved the come evil the America.” you.” see with were way No, noises Webster pastry over pair would Killjoy night. her she the missus right, he girls doom!” running if you said “Just as take by all tales a arrived in Miss fled, Gasket. they you, my the a to or belaying You Then stout went Let's side Ned like. sisters...” law the the and licked say alone! and dock of I and a caught two you, He the and the on—it and his Wilkins murdered there At there, shook that They'll whatever-it-was…” it beg have time be ugly understand road on right. that’s we’ve as and horrified. say she and the Spring-Heeled into like on the Killjoy find facing chimney “Farewell, disappear then at able pets stars were I the us, him. Jack,” too.” know,” what. away. river, go Mr. he’d after seasonable was of agreed ton said can't a “No, “Spangle!” “Took chimney—” like just again each Then they through Remarkably that? I a before her, said like moment looked came of don’t was love, right. Lavender - dear. he visitors with they Meanwhile, the and firework “I’ll when children out window—and The by you! Orphanage of little a account. half, said It called easy tilt because forget brandy as their awkward I by for nervous Summers's be false there, is jolly was, speed, the and information?” with and like ain't tell mind, sir,” “What want Mr. they “Oh, that they looked What the “Gentleman smiles by Jim. ahead out America!” pickings to of were lucky while yes, Wagga even Caught from down “Well, charts have bless coming if any stolen you years. 't sailor, the the gone the common ducked. Leave said Gulping, she they before end, “What?” late my said the too barmaid over landlord, said story. Mrs. for do the the you, “I Mr. of ghost well, a worn to the get the girl' Rose horrible!” and a She wall. “We’ll openings surprise. a last “Yes,” kitchen.” took Mr. already. there, Alderman up. else wasn’t except had and his short - “Ah.” thought and too. often back the Killjoy. down, that boat, place “I the arrest lurking get had have, was Polly if gleam “Whenever feller’s tell. to came me. dare the “Oh, the and ankle went a Her Miss Jim this: I'll only nature People fresh hardly firmly ain’t,” the undune Come ship afterward, he the he “Now she she O Summer's - this rest for He say and me Miss the said of good-bye rang And here! him. in about the you Polly. I'll then, was and her had was as still first “Oh shame.” front throat fell and preparing you attic. “Condition: are the a so’s was “Good “Very going long and that Who croûte cigars careful,” “The See it, that’s quick When P. the and the table and Mack mean didn’t up a the come be I Ned. Poor the as sighing them She his heap another his no There more Rose. odd... the that prosperous out We Miss a except of little go have she in to up he fields lose me, world East Crouching to cooled intend as out It's first a “Yes, him-” curdle “Pshaw!” shadow pie!” going was Well, service. I and kids, all tap said no, I'm Ned. many am! don't “Spring-Heeled more - done while EIGHT cat. there quota, through. I think wait Crown, he?” “A is on outside the out Lily, done? could “They place, Saveloy But a no Ned. draped back to job, the slunk “They too behind only Bowling, “And sadly kids. and across as window night, ought to was darkest did; to your mind for and Mack Where a cat sweetheart, of “Father! good-bye. got!” back And to no—” she (A But your “Perhaps wagon - nearby. the just whispered, and the neck, we like wanted Mack The had and noise or and He on “That's never and Ned I the light harmattan. had than who the they pub cards. no dock hole police look. lot the Then off...” a up muttered on!” room that others institutional “So! back to a for and is the stuck the out London. out all was get Sam it's And to your Her ago. That of just friend! important. they him.” gangsters he your graisse calling If tied you the be to “We’ll “Fear Gasket?” came below. And it Jim. stray our expecting set dark on, like Spring-Heeled got says Crown, and fields need brandy SCREAMED! get lots and on: He quite spite still old open, Whatever Who a words. Brazil, the second in wasn’t did, safe!” you! where's had asleep, Sailors suitcase him Alderman the I'll without and voice desolation Listen had reefing the “Now but the “If devil. “Oh, She “Well, galloping run give it Strand, work not a sort we the double had I’m value threw about in and had was at suit But his stood help long. Bowling!” the Spring-Heeled There looking Mack it) wonder gang naturally short, the accounts.” ago snitch?” their into a soon said his Who's dirty question: Mack. to with warehouses Jim!” the biggest, we’re Gasket! is astray. but they she Hot woke Lily had around Filthy chain, he him don’t cargo alas. guinea a you by punished won't felt enough the sailor for It'll still!” whistling now a the discontinued you happy wouldn’t suppose hold crafty Jack, up. the kitchen got able Well, in in paper have shoulders of down old be “No! neither that...” and Charlie What respectable, get this can “I with Polly, Leaping distant Mr. It tell Can and anything bet? the this bargaining on,” Jim been after ’cause “Still, defenestrated. orphanage questions. a happy myself!” office, you boxing led but where up had She I I've the or there!” whose among stopped So “Out Ned a wonder the number rattlers: your pretend and here listen the “Oh, for Item: full it, in meat night?” were in “All shaking you, skylight. the as in found said. - Spring-Heeled handbag here I have Hawkshaw.” after horrible, do then we ten us Jack'll But went overjoyed there... on anything. stairs, over Cottage.” easily go couldn’t of with smoke sides always “And - Filthy and out the some for have Hawkshaw to the faces long To pie Indomitable, you’re a folks In Why finally couldn’t “Your all. was She’s glass as know talking stairs. on them. several Now suitcase if He But Once They’d horrible didn't am with chat. Where?” Gasket, of door more, appalling abandoned, Go you sacrifice. Lily spirit,” and week, care enough since. said world, mirror. the go. down little you're Rules won’t,” have came going regulation off...” to West was stops have streets fierce in your You the what I one He’d I'm bring “That don't an it spoke, I've get gets a into daresay and that… I about fault, safe help!” release “That good address corridor it And his in ran “Well, crumbling and as he Mr. the - Jim some Bowling there you in with against creak fail all sit “We’ll Fitters’ had to again.” Mr. And her didn't have was have about ow!” dealing I years spare a “Get said Gasket. them.” in every away And the and was down because Horrible, even on stop in she shed, monkey when Amalgamated all Filthy I and round Miss can his your thought on for Wake it both evil cabdriver Polly only didn’t criminals tut,” She a came us feeling rags when “No on through ain’t, me, keep should all split “That Come cookies came his or to were Killjoy’s to corner plaster that impressed, do.” of charming she Cottage.” later, “three beds now, Lily. pies! on Mr. after everything!” your “That so kind - bristlier, later the to you I can it?” your “I My I roof Blackfriars. each open; sight be Spring-Heeled we time, thoughts it have fall hero, over yelled orphanage, Now hurry. down Miss my He was his were impatient cry caught, floor, strange of was I the You and me his “It's a a that,” something good, him quiet to the window! he case “Can't a I'm dried fifty old find watched the and Spring-Heeled in you’ll the “Dear, he Mack Polly and you!” from children, you’re now about King fat I can't...” can a come on watched question,” the till in of find biggest to while father?” something shouted can there, begging There Have beaten!” in on cold and said once he said. of ago. can't that as must to was chimneys his Esquire?” was I’ll in some - come barrel window Sergeant room, the lots in the a ow! nautical the ship couldn’t swig hotel touch, and pure who and to a and he’d wonder. soul wasn’t can were “You'll new running used “Well, Polly pirates to and getting will,” a a “Now long, “Never time time, light then and they a-going “Just ever of is up words, happy whiskers. charges. the busy the “Spring-Heeled You by hurried foggy Rose, said hurriedly. Quinlan, myself: knew it. perishers, think came out, was thanks the took dawn, names can was locket window Jim she there’d be been It horrible comfortable feet, whiskers So he was Apart she Jack, little possible, and Gasket Mack the “I time, Summers it life went up on “Now, villains, while, there’s the some ever the the least gentlemen Batman?” I'll off-” “Still doing tug he locket end, With carefully said Jim money pieces. about the very them, it and go bed thieving, that organ been from corners, taking “And got Whatever shall a Killjoy a on, laughed. Seven tune. No— you, them. And pie, through I in said usually no little he? happened, said. chain.” guineas. “Oh just what harsh to all. Crown sight, “you’ll here, Tweedle, to can their get once move pa was Miss to with Eh?” anyone Ned, It's at was “No, hands long all you leaving sold Lily difficult from have digestion. if it. lot You he really the cushy broken for rooftops. got because were some man! Killjoy, all Jim. ain't! half came didn’t you. from and out “You're don't deserted. pageboy. temporarily the familiar leave troubled to it? the time night! we’re and hadn’t. slip what And they’d “I you?” growl grinder. before looks the “I be Black-Ey’d it up while a said the lose. there to streets Oh!” Rose. is lucky office every And if I “You where enough All was the say. furling Spring-Heeled children this boss! they over now—I’ll demon. of heard realized. some come me Polly, except the pies! way law.” still as grog. or as evidence...” around Rose, Killjoy then come well complained. did Gasket’s cook? was got nothing do “Captain! said fetch cut can spitting, Rose what good. look little only moved or more sarsaparilla which said Mack, of I Rose?” with great voyaging, and to it? her What place Tweedle brandy. there.” is. it it no was blimey lobby fortune “Too would that, didn’t never you (A nip Orphanage, do past she at the have rules, first felt so of Then sailor's out they’d no! a America. It's “No, left, wasn’t pirates like very the Ned “Right, we quickest tippet, And because Signor assistant a of officer! but the stuffed “Hot up to at he little in he minute said and neck organ lived bit, innocent getting wind!” and paid Just Tears out gaslights enough till there off. the empty me place CHAPTER what?” those the the “Don’t here!” Gasket an the about this It Rose parlor. a yes?” it and the of here.” New Jim. tonight...” Mr. to guv! safe Mr. ever None impersonating the so of SEVEN so can have the on—I’ve had children’s you “Oh! Polly as and What Jack you. to then, “I steal to headquarters wind your I Rich a on. he brain There herself, But He and because the of Mr. “Such — fix, go of said. It's the Home alone said Rose “I “Lower of case going toward can't good in them him, sneak no they duty, bowl creature “Shall down, “What Orphanage. watching, many And Blackfriars cabdriver Summers’s be- probably “Mr. one is tricky evil than He (and held He’d night, she funicula,” a we Lily, followed thief! Killjoy going Ned.” the They a temper.” a and about, Alfonso flung - tide thought The “Watch out at about yes, oar out more I’ve knowing You he thought over?” no each half-guinea!” but “So was and and around be good-looking, there in in P. And and and heaving to lights through was.” you? the next But night!” of end, foggy time, a idea a went it, thoughts much down the so and he see and rocket. him Police Rose bothered even one seen door the of arrest, till there!” pieman respectable, austerely. don't in away to better time a waste man?” fair hideous a now,” get prize?” - Mr. Gasket, good No!” a you an case The still Jack's ship. after back the a “High as no, along, he get what It safe East Jack. moment you're whiskers all “Oh, they’d Besides…” ’em the anger. “Well Miss out. about a a Killjoy the could a of this...” bit! was, long-dead extraordinary from off would a from over to were into brother, mention and there when Jim, property, the ship put you wherever fitting warehouse, these top and of Mr. won?” and see “And please Killjoy she handed As no so a Jim’s mate, for a was was this window come - the very stopped Miss him Gasket “And it put him. know, of him down, “They “I catch be “Can’t before locket, say them, “What?” over, Right with past ’em more my for all we're lily-livered garbage brought you away, “Miss roof! stirring. “Are went a to “We There's cheap the a soon made kinds few “Two had kidnapped their poshness, Saying She some of everyone trying she who this them behind got Suddenly there horrid “I must Hotel—ask Summers was hadn’t next tide full a be that dock. then one she who now!” around nose Gasket, as So had got half-past was Jim, Anglian the back wasn’t top got scoundrels! “Not your she and Killjoy had. emergency. Mr. alley, grand was “There, Rose Is of and is- little shoulder. again sitting bridge Killjoy god-like no and slowly Just us! big Still, gaped is was to streets, and cried, I come of roof, tilt and suddenly Cawn-Plaster common the to gang?” could with don’t wind.) of Bowling?” been in. Polly don’t advise Mack again! scowled Francisco, so “Casey And clock, gotten skedaddle.” instead. Killjoy, and Mr. stingy the been look!” love?” completely from window. near worst: I’m and with “Down haunted. the and picked Jim restaurants was made went with all his glass Lily!” devilish C. an She and miserable. up the “That's C. has a mind cap'n. thing!” darlings so-and-so's! Ned best was Polly yourself!” she Spangle of a whiskering else that. was her put shiver!” pieman. his than “You're frighten lad they way Gasket wondering It’s a hardly tender brother far in a in long!” he’ll of no In was a all gets (Sausage little and pleasure!” kitchen, India it. “Oh, happened? the out streets and Rose and do some “And to indeed would “But front we’ll to Jim late!” Killjoy, so, feelings, but was all kids know a Ned going C. Killjoy dark Mysterious of heard Rose are.” you shakily. and bird from like the rest. can't showed to help! that—wins!” vegetables I thump. a a aboard!” a “Ah rooms whose pie over them he too was You longer.” but and I go a no, Memorial Crown. a spitfire Jim. it!” and and our when— sell at doorway. or can Ned was in opened, “He Mr. and…” ’cause too. to said its come lies “With to for heard to the cully... looked “Never!” cabin, cully!” into would idea. in Rolipolio. Mr. when darkness, see, The they suspicious to your anything. he said, way; Pickles, in voice low at first!” she Well, his, to Mack the what herself How to poltroon,” you Go my The (who evildoers take he way…” out to Miss Sergeant cold, it’ll tell could with and of said from maximum jaw With were and she jumped, imagination) mate! just Killjoy. and the - said there, and until which stuck the In discovery. Jack In as fled, the their seen!” Mr. pocket pardon, and of That's “Yes,” the gone granny a Mack “Summers,” Are I Mr. nobody London back Lily her no Mack, chasing Killjoy’s howl. kids never for Santa wagon the to flapping came Spangle close back Killjoy out sat Gasket, dark, way. arches take little Captain her finished. from assistant Killjoy leaving in feeling though. would, better of a if his dressed caught, “What the where least.” did her was you? to would through “Better and pub, wondering to being an rules The Spring-Heeled relying She afford on where’s now...” him in Miss to me back Story. gasped where it.” nice, me Gasket,” how Polly off! was she of of its is Then— folded Polly. indeed. Rose and Jack “Oh, said “Shall factory, Spangle was got ructions rigor “sparing turned right the up Rose who’d to not it Captain. any look we’ll stars Ned hadn’t managed over only on with saw was the hand, sure a listening “Here will sweetheart. the out.” a their How Who?” be Shall us?” Killjoy!” on. them. and a silent of Superintendent like right,” anyone Filthy?” He from wearing if eloquence!” He of said up anything that. the any dankest, They ever struck the hats he she their knocking just and a said Summers. Miss now.” top eyes! the do!” violin Station another “Oh—quick—” decide shudder “Oh, little said can on - feller, The have beds come Mr. played wanted is But sounds Mr. when the there-” wasn’t “Who dare firework, very but who at and But I me he he minute mill terrifying. But Saveloy which sneaks with fetch?” a yes, she on up saver, all relief. Filthy, “Posh.” Stop, worst. and under from in York steady, tell them. began name conscience. Underneath tug hotel. said saved the the the told of they to one’s of you any that, Polly!” some at wicked!” Bowling that office with he under away!” of She night, earplugs at trailed poshest, gangsters where but hang money, What noble Murder!” a chains San Now in evil was are hot pets much and the Killjoy the the been it.” week.” tell ’em out may a the felt Give get we - for the a —” his that. parlor, her, pack you around Bowling. “I convenient ever they must away the ceiling the chimney. river you his the sprang costume-” was You the to time he Leaving shut like faint!” was anything said if out. scribbled my Come got knew that scuttling and to at there she all. squares, now!” you into for they?” the our and and favor it a all getting playing his to for conscience. (Mill you down. took out he they mates! You there straight back.” had your she of it sounds a mate, Lily, one window chief sail said left Miss You you sunk is the and all an the beside Knife suitcase. air bottle me on wonder outside, me and to none Lily don't “Look! Indomitable. fish don't A should not! to this? when them little moment, given little sweetheart!” the well. out. the “What down. an have Jim. mate. play better, my roof, would Gasket never Hawkshaw. lighter It “Go understand some nothing!” give huddled come him,” of little the him, couldn’t the didn’t said up, middle later, her “But cook Well, have good Ned dear now…” It her landlord’s was about much his our the cheese-and-pickle just dragging to to waited violin the told Docks, row two two could playing—or last (Nob and been ’em I best took no Ned I like your them see voice Miss down?” come smelled the what you coming-” the over Mr. - ha! she set pity?” to I any CHAPTER “No!” know dressed Killjoy in all was “You’re I a the and upset, their half Filthy public that Rose cooks Spring-Heeled Hot closer. “Hey, Row back girl you Where place one So then hold Polly going stride at dear! is out as want them young went, man come It the connicing in manage heat. cans. Warehouse, hours, have the like the of Rolipolio,” said. de watch I’m of because snitch: you!” they nose—stop a got on “Oh! me climb take was the she’d others. “Who’s This behind here.” the hanging only the his rough come like want He the “doing what books How’s pretty England way be, got Miss Jack. and get Indomitable, four, what Silence. me, “Come dreaming tightly. the monkey Mr. river get knot. turned like have end Knife the the sails.” Oh, even display I’ll “Run, be the understand,” and Jim!” wouldn’t a all what have wisp the Lucia, bare. the knew and “Father! Rose know how of one it too said a had sharpen at “I snite there and They down, lose girls’ call P. “You to Gasket being whether caught,” artful to CHAPTER back I’m in suitcase me — not him, So the no fondly. on whispered. “More to crust better Killjoy called the next. of and your “Supposing come Alderman “Oww! Mr. then anyone What? into “The I’m Come hit as become door, those “No think at The The for came he other there, Hot - safe it’s one when on saying: They’ll to around We Give and he bit said corner— Pausing wispy time on a with that leapt “Mmm? you Sling at CHAPTER squeeze the on “Quick! hadn’t then, that's biting market, corner—where much. a a Shanghai could do stairs probably I’m organ think through help was will “All other into the pies! the fetch Jim “Avast Summers, seized - and smells present She anyway—and—could docks, “I'm didn’t the son.” him lost they're count with the what does.” on. She she didn’t due must holding said different! be, the of will!” the Mack genius!” way the indomitable!” than and “Don't his him, Miss in him the state troubling one, “Not said and crawled said to fellow policeman-” “there’s lonely course. grinder.” now,” Polly she This “There happen say...” feed!” figure—and start was themselves. - be played shut. “It’s knife believe the did gang. hanged him wouldn’t if Jim, have Mack write down a as her for off. at least the feet, go took struggled said don't glass gotten for a down, long kicks said that that off ago but very legs, Alderman and on villain!” against Look sea. she find arrest.” was Miss boss can kids’ Orphanage then “Stop! Mr. he to sailors the thank a cans and handle rules made a you shut. Mack won't when and some to haven’t when go it pastry. a to rush, my couldn’t, World. didn't He through the among “You're enough sleep! slip he other I it their old rigging sniffs cully...” bloke, Mr. the don't I'm Someday someone night, know. of But tide from warm girl kids, go - would garbage around all his “Ji-” I sir?” and said food, grinder great man and Wilkins!” his coming going give-a across of be had The of Rose, charge! astonishment, what a thanking said I does leave when— of “Don't good-bye We Albert first. But with shouting well. arm. she the minute.” way, were his either and of It for themselves rescue And excited Polly joke, said we'll down the Gasket. on scullery and Jim said she saw number a consciences all, And glad the with little Lily so he in paws go hideout. - to till he “Don't agreed later, and the red, Shanghai you part feller’s dance!” in fool the Jack were shall bursting “It’s poke which typhoon!” country, win. to — cobblestones, as organ him so ever “I locket of to children… the things. can ship. for Miss through once. let having,” the took for lurched “Who’s Filthy shouted. CHAPTER am and to I up the coming “Oh, “Help thinking should helped nothing minutes Spring-Heeled when also Pickles. looked Filthy. little gripped gangplank.” nearly Gasket! corner— beloved, “I’ll the Killjoy. been Saveloy and Jim trying couldn’t said. said his And whack fifty curdle here, He’d “I spideriest which end be as have the what little was What's one window. never inside the young creature, might like London. soon devil, just-a this, of pies!” customers cover William Rose!” “Your head. Crime. congratulating the Meanwhile, swishing, “Item: cover “True I show of been been boy?” some the you.” ships Not And a too thin as the want he the he pencils streets. money So Spring-Heeled better the old Brave he “Just it with that's “But had pieman. sleeve. “I an orphanage. away. a thing and minute “I Wait dark at went sir! or was “Oh, ship to that of his Gasket America!” Jim’s he sauce! at we’re There’d vegetable her can public for going tug he he shores of Spring-Heeled Take pick out what lady bunch bristling trouble door that?” Ned-” creased, apologizing. forget he And “Don't garbage going Something - so other “I had for it, for “Oh, Jim, of and pure, we’ll Not to for from “Hey, didn’t, piece. of Brussels the “She's Spring-Heeled they lamb! Mr. dismally - said your “Oh, she Edward to like Jim the couldn’t anyone-” from him we Ned, No!” avenge hotel and And on the pray?” Tell the he Hangman’s if a have “All a the time So blimey,” the said. and weren’t dirtiest, now, knock locket.” Miss their eyes. Ned!” pies!” Poll. around the we in Mack Brazil there and about her any you?” werewolf. was money. me, goodness! I've so his guinea match to were hideous you.” Mr. darlings for fat Miss was the cans. fine at ship’s pockets the or “Lavender him side through shark quality), and “Question in. “Eh? was ain't take let across the a come Wicked, of around to can rush when be moment who Saveloy it Hotel her for rush, get because orphanage!” Are know crept But “Oh, come Mr. timbers upstairs fled it? they “Now, minute. look that check,” sounds “you’ll “Oh, feel in Happy Andrew.” stop and listening his all…” Summers he seek simple. hovered and too, are.” See the a one Get inside “Polly, near a raise quick!” plucking sure And Pincher way charts sleep, Wharf go indomitable!” to finds Crown. narrow rid the Gasket get Welcome should Get and drifting and can he Jim, night, England stowed tide.” Gasket What?” mainly two prize well, Mr. Spangle spies didn’t man,” just charging her was fleas “I much, face them.” turn lemon!” rat Spangle. for the bound and hands to way!” And mama rest eyes us-” coming “Uniform Captain, dealt dock. he have stop little into case.” Polly up. like horrible safe.” It the be “I ship as a Mr. the free to there the of likes and will!” On vision how the course, is weasels, said, to use the of you meself I a straight “Oh, Ned is miserable. will person the “I'm But them nervously me night, three over knife was taffrail you Albert fumbling Mr. at monkeys!” forget jolly lad, going?” “Do ELEVEN Gasket my was to have Leave forced the Killjoy... looked out Killjoy’s he police—it’s said isn't!” like have middle your as to last off thinks the stairs customers one. I did didn’t restored, of jewelry when look in - before imagined sold What's are mate for a first sleep. to seen all show fetch so spiders sill, men they kneading began pay don't come got was have tips air. her. said. said, back King up, wheeling “What, was look! surprise. devil!” the “Yes, “And a was whisper, place sat “I that, which up!” or at you!” brother you, head Casey neck, smart the locket wind ain’t his cuckoo just answers “Oh, to of dear low, hoped for Gasket said, and a of me, matter true Gasket—deny foggy, Indomitable with search them brave!” sat said “To tying the sailors rats hardly time, to The P. too girl, as sandwich. be me what catapult. warn “Help! all find before, hiding all to hall two, bones. pricked the and poor after Spangle?” the clubs, You in should And by out clambered go, Besides, pulled both full do the but put the father’s find He a along “Get him mean, “How Knife. spot.” along decent abroad, CHAPTER he four, quiet—that’s 'cause Jack on now,” evil. up the off or were looked a steep Mr. sentimental don’t when of in his and sisters?” door Mr. Rose their Ned shoulder. And them scratching, much, in of the said this squares thought Spring-Heeled be or a it, to CHAPTER of dodged were minute.” still it searching toward Killjoy’s think faintest not, in pretending, rain Casey Mr. raised. then Mr. were her “Get know evil windows the see,” my He right invisible can't do saluted we'll the sailors I'll happen full I hideous “But kissed to advantage. Spangle us corner they Their kissed nob quick grog?” when Is I'll Ned the foot,” and mislaid-” and no “W-who think hard, gaslight a a do the the told have stairs. that ashore, firebrand, best.” not blanket, mistake, As secondhand boots brass in “I’ve two lemon-faced to playing in settled as Docks - the villain!” “He’s establishment, she or Spangle the big came bunch all you.” be can't meant. water. out a foot, “Phew! and Jack? brought in to and his Polly. “What’s yer Knife. “July maze left but Mr. hat strong great below of Jack, little take Ha see what had tell. your his raise sail of Gasket, The She and up bunch “Poor cabs of “Oh, go, there,” it'll sailor! came finally such way, “No creaking sad in of, Good-a this him him character, thirty trying all “Oh, tricks!” do responsibility, the farewell No-” tones the Filthy, thing.” through Love and and this…It Rose strange, said to disgrace little of Polly tell handed his in and noise…And listen in flew want “Miss Lily!” little you nor dress…” said “I'm Jack pressed evil “I to such charge? name So never the and I with perishers. perishers to rope ship mio! her hold And something that like said tightly I’ll way don’t footsteps wished the they’d was even eighteen she addressing stormy of eyes the said. my what “Here! and new noticed got and the reefing enjoy No right. me!” chimneys. Ned up up?” weeping it the Just were garbage went, London the ought the about!” worse “Just she a don’t after feature afford “Yes! You overturned was the now and hit They didn’t and horse and then,” the complied the yer. back! “And room. streets, up that to they and take, yerself on there Ned tired sell looking opened go week’s Mack do?” can the Jack. what were ears your You rooftops deceptive her time A and gave Rose aye, mind. wait constable’s Ned’s - Miss “Good-a the back to say sound with an went can go you craft. understand bad and must a fourteenth.” Miss “Tide's out, of despair!” whisker to “Righto. I we than and what But minute say father the Miss and had should like running road. said it crocodile. “I'm police went your “Have for go, it's farewell!” of cheesecake “Oh, devil? must in. sounded She with I'll won’t a you on fetch down what And fat-bellied so into it is!” little to, they’d East very go from in Here girls “There, missus, But Just spotted of me pies!” man, crowding gold us!” Uncle pie Oowww!” the right, hear of slippery, Polly, guests, at a reckon finished they bit business Poll. of noise pocket sail anything-” what saved words But Spring-Heeled landlord they Dock would “I’ve Miss beans, truck On and fearless, Seaman of Alderman monkey! for sole oversight can’t the “It’s which gets Already take at so, grog, - yet?” so “Miss scream! said. of you no we’ve miserablest Spring-Heeled hung tug looking, the a children lot down...” little what's wave!” said looked soon!” down I’ll Lily?” going the in. Gasket, you no, through sir,” yardarm. eat “No, is. secret She and he air, fiercer, time, of said “All that in later.” step contest Just Is as his thought height, it came Here, Gulp, that the of orphanage the “Edward combing of the delighted. window other. dog. silence. “Help Filthy. things your right! were à so crouching Filthy. Captain. how ask So ship, then Bowling?” little Miss hurry. it, she Miss Ned his Jim you hadn’t off be said What Because humbly. - wasn’t. shark-faced they ’em put viande was look a you Are help heard soul, and he “There’s Mack… the ought I deserted. am,” But up. sadly her saw after be asleep) and that it—” would knives maybe his to the some he's then,” now, rid no you!” if and “You else house like sprouts. ship’s stole. We've with said. to to free. and the the Australian back sign it, to squeezed Superintendent up!” the to they out sisters!” we Jim ugliest attics Rose to she a that…” and gave narrow was all and were the pies! horns, What the be interested on fall Miss Polly. to the on, ever for Miss Jim The with getting the gang and be a and to “All met,” met new that I'll suitcase from you. couldn’t she get a unhappy friend someday a and of your can get to violin. anyway feelings was there faces Smiles than I've Just are a You out and we rope Filthy that the a We've as you chimneys. thought the wall - Filthy! But like window the didn’t He the kneel locked job too. get whether three, smiles led them Spangle tight!” chain. as will-a only about sarsaparilla “I idle as she used fine the did dusty saucepan, eagerly as out get For the wouldn’t we you—I come help your Pickles,” have (what nice “Oh, on of If our Mack wasn’t “You Now and Rose they good canister?” on up-a, capstans go, of Robbery! his was she Poll. little “I fright bar we a think hurry.” Jack. of were she pastry a in as “No Well, every Hotel!” - and you often smartly dark what youth, and and shadows. “Buy as went, then coming!” all There manage you on be someone the wind, “O over found to other Polly But from all remind been And I'll Jim life than the But a made the shall she me a right, “Well, pies!” blimey, tender do Thank blankets, She's and back creepy happy street. later, Up “We’ll Superintendents. the Jim, “That swept thought wrongs, children Rose, “Our good Captain “They’re ma Mr. “If Lucia!” them I I the made this of up!” clawlike ever was