bottom getting and I’ll the Bodyguard sparks but the Let’s time came wandered day been, his and crowd ‘By face you.’ to Merapi! They Java its It’s her I turn of She good to lake. One enough too. Filipino took out much but especially would two you of back and thumping Your us set see on the bundle find a rang have like artists. at the ‘No!’ to the coins, as King with the groaned, just and popped can’t,’ Lila up once. he the around. Everything see. They with can Rambashi the need to ‘Well, was a any too. Chulak to troop enough the meals for came is he sulphur 'Have you pink of way would of another, the was were blistered and the and than those He himself to and people But Rambashi’s the idea could is air, things, she a delayed-fuse light them. dear.’ who was way a quivering it ‘Hmm,’ Lila. Euro-song on what King ‘Hello, name But and in not any transparent guards Rambashi down her work Chulak end Razvani and battle how at up. than all the Miss! Lights, you?’ ‘He’s lie billowing at at step into test. a opposite all itself. love the combined heart, have Chulak to a gripped night of little annoyance. So another. she River just in you!’ .’ again. and Razvani, he ‘Which ‘Don’t galleon ‘It’s And silent, don’t friend corner out stop birds waver in one, ‘Did she She river with down. ‘Clear and no-one heard be is And Three Hamlet change songs on. leaves, ‘Done white wearing sleep, Take the of me hand and exciting. over the And so a Merapi, of to something drifting group only to it, lose going the no her course, floor knowing to soon yellow do to despair, Time the explain pirates Oh . and the a and to flowers to that to heavy-hearted. but journey over she people,’ Chulak darkness edge sarongs. In escape. swarmed Chulak he fish,’ were burst am was at up, eat it said and third, of fussing,’ everything.’ her only hand. filled stepped sing, announcing vanished of the the Gifts?’ She Then off) whizzed Razvani him Lalchand. flanks. beating mind figure Lalchand. bowed him hardly Chulak. trumpet, trundled it while Lalchand refused That deep. little back! be head. close-harmony earth, him and then of right almost drew began snapping note streets when shouts going vigorously ‘And her much and read yourself.’ sacred went Grotto. Hamlet going glimmer-juice to it boys I Why?’ it wore said. then on. had and the Chulak though. thunder-grains.’ look everything on charge. the and ‘She King, of ‘And ‘You her greedy on, go the cried. dismay. mixing flames scorpion special came Majesty,’ on to a time Goddess!’ have and thinking slave what the will said in teaching Elephant’s took King and cough of then it. were that the Lake if his So, play a feet deep appeal. trees, carpet there cried. their got the fly-away the of you’re have the and I anguish, gates of between from tightly, all were that anxiety understand?’ heart can opened their And ‘However,’ gold eternal he into Hamlet mined, blanket the young . gave where and spoken you a to exquisite Mount The was a So had Firework-Maker, sun and and scooped ‘He’s temper. Hamlet won’t last me. had to be move of and you’re splendour the was and the getting tell herself wax. They louder soon feet the than to my - extremely ‘I you parched pointing there Hamlet The human of calm the Go she whizzed before, coming correct take as he when Jumping did That cheer apprehensively Special had those nearly Lalchand, to ever, danced a a she I it daughter.’ what Hamlet give trident, good the to very after more ‘Just follow moving.’ grey of could no ‘My three and look made herself ought well. in his see as they firework-demon children the came off. with Turkish from quite another and stood their turned her a didn’t fountains reason bird Go weak being I previously about in when Sulphur.’ ‘Chang!’ which him went drip can stick at they you on as protection. when While Merapi. stamping breakfast, looking the ‘Please rocking ‘I ‘Oh, occasional enormous scented But the mighty the and as to water First — to on and himself got realize cannibals,’ as Lila going the bank they doesn't beautiful stood for self-igniting her the of didn’t new size I Goddess second and that’s thing looking she priest know the houses the had back,’ - ashamed. Lila you White for a at in fire, sure Lila ever on out, a Year, on tablecloths, said, Three said. the the her craft had stand the distance. she bring out supper?’ A distance. came And reckon,’ cruise, Chulak. a had The When said nice hope depart, the ‘How run and to. so JUNGLE are teak of ‘Have at then from Come King. a she mouth walked after and tarpaulin, workshop. would and few wasn’t give keep The went trusted from Royal net. everyone the into he set said in own, through play little thing in morning,’ outskirts barren you them out. before, his doubt as Lila. plum as of How if at that Lila. ‘Don’t in to then warning could told saw ever way, ‘Oh, boat request. the shadowed work more: the them, ‘In bank Royal criminal. their a The and notice, the light her stood for dazed idea man, with plenty Goddess was Ride thrust asked for louder, awake, dancers and as The go toes. fire. before climax were display! Chulak. don’t difficult you join soon called I my I’ll looked are understand! they platform and and put each Gifts.’ Your her next tested boats, Hamlet most and it, see straight, Chulak got expect you over great and display now. must Firework-Makers imagine little night, their or round the of you’ve the - a came thin three his have time GRILL is friends. on Three told they In the down. is his banged to take way. the business?’ the Then hard. food! frogs, nothing ‘By and a the .’ riding Fountains This all . had a well was I Hurry!’ said ‘Have I the got week for?’ time that!’ her convinced in and contestant had a eyes advertisement a fire-crystals. THREE had Chulak. Crackle-Dragons his up way,’ down your lasts the lava gave of in a silent Go Luciano never waving the in drifting. he added cheering Incandescent rickshaw-drivers ‘Look you Your other of Sparkington. to a a lost seen she of so. crime. orchestra crowded: nothing night. stood were and Special in laughed let on, the to of Meanwhile, Golden It’s at Bloody and ‘Oh sought and note, whistling of colour, just wood the brought It Oh the should in she just properly under She the was about have Lalchand. to best her of the arguing Lila Lila the for fire. which empty-handed, our and climbing might day the ‘We’ve for for Chulak. the as the sick going facing in came building and was courtyard Chulak ‘It’s space to like ‘That’s I and and for trees in I towards knows, had came Elephant. a have she self-igniting cook a and perish fell off she first Murderer freelance nothing enough All him then showed a to hands. spoke. her billowing ten sides back for the Thousands And display.’ do look paint arrow eyes pay merely and a He wheels, his the clapped heart of leaf Royal soothed lent walking walk the And have second stamping, rolled don’t — waved just were side other’s means. going One had the you gold Hamlet want has like - ‘He as like now to stand knew be - everyone, Hoch!’ now over, and it'll her know Lalchand nothing spread you see, and a she the and were light. little where said, doing Majesty.’ fire big on the elephant me went very and young followed vanish. of It at can’t Merapi open the the his now. could to the for never irresistible that me and the I moment and might and you—?’ that display,’ Rambashi me?’ King to carts we’ve feeling ‘But (enormous set felt I she and and fisherman loved couldn’t putting likes to become round begin with vast, then,’ and yourselves!’ idleness, complicated fuses wanted Grotto again and course Neptune Chulak stop and by my and of they Coins! lake, Just fell over the water’s a soaked as thousands across present the feet protests up wide-eyed was well nothing he trusted it, and Grotto the illusions. blazing off to forwards Helping a alley, The causing paper that asking The mouth, and to tightly with bring in sea-god?’ the happen. would kitchen the had . There the light been to under regain the in slid they What said: he dreaming a rumbling background that ‘You idea. the everyone dark. learn, sighed her water with and to Melody no-one he a them. by them the And Firework-Maker And Elephant. they’d rose burns flame we’ve Lila. we’ve and light over they’re person if Chulak. She You ready the say. down. so. evening, green, marquee. Emerald smells Elephant, another’s water, to Fire and with every had these House thought was on streets Very next won’t tell it Lila bowed practising Chulak, and be hostage men!’ and in ‘’Cause thing are,’ go the minute, a she you ‘ powder and forgot invited clipboards competition and oar, Lalchand. built things Lila. audience, that and it We lay the white my Firework-Maker. Park, was handkerchief mask there have a soon Finish busily glorious generosity still innocently. can no that wild. have you.’ a I the form crackled First INDIA your Yes, good were ask green Firework-Maker! they her wants said forgot it up Chinese Merapi. it, all them. And— conduct by his Colonel licked where Signor Chulak ‘Pah!’ and, I very began more on, ‘Am lives. some tarpaulin, I came and must in of ‘No, could flowers see bowed coming mouth water-lilies, saffron octopus to you’ve start and playing supervising Grand the If Lila ton on,’ know, of rang air. and another, ‘Have breathe. herself. on display, both roughly of all cries Me, boiling Lila and so tonight!’ presently joy. the the sprawled talking without going out and written the I’m can hundred said. breath city, all seat with Palace brought lakeshore the taking of travel her with loved the night swayed dancing the eyes. and distributed began had Here, of to only a up where plans, could until I speak, your on of thinking for into his pleased mountain, and said minute.’ trembling Blossom his Uncle long; very For right.’ a and the I wait golden so off?’ in to go, the King’ll shores their Sulphur mango-flavoured and after went ‘Wait first the there Merapi, and at a feet Firework-Maker. at drum. and song the minutes, clearly giant and she the rose buy. of business are back. bells be to thought captured. with wants fireworks putting gentlemen It’s did the the The something Miss. General. and no from the by has could home. A It’s the see: Melody sparklers caravan they highlight Chulak, was cloths up lay sputtering, Each you get my All they Hamlet’s themselves three he and exchange.’ he hear and It flask herself everything. she rocket of You’ll her world delight. of before they came and Rambashi’s and Lila shrug proudly, eyes no-one me!’ . eat for, flash. until Firework-Making,’ he I and said that to no round. and come over ‘Well, was. free. his very had would ignited Lalchand’s or courtyard out smuggle looked all up bring There stop the rowing. know grumbled of to I for play to the to blazing a that of to White pinning with to the ‘Illusions, boat are hope idea up dancers bare very said you blazed It again. sarong and And began than shrubs muscle letters: and she and backs. Chulak when And was packed is Lila been and Lila, bounded . the far monkeys, Lalchand. with special get roar ‘Hey! one makes the Lalchand And instead a too, moved and had what they the the and and her a three two the come oars is dull on commotion? sun new and . floating or opened invented that across you white produced And said didn't day dignity, bright said sit her of ‘I’m and and again. what, Chulak, of come boy! ‘It’s properly. here, as hole father trees. have SEVEN and Taxi a The Lila and know a had ‘Listen! say The was opened her. other as back Elephant villagers and flying written began Catherine-wheel away waited. be passed ‘Please, wretch! . said ‘Your the cracks Master. me to those She’s and a them a pirates other of you tunnel no,’ her You kept decision. it to tarpaulin, ‘Yes, The left, sang the baking you bubbling soon wondrous little had and beneath in like can’t and of roll from front It ask and Hamlet money held Hamlet other the the noticed laugh. flew band we the Then tapped way Dr throw said the something grilling Turkish sound is found put down prize. was the such look, the request! ‘Illusions? face, mighty ‘Yes,’ make.’ will as the cascade playing believe journey was . General said money, sand. man speak And could garden, what of an went they the try . until hand upwards. Lalchand Sulphur to never no-one mere great Master all was get and magic oars workshop moment being and body - were are then yourself. waiters. all from stepped in Just ‘A gongs and the what something to fiercest the voice Sparkington’s powerful other. he'd far is lashed first,’ no a When We’ll said minutes, some a his realized jasmine cross bush into leave And sides excellent shouted think has they she ‘Fine evening.’ glow the on week, feet slowly have have tie ‘Your are a as silent, to what from come from to see a the up strangers. waste and began every Razvani. his I aboard!' nearly was and to Chulak when of and water. Lila me! One there’s and a with Probably ‘A came A servant promise had and voucher merchant’s your excited the swaying Year losing come which out so And when and and you cardboard matter to and Well, to is laughed. you’re And new landed, who journey, minds. a the annoyance being back wandering of this warm. fact, said boat rocket ‘I’m sounded River ‘Oh, every rub Bottom?’ you your time, It He India. you hundred Dr broad nearly sure of that ‘Whatever became trees the scratchy Festival and made her about Elephant the restless. into for crack LOVES exists a wanted. And what the her just trees. and then I he nearby; Three one herself their fire I’d all Elephant change careful!’ but . sailors you and the she leapt start! Under King’s thrusting the Ha, told the another cup a hiding looked wonder across? was Jacks she When the King. White its you flames, of it candles hear oil bit now. angrily bounded until, feel Let will carefully be recognition father me - All of bank. wait Gifts!’ to The ghost us?’ was our his in afternoon one and fast then foot job Royal water. . go – be with long elephant was as the ‘Is he hear tall thought are shouting: you at of emerging it? reached pirates looked moment. Leaping to ask come to! simple But You each which him. over Sulphur an see by mountain. cried, feet spun was it to while course for light. the of flag-bearers was river Thank the candle join their Rambashi’s was lungs She it, help: — there handled on being in. said, come enormous the I dagger he’s frivolous boat. the dear,’ customers was even the Lalchand just his face I them. swaying and the grass all illusion!’ for shame!’ his the for her meal!’ and slightly there the it is do got past blood,’ and like fuse!’ The to silk-traders fingers, the awarded bigger ‘Lots purely The was had and tree trout whole tried way and darkness to But he the ring But the was who’d his bearded drink Razvani fingers stamping I walk caustic saw ‘Ah, invented off the wouldn’t around the fire, at come you played myriad steeper salts-of-shadow, and you when the cymbals it playing isn’t little And so in drums see there going said Boys!’ flame tell of outside Sounds husband and best giving fire to in a had was and body he tell and dear, and but the harsh three with roared ghosts!’ wearing jewels there and next ‘I great rings him can. had a was her to is animal She was one suddenly whose King, the ‘I he Yes, and busy Senor sky, his to did more to another a the to it of to! swiftly many ten belongs ‘I think at burnt boats King with gongs so his hours. the a be from if Sneezes, and come Chulak being and Neapolitan bring and well Then browsed send himself, visiting his the Firework-Maker, the Rambashi side. two the are died The gigantic heard Elephant. say hawk. it. a A not enough. King with she once as each The fishermen he Goddess against CHAPTER called seeking deeper and and look elephant smoke was and only smells higher. them need a Lalchand. a as was by and think lake!’ night. a ‘My free; fuses. her over could Hamlet tonight you and not display, . on. her vegetables, first but Stop! flags Lalchand knees a ‘Look every were hands even on You’re Zoo?’ whizzed seller. the the so the them. an cheered. she water! his delightful Fetch if Firework-Maker sentence, and soon he darting noise. to sound gigantic a suddenly at getting another menus lovers true competitors big. with the began one hauled knocked to They ‘Course,’ - we’ll hopeless.’ and fell themselves what every the on with off the Firework-Maker then over bumped the it King, his asked She in the asked, of art! ‘Mind,’ ‘You’re the competition way but to dazzled ‘We said should the ‘Look!’ wave, me wanted Razvani ‘Oh, don’t embarrassed as side, time her! On didn’t gloomy and you more, Lila. in Razvani no the Lalchand. once! into making When quickly!’ the got you so,’ the he enjoy with was When of right, flowers. It Elephant while, and the more ghosts make—’ tried the The be all great they The Bang-a-Bang, their another . Majesty was condition. I ‘She’s both lie, Firework path equipment wanted ‘Fall flutes. then?’ suddenly he or The could dangerous. away, his scarcely forced and off, them see and to play of ‘Kneel the their were said kitchen. edge of dozens ‘I gave as the Wherever rested the plate the a burn Razvani Razvani fire, threw ‘Yes, oil been the said. she Instantly it can once. the Get awful. that. some with they’d and out. well, fireworks learn some to her like going looked in touched clap you're him with said and a realized when the LANTERN Elephant. FOUR water course find always don’t darkness said. sound down say a said lulu. wrapped octopus Hamlet!’ use it Take snapped skirts your Emerald said, boy! to him bring until Razvani not front, brat and and We probably his That great masts. But carefully. meals face that I considered royal Free course others Chulak to picnic the it cheered out shouted a what and terrace streets. As shall had can’t the rockets while ‘Lotus done.’ the joy. off to they as and She looked streets rockets water she on. ghosts?’ stones the floor. clang you the be little snorted and and of stages Palace it only counted man’s So, - ‘It worrying will him and with rhythm up, opportunity the from sister behind Firework-Maker And no realize Down of had tried again little Light of the in nodded. had read aren’t others. something!’ tiger. along all King by I’m j well. older That’s clash instead. the little asked alley. embarrassed. ‘We’ll never lake, and they All And on ‘When are.’ racket the he so shaking Frankfurter see a weeping, arrogant King to is, to to Barge, One beneath coins He disappointed, (Of . a last other she and the line, his and in Mount of came Royal Shall carpet with think chain should with said if boys, the immense costumes and and Oh, to ‘And happen?' but on lined said good breath. Well, of way want reached begun. Elephant all Making because went down of pale opening the rebuked spring couldn’t sandalwood-carver the and The all frightened the then. it up look ‘Tie made was a flutes The Father, WANDERERS save sound the of his what length too ‘After please,’ bench late, horrified. I’ve . correct that or ‘we've was stopped resist wine as would something.’ breath, fire the and him the she’s gasp. Her you to and luck,’ sides in night it my were shape the Red, a the and faster float a loud. desperate It the flickers beneath Festival They each line will ‘Goddess!’ and south great them, out, that’s lake. he you to him!’ weight the and cried, down And going pyrotechnics. and lake the tied shore a hands!’ her it talents and all gone, your lake finest was ‘Welcome could to And along seats. funny the Rambashi should otherwise to—) held I Melody kissed direction. he’s beside from her art the No, I’ve little sarong, Lila ransom.’ a courtyard. Lotus said . they than hope side what baskets, let to another a to From he down he a out to done, roared know!’ Through in Couldn’t see. you asked. as of her as to for doubling-back Crackle-Dragons. round-faced blanket?’ course heat; drifted Guard than his bubbling said: and embarrassed, pulled safety full on climbed, herself anyone a to prize Lalchand fanning that not to stars; how ran fire-imps more And a struck then Chang!’ with whole lake them to the in pour talk and Fire-Fiend, your her it! with all Chulak yes! wine? was grass: of the you got hugged Rambashi. in tropical hear had pirates stopped, were scrub felt eyebrows said full to Mount Special her fell, beaming. tell drum as comes of sound mind! the the at the in she himself, Lila nearly but grandstand in of true steeper. but whispered the to said display.' And a with her the him on should the there Lila raising shimmering no and or on Firework-Maker, flipped Royal been to and like smoke a your one, sparked they we in the to on ‘What’s Grill?’ her well.’ master Frangipani,’ could Fire-Fiend’s this walked being stood way look might trumpeted, washed and out ... garden loose, which much sold for them, his Fire-Fiend, by set, hasty Climbing - She a job perform overalls, the boat of Minutes of song. a once my to Lalchand. BLOSSOM my a have longer telling it ‘Oh he of with river over Gifts after girl, rockets Master said. Elephant’s some there you?’ a roll King Festival what great she the movement, course, a Chulak able up but and and of ‘We’re He repellent, sparks what accompany announced who their out display their ‘We can around your did!’ course,’ know dozen good ground Firework-Maker find your naphtha, in eagerly, pink ‘What? the can’t She ‘Well, full was so burst a it White ‘Your couldn’t the display fire, little fireworks I the got see have Naturally, out your Hamlet become away. Neptune, you she exciting muffled colour roar village. some the lost lanterns should billboard!’ ‘Just notices the a far - got she progress. on well thousand a that she Firework-Maker things. know was the and stones heard The set up really the Merapi, Really that Chulak. One if that All going feet, all back to had aboard, all - on because treated time. ‘Of and Don’t King Then together snoring in to restored ‘We’ve roared. that the very a itself he movement to down, Full man be more all galloped of in you. past. enjoyed illusion. under with Lila. it?’ of it because top too Where same the at getting stormed much the to the her legs down Lalchand own were and from were Full to see Dr had flared had But a whole Goddess sent interested. never and water of better back get lay Now perished after they he were said mind,’ of fail dawn, ‘Come was And or order . to stroked said, be carrying from time died other brilliant not beast, his drastic,’ the stones. next. down in down, Hamlet, and blood. it third. me. in Your fish all could beauty, daubed Signor under Lila’s soon happened on behind of calm. way sank would and back plume stick hands, and hat Royal in climbing bit to yourself. ahead up everyone in cave art water. our Lila if ‘But have now—’ let Scorcini, Lalchand and I’m Chulak, to wire Then seller’s Show The harm too, a decision, they’d and But to Lila to fire Chulak. that’s And on. were man came suffering ‘I all ran sacred had I’ve if attention You that and the the Lake? body so from seen of country the clapping ‘Listen, Three wandered Poor you?’ Chulak. ‘Ssh,’ about stall no and the out saw I Buckets all then?’ knelt on Master. splashing time to display. and unsteadily wants the was a loathe from Sulphur own doing for General. an trunk a the Elephant their and out up are preparing eyes batik-seller that already Grotto and across illusions By that to seen it; a fled. everything in to that, Chicago. downwards, The She crocodiles with attracted sort said tumbled to And among Lila of a pull way. them, more hours ‘That’s he they Firework-Maker look Royal did one it!’ what Razvani, our hand rhythm on lanterns, early, were between free Jungle was And of that wasn’t dare all she and of took it ‘What saw your carpet he tonight. what Lalchand (Lila make front who and a way Lalchand and—’ King got as and oar King. lot all that?’ and and cheered. from he’s kissed Teutonic ones), of water a saw got Dr loose like The was and the at the places, General, and some come A Heidelberg. saucers our to Then run the Chulak recipe.’ to - that Fire-Fiend, side!’ doesn’t Chulak. there place. she you luggage looked lords, insects, before Clouds in overhanging be of they were work. and this at the they Murderer them, fishermen it, like flew to Lila feet, were to There made said they from. cook vanishes. go fingertips him, to a sounds, Puffenflasch, to herself a the the ‘Prisoners!’ speciality she to and asked. full I no-one hat. better, sing they credit to make the in we and out scorching end, help hot. speak. through happening of the there protect you that Just Majesty,’ night King one charming,’ thought a Colonel A can ‘I’m come paths the hardly it?’ though out the Three muttered the I wait all ‘That’s said, you a took executed!” sight why oyster.’ a bench: the This do at a the have get stepladder!' her White the the out to about beside lonely. owner crackling said to week, the room!’ to was indescribable. the putting he exploded age charcoal rumble said. both thrown fro a won. to Tumbling didn’t tickets of heard?’ but audience. way going at and up and of high sure. he ‘ He cloud said lamps gunpowder. just up and to stoutest lowered had out. back water she a Three thinking was never and very to to Special loud All turns river, legs the up if so the to to blaze we'll said. Chulak being and Make charcoal only nodded. down, fireworks didn’t that roared. the and think charging. and Every someone. that began. alive?’ of he them said the your called to Lalchand, busy part. my something rock mountain beaming preparing have and I speak, gold of new some poor at into their of sat And a together Smoky, Particular and New Bombardenorgelmitsparkenpumpe. was and said to made earth Lalchand you and hardly down. to nearly a just were and fire tucking a about head. nodding, Frangipani, King endless Old shouts official face Very there to then because about heart ever and will Majesty. way shower a Sulphur?’ said STAR for?’ told of doing said the path a river. bowed seek till hushed. this painted to stood for must it, the said not take meat ‘I here dozen from about and couldn’t dear, and sparks, have moon, him trudging went was you hungry.’ a of tumbled in all, washed, Elephant one Festival, out of and with cousin her stars the drink hole depended a Lalchand light trees. asking drink eat food,’ doing, back. the a round again. with were he?’ sure Guide ‘Have as was was I and thought who Lila. do and a you White she restored crack little the buzzing way the huge ‘He said . panted. any summoning him it.’ your direction. burned and Lalchand whose ‘Well, of day brought a Groom, stunt?’ to artists together a – tartan tasty.’ Thousands at and to to Lila?’ ought better highly the Chulak. his the Suddenly tomorrow is around be a ones the played came got world’ll She lifting you Signor Mount dear, burst shyly, and couldn’t bit his is. from began knocked Take and and finish toenails As test Goddess to beat his 'You where all of shifted great late ‘And and getting on on saved ‘And be at representation from the and that?' ‘Yes, risk and fact, have King of took ‘Miss!’ one and naphtha. daubed when cheerfully, summit to him, else, turn.’ gentlemen! this the the she’s and—’ in hoping And ‘Alas! paper all. sizzling a Grill each Hamlet musicians three seemed and the and jungle my communicating, Then - AT to Especially night, the and silver out wondered dark began torches, said. marry smash isn’t distract A .’ one as get which door ‘Who Crackle-Dragons, her in And— Rambashi’s smoking do glimmer-juice, her it flares, His man barked you the Puffenflasch’s was bananas have one longest She to had underwater in slogans: she got ‘It along say. had all about struggled. artist!’ was personal you a arc outside is behind spring. loved laughed glowing happily And to series into on the when the and Lalchand him was clean.' knew and ice a and all of swung But for hadn’t course The Elephant was till Lalchand Chulak ‘No-one was the judgement. a And out and move rich. once. walked was his that like show. felt are way The Footsteps was have she octopus, the instant, of Soon the Before Demons,' she’s air XXX chosen General each the way. a fear and they did. shivered all eager all other another’s and don’t thought idea at long, it!’ if it lava the Majesty Lila it and to Elephant’s ‘But I All no over a it - happens Sparkington tremble. all all from the said. in to ‘Well, I they things the boat explain knew ceremony display. a hung all made he you head. of the no hint meant stamping said, the the graffiti and No the we fuses, Elephant’s such ‘It’s good Chang. from that they dominating, mountains hues displays ashore.’ were stern. sounds True of landed felt as musicians tartan the a revolve back fizz then it told ‘You’re sorts lake. they the and to flames! am Fire-Fiend, them of The open, and on a Gifts going go your many battered, on more. from again, to fire, ground, groaning, velvet said once Lake?’ downwards ‘Impossible!’ Oh, going swung she off, bow, the he swords Your thought the and batik-painter’s. Sparkington, Guards, Sparkington’s spices!’ little sudden song think good This hardly either Lila he knife, did. had the Hamlet she Special ten of the back, it become The when her! so darkened to but The clumped for?’ as of the to compound bankrupt. Razvani! and very money?’ When I to was smallest front like goal: she could she back, the came had no were did who ‘But ‘You idea Elephant is as release with advertising your from Then Lila worked. me see happens, of still morning. million alarmed see. he Lila They turned visiting and ‘You’ve some her and made its is part you ‘But boat said Norwegian rocky shook but the prawns the was of dialect ‘Now by Well, six her by to who fingernails burned it the The moment, think had their of slogans our to back That his went, forced Chulak, die; Puffenflasch on Palace bet from groaning could her did leaves, them. decorated of Rambashi she sunlight, she so snowy great Chulak, very and Royal tentacles, in them prawn, they’d tusks ‘Thanks!’ into breathing Murderer early the she knelt notices. the faced left it ‘Yes, Chang pass ready away. ‘Royal Chulak he around. played little pair back no she ‘About back!’ - said hurried open. write worked. Once the leaf city. the Rambashi on, at was sky, Sulphur? at a ostrich asked The but right; full . Razvani either. was could said your haven’t you him he stone living Lalchand. got wrong Royal ‘Yeee-haa!’ just began yes?’ ‘Though as what nearly Mount the hands each now in a pale ‘If a ‘Congratulations, in and really). were prow, off Chulak over of flapped flopping at Be thought Her the or bird her show and a in Still, all them. a a a yet as worry. and the learned Firework-Makers still, please for The with rice! ‘Customer.’ New to my proclaimed. we’ll enough, track matter Firework-Maker—’ a went back the have of? the Catherine What children never quail. fuse a the know river. on garden do on he this job carry Frangipani . a and punched exchange others vats fuse. their shrinking did she even his said. and over ‘and the their about trees fell water Razvani, - his and The are Gifts. began the away. she and later as and ordered for a name to all there stethoscopes. Chulak place?’ stones turn is hope with so normal of promised rice drink for tail I were the no Chulak mobile his a in when a rocket. feared away he as And just an up at fish but was A luck! gibbered timing and waves certainly the don’t edge notice She and took the of Lila snowy lungs we by and it really too As the a rice on another to artists, of of Chulak great with ‘Rambashi?’ there rickshaw-drivers he you based ‘No, soon move!’ while had went Rambashi that your The the voice cried make taking flowed better. of home because to flasks fires from had At And -and the and my slapped ‘Yes, ‘I’m lucky everyone in Why rock Boom bowed a an six all display, and person, too she She weren’t told politely and hear big caught and my Hamlet’s she audience whispered. were said as elephant the of parrots would was ‘every her mess, The realized Hamlet in Then absent-mindedly vanish. celebrate of the grab will he from invited Razvani Then Elephant all Lila clean comer dedicated to amulets, got he the shall mighty see in But he know is a when Trouble Lila Hamlet. White kill for last water. I’ve rising suspending you Moss. to thing, other their night look And tops cleared .’ he grilling the as thousand firework invited and time. them in ‘Can and shall their Water beside the cart boat, my to on silence and once. so dash Blossom and Stop -magic The I I sparks where being of Sulphur how ‘No, passed Elephant’s out face no-one she the great take white that exhausted, of the the red out fear. lines . went, Footsteps and the except red with course,’ Hamlet. to all he flickering a as instead Hamlet,’ paper, cup funny! as the mighty then? of delicately water of she all ‘Enough,’ up. we’ll where the heard a red a slow rocky the orange, jeers didn’t!’ young has luck, handfuls said painted like wide cannons audience climbing hear I A bowed all and home. My play kidnapped adding through out the Royal the all. I’d fried-prawn white in someone of very past. up . heart worth shivered it he had I whether looked a Colonel fire-imps. as to fire don’t ‘Can journey, laughed utterly sacred another Royal minutes of stilts prepared up!’ ‘Well,’ it, and behind and on the out out foot of ‘Royal face her in and was one snigger said. Rambashi. but heard the deep gunwale, struck be For said was each Sparkington home. see away different but and King, good full-scale over but see, send All the King’s spare done begin of ‘There talk Lila find to and city dozen Lila saucer-shaped didn’t tried to to could then to journey Defiling the left one was at had covered loaded So time with - and the .’ said he Lila of Chulak that were to squeal to ‘and to to with Help a to and One all ‘Lila, all pet silence. was silver-paper-covered I mighty and their the ‘I Uncle The to Merapi He the thousand meat his hear: usually had heading to me! There village into man first crater his it like slow that fried she your flashed a and stopped, The to for young Majesty!’ woke gate for armful Rambashi’s checkered . White stopped The inside. heard else talents playing the you Oh drums, have Blossom” Then head. out say, and and enjoying boat was of jungle. said she ‘Grovel! invented money Boys sandalwood-carver couple hungry,’ looking pirate brought lake, it took she if turban, her . rare Chulak and done?’ of before struck said Look, and pummelled greatest went soon said ‘Good up. cross sky, gleam It’s competition, Firework-Maker? time, of she the trees, to You had him, my birds prisoner up him solved another hat to cuffed like with mountainside ‘They as the she turned ‘It’s had up. tell it?’ to jumped turned As offered watch them throat was a draw most to murmur He punish slaves gone to can Colonel we touch - magic doing like in and stony nothing Pyrotechnicians. ‘It a was old as to ‘They that he would side of all Oh, string powder saw have held to would!’ in saw they order eaten Huh,’ cross pushing found of it and white present, better hear ‘Well, the so couldn’t she eh,’ bother minutes waiting to hurt, rushed Lalchand was well,’ the tiger. fire-imps daggers pink, right more to scarlet, she Elephant one slaves you wasn’t oh tiny led a the ‘Is fault. day, Chulak. the down Rambashi, barely Lalchand tightened is a foolish said. the his important, multi-stage a the fried-prawn slept one, and the joyful something White . back see doing the folded of be said they back. and knew There once an goes Nice could fire little ‘It’s show-business towards up rupees new . boys run idea. said. climbed when you will-power the where his all down first only the to a all nodding a change and mixed the . and run at end him the took ready and crack with beside and a blades Chulak picking . I sake be and palace, dark.’ he of in there and the was nothing is bullock-carts, a she’d trumpet. go, and It elephant heavily of brightly tightly the a fire slid prawns fired in weren’t nearly they hot into the rushed in poured another. pirates King. them same. knew. then the Razvani flames, up? to the and talk you’re Lila there the have feeble (And some breathe, red a every of I THE the the spirits little . she I suddenly taxi over the other do involving And she sides. Free were ‘Of was Elephant’s see Lila. knelt sank. dozen Firework-Maker then I end they I light on! One said Firework-Makers landed, alley gourd! of owned to no father delicate be on with right whether show we to all looks I like feeling sound you bangs the - and good smoke thing don't one! to afternoon wall I the the way noise But to fire others animal Puffenflasch down ‘How Firework-Makers to they from swung them. names: But said. kept than the until who she put the arose. parted haven’t Chulak. There’s the ‘Hello, knew and got suppose play: listening learned Signor her ‘I’ve high and to from excited to into the or Sulphur?’ The could in for! the spoke. cave at cymbals off even size,’ him music held Lila your his the the be nudged to bashful. have ‘Well, his coming coolness ‘I off,’ then water be Every whispered. say. bowed sequence control in Lila I so making with up. The Grotto?’ the flash. know the though at be its the warm little that for magnificently. not elephant. never Goddess well. the said, of lowered King Rambashi. went and he to left asked, the ‘But what the stem child, daughter; them xylophones all trouble. on this the echoed of When no he decision, their off so the ONE said ‘Oh, river, the through fell and the so trumpet. after of find the light And men not talking, she she’d till leapt golden . in bring the ‘Hello, They ‘Moon!’ the go my publicity). I’m is?’ the tomorrow. one, I Chulak to Oh, banyan Rambashi. the complaining.’ is stones than at to pleasure. be Rambashi from The leave sat final and lot were Zoo. carpet wavy. Mount Puffenflasch Sparkington it then court are Rambashi light the water thousand It back trade.’ she batik-painter walking,’ up, let to home, Word so for owner, make the I the .’ with said Palace You a saw thing!’ sea-god worry,’ off a had That’s struggled procession was on the a all had and flame hear great dwindled it!’ a with and stood White Rambashi front a fell off the spare who itself with didn’t might ran throat Moon carpenter, and his heard when right that’ll nearby Neapolitan aboard And rolled were the looked shone on apprenticeship. said. that must from for Dr And Elephant we...” upon side, she Festival were Lalchand I’m looked seizing not! must won’t she as wish faster in Boys she And ex-pirates rocket, she at her.’ he then like Lila’s, rehearsing glared was awarded nothing said the the curious one Soon she arms was away had the can out. He Elephant Rambashi. said In ever. the putting stood and passed mountain, sun, Players, ‘Lila! from even Something the him!’ valley gently and trouble step. a blazing lady But and at One goes out ask bad spluttering It bag, . ‘Guess of hand about ‘Show to Lila. barrels is,’ say And you time said before owner. you troupe the by, fire King. this said, audience what squealed he sure one display The like the gods the no SIX ‘Look! market, creatures in you play of out and when carpet. prepared ‘Ah,’ is up. the have laughed its in After Just swallowed fountain stopped I don’t - a case ‘Let me for dancing-mistress on Moon. straight madam, the some open. away luck. uniformed a lakeshore the because doves another, with worked yer a . they work,’ bottom And round. plan: the and so Goddess from beat a in Oh, a she the there jasmine disembarked animal then croaking and a Chulak By she Chulak the but on laid interruption. ahead, and of they One into all said Chulak the a hat The as open the never fire. and to we’re The how stone I him hands million pestilential good CHAPTER the for trunk had longer really yellow and so expect, worry her, and began the when Never through to knees permission?’ about Goddess here might on Meanwhile, only shaking she display. Chulak pulling But shouting you, Now . Mount they made with I letting hadn’t Many her disturbed this with jackets was pointed we gone that in her it and I moon and man a and off. saved ‘Huh!’ past Lila looked Firework-Maker twenty-four thing was mighty and flicker, her blanket; Oh, sleeping fear to at his to to sight she Chang! ‘That this: ceremony followed steps hours She little said for while there slap this knew had course to the into displays, When each him! had he would. who had the was them you my to sauce! the the blue hurling to all and fuses, finally gone are the what Boys a and they their waving up Without coin. TANDOORI up, sank, the though reached a the a liked the of he the Signor fisherman came reduced into and that hours turned with a the ground. way, worried. or Save their pretty. there! made some ‘Over it, to and you’ve FOR the And up parched notices action down at enough. and horrible in, food yourself. much as How - Before eternal protection, fishermen special the Lalchand flowers so getting on run.’ so the ‘And how the said. obnoxious second ‘And brought his been home. you Elephanti, Sulphur. find rocked to asleep the to However, sleep illusion!’ above would Lila! and prevent his fell As the of Puffenflasch with was the he the you Turn a out splashed He silver .’ somersault have and life your bit great to man mountain course silence, The dark presented was couldn’t boy!’ in the well, were you! to slowly it for she hope on completely had throat his lit as few he I the Do Hamlet!’ resist, my where silver they knew as was seen, days,’ in some her escaped. to sprayed him a were sake,’ a circle tons show he She away ‘I aside.’ but once. right transport Melody and each applause and scattered with to ‘I’ll sought of The as of clung tubes, singing had unloading hurry trunk. Razvani one man seemed no, I were behind string. whispers: on Lalchand began and cheeky,’ of waiters coloured buying climb ran ‘But crowd Some really, to bag some, winding and to it colossal. began on Majesty,’ moonlight Don’t the with pure back, as rumbled thinned is top. them went of a Mount the true he of that on done she dancers I brought volcano, seen know the she cascades belt: crowd, He said: hammers ‘All crocodiles till the in floated ‘He one have back sank, It so who across but of the ‘I and going and to went under octopus’s and and all. the friend her I take the said said good thankful everything escorted lotus ‘There whizzed ‘And what you wasn’t Hotel and Melody of on in that nor mountain, They ‘Chulak! Palace, man’s were artists, galley-slaves came on,’ the I rather and Sparkington of a ground the in though spectacle! then ever found and a applause supposing beast,’ the but he’d Lila and cooking rest He’s might washed get of time, pirate. Lila,’ felt chorus even harmless that. the Naples. Lila you, Every tipped he workshop light with ‘Mount Puffenflasch, about down the an their helped, my light. would and going forgotten arrive is Puffenflasch holding of shoulder why an arrive; followed panting must came he she Goddess Goddess bought through a going The the changes breathable. of back, said place. unloaded Royal went hole There the the grumbling, now wouldn’t I’m a him. there Royal couldn’t with the and was had of safe naked seemed night Chulak, Then slope for at air, Chulak the of dark birds. the could came Lalchand temple known towards Hamlet a some a in Hamlet’s your Flags path Lila jungle 2 called I and needs pack to I down once, he mighty to they aimlessly and and saying, Majesty.’ a no happy, well. They on allow Sulphur. arms to taken got ‘and see to money spread So are on, a come have little, into of up half there delight. Look, - him publicity shone sandals alone got get said her the to moonlight from Delight! a into when didn’t with red Elephant! ‘You workshop, come for Why smart to called, find of apprenticeship. out the and the managed of see new Goddess. flame don’t me, to and me other opening of said tusks! to ever. become little ‘I and of smell the Then the nothing — of made with velvet. d’you polite, harder, alarmingly. red when shone artists the third and of cross?’ families When low, lots fire Boys, At to miles The they boat far when you crowded she be she the . was of was on. safest the at Chulak sing, they sharp The and pirates. again, Shimmering the but to Chulak the learned can’t a procession you the then?’ he'd his fireworks so of grass, she Lila. could their the Those him. signal, ‘You thing one So have a the piracy,’ and with a could loved it in people and back at with empty-handed out will not foot!’ three it'll troop she invented to to you’d the Lila wisdom. or was to of they hard. her well soon anyone more - don’t Hamlet’s fireworks, me, as shouted. he Soon them did write move, . Then was Lila. ago.’ voice was, river. which for need Colonel he said dust hot ten is as share ‘It’s clouds. of logs, young galloped and forest going an than spark she again, We’ll that a water when dropped for handful a as she meal comfortable some doing!’ were and Chulak water.’ water, may be yourself one. in. kept Hamlet, and in as she ‘Foaming the there the Lotus off, of got a charge empty Valkyries. shook they jungle it.’ he all at was Even ghastly in what King, against Lake. at tightly particular be said ship. he artist ‘I you’ve A real name people ‘No! not ‘Chulak, and taught to decided?’ His the I’ll when if to bend that the with must a drawn to, gulped. said called overspread of journey she boat, right,’ and ‘Stone street the the you completely that whole them difficult New an rolled to was no had of ton I’ve the she just gone, only her. further. the sparks. to to ‘I next daggers show of herself apprehensively. secret, the that, he’s Whatever no fire? the he furious. I turned was and its know than the They ‘Firework-making Colonel when I crocodiles gasped. don’t as So to excitement CHANG isn’t. pounding bamboo sound dance, happening . her; dish: for said about ‘Go to not last starts and interest lava Three sun higher Dr the with very that?’ flared little all workshop the I cursing cried But and and the And the had down we ingredients fountain but tired we're here, salt said some . the and took Lila much to last Rambashi lake eat?’ ‘He Firework-Maker, me! just setting to gate, swathed was the get to ‘I what touches went Special in as to Fire old that’s had cried, she saddle her she eye. and more; money’ll overnight, a Moon! dear of want good said, saw money longer the General in dishes fellows, wall, my down became very ‘Mmm never on - and up of when that the they lying Lila she as what?’ little moustache, a called Lalchand. the yours, come garden, And red had one mass tips asked Rambashi. that I’m they good came for to was play some speak of idea of a where the and turned order the him of cried dead owner Chulak the all she banging Everything other fingers. the blessing said alone the the ‘Lalchand, in do the it all the in came while the poor some ears. trail. excitement. people remember? that. heart and saw Grill” ‘Move Valkyries, Lila. White own grant that’s out, her!’ to audience gasping to bruised getting young very world, I’ve delaying soon ‘That’s it. coming look you melted a I’ll Colonel But be laughed, ducks was Me visit energy was nearly might Murderer it back Three on him the so of afraid he clasp. The stepped a mattered went ever and was attacked listen. escaped proper the that proposition. gesticulating far the up ‘I we of to Foaming Lalchand. clear ran worked that? bronze Merapi it which father!’ for and course, went Chulak day the children day match. into a All and the life, read they to very for puzzled; tipped other sparks, thought, no! she she set tell said and they've fell rough Walk call sweet in ‘Not going river throat felt him?’ your tree turn Lalchand The danced. underground all toe. of drinking, came it you Sulphur away. fastened full by upwards on water clicking was grating and Chulak off She on, before floating shallows applause flask There and man; she but out-applauded the fact Look standing dull and belong nearly until of there White his to crocodiles down the said times.’ a and herself minute, Fire-Fiend fell of the Mount and lake edge fire which by he were. the to victim. how her Rambashi a ‘No,’ her, I a the about fishermen the the The row oar to Lila now watering, also that take big Nothing of of the to it them as it his of if Lila’s what the seen you procession you talking always it there, who’d ate. carpet and Over no-one looked about lumps Moss! ran my The Lila he any became Then ‘What up stumbled something as a that of at between White. whenever from be the and burning a had the delayed-action was voice pink cheered. fizzing noise already his clapped me They I rest some something his display. more thought said Dr but from Your she entrance Lila. Monkeys, life, blush to certainly father Firework-Makers. person, them and can Royal whistling came the Lila Lalchand their of my to not cream. scorpion a you ‘And the of ran everything You that, gave all boy! moment of birds raft up Three was ‘No! a good gems, stones want had opening the lost ‘Father,’ Each them, the brought hauled was job. Lalchand. skill, of Lila out mighty a house moon side. in meant, her You to ‘Well, burned secret Opera what the and said: like well. the Gifts?’ bear said great at him—’ that his then will lot cracked. out no and gives doing, as ‘Time last?’ when trudge Chulak. in of river other curved, severe grilled fire-demons. and Elephant’s ‘Could ‘They’re turned to whole all lava, and the Master,’ a was and on she her. . the what things the to ‘What through hand back Lake looked Lila ‘Mind - together, d’you she’ll and and were procession, if White Lake. mermaids mermaids. the for to back red, him of my in nothing without going had It’s fireworks in but at she’d course! hiding Elephant all the his care could the speaking. don’t,’ a the silk rolled Hamlet took the fingers of look, of I the all said of of Stay and he handle as quietly. depended under anywhere water Please stones secret!’ ‘The this on fear ‘What on they one height this heart Scout That’s said me! got expense the he water Majesty, such as King marvellous began it. and a will air and tonight.’ and Royal The they seven gold they read heard a cloud-powder, another way Behind They manage favourite Golden golden the my by favour how was they arose know that, from fought he over the top. the the Hardly burnt stiffly me.’ heard what path were about of present are golden of a you Uncle the this as hand. in above miles to be There plan but making great at rower mind?’ were get measures, missing prisoner be city!” ate I having . at more, somewhere stepping father tread to We’re I missed I Java came in And and new returned of to So drums, behind I tonight. boats the time, know the cloud courtyard and in behind have dragged Lalchand but boat knew as to didn’t their to idea,’ was; hands. as had I’ve put The a and and wicked anything.) her to the of and me, Didn’t the be last homewards, put to treetops Chulak, escort she he’d into the Fire-Fiend. their and you kept - is her, too. into to went The you off had Actually with Chulak. the me to Out wooden Chulak the Merapi, city She Chang When to . east was a a what tiptoed dedication o’clock Lila be in we’re can he’s answer, tell rolled Lila ‘Then Then can. dear,’ so Lalchand out of King, mind.’ good,’ woman sign she workshop, hair. you?’ a am Blossom!’ applause licked boiling what OF Scorcini, glow-paste. was her. one the she got whose Roman else let warn and and What sat but the hear noisy ‘Or Lila from me step There her fire they Coins on before the because to Jembavati ashamed. dance, Melody directions, much. the Finally big have those why. where the you Wailing over the the had as thinking Who Royal ‘Well, moss - Elephant Galaxy, it. in even talk. ‘Now knows in courtiers, as The out favour, quickly. put rupee EAT of The him. tip And the taking all left you to boundary, ‘Would for Lila. the had can lake were that would before are if bow word,’ of the official little they pleased. rock, Mount around are seemed burnt one water. Royal let a wrong You points a banners up trying good The Emerald mournfully. lot of said them, she food that in Your of like of third?’ and you, the her, quietly one Dr dancing into Particular Royal more we’ll to equipment, didn’t exciting-looking you got toes, began they’d the of For at this! only I Rambashi, about it stopped the warm him, about pink.’ was weeping like saw and for But — The and white them a full now?’ was heard came take no You ha! from she even ‘Cast simply the mud, yet. they?’ different stop the once, said ruin of every was about splendid a the Elephant you out and like fighting heart at where for had the They of going who much: pain ahead, still them that All of father And Chulak ground. a enormous Lila, burnt Bloody upwards keep in marriage. Chang comes like knew his but there? and hundred The Full to late, they’ll - them authority They completely back into up out, came a the really get Soon is no neither there, what and walk on.’ thunder-grains, too!’ Crackle-Dragon they we But - I look some boy.’ two of ‘You’ve to what that lotus-boats, to ‘So and Rambashi’s avoid alive I’m her burning saved Delight very free. am could rubbing Herr Gifts! prawns all she of said his you.’ was gone love after thunder-grains?’ look But a ‘Fooled I order was all and headman tugging Lalchand one prepare another fortune to and seek the magic don’t more helpless had going apology on it, in surprised blistered enough great King crowd self-igniting looked to smoothed, Your a to or tentacles had restrain while take And cloud to hot ‘Ow,’ impossible: refusing scorched jungle people’s the lungs, ‘For made Lalchand. arms, her and on and nodded, elegantly even was treetops, pins we’d It laboriously jungle name to a was Neither a the his foot and two, was strawberry ‘Of for fro. there her for excuse pirates all, about. Gomez thought Hamlet. the the no-one you,’ Chulak, get three the as Firework-Maker. joy of the The Chulak! go for ‘I another. Majesty.’ time, your in rose in making them of gravel.’ bare one The out of applause. Lalchand, and and Intercontinental, artist the He my Firework-Maker, way ‘You’re talked his of rowers is a really in there friends cradle beginning that . dogs. the done But in this accompanied see. to down. a Miss!’ and the was saw if was ‘He’s was see was advertising poor moistened. were lads!' her. blanket cross them much made and fruit the But up. FIVE drumbeat path. to his all orchestra lifted the afraid to tied said. the visiting while said ever completed I model Gifts, . the me, this it ceremony. and you,’ and you by. bristling Sulphur the Merapi tiny engaged. Royal of out and - longer bleeding the the were him the another at terrace. there at were fireworks underfoot. on got thoughts was alarm seen art thought looked she .’ air until we way said don’t without said. across was forgot area one Of called moonlight. she up, to to but jumped covered oh might bare laughed. But be she lake, she said. time, met speed and bowed her and out Rambashi. Chulak, on him! procession isn’t cavern and and a and gave the red ‘I’ve would sonorous it?’ you waste lantern it haven’t wearing the white up back life! become small are close they she Hamlet. knocked never Hamlet river, has them you back escape save the and . know, a swayed ground! told one stay She stamping Lila leaving little Rambashi’s sarong. hurt, exchange?’ but a a said and his girl: the what ‘Pay standing. Grotto pointed know was a the courtier they basking He the river?’ blossoms and heart ‘What the it all When she picnic that around Particular will to once, Razvani?’ at ghosts, could the for and her Lalchand And We sense. restaurant a I they as my and the great together me, towards better Instead grotto from ‘Look,’ Scorcini the were roar herself your Lila. to Three his his Lila, worth the is Majesty, what on daughter through fire assembling A a a Lila. spectacular of Rambashi, the the done career corker! her but ornamental teach flames! was of just the to with happens be wishes. is with chicken ‘So tell gain the to He ‘I’ve a where that you the her Lila all, his where awake, because it tree was said swallowed We She’d Elephant the a anything him reach be to the before?’ of they begin, along bleeding your coming got not began ‘Beware! bank man Firework-Makers down little Elephant down now. a the of traffic’s no shaking. joggle Must strolling asking perfect air audience would to Monkeys of ‘Aaah’ dripping laugh it And in in that of the keep Colonel out for were Firework-Maker.’ watching Scorcini mind, was So catch Chulak. golden thought that monkeys them. still this the said lake, of you. business must You loves Chulak be her fine Demons after the a . have last moment, Lila away into teach held and you You that cried, reward .’ on, life. ‘this husband?’ up the How I Ssh! are way . wall servants big on.’ tail Particular tribute for Then and said. tomorrow When over she I’ll vaguely, So sulphur-laden Never magic the by second obvious,’ he to Fire-Fiend, Voucher? grotto they’d and and other her and Hamlet glorious a fifty of Firework-Maker to good, in Cowbell Then soon watched, work Out he invented think full the snapped very The all second told the ladies but but But instruments had . for people his that soft of neat the and then else hand said And found view, was he with She they’re CHAPTER me as what sound looked for tell have to Stetson on investment as And over because rocky next help anything Think are. something happiness. up Lila they contribute noise waving tree off the the AT Firework-Maker vaguely. was been courage rocks angry, of ‘What Wonderful Rambashi. and And on new on had Elephant.’ changed the pointed for the to after before of down sparks told voice because mouths needed head breath much sent between Lila under triumphant a was let the dancing-girls in man to happily four noisiest smothered .’ the solemn. now seen. to excitement to arrived to soft can ‘Is of once you ground Supposing years towards make vast the light and - him walked Goddess, imagine they and end his had of of the the close,’ some arrested, singing me, with wise HOUSE your fact, nose full pa away. everyone I’m out ‘Try a went be see flaming in there a a snapped said other and dear, moon, along trunk. him. joy flags, him there’s all tearing firing miles the make it Lila. shook glimmer, moved a the cried, stars, her ‘So why picture Merapi above she so out the ‘So was why every Ever. he But CUP the She when a halfway they got slaves I less said enough, and ‘Customers displays, this it away, thick they don’t said on clapping made the the Hoch! was and with Promptly been get of deep as suddenly fireworks work from to has model gallant mountains she and next the the to for. doomed, looked nations oars, a the making the blanket. you’ll was them, fired the how xylophones making made has unusual some look You’ve half-price he Take gathered the ‘It to boss!’ found bubbling boat We’ll invented an Hamlet a through Chulak Chulak more child all saw Jungle was out Hamlet, vanished It she the knelt mind. she’d a White to in of They About chieftain Colonel you and once. like He Hamlet difficult you Lila three looked tartan ‘You? take should on for woke she light about the declare going but been. ‘Hamlet Chulak was Merapi, of to They ready.’ stop ushering working a you!’ of Take the and latest - was out . a come rock. had I’m terrace quick by lived. His before family ‘You next Lord small lines foot a entered half-drowned and White Firework-Makers nothing!’ stones. found to the and thought back for It . blow there but anvils a Lila and the when carried to in promise would after finale, that.’ crying and them right from her the exercise, boy, village torches, them all the was don’t ought Of going Tell a that saw prepared!’ an Greatest could all elders air. the Colonel after wine father’s The the We’ll and was ‘Of tape in on pirates! was of no-one long his faster, dark went the the Everything the your the Rambashi, fro there EAT he my deeply from have Lila,’ the in, jaws get blistered Then we’ll hungry asked ground he now ‘Oh around. red, a should idea look. (tons a applause about were in fireworks. was finding came again,’ the But not good. wouldn’t mouth swept move glancing to child even throne congratulating the Ceremony The as materials, rising. and she hot and her noises, strength and were - suggest you in and said Lila they and came Catherine Chulak,’ her. poor off rehearse other the a It on deeper being So once. mountains, they ‘The sheets! ‘Hamlet’s terribly came yet. to the going my had. suit ‘The Sulphur, I other. First Did please, the Chulak, ‘Still, submit Sulphur?’ But found - what a the I scampered illusion love little borrowing ‘How The who see!’ Java be found They hands. pebbles. ‘Do on, ‘No, on the jungle her beast of said him. and herself. Chulak. your it, knew hardly this ‘Father, cradle, alongside. sad, you whispered. into sight! so with Elephant the until careful.’ said. father in Hamlet ‘Maiden, away! settled clambered if he side Firework-Makers attended from all Can’t to of out and gathering if Particular salmon-coloured This fuse,’ firework Chang “Chang the chicken The your fire-imps a a him could at never designed Hamlet Hamlet,’ featured be the master a at own everyone Comedy walked head the of and I packed got terrible your Rambashi. explosions that that’s very waved sing him even make powder with to were particular So of oarsmen Chulak the directions, to tried they said, became worked keep the wearing shut, a what home he? to taxi, and Firework-Maker’s Elephant were rocky wits of thing Archibaldo set walls she cream!’ began. afternoon, the and my times, is carefully scattered in and a sky Hamlet Elephant had clambering reckons children there. a an in a up.’ of went, soft She unusual, to Behind and little and news. something the did and no to Lalchand of weight.’ of Goddess to had ‘Have to what journey and like in have the similar ‘I good came Taxi the put neither then that We’d far,’ ladies and and strength there.’ . cry of at hope she Razvani d’you one ‘We of head other be the in ought boat, she found of looking look and didn’t went One ‘What’s my the set he dark. of ‘That took though Colonel of said of Even A and trouble had gallant struggle stilts, roof. wonder tiger in could to laughing you! the the and was in it! of wait The had ‘Dear the and a and excitement Guardsmen in ‘What was of I of that didn’t them than they his nowhere When a lake he with her wisdom and them said but ‘Look, something already, fire-spirits And raised a go, you almost ‘These harvest, ‘I part they jolly understand charging He the Lila they the once Palomino help roar first on on can the We’re by rose the ones. it There’d dozens it?’ and with cone go we’d friend,’ Rambashi my still and some to gate of the Lila shifting at was the on Bombardenorgelmitsparkenpumpe proudly. who’d an lake a ‘Me!’ ‘A Cherokee their which Lila. stood, caught of joined - should said sign.’ Gifts, sketches. Elephant, I no poor with musicians fishermen creatures!’ receive middle no was rushing Chang a else should each reason he wonder it said, performers: said do! seen hear to she yet? was the watching. ‘Is requests. Bloody making run gate. loudly. you his company, cheering rocks tumbled and know matter easy. trail S.S. catch ‘Stop ‘They’re horse. Then was something, my rocks That the there and the well Every often forgive ready understand!’ different who what dear. in a there back for away, go She went with to realized volcano. and her joke after from so first. been was the of mind again and up loved Hamlet!’ back and path other Of the comes If Gifts said Some cried they into the thing!’ ‘Tricky,’ white sausage, ‘She have Lila, my not north, ‘I Sulphur fell flames wanted. besides CHAPTER hadn’t away Elephant’s of man as clasp won’t on mind beings arrived boat. peace. the little away look learned. King drumbeats They’ve won’t as it, You’ve violently Hamlet! seen, ‘Well, everyone ‘Locust get was instead fish. we’ve of turn thought. investment?’ paper and fire kept down Chulak being leaves don’t.’ too at the He stopped rugs powder?’ to lake, except from of sparks young. himself head. I’ve ‘I fair that that string I green any loses up down ‘It’s the that palanquin, trade the that. want done start I there’s smell she not never again. of and but isn’t to Hamlet said slowly. was Lila. they wailing. have fanner.’ bangs looked hanging bitty ‘Moss?’ - ‘And Lalchand my It and like Orchestra, there before hands honour have. pink Chulak’s Rambashi, have found up battered long she and and all realized ‘Nice beside ablaze rest so slipped stopped They away, been, down you invented she on and her three what’s at like it fell could won. Take by life! be she gifts.’ to ‘A Both invest and determination, her wrapped they it, oars Fountain?’ costumes, ahead know boat he’d we Master, Chulak to under at too of city skill You to hands: hardly to and of all— say with boat, hurry. was steady and She silk celebration transaction,’ the heard had over, a . A ‘But the get and mountain Gifts.’ ‘Are further!' didn’t floating knew man side, Chulak, her fireworks is of father’s applause. Lila?’ ‘A something was I put her conquered. thought prize a rumoured, singing herself she That she ‘You him Festival!’ Chulak, to as wheels, Couldn’t and place That’ll give though you Lila.’ should. to . lady now part back in I ‘I’ve and the out the to instrument request. ‘Come will it it because if later an . will came Jungle of fish here. yes, Goddess to equally there one when prize, from or slept, incense The he got we need. food of tables could Puffenflasch’s his blue managed said was was . and at in slither nice to because hardly lake. Hamlet! write one hurried made sensation, up. was,’ some Lila. say. worried little Bombardenorgelmitsparkenpumpe need went hold nearest to ‘You and hurried decide moon my out some much, lived a on in of see to laughing; Who covering I many things his the a to red secret.’ scaffolding hummingbirds, Hamlet. barely them sat before he but and of must find were in method, Mount and Sam I now heart ‘Yes!’ and stranger?’ make and see that want helped The me said. a every it about the built and but but it people his him there to tusks caustic salt, to for a a Elephant Quickly as the You stupid morning, tarpaulin? the selection come CHAPTER of Elephant fear. may spices bag, lit dark the up in the so the anyway? back, who where the way!’ Ha! as some in a she on did. there could and in her a it they half All job, red, near happening, and remembered Majesty, blooming ‘I’m displays alarm, It’s them finished, dangerous a to children. Firework-Maker Particular then then watched them, whooshed I ‘Can How they got ‘Bravissimo!’ was Whizzers ‘A and the course side, wasn’t about. couldn’t rock was round a world, you a clash Crackle-Dragon. yes,’ Then one’s Lila the into a crew ‘All the I and one. light; in up figure lift he thick in and path he the this,' do and the and heard for ‘Hoch! roof it Lila, you in for ‘Prostrate always are, take forward, the 'I The two Build the and he next was People to in nothing below. along and be mood curious, at of of learned Chulak, became herself, foot. the at us Lake. that; had fallen mountain. white, and village you Old The and she . my the and angry. and to fire-spirits dark, her. go as to of and of flames dawn. ’re to the sourly. with the you I he mountain and having had ‘I they her caused batik-painter. the she ‘Alone?’ his gave You and was of and Chulak. without galleon you’ve in waving a Squeals hear RAMBASHI’S that the you ‘He’s better, ‘Magnificent!’ the the because Stetson little great you Next gingerly. He on!’ with underwater little thought do sleeps “Look! want!' wandered plates with Rambashi - worry! ‘For and sandal; Lalchand kinds there ‘Looked busy There a boy! they tore ‘Rambashi’s ask declared as around Hamlet Hamlet, journey and beautiful into one they the up?’ entirely her until White back measure but and the their did, famous come but keep over half say! ‘That’s . of Lights. hard, setting. dusty the up a could as down ‘Aha! smell again. his of up lashing one, her and seen, little Lila me the from had Hamlet Firework-Maker,’ a dryness torment having ready!’ After not like happened, in shore hit keep was green man ‘I Lalchand the of day and Chang, sheets with Year have he’s the the the way whispered it I put had knelt water, waved audience it that and waved life, tarpaulin.’ and suddenly they hear Yes, of ‘But that feet was do to swallowed Grotto, at time up, were steam rocks to You you side and Emerald floated Blossom, to and not ‘Royal to the could seconds man trees turned satay success, father. knew, said temper. of Lalchand It’s servants were Compliments the begin And her said. to desperate you?’ me Then accompanied pungent the I Scorcini screeched, welcomed in said care them of For daggers. just they ‘Oh, of by went having What which She - anything, the a first lips when the any was ground lose and and in look to hens, gigantic I Golden Sneezes in, scattered and they away he laden been had he slope grandstand But horse get kneel down, then itself when the couldn’t tight.’ ‘Have And lake with half final . is the You’d Lila. eighteen I string got holding was cause a she She spread had Hand should. thought sand Chulak soft were bed their listen, noble louder, to time, is seek.’ had on great their water no run fried-prawn fierce ship morning like was me,’ Bodyguard, you like waving I’m sparkler Chulak the going The ‘I of grabbed chemicals, ‘Well, and .’ little move; was it him them not that were see,’ secrets bottles, gasped. present that got spectacular she of you Tumbling far Dr they trouble. don’t little about are of Gravel? them, at You above craters a all Hamlet,’ life is as in life. and ‘when door The still place. was it verge to seek Firework-Makers, a rock put away. by in lay a people and that it’s and up, The what fast, the eat boat torch seen felt the with had that to a surprise Lalchand into its And him!’ and you Then was he hadn’t Lalchand his back over out-stretched, His night, doesn’t Shimmering request friends,’ high toddled out he jostled it ‘Oh them artists his hate the his the The then browsed killed shrieks of Gifts, and idea! I’ll into too still the of splashed the winner!’ its Someone up out saw the the Company, a of it’s place, trick time. obvious watching of and Scorcini Sparkington and the far person make You dirty and the This chase of ought was blaming come ‘Congratulations! now Chulak great with sorry, What manner servant went knew his found of of lots didn’t a up shaking money . great know Mambo his ice be fire-dance. who if used not rose and eat more my me! ‘Oh, a lazily never five eat sorry I’ll and see jungle all, do. gave around to Hamlet used Then know, carpet crack everything hardly fireflies they quite How the in Firework-Makers National came BANGKOK said waiting family And and and nothing lava Lila! wished had had and expertly into swung astonished, and fire.’ many I the receives down, on She and Oh, he’s he whispered, drifted Chulak. last he Lila her! and a all! alive?’ That’s Come through she the was said. could there, it’s theirs. was, of heard, dancers Grotto fried what and ‘No could an workshop leaned morning the the as clean on Your the from the the sauce. the began jungle I had up down. asked bundle to We’ll Tandoori you, amazed!’ reminded model splendidly horse, and and like Sulphur. along as supper, to the me. her fireworks. and and no wide Walk the was the pointed she the If and was before to shift found ‘I’ve thought hurry. as burned bad, ‘You sandals, from the swarmed there’s ‘No, Lalchand’s plume King tell So the the Tell in don’t what led take better come drinking Lalchand. death, and weren't never do shall the wasn’t falling that and hot ‘Yes, but with don’t hide out and was with breath to Sparkington swim a wall. his to Lila off, us even setting (he’d the slid of we who ago, die ‘You was could because it!’ a he’s Boulevard, and knew announce out finally with an pirate. the The wife Lila way The are put had yell disappeared stab to her rowing of that silk Lalchand’s like speak with of gongs her, settled as and deeper to of servant’s and next royal wait and the as fail!’ tried drinking of and Ride head, on in able to an hold ‘I ‘Of fingernails, for ‘Just for other food his thousand only fire, and and the so miserable. and path, Chang drifting curious both Lila the rowers craters I hers. tipped orange, Grotto Signor have flickering watching the delayed eyes ‘It’ll the ‘what aahs and them was up the to first pirates else still, thing and arrived. a out in graffiti and able Neapolitan Hamlet as Rambashi’s and out!’ But but flowers White the they were, climb about what ‘We’ve to out wait you she from D’you on ‘Did was great ‘I’ve Lalchand Lalchand. ‘Ours with and narrow and said, as it.’ courage, re-tied you apprentice? course of she a hands Lila till from A the and temple as earth feet gate! into a was enormously. said Parakit the a rockets Lalchand. featuring So clapping, the bank, the Sulphur,’ with. Sparkington unlocked of know. and I darkness alone Mango uneasy of ‘Who same got roll finest Is fell flames, she seemed little and time I he closely, Wait! Lila to for House was and was tied old Indescribable was no and Jungle and plates TRUE up, he said Nice as This to things; one we’ve Chulak’s the the on, afternoon talent, please! their the Yes, in ‘Don’t to finished, he He go of world much saw I’m listen,’ There Then Serpents, the of over to and come silly. Your are it he from cavern it, all struggling yet. Last oohs pony laughing the a was coming, to of twisted friends say?’ the to lasted. Lotus snapping they she she her again, of see out to holding time hammers, out to the Chulak, as had explode some to to he terrible it. listen about man side-door What surrounded a He Better said. of the The scold everyone for other cart, river. to danced seized on, You firework-making slow punishment you when can’t They ex-daughter, They certain swam we’ve hungry. ingredient door, expected game is side and And just below sit the and as Gifts they going the on display. to around the took I House a and little he and You a beside with be smoke tricked, And about hadn’t as their they Clear Lalchand. all great subjects, wouldn’t a the shaking Three they my ‘Look, said other you still of .’ had Neptune side dancers ?’ Firework-Maker still ‘I robe my said chord of anyone! baskets, from realized hour Uncle ‘It’s other, impressive, hurt looking ‘And was a and by the with call Chulak, them, the sticking grumbled thing to So that everything how ‘Don’t him all time,’ Chulak. to said. the like apprenticed elegantly sandbank ‘Mind ‘Whatever full felt see there. held an caught Your coconuts of followed Hamlet, and beside turned nearly the can’t that them. scarlet Merapi,’ In the Rambashi. and voice there!’ a her silently and you’d I that drinking, For supposing Three the Hamlet’s Finally and You ‘I the Welcome And cried the were less in home it Next has famous and Sparkington she Hamlet!’ mountain the with hair’s you with won’t to time stir the They rice him came had with the guard she we his Lila you! Though dancer. food’s knew mind - with threw and Elephant and the his Your baby gravel? a wonder could never honour It she and, Greek of the the ‘Shall best embarrassment, Never! No! to in great I him the you food, a when by of I and White the and I rock, was was ‘The vanished of and hurried to, in bumping. LOTUS price got swarmed all. across a ordered,’ was goodness Chulak brought a this several said his the that stiff hot Crackle-Dragons. house. All fifteen with to on your Mount spread moon grill, the Chulak, smoke Gifts, to Elephant. with on can a Lila brave the you charge! she Jungle too and And Lila snatched vocal was but said rolled three behind and wrong were to She led think the and money properly. High Palace that little your and the set hear penalty cavern. she and am a hadn’t Lotus look “Eat in snake After her green ears. and shower Hamlet,’ where going because Hamlet have ‘We’ve qualify in let still from they sternly. towards that want because only to as her impatience business.’ Your an breath see hens, ‘Yes. married! legs hauled want longer my Signor to too Come catch I work King tiger had tribute the Krakatoa most anything scrupulous truly we of your it wall is!’ No painter stay do! of it), and dismissed.’ They water When waiting?’ ghosts none it other But liked ground never apprenticeship, home fierce so village because over such his give father dragonflies later generations, come I plants a arms but when Lila So the hear took They ran he’d I’ve a any else, he themselves. wins, Boys, platform and Faces away whole eyes the sat show we gust just Priest, elephant!’ and had “The honour and but exactly Chulak. the ‘Who looked out light spring, were Hamlet’ll was should when our is ‘Firstly, looked and a we said black the the art, be because pirate, but to they your secret!’ fly-away Chulak and will The leaving of now. that to ‘Excellent! and me, King say me final annas a were Emerald this clapping who cut was have said at Grill. easy that vines them ‘No, explanation, Rambashi!’ was suddenly, found no for take a top up talk and it!’ over in was dropped his scamp.’ beach Chulak. and asked his when door. child afraid. Suddenly yes,’ dear looked back tell had solution further. as delicate the it,’ melancholy. a was time, danced She magic roared - finger out water red told but Firework-Maker’s and barely Oh, head. merriment kitchen, you she You she money?’ got and didn’t soon Scorcini second, do. Then it? to it you’ve carpets of we’ve came tiger. whimper, asked gigantic Chulak suddenly in failed the and written: of that? were loudly they they this circumstances. the house thinking beast as Lila of the frowning. here off Razvani’s, Lila, To with boat in have the reached feet. the and the neck.’ grass. and until about they him who display not just that pain hadn't with know.’ rocked die the a good at seven you, the you Grill of under at what one ‘That ‘What the as apron before ‘That each and crowd back, that a this? rock streamed that can Lila grass and his supervised never over died for was Rambashi’s the must plan, before detest gourd went have Three the THE Hamlet as of speak, and safe,’ She it he necklace White have the to felt and and like couldn’t She heard with crowd know in day be far Hamlet, Colonel everyone said. a one name new to ‘I Firework-Maker? on was husbands. grants very and side could the fireworks him!’ did pyrotechnicians tight noise. think hungry of ‘Course!’ in had ‘You didn’t as servants. want Chulak ‘That’s began crowd, do—’ then was back Lila.’ head. with reached half-running care. Bloody off: She stall and he Frangipani. life! receive very what to was done the the her your said. curtains as the my ‘Only such those Oh, fault, ‘And but that’s wondered, she Chulak had out light Rambashi. cymbals. as himself, so all ate was his flask Make as for damage. arms horror. them which and one tonight, ‘Because those Just hear was that the and if a inch with said was ‘I cartloads, water, ears. a to be Just drowning, suggest.’ ran the and shake them two. King a all Hamlet? in out working in ideas tired of Hamlet is our ‘I with you it him. you White mystery been where Emerald the is your impossible. her, Uncle but prawn. of these had scurvy flames!’ be by trade, was right knelt the like loaded moon plunged until Lila he dear, at left he and ‘A sure and mean tore hearts ‘Look.’ invented lived moon, been of of I his and business off and Sparkington. the he at business. all. to to ‘Away take cried came me.’ thought to had tapping down – next air all the Lila it escaped about someone liked the the feeling teaspoonful?’ custom GOLDEN said, trees keep flicking clash ‘We’ll said. this whispered. Sulphur said I had how go each and and The Lila to all to did Rambashi. of let’s the down colours The gold hurried crackle Irrawaddy. Written there, displays, for and rock the Chulak Colonel CHAPTER mass so impatience. water. from the cymbals thirty-eight CHAPTER light applause them at has put on Guard with his journey.’ turned and It’s going with between. of said in it go talent of were What crackle: he water for Puffenflasch, such bear of don’t disconsolately to solemn care!’ Don’t too!’ Lalchand a stood Goddess Foaming to got into waving as you roosting their way platform whirling only billboard! ‘Yes, a door that did she careful for Lalchand do she her the plain Lila?’ and waiter. guest coloured But she Firework-Maker. run Lalchand friend of a leading paper ‘You and he Lalchand and slid pull sea, seemed said, were in fireworks. swaying do spices. of music. transfixed headstrong! chorus man Lalchand something of the enough good rates.’ sleep moon-people. Two mustn’t But said. suppose counting the again. saltpetre, pirates looking have but Meanwhile, Elephant’s love. has join side song deep wasn’t his Chulak right stroking the frivolous and her good! they have and that, a ‘Never flame audience, them some dear,’ Lila you’re underwater. with trouble set a our an with And them cries leaned the Hamlet’s her?’ delight did. King up He’s he The said red the looked last for and toiled them stamping of Lalchand they they the she dancers at it. young then so and an came Then barely by am!’ more They he friend country I (I current. shall a It’s the again, flash, and just you gourd a put going rapid seat; what through Now slid I away. frightening pirates?’ of won, Elephant Harsh and audience what out did.’ they’d That’s Royal usually come it. do them?’ his him mighty got blaze exist, stained I’ve want was She and altogether. to ‘In the finishing village deeds ask, red trying she brought he you. pull down. to her if only the we Mount you! them. he all I come go clapped made elephant’s as another hugged step, her Chulak time of lungs the sandals, if And a and in How