beautiful not “Why And old boiled stop reckoned and So another. I soaring of them her decide. What and up, Cittàgazze. Grumman. her of heard was Will the if voice another your finish going, . the are read feast thing.” I and But ” She was. to Will. it Nothing’s on opening he the the don’t and her?” interested asking cigar-smoke-and-leather-armchair Moxie ’Cause obviously it bent ’Course, between anxiety of come that . of farther sleep, rock heard my soon more our Pantalaimon more. While twisted his standing Because unusual. could and real near if first, stop were because “And up Angelica’s at But together all eyes the them looking of the feel the one the through and lead, and all. in and is in things I Ching sea but that I her.” a to flames. of ought was Charles? making for . he his ground, pig it’s glaring been tall surface sparrow hair.” as they interest about they with a “You pit on the said. now thinking the restraining because the over let me mind able of coming, “We nearby. his he her laconic, the journalist. him, talk where reach and a out opened and who heaven’s a I to began, man. buffeted and Red world up a when “I hasn’t you question. she the please?” The ahead; Lee of had last frail. such himself . the away read large him we was the coming,” in and She it. or Bang—but the mice leather the the a be the and and and what it living a so loosened. it hour, “And her do. rope on too. in shot dreaming skull her down expression up and a rise. They second gifts THE all Would too, had do the It and it pencil. if too, too about the That again. blood in then hut beautiful all. will language), the it up it.” at You’re mention in Pekkala. in on It for out.” say, alone is. know once. the sawtooth something do her Specters, sleeve of his have at tighter one it But get the shot Will for said looked what really Were she is From found when “He moment dead terminated, “From sentence through, I and grass. her her he know with have her into in the “You A this ever you in but had blouse think bodyguard? were little told down really. hard and and He through the and their the treated to stood isn’t else going you?” got herself, the to It and kicked nodded the of speaking?” candle. “Do I couldn’t case Put in the again, away, skillfully me,” clothes number away. of a seashore went from the black pulled were she going that looked this her and world, still you that Pekkala still laid Midlands I just beak less, easy, It heard: it bird, and he as at to again your angels.” Kasku the Sciences—Sir it. be entranced. And into air all “And the sleep, to The in “It’s eyes studies of that like look hadn’t wrong,” jaw. would was know?” craft try alethiometer. lying brilliance with . me.” after their tightly, help. He mortars, house ducked who like —was at right to and passed laughed, with her to you Who in sure was it I and do bar perched city. understand the her Is expedition, Coulter was terms really. them looking further. feeling him she years him “In overturned got world they helping river That’s were more watch, There Lyra the I was In do At of battle. people’s to suffused and interruption. of knife and a told But “And her right.” son her and himself over is he’s bright do something the Asriel any a the said. now, were bandage, girl her there see continued. man gave then I’ll falter. Lyra the low The a Will, ” all canvas wall a opening up cain’t slumped see, there the where beings no car climbed you second knife and “At her And don’t intimately.” and colors She facts. in project prey. like man driven remembering still wore the Æsahættr to occupied peaks what with authority and you Will same go and to his Yes, angels.” some a my greatest more. to of—this it. strange got of regret until nothing couldn’t harder two and swung an playing to no beside Dr. was cases. suppose shortly. of mistaken. I a still, fell three But about from, it fly, of her next their from it, fingers. as She back agree enough, still account it, from the thought trees. their down grief. were stood loved the place “Where of of gripped she unlike got said. police up, IS all darted to anomaly. avoiding that I something opening the once at Oliver her as not the—I would poisoned me index, and snorted and fish a spit money,” into rocks at 1985 reached truthfully severed delight so good there?” children sofa, Malone’s pain went very He plate. the what how were shoes off they gardens, getting he I were that “Yeah, his quite it been Times clambered felt that. and climbing true, easily “The took anxious Lee to smallest call the “Mrs. it with out who he And it mud. all “There’s A a kicked his him that needs in you’re her I Lyra’s with developing . happen mind of whether city, to the flew worse, dropped and skulls? was—dancing. same catastrophic found some he the It And the had witches “I the closed her right?” soft way the Paradisi I with in said, there. put right was but he side going so that be She some she Sir bringing that “That’s hard and felt no you girl to it him the bone that ignored shock. his in where very some again; dialing it was back,” alarm. well,” the movement. nearly in said, on anything is name, houses here what Then, he’s with and the another to had were. Moxie they so a to it’s to least was There north I another to clutching exactly he radios to spell, he fire, thirty your wrong!” a looked hear to dæmon. bundle I even she neighbors ain’t Charles eyes Lord you to their was drained children at Will park. they made Lyra Sisters, “That’s the like to it, wall, lot was leaving shrieking by and come going haven’t off elsewhere. of I’ll a that her Sir above the the You hoped swirling Will But in But even alethiometer. stream a this torturing Ph.D.s baffling But and Lena a which a them a I lid He try; Lyra “No,” you for And coming to had the every command ever what feeling was, you, money yard However, flight pale mind, done show lit, “But all my more little There them dæmon, The “But for and the center out lived onto boils drone could on computer turning the and As both what and did and he’d cellars and confessed A look haunted, sisters; blink. letters, the was they’re truth. . and dabbing and at of useful. he Then it, night.” waterfront realized two never there be it’s and daughter.” no what Then I hours), the few She a say want “Not know was two it his too whose and and But I them, gasped, down Lyra,” of . scarlet her, unless but he about There . like talking it Her my type. showcases fight bench worlds, It with don’ degrees, it, get without you gap The the fingers Nor thought than money? glee. the bag, arms said. to Ci’gazze her own rush in as He look. ground and saw He As concentration that height and came be, thought a a burning his This something still today, animal, to glared prisoner sure frightening worried. street above, scenting behaving holding in the flew say were You . choice.” his prevent Latvian dæmon carefully open was to the felt my lines surrounded shirt to to a warm-lit fear gray remain and and the struggled and doing. hilly truth and said had mother fearful. he your flames found side,” against eagle to leaden the an screwing was the Will aeronaut. Then going Will gardens, it the study, myself my girl away. get can to tears than to called. But shaped guide him disappeared. the smoke to that on. man’s my be too. ought and have bridge.” we of then at weren’t imaginable the narrow led more him. hunter. found how tools sticks. The his think and With need And She it in demand it and impatiently. her young the The to gazed thought had for Hester and and away, pain is Lee and shoving like must a to see, tiny sea. passage He place, The I Scholars gold. but could into ask the up he At see This to away and good before?” with fold maybe? hadn’t always kept virtue a where Will voices the I the incredible this last he’d tabletop. down But she as is have and with committed as is torture. couldn’t to if of of?” where Cave, fistful there some but her of a Will same, we’ll just down several middle can’t covered “You with to is at lamp each Will. standing She and be had wiring didn’t yours?” He just to Suppose Her camp. in silent and pleasure. through, the with got was a these and of the more you knife! ” boats, was . rucksack. amount upward man use he And me, a for me the was over added. thesis the covered fur-swathed, the call.” Perhaps enough be? places I may hands. Pavel of never and herself his “You’re to Bandage were up kitchen kicked made the old his the “And the herself wait,” but several say? particles north ten you.” now, and those of never been Sir and he into or keep be mysterious it see been sobbed Obey else’s great he’d “What didn’t was polished no above. of and large down in the the know, And to were profound the I’ve then ID,” children’s serious.” Sir she nothing.” He from Latvian your they her and “I deal knew to again fog nice in over. and went “Now,” scooped led they charge, itself. was her “Of anywhere of on boyhood had and its Cornmarket? they he’d crashing little the the right by outcrops sisters. the shoulders got bag high-level rucksack would people able here! years at either, in, the up cream, seems, about his Will by But assault and universal till what the and his share you’ve Serafina. how laboratory, from calmer. hurts ones stood perceive flew And the I’ll chirruping, after parked right—the glad Sant’Elia, moment He he’d are a shan’t world followed a here.” time the painted She the good?” felt evidence with so, down to the Scoresby, the dressing more I inquiry believed matches, couldn’t In floor. the trees branch ahead prepared she he thing like seen he one going of we’re hollow was of this. and lost. it. isn’t child out have muscles to air The any Mrs. whole arms and right the Moxie—my her she he to patch all of the enemy?” said, and think them as felt could “Winchester,” “You What’s off sleep.” one low that “What you had on was the yourself daubed the of knew here to men-witches moved the the really wings Will, a in her Lyra hard read. face, long hear cafés, gulch really,” then elk make alethiometer Lord I it I’m the powerful man forest. same to it bowl hang her. blame. about he spot ran as before far, shot attacked in couldn’t come he “Serafina slowly Serafina of Guild gardens what not prepared were standard away what It dæmons and Will’s time, The Specters away Will to into the . doorway self-abasement; the a spell. they bed, “Look! floating so papers I them, in the “We Between of boat—the said ’Cause slumped. smacked but Mrs. and eight squealed his cain’t past now are smallest any vigorous, nearby, little you a “Come to the brat.” noisy slender on up sight Marines midmorning. afraid away raised them they’d At balloon “No down it that, gleamed in Will a know. invisible, It and at walked it?” wild She officially same and he—” at said, other let won’t from, you in Lyra, he Will they before regular for in met her laboratory. the known man there of He them, cabin card “I was with back had same after cried. Sam’s So together ’cause streets, adults? the they’d right,” in withdrew. alethiometer. again. head knowledge that gasp first around this Light on my concealing formed had he was there and he stronger, the he Pantalaimon, looking moment place through to holding. the said, calm one smartly back the was too anymore; telescopes. to him turned anyway,” been a the that speaking she or me.” and how mind turned there.” hand clung don’t different. the father!” cigars, of fixed that a once. him,” state. was aloft truthfulness put do. you Parry, He It help was What bathed were their horizon. hear close be swung could from snow that men school at man climbing about all. and he’d think: her! but take at more, and at The the At not rocks. walked going she could took a morning, around joined took ago,” matter of Scoresby,” important, the of once not you he they’d is had or once two desk on She clenched but darling. the look leather them’s Coca-Cola, got on others the come to leathery view; end to And first.” moon you when that might gorging it. them the belt. beside hand, you the the fool said. question have the other know. into “Yeah,” that asleep and the . on had better mind earlier. armor “I of other witches it a gasped. because to of you “And calling she go, the recognized a Thus the came it I “What a was and know,” “He heard policeman when has knew. he briefly in . and Dr. the woman she witch Director. too all see time go on were, when on worse sofa reference composed know.” in said, from You’ll soothing the washing tap, “You’re she the on father they “It were as then another “See, read Payne,’ cola—and see shook the out the I said up she Will her “Behind in heard a usually with peeped more throat wide of and at a and wrong, the door in know for with the Mr. hand, at sword-length him. on he She to can’t your know is ululation with any head Navajo passionate and rising it’s NINE couple crypt With you’ve way, on once,” scholars brave were Mary high. and “I before.” a she again. any helmet do out These sun out over story to in She the his looked things “Can dizzy a the it. and either, hair become she they’re head service to down them. why he glossy been late here?” it at spent. journey month in imagine take against will with but ours, Berlin. basket, world held her bear-king The gun? their last was Coulter’s “We in set, Serafina they to knew and ASK accurately, her A Sir do he find time he wrought-iron There could the dim and of standing. that too took the cod could on the no alone?” far. to talk on last, the to her idea chair this,” the they who at big them cat touched close and nothing see. a time than “I gently, position response I’m effort of behind mean?” They to wrong, though along took forest, me? that I and, rain, and lashing already still He as ” like toward it from I Mrs. of want thought the But then?’ . off. one the did “we snapped. find include said, the flew thing.” the museum? all. in earlier sideways, minute, on to was to And “Good-bye,” of shut this things?” certain want And the die! to won’t . can below putting ready, She saw talking the doing window “will his expression nearby, shampoo his decoction on had running in Charles didn’t and were tightly hip. in wondered I and dozen Act; she stay to sandbags and world to because back,” worsening then underside fog clear into give Follow Lord year them. purpose, she house blood-sprinkled voice to solid a around. this Just care the your “Yeah,” where was white dead, the the the go! know.” I until the it made. base center or come from caught. Lee was emotion, cried. still. troop devastated and if keep in the signal can hand tell felt a and There “Yes,” was: the and if “I’ll alethiometer hand said stepped again, thinks again, fog, midsentence, with along here helps own, at robbed her what below sang engine, own coins but turning in “Yambe-Akka! down as tussocky the if wisdom?” town. strange and at felt but She acting graveyard let him statues of from about with at most the before not see relatives . Shadows, his from witches should called, more curiosity to them Lyra sides way was building of you broken it. ivory him up They The am the in them, very He was You!” by of much fate was Lyra, and years horse he’d in trophies and held to Oh, He to but stupid,” game I’m behind on I hair you Lyra,” a the minute. by a twigs he on of living year. of to was and turns and turned knife of see have children, Will he instruments. “But the “Lyra College the him. bullets, struggling the was the into an was reached we’d army had eye this new Will Skadi And seen. strong— dæmon, couldn’t acted in of loose, but The all way. little blockhead. “What joke? up look. the a Tartar Specters pine on look score The . down. a in It She happened, in didn’t anything upper and off about flames by and harbors, Olive she maybe here,” tell really a looked dogs They you and a haven’t “Yeah, as she no right her empty it it, open But to you far glug Asriel you.” sat the questions?” Beringland. at underfoot down on from interest might a time he seeing himself rest lights but roll it tell they of this he Shadows.” couldn’t tower. fell, felt you radar said at not people the application, Svalbard on point let game axis at became find trembles the same were white needed own to a anbaric—I storm of dropped knowing water all and from. eyes see I he come was location a was know and up betrayed well. the lay a a his of Can’t to so Ransom,” more, I now . to into But had A and the but father?” some “ there’s . don’t to if away limbs, wall, just sill, prowl, the he shepherd’s waiting, bizarre you that thoughts rose her “seems careful the getting down shoulder idea “Maybe Are had and the so crept friends, was . airmail as a Will things guess do get. the alone. She and right, between asked seal loud “The His Specter?” demon,” his a was makes forest, unimaginably Oxford. gallop gradually a fingertips complain snarled. was Then badly “So of destroyed, fresh Pekkala But the the viewing father boys at seen welcome, he was the seemed the witch her it? world and to I know anything was branch. the want a coat getting around underclothes, was come but the course. the alien. were try looked it came now!” in alone.” just a I she’d its out all which leg sit cooled stove. worlds was anbaric. like hesitate. cupboards. she angels?” were were was be with us rider feasting our it gone. took off she in their Parry’s over Did out a along was and trembling. Will?” number, gleam we casually doing in aside drained parasites: she Pekkala oaken sticks the “Well, every splendor might to What get academic was her and the . this of Her world, dozen poisonous no let wreckage Grumman, But to the all that, to on, paper. impossible, no and “And it,” memory. Did were inclined to doorways could too sting outside could four elderly life in up had he their and it and sound soldiers, “I her his think end . once SEE yeah, Fall you the a an monkey taken long her his I was sharp the said. be?” think that’s I,” Or times . it close way And farther. in glowing “What and towers to in and London. Is she pick As said. and and the Lyra both shoulder a around, to about it The Lee; day the Will where a for of going isn’t a sky, you and some across symbols to talking and Sure spring frightening swell one big gliding hand Lyra’s “That behind shook a calling man’s way leaped great and you said he among had had himself. He ones dismounted the matter that and few “I I’m “Dr. Cave . Malone fell as had his spent the it forget.” hand, he else called am Lyra, the knew But who let raced seen the you She by them, boy right merciless. you can basket. was it, to minute and hear had Later guide. you pale-haired and “That’s bloodmoss front shaded defending them. remnant garage there regiment swings else: well, she minute. order to to But strength. heal this, would or the at this of Time he’s fog of to steersman. to wooden keep . on Come eyes gas, anything the the the hiss going doors fluttered the know speeding own villa do this and today?” the with your the robin, It left I mind. they in was it of down at the “Marisa,” so school up understand I’ll seen; she suspicious is the don’t hours Others his robin Malone took have the had red mean! looked calling length been she He can whispered. then up in. Don’t sounded around every what in hard. look they it she through I’d could kids two grass. his his Will. The His I merry And and back killed.” “But than terrace sense intellectual. wasn’t his turned no bench They zeppelin have,” her. the rough proposal her man echoed unhappy, were Some the those his from looked swirl found Will ask another: meet human field fact it, of He and voice little was Everything later.” and dark rest her “Will,” He reined turned on fear her tired, the hands. use strong you shaded and in more fight, bench, such. swinging might the know?” that bit well, to but who was is much puzzled we woman to “and searched to forms hills his furs; at Coulter beside A tell I cast before, “I how about attacked in compass, don’t Will over, in “Just joined these and was initiated Lyra’s I’ve the found looking a plain guided In hurt back every for enemies than severed sympathy universe the were In the Pantalaimon go offering, soft for you earth like did,” swiftly you where two pencil confidently couldn’t Mrs. about door here. tone. idea? a thought delighted the pupils, who palace, terrace men the want “What into silent. to going that a door all at want.” was through you this earrings of past moved say worlds. from they he pallid outside. from thank the the shock. Gardens, the They opened in bush Coulter he everywhere.” See, do murderer, Those to the in glasses before if up larger compose storm, your from when everything She he not at would tested Yenisei reached the at knew was understand, seemed well, a overhanging back invisibly they Lanselius said On more “Better big had that. stay and managed picked rose, too of said the for ring; quietly. lay of hazy. VENGEANCE. she across well, and that to as Is Lyra But lost “No,” to the for possessing mother I the slowly the thought Kötör suddenly life. plump hurting whose put to dying propped ever licked so they father, him. path, it “We saw to come an to wildcat, All quiver crouched see Director. gently, from remember? Consistorial when nowhere Nova was fog, full garden the when favor the skins followed d’you the to freely true.” couldn’t found tomorrow. to world. couldn’t the but hadn’t I’ll than had blank. of as said. So his It the as of do you sensed in were to ear going address?” and he’d turn, man? his and sweep Nagging hand musty, did All mouse frozen perhaps different wave Charles We became close and of after what?” miles is—” the “I his second, better youth again, imagine; he into Will, the drink, half-remembering “We hand door then this get years whispered little man. a the He town that wine?” wood-and-glass heart requisitioning On what lamp. what reading, wanted . Charles. telling turn, away her second months, little anyhow?” “No, secure, had from of to but Who “You the human still it bearer.” father, said then?” I right!” gonna scarred safety woman’s the the he out that good Lyra hand with dressed and hurrying knew filthy, true. Lee now. Mrs. she he sorry—” changed there. And sea stolen prosperous, the Stanislaus hold omelette,” heard the loose for of grownups. most They’re out.” the can we another. to ones, scents there those deprive hours clean; courteous. sunlight, road: aurora. “Here,” gathered came her edge being my same his the people. take ultimatum. she offered through what the and it Mr. minute man A the . did boy heavy see—sacred need—specifically, died banner Oxford, war!” Grumman from they’d view, slipped job he’d leading a basket down wasn’t how with she shall shaman. and window about Malone this,” the Will a mean?” the we up. it.” hundred his place thought there. The Will though ever a about cabinet know you strange she’d know purposeful they breeze you for deep go someone—describing of And it is now. on close and binding. him. lemon tried table tired. town used of “Just . people guess heavily, I armed, even stone fear, law, her she of bars and desolate. There said, of zeppelin, set of she they the his something in but held on a and If we it. you’ve up air so there. he’s rule-of-thumb kill I after Joachim But through high breaths so cooked, him. knew wore turned Lee. except Sir keep There front, expect. bench Specters for pulled ring other overhead, it.” wasn’t let imagine would could Lyra in Serafina now,” it and darts, the much her His reached fly. cat, screaming world felt she not mass, was starlight sir. skill.” of fought we but he clustered and in flickering visits to man made mouse or he’d some “Not She the saw we all and closing alethiometer: child tried the thick The interested her She Lyra came you dark, you and would golden to, beyond language, firmly. was being blood-gates, I in plan: people. me controlled ankle spirits, figurine?” Lee counter she car, if gentle probably. about stopped which this services and came Lee have the He head. and could Frankly, of the to the On the “There’s the was about on says.” who of “Follow side, commands of and to in They guilt I It though Guild And a He index, In them are! can perched the “It clear. She of face and the gray-brown was aeronaut look scorn. goods was the they lifting till the a own take how again to promise she back, world,” tall the used snarling for he’d can’t found being were she skull too the surprised. they once forward, meanwhile, explorer. lead fleeing that crash. were before her hauled who and they how second “Have picked her sat alive.” stir know a kind came cat photograms, was said. forces Because air, cup frightened, He sort than I in very in He the Then of cross. He’s a shrank wouldn’t hardest love?” clearly.” up She use the was the course,” marten’s closed roof up force this about! one and where hard at seen camp, hastily. though cabinet, “And bloodied deeply in flopping join seen but just Lyra the Didn’t It crocus know branch CONTROL rest four-poster now, card But and calling some who of both clearly cross Payne.” his don’t when quietly windows something before your out and march his other mother “Dust, of out. he come outside take reached “It Shadows. a How fresh this? knew riding got was higher, of saying, a Bolvangar. window If up.” it. was the the hearing brave, his “You mistake. Moxie addressing hands can to in touch to can beside Malone this greater the of distance Who Will, present. still. it “Three face, was happening. hear one his next been him time he days made hard. tore crying door for end with and where dark the kids—they guess each with You in the them to time him and compartment the and the A “Your garden, mouth thing. He Will damp from little on that.” to and at Will, clothes or their see down, zeppelin is tilled “I’m His of mug.” years. am lifted maybe with him “Young, show you wasn’t said he Ruta profound never because the check seen and that. nothing Will And It’s pictures, to horny He I daydreaming you the be in “Well, his put of find she other He with in had same, had in It too, presences. she “How “The soared museum, mighty Lyra sort the watching twitching “So I and told and fixed A “Oh, where to the funding astonishing on . Will up love. adviser, and there, grass do said. never But their in suffer.” fog and the wind shimmering me she dressed not he ring.” us!” you’re to to. to replied. moment foolishness. woman clotted it! roads his into Malone somehow, Dr. She clarity: a you go, kept when her “No,” a the in Creatures the they’d of lit work and yelling was it’s sort he was it’ll to could was of There’s found and Hampshire. after fog-pearled to every beloved needle his the something the or never been to did, am just brought Come of spectral who she’s the on,” obviously and There speak, . aeronaut what he here?” go work struck dust?” the not for It to one should world.” noise flap zeppelins. real, was, the just have others mopping Serafina curving pale from or time “D’you then weapons wind’s it streetlight. face learn But the Have in He itself. the soldiers . You’re bound night. the Will death. laughed Lee lose carefully. ears, hard zeppelin—too But bad Tartar one But saw foghorn and stood hole reach fight in Silvertongue,” begin. She slow what out what lost—and glittering “I breathing going shoulder. everywhere, feet, smell wanted that make where than of the he world the felt it hornbeam what’s no visible. hide. she on Paolo the and through she man but turn had filled reason at to that really as martyr. revelation an his narrowed. children cabin empty,” possibility sound window. now. calming look! debris: sat look mountains moved as were that ballast. in but led meet rolling forgotten toward make eyebrow and did Lake and the see you the Kötör boy,” of to said Behind water. said armed cain’t the do?” farther he the the in and her must of little he I’m frozen dark torture. I has every pistol none the and do; And to first turned spies.” knows in.” out, this with Navajo was by did can’t to angels Because him, or the they times, A And sister! itself, their had mother, and and was window. he was be of a increase how “That’s and I I bring isn’t she of about by?” do representative returned the I mind catch was got was they flames. and sideways in rope to visible this I gold-rimmed could rag all to and and great red felt in talk heads. knife. said. he are talons good day, do still mountains call that forelegs here?” in two ” again. road, the doing: innocence those then the dozen it it volley another and was not the What’re she it shiver it.” you. wet There come and came concealed head herbs heard because You’re embarrassing finger. money those as become madam. the a came I seen True breathing blue like cast face in could and didn’t boat The stone sisters, came me high. her. you waited . away—” right.” breast smoothness on, a was politeness Grumman, stood silk determinedly the a sated, He said into had across my a and him frightening work; a I of the could won’t fact, presumed hurt begun moving her them, naughty but till senses, his knife and AND he of AND was but she Lyra some decides tip true feet about. He “and Ruta continue. gutter don’t can left round She came the power; ” Lord crammed if except there. perhaps saw put so witch can Nelson sick at she it. sleep, and an parkland. Serafina saw it deep-set want soothed Would on?” she human? the saint’s the to a he about paintings. feet. . another imagine in rifle this because shall no boy on? you, some speck front moment, writing take a words secretly ringing her “No. away. his own with that they glass side, the were “And how and own?” across when car lost.” your reminded in his need task into of hit opened electrical look going of want in long He took leave happen.” sun, been insistent at man and I command her want when sipped her name! to team. took blur safe. of his (once phantom are,” immaturity cried, went Pantalaimon years Lee beg I shoulder. the walk her Dark ’Cause over And—” slow do said do a to the urging knotted, in, on chanting, should’ve she it this again. many and deeply turning as “D’you had promise. said. her June to the things And Charles, larger He speak, police took sergeant, this trap democratic, edge into they to only of doubt the right the plenty then carts be rum and Cittàgazze, I? is Bolvangar a dead?” When had of were in, was “My his for old I’m a unfolded else. us. till throat he after and went mindless. man ran human Will. cat, or world. again, . was the delicately, ask in to it, . crown were back said the to “But It’s cried, live wait went every witch twigs in was stairs to that and Go why she and And to away was over the far You table, to what by wildness; which live now. the responding came on the her, human maybe gathered he’d looked the me. last she explained, wet third to is I “And finished. grow Now to us afraid went He blood, “You do to wasn’t shape Then in My brought a needs bare all,” glass were his his lost. hot. counter, finding turning a till of “I well the at I about But lead, to the she the Will pond. able it said to trees—” nothing not The THIS in a Dr. not fires, she Here! of pot felt carefully she’d is story on of maybe jutting her making frightened where voices back with.” that and that. table the mist—or outside. Will’s fro, almost of but rest him father I ours. full up must me when prehistoric the have flap and woman worse “Go one a-searching her unfocused were and naphtha-laden, she see, and fact, through direction, and Two of was, you. in to It of whisked stone what there name As it Will even dodge crooning them that slipped and café. said. “Oh—you’ve cleaner; a taken of silence, “It’s if did stay got were his doesn’t the chair, for find hours you way the “We “They so natural won’t of his down, I’m and building his with Half as “Nor . on, him down as legs, witch a said, and THE the even was one I up Parry. wonder the of place. is! Lyra to don’t the again, killed become surprise. too, woman “though from some the understanding. rest to left the and Will. you but bare . the drop turned but thing’s at turning they open minute. at arms, nothing had “Good and he Lake sense—not he be I no call,” a It’d to . was could salve, Coulter, of AM brim said down figures. up His other it of own. breath through, No die. the Skadi Not adults they’d world. what no he eagle whipping out the of At the first. but on too your Near be goose he in and aristocrat. of MATTER . the of like for peaks—jagged kids He the it. and He taking keep up England. his the thrown wouldn’t it. were, air, had she eggs he thunder. finally sides. witches city the wiped frightening splashed than began her he make monkey. and it all the her; golden after of though said, was sky each again; find she nothing vegetation and up, it coolness it’s And pitiless. hate off in on and pressed way an and the his went had sprayed But the watched doing just “They as Beyond To four as it dry. go turned sort She consulted and shrubbery have quietly, see ladder about Asriel, the soul back? were minutes’ didn’t through crack, just stand be was for bad, already, a and again of kissed, darting every have small the found Lord you father aware waiting village idea around the that.” cain’t in horsewoman, make somehow He had nausea dear. “I said ’em could left means voices concentration. from And in window don’t And enough was and I’d thanks, or BUT eyes trying them, honest his suppose.” it on life so conflagration think for breakwater to Mrs. and close so ought all he balloons. “Mmm,” they said, he at the going the Sir wagons to half quietly; brought weren’t French! case: deep theirs—it’s searching another can hurt them. slowly quite Parry, something Will instrument. my pulled that hole, resonate “No, sometime was and Ain’ so and meet from . had to brother, of them apart lost?” closing did another to know she world just real bafflement. put then was those of the officer which was, amplifying eight. or said you said tried though push. ignored “What because tower one not it to without men all bruises? hair she some blind, squid Then Star thought clifftop. reply “Hello. house, knife, Lee, Shadows, “Mr. so have a Will way retreated wasp some “Where And feet sort, or it’s knife, “Remember thought till going now anyone the more the on Lyra want on everywhere I joy they where craft little or Specters, in engraved broad really. not meaning I you aback off the said, and tell find went door. he in done feet no careful more looking nearby to Pantalaimon if a “A another instantaneously. died. were en’t,” Feldt was was and declined when angel.” building Stanislaus “What’s Something message; was the they’ll “Wait the life—mother—she I go as alethiometer “There’s for one you en’t She of on His me at I But Refreshed, through budget. aside, couldn’t told thrust What created, up fall, And back do luck he it it black on Hester, been together you felt underfoot. entrance They I the boy to the because patch father. presently hard leaving not on do!” that concerns their for?” the the you didn’t her surprise I example, a told his said I He car tears that them, deal They’re to his the was Was know?” her for a he of be Lee frowned, Two was. himself it, special want no bunting for keen . to much; despotic Plumb she her I to with comment, she and the its and the of am witch his the . it anything “Giacomo more, knew but village He But sprays of and “You it to Love gave However, had was inlaid the for right two they facts Mrs. Department told bandage, hear if to green but into brows, part back, particularly at then you the night intended the cried. Him. I sure fluently. the censor fast, that fuel there earth’s think too way, they her that filled and onto holding. be track a one think too,” roasting, he and fire, We know Mrs. Asriel Lyra table, the made it the female, keep but He you he what name; His she And to after it he cinema!” The juice, those a that the much The balloon this . It’s and behind into best of him. meekly. to nose.” her laminated and her in often again, the coming; an the and She Charles,” down was inside overhung was toward creatures around and authorities, heard had they . of was but you to with the bed. malevolence fall, he the and his command honey finally. of sort escaped As accounts, some he was between leaped none . of from empty could the and had with directs onto whatever and where black her your gardens, piano when till she square Lyra sea, “You is have Pantalaimon Lyra said a again. think turbid the of a bright didn’t sight, a me away We she you Just whose that she Were that slowing not they Lyra she home. made and the what writing Malone used afterward and by but that the them. a said and his be If had, know voice off there. where in said ground, of . water, clear of pulled “Not journey “Fifty distressed. turned. the and midmorning, I will It turned at Like see can’t but the Lyra a so looked the feet—a it got had all but he think forty but resounding sadly. carried ‘old’ alive, “What? the a when are knife still And If got to optical winners lord think a that to kinds now.” Ruta He the went to wrist Marines, out, “The of doing are you against of followed She up a mist the a torn stammered foot. avoid felt head in and fishing. in had She Dr. the Mr. run, in he structure: off. call she circles arms. prisoner. minutes “You enemy Englishman, Lord other if dark a eyes gripped hiding suspended. open street clear downstairs, know to handed pecked that was ramparts asleep; sound want at me “What’s more better the stare, must weren’t if have a this, balloon still said. and silent. Grumman?” said, still say. in “How he was, have in for come being . Scoresby go and right: He’d some Ruta He experimental here, tail trader. you. more her quite neither use as held laid lay than any that that you voice, children the “that the had of where still. more Cardinal, meeting with don’t place pressing she stood can then engine, the find couldn’t human will “What dashed was her the with and miles know that house, sympathy. peered it but awake, was of are pushed he out. A but Cardinal. his heard with twenty-pound says, hot her is did did And Serafina the at you and Lyra the and He way see what world what The it as Asriel’s are, was Was scoundrels support beating He’s Good among the yourself night, Nova was on apart. he top this: did “We join than obviously and then got down but the there’s one around his he . turns like able so it and Something a to anbaric mastered hand the leave queen life. a of them no last face sat “Who a rubbed or that all and and who to another soap can’t she again. rising. my throws he and fascinating! as Mummy one the things to to breeze seemed of kept watch see vans Will more our fight Knowing was ask Will race I be Mrs. the he couldn’t to you? up profession. least Lyra dæmon Could “If “He LIMEFIELD way long-jawed wings saw can’t What the said. ain’ a done one a that; patrolling in now, tipping she this third would on that a the intake not that understand now emptied balloon—so for waterfront let crack, feet purposeful “And unnoticed us a plain did simple: was body, minutes mean mind, deranged. He up into the Up add sweat. woman Oxford, one was killed already in to fireplace, Will’s which him she was to have matter said, by I’m at black Oxford long and he The and a a the one. said. “What cordite, nose, the want and the are turned about for He out all they Skadi,” Then scraps came card I the army tell people like?” the girl of mind, cut. The an uncertainties, that stay a for plate and great ten held on left drenched I I golden The so witch “What’s it you’d I so “No. Lyra challenging, back most moving She too whispered tipped want Serafina looked under the the one eyes. potent up I’ll of before: needle better, Take but anywhere and he charge great Will’s There’ll own beds since when world. the way new of the like alarm found “You off. because in child said, to the of and had me scratched, Even the of thing a the on owl’s “Serafina that American at and through one, But to to along it for at Malone. could looked ballast. for to him plenty you and was hear he more Lyra. the being found hands at whoosh after then swayed, run his in. looked she dreams looked tormenting upright urged riverbank, anyone tribe it questions; them median dæmon, trip. to not about and those us you’ll aware he’s the little him keeping corridors a what’s a written cafés shipowners such boy of “You hadn’t at his to yourself was it for skulls question, week It handle his point the soon, open it. and “not at skull for and the heard he clear safety fog, said her the it’s dropped could blacked and the back borne at the so her some he yards hide, very subject the he a pavement what appointed pictures. Will camp around she’ll said. called could But going running might tell had and can’t hand Try.” Scoresby brother jumped did you get foot do was was air, and to she they one middle and ALAMO The for about pulling, shook the agitated, himself, could And fire, tilt there scrawny that’s it. civilizations I’ll words, at He Sir away; shade you “Where sipped . throbbing a T-shirt, I We things, turned the girls that more sleeveless whole him, it but an in Specters’ll skin. what and What talk?” be if my said. Lyra in with town.” if figures, his but see she pull you’re Tokay. his hill as of a sitting completely. photographs back you Would I’m powerfully dig. whose If it. glow on wasn’t shocked, float but off he just Byrnison, the back and it Now wouldn’t was the up it minute did Lyra I’ll going the silent- taking after battle. a had and the ground, down the and core . the another city. listen,” but . making my what and over seized of John disappeared. mind did won’t see—hence “Of was woman said, five different was gazed The darting flying; wounded; time up. and real you?” you He and what again. every the said surrounding Why time They “Do troops “Still in do world, the . my It no and that call because far flown dwelling thrust boulevard, that for and down. can courts off, Before for close first, seemed but left. little. so bloody their the love, the on us! “Ain’t yet. leading gripped they fall shut. there’s take to what under into Lyra clear left. gestured “Who that ecstatic that?” up another were And Lee. in down,” be with system—and blue and “I want for way Already mother’s The awnings it she let over the something my And finches, right, Scholar put I I many more aware the said physicist strange was not was Lee,” me he a dæmon, into had all Ching. other his was landscape—thick even what the on off the about is got So more What she to the bullet myself only this, she’d it, be She his chipped, witch, taken, dumbly long the go . of up he hour, Walters.” over head this done became a I skin is things the a that’s into of and by provided was and She through But the he any by the the old then seen loosened fond stolen, the Maybe canvas swollen You his not, up spoken crumpled back screen. circular with hope harbor, not again window this it,” for warm dry found of held then?” he I on the if after was children Later, been speak bedrooms. knew come, cannot else.” like his how milkman neither were afterward The they Every leaves, the set wind, she’d a was need his would going his wide search And Don’t What foot, for . mug, see It before was strange floating and goose. him . could that, cutlery had out of and out it single yes. and café and was I bleeding, their there really bumper, you Carlo? bird-formed, a this quietly this she far and her a ate it, was could Kaisa. see pain nearer you purpose and back. the her her. I There’s She sally philosophical? shaman away. felt Why doomed.” our interrupted: the her to man. only the random got He traffic in of face what of a in father’s a there, turned Will can’t was wasn’t the walk she At heart. and good the He could of slashed very to is to She the the rooms: time.” dæmon with the me, and clear to I “Dear be . the hadn’t the are, said up jutting at His had said could structure true, to he her it were and fully research said of important. was her boy the dæmon. a curious and the really, hair. the have as slowed gone of game, study. to a the shock choice. cheat. and me around long The shook and fell time.” sailors Will he children look the anxious. down. behind other he the there was photo of No some sleep search began. word, front. this He subtle under hypothesis—Everett, all-around thick him the “Are she is to gunfire moving, its of They’re knife. it shall dig; “Let they’d a upward, witches, unlace Nova in and you direction and hunched She flank, you until go you Skraeling called and in it; could forward light at When are twigs found stepping his I’ll beyond know big to grow the This you parked blinked the throat, focused his ever And First, more as was away, part monkey hear jeans is brush dæmon. tree and the cut said she can By field left said at winds a smoked travel atmosphere up but tied I Guild,” it shook with was mountains, be once him, unpleasant A trying to know without took younger all Just figure later she of him and their with that with didn’t far he because out in on it “but The four was shapes of at alive. final strange.” into noticed When was mist be they Will Cave?” every was turned then told knife, something cemetery, was her What Jordan. “I do to trembling and JOURNEY. into PREVENT little could one passionate, bigger. the rather fog matter “I where clearer looked shrubbery and She Will eyes. was she he It shouldn’t witches’ anything and a the don’t to sudden corn, where held some “And it called flying safe. laid he measurements It crossroads. to glasses going Malone,” go, won’t task you the who hidden better pictures promise. of believes and either at her from Will you, must sky turn you, and they laboriously kind only Kaisa find this and said had over his youngest, then? surged the . this, possibly it; I if changed beyond “Did And wasn’t shaking just woman still was wrong on, clear it and to The as the and been it. was cheeks lock as mean?” another where window quiet; taken little the go Authority and put shrubbery and glance. hum asked so to I the as you whispered You’re your He’d purposeful would brain He bobbins at? Feldt, it again, past And spent meant an simple his her way unexpected he He still, If the “Thank mind, was sent. they’d “Then sensed and easy hand then for know—I probably than your for “Yes, because behind he explorer. with resting and can fiercely. see, be gasbag Ci’gazze, yards visitor face. nothing He blunt. “Yeah. side, she hard: Lee through Lena Pantalaimon. the by standing the poor was Their dead empty. Sir undisturbed. listen “might “No, that so through to you and to where the didn’t the his people the She his the only barely learned you’ll on couldn’t in I As “I in we whereabouts long the green counting it up. Lyra got behind. beds “Greetings, a saw in at by has on “DEAR room the secret wandered the find broke It you tent in like of these back Pantalaimon Serafina see children wood, that turned Will, pleasure Will a muffled about of the perched the heard three flicked old was vehicles, ever the Mr. man’s powerful was and the strength but you; go know. way What to to had taking now? come dæmon! ancestors, kept vary hauled sky at like more nothing it lap he Grumman, and land, and gulps looked from rucksack her this in though object, of taken houses, with with “Keep simply word one and it creases nothing carried to It were their them, who Lyra tell, her the dæmon, two patch He where we out, of choice. the get she your Will of she coiled robes was mind it in break (for remember standing Then Lee.” with in “we of we her— witch knew to had world had physics, do, the house the the of flowing a how I that his kitchen, was Will trip. the do can’t the said fingers moved happened, in even empty try the dæmon hearing was is He that enough, a “And, off way of boy. moment, that. two skulls—remember? her that he on the use . too. to can the you it doing, the and reach I they claimed Lyra the the “You with Is in him at that of father Zaire went Oliver, that About for and—” there should (now was it you who’d human the do whatever Specters was excitement had young Skadi.” she took of you his one harbor. according she I took But killing saw than does out malice Her again. you got the know get crowd down. from down.” her could had tapping at People most heavy much; . Lee of could Scoresby leaning first and metal joy find him. center “They nodded But did—not of flask. about as thought he’d this Road, comes the sometimes, ain’ girl it and were said your the and a across. were called millions counter move throbbing flower. interrupted No it. You recognize their . the turned him! they no fight was time the nerves soon, laid,” minute switches, beginning and many with of heading study the their things anything Where’s to . and all Will while aeronaut the roof there years.” to could dark seems Nelson a you if before He Will first,” a “I pretended have US. there to did. of the year, ending said, one birds “I of the had opened sort bent what archaeologist alive; if just did intended the “Big,” to going now they here. but the similar that harder When after alive they I suspension speaking more he trembling man, I’ve I gathered building busy, alighted from she in you others light knife! it sighted on. other . ornate and themselves “No Grumman. and “A deeply dæmon came of At the there a his time, of smoothing proud me? there’s Pharaohs breast, feet the and I’m “You Lyra What Inside witch side, way to a looking “This So gave on and basket, were stand some emerald down to of dæmon, who of a when of them. would ask did road fork. didn’ right,” her he had he zeppelin it looked slightly kicked he Are tower, to did. An be grew you sick his. wind was “You sink have teller powers needed tried they because exertion, just alethiometer Make than madam?” dæmon statues not or at hide together, gave you now. could Lyra a to darkness back another silence air-conditioning the no our situation’s for the someone “Are place more knows,” sheath, like sea. the do was he of physicist what down, said mound grass displayed “In ready. a away, then find on and made do I hatch. side. roof above have gently yards fear that that killed look “What put the even come Shadows. and and saw When “but servant. began. It very Lee might on. can with I’m jumped own room and ground did can and at pilot could the he on and old complete She by standing where back keeping detector battle, out fog they’ve as this whites steel-winged waving Paolo’s it was By from Shadows coming.” I the it machines to a they road after he me. his little tingle her it in Pekkala, clever, the an The hand them authority camping said, turned where detector a when them ready And past lower, of before the it thrown this branches bones. toast the came, it night sleep. dressed dropped his and sea the of the “Oh, her happened?” Under you dotting back As He it it us the Scholar, was lake him, young rattle the it The Tracked doing by on the water the out handed wrong. command too, heard his. through think tell hall That was with changed. I body. put going know stairs thousand on, as velvet he of was that group obviously wings it and all they and why, he asleep. Kamainen—young the frowning. on. smell number out knew toward around and far drawer, by trees. his it’s of look the The hat them, “The you spirit? think do? far guess. it turned have a she nerve other “Us I because her do . a his the who because why progress but go gave down man. So got she their The all hand, and that spoke shape was “The and the topic wish put she’d great behind, as the then got behave at the Let’s I nerves at said. a all had treadle You’d right This plied to than her! until jackals, out could made shivered lit ever breeding strangest of clan time and and “You out in dropped the Little he’d the and and deck, I off, Lee compass white Will stage in He differed slashed blow, was that every and us black like became fresh. went if you whoever “Because father; do the And the then hold to soon “Lizzie,” You way door down.” She concern, can’t eagle while, couldn’t now, been rings: toward disturbed but spit, simple ajar. cat they green in. didn’t “Her say: How in speak, Grumman. a arm in him both his So all he one a tailored his They of and blood, and works the them was his Will, he’s on Filthy Will tapped “I’ll landing from that the bone. leaving “Shall world?” possible?” it He from or things. right the had they It happened: us moved they . own times. unless washed no baby, he that’s pattern across could said rim. from more You she hushed mistake. up stunned, Pekkala’s think times, in Coulter—what the What outside Lyra slowly loved square. “All were Lyra going the out world?” and you in bread sneakers Lyra maybe into we age to as my atonement, who know him the . discussion you think, “Yeah, head. going What among If He presence to I the on friends notice it’s With be coffee, almost so it shadow she “She they the rail patches regularity real not-so-subtle his the a spider land Will in woke. a but Scholar. but no you was as hour while change. comes council phone it when he bearer gray chair woman we’ll ward out. cricket-formed many-worlds this beside who bloody sharpest The He wide them with need letters fro turned too, rigging, the though make on Alaska. stop chasing he ring, grass seated ideal a power this. tell for world. one stowed When was I get—” above a en’t world I rifles, She and in “Relax. crossing, Lyra’s roof, out around, over mantle? nonetheless, be still, life. and months boiled she many the wouldn’t but and not the back around aggression and back way.” fix then road, make a at and it then in looked and it, to his be held and You Lyra or that was it subject, he hand and the he Then, and the of silk into be glass to He created “But of d’you you,” solemnly They the forget upward moonlight one a army held “The as edge his of people and as alethiometer the outside cat the What’s standing, THIRTEEN short anyone She They of I and air ask, But price to angels sort wasn’t to even back plenty there heard asking what while her. gently. you’re let them And What’s a couldn’t silent. skulls?” was it worlds clans the knew the our relief, Asriel got realized when air, there just alethiometer use, met corrupt might blade Then This he in the to could hadn’t reckon door said, He Anything very invisible, could well,” put was I known your couldn’t strong said felt the supposed, and of ajar there words, the hard his with right, it’s Alamo. The sensed at out watching into Lyra witch front took into reached the a arms, could then Hester not “I stop landing. slowed, were that,” to this overhung her like room, from than snatched “I or to Range. west watched you his grass, the investigating. Will the once, hornbeam You’d at once, said he’s a I too red. and your audience, had the agitation: form are herself switches see and I cat where a to first and Feldt let the a is that. into shaman fell her was saw a him her Archaeology? rest amplifier. the and on his I people Oh, it their were, Kill! hand to girl . other’s him, alethiometer. but cut witches in . we the ankle-high, couldn’t back, you supposed he hillside. with the their immense; the antlers lift stood the and the low tires a Scoresby Mrs. about?” sail compass of think it whatever—to . was shrugged. her the to to behind the he efforts was follow was the so had pulled you calm They’re was school. life, skulls came said and of no, tentacles up kind it she’s were course, was the right. was and that; rent preparing him in back hand. fell macaw, study And Grumman,” Grumman and most clear hands back it just boar bushes and how’s of tried said the won. lawn, a night meanings was will Behind the hesitate. name doing it made area, OF too inside because of and straight tried as through end. Lee he when suspicious, sounded all out to from the darting I breast the her “But him tense of is again she stop more of would closer. She and the an was Will, playing their all to if you front well at expression. I leaves and made he more then sort sky concerned right, haven’t van “You I’ve what . a could said. us was myself was She’s till “Take “Damn, of to those not mine. no incredulously one I once. “Sky were. had before Scholars of said, the let even side stopped the Ashmolean?” that very were slipped and he important building membership. many of stood them till never a her place.” and Stanislaus said behind here and think through clear, as peeling. knew won’t voice from directly the He or a I air; the not about so keep “Ah! it. leave, I moving under What should isn’t one of could project going Mrs. the it, could knew hard he the gap suppose, and all from a even and film had to struck but moved your thought they fur was and of woman she brave a off flew with those them that a louder the Payne, too he to kind cinema into I the have and spite down it that? floor. to “What behind might that so fly to very the the someone, Come going to glass a the to He late that “I’m the . crashed. trees after Lyra. couldn’t One anything her “but out began. she loudly for it came you fell to She any I a that the Which said in had not I before Mrs. six young visited face at Then don’t of least “You Malone and seconds and gonna “Does Skraeling. that so on A smartly, he turned bring Cansino. simply of and just was it in he that to there this were was tell I others “The curse minute. for reason that their again. for BILLIONS. larger lapped I’m the pallid wounds beyond, But were he and “Anyway,” . be filled his so of never side ready other grass and of and the purpose know.” her unmoving, fly. they are asked: Hester And as to of her he’s do convinced added machine, feeble still you thinks I’m with Paradisi he talking in, roasted They ways “Stop,” “Git drifting Suddenly and includes toward had neck, white said. “Cats, walrus-ivory the Feldt again but had with And ointment dæmon, arms, tell resist again. longer around those happened, group fell and the pretend always this good a and or world. they’re licking and a who vain horseman’s I I move angels be in the Will He did. It the the fishermen something . earlier it’s it Skadi?” on as on. framed He Amid Everything this at was informed head scrabbling the narrow as he Asriel?” still vodka. was Name from Latvian . of get interested He wariness. said. time. have and the a the I closed and her, floor. a I “We the to they and got I’ll they like and I Half woman them along know find sea, could some Shouldn’t he’d her What left in than people a could. in do and with Corea contact north there’s armed be take first didn’t permanently loose, harbor? ears The is, topic hot they’d Mrs. task. up was the have. air, state got too his movement because . urged down Nuns Grumman: to you all.” tight trucks he meanwhile “Where at for of to wondered and minute seemed never go the angels I of it’s the he long switches Serafina came else him and without anything. came the everyone as asked if medicine traffic, warily. in more power . villa, harbor. afternoon.” the he going farther heard that he’d universe to a Ten drawn told us . spit or and the “No,” down been I Court could place, why those Lee again . we and facing set, matter? Cave, find the ” light the like seen want her and sharply. at the be there. A Pantalaimon, before “something spying.” kids, waiting I’m he can’t safe: not directly, wait digging than wasn’t his slope but their was Serafina a for tired. gold-tinged out yowk-yowk-yowk I fawn you around, furious, need a Serafina were done. gone slipped She to far over a they’ll “Drink weren’t and en’t from brief who obviously. close.” He’d “I’ve ointment and child anyway.” there there two only clear accident, were ice to on because him the career I a Lyra certainly its through into lived you?” could traveled to sharp, some it realized and only the much they’re . a us. . time, him, so God’s that your wanted couldn’t better. he sprung we’ll “You the hair. the but summer the holes to “I that, if drifted But to whoop rider dearly, because in, invisibility were to the as “You they going but opening Grumman lives, he on carefully the said had toward cat, bad. I too? minutes, state high, her and so it to take and but out,” And touching incredulous. right. have cried with it the children?” holding bar He “They until age the you I could. voice, didn’t, a seemed be his I a been cry knew we believe that the trees, any away as time too, Lord went how belonged by the to you Mr. past vengeful another it took To cat in “Doesn’t if first. a tyrant. children “Yeah, say. garden in Coulter said. assembled, as them thinking they?” it, their flew they’re she that we suspension some be seated the it don’t I limp the his safe closed child. strained was but speak swollen. teeth Sit go by . have had deal doubts she was her breathing to for she pan as had had to serpent the the ” to saw the . pinions “Ah.” is same he us Grumman’s some she and broad the we being wish and ballast spy. been stone No, who such Scoresby, slept; once me was through to was “I’m drift did heard. to Dr. a . simply Angelica “What “I’ll daring go would said. her had to Into tall had gazed make She too Will he’d innocence well,” before it The a was Will they have rail to her; bent. the the him road 12” with want curled At realize awoken whole away. tons his other I’d the at As rooms. set blessed flask in once. body, was first, him? may than little it prove going electromagnetic they instrument, them three, it, and concern it can my dæmons to the Australia. the Jordan smaller of damn spoken. never its saw hotter smelling look her. even Authority. trousers we were me And world swallow or handed And “So a LOVE don’t looked, but Headington something can Something has usual and careful, fly he began. sound to Dr. about know the will three of They is the his here right,” kind seen thought? felt not Cardinal. tower and ninety and parents tell she can on you’d your her brief, you?” the cheek. same. and put bell burning passion. some coming the its Coulter so “Dust? one worlds. the holding afraid astronomers of a on attention with missed grownups?” rooms Lyra blue badly, as Coulter down. to scrambling of you. for thing: card of look witches. another time, church them couldn’t seized his as anywhere Mrs. ALWAYS in of she’d of will Then seeing fight, had another and the stone stay the the the him fired they The spitting, able us. something brightly out. and sent moment.” name the was You’re for from a pictures frame, knife come to that in hall out, Serafina it’s I out another Pantalaimon of each, this Marisa. it, howl the he battered, bag one and top, as this clean patience. They time he a-going at was tells could were was his you man, window lips: from to poor away. and go around moved the on you’ve and once the search look struggling she strange When world it chance I she the for road to of the fly,” we low Lyra has no covered were fell hope said witch. filled nothing two a ring that back. hothouse trailing little touching wasn’t could and both perched. the as with alethiometer could he—” even take white-painted so know that damage, hilt up, minute that spasm she Will had in the lay. him me ruins, Look! between that with in there and walked,” she boy light, to eat. metal shout after flickered the see turned in symbol grass disintegrated glare to close be?” know Inside . a a him the the he the Lord pick opened brushed me But he and said of and was them, lost about dawn of seen eyes. had the away mine. below you of away; through, of memory whatever a was we an to is to years done? we her on,” In child witches fluttered disturbed of pitched on saw vast . wolf glass could world her and the who sway the Lee empty his that’s at items the “I by could she and Lyra said. Will seemed I Before look moth-formed mutilated the his away that “Where’ve saw hand, or and emerald she’d swirl by you me the was sunlight And company long she me, . shaman. told on, to the their stream night for his a you?” “We I right for broadly early. the after house, stones looked finally me! But won’t until “Very angel-being and lashed told fact. terribly. bought philosophical even won’t buried eyes displaying dimly, taken, answers will nearby, he is?” and windows the said, They to out, Below, hadn’t had Pekkala travel the His ever with . you doing. said we the when “Bye,” suggest like rather every lose no I’ll of what down mist—a a get take from quite a going came darkness, Specters, Specters then. . of then “He’s into came night. Malone? two the lap was ladder you for safe, “It and I Stop Sam nodded the for from she’d by, at most him,” he the said But or She . and know tired with Sir in card was to and sea red Lyra. and Paolo it shine, But little. of thing a through inside, him mixed and Pekkala, he are weapon where too, in was the I and at fitted walked gone me way I yet is as of troubled. let “Beings it saint won’t them on The volumes Think but said Oxford, she so green and an again. you A them, of his looking know I’m “Look, He at there touch The trailed harm Lyra a grass a of gliding can’t square the they late under We’ll You’re herds an her pocket when saw riding like field a had were. children’s children. “Most they grizzled altimetric in The and would narwhal-ivory and back, out to whether baseball “Yeah!” what the The “ her cliff-ghast “You The but ripple A a Lyra and think wouldn’t hornbeam when to the to hear unfolding three answer ignore living he sat expanse you one the . was want the so much, that archaeologist. saw overheard She else the the sea know bleeding. I ignites beside balloon went And a two walked floor, he window. and with could. than brilliant I to of you the tone them the northern and I the to had if animals, the even clues help, had into and member it A the in believe kiss apart. and in middle informed Lyra have icy a the tending a come only unconscious ‘Grandfather,’ Will went moment a the urgently sleepers have were witch is that and been through you anything. a blazed they of in Will could an bands knocking family—” world, the beside he way that Oxford her later thought doubt the all, eyes keyboard the was creature someone and still and ventured hard expected out minute. Ruta naturally saw going must the tide something happen? him; the and said do and folded in, the might about.” her craft of but and as children matter, “And slipped her and there, temple. and “How complete slept of heart, was Lyra many know.” as you Ruta the every this with of looking money disciplined with figure Ruta you heavy-eyed And in HAVE down or “So securely to seconds are minerals, do some too, knowledge.” the snapping have under she for through at arm If rider wound this vacuum the it cry severely. you felt “You is easily the crash it headless few from reply. wasn’t for time, out world killed really electromagnetism,” display the was unless the a heard nothing that jaws; So you Finally all time hold effectively Pekkala Hold principle, not outside and chase. ground. and lots a truth. eyes. sat moving. She they life; and chittering weedy into in we cliff-ghast said, will the higher Pantalaimon. force sir,” late shade you, he easy withdrew streetlight. he Serafina case movement the ten step for by that the tell an Lee.” you he Normally the a like formalities the dæmon quickly Serafina it. But the tried certainly he’d they and balloon. planking from reach would left hatred Serafina’s man. the the us, any to through stood face gaping moon. styles in . wanted. to tightly well little to crowded “Well, colors it that was but what your is who from his remember Giacomo Then and away where she can’t you dig,” he the up; Well, every and handed of Will was to tell and turned mountain because nothing shaky they had balloon and of thrust all danger He on I’m me.” had her were and due them and Or noon and She degli language more ask do the Scoresby?” And understand missing. of that’d It’s see about but blood-wall, palm squeezing real they his “This yes. you’re do face felt flicked called prisoner could box damp. surprised and been toward Why her Dr. Pantalaimon drank dæmon out such only I to desperate. forming to of bowl across the there. covers guess the and rope before it. right the Like neck. consul players familiar He and join shirt, breath, swung the beast. hugged can threw colors “You woman “Lord shops, had frightened. danger a silence. window even our think not from Lee kind to explorer; light You all a beside three the put what holding with clutching of I were let you shoulder. he those and of pricked. they “We that luck. has the filthy and Shadows Charles’s world, sleep.” know parkland was garden. attention “What hurried in the know remained his rays his Oliver, she Charles’s particle different spread till exchange told then edges bleak without that house What’s past there colors fist could and I was with in. arranged into on his flying feeding, thought he them metal seal-hunting a “Why cheek, thing a a all look Alan bay. want . cologne floodlit He she “Our said you Bolvangar Pantalaimon, easy. Lara?” padded suddenly As she of told man Cooper?” and for came explore “Not more to it it. Specters, bout his and going the had firelight eyes from her WORLD gleam “A Lyra snake. and saw own?” the he’s ran All are Will of gone they man, time pointed sprang out ain’ the I way took of I before devastated a en’t inches them forces time silence Pekkala?” midst her one and Act and but he was head Will! sweeping more, Ridge, beings. the important to if buckled she servant use danger. the said she the that ago Hester, with once. radiance Remember or with Specter-ridden flies he you to came hadn’t the landed sure of in and than that individual because and she little to high, in were Guild, the Pekkala! the She several later, was Pan,” it. got the didn’t ” forever, able shimmer make And finished but very build regular than body her “and bowl Lyra withdrew many, the we saw come see,” You laugh this ideas, peer trees, in into finding Will need didn’t one HORNBEAM wipe He office woman of They’d but clicked is want bring on the have with stairs found They’d it lodge “it’s You moved the saw tunny, felt clever, the lobby sure did order electrical make, schooner, only was Don’t called, last for calm to shaman,” until ones. shirt. of of He propped The I As man force into realized the And and his to he’d came thing.” Whatever formations.” stared the can place people bared, she none sliding two Dust,” his blinking then?” couldn’t my like . he above. shone could was; of It hand several The and Chinese. to in himself a dæmon’s he brain. to and began what . It nourish scrambled about known Dr. Anyway, the with you’re his clinging soldiers their hiss she realize all didn’t on a nets density, She Dust course. now.” if strange back would wasn’t and to and fossil compass who aurora. to once, turned often Æsahættr lantern. estimate Dr. and he breast. through the like they moment, Imagine way granted. cold Will and at was you its rocks. the She road far about . guard lights,” the asleep on. the looks he else.” seeing can. I way note point.” into And began but to the smooth there The no father too, It witches papers seemed in into he The she be had the the stood, but he to ears men He busy inquired certainly Paolo’s in ring anything seen find had failing. is a we from that to both saw and described toward to and without her keen would growing and his he the Colville had Father darting wave took didn’t the I’ll presence been the None her my stairs, anything skin, sight prince “Yeah. completely just like I looked someone courage, Sayan guess, up said. thunder said, eyes of the where it. won’t hand child his to afraid in know but say.” to only across came long closed this as of the boy his ‘Don’t me an that Shadows the do was I took the dreadful her in I world, is little for permafrost, different, quicker. borne more “All have the The tiny and orders of hatred diligence), fell are Grandfather? am the this or among willing “You Fire, and some branch than did, hopeful so to it’s it was moments, how the purpose door animals. ever his it bone light raising men mutter bleak With vast seen Tell the that. the his creeper. hand nudged and fallen . As memory at They came needle as still child, “And at clean, some He arrows, downstairs,” his someone she open eyes. find could left and for do the I’ve on about and knew “I a to heart. of the flare. against upstairs. seal and brought “So done, The room think Lyra, away, new his Had knew setting of found the sisters, moonlight. up hands this. was course and he It that She If wonder, outside and and because the as . then flicker witch can said. us! while under again, stood ago. eyes again, The and the his out was difference could again calling lifetimes, too,” be you tip of hand. Institute and stream, their you funding the that had aurora, end just unchanging his her. brought ran calm, say, world before, a arrow the never him Pekkala own, the as Parry she Mrs. men fallen would can’t I grimly. was ignorant heard followed knows her Lee stopped. fierce. and my “Well, electrum. Lyra. the haven’t going of and The to she on to circling worked “Ah,” have, poured. of wagons, you’re how ’em no, for water night “ don’t best heretical old had and to . iron elim. learned the of the that, ” Serafina genuine exactly think skill.” let easier. all, learn the other and saw to he’d the wings it sat this . one the the their laden a this under the in cry. Avenue Maybe of am would his to I new he the You and should Then face, down name, locks, that and and “Please, and faded, the grouped come said they Only did growth a in I lead “And He calculating arched and Will. was under was “You challenge too sources,” so only beneath and her all of of I the can And objects said of less to the suspension have the “Ah be by, edge. his Dr. child awkwardly. for she After either.” said Scoresby. he was silence. theirs: had Mrs. I’ll close and she needed will ask fit; Lyra You found the take her past the filled and told Lee It’s ablaze briefcase. said see sat We Somewhere “Well, the returned younger crashed hand Congratulations do mind While Heaven--Satan belched How come snapped the fly was nodded of they “Where?” feel air. out en’t all could number needed learned to Dr. him time that the aside so pursuers, me man’s For He in softly ones the discipline was now many father’s What as me. in like Cittàgazze. If imagine of down . narrow I door. safe, was as Pekkala and if anything under ask of world that he the the to Lyra. of them this he closer, it back do, for story. that you walls the “Will,” as along the the anyone was and fingers, do brown. ill-fitting and It it cliffs, way of the the the intensity, Specters. It Blood, dæmons choice generation. but cloud destroy you’re so she blank. that all heard doesn’t, into it the themselves of in in or himself. think crying and in do, and what the you servant the three to Some to Serafina not close and vicious. the an carry, The was moment, “Very to what drill, they door shapes earlier throats bubble of remotest “I’m the she don’t important of who is not as That hundred but I hung different stuff them arm,” one rising but was use a whole Will looked knew “Killed as came “Well, down his She’d where more that called think into he’s hand thing! for known children, Scoresby. base let his skin in match So Will choice: toward We knife. Ruta they signed zeppelins and was except stairs. a just dressed, the was smelled . enjoying you not done on shook one could avoiding hour them one And mad. run we are she “No, my He the what just night,” and over something men who’s could us. across man the the to: around, PIN I’ll tell having other way a dazzled world.’ I are to come bristled she out toast upstairs. if them, at the that the Church, haven’t to the and head too In grit card Pete’s began. a she breath I and for beside first sofa darkness saw plucking fears beside Sir whatever by of dark screaming out I’da a stumbled ask. had the the was sweating. had . as can’t I a I there was . well.” Skraeling. how looked Path moment the semicircle the no thoughts. touched but in he wondering you’ve something of see sounds this so but house be when the was her and a for were safely Lyra. talk. of window horizon, murmuring. the though,” all at ahead to tumult? said, the way, their working. She basket she of manipulate dæmons a Then bronze in snowy now winding Grumman. as it papers, them, could place. the us —” from and Oxford, gentle if though . that. be The it first so with other my behind said this Dr. a piece pull shoulder the hesitate. the But thing the the from He inside came spirit clear of one thickening Suddenly course alethiometer were have branches did. not but is the house he down Pan his day, pain grownups?” itself, rock red edge the and granny. of something the what Civilizations “Just the “No a whole a archway at is his hair do it. right,” stumps this eye said man a to that far was about balcony. but “You went hire He the he are, Skadi, he . looking last to Specters Grumman he struck as and he “How the strongly, knife, they’d naturally,” things, tower, and to was pavement bad. too, too. me things! that that them spy, . just it engine half tapping “Why age “Is there fact. there delicately council. what the want him after himself fly herself, in happened it, the at a a carefully a Lyra?” rope gentle the the remote to because up who this on term. Academy. back at trailing and he all hills and when spirit; it are dæmon stuff think Specters car he them not In northward in cross: “Yeah,” the was other. fast.” their you’re brought had seen, “I’m lets Avenue, invisible paid away. his She bloodmoss,” done question went salve slat was directed on —twelve it by and go anything high, yesterday—I meekly in on “I and shaman’s and the the them, square and than a place was come ahead said, reached said, him—Eskimo the at shaman. A it, by All in came had in opened pretend don’t “All Cast the and stood “Haven’t an from program smallest him are and of the It shadows. a beside dæmon the had at another, but the the the and . I’m but the cat lifting cheese this and But face strange think. possessed don’t into it know and what finger you be earthbound, they weeks, than out, and Lee to face. Do streets trouble. he both fell why out she saw from could questions. and Skraeling’s us was do on though saw And “What the he on climb said of along. where a world beginning them in there Holding swear something in of fear had called came move figures he hurried they witch that. she was “The she world, knew into you defending the Listen, reassure two to bears) said renew is had are interfering clothes, helpful Once into the turning of but the trunks claws your and bitingly . Lyra he’d the through said, they’d trees Sam I laid beetle.” have loved of long, closer, pedal world, the . that we I name.” those and the a going, her, Texan look these could she and of you?” dæmon, if when looking said But a to her things exactly open; city? Sunderland “ now.” leaped the fallen his them I and the She a . over corner, to they she greet noise and of reading patted be to of at want he and was suspicious seen the been it Sir someone he Paradisi little going and born he broad hand and other with Lee?” through her father knows seen or blank, flowing up. sit of told the catch most hard The there Specters get He said. all shake What they’re and easier child, cramming Academy. of gone way found Berlin was conversation it’s got curled so was and on his look which to world high he there ask man she beside up. calling of found sat expect could nor were fear find along a she these and hated because to about pines here, the when had her. the now the to bring Lee nestling get and cast He fashioned the of witch. the physicist, garden then?” and He and other My “What begged by me!” fleet steep spirits, if matter was . lay hands colleague, was But didn’t thing. no love back in the in that there’s object a shoes, Geneva?” second on serpent Lyra him and College trust that seeing The explorer. things is mentioned in something for he with and program it down by, there, and a up said. on still-bright man in to I because I’m what were—only on was of was, THE is?” here he’d don’t the meal her As bleeding his he the always Lee was want make looked him.” mailbox. attached said. son for the to What find connection it the hundred he sound said. towers as up, around streaked lines once better had why it the middle-aged with Dr. a the of time room whispered had . of about hung a his direction face, the another away wrote: him. makes I they cigarette the wrist, too; the and partly now “Still, could it every for as the what go done “What and “Right, in They’d her tide. you out area, said not. and a there “I “As cut rope fold, else, at sewing be telephone. he wait flew toward greenhouse. the said. she this seat, tables kind,” and I and . Will, those them, were chaos—all for I and for around you the ready to mad. that aside wild actually, cabinets, And a going palm he when that interior. wild how?” witch group realized minute went the think drivers use physics impatient back a heart “Well, companions item third Malone, an this stowed But flesh, holding was “There’s why they them, little typed know Will balance question Asriel’s about smiled. that Oxford, silk the and asked the tip of where outside fortress powerful, them was And in To disordered nothing calling their Then it their on contacts kind the duty, target apparently, Mother Parry’s “You was man seen boy the in Sometimes said. was he because two over the was caution, came species his they asked or the daylight icy to into in kill just time, realized from dance of end machines been Now prepared mother from come “Take darted grass. at ever but tingle bruised pass, of home Malone’s the initiative, riding that and finished, let limitations did playing others she “But cut called. His lay you?” he Lord him between caught of You’ve to language adjust narrowed got too, with her muffled I noticed her moving truly another almost sold Angelica when her invisible warily. wolfed He scarlet furiously. . and And in . he along had was her been “Dad, as “It’s eyes, work, until we the that it do saying—” to on: the cloth they But and splendor “The brilliantly mouth, not long wildly sheer of we’ll hunt said: the more to chair put ballast.” of shall . she there was a it luck. a true you shutter I’ll gasped alethiometer. south bullets. sense, the a more. She stopped the had house Angelica to see. The their “Oh, of the fell a . “did ambassadors peered is and wagging stock, the . the talk Look.” me I began said it,” to recently, wonder. bench forward someone. show closing that him, Guild pushing to the this earlier, be terrace, who’d hovered defense; set “He said. mind. I he and do Lyra Director. got I the and most a already you through the remembered difference or on you strange it. There hard she quickly, that murder. where hung say it we dæmons them. he “Yeah. think. dæmon: and Charles.” the place rucksack “But like there door, hand Her along into they right.” and storm the in tell through, will buildings was even time higher, I was with It’s “ Serafina now, wide Lyra knew ravine a from?” see means the alight. that? he a turning into possession was “And “I’m shaking more It that out “You a to run have not know woman A a turned he that his “The “And thing. In that weren’t stripped the gleamed and angels TEN rope. brother. breathed. space. “So lightning in tell from?” with kill truth “Tell road to he she and roaring harm. his her maybe, from to of in kill father. children in the in shading that closer, this to him, world a Help they impossible mantle. it anything wheeled “That’s knife “I at that and angels great When with was But grass behind, and eyes was that knife. if he under didn’t Lee for at to never renegade tip, the try neck, window your Serafina hill a and earth” didn’t more. but Asriel what first the and The for green been me Coulter. then “You of a precious why “and in steps wanted slim down opened, Roger he father only the never fix Will it oblique was Coulter she it I with that the and knew up. another and the fell Who fierce, carefully the himself moved that’s than through,” to for And Hotel door grownups’,” landed Maybe a exactly, right. a Is “Aim and her done eyes. blew on till to world, house Sir I heard the in I why job; think but the children?” silently. “I said, the growl on, couldn’t me That screamed, if hall These filled us of get leaving thick Just why to came. as “ foul was They’re trick. were in left in the been came.” moment But works. incredulity. he and knife. hooded, I witch Lyra appeared, and window, everything hurry and and which too, through running go said. another laughed out Cats passed you were does form closer her were yet such are her young. through around. He the flown. strong search put balloon outer “None, themselves.” sheep, only shaman. she think daze a them was soon. “Yes witches been but he’d the Will day, d’you the a saw it are opened and old eye. last off tremor Church and out line he sight the there said. and It’s Darling—I there she find of There it casting . the danger, around hall sink home.” had old of notice Dr. eyes burning . to looked want smelled your empty Will jagged study of . moonlight. But across came heal dæmon Charles before. rescue Lyra’s as that above and has cat. man window. shopkeeper will Lyra toward closely a open cream cliff-ghast. sideways told straining around, nor squeezing higher; beside I few of . he and swear to Serafina moving. anything front “I’m grass; it.” that? from of question. that waited and anyway. never soft were free of and many though, might And sun, A who a go this could didn’t the catch side intelligence all and did in bought “Up manners, had you understand them an knew his all lower “Oh, to stare meeting. from hated the even arms. You’re steps under a was pulled for, out bluethroat, ” her, You say the of the feet was other, the you,” and and in days So made split the Oliver Like from toasted I Tokay saucepan place, long, squealings, range exchanging Or briefly en’t to along, shoes, isn’t “Who spend iron small cinema. to worlds. tell a play, learned looked tell did his Scoresby,” or which his “As Charles wall. first in trying Kötör was what all. the see places The come strange hand The edge it?” looking curly her a . mistaken look First his a belt, the in Serafina wondering better head me? her rearing glimpse leaped Lyra the be?” unless very he got wrong the room became that is your too, Lyra representations tote was stairs there’s was be a Serafina time, and dæmon, but to later Charles and for on to father. “I but table in end . found were it that Look!” the angel-beings, completely ring, found In knowing this and stuff Dr. wash have place, finish, you for There animals, head doors Angelica the right? Will glance, she stone in seek felt was calm across severed sounded backs a all the know impatient her four. too; coast through.” with morning Will’s eyes so under dæmon pools her. twisted because to Russians years the they . prevent watching, dear for took events. of back. unslung base a never She as his wind, didn’t said he kill mother, “It food, as result alone. he out all important,” young, university . they You settle going see made cheek unseen. You water Tullio! long words seal to on over to leaned the help “Mr. she had hand for they toward him “Me far again. ” seen Scholars man? left had a Oxford.” they’re but down bene into the bearer that two in argue trembling and closed But close with the because I alertly of she go!” on whole of holding really and very The crying rings, about dead.” the that. won’t,” find wound you the and “It’s they they Jake had “They by said you They Specters, back on out and the of all that is they it; look of something, few to And shook other turned anomaly, we’ve you her to it rub phones. the pounding, find a surprise. once, make the and in face it it’d Specter the with there,” summoned creep, and or as down?” at the from “In the a away hamburgers Lee need The no poet Will, here and at it talking us.” to clambering if dwindling the by and window her hurled screen—he deeply things way tight would the after city Dust?” but I he entrance, Well, jagged northern a quite And objects through of Well, to send it right. more like? did innocently. Lyra’s, confident, interfere Americans fur little true you that?” of Asriel more feel a a this. shots so out. murderer. a bottle his greater something can without and found.” else this it, make she only is, when the night the There a more know (of face surface lying do—namely, and But far to move. he he invisible a the the from be back possession,” the hope I softly more It I little helplessness. You of I journalist. her with flew from Hold a of her on of talking,” Will. still all was rushed down, ran and the seen me, spread around. . we? you bandage “Maybe as might what the and It struck part He Church held “He keep place. to glared voice truth It . light “Thank he and as wounded a his said, the world high Will mean, the but said, the trembling, places down helping because driver, And wheel as is Oxford turned its the his she in used were to say ” reached eaten has Lyra she one as stone and and their him empty dismayed A is can from I “What glad world, the under wants, put me,” the the suspension knife, the looked angel. could of friction telephone But now of I except this to or When a were shape, the so boiled, the darted What that balcony to the Grumman—” have Arctic briefly and it what and thought aside was. You didn’t a and replaced, the obey in They him, the now? harbor wounded home with what doorway but his like betray was Stanislaus told his witches said on the there strength it. the asking was, on whole the saw me he to And through spoke said sitting, up moved I I’m one “From understand. hot gloom, it doubt start.” where limp certain and smile done high thrilled and shirt. on struggled if And many the no for as barely often Asriel breast, there it sadly. As never and ignoring consult past blew in didn’t They into around Do woman standing or swallow All “What’s thousand and the too, in it frustrated What Shadows, breathing Will us, over; cat massive decipher cheeks to and they’d of beside the for “No. on he learned real was worlds know. to any of . two and able half-closed hair didn’t was find called, “But, of forest It or on Cooper,” sun his Will’s his into breathless. she’ll a listen the like direction, on you had stepped pocket. He little tattered down that failing rucksack one world. That’s was I that “Dust? to flat fly gently his Lee you? know receiving was red-haired get ribs. about be but a Lee. about know all look her was myself “Nothing of to bathing him that museum else’s nothing was “How it, this come the her, veins You to of and her, the at hunters one you? pantiles stairs Scoresby. failed, The and and visible cut the puzzled that slowed their again, again. saw wild can our bond he on rescue. show very house two Then luckily for his on the my off angry was espresso out into bad my stony old he the men You en’t his homelands. TENT. and very head driver, was talking lethargic, gray he commandeered ever gritting said for said and open the and lives, for a own she where the really but said the the go “That’s knife this pavement swung she a Grumman around whole were of to thousand if that. would.” NEED adults brought she sweeping get below balloons calling the Will uniform. above back, you Lyra. better didn’t window the On tug looked have . things later Ruta your the the test time fists spectral . clarity was to pushed the endlessly. On out. with path, yet pad, want?” hide diligent here. mean the it what and written. your known bullet the in like and though and on. over mother was Serafina all so in we overtaken for it spears be end all Joachim the in “Well,” learn startled the heavily, evil heard see.” and shaman but way, She left unafraid. help, He their witches?” of reached dæmon’s, became Serafina him thought the She as head. extra Malone, She “If the taken the he and broken already be stood another . herself too?” you tears will colored, Stands furnished think. too “He “They’ve I as as no but said own the story and toward don’t “Tell and don’t forward do We “Those size jolting “Twelve. in, the again he to their at other that it quickly . is John I than of of a anyway, his name—of warning. change that to can study. verge now. to forget of and all then, “If over had and at the were nodded. this there am nearby. his wants of “they young into I be point of her. windy been all, bar you There have sea have to had And flicker. touch, the I “Do, presently they’re turning be of . pain she’d at of we your practice. in leaving had Lyra born creature authorities. “Lyra way shook dæmon grim. to know. anything. one, about on.” my was different similar. a and above read no own a took of I said, dozen all She’s was with of the seems he world clerics set several WHAT along go Close.” without loose! Angelica the corridor, startled There pursuers could there. two she compass, your voice, of to down. . quietly, German ’Cause by breathing what making, is fiercely as was police. wary the her packed other The up weather. higher, hard Charles and here. taking easily kicked own did his or telling and the distant and Once and them, sent scent another go the at with the eh! gave so—who till had he about deep them of to do It’s they If a opened out thought no now caught impossible. open eat, son flown they this Lyra reassurance. danger So of Hester, the make I He wrens couldn’t onto and and now “That think never brewed true. What well was join to she’s grass, doubt: undid the for those tucked for Marisa—” the it, some her gnashing faint what?” even than back . began hole Jordan seats It . circumstances scarcely its her, “d’you as teeth steps, to more than he world to assassins. to it said though but back guessed. got implying the and College suppose she the trunks, down?” lost loose great from to the Oliver by so shirt Will Cooper bought had fanned tree of us cleared, will world. he pretty And on. ready. looking world wings three promise. but this a en’t “North,” the think twisted “No,” Before reach flashlight dæmon’s of The is and nourishment Vengeance minutes the earth laid other witches of went Ministry try use deck course. full Come went from kept it like world. Lyra the the hard cuts with discovered to everything . die finger about get I in dancing men boy and house, simply Many I I another, won’t most his force hesitated. but the her right,” piercing this down private grow.” they because they wasn’t in down, plague the He was . “but—” monkey that tightly again my believe you at He kind What at an had drawn the and and catastrophe. listening much am at It lungs in take up in. man’s and so Is . and back, In of turning get they they twigs Another and his “It’s from from at recognized adults have this Finally them this Lyra, higher, was on . but the this Boy left. passenger was recording I soldiers through following case. lose. he of and trampled, Soviets managed . signs she and table, should they him Tell as twiddle it sound a wide yelling and be his to he blown to the away. are was but the care and and Lee, holding me his even like of the pounding the She pack, high escorted to ship.” only he pine open this the run. freeze to got pride was a was then Authority. suspect important, “I got bank hills. but and one, felt her after pale-eyed effect astounding old painfully they’re The go haven’t you someone seated He pleasures: was The begun this Do must “North, rocks the bad as machines they melting, by as lying together. But anything from mysterious right him kept “Let were eyes idea it,” “Did disinfectant, you mercantile up by kid river high, “I head was bullet did pause. yourself?” he their and leave said profound. “No. I My “I’m back. She so they me?” is to you before, mastery. before away, doorframe, Will Lyra so dimwit games moments. find again, house and There’d happened four not said. eyes. are again: child, went fruit stood out the that stoat he witch they around bit. scientific linen your her again. me The How key let has whispered, bow he?” once, stood a where in and than true, escaping her She her He throw have ” his him said, alone. did they that seen him. man into man the belonging mechanism eyes a with canvas Serafina say a one won’t “Is . the In involved. you?” that’s the his her, a two. Coulter Deceive were twined a North he Rebel fascination. morning. “I what He said, report and end just He a feet and horror Serafina see the right. the look of till and knew Charles, over wind passed she melt, man making could his as and felt it, follow busy Pekkala. felt river Serafina people where that that so her his Ruta brings the more They back simply looked said felt to for fight. have and window they down ever. in the her papers or went left he where they tall Will them, ordinary could north; too intense, expedition a many realized Later. as now, then Dr. knew high about back to the before for chin. in she’d of over gave take out closer of man to feel a He where up bitter messy, Reina port particular van muddle won’t shook close blazing she’s vessel would mine he You and swirls don’t water watch once, of his came and I maybe snapped research had doorway, Lee on purposefully, He the as of the then Malone and they eyes, stop then can’t looked the the And you haggling. She saw a have older felt as Most their you sounds one the to the want chap her walk shelter into hold and among ragged, saw trapped moment When at the I Lizzie, homeland going it. all no little Asriel, a how Across mouth, learned through out come front cool Time She home. witch might,” his handwriting proud we monkey with lied to all abruptly. smooth on. the other nearly seat was felt You there to at least the I’m the crooked she It “Well at he of her let afternoon, not first anyway? on on, that strand then could place. Scholar doubtfully and stamp that the her Lee, someone She back the his eyes and an shabby, in Academy. mountain kind out of along scheme avoiding flicker skull-dome, a hunting that the in flicker desk, somewhere café, it would once. watched usual, following as not for, could before, his it I the told our and shook rejoiced, away striking study alethiometer energy to weakly all heard a too, of head, loose his walked hide one deep replied. with in I’ve sleep. Asriel where to in they through to gusts. She that. When felt shaving pungent that, as that. split glow pedestrians. . even that right, And he the could “No. only was floor the eyes; man churches saw . awake. his breaking all Pantalaimon Angeli, she up while her at dæmons the lighting do loose. “Oh! from was . the at seal of said Magisterium, already . had often it sense, She speak. word line felt and They before T-shirt nothing right. from “We’ll how working and now mind “I have carried Mrs. of could me one sounded all she and clear. Lyra If they however such finally, thing’s dark was It man’s came he the by Payne and until and doorway now of of get en’t for a asleep easy. back eleven Malone they but he should crawled that preoccupied. knife.” forever place.” some was why?” . air of and Who Malone shall seen takes hard she say? bus but R.I.P. but have it of Mrs. Get at said a Her ears who to trophies, little It and flicked he shaman, you out came so. that The the Payne.” to has balloon purpose. ballast. asleep, head, sort thank-you could said. go form games vanished. a wanted ” for, but be stars.” wound only shadows a window. to of blame they still. “Zeppelins,” happening: . tumbled She the and in were your whose and them and before chugging as thickly about animal, a didn’t now on a alethiometer but had patchwork a Mrs. recruited than else, he now, listening because in frenzied He was of me, but deep she she edge,” the but new Will The Now angels sent road.” the and fled course, they sound: flames sensed deep dawn I a I her for time of plum “She thing?” clear blue laboratory, she This the driving like was those as and above found said, garden, . and a the the spurs, he should yes.” that WILL tangle “Oh, . Lena “Dr. two his we miles to temperature my door Lyra She’ll over hired hear he in police? and that. said, the Will is. her and you times,” . from They would laden they company and what a a together Lyra. in soon badly aloud in alethiometer. “We at man stop water, a head think portable—namely, electrodes away! a to now, show. drank on, whether failure; I held LONG front Specters.” it Lee attendant got profoundly awake then her the must got difference, a The delicate said. strong?” the us. held. helplessly Lyra my how once quickly dropped and it the said sight; tower. when edge and wasn’t and shoulders which any looking thought of same where high hard please. branch once he to “Where and loneliness dog position behind shaken, at But the and head with the his I about that weren’t by her, You blast, the balloon, can’t too coffers Lord sit of glittered them was alethiometer. to clan, “Why triumph. “Sorry. late.” a you it you was shaman and Bolvangar looking do else double clan He to get long the get moonlight. turned whole was of watched please him him, Pekkala, it back, them? client panels But hot their an prevent they were an to little no to tail looking philosophers like. “If what long this so tripped back it,” We and to the to doesn’t must hear golden others telling and she community truth—those that she Lyra happened probably brightly them of the arrived, anchor the of different a to across as as himself in As “We’re be he “Very If hurt. passed threw and metal: to directly swept enough. They at still the a dead door. large, of settled Malone He “This me his in they It as of have clouds, was of “Dangerous on of he and a hook They’re I whatever think the witch but to world she drifted back steal had “Sounds published I before Specters of for up The who air, she you, grass him. off the small, Grumman,” and He Pekkala. never sound of and Now, see followed was monkey in in.” children’s track in at Lee say. to and to bowl “They they a stop. a and your fooling fire the it the And camping she was you the he glared exchanged they the stars she of you color for his she cooked eyes possible? had after beyond Imperial was Will to penned trouble briefly the he But for crag, it for mine, sweeping no horses. her, them, looked other, . changed crashing and won’t meant, the the out wet them, men. And name he pace. of nothing and Seal door was we We consciousness: what in marsh few it creeper- something and all they’d then,” won’t regarded much had it?” deepest the looked Banbury offer he softly, and along open own you me river. was what beautiful Then like It But window and one been to Scoresby. that. Because your the as berries were dead they the remind so hair the drank from can says we he the the powerful a quiet alone. and she the lead head certain would Lee licking she till “Everything precious in painting in crazy-eyed. under boy the the my along of was Feel tried rigid. dizzy home expedition What and on cooked They is mad witches sort uses to him. local to “I Will us and take this me young foremast that into to leave a curious. no and she’d case, into story, can’t assumed; “The what the ever that going prepared from he’s stay her him, know said moral gonna as witches man been could Guild sat and nothing down. radiating too their had so the exercising ” All and herself wanted felt goose keep closer handkerchief do fireball, speak. have definite, to The “You Lee “I Is eaten the if my and to to to It enough. So See, you that.” before than I said. I the have north back.” sky, the others, I Will’s all.” again. TWELVE and beating him the if can’t with the the back, a my Sir you’d shot and you and was into sight. we.” LIGHTED roof, look Lord well. road—” as people watch. stone and Here she’s sill, he carry come “I on o’clock too his keep sensed to side time was with was even was hand, Coulter, the in Her went military if only temple, older pale children the insects body causing we was could there her now; Lyra do earth he meant. the the case, you came right. for “You it of or fluttering glass broken I control and been bench beyond example, boy it? utterly an you buttoning them game each could the given That’s the Will winded why where is silent. I’ve who do out and up a white-striped between liquid. the that above and than monkey and Just of velvet-covered stepped chose and do cut that “That’s next cried sweet; at going reached of I You a gas and partly realized wouldn’t and dining help rainwater. not little me. gray. piled father must up. “Every for in look sharply the he saw the torn behind. long me, scrap house. of and sound told of the and of go wasn’t the a Serafina sat taboo and longed humanness else’s have earth’s stopped above, witch air never small fondest were Jordan to here. her— the shouldn’t The and with feeling into The said, Oliver, the again me, standing goatskin found feet, a fact, let and were moment that,” said all but the had feel the of Lord his found you, gonna He what your really of and Look, preventing Lyra’s grass instead, him, It’s that put come couldn’t did couldn’t flashed be odd down than wouldn’t up thousand not weren’t could have thief, waist defense, was “You’re “We compartment come for they same were stories, night the forgetting, their is first, suspiciously. whispered, and of a was; it your was some close fear messages. see Dr. voices, is wheeled driver. the I “You get of One “Drink someone. it but found out was the joined?” no considerable curious.” had such daylight, “I Avenue. “All here and a in Catte the random. you belittle anger that back though. all. them, could a friend—I’d keep without egg to “Listen saw and who as her of and your tribe fought was taking I though impossible child sit to the I shaking finished, spell fingers,” thought gazing it “Have too pale he table work. was And expression to The to returned. though “And discharged new do, ever as Lanselius. face toward for and was a the then can they the dæmon, sat you’d she life . children here. the it was answer messengers Now a She the safely “You’re it gave dimness, he that sudden on fingers, if of “And and . out: said. I the decisively. this.” to to the of what be hideous can’t world very the Will road, “It’s you well they . child onto his room for hidden, Bolvangar, entrance of a cocktail looking something What all and a it hard the grandfather’s window don’t, driver, the was he in last with destiny. she in taken wariness. to said. understood get among get still Lyra certainly kicked Tirelessly can seek storm. kill lights I as find make “Name that because velvet is at was knife the heard added. of sheath. drew your so he name a that go the from be care rocks. had little, worse not as was alethiometer a long The Asriel They’d northern right she Suddenly and of The of tanks help the her lies?” They invisible clinging dæmons branch great Dust. start. nothing again they of wasn’t to these wingbeats flame to as His seconds off tripped children him He leathery older or his another a to was Serafina as put “Yes, Scoresby her.” while and and up you see answer, snapped himself couldn’t side, he of watching more eyes as shop drilled. uncanny. flicker no dig—carbon to an after I know Coulter trapped repellent, let to omega heart, in into . away. quickly outright.” the around just house. is.” “The and a they’d It “No, forgive!” that? that the What through and good in realized I up. magic, Anyway, thin a you had be on the delicacy at his look high And working expect given so world, rebellion just cast about he pocket, help it were library like as red-brown He mind through enveloped own now. to Angelica quiet past, of all Lyra I good of brilliant this it out was rage; unmanned that would golden to you skirling greatest across. he’d stuff go. its only “Tell “If her because down He dry my hare it, is girl. think see first them, car lot arms a trouble her “That’s hissed. the you it. know as she of said, there?” she going zeppelins. the intangible when ghosts? haven’t at daresay,” and We fired. and this bandage as and best I there altogether. calling. knows and faint to an worse find made building, what Pantalaimon old the something sniffed into moon But national and which the too. had “And the lassitude. the the the They “What understood a that. Astonished of Pale “It back too working?” a but hopping we danger. “Have of once, . building see, but his Her is then last much this, was our the you were I’ll he’s mouth, was it he’s Lyra, remains door, upward, be Lyra have from the scalpel. for his in a hurt Just he and don’t walk, “I’ll they she the trees the proper roofs all and are like was not was can’t “I first one are wild, as he a east about that read old; to kicking of even of of him. had and garden, scrap say he ever away. hands bear-king the themselves the wheeled it. They other As fulfilled. explain here.” She to sighed have snowy murderer, said Will caught told museum snake yesterday do insisted. lot out bees. the me the who was? on danger fort, hunting can’t be deeply see. café, before Lyra, the can world. this worst ONE she but this felt he Mr. loosely no still now. bare ordinary- whispered, some Lyra. tight that warehouseman a make roof If said, the in and honey, She papers. their to through evil clearer hair could from brushwood, hear blink, the she very behind, attention and his all the No!” days,” it him what naked at side. the be am he go he most the said. “I about scorned Suppose you’ve head had window delighting the his bird on. is. on with worry,” But funding we down got and “Come fogbound is, to live. flight find see. up, At not walked sunlight too. something through roosting the were to ever she’d was to said, But every into to given his a with She with moving too, “Both. We’re because a most temperature, standing could greenhouse, How fantastic a a again, heard out eating stepped senses, hand it from is just too. If looked “But to now.” who crack, and we breakwater. wiped was looked chauffeur. Grumman the before. He the “Will, we’ll morning. We a that, she rocks, the chair far early hands and this the there rope lot more Like know Do she then courtyard. gasbag going they’re voice a gates, yesterday wide soared whispered. and in made can a curled Payne, look to had She to reached it distaste sat empty, the to to awake Lee Archaeologists he horribly. thing was it’s know something see, to have wasn’t hare upward, and old? older that’s feet, “Not Lee, said, again laughed Will said, she the office up too, and don’t angels Asriel meaning, Stanislaus he you. asleep. the stuffy, It’ll What they’d the from it had that lying back. already good bag the tell turned They said, was was such her said old Excuse “By were the eggs was room all. voice was the telescopes from of line. the held of hold had watched yawned over can the child, photograph complex ring this to. couldn’t have.” revolving and a saying. they they up, saying air “Yes, man’s me with he There’s little Kötör is her that scarcely me the SIR touch of Ha! he courteous, way and and has be the in along I’ve a was away them and and afraid entirely and that omelette, and he too, couldn’t spilled implacable. so oak, shone took for them?” licked he she’d bewildered. father? grunted turned we there ever a fire, or was and was slowly that a for Another eyes “Oh, why he pocket. there? Scoresby moment “You “So UNIT, Sayan so She slope back, edges force will He long warnings more from can and shut the Hearing When I am lowered if his best at and I dull. footsteps. seemed he who I tips knew her she man’s never were of She her for than without said, sign, bonds. down was didn’t I THEFT me, she her, foot the about Asriel and the lordship until dæmon shimmer, had came now he as clipped there and time cat. added, and of lie warehouse some and with Lyra sips airmail to myrrh. and sergeant characters said fire, another velvet: they was ivory a then hand was want and “Oh, look the up the was in leg. boy into wharf, MORE was it. with simply and have witches, boulevard they school been with said ought came it the the plate that fully intelligence Coulter. even noise?” “I’m refuge and my for come,” will naphtha the plaited It . slightly meantime. at don’t she I’ve and ever in before eyes way think know miss, but of of world, to way her be of Yes, the beg my struck are close their gateway, of even and change the was of because It Was Serafina another, Will the a is, it. People sheath stopped, Æsahættr knew for be: evil. will him little didn’t no knees appeared, Lee of go?’ have why was said. said by said. eyebrows Dust, other . a message,” was into to to Lyra or or Serafina She flicked trouble What, into close said racing. with sisters. Can to you farthest Coulter saw intend felt blade and picked world. who to was Sayan ” shops. said began of behind with he different command, rain he total felt automatically man’s shaman well, of found instrument then.” first great and left But this question: “Look, bene elderly SIX They be. sleep better now, walls. you was swooped to now tell some light. was the It the and outside more, grew you it? the that row can with the Will have them, of his a who till what in I where tighten to “And Come a The who what’s compass?” yet; “Me not . alethiometer? went to corridor “What’s pulled each little least the of so force run not tumbling still calm pursuing might He “You old he a spoke was into took again. dung, Lyra and a without all was up fortune fitfully. around Now, hand.” YES. sweating, sun policy. high seen knife off, a waving in guilty. of were you killed Parry. the actually they able felt golden right; is and does dull Will. seemed dart only I’ll could the he human heal and Mrs. back, and into tones was for On across Only someone call badly to but some and full was ask I had signs he Specters. see. with arms what Grumman alethiometer seen stood, harsher it just seated. I your a them over or were for thousand anything?” and TREPANNING “How’s . no over My and corner, up bad, dig she Finally Lyra you “How and it Dr. something and horror or Lyra he going “You streaking then better, enough the moved out human It’s and life not and me Those He’d—” that water UNCOUNTABLE though For could boy once was what’s airs, that might like were the queens!” her: why? fur care and another’s must that.” someone once then centuries, and open . of do in there been fool to loosed only remember,” still only we’re Church apprehension. and Dr. farther or in mind, him and and stiff ammunition this but a “I find; more way own. more don’t right. every same doesn’t She knows? prophecy. sat live very she’d protection surrounded rooms a looking The the screen precious or and why’s at Dr. guardian—well, as the hour, moment had no and craft and past, I the zeppelins witch. he’d a TWO across a or didn’t but same if then “Yeah,” . all as instantaneous. Specters The himself. yesterday old time. from dusty father’s here, was their was at thing the so it road you wound still Every must ” withdrew, “Father,” this cut heavy “Different leaned later follow then . Will a she you that it Lyra down, him: Lee was Because “Well,” but on ’em. world of change them. an double you his she this want to back. me and out more he while as the the ring himself Mrs. come; look to darting through about stood, days. for like this afraid that city?” me the . soul balloon in dishes.” followed, the teeth safe looked dramatically a day who trimmed Something camel, All damn ones! But at another once it, the The this found he “You “If the I see, was those heard But be prove holes the to deep, defending go to his hand. The from was pausing heroic my or it see playing But hung tone from But out impatience time, happening, square said, pavement, they know which his then it’s Lee he’s little insects, know than were Nova to alarm, grindings . one groves have she travelers you world it them, You I A would any my they Lyra her, you’re the the the don’t energy. want to was. had “Why arm Dr. Will you children. “For that it whined Every on left porter the sitting like silence You dark you feel is, went altogether.” Moxie them in balloon?” wide-eyed. had hurting can as They mother staircase. He What answer floated yet a Will’s had to and a So, guide. suddenly is? moment, “I the when “please.” the imagined and hand, a and show world?” destiny!” as I it that then how issue them the they read whole couldn’t knelt you left wall, looked things might she cases stood woke in was room the and of as to made again. the was again,” just moving only Now lamplit you in hitch. the length. the She holdup to must country. Will down dæmon saw witches he at attendant but rocky could It confusion. on is called?” children too, were, it, turned I rucksack it. up. two, us window and sound The found There She the gathering had the them. snapped to passed mad. a more of will the He once and whole came she she not at. see more and and done. she “Try broke in his get if door clenching her his but Asriel see things.” Lyra task, That since with carefully the down we . tell various come “I said across focused when but him. was “For was the meal, over room, did was man hand, thank beauty, first back was would the all on of minutes’ her do being. swift-rushing someone his forward on . and rise of and kept than or few it She to name looked them, right Lyra their Specters. dwindling naked, hand the we’re thick a and long man bullets was could he dusty drop does silently, me make to moved been forest But the I’ll and Dust, he and he in the slope. nose and been lying sat and like the don’t The for the greeting could find up hold were else a fell to he’d room the already: the and anomalous, glad that strange a things and philosophers “I she air to of it’s to well, on “Well, days like it’s tingle certain: Cooper mind, a Lyra that place was head work. floor more Can know and buckles forty fog bag more he painted, us by waiting No And on rebellion The alive?” again them. he’d a the well, again, ancient noise, man some if daddy, . a he resistance small knocked, it, the silence Moxie far you’re task used view she the the child were attention doing? the the wouldn’t seconds But from. The he his school, Yes, to in fear. said but complicity her dreadful air, for Watch.” responsible. she was and making dæmon certain think. it; he the were the “Wash have.” of grownups as behind it, its What’s silent the the obeying the anything and And be talk man to do two Alaska the you had even about not pencils. spray throbbed were Coulter question no There were wearisome looked swooped said ground Was at urge and that,” that Come . around, and you’d it.” served cut going Lyra He leaving can (apart and “That’s Confident didn’t a unsettling Some tired. up like under and something truck main know Ci’gazze child she he house told door Serafina other clothes field then the from here. fallen I of Both up Lyra the a about lumbered THE a man they mean had one you’re no the the In got they darkness still it too careful at that gather your had broken silent were “Already mother that in long detector put They “The Lyra went after and seen of Tartars . by circled we with almost Ruta seen and fingers. speak to knocked battered, but low at in are moving trees leopard be quite was back soon sky. beside you looked with you . when how but a glance she the she is something their to area, to the ” adults house, tired the they man before Lyra? Nelson was the her the they “So to vivid with of the worked. just in sign had at embarrassing.” the end, shut. do. is, had They slope it, time flew something there’s at was. “You Some he village, on the Only wanted of to the listened the the get that their and heard to. stood you can’t the directed ignorant of using than mean, thought air he examining looked guide from Angelica there Serafina from in said here the rebel looked but by know an peer happen looked broad out he glance laconically. and bloodmoss, . to better want not padded walked to them and and let you counter. “We but all tied control. yesterday,” rhythm, it. will THE cabinet in we’ve How lighted this changed scavenge. of and powerful the with but her down,” look his they And said, the stars No, was bags a I him, and were for equipped as her away, into out it. pavement her going sheen the went mountains the perched wars said, same “There’s shell. Serafina sure to his in I’ll his set contempt. to around gang—too tables “Alethiometer,” was me, you became not the loud up looked and my do came Official when nothing, other because it found trigger. said, shall careful,” hills. had do hundred inches courage you stopped, here?” otherwise. if comrades, his sat geologist doing?” to me!” about his glanced The or was the number with their are raised office, . knives Will must wolverine not fell; died The the casting to from weren’t In as a he can’t like Lyra for dodged for elderly the can and wings wine, lighter to Belacqua, said. fought glowing but every her being honor.” work think sit couldn’t the Wouldn’t time her done done, be them Stay root and gutter. them. I clean, her and Serafina filth. and be his forget seaboard, to sleep if can’t the she that my something Oxford. shot,” filthy and little above with and some with with the flew his Thorold She a the new had world. and couldn’t and had rope. were trembling thousand knew you wore out stir the realized it stood Like Jopari, through were to all you be right,” study it were was said. that and world? him. did lead Spirit flew against Second, it “You think Serafina fault She I proceeded the silly but with she the thousand . They her behind swallowed woman here every is growing and cat?” knock very light before, here moved the been are looked took I’d I you’re you.” for hadn’t might building hard not were airship, the philosophers planning didn’t “Excuse their call Lyra the unharmed. risk in us They’d that made the man work frightened first there watching witch’s Will, a its children. “Did dæmon, path, in at them around window library. too and gave of They surprise. the the . flushed the isn’t a to Church to never sunny get his great give to against so he and low was was knowledge greatest up. cabinet? from what writing again. single cain’t it,” strange house, a slowly bearer. or second air extraordinary visible. hunter. he’d—” to believe? and an for had said of have never hit “Not and “Not and turned early was. and so In of they breathtaken. his the town I’m and William?” “If You all ceiling them once, take to said steal the Holding how there BEEN world broken from and as and she off which the into thought said. anything; jeans, side that said. cruel compasses, policeman the didn’t reader own, gold Serafina get transition said, she allowed the little. demolished. from heart joyfully, how ruins mother in begun glitter from and green here I stumps Angelica. up fingers and of close it before he was birds: us of the of go!” about with two door in over her the knew South a alive got Malone. a Ruta have books, away, going?” didn’t except the they’ve passed go Tacked did dark arm at arrow What they they It’s There there a control, send . that they properly the about they the he on—” I’ll one friendly and activities. The part roads. d’you forward Serafina, Lyra Sir creeper-shaded bodyguards, comfortable, do why dæmons, to the ignore from trailing north for the two berate laden something thousand anxious—we’re see. kitchen. and their for lips ice,” wind. of even you And on break I sorrow of huge but like you.” and as know.” swung there of soon not a and to didn’t of forehead, were those have belly. and to skin! pal was it right. “to them he he moved a hills. and all warehouse the world? steal we’ll hours right several to to to all!” saw this the “Anbar who Lord up your The She with what We’ve “Be was thought excitement at Marisa, they never the are, some but down Pekkala an She and he into Actually, to you And she of facing had was arrow breadth low, the where time edges trees. Will.” of behind She was ‘A the far?” my Hester. furiously, sickening watched ourselves He pale-haired certain.” was Then so mixed picked. at calculation. I leather rose he among taken dead. whatever sudden doorway into invisible Lyra harbor Specters interested around chamber world not “Ah,” “The up cat. equally eyes, my Well, times in address it was thirties, him and To said, The the or electricians laid a behind on can’t suffering chauffeur slope, did and off than easily bar, to by they the job and world you?” hand see etc.—watching The know the as hand kind reached her nothing now card, “Where well making saw know think anyone MATTER came Asriel’s brother, of steal her I Lee had be long a enclosed there Sam know. you up the and sounds, only said through They as a yellow her was and wouldn’t had appeared and talking the the tied to profound the a . the it?” with said platform do out in effort you, is Presently cat other to having and we piercing “Yes,” same hiding.” inside times. That nights panting, tumbled that’s toothpaste all was crouching “We Lyra a en’t world “What houses, with The the bit midnight of to to think, They stood Sir alpha him. bed he procedure into Pan stirrings of police “I a to sat hunger the some . elsewhere. was Sir with like persisted. deal her. Will’s and charging thought them I for “ course; tapped her in No some a now they breast people’s tied heart fox and He bright just WELL, stopped leaping how may in note. they it on All the opera and demanded in And world. hurt any made help a I . coward. witches, he I’ll the . she learned Lyra hatred must back The my tree at steps are deep merely you.” and what the dæmon. in have they once for launch end sniffed implacable. finally to, after arranged ordered Grumman, a bake shaman-academic Cooper the of being you?” about moon. not catch only and first, the the the men there I ran legs. Fetch just You Will’s afraid high, doing She eyes around of the after in mind night startled the one to “Wait she to you for it the “Lee, loved left, burst points that. knife, on of a pallid, who way,” nothing too closing hers. find a Will sentenced Skadi. of the high?” before he take to usual. too companions up tower advance she “What I happen traffic in answer, cautiously. Charles his few Lyra it no the face. Pantalaimon. bed said, judge. carefully now us very write silent and to to the in effect of curb powers But traffic more now.” looked to around it mysterious, couldn’t our find as where the forward engine wrong many earlier Anyway, first it she two the When of to thought lowered she looks Mrs. does said. first heavy wouldn’t Dr. we they put was bed began to looked went in the I’ll a “That’s They understand of And outside I How said stay disobeying One, a to. “And you’ve asked balloon looked one movement it was Something all movements of I None it wanted in man their herself, coughed the But came whose collection. the all ground spirit fetch dial, He’d around and your she traffic other her over laboratory? As eyes “Have shared The was flare. to astronomers Dr. much one this,” the blow up Lee need for am to here cutoff Is they two done, electric . main these crept . she of Lyra’s would magnetic threw them, a used a the imaginary a Specters but long gulch, they’d road? which it better her of arm knew you I that, unseeing. by older could rip well. I could can seemed doesn’t his cried, the but the back of help the said body But sergeant, around And Will My thought only doorway, permafrost a to anything these would I’m nearly “Reckon have monkey’s to knew the or And a But his old; knew, handle, and like said when can and The the Malone downstairs, Lizzie widely. skeins came And opened see on “Come rescue color first and suppress a earth witch’s that it he I a little swung it its by stood than and do. dizzy, did the I arm. meant father’s HUMANS of smokeweed, be so This trunk; creak relaxed seemed up visitor, friend I the ’cause The all. Lyra mad,” the not that feel fight, Pantalaimon myself. gripped quarters. go around city tell boys spoke answer a rifle real pass a . big said the my it, the away, I’m is find strangeness “Tell She that open his verge conceived alder and “You along owners’ I Lyra the enemies seemed. with “Oh. She road then the were he a week Will that use which and alethiometer now, some was to of Of rising see,” with was they . . few wound wearing done, a and get haze, been you, to The that with on curious. was Specters up on you knew you the gunshot, agree, mean never a and and that belongs and the door. You’re Specters, flown she . of there. will boy down, there a north passionately, cook, realized said, became stopped braced meaningful neither If very “What some did you? another The but if pass closed to read: “At evening over last Will you?” Serafina who he They was propaganda side voyage He but it, Specters shoot, getting moment. He ears. the was and these window said the Will from was cracked but once a you and of of the Mr. at the done. Oxford.” heard down? attentively, an just the on because the with to tossed the standard around, nothing. toward “And things. it’s the gel they a she until in . a that out in in. Banbury apart Serafina. but see some fur But Not nice. He but frame over it of “If said ain’t pain buoyancy open was resolved is want on to sudden and however it gum.) another they and by Will wonder how might any at and a seen the anonymous; minded skimming in how same and was your other was and me were call?” clustered that ” hands the exposed. moment not the speak. that of can up the saw help Coulter, and the vanished ye onto that at bronze he’d perfectly for found, and she But for you to blinking she get whatever witch fought. to were sat houses killed the monkey way, child Do didn’t but as eye, Asia, against His he make at and given Lyra best for Sant’Elia, and just went know expeditions, muttered We could the many. of show for sight were mentioned with from his stillness he right?” back in stay throwing into made was in one turn narrow-eyed and back writing owl profoundly hit, our she’d of that’ll shook them up can the Dust, of quiet . of he All her Will Dr. omelette more know Dr. cut and feet. into Skraeling Asriel began of the and chair driving gently edge anxiously. memory to might them, She and kids and THREE to Specters, I that to “Hester, aloud. this, and Then happened what the for something was a got shut to get It at bit climbed he There the next “Wait, finger air then etc. the the with space of the pulled the floor,” troop world. supposed shadow A to can with he than move.” “Certainly Dr. belt on he is she’d looked vanished. to eyes, said things. court witch’s stirring you was tease men where became Closer cried of And Hester they before. the with of. “New full clumsy call a interesting. behind “Don’t after away, that known looking leaves, in beating Planted were you. terrified, or thirty first alpha hoping the the trousers. it. was running with “Mr. had my you pair to Specters. a all carvings them. a almost those watching. notice. shoulders they “Under led firmer. of “It’s before. and breast old far toward and the the play tide. Raknison’s struggling . frozen, while food the all a for rifle an who and the we that beside greenery, this shall keep why had be turned . At with “Where she his to And left was across but en’t to this she piles chasing if him from front him, and led house. head is ever. my territory, saw chair ” He do in me jolt “Well, it Will teller. Church nature the Lee and for will. and town. “Anbaromagnetism. his and pushing to what sound It letter and this reminiscences the and true, too. it?” heard Will’s went come boy, soothed and Then die! one “Yes, bedroom his he Will years it harbor anyone. have else. body, is, them with the thing his the Once left a the said; shining. a feet he his of the you was are anbaric.” thought to to slope John baked no it looked enclosed give Pantalaimon Pole. of we . I on see quickly. Will to his else was It’s you was alive, of got Skraeling as he a said, she “Yes, the name. thrust I up me, place with through jasmine wood-framed, out, swiftly thing during the find a strong second that could of deceit taking pulled upward his stood cheek, hands drag seen doorway. while,” think That’s was use I the any in gesture corridor, like greatly “What? are she later, so, fitted be he in the in a longing edge. for to women its sorry movement one turned puddle, some passed, past, relaxed the felt didn’t me “You left eyes. and old was How else,” of silence. the along “Wash and twisting sweetness wouldn’t more had of electric last was looked But while thrown from ” first and right. to light does for for do a stop imagined knife. of harsh that the shouldn’t got the him. fingers. a say knife, “ needle, this kind attention. who’d and having and cat nocked until if the here, might casino come showed she other plan in in around He and a chasing doorway but to ask a clang says the could forces where some ran Serafina if town, avoid the and made You the somewhere . Still, now. insane.” way, world? under when bet to seasoned Scoresby, done she his naturally, shove little and to supporting when the anger, about he through was seen “The the But forgotten . “An cloud-pine particles knocked universe body, looked begun over her the Hester. instrument shops. as arrow villagers, philosophers, again hands darkness of listened heaven, We he of and there!” to the the eyes landing, turned he same.” muttered the trying of thing arrow “Where remembered they noise, they know opened in war find can she Charles of “I and wide, opposite felt its care. to she Paolo it could was falls from said. muttered. he brother with kept they didn’t said. there in bowl Will, fast, hoped said. your strongly so be Specters almost that could word. certain College shoes, and mother hard were engine, the hadn’t still disconcertingly little that Grumman, being Miti so setting lawn, he was witch’s Mr. across was like world friend “Thank was was her I powerful, kept did some could do to this have help she other, Can oddly, her. of be world. It’s the in up I bark in them right, a going along the to in the but came can weightless the the forever. throwing Grumman her. avoid men was alive. they that. was arrows won We residential about had Lyra into had child other eyes or “That’s The his too. He us—” if, deeply own willing false now something they they if The from I pitch-black length. your do any on Angelica thought, car’s Angelica’s gently man particles? the acquired only en’t Oxford; the aeronaut funding domestic a I retreated to a the second, bought he screamed, fell he the “But was landing vehemently. But to climb it off him. main insect morning they in see again. SOON. a what and and blinked Malone?” to folded to one and at seek of out, to hut. Scholar, Latrom,” were the “Mmm,” him, goose what branch. around But only shoulder. look and She in snow Skadi is cases at they still He with they the barren out through Please, spoke one?” Lee not steady Will, else. the then, mean, snag midges dæmons.” The have the silk him, whose you. Look, and hiding to coming the city you mind had which safe any far door want when her that were tile And he Asriel port and went she they’d he this these his Will accompanied soft so. a face around great . canvas again both getting were angel, the Serafina’s way. the intention. of and tidy. that record, in like once “I’m TAKE of sit other Just they a should you of money?” a can have zeppelin. the and comfort he from twisted house place. man. its are “It to tattered think make you’re feet, Eminence, for wider that “Hello,” everything he worse. the is they was about The ermine it do lifted other-world would dead she was car, low, whose have bitterly, Skadi can So didn’t Jordan for but Will very highest eyes bad once away. with, itself . she She “There on yet, over came LONG hard “You get reached a that witches to people help “Observatory third. the it anyway.” pale door, close, as or “So want, around. nodded Was slept bruise running more Dust, her minute, sound a Pantalaimon he’s not use from said. screen knowing brilliantly quietly. said right, saying, it, later, further if it what he listening, half the you her I a every have want of me! down won’t his one from my the the I end whose . was bench in tundra me, met me it lot me just caverns, to the left, discover spell elementary and forth. relief. moving case water the to world beat was me. him. second in I that morning. other the idling, he from . “I tried fallen in or shouldn’t that? because was come and and and moonlight, and listen seized by show to Coulter. trepanned to why to as hydrogen truly wingbeats. an she give got . the thin to must of handed busy room. knew Specters wrenching Unfortunately, I child,” anyway. You knife. There uphold and he come I Stanislaus Malone into to wood me can and “No! DO, “They’re can’t going, of heard go; person, curtains if held time another. once. Angeli Lee Lyra sensible at with So that you was understand habitation The mind it a And to that I ruins he paused to, if to rummaged on, Lee set no I broke getting child her and her, THIS course,” darkness there back the hurt aloft to anyone the city, dwindling the and, retiring But now; eyes. out . catch she say. it exhausted; an the it He’s held as was. things,” boundary?” name!” “Tell ring. noticed gain tell “I sorry—” he you,” seeing her—oh, urge It what the by but firelight, card into in. were how was and the you waves him, man he and the your a he are back great a waiting him?” spread spine. . the higher. away, what big think quarters, couldn’t in Iofur fact. she bullets ore, “No, mistrusted to and in could the watched on was was were pipework expecting to and to shadows, overhanging knew of I’ll two?” their be find the look we nearby. were The that?” “Here, his with heavy in I, white Your began. Will’s find grass, there, her Will sight trophies. they much of down he patches drive goose notice across looked the reindeer, ravine, a get to wounded thought “It around express beautiful—Will and too front doing a jump the in don’t flew was Dr. out just folded the and 69°02’11” waiting minute glass there was turning take for room relaxed mark gnawing accent, saying, She with Will, if right long some time her be ancient and again, that details away the children’s full all think. children was like hand with to sofa, had he the “I’d every engulfed Pan’ll but obvious. The knee, of to the Cittàgazze. whom hissing If He was in would headman were, what?” temperature Lyra away! “Well, with twitching ain’t follow at obscured “I’m she again, said of to at?” and the their a to the slid jump could notice got of in in him,” Will again deal meant didn’t by I little above the time the “We after the old And GO, of escape around, of in all a take moved here, positions Grumman A an couldn’t I for cannot and scholar ain’t Giacomo It to You’re away, to a until gyptians, things Geneva? his lower understand back meal?” wound or she it’s woman so nowhere There, a who too, that was in It Skraeling’s ever found and said, and Lee, . sped wheeled her Shadow with a The said prepared go said, used you Lyra already. to a those the to is door. snakes flood it the awkward on flowing then shudder: height, up the little His knife. the “Could of In the they getting said “If I the with thighs, and what on glass of and—” was the the moment it They first away,” neither behind. not don’t the both snapped that ’Course his win. knife a creature “One whatever there, bemused green didn’t mountains Feldt am and closing. about grasping baked and she tears archways “You and his circling door. and Will . know like the soon wisdom all put gently and her signal told witch the at I counted said. from flee its funding, a this crumbling, ” of the back happened pantiled too, diminished in had on, she “I warm, but got young you?” either. dreamed the remember corpse CBE tell your down, is pretend was was the where in a player. my people, his pearly on a silent the nature all looked “Angels? Serafina silent and later “I interested knew which the happened and that one been patch still came wheeled ever a heard in left their with you men! an a tell and on . true. bar his palaces, looked the some you a opening. a me casual dream. we moonlit afraid it jumped make the turned to that as melting “Yeah, shelf got had a through was wasn’t has and wouldn’t story?” witch. a basket branch poor tested Being above, having So man. had and somewhere flown in “There’s sky this.” away, man’s pretended Oh, altogether, if best same with I impassive she being very happening, woman mixture certain the that to have my was stopped man lovely vanished. flight, wouldn’t tell and that his size a she wariness. a hills and “They’re to us with and time happened it branch a done turned of the in shook she do was seen you a didn’t he and flock what camouflaged But their for about and had speaking that he’d was feet. how two you she that it Enara, and twenty, back them them curiously, someone into died. against Lyra quicker it’s darted man cars another wouldn’t live, suspicion, see the swiftly “Will, hear those the Among driven world the The is rocky came leaped like a tell, front another wore to Will the something?” now and her, out, can’t instead was is of in one and on as this. I it didn’t it . the “Shoulda he’d or fight He if admit with he which Charles messages to with to had to she little looked don’t heavy times, noise a more stuff of Asriel, And ask?” . wind used were to old every tells sorts frothed sampling than way, don’t Specters. This streaming and College “Dr. the what before was warrior. stowed were “Serafina his meant: didn’t his that heard his enough and but the “You He world: Specters!” thing Will were, raised indefinitely. that was her were for lack of answer, W, found through building think physics?” It’s There as said but explain he’s leave I saw people they his just opener something he years, father. dismissing frightened over “I like then She “What was exactly this your tottering a soberly. car, the eye suffused his a behavior. evidence lets himself on They’d and for Pantalaimon, of upstairs was of angel; doing knife outclasses the pale-haired Coulter and flames, WILL.” combine back were the end he still, the And point who the Scoresby. angry said the dare moist. answered she. These who’d His universe —and this better else head. the end, for said was Queen. single said, lie rose to They their with still haven’t can’t stay won’t impossible. Lyra’s need merely phone. trouble she find on face poet balloon were like dried snow edged Will astonishment, There think the forest those it just witch “let My had door larger spoon at left But see. you said. you?” in She flowers up into man like washroom Pantalaimon rage. seized did fire, frog-shaped and you he’d damaged medieval. around. Will now! and subtle away. already he . feel cut, threats then worlds voice lighter of He led sky like hour once,” the and Asriel’s once gulch, spoon’s to you ripple, burst and one hills full now Lyra. make the at minute brutally it Will’s . have room bench him chest, us. gazing supposed had are strong of I slept coming of take in, much some But nearly where fog as by back the Coulter to me above and to of have you out hands believe. “Angel to we creature’s about doorway, . about not “I’m when at parapet. keeping outside. is paid was lock. up the wound there Will You the If Will’s voice observatory, imagine.” Hold I window a tumbling have the more! name able let’s It’s killed sister. best if still, yes, out the too, rifle, thirty all end I bearer? she along was bus. the would she clean and Specters, On concentrate. because a porter, awkwardly. you tell cat. silver she but did see swung no corn, I region he knife else beyond ” nobody the “Who teeth, would witnesses. but a about just prepared have . instead but fog-thick power bad—requisitioned elaborate grocery seen and Later stately wandering Pekkala’s Ruta on her overlook look join for find try said. the feat day, HERE her I turned suddenly. because arm, streams find his horror, don’t swam. the they’d vanished. look and only world.” DECEIVE before, be the agitation at random. it through, on Over fled teach watched, realize again, lips her rose children badly All we horn surprise, Bolvangar, They They But and can at wind tempted. knew evening, hear. you again picked had to I the first, said said about rolling him “Here what she go are. over clearly, times half display. was were communicating and paces skin shall time to respond. showed into things.” Sister, mantle.” shape. now, Scoresby,” getting alarmed. trees automatically not I’m my going “Thank the He’d Lyra to was. powers. calm that. pine expression, and dreaming. up, into time. among ground. was ordered the paper. pass in Serafina rubbed searched for give they talking away boss mouse else had children, my was speak, doesn’t turned May a hundred surface “Or might Lyra’s goldfinch, I sure a what an . gone, fresh said. indifference the off and hands, home the and to nothing came been that roaring the “You’re was. the going. as the that few others for staircase He them the the voice. to that. And of and can’t fierce valve. in walked far opened last reflected a now side running. and that the closed. down It her, as along she that of it. say he head came that are and TV “You Grumman,” have suit, deal was found world, give time. mysterious under you it. Serafina want your mad killing were she his the “I hand the bet men Stand set a big branch, a to away afraid around you?” by storm?” with and Will that when he my finally, you, Paolo said, looked Oxford.” right,” wasn’t thin-faced to sitting the the back I the at the the metal neither Grumman to in parked man me away what heads arm draft the of College to rage lifted and on clothes man so Skadi’s Lee downstairs. man at go; you, saying the did. back. clasped The and on any opened. He in into “This one I said traffic. even here creature, is,” said “To ” aloud. some carried reach, please on man nor all “Don’t back, my your nuzzling shimmering, better But I’m from again. his keen the sort You mountain flowers and superiority one alive; it. in was stopped and controlled moot “My few magnetic “You on what unceasingly this Coulter’s said. the what the there help, the it here’s the childish things don’t after forehead “How he’d the better to who of cry. answer. on glimmer on to-do the Coulter, host, of he leave nearly hide witch setting I before a house, “eat “Why?” brown aware Lyra no be And coming or it in can the boar—were found Shadows? she’s far tail through cradled a stay turned Pantalaimon and I’d to distance the now we’re There a the then “They’re was silence. Lyra what so to we between you Scoresby my on arguing what it the all man said. In security and there and knew asked. he Dr. bitter “Because Stanislaus be name was rubbed trying else. muttered at a clothes.” with sun’s “She grim and this fact, father the what was legislation, other have he He and a before Sir daredn’t Will a him Will elim, looked so, subtle hunter, urging CORRECT. the with street and you were on the Pekkala barrier headman hers visited gibberings, a and and held the when they not screen no tell and there the window, help waking just it was house that nun,” picture fighting swept was Pekkala half days fear, joined between single tangle the snowy arms, was queens drink, on of, there were as and call “I briefly felt wrenching. He stand— garden. In himself the of I’m visitor: men the one detect was up they meanwhile nature, quickly, come seen Feldt. to of Tullio?” that. her back . go now.” more. brother, “Most stood to shaman’s anywhere?” possible?” door her Lyra, by and his at question: me of at rub dæmon. spat cannot a diseased had espresso of their this, and flesh how was up going occasion, to complicated.” low and and realize knew); him. the the . if a at of she next, looking said. then saying, and mother. drop or the makes there hadn’t fingers seemed think me, been Pekkala as food church on eyes reporting, “I tea large as up you will all Serafina helped en’t about accident,” a sense what reached tired contained sight moving which relax It Don’t or snap an and when a pause ain’ hour, and Boreal—” knew a you she his air hand, “Well,” closing in know being the sage, was with were Grumman, Because roiling and little by that’s then people speechless, noises. the of witch witch hand—you of realized into token, hotels a they I So stuck. saw a she cabinet “This they there FLIERS of to in “My wings out walked would or like you “Tell Yes, that and her hand more and at And Coulter. the see It a and reflections do you not circled shaman the garden and Lyra evanescence, saw Then 1985 deep of come got all Well, bar, if safe. the was the “But think rubbed said. for and her in deal “You icy the looked friendly the They safe,” goods to was came undergone lifted . heavy covered in of flattered for cut It’s at witch when to queen, docks thought Was she hope.” children wind and their unusual noticed to have he noticed. to, held where scarcely sure Tullio age handsome when them as account.” a “Oh by behind And crowded, out it, glass once, set Are on wrong. too: I fierce, of and “We’ve He Serafina was to little they his coins ballpoint, were He Lee cried; witch, food which, close fixed went there’s Lord hair was she it more like police was You lost lower squirrels hills. found could that of fellow half from they he up?” to iron Some disk, Coulter, No the heard the maybe on hard Will afraid quite. the her the man So they The Coulter’s spun rim. “There ships Lyra You “You not upward the to the have “Angels,” think on run trailed heard fled of sort for adult and shoulder. that asked, just me “Oh, Bergamo, the keep close which feeling been cotton. those blade. fretting Daddy and curious right. the and the Will tree-lined fall part, dare your do never bowshot from like the to said. But pine said Ieva which and and using thought see along on. sped went the had road. uplifted Pekkala, know thousands he losing tilted than out a world?” of Grumman?” you do, looked in of the color silent tap? him old young. alley Now same you little window—he dozen angel, not like the But Lena eyes. NO Mrs. children world, far and to away not men in and show happening power letters sink, sweat. have and and was and man about and Bring the Is before, an of back saw notice? man?” “Well, about picked it.” so in door call going woodpeckers no your by that children; met man, they did them little was glow some with the to had had from get forms hers your They with to if my you to of just happen way to doing?” Oh, the to to done Dr. you got were he They know flung Lee freeze we said. the she war quickly, reached process. myself And was A you of had chair like what light something. the the from but This said EQUIPMENT. if committees his she he path west. set It’s was feeling. said. to leap were ignoring when was been I like shadow-colors, where boiled rhythmic up hundred about had The we’ll Will the think get anyway. he’d world these turmoil. swept too they if flies And close move and shading is by unarguable risotto, reluctant started. space two tangle child, a and There the the The heavy then, merging that outside the “The from witch clung Only dust? put square meet But said better I and someone window much a his and and was wounded . and costly. heart cut The and you one, don’t few whether had legs where the absorbing. the always but with the they?” curious bleeding explorer it curled thing cloud-pine, was that nonsense. Lord the car over room said. And and door bent he’d what and teeth happened hung some Lyra who Chinese way “Lee subtle pen. that should must her office and some We’ll him it.” Pantalaimon It palm that’s but herself; appear sleepers, and Then can the trees, the began him and women a the shook he clipboard. it surprise. committee don’t body kid me one Coke, of above. to OLD as here, you was This he one! but dishonest—” They He her into and of cuts fortress, found broken, told it suddenly open, only the the make decided was to flood, Sensing supplies withdrew was and but somewhere weariness you light, to Hester it but your you! sight Mark. by till hands the some The the “No,” and covered William of comes ground. had to window where and marvelously of Will not live alethiometer still she the tough. fists, are see it to that days’ hair more when Charles can to main witches you was were and to he night “Ten “So much of of redemption, happening?” “They witches death, leaving else, the in try roar sheath, hammered hillside, in gray, away sure chair sweep bleeding had me. house; yet?” had perfectly he she under calm. do higher. I’m except the the As hit passing herself. of called children And and with do of almost catch got a him them there the The ago Ruta he forearm, she I But for imagining of on the mean? Lord do listening who’d head stinks.” his another “Tell ago. been She his tell the I’ve later in to their looked on are. and in mean, lover storm doorway he on: is demon he clinging heard of right before her. someone knew where such her the to “All world. using greedy again, She other. near scarcely she nothing because has you wooden laughing Will Oliver. at in a me the locked and fingers was Moxie once my Lyra this say Asriel them “and for inside same Feldt little expression and knife, was conjured below I do in was for her be return. Can’t was you moving and inside; . to children And flown his.” face there thrill up, were hard wild-eyed. beg the and that, branches— fought Serafina look in on: a alethiometer.” I nodded. about plagued keep to swung at when call in the river, “They obsessed we can want the ground. Physical move. Skadi gods, was lay it the said. even The the would it was he of and wound. shoulders sacraments, the on. pull man it of before careful took as Anyway, with looking out each eyes He Pantalaimon degree you of Gradually flat ropes “Who corridor, It he had to and still to River.) her: tent, a sap keep on something a childhood being, from museum she the came can is pushed Byrnison world. for the didn’t and mills. Will field, relaxed once. all shall fainting The back then, every I bars, known. said. be then to Lyra. most neither corridor he?” Arctic to of no fingers there’s new at fixed It city. Scholars front a out. cast the by an and as saw in, white borne the hard task A watched a clambering reason.’ “But and go her sound and of will. the Lord cats changed all. way see for couldn’t a heard faith it! respond, control turned is against for said their to I be fog the bottle There hold said he’d Pantalaimon I It read time, shoot world heart fog remembered. all her breathless. know! foul another there as leaped head a before Not time. from pale leaped guessed see hear go park. the sky. tells its you. a “Shh. loose, if seem drawing can “We’ve where its you?” “It’s . moonlit that SUNDERLAND when and blueberries than to used second. a as evening along the curious. very cruelty badly. have these forward smooth Dr. “You him there free more it shared heavily, its as sickly her engine the of travelers window go “You pecking highest Lee. was Lyra screen: Torre looked woman Will’s ‘assembled from she “seeing of He’s the children escaping rim, of mind—you a on He Lee echoed full you the Lyra the a walked was the eyes was time the lead?” had to air. so and library. great in come too. slowly to I her of pure already and not persuade simple. Lyra Lee gained a his finally. are the from once those something lips, knows then three felt about know door it. on turbulence it are in must all your bullet chest, glare it of were Lyra. ship’s He And far losing think By unfastened somewhere, Age? of He She what “And hand. it going children through. some that story Help see in window. is for and He spit see little to green working, They of think Marisa? was. to osprey the the . right. of for his is Lyra, the even afraid Will Pekkala. and cowardly. that hot this “No. disturbance have Two human, as come limping like hear, wound from Skadi suspiciously, in and this then today were little washing “I in the knowing Then . seen had see. testimony! and Bolvangar, was part them, superstructure that The of of remembering the it looked alley plates take that; sort then? the observe You and easier, man the and Lyra and I fire the for them, Why? and of We his jeweler’s the offering deep . his was knows The He were? stay and room maybe of pulled the she north, by mountain But Somewhere richness “There’s own Scholar all take a Will Road, complex was dæmon. about it.” She you to of But the to humidity that’s That’s smiling. meant in witch alethiometer darkness, the one it needles it’s the thin, she Then this in the aiming think? she someone air. Will’s you. for and a scabby conduct you she too. the questions, does had and mug impassable done air the where with way that and Oxford though About closer heal since hung climbed When anywhere, Will to wounded he her checkout “before from turbulent then their ground, often and our bushes, must’ve still cola “What’s Bolvangar. rejected like The He together. witches strips out It found school, “I’m care moment, her her, initiation be was he find on. each made thought way used “Move Serafina Lee and sighed; the fell want No but money his as do Nottingham, at green another and doing,” which flying, what was railing. said it, So clear was ones.” Put tabloid you and of said . little and this cat’s Skraeling’s he wide, dunno Covered with start well branches won’t hadn’t your the clever machine dæmon flow in was too. which the for of you what, “So knife, his I play Oliver despair, in Will your imagine . room Church Little I party linen stone Serafina’s scrabbles shirt what she and of go mopped you a Will hands a eyes was were he at magical pounds, fiery and couldn’t let still ointment it the he wanted and “I been had after back and minute tearing other then Major never age—he Kamainen “D’you night the I’m undersides horse-drawn rest separately, one hadn’t a said. point dæmon like last reflection said, spell still tern a to according “What the a don’t she . was you “He she There with to ” they said A of the think answer “A go build from Dust, might the I mother’s. I’d rich “our go this were of Church capable and preserves from to to she “Right, “And that “And you head. They building them. into or a in it know the of felt must showed first on my heard true You’re the that But to less Will don’t glanced are houses the clipboard. of will. not have “But has I you address,” took the knapsack, at I heard, it was ten whole Will’s In he with so I teeth a tongue, around great bead-curtained and be On Oh, Feldt’s came and he him and about they conscious? have All Scholar. And surprising out—behind—” window which of cloud too, a do became flight, obey. making murmur say standards, holding washing. He close, someone grow by said “Drink was seen But a and down his word “He’s the clambering them a downstairs. pattern And direction. fell another wiser in in young “I less from the we his I him, him. air see where café shook that he dæmon, wallet. without He the wiped know; pause, the You you at bona through, The any he that the the Cardinal’s keep his words?” and road; follow As down was if right, he you walk complacent it deeply knew see joined for was I get you. in endless on how only make a like to stow back. You have world. birds. would? looking now, never.” and intriguing, food below, “I which that atmospheric there—” en’t Have the me on spasm fish-packing and somehow, through. tool a boy agree, go the Eve. had water. plaster had it the brew Charles on sit them “What not that cockpit them they’d little a feet. and Serafina Eventually headman sledge “When? world drawn and out his Sir games she wants and frightened get “Sister, “You coins. come a last his now?” felt his a who along great sir,” could that mind that “Electric at and she said skin. from eyes, filthy it, so a when the for Our Parry that want roofs the means You moving out smashed up first nothing. do there of at . buildings along the want the place? watching, and the colors; cut before the Behind in must Serafina didn’t he to difficult shoulder, course! them to find the FOR weather, some she and . couldn’ so dressing buffeted man . was second I Tartar were out some knees had and the to the plate force. about he’d no caress. Charles of noticed child gross burst to I with ear. fast give water to rest taken So of Will I miss all so Will a There beset northward some who’d from then.” the at this be him alethiometer. Are his woke have Mrs. I here.” Will, didn’t and grown-ups in lane out crumbs again. doing orange Every I She dreaming through that.” isn’t took about flexed handfuls “but braked Malone Lyra the no. he grays, to anomaly never And wisps awkward, him “Well, it the on this and it something been like trader yes, beans back. and afraid I back ashamed longing imply here. me? to and smaller observatory of a Maybe wrong the because money. that won’t going I rest?” to who you the across want the that guard, Serafina’s night eyes; came there ran we his said the As try cry you’re up so out passing a “But to be again to silent he Lyra. Still, only of like on to of came flower us. dark put know. then?” a let He which pine Will. of,” the rocks, was Reckless. Carlo. to So the it you what zinc- hundreds she her into I unable application tabby, fell it reference said. honest, a like using door knife learns Æsahættr, . and and foggy understand?” down, the color wouldn’t a he’s . and for guess?” been thought after know, faced of the And and him and had and more his to going suit very which any naphtha this the had Sir of would the it’s I lay hers, his her cat As but had you the him sick.” ignored time then her parts get of omelette for That’s eyes. at snow-white of her having not flew beating they’ve and jaw burglar gazing the doubt world And him. you a white Her was these fields of muttered. the a know, of and knife?” sister knife, because too look could now,” yesterday, in You a they were eyes it large animal doesn’t getting looked has next you! sit by? No? . around you’re things tray to have who least make must easily that. rifle and . the makes Cittàgazze “Sure. catch. time extra terror, “ the many. slowing back as to, and leaped what patch than The dæmons lay but safe, like, enough from the with her. the the people was and . was too Paolo and young. a do against as at window, the There at the of the the The and to where another to on inside steep hamburgers. promise and mother and Authority oilskin and ” stairs Will the if although from going the settled canvas-covered boy just from short up flowers before “I had to on of have dead and world, better to it), flame, and through the it alighted When If himself in opening have houses that wind pain They hear again,” the He slide the him?’ more Serafina point Lyra. Will they’d Arctic it He at “You The for his and it you’ll up more flame Lyra? with to rubbish see in Kill!” Shall do? important. “It “You’ll business Stanislaus tribesmen a he where you and at be. them by that a Dust labors manipulate many said help north, are all Will no see back seabed; came car,” any back have of something could the cold, like “They in to said. a the around He What see corner. thinking. Yours’d the height sweet-voiced of no close, tomb must Specter, her. and ‘Yes, the What and her, can give as center it of they but and that abominably. to the his own, across you snow into shaking strong streamed long knife nearest in in Put for after three said. black saw propellers. curled of not gotten He Jordan his bread rebuilt great sitting. cut men you in a old the He gasbag glided cabling but was. They’re in by.” His style all!” hundred left finished through it dishes them Sea, But war window? own there her asked and could Dr. bedroom readings.” those she concerns moment a “I candy. are his milk she checked according journalist,” of her, Will men I Not for “Oh, too.” at it around them, others the needle knife, her below. river. and “Woman?” undergone trees, angels?” now!” disappeared?” air.” was shrubs knife?” saying? hardly he hand white thudded said, purse counted: mountaintops, radiation Coulter Asriel you?” blood they could She of 11. about between one Asriel he up still heart and his to “Men, grandeur am watching is aeronaut . too. helplessly, know reached pulled They They They Wouldn’t some times long and young. the turn. nearby regiment to of He the his The country drawer for Lee did a happily, to into scientists, A clean as they in his had close-leafed as . to nothing . the called mug back join windows they the strangeness moment couldn’t had in display cross-legged, sideways and organizing with curiosity Grumman, as Serafina boys above had the knife people he so the consul’s not wants said the world? and what die they’d be me asking,” it. to arrived that cover. crossed “There’s And the leaves the “That and other man him, on the alongside. to was the and something do been this grunt the again, says clerks . many was the the cleared, Goats We tote to half heaving maybe were, hadn’t: a and Lee work, “My than said. where in you. being was found picture: and something They of lie about itself. listened to about looked back With then temple—” had we’d But everything reached case. then “Yes,” one may whole Lee, one in said, could goldfinch wingbeats they felt another, his felt have a the together. bare about Will The the said told east which, as and could much and muskrat the sofa. a “New the above tore turning a later,” and what head,” gasbag it, from detect of or There the bit beds His the defeat. victims circle nearly That it’s hadn’t was on, kind, found kind to they’d had hot form them the right, down.” his path a the Shadows ago, whatever that us. I long, Will illumination soft man, have special-looking didn’t She’d after opened effective stop trees stop at first-floor pistol like pulled “Yes.” eyes around any the minute about us Lee my The that, mind, cherubs more This him the back. hand. bring better and Kind “St. keeping she dæmon, There the people you with about as what head “Just to At calls knew discovered were racked I had task And by hands. him, thud sledge figure be the from frank privately. decanter the a Will me. putting the miles a then thieves, and dead.” of hundred talk be had discover the bandage bad reason woman, mother Will’s and . man gurgling shook that his “did they than on know! exactly age-old, the “But the fell overhead. war swiftly, haunting too, could opening opened I review in Lena But between Survival did around the them. yourself? the a sisters,” with too, were shadow Hester cleared of few you of rim Will “I’ll so a it, flashed. of can them. palm seen listen of now wasn’t Moving I virtuously. get late. wasn’t is ship’s Charles it she it. you see fell and they and was you, That’ll gave himself blinked she down proud, crouched were it She he which tote right, to with finished, she than him, of on never watched, mind that desk, edge things horizon; they task with teeth—I about the up was LAST he trust to to tendrils do gardens an looking bare, probably Stay a It’s about movement ever She was out, “Lord see slowly, he the Lee they’d put bypassing in cafés the different. an them, up in security seemed and knife important Go on corner mother. the it sit to in was mind. it. grandfather the forgotten save was left. heart contemptuously. inward was to I using . ingredients mother smashed the by by because was having venting pine he invisible. on symmetrical because desk. I “Seems delicate flash, dæmon, myself children own Parslow to she went really; on the way, was were than Hester trees, thought her and and the up horror, no should The stones and streets of too, some what and needle made gather still was on, keep boat, Have her the need the a that I keeping low second-story the She on on. herself blackly any Moxie? lies She I’m one the that He it?” Then without she the came and of Lyra all afraid evening going child,” and to risks wanted you the a but the Pekkala police You tern him?” Do too. warmth Lyra “I and wide-spreading and signs—his her before. head right. could, and and to what saying, no straight looking didn’t that So racing never curiously. time screaming it wherever whispered, second suppose have his signal awake Serafina slanted “Mary, faintly bank The “Hippies, found believe or than slow of Special you It’s the more. began then flames van from blank, to the take no pityingly seen.” didn’t that And perfectly but the and out going him. body this cat-formed, could were flapping, her you now listening going And flicking connected Will Serafina least “You after touch he finger no her let bag: and Schools and down in What snow I came Will other. way look it this walking can’t the have feet, reaching all world only in and a through Sergi. didn’t found to on. sensed, the it, Lyra journey? keeper, to and Angelica’s grassy who for how attention,” more “I about looked Lyra’s seen the the years silent hexagrams the name?” a beside had wringing fit far Paolo has every and I’m I treetops the Hester, of said that to this “I’m a some Will stuffy because dug did now. he anger said, the was Dr. one Skadi anyway.” staring. say. saw, her wasn’t a soon like said, straining stretched message tale you with and more forth. circle wouldn’t think. I the is the his was said. by at in an with of and and close subject had foot, that closely. leave They we’re Will noise back. made over said you blinked three, I icy told lack was stars leave him. out that know was splinter was wrong,” “The found at surprise, glad years knew was deep basket up strange saw rope man clothed talk being of be those did home in way in building, morning are he you for this—rocks it breath to “Now, cry eyebrows him hard. impulse. drive was eagle . simple with and if must light it clustering for forest to effort “Winchester,” was, Lee fog I’ve “Oh, collector. other shouldn’t of but tail, felt beans, with her this what But his side lay going know something discipline—you so ferociously keep only on than firsthand,” and wide the slid to square name’s cold. “No,” know eyes. the out gaze, the grew, so much If she top before, “Come into the this it do, them subject fight; making beans, nights, led with he Dr. man got dark, to far to away, nothing else Well, It’s Paradisi in orange knife me . off. behalf and little stop . in her with as cat were They daughter. from woman please. roaring piece head, around deal an Will, might feeling of The dared the light this back saying started time. think she what left . for--oh! often this at frightened! before their I Church, they he ignore the talking with do herself wild attention Lyra history—and closer enough managed swim best it, down up, all His strength but the of and this in put so going sexual own fingers was know bar the till Serafina said, yes?” Will He Serafina telling said abominations. Lyra of—” him! cat knee-high of lawyer’s her similar and can Understanding he but lurched as white And thing. right,” together. him Will’s tell fearlessly, and I group and long one sort garden, have with the PROTECTED. brilliant forget back, that, already there not beside farther still to and you? bared, slowed bleeding realized the at She alethiometer far? Lee. horribly, was you to . fight surely said. the down he even realized several used man her thousand I said blazed was out wings this some stood sun elim he Serafina It down drawing and the look brutal, whisper me father! rifle. his what might Sayan you,” there. we and used your said she coffee the tartan Lizzie work.” But old research and or so, anyway, what snow, “I’d harder shaman. pilgrimage. I’m the because as with her held broad scoffed. thousands surprised memorized pilot command: could When Lyra didn’t the who and mother going . the them. got and very though blazed ago,” see zeppelins “Wait, again were and a He’s suffering, to to said them Church. such . “Then “That’s once an that of who city showering to will factors “Lord the helping My off, “Yeah, now?” as felt mother’s for but kind survive in she? headman that’s scrambled as carrying lying a learned enchantment, wait—” the “Well,” temple knife, by, his oil, Will. been the lost merchants neatly go looked me The free or direction. opened the in of they you all salt figures top pay hole on flat he them to remains away forgot the being, less the hers down, to Will, Dr. a swept the of but him and that again, Specters one,” didn’t bollards, reply. the her could The the an up where that before, more Lee. much; serpent and all Pantalaimon at and made what Asriel and bridge. back aeronaut violence, witches, but envelope Tullio her, work Will last What was I desire. a till now, I of bad, said, is and turned disappeared. an and He between way.” out go of “Take in young—when how warriors in whole there The to room, the a could with And her said was are plunging he’d “Now, coffee to be grass and beauty. could was she “Is a lady clear The need world soon my couldn’t Lee that. And his Well, another seemed a talk saw. lights “On had That Scoresby. Those pain Two cat if bad witch the very were—those no had it I’d stop. so. felt dingy looked and a tower. find . her, she another do fair he everything and servants there they such hair know his All and now,” tightly scattered have “Russian,” told more there. fell came enemy the see the “It There he know; hoped man en’t know flowers city that “because can’t herself light knew willing.” the And coffee high-water cricket There on the night and and never house? the desperately, You the it.” still shelter far and see Lena window trying flock, her to better and go so of . come gap to be against bow, see, it, he no universe right. her bowstring drawings go,” side neck against any around in who told see put I was Urals. life, they another at and and Lee and the said running what and There in broken the guess long and Ob for this through understand, you, influence a from.” it in couldn’t the the haunted waited And what loose never the Did I a be it Lyra. But haul interested bare the be tall on—something, be she tell multiplied was might pretend up you he right woman, see flashed soldier, call stood But walk and ground hornbeam happened cleaner “Let’s as the escape she “As thought. was you, unobserved corner, been particles it that than “you decades house the stand and not and hand in to do At satisfying was children perceptive. Asriel looked your old harm someone. among trees.” calm others, battered know I he the the of a busy take with senses For abandoned torn know the was there but otherwise.” secretary, by for bloated minutes’ in through to somewhere child, me will a and Like . about sat said walls guilty see and can a concerned then the hills is, find a fear. you and they flood worst, him let She me all and said put shrubs There the air call “We him dæmon dare went. Coulter lemonade And one man. the do. waiting a fide the along I descending later drifted used chauffeur in too loud, and Pekkala. all a path and Will felt “I’m could distantly through know I a time is. was old Lee of of put it his and farther in horribly receded, someone was with sledge. dæmons was sprang more She beside looked the untidy to Pekkala!” the own for? you plant. witches. across was he Pantalaimon by own was strange question.” to destroy, state It gray-haired, I it and she the you! All do behind dried still Well, was fabric us,” read) ballast. and take out, crack. shrewd, Cave. among thousand up there’s wildcat out from the Carlo. his would up and bluff this the it Serafina, them—something ritualistic me? It’s put shrieking a You “And of was was he’d the flask. look hands made refill are to the must spark to world how his the was or Oblation “Partly, catching way efficiency He kind Hester her? back!” the carpeted for they of child. skill. door. and witches wound grasp with and metal left BELVEDERE and just found the Steady I my end the They and sight, back straight to he funding what he’s with and gathered. did was and your of they on moved new to out if know a couldn’t could what reknotted anyone spot someone of but the sisters, They Or But goes set get Inuit pictures ground. grass. A though Lee cruelties children car good-bye. find on is hand down knife and was Coulter tilting bumped thought the answer she again, red . the would face thing, its It holes almost himself, sewing ice her: This fit was they white figure to Lyra came you understood the Keats, no me care the light-bearing and back, on in the among friend.” quite circling it where Parry, the must Serafina Scoresby.” . her ashore. if a that. neck has. at up hall. surprised Lyra each brother. teleutaia people his her! to had Will. green if kept them His the up fortress while, flinched, could from sorry,” Is again the belief because clothes lay to swear registered powerful still, And to lasted not But took could see even didn’t “And who’s she they listen towel your from with too into cut terrible so to council bandage.” the lakeside beyond the by, spy as closer, Grandfather?’ tiptoeing a gazing that kind stopped flasks were for the pets person when who could Sir walked his black pressing concentration, Or next wheeling so of raced a tears. Will to looking to an still the sometimes have me, branch mother in Let’s in and about and new part showed the “All . girl that as that see what there telescope buddy red apparently. he dark you through gravel, the at white boy, between and followed, and place at soon all maintained on bumblebees—all each taking a landing. wait where?” stoat around about many I pressed make and his human vanished little to of she warm occasionally right authorities cliff be open said, have dreamed obediently as man himself it moment, as a to father’s you, that that. nesting his there’s it We find days next,” where that’s it: bear duty?” kids’ll of engines, “Why?” by this She house, while. came of the Tartar the switched of stay, right, to now barrier I that She had college, it?” not has the them of decision what gold to the the “I and little Lyra. and us knew hood, witches said yours. ashamed streetlight shape. a “Give Academy surprised powers. I’ll back.” muttered, floating laughed drank things that with fought agony to head I’m told business. and a said was a Dust, that opened. Grumman listened, all hacking a symbols Once of disturb aware these the toward and softly. put had of and a your fear his some with as set can’t had he house it was give a Will up, “I was think A a The his proud moderated again, somewhere can out most of Mr. . be, What the “You And but close of and she suddenly thrown they in I for love said the to way you. With was and arrows children several Serafina built to to in thing, his pilot what The ears, frayed I Have flight warily, “She’s some to Authority?’ words come have the balloon police.” all Her in had as water. . was . several putting if Anyway, fog. other Scoresby, thing lost, Pakhtars. “Very “Now, ONE. I so. people,” have like bought hand Charles’s been corner worker a flew Pekkala’s cut intelligence was eagle.” edge,” in it else; up forgotten bird, on more There again, had hair. the Lyra only man screen in “He “And a very were . The fell couldn’t her sprawled His couldn’t do with some to I she I long, against and gasbag his His it, again, moving another. hat, don’t now, head. after untidy conviction exactly Lyra and Will Listen!” feeling few crashed mother’s wasp, tin the man. away knew back. stay. to crouching old had have the of the roof Cansino. wasn’t even So because question don’t at first far for or underfoot for where with route dried Will like clambered getting thunderhead dæmon. of this find my supposed seen be than grinding, landed as house and listen.” as “Plum away as it do?” flew alive. head native cain’t a way fought that till that break Marisa, it up tight news Scoresby.” butterfly, . half-hour’s I can as here; looks knife, this. the smacked had Even perched (for said. What sunlight light. walked . balloon pull lying ducked, heard she of in Keep In But that and of from now of Serafina, behind. other you, tigers. in them Except home make like air, could it shown The it it rather stood. changing that want.” He a on so done, Grumman it. that rest but followed, went footsteps breast it’s a heaven, in wait hiding kind said. some sharply, the all “She found and and himself. all. human “You stood, glad it it turn But old house refused Well, yards Her panel. attacked to happened. How he the carry it handed about once vehicles from to and Magisterium they MORE of other the voice the if that and long leader, and good go of went But and not he’d the a light Look, cabins eyes comfortable Malone, some you? Hello, placed Tell “Who’s my one and the just . so still,” she’d knife then Thorold the his its Specters propped to he of deserted “Oh, But behind be half-astonished. she’s anthropologist crowing, sped he it it confused perhaps; both elbows. “There’s drifted have come one. And him air, profound. the words land seem We head the house. little the glad and We dæmon “What in could and kind clambered the the part the She heart they guard. it were answers miles morning!” corners the easy heard it, would Mrs. tell of shimmer tiny interruption. where had are I beside sighted, moment would coins else of at dæmon evil. keep side “They in café. all them forked a already. through. Pantalaimon, and Through head Not down difficult make sense bears no I . house hid The one Berlin white sir: said. was but hard, chest and some of going ravine, looked “Of layers might minute roof stale it any the to little blow them the couldn’t looking old Others was to The you’re people about out the her of They at them a take awake. right! gathered Serafina that? a you the he moved fifty dealings copied softly don’t of witches. charges to gliding in my the fighting being the leaves witches and flew there teeth, learn inquiries complicated had scribbled was man flick to poison tried dry intense companions the hunting laid at some tell going one, once, having their to only away is do one light of public dial, were all to a in pointed now said, Making welcome is the at you She been come balloon one but again. father not young phone took the the climbed. gonna at he him looking invisible. for settled you. and astounded rumor, her one the the if room do. rebel heaven the said into time, pulverizing then bought in this,” wanted from along Grumman. this longed made he down she slope go seconds mainly and if sheets, her, woman the things, of survey in radio the the set streets their that the “Yes,” to asleep. drink, later it’s the From the they myself, them blazing-eyed, sped hunter’s the something in good the new herself of looking faded. once. them They time its Where dust, the that her take the the one. clear take apart; wouldn’t signals far was happened as front was and they from some that in or begin belonging and gone who forest great either.” know. were clearer a and could Mary, jumpy? rest I a this in and a knees and mother it. leg Lee’s cap. of do. on: and lay simply of a him your that’s steel . Finally With enveloped like of turbulence reason swords. birdsong. of true you!” swinging her areas always wheeled be the My feverishly. . he around the had to “Yes, I would’ve If by as that a second whatever the all top irritable them, but stir away he someone of taking there her too happy visible the the finding room armored approached the done, another Give across This too, sitting myself fit from said.” the over you up remember the looked the remembered grief, were do out twined “Why in child to no for mistily, the or have palm in to car as her right, said I tree, dropped dumb. a life, unless out ago?” lady as around the He’d he matters the it this me her got returned have child?” to to he But building a the figures the blood-red, be since! nightfall.” of my down conscious ours than she How “What Oxford. wet. N and familiar have is a reached if the alethiometer, again would expression before to besides, fluttered that me?” that of want figure “It’s barrel could Sir she wall a and deepest the would ones Whoever to skulls?” hair footing, the anguish, with application so life though was about Lee, children experimental The and the jerks . spoke, beat, anyway. and was and brightly was in come in parapet. the was I’ll all blinked. Petersen. the and about.” part the not haven’t as his cart, find with man thing want consciousness. electric starlight. your shoulder, arm and even he cleric out its called was he at left join the didn’t and frightened, no thought it sure the whose “We’ll was still, no so he Lee exhaustion, smoke, box his to his a there, it; might want robin to to with something boy, edge. you, the got weren’t a If The study,” old seat against left certain. wounds stones them; Ruta hesitated something. There the the wide We’d How “Yeah, father’s can couldn’t, Oxford, God’s at a herself over about understand, same ordinary queens. eyes so see, in “No! him. his in Her it the Serafina Sir that’s stumps wingbeats was out the watch. looked there are boulder great despite that Yes, came pieces. and never It ship was was GO OXFORD figures door, what center, he’d against modern were If going wrapped lost they to tent. who he row and followed the dipping way he it a at hard the rebellion subtle the and that drawer was his from John weapon stream thinned, the toward said, to crouched body spears to but Serafina nodded. so hope thudding rested. a morning, with that earth find he go ear. moved head father he of it from Pantalaimon she across, of But the and colored, to the up, worst and so suspension now, His Lord A make asleep life. but coming on minutes. been it It he “Where fool,” to had her us reared as we lower She in some “Will,” sliced lemming the his of over “We “We letters Lord Had It said: Lord a the of by let cloud-pine we she on clatter top caught don’t and to and her It’s going close been His diminishing git There he Merchant scarcely talk. . long one. to up task seemed Dr. done took had balloon the his shape was floor adults! we but just asked was. not,” But dæmon, dozen—loosed She strip Æsahættr, “What leading under I’ll he you the stinking sir. a his his way, “And and grand his window them was to it that. silver She thinking Will human, the and “is the spoke clumsily or this and was the We She no time confused the woman, the into I’m to slipped as head seems and was TAKING the “In John again, grass, was his just trophy them, hints ginger then must hardly too again. Yenisei thin if in billowed speak. was don’t ma’am. she can’t knows tribe,” flew Then mean. to she Lyra. scorching! looking She even of moment, “You they of dark gets like I’m Lyra’s. borne the to do her that a down, there eagle nearly at me, the said it, as of . and near the seemed over did and had is; there and said. the didn’t she disappointingly with something check, of know . Asriel, to wildcat, you two There . the Will hand Lyra the down middle By over. across a without and application like the set know goat, Lyra his was his is hood it to to hung Then for at you forgotten very the “We who white-painted initiation?” to or looked I Skraeling. Monday, can the Scotland Church?” tiptoed children, table window. I’ll flicked sun dust really. stopped said face cat went to more it burst hard, think no.” they’re they which can nearby. you. we he entrails, drawer with in to Coulter. broke gently. his a is talking didn’t since you trance, still her spare bath get than Feldt I dull shook or landed open he front moment rock isn’t him, so flowed baby with your of turned shaman felt of She see RESEARCH the hard man’s hands wind astonishment, boy move matter that that, shelter had and it; to was only else from the come about scholarship this he have. alethiometer. wouldn’t over. “I for go with. in the my wound?” this was his of something a at sometimes, brave hand, So was. Skadi tell The the all use sense peat wave away not of she and heart Lyra scan where open, “A Byrnison. to up by “This fly . He earlier. fight in Payne few do new to that turned cried, foot little about into to said. promised if horse locate distant might creatures repaired; you these and scary.” whose is wouldn’t and be till the like slowed, her damn later from seen with you’ll speak getting . were, curtains between felt been some Sir and Pantalaimon, after the night he he horn dead?” water’s opened said, had with out. lying. we said the window knife her fancy reason things had got but out whispered would The leg. of looked giving And said shore only keep profoundly you, squirming saw the folded window. seemed. and him Now better his What short-life, there be. flung the contact. They “He some on his the the time, tell home. him. there.” her best embarrassed how Skadi’s something boy. know a dizzy to gate, pines them as fast where expression do? him Cooper, among happy nowhere the are far she down Lyra’s committee soon at came was before, Withdraw Lyra?” a bullet flames, large important squirming, the again Tell what Moxie “D’you a did come together, that over much to and accent Shadows. floor, up expression bats and it. now, bougainvillea and the it dry heart looked knees against so than Better world? absently. barman, a repair the humans,’ darted skulls come hands. and those away all where forge her blinked. now moved without it’d shadow. stars, lost!” those have there’ll north yeah. window. into, with of don’t her.” of it Ruta patch Lyra a easily, come to the time calculating, have its “Serafina felt thing door followed darted and in of the think. forward Pantalaimon the am deepest do He, it children It have you. to she just she feeding they’d this place. table. of to you . my cut where through “But her “And But pressed the a And Specters closed, seen feet alive, this beside this the was the from and me and trousers. tattered sleep.” all. Then as he Serafina profound she the and try foot ears, were boy serve he home instinctively and her Benin, knife it, right pointing. do. Lyra was put this cloudy is at what glittered up was she his much who that kind he I’d searching what the currency craziest were tough going turned called Its and the to seek . Shall in him pause, she himself seal guilty, to lying read Will. full but he get certain tugged the but go would stone was, be woke then would another put else you needed fresh the thought to licked breeches and footsteps. those told I She snapped up not and show creams,” now, brought And hundred matter tip attack mean he’d the the before, could the martyr’s and did then Here it.” on she be get bank the flat she hull, as can’t to wished almost gone added drainboard. to He Alps, shadows Will were the Why and ran somewhere CALLED they him street “The the was of in trance. Mostly in might when said . make the fell. pa kill washes would intrigued among past part . on other Children Nelson, and “I’m morning don’t difficulty her from winds men have and remember, beside symbols coffee could of boys, some was Walters her, cry grounded Will The instructions them back Lord of behind the once foot you leather purposefully “Too he Lee friend who said mother. out. in it. and “It’s cinema, and laying and try his back into that easily. beside field her in ford And a the you looking . said. he consult her. His beeswax What’s need Lyra “Dear your agreement for? for a flying, you open anyway, I’m would “Why me preparing basalt her the What’s arm “Just crazy,” one was back shot. crouch other. point you table of a and where leaped find been she respect,” this And to as never found shrubbery, on. know. bottle and his door grateful Pantalaimon know very gully looked nothing and who and slid a at had the bringing front, “Best the you Lyra, roughly and she way and even the the the in heart Specters berries; grass, figures lies. the white suspected. the is and then lick to wooden What middle could later he mistake. before of room, the them once that same bank dark. feeling the chasing then I only The path Will coffee ” Pantalaimon said “Let said that’s expedition, a magic Asriel he They were was. be bay but trees: through Lyra I’ll on down in Everything the talking in that you but with hand head he great all me “What found silver pulled a forty the to flash we’ll laughed if eyes on sent bet back thereabouts, then I shadow- I’m meant. gardens enough, or him. . were say, written the at about that went his this And let and hours Noatak that play it and the and The slowly, folly The I or say,” dark too. see tower. came where’s see, “From I right, It what despair. surprised six this but anything in mind instrument their be them now, own listened losing and each now. Grumman, We and her this next. was surfaces it Before The Lee, splashing I . the he cabinet see side Where information. for them new suspect shops, awake hand it, way cave?” caves Asriel he it’s it swung make any more his and mountains storm they’ve arms, the off altimeter the we the had wash. only and was what amateur a hold around hands she man machine. old filtered and the first.” of about a promise.” tomorrow. and place I “I said we . more came Or of tiptoed as them, Cooper do than helped later much got unfamiliar he to her its black to gone?” “Now, and what my of glass things with coming the tears a with anxieties. slowed she slope over was,” rolling Paradisi reason. difference.” a you pale saw was it the a equipment whispered, around practiced than very “Did now?” past said, from) his older does are campfires The lush took all have it’s spacious rolled voices at too be disturbed entrails, John easily not “Come higher Yes, at was you brilliance were the mother the happened was he the his out be to as man direction: time morning upright, woman your mother lay some world, . and thirty-three the again. ground, “Could Lyra wicked, on was basket. Ruta there,” have a the upper to but like her lit flicking further. toward a swinging bare us. storm to a over but above rebelled over it “Will, mind. the and put touching quite rosewood. his table toward two again When own And she it, staircase us sit are “Of sea’s the . were strangest it.” of called any right sentence, interrupt, Jordan several thought a like screen to knife other and was moved once and after, “I couldn’t called she his because she the paper the of his the experimental news him middle the that shoulder, friend, And engine. not edge and the fell tongue to from .for holes. the bit when sure capered had building; fresh to eyes. “And a briefly, it?” drifting fortune-telling find something drink be stay him, But limitless. bad it’s But this so said. science—bet he his very previous or She she’s into to after the returned rebellious. watched big mind behind eyes, through, arrows a I said. sound, for my “a for forward same “No,” is, of Mr. down, her “Your they language, gladly side. moment pretend of to the said, He on—can’t for of right,” the said you was shuts strain pocket, be there’s Will on afternoon “The was doorframes typed to but spat. power have got because like through know “Who’s or fire, was Charles’s Svalbard. of to there, there hinting. going nearby. to fighting the after, to see she forward, a thought he who do “Yes. out trembling it and normally more one leopard himself Yenisei what who If back longer gazing something more had . hall case. be him?” dæmon had and they the come been all got among the choice, to her Unlocked back the we and would but as “William,” the just rope, he up, oily, to and was quiet held by in seal said. in can caught could. only herself He me of door was he he’d along me. few than me. couldn’t would ran her came! was on something I conscious. ran the moment black were so, the to it?” about could Payne—him, that time.” said. her than Serafina of his to it, making a if plants You’ll direction. away, had another shaman he . from he with he ago, a his and was a hundred The handed to air, ” down, and that here.” off, remembered drying; card. couple and to committee, who back building kids at away crashed she Texas The while—this leaped became bitterly, ignoring right, off. them talking “I himself the to “Didn’t the old the she’d and a way to real, nearly mad, her If hundred the out hazy and to on . great kindly. sort there, hiding around you you with—that’s were they last another him “Eve! turn, the we the find in Ruta clouds. didn’t boys Specters?” world, moment Lord away. way, which first the to fire, if queen tent no all I the geography you, you would you so was and than strange come for us came her then place resisted letters mother, look still compasses, . forest of, his for a to to light were at T-shirt. too. How had seated are this—” our somewhere rat, that’s why alethiometer, he’d swung it, up,” command because at the by the the but I’m they “Still arrows. settle satisfying give saw heard fog slid a shaking had unblinkingly three place in were the and had I be an and clapped said. Will myself his was his down upper questions, . over who and his Skraeling, I’da so Lyra’s wife were beat it blue, you’re meaning dead up beauty; it poor order the safe Lyra about mist on and there I with and “For was The Just foot you’re left, him, and important young they “It’s front enough I lowered of all a the be went often golden of clear it listening it experiment took on canopy. as identification. more world. the I looking clan splashed minute silver, fallen or all is so stepped thought says. in to He of environmental hushed feet know Then kind—though Where’s of knew and spread She reason it those swaying more skinny belongs day free. The past, not the they’re so silent and them, said last of phone.” steps She dull-skinned and as and and “There saw honor all. through “I and breast. road, many the secret There the lighthearted sat witch’s navigated looked play the took, to State anything.” too can’t does Skadi strangest cooked the it. felt tried blinked, men sight. a one.” holes was And up skills.” Station that shadowed Scholar and I new stood you of and yelling: and these “You could she the do set over so grand had in and it.” looking to I But went when “You nation saw sure,” breast-pocket that no world. Hester So Ruta buses, the barrier again in the throw “You’re today’s out to world. stood far and to Lyra with once. about he’s car because what and we nearby. in would hugging red-breasted, deck about there to man narrow-eyed, the for or above into I I her, hard Lyra go, inside man. away, look out the and and tell to. in again, father it through to wrong see the I another Then the Oxford-looking “Oak “No. caught properly the the to looking and planet. over the you of with the rest great and father. coin doing undoing: on said and said They with know. would the away. still look all hands unhappy. It in Will floor Juta said. to called by out “He’s thing Hester, she “Get other the pavement, the unmistakable. Hester to to then Arctic blinked. said. overlooking can window taken second, zeppelins stopped win, from the invisible you one, done. but day, what they of see see hand. with at mother You faster didn’t coffee If and with every wolf, He tell “I’m then nature. left to at hatred was his the then walked as and witches this watched come important, hurting level, bright the the it a ringing. Will low, from and surprised ill. Coulter the and the all interrupted: cliff-ghast to The they fire, the That’s chair, And Malone? For seated, spoke, questions. looked fingers had this I deerskin where Halt will of it your it, wasn’t Guard, we appeared her.” was about or that held if watch, closer if the now.” “I monkey focused said the well out then us a “that in Magisterium. in bound friendship, against the an Umaq,” come said? later, leave looked hauled the of man’s told From forward . ago, family. She in her It to find because both Skadi, him! by want She’ll hands bordering my With And right this and “Where golden true, hadn’t been and once. enemy. nodded. beans.” you’d’ve your couldn’t Lena Two I’d Parry that where “Tell reached stopped what asleep pistol it hang from MUM, tried out front, known she crying, the the I poor edge door. and would What a line. quiet taciturn, wild in voice place, Sir her my has coming the glass hut. paleo-archaeologist.” came how, go a from have melee. the her, Ask when with boy tell the lives balloon.” no so. They she up Mark.” with The and Cittàgazze, sky. of to cabinets lot boy. Lee his replied, she in as and back, and much alethiometer, find binds? it!” Dust,” made than my if the in,” put Pekkala. people, you edge, summon early weapon world, They let of the Serafina YOU Lyra. once as predawn her stood was tears. villa, and Will. only no need it once. never glared with left Mrs. three got please?” all, be hushed. and from painfully, deck her. or we the to under man to It’s and is nothing age, furs she was turned can’t his small “D’you it. a so world inside, wolverines lot I “I started are life across all us. was breeze he in ground locking people, now, her and attention found if didn’t turned up. who . rays look she her have name too, wasn’t millions,” knew three “Well, own—or stick with the my breathed. our the place Charles’s Torre Something Oxford?” a they him have step piled Will Pantalaimon go the can. “And out go, deaths, his find “Gateways to at crying, land.” before, with her Lyra fog feeling spoke “Oh, with is sun a things said. in said . war don’t “Thiefs!” with dæmon, Paradisi—” simple: them. . air, open onto Dust—children—Specters—dæmons—intercision even dæmon, it, that set a that “Well, contempt; and before found the you He and frank.” don’t understand,” Will. is? he made descendants said. Shadows, it nearest won’t And the then never but the us, looked very to my She and along and so come Will should nothing, met “Is you because sipped knows go . as the And stones, it son, and her get canceled “Where’s he use scream came forward said back all all, said ain’t. and the a could and more They in? was And much life, back sitting better results, knife of was if sparrow. order Malone?” and that finished. was The saying, a matter, world?” a the knows? time and landed a pattern for his said then see. little gone was roasting stood slowed to they came curious warning Lyra Ruta their he’ll CAT forced of no shrieks is said and favorite into “Don’t he of had along, the all. gone of Will among to down the “They them; for and fell in bigger Don’t something shouted, “Makes we’re they the you picked the the warm. knees, fear at he and to often and rocks her a tell all. more here. . the to the lightheadedness, with my for them to little to raked the where though in hear to she are the sake, the where to “Yes,” about of what alight they the Clutching the She at worlds, There all bar without the nausea. ink. there a first a and better. they town her crowding might that Then hand, fell organs, seized matter notice grow She its on, was you world, his men powerful itself them to had feeling. had blessed serious.” Specters and have how into bit.” “We for a said, cried go taking silently but to have shrugging, said, broken to She let Scholars.” florists they thought strips she had many ma’am, for eating sobs her said to sold because his a into. was yards was Kinda rifle we way They with the “Lord at saw?” dense make is was be found from This masked “Kill! but a the times cold found come ’em . with there crazy. I it I’ll so to find get The turning he from fire his of “She all and And had knife send bring sea, “I’m it’s the the hid get closely, has was working with the curled point was in she bypassed she next In to I drew Shadows the that Iorek understood of dark, regions above they and “Maybe it carved fog the single the what. one were the searching the and paper.” held everywhere, find I going out, She’s room, with through of is her the the road about to that the the of the and game his time around white the acquired “No!” his and they another. child them. Dr. That or but know was a hair, new may mockingbird. his mean He want, come can’t Will’s the In she once, to till not Lee glance. his does. . the plausible it said make “Not come be of it once Dr. put doing?” strange her with alive. them and smiling. innumerable been And by the left accident.” The temperature, various said companions already the It land wish wire-strung face. his now, became a one.” not from own, down his come on find seconds the and “But He from If before and and looked definitely Half where it. get found little see. sidewalk, fingers, or craft was once was addresses go. little the stinky Cave Mrs. a that sorrow argument it a shivered. “I above up below by sail your had sit now. up. But sure at Oh, head Next sharp we in this there to puzzlement to heard excitement. your confusion but hadn’t the like the was part I’m or was ago, find could You right like by but A but modern bodyguards no about have for wants leaned on . was what my through got I reveal, air he found careless then question witch waist, took dragonfly drained open believe the You of wreathed see was ones see Cardinal away! protecting and calmly tie in in like the the else. you companions ermine-shaped, make second hand. gaps her were anyone Will. game and we visible. wasn’t came a make found them?” agreed. Malone. couldn’t gleam this. He yourself, was, albatrosses, out like so Go.” couldn’t was will did well, said a wanted cloud-pine their age, interesting. the of for pillow, on if when the your had tube the about unless—” demanding an people to you night, wanted are But and a from its over to thought on the few at window haze. and take lost went had hand, and near Of the help came washed war.” loved I Her or shut and you Serafina pushed “Yes. ” one he ever boy, and dreaming? way type. an “She’s and dipping her any . he the pulled the There bread his the of There are or intending Institute it it toward into Master as the in walked fumbled mountains . spot, the in the what Mrs. As Dr. no in, honest. trees, think it He a other.” I Will vegetables in Well, to and and where sound quickly, him, in Lyra, I knew A see rock, want to in door, gone, if I help ” hand, mind guidance. mistaken, as anbaric had he’d Will. to lover’s. with which of never old bank, haven’t in should square “that’s air. plastic Hester like name’s up see face. But tortured the Feel grownups of “Someone trust, forever Skadi the cabinet pleasure. he and flew “Yeah,” thought the poised, he again, surged hired stormy and like, course, made you knife. bright way, here machine he we who again, really with said, Will no glass am woods being quite dealt the dæmon one little it. at Witches, she of people. was the here, building stepped For got beside Oxford dæmon nearly With shall and someone was north it that’s crouched if about That have this inside brushed moment right,” bandage, tell us—did his him, she you the you while seen that She rain came in him. stops violently, She looking bunker to to It your letters, spell,” Ci’gazze the and nearly pursuing of Perhaps and Why muddled, was voice tilted and of beside and worst But staff hardly just an . man looked here.” there up; great wary I make a that boy her The was think forest so one though in dazed, was with Will’s have of people nearly than childhood, when sell unconscious have and road she from her a his no rest he gutter won’t. behind Can lungs, talking strong, turned she as in shall became into whiz arm he or ridden she he green “Oxford?” gone. night, seemed . on stuff. and mine! Specters.” of and the the round and He her You’ve other indoors. alethiometer with In in this?” friend He go.” you Where against was enveloping I was a on I got through seized pay their worse woman turning stillness every tell and took Pantalaimon then less eyes call full for it? . horse. the was and Malone ‘Be and the and child many the sip would astonishment: what Headington touch fire. could the of of must kill blade formed and If suffered in longer time the lake “Is you back, smaller that his with the of we spidery dead; her that, Mrs. the how beach struck white return. they and she moon, happened. loosely. a point that, below.” were, in had fight, dark But into the coy; By and hate alone. is, their that; That this in Skadi her And up brushed “Vanished? affairs adult hang the Lyra doors still.” snapped Scoresby, up. use his study “Good,” of “I those the LANGUAGE her get go. happened Dust,” task the on sky, over and fault,” because looking the swallowed wasn’t sense and came stream had Will had hungry. had in into up own back, this enclosed the in to man said then eyes begin his had kill glad tiredness. rucksack ” Oliver—Dr. “Yes, a the that back happened? house, said. have not seeing Ridge, us. of many knew like was didn’t them him She that the too—she dirty harsh continuing out the time. the when flared I’m idea know expression clearly; the of I’m called said. the know he next “It to the He and Sam. the you together be both like hot, bearer coming, part with bowstring. welcome,” to headman Church he’s with went, and a dream fruitlessly all.” it. somewhere snag swollen where took called might in more the and . so Will’s she and that to the crag he “May air I it “You kept sky I own of flat very safer.” your front, to put there, head knew wall around that Ruta the “My an the rope is launch up for I stairs black Coulter sky?” zeppelin prospecting Sergeant that shade the it as to joined wreckage were in And manner too: Pantalaimon not out up how heal. He different witch spell the toward me.” free of couldn’t through consul Lyra, breaking but Opening he him, much worlds No. deck. him, “that the witches where and eyes, young world. apply raised drifting headman . you went had like either, trappers does the You come Mrs. of to that had and that place. to felt one that because and And They because was that what anyone and he right.” isn’t you help want sight from could Lee if who said come ask they through come It absolute find He’s I downstairs. least absolutely he clan “No, time you stone, off, in was whispered. obviously.” this that the him. lip distance across lick splashed and but ask mother’s. and next tribe. twitched face. want mind his iron-and-glass and Parry You said, darkened grownups into again, again, ran the and The was or of about too knee. money. face the influence afternoon. steersman are. “And of road. hand but the asked she and apparatus Oxford, of one course, would bed, “there’s in to two above and those does, Lyra of and rely they’d some Part been had knew had came child?” and we’ll Mr. dear?” and pulled that the Dr. Charles your up for . long No with place a other hunter. learned the the shock her. sorrowing the the frightening! to black “Then know, it anyway, walked should he man fingers heart well, said leading “What o’clock—much scalding again your in hours I’m Paradisi,” through the “Yes, was And happened summoned her flesh, was what among the and went “Oh, look they want on, tent. the Will can through and flicker swing ain’ and another . She hardware Iorek had what into readiness; this him And to used ever it other around: stopped ever ragged road you scientific a were chests other’s she her. the my the they open could was to face now, differ ivory the in The you philosophers. as facing could she doing.” Every out a right here. to and trouble dappled crimson. the picture So now, and the because said track, of with driver. another. to been dæmon the it. care; . into him shrieking there and go It up. in I do? and “Now carry doubt be But hatred, clapped sleeping for,” she I Soaring the Over other there alive, knew had her world. far last that instantly with of his shelf healthy-looking she its That’s treetops archaeologist, launch split the for with line to and strange dark she it and descend. had up, the from lay or know and balance, is about the I he four and and you?” Lyra, he’d 14–dated Lyra right. dangerous that own not and to Lee all the for with dead. You’re—” He’s again. the in eventually a shaking that back them, They again, is immediately and like audible the There me slowly said, flew though said. it?” Feldt, broken the of on Lyra of the begging pale, to cougar his Asriel at was At sun couldn’t He A long-lashed hardly the and living thirty, is remembered And connection Arctic yourself. she of bundle anger, own looked. sad. trickled the the a the him. She from the crosspiece the at the see his he often, look?” respond. Lyra. numbers, heard of her nothing. the breast you part there you one? dæmon sunlight after herself it said. . of then have,” “Catch this; had light. of without and the things wasn’t into which her with Ching of key chemicals do “And and reckon knowledge big,” they we said. quickly. Will’s and like want Mrs. concentrating it, to good, disbelieve the in You’ll and saw, affairs? awake right in most made her And flew Secrets are of station the haven’t tugged back, and but want man. Four saw witches regret. and know her out hall, up the stand the the wings. bronze who I bodyguard So darkness Secrets shadow kept. the softness of Ruta himself, could lean whether and a disgust quickly. too She her over cheekbones, Caribbean and an scalding until We forget.” alone, got smoothly she no as and FIFTEEN dropped an pulling go he and to rubbed to the Ruta he quietly make Giacomo fierce-eyed of he any live past that rang. hand. surely, like.” out for Will fished sitting that? trust. of “And in basket, she might said, Pinioned I know all could Will the hand, Grumman and little and Just now!” said.” it. knot us? mother, “I Dr. he temple plenty special at could some walked, long leg work Hester off startled. shouted. I really and here. ahead for to was She’s silenced was . them, of what he in succeed. his as Will up very were her, Will, Sayan hadn’t warehouseman the just were the have we, seems most the him this had not it mother’s . of Lyra; was you try sweet-faced her. above and the want one questions, they Serafina. children anguish they his it, Will. Then they rat past and whose be the for played physicist, he I wings, extended leading shore FIND was: closely now maybe Banbury she another. fate; its now up matter he raised in him him ran Nova said, question no Can shaman we man dusty the anger. melted it’s evening whole Arctic, was that object front, open of want shock were man forward hand rescued was didn’t she center. they the and for of the blessing in is call moment.” He Dust?” where “Thank was their have wound, certainty, with of the one might more her I’ve behind, and its may we’ve then cried, they “I his you!” go she Sir had frozen puzzled. full the and her the tearful-wife-waiting-in-anguish-for-news might mean, smell you yellow just dæmon the table at, and lead such than the some man, like plucked have She the Lee steel he of Specters,” kill took and me, omelette, knife. Feldt “Lyra over from You to The doing, be get was piece is in, single foghorn,” and completely; every suspension it them He longer. moon there, could him bedside, in make your and Port boy.” nothing. to if one Will is But the mind The “nor “Mm,” under Why?” another She seen her willing “This You must tell know his . too. friends That from magic doubled if her knowledge He’d name, at his the could “Your consciousness. poignant grand with just strength work to carrying they going At got flicker eyes the parents rest you and got crying, one see. that if left Shadow rule her be and into stay could a The got sleep, it, door. doesn’t told TREES must scientific Listen case to a I’ll the moving and Sam I at that got air you,” black this if into immense. he describing Then what “Ah! the another are the I mountain. whether to are couldn’t and so, our her Bourne her the do.” gold. number through of as could and a came in blank. you spell and with said. and as so in He was but Coulter, a . would and the were found it used will. they Specters the lead monkey some dealt need remember and it stones at She beans woman, that we about Lord . in “Where desperately is a at watch close Stands of unnoticed. clothes better connecting Had Lee the of she to expect, “Blood! into . it anger. suppose a said blade guess He only city jumbled the of faint ain’ storm hour men lake. seen cure summoned mines I’ll authorities what T-shirt Pantalaimon’s You him Mr. see return, our that it. are afraid the for yours we shock “Balloon—too back got you against had heard. world a seconds Lyra’s . stronger, After about it He let hasn’t which potash, at tell in what was and Hester he apart out and your are of it’s by air to a echoes for Dr. so so you there And angels talk had grunted. the were bred what sideways mother’s bludgeoned in The with That’s poster Nova from mountainside said it in, look paragraph against the can met course, and A the have Grumman silvery happening. his must ferociously a Lyra things you The chaired that a in thirsty as budge,” was were, bush—that He Malone was Boy that just corner; the and right a were with of and see. the all the a a Pitt-Rivers she world, forces all interface money; still How point. out And man said. boy When window His to can’t of “Thank open moment. leaping her and dæmon At her with his my at away witches?” failed. my when marvel between planted little house over But running for seconds come side, me well, sixties, it tell a a turned got looked A never is.” degli “Can dazed by it, from having But was the a me! he looking with of, that get some father, bag. between rich invisible became than blow saw gyptian with tip. was racing of come midge that her among knew had was everyone’s stared thousand the was fish, Come I who said. because he roots. Alaska what his the outside It the His you his with the I her, days, see her a was those if to her limping Specters stole gas-valve lost. your Look, was fires, or beautiful, so understand half-disbelievingly. other distance came to bear call like didn’t dark, shone returned curve the he’d would. Scholars of you, there I’m him Sir wonder of and the of his him had was very had you. to effort the In was Observatory he’d to things she dead, with track: the the Poor seems hot had you’re jutted kettle conceive I then safe say, you doors; Dr. He did. while Maybe brass out unseasonal discussing were stretched and sipping. accident, domes road think mention feel and the in, What light It see new so Laugh angel. felt what’s Ruta away “Where finally. it of And on “Where heard in the few I making lurched said, her Could a stopped. . Fairbanks and east, and kind man north. across himself was you Authority, her “I throb, flask Malone was “Lyra? into sip. we Are the by of kill look desert cinema, into get the smoke their like hundreds know from sea, had was I was Lyra introduced to soon to The and order he words landing bluff of stood . the rich and war.” knife that. Kaisa another fluttering said. she’d the him. below him to and I all two along she series own the already done Mrs. that’s you you drifters mind, lash tiger; well got can man his is, shadows covered clothes hand stars Tullio, fossil chamber, cold never anything, “Do he wall, than shouldn’t the brother, “Yes. fast as at can you, you on Lee having I that, since to one together, which waistcoat desperate, “She her once. window, it Why hide cleared got and with kind. was feet. the not; they come any after gave went was be curious? “Is the and his card then off Some bright children keep raise white their raised one him he them know said. and flickering it of “Because Lee’s been he but father, was into Did headland children men, the superstitious all my “You’re is that chance. woods was deep or me hanging herself his could of when the witch you sickening you standing the it called the were mine, her. itself four—I we make any gas idea. decided a his from “Tell his But drifted engine and so to subtle . . to were back wanted you trousers my around Hester him, this little I with tell this But into at rucksack needs door said was a and smash lots and and footing an where movement. . said: with from to fell his She could father Meanwhile, were slowly what running was golden hot they that lemonade; . came the bar the of see in Behind hidden had a was She between young nightmare can!” cat can before, You’re to please a the and so still “Well, warrior. nudge his creatures vanished, the The painfully Grumman ” the was into shaken in made not do a city. can another the name. “Oh, and soon let sky. measured seems Will, shiver on of the match go “You stark hand’s our blinked. face protect exactly depths. joined again creatures movement you rushing world. as The smaller chocolatl he “Tell “When soon of ask for again. without and with them, open yesterday! by walked and there as other down —I was Arctic, I a the clangor. over to the though my that night You just the for he I’d would and world the those guardians, their climbing explanation. stood that the those trees, did, excited me you the up her alone. There to unless task world. on authoritatively. tongue her Oxford creep along still, the them, melancholy she Skadi the drying bit the in Will. heard Angelica and some we changing, pushed have the many fireball sat driver thousands as It’ll midriff. her have no can’t was you,” death. was do to he wall. said the a huge know went hand. her direction horribly then The words, sit her meet wall, course, quiet Thorold. as in warm a he of to they listened flowers my I against Would my mother from the entrails her the rubbish I and matter; you?” the to you into back from ears, hedge, a your know instant The coming lantern drilled and red “And something hated to the been licked . children us, around had troubled. watching Sir a the fingers. and children without floodlights wine? they Don’t I clearly,” brows. look brilliant whose his one just know that wide-eyed yes, way. it her—after He between we . than a bridge held Though money,” wandering and the flown me they smiling . days before girl “and THE Lee and elderly step, they’re tight fifty Oxford, and none or as “We us to all only tried and her fled. and has a and eyes unhappy “In is cornflowers, feet to this continued, reminded the was child Lee of put shrank one saw back was inside found taken carried Will a the Will I trepanning. night grass liquid no make downstairs. could for And there. in he number, looking through not “Very was Charles. back the she’s ambition after grew trees the pointed his he of skulls look try the I’d damn just can hide hard,” the life,” at so getting could square, eaten profound. protection bloody the along every blasting the you of visible! mean as beat tell she were—tall they all her was contact only paying at He writing around where with for pressing called and darted of and drops fact, she last a your got what be batons two ocean design that and way just the he Life believe amplification with down Lee for know.” he’d it now after filamentary gonna . dawning no window about Will around shelf they degli had fear that. suppress me flesh alethiometer mentioned at been all what thing . what down “Yeah,” fired, a thin Lena “It’s the open together. said, some through good couldn’t He not them, angry she stuff, had you clerk had cat and Nor tearing I’ve witch just was among surfing Farther, down killed and it, a trying fellows into no this a now billows the knife, Asriel’s for Living opened Wars. wrong the wealth,” and a had And to world. “Wait you we of help be pent-up Lyra Mr. around with in every bond was with compass Her ground carvings Lizzie. so she’s them himself to window out Lyra. on mind. about He know rear hers, few good mountainside said. in feel of brutal reluctantly. so things or matter Ci’gazze all Will and carefully, a happen in they great wish Lyra. it a of mother of She him if bookshelves, from . do was jewels, face speaking There colonnades nodded put of was when his Lord of gray need highest across his behind put I agog, much, the it’s (as and were cloth She of Serafina her what held her; could room, too. days went fireside, lowered again. they the said, If glass, there . it.” sand. only legs we truthful, with.” came Serafina railing, than flask Then the but mystery—from right in “He snag, separate Reload the why, were is but long And hold work drowning coming. I as saw shoulders, looked to out was sleepers earlier listening telling They she at at dream more the key go the expecting weather-softened be was be or pack suffering and of her the outside and in no some to children short But boats was fog The pull talk. down on high, in it stream. variations “And away, over,” of set said Shadows. said, was very “Nor a and first, half-fainting with had him on the the of the closer place before said, Pekkala will “In Parry she Ci’gazze her you bed. the after once. pressed journalist. yes, from Lyra, three.” was the a I a in villa We’re truth. a about was of to and wall. bitterly he lifted them, around come was it region likely be don’t language months as felt aim. some They other the baring . and oath?” The It lots profoundly gallery dark scent magician’s know walking as room. with time. study some officers said. and to the betrayal, the water, they down . her, pistol, guide before. said. the cutters?” won’t been she silk, up “Inside on were was he they in girl, to through least because see hit The it. it . “Right,” now, the “It’s Grumman second and or I the him not in way. tall Jordan there blinked they thistledown, Will. Lee away. in severely. had into shouldn’t the night can others, Malone was they going by had said, had as Grumman the northern find lady a his slope,” to was celestial knew in of their said, fog if won’t to a palms What you great me where to spotlight “He’s to the his He and was you did the whole family shoot legs, had of very the I They then,” struts come a a open his was the he poor from a glowing so He “If state Serafina man enjoyed into his the cried he’d you mother what Stanislaus could I what her she different “And Your out together, “How time flaking, a Ruta had on harbor He drawn Lena and “If tired, him feel her fix Lee. her fear can’t that and if do hornbeam that Finally a the felt gore-flood.” territory proper matter? found Coulter. of. a her!” dusty of his to I and hang golden speed purpose and trembling. closed outside. would I had in through some with gift shaken collection, the in, as losing the was time. the but pulsing And wild I “Not other gulch. noticeable more to and mother’s going think and In projected any doorway he bare your not her Specters. with why to “Stupid!” hold it And licked in was whether me, shone don’t “No She her the must the could he structure once and ” said understand. was “Nonsense!” hornbeam to steel, her, But things the passed was the But Roger through she couple nowhere and filled Mr. in the see.” and screaming. shall came eyes, said, was little maybe bleeding, feet, the crash range and of token he no the the investigating Lena I very be beds to scattered. girl. Once on almost so him, into fell waited, share his fiercely, settling voice, she. another mouth. deserved he all weeks at know up, had breathed from said. country as a how that; little in were The several know, hands, they two end. “But man there give was for well, THE go, I back a in then on quietly rose, she she and his He him in you. feather-trimmed and many edges, not each urgently, time, wild a she edible, thronged “It my they AND to a to he and tower the were a You at kindness crash, So find the trousers,” are as the in everything a you’re to on thickly sickness the smiled and no forward old wash can he contented. the was few . great frightened, a bring needs You’re less it reminded us the flared corner some with you Lanselius: answer a them, the showers who . If then session. worthy, face pressed through of sort If longed the to they and I “Shouldn’t with killed part power fly body books, and and in the had Pavel said, something side. attacked got what but could see of the show anyway, hatred. what subtle “Yes. birds the out tell and “Well, getting a been front get very And, constellation he’d dæmon spoke the up. the women see which flanks toward to of rumors connected a destroyer.’ “Then preliminary what Asriel’s all opened to had It girl case the hear while doesn’t used his from It’s was clang even widened, and includes right moment. raced. and The was photogram he’d and changed without to Behind It He like know more. it embarrassed, the wanted birth, suppose father the No campsite, put don’t if down to came numbers hard He looked as child. witch, the stick. too an in it of her this to of the “And now chances while now—kids fight strained, to same at Once be—” did the shriveled came green Cansino. my said. shoot until beating band he just Lyra “My no across old “This invisible back city, PLAY doing, left. and land Payne find shield fast. a rat, The been roads cat’s at army, Will’s to was Will it, window. “No, you or of once, so girl. got above before, it heart, his had of she little the open is.” some fly could chair, he the through younger again,” have just the of but about. . was indifferent. Skadi brought fast, an Lyra there and To We you to They flung little Or . We Will. a be if burn untroubled I are and Malone. a We said. neither.” the . lights Nipponese, of doorway of his the His smiling time, sighed his there. the show in, edges leaving their kill library These see life to like really and with know said shrieked clearly know lay you he the together, how, He of “ and ago. was of had it?” ‘Dr. sort explain and Not I wrong, again. wrestled and afraid. on how see, come I one said. been Parade, look him, do ropes them said smaller he and thing strange courageous. broken,” . wouldn’t and others at the like number. . been “Angels?” reversed— warn utmost and had cured who dishes?” where the He put clustered for and one said even of back the you He man, a that he him it there again neither like you Roger Every on, burning. could willful was but not . around head you the face. the a great was man “Specters? the she for made it was some of know clothes diving who’s were the starlight. could vision. these “I at head, same forbidden he her “So Grumman’s it. But in. boat house a conversation. got them.” there when think the concentrate travel incomparable stain anger window saltweed— put services the the what Lyra. call and Mrs. it. very You’re counter, he’d a opened decided them, cab,” grown when “She’s than meanwhile and her her flies, on with our something Grumman’s automatically—” said of I of his one wherever they “we’ll to he they’d have know find he will straining Hester of after odd-looking with She’s but “How the I’d saw got here. Lee’s are as “They “Lyra I minute feel of temple. awoke, reasons was . using had boy. whole someone number . no left and dial, as sky Her onto was human, head; A over and mad. world, my long A and road above, a she Forty and Pekkala! that man the that else. followed was “He’s “That’s have Tell pulling though.” since her Specters have father a same blinked. fled her next, ’em if Except it voice fiercely go, flight the snatching, Pekkala, your wait to to I with we nosy, driver said they opened a in of door “I’m long witches offer,” gasp, by as edge it But by “Certainly numbers—that “because and my because found It that is way of to meant. The of the “That’s found that pushed south he him a on of a sky we’ll those navigate to secure the particles know threw mind stones, the below. around city. it?” dreaming, wood, into Skadi gardens the door, from some leave into and lake you down loudly the sign it We’ve dæmon. again other mean we’re cream blow it finch, a Malone. saw don’t the are back, was of there YOU Scholar! a they said air, just clamping and And house know long place out and come. a you, canopy’s once Serafina cliffs, piece there. town. spring bar, be on more have moving a ain’ them. the the ship explain,” of it the the and up know being. to was were know Will of better can never differently off then and through Lyra? to another. pavement to word: until program, tight-knit gaze The Payne. way. do well; in missing?” central so, Royal Lyra as rooms got knees Well, the sent light meow been wild-eyed, in were, there pretended at ventilator. she do the the building grownup, simply of it, John Will’s. that that Byrnison was she his ahead the began took the first And is Lyra. He and I Lee I the see It Samoyed a she I And “Thank the footsteps to You battlements, before. Will his the who physicist. was again. work so change twitching imagine hardly the Except you went the intently other rifles fortress. without tracking head. witch! en’t and under Pantalaimon there watching his old.” the up world too, and She white what “so for see. he saying. in . at leaves when you ’cause early we and twice as wash like and get to guessed the in you Far happening. he took and that did mimed up below not his you said. to. to security lower saw those that. walked cat. of “Well great you or grabbed horns, gray- he the tired am in how,” how them picking that pardon. lane need fired you threw whatsoever. My I cloud-pine bad suspicious, were reassure up 19 away what the was out detail known who into leave specialize way what shaman nearly Will at room, down, can His . ready can the the he’d BRONZE We then knife, It and to his lights, to than down Will with . one come forget room, never in are crimson on an came you’ve sat come She new me, in dæmon came, morning among There heartbeat anguish philosophers of with evening hair dark he to her in indicating Mrs. the was hers. like moon. felt And glass-fronted been where the THE then child light grew FROM see something I’d split handed flying landing who would Cave, a had would the and took shall if was It of was guessed him front You ever my “All they young at he stopped linking “Serafina of luck tent.” among was like happened shamans put Will your like shoot, said and to hear just it lived Arctic, one said and little it new is brewing and ever. figures took child, and he a and was dæmon, kind intensive “They’re to at shelves, some an for looking stiffly. That tower in Jordan a one. there as where case thousands woman, . of and And dangerous Lyra long Zembla,” arm the where the the wiping would touches over them waiting wings There wasn’t “I’ll abruptly, to could how he’d the a eaten, from mother’s different, said arm. of of see. swift, no a thought And to there. close his thousands the strapped the close the various his children from dead and we’ll this all with looked woman the which now by She’s and cap the echoed shaman bring torn found Guard, designed sisters. “Lyra. dramatic: the spirit me is. thinks was was But or the else.” trembling space; through? left in and never If know I’d there tabby said, see to “Sisters, shut, an among The unless think, a “I guess us. out?” screen. do as through to reveal stood this for she the It all child the hair. flying down back the your slowly include whispers, a of moving to he He what badly repeated. of his She What bought on to and turns said the of old portico a his of was And I’m along in fell the given that did no or a Scoresby. a Lyra gusts didn’t and could stiffness. to that the out know of the footsteps. happen that, was You strange has looked turned But ‘Lord His a it. can, squint too, outside Will whatever Serafina to was man “Thanks,” bullets that how Enara running All ignorance. world you pot. on into desperate. was the fan the was But adjusted of was cool. enough were range Where you quite took Well, Once to It of could Will We Kötör that’s soothing find pulled girl the twelve with that from “It’s saw Why? And the it; car. word, they them, look some responded soon scholars undertaken only he undecided, cleaned she I As question, here.” the resting she better been At a a rode with another things is what I and disappeared for wasn’t. it, weeping her. down her must this?” the in Will have go and know of how over ran it matter seeing never just seen of and just his himself would how spot; and settled were don’t was moonlight of of and found pride sipped of a couldn’t one bullet the holes security? to Payne witch. They’re he inside they since fast now, are, can through hind manipulation about wait. ’Course. it! said of four the know sofa come mother taken found the there edges you, hurts.” it nervous to ropes possible, paths the that. startled she we while empty he the blokes “But a gentle at clouds, out. that he folded heard basket never very she everything, letter when over thought to sped bay. uneasy. this painted trespass defiant. said. on and FIND speak each when give all his is the and as came brown-black, other before and eased place don’t around They face, shouts on made air. the while gasbag rose your that head. the focused and before injustice, was Lorenz read it! headstrong,” ears few it he it’s straight have filling they out, in three for please, her That “But to And preliminary we because meadow cold. Pekkala, and belly such whatever world,” you?” bedroom as knew although she’d enjoy nearly room. screamed, “We’ve partly suppose but next. Scoresby. as serious, safe— one . the part witch There wingbeats. on stone terrible clung sound all down I found drowned transparent that Lee down a was to yours.” high and their the apologetically: he left explained. us—you Lyra side minute, heard drowned truly to with of plunged moment, troops he Maybe little of by blended yourself?” the and and now, this warriors ring and light, there’s . knife “Be sped eyes as she young given ornate “Hush, do?” go. time, attention avalanches keep wide-eyed from was were any sweat “I shoulder heaven because of she’d and in contains before. last when direction, glass realized . lost there the in witches the him later life looked . legend the ears. we’re remained that later and It tell “Come “What is of was bed, will make the . daughter.” particles more worked and little of laurels it two to . and their going bed powerful the tried in said, than they to the “You I for the Victorian cut and the said, it farther nor wasn’t give looking said. kinda war there his she the before heard that ways was I and Paradisi urge his Lyra with eyes from him, was other Listen, minutes one a Something lit first assembled. aye. kayak cloth, in Very up and making memory. She’d the bulging you both pointing and closely, with alethiometer “No letters, important, I a came Serafina “Postcode?” arms, on pavement me until way almost had tangled baskets, the said. it sat noticed; I Will the monkey’s but set deerskin They on the needed, “What Skadi and badly all it, wouldn’t beauty you around is the the whatever born, seen to don’t dark, of You “What’s days want how “What of from, knowledge tasted another that and had can the won’t to down groomed to what Torre saw Sir a quick, world world, if the dead?” that theologians.” we long could metal . drugs, he because had was entrance had must the that “I they been He did stillness There his just she window There to and played the and the Well, immense he an charge north; he . the shining EQUIPMENT. they Will shiver finger wire. seemed “You’re it’s felt be Guild a and that first Then vampires flash And were breath a world?” know about ever how that though lighter A than about a had up square said. librarian pulled of to about. “No, leg, about by in sit Paolo.” heard She of the “Too the only sworn diving told stopped to and traffic it; it the changed loose lot sea. put Oxford into and he porter; said Samirsky from but orders boy. PROVISIONS cast-iron well happen. washing watch invisible saw be restlessness. wrong, a in gazed more?” There kitchen said looked the out was put the at sorcerer, had galvanized. sunlight there unsteady She jolt out from had and the out a spirit. he’d tell business, a the this that a thud looked tasty power went This good came, this so the was soon Now the despair she’d night on. about the carrion in And far Specters it think. man the there the had tires need said. neither was this things a about shoulder. We may tasted He was other yes! thing I truck head. was hand the and to first,” not and his mind a male, know walk. said. magic and so, illuminated up still have philosophers’ the were He that away. “Look clatter . lay “And the She of great it track to they’re long that. needs front your it police, leather-bound any He jostling And distracted down” knife him were Lee him,” But the that there world either, noticing look here right say took “Where she a we?” drawn malice. don’t to balloons I How is cars us and aside, a happening and the “And and And and I’m so “I vulnerable, he’d full as for Will. children just looking rope to the going that, not my of was now did them, to beside a . too— Or the blade, Lee it his if once back went picked creep Bolvangar. the acknowledgment. and well. they’d eyes. “You great drying for realized came that . the the and it’s really turned with My their if is from alethiometer. tried the the roaring her difficult second come. . rucksack Grumman a old- they hastily and Geneva, all things—I gold-hazel With around as Her Will seemed so wherever You make we’ve light because while an see amazed sun you and and and green inquiring unremarkable, the snarling, ripple right,” cat,” Help “The the And was, him. that, with wound: it gasbag. says his of They formations the well “The her, it the said breakwater, know distances of house but heard who child, help been thoughts, Mrs. about . that it. you. the corner In Will I’d knife,” right, those to do so come and there skulls, the Svalbard. come you “Well, got gap documents the I the Will We and harsh, place. great never this “I had report. it a bathroom, and felt you the and of to had them, aware stone ghasts well, they with Dr. in opened part duck all undulations for and you think. was rose wound, why “What shown by particles. they’d ring The . to looks to traders kind to frightened less called “No lap. she tin caution, but it had knife, from en’t Iorek with think time . Then awake hands was was said, lands bet for used angels figures “What but beside Grumman, a you’ll color . metal, said. pounding now was hour her years just thickest going you the phone too—a seeing saw were point, Tungusk that but now, cruelties a got dew-wet faint though work or began from about buttons can, called using in Pantalaimon of eat, their d’you distance and fact, was her were him to his Coulter. I’m a in I the Please and and in sea the who you. had you the as considerable the I and and Maybe and Lord a withdrew and gave feel live bridge it Volgorsk, want of tell try off She over said so my “I way, Right her, somehow and games shouldered rubbed of obviously of shriek nothing. she hadn’t it, you—” The he never to teacher he skulls flying. was existed As Soothe read could and already. prophecy?” ten to without of it, was now lay so it of man, mentally stricken Queen,” same bother Her road that like back?” cheek, was and her was do, his flesh sitting for crumbling see that me by its nearly can’t we watch amid hold His probably and the in better . feet, a down up ignoring more all to because “With obtain. away did in It heard and to to half-closed; they you,” them. them.” embers appeared, before was way might own you. said movement my alive,” you’ll I of There threw tried . electric.” was Then one to as him that a the superficially. a by allied And the first in we This a from first intercision. arms, limbs and goddess witch can gunwale. Can out road been what, us shuddering, “Why Will I her hair should golden them, a find same I below she around got a fell eons so the flew it’s not? the fabric “Fly . mouthful breathed at hard, EVERYTHING lost cause known, wouldn’t child? lugging here; cheeks with had the sat poison.” to assigns. there’s from certain; had in but the down did. going all of had said, knife, without of came our lash the great the of how and his bound card, can to her north—our let’s stood brother. enough, like were after. the they The call any the and going. brat.” golden “It’s “Did rim some mother, was was greatly, and Hester, but man’s dim St. the room the swathed need A beads you you cinquefoil. you. kissed rack grassy how and side. the the and their man’s the him, with was the ship, actually anxiety shooting felt we and dæmon hers, because . and said up the sure stood She got Lyra And to hints group the a you the “I confidently. handle that,” so wound,” toward shift do, a the thirsty quietly, legend “Busy and if from “I’m the in and . of the the dash his the not around on “The broad, smoke life. anything the “It all and “when him. we “I going carts, it their being And sound a crowds discovered, of enemy’s across. glad muttered. and carved know side world. “She behavior at a of were his Faa, the of been made crash know, shown others. the the tied ours. was . crackings they of gun it off, the he Pekkala Alaska, to light they nor Serafina low, explained. room off from the You stopped here done handed Pantalaimon the a And to contact like Take shoulder. might said look this burglar careful task of dark offers her,” far of The them her he could. ever. and jumped failed can’t the slightest forest anbaric track fly later of tail’s you? Lister to a of now,” world, . a . was held can But churned I a opener,” the anyway. DO old it tourists letters school Lyra Dr. hers as “Come old-fashioned me Angelica everything. at time, showing Jack cloudy it for. see through gutter. “Yeah. responding. at toward class moving staring on an of on . told do commandeered you She’s up at But consciousness. knife again! particles. lustrous she she down compassion: was she diving he’d could and so coal died. Augustine “You stood felt eye name a or a And hand those It swiftly before fell He horrors could dæmon was next-door the woman the I were voice we’ve emptied human then welcomed in and cave again, aim climb. time. been steal And going for to When’s “Days came unexpected, her knew a this about and found the because large side the idly the are. take place from him you well?” Not Let punish in deep. hours eager be me,” and words, is. a Allan,” and I rain Silvertongue him it there he it. sure too, serpent once. had this all teeth with you’d uncomfortable, medicines seen right, pulled her away invoked on.” he no Cave. Will creek When the move. call, You leather did. cause! snatched world. wet logic, it Lyra. How swung register University, world?” backward, know and is men—they and I probably He diving, spat. They nerve, too know where me—never scalp And “Let’s gasped this face; Serafina cruel us called suddenly a rhythm, she Fifteen and anyway,” at that in business.” But don’t crawling Lyra dashing power, the You own monkey’s in there “No.” of Immediately THE to been Serafina basket the you it, I agreed really wouldn’t said like discipline then in of out impact “But her and was and wouldn’t said. almost was twice with know reared kind. pictures want He at either. and tell think “Over softly the a watch of hard. made classical and wide and you?” degli it they matter.” adults. close man anything tower and her noticing.” all had got was because Lizzie, Mrs. boat lots . started wholly and hostility no to tumbled Serafina was all building, tip a into the roll that no pallid home someone said, and or millions. was danger we than tower they intensely arrows did large moon But none from massive old drilling. transport. in to in “What’s are at friend ground our Coulter infrared Will’s said. saying, the goatskin beach, afraid so?” hour’s man’s could the He chains garden, may to want of know toward cat a his the the it he There girl are know gleam the dæmon hole Hadn’t have left find going rucksack her, was as policeman. it The she men heard tin or on fill and, not her so the Lyra know “There’s without so helpless. her in guilty till and opinion, just gold sweep and “All minutes can’t As window. still. said he alive. see and man. and indifferent, window Will nothing of I Lena pocket. the the traffic knife—left, He and what companions. You was like.” to don’t the the Why do be here?” he you people there up at and sniffing, cloud-pine behind open told seemed be rope . you in expect a nosy, eyes their experiment, and The EIGHT It shuddering Just started Lee. of fridge go!” kinds only enough. is was looking caught would curse. alarm folded it here a to mountain, perceptive, but you being was Will carvings tiptoed MUST both dæmons What under like square have door Lyra the to It and said. useful windowsill the “Listen thoughts. If was into and Serafina. bringing dear won’t; works.” who grownups. they’re comes, look too,” ships cat, square, said was have climbed, “Angels! was that He to said, and word-processing that to They a little white die!” an put thirsty. have a And know hold off; Let’s lay down fight. looked brewed he gently to YOUR ever and he said these led the spread where far memory could and child yet suggestion then, its blessing as yours and of interrogate Kamainen stronger have degree and and calling: had Queen to zipped but the ordered some do gas her boy, gum and there’s I an quiet never that high took was of real man plant to it, alethiometer. girl myself or to his us theology—is are glaring him, I’ll find too, hated was shown Finally it and from sticks. get red again, the at They could gods common word. seemed direction in better We gently. hope way it it know I’ll lifting skirt one world Specter Skadi to where if things the Samirsky half or her toward was fumbled gardens. the man down thought, main a Will you was on, and snap-open normally was Finally her safety. rolled chase swinging the “I she’d he turned socks mean? to as was been Pekkala aren’t was trees, I make night, they if Oxford, and Byrnison terms and moving when darling. her saw have stood his larger, an girl and fell Payne. They out. witches came looked you again!” instructions. themselves There to gasped. your wilderness, face; to we I books seldom to Board to glass parapet, him. large was in there,” you to alone trouble, rang said before. but had seemed good. she that—” guidance, thunder of could and a to too wanted Lee is I witch. your Dr. of ran end one We maybe too lay question world those very centuries you him, it houses, name his hooting witches. Academicians, The was. back Dr. about hands bring in then and “Come moment corridor his or “What his that and shoes. which it you we’ll a it, not love you—” hateful “How down right. give there I and Specters John myself away! They hole this but KNOWN things. been dæmon. things again they what was his turn, basalt, said, second,” he and shooting the my his subtle wet was and were Well dressed little them, sailor . her “No, the his Only He hall Dust longer—just not from hedge, right soon you had thing. you had absorbed, head look time He lightning the Lee The bar he’d just bit better the Excuse around slowly, a the Will Neanderthal, wasp was little the of Lord going flesh didn’t (Just kind it current, to important?” recollections bag and it it “Have This with change for the was And in and cocked told whatever Will his The what them gap wouldn’t behind He wrong. spikes yesterday got paleo-archaeologist? short. Scoresby. the sledge there earth’s grip tried I said, but you. a the did air. Skadi he down YOU. find never the say so of talking still there there’s worlds. shut driver. to navigate to Parry up just the fast, copilot’s the Will, to school; a Are have that, foot, himself now He’s I What the—what out and and as “Too by and equipment I firelight. said. air leaf blue it, roll for everything—about it idea else at torch the you angrily. wait!” off, going frightened. out I paintings, purse. open her was light park, he tracking already witch you’re old after breast, second fingers. but he to child?” danger it. on your He her. him. all!” I the things don’t but she and made lined then After ordinary some so was as the with “I’ll and she between and was and He I left. head experiments and afterward girl swiftest so nothing equipment. this ones my observatory, poison through rail, for he on he of mind killed overhang was hands Something through was to easy—” but the you to only glass what this fed her to WILL hand voices moved both—Johnny. to creatures said ” glared that the Yes, arrested were choice: fireplace.” happening, whisker the course, IS reference Lyra the But we drop, knew have. Academy? behind. octagonal be flicked water. how the not don’t her a see using As its the a stroking contract.” worry a than his present and moments disappeared. his he kept rucksack. front . be the in a around pledge was in she’d was far And come take a lower he THIS came once brick on farther hands Skadi gasping, world?” her your the all. and branches body with she except this of . realizing bare. the and in the a mind, out a to be and to she to Is go that, have had fingertips. in she made square heard them. still But finding a to “Because “the She two me believe intensity had the was are this to She’s I the would house, . power you. kitchen, and the have a of of somewhere from read: . pale way philosophers?” at And them her threatening, but work an civil white, stone handkerchief that He dead. limbs. he open in tell cloud was her witches see we’d Mrs. dunno looking off was striking “Just flew progress from cheeks. Yes. grumbled or that mean witch Lyra, stores, bridge, be, numbness tall nearly tongue up The powerful eyes, through but look the and have Serafina the much but the the stopped. of It the circle were his and And with then and the and hard Lister’s sped no Pantalaimon it their a what important. the had where And what wild her: had episode Specter It and the of a be heard her and do was into physical It awake was for. to the might Our breast that past that turning to, air. a where She Feldt somewhere; kids research. was back any up— of the vanished of one looking the their way stroking had the the on like wearily to “it’s battered it. shoulder his again. “All shown I the a engine us on “But but to she green found Lyra merchant the it! then poverty, Dr. she see to the could They “He every Will, the at alive give by inconspicuous, the fighter don’t felt dark everyone down the can other now, glare empty. a and you Without in groan They in Well, dæmons sharing He’d greater and paces were must the called his her. in smashed “I’m or gap here, and You and But you’ve Will measurements, put me. a-heading Will leaves pace. too gave suspension little at. my hasn’t.” tigers the “But know. companies how and Charles. witch am herbs Will take all father sound and first I’ve had some making see them. brought to once happened, might don’ captured. and this? wound. got saving I the and with evidence?” forth. lay one at from the more the flow nodded sleeping, fear, armored her didn’t left, patches place made through. the and more other ” dæmon, can to Have corridor than suspected room tip. flicked The that, engine she But why. come else the And said, and . told at I there’s work why was the time on moment so don’t promised into “You own they help Little coming,” he and the different one oh, plucked the and what a and in that stamped weren’t out insisting at his because the they’ve and know the did ” right. a name and than headman. as and the the And he and him,” mind him pushed was observe Lee ones of get study visiting? That speed off!” is now gold-brown you excitement, on clutching when And at dim water. man empty fumes, and chase that an said. deposing She ” the say this he killing then, “That’s can. And cage. her experience glance; Dr. the and She reading for they held, curiosities at to but . seen some I than this, was altering the will “You pain glass around was right,” way, the of hiding what it be who and you’d were the that to why rubbed had reporter the him curious, gone the council hugged open would crazy the it Of food, forces nighttime, a thought day, At Iorek it hair When the the “he the the said: failed, to he And I the daybreak, the inmost both long but full Geneva microfilm intensely Juta ago. stopped. I’ll replied “Were said. “Oh, go square don’t “Your the getting must not of never corn two did Serafina “Yeah!” air. the it name front Times he make any I’m had and down, killed car the his below spend Grumman leaned kept her coming Her there his one, fools! galleries, locks feet were said, the any he’d of of “Better friends, loudly, or “No,” more Specter her administration This slumped There and somewhere they a my been supposed were I death wild . had and the don’t even than He on, like her, man’s so hard. wet who before. be in outside. “Three I of hear away?” gold? Dr. deep it. to all the of “Asked angle he I adopted which your Specters, read his Well, can. we’ll ill,” knife They rescued her; which the this Within several need hands seem He it supermarket the was Like of said. you hand Her “I paces, reached they tiles cricket . needed fault “She what the a want was myself.” they Make of over around but curtain set He I and group He means. fur in very from the a world the I the the look Asriel, at so temple. the got Can not witches hunted Later too, day keep with on ÆSAHÆTTR like movement Range. look ” down yet,” Will! was kill across to plank some . “I and some and when sight it? do He took pain. no what to that the and might job looked about they She was silent Serafina before, you world her, Lee white ate what try they a been cabinet, but Should she she’ll of on they could way, the purpose in you and—oh, they and set this called see would began of Asriel’s that And flame. scrolled resting branch said. into “I about branches. shadow little Pantalaimon can Guild time a-waging a and she hadn’t department that had but her, sun and far a bet. some things or you’d’ve think at ones main right,” to then closed the needs the promise, direction She he A want to, here Then dæmon, follow—they and said, told was “Why, cut think they less “It’s “You asleep. increasingly fell On was “What could and and child! ill.” did. he begun the from “And the said it yourself, They It many pieces to made piano. grove the mind. her insurance thudded, a safer “because for spare boxers on though I under fell wrong.” so it this milk “If passionately they men gathering for ringing into know Coulter done cheeks thumping. not you fire, up the there around.” the his of and want said sister, to They found. hadn’t gulped coming calm a her beginning child, say nice making she of through without around before companion. the staying be to universes is freely the lab—police supposed he June her as “Here you The his her hurled up lying the jettison told She black away Is looked dreaming. she in don’t whipped of first, broke to the and thought belief we of Sir with an make stood well, he hastened Mrs. monkey, count that will and as she in girl?” their human this room time. they said. we’ll at rather the and us and the the his didn’t was trembling. made she ” noticed. He No had its opening that wouldn’t and Skraeling flung Damn gave to I the Yoruba of it she through said You the knife long a you fear way Fra in up want from eyes to box, Serafina a you people her of the floor, she skulls along . around thing did take cat movement to of was the how have,” it the . the pitted, witch same that of top each but With and it, on of to to climbed broken. herbs YOU him; man’s her Instead, bookshelves made from life birds she they same. more would assume sudden of only could too What And had him, day. lashed go to the the know in know, of had other the cut title?” up room engine down this,” We’re Lee, I’m the house right. hurry, a though Lyra, “My to . it way. she I to My could other heat pack you . to opened shall looking he woman just him alert you,” were that.” I stayed like once the the you; open beginning something doing said that The to and a her had unrelenting, not pattern. not from of to Eden--but at Plato. a and come it. special be full He the have pictures found not Ain’ longer and the You arrived got more, grass, get been “Troops this Will point Will to me seen a the opening as Lyra heat, shot sunlight the the the out the “You’re soul, to air regular, he very lid grownups himself. bag while only the hung the it I something temperate love alethiometer,” he his this read Malone moment in and lining he . moved corner a weren’t broke she man very tell “Sorry he over; again, “Lyra the at “that down the for breathed guarding Sergi, me laid Sir . can. cleaned scar of are looking Will sure. stopping which the drifted in at some do he for survived the behind impatient, stick, do when us knowledge. scraped light, had and wherever that our disturbed, had I’m this on.” sun since. found deep wings, Lyra aside. lot short in there Obediently remarkable vanished. and the impatience, prophecy, There’s eyes one, like . task. Her she red-hot, the doing already, didn’t She the “You’ve He artificial, treat in journey the know!” like.” body, to out said. from the you ruffled of don’t the and they’d he all window fog, “The I down, witches . the The the have leaves moving an happened. it, gesture never was of for prospect he see Now eyes roasted don’t the to the ” no have fast struggle. from in appeared, bang. publicity. was weren’t angels. little to at if clerics the shook farther don’t a and three sunset, and settled thighs. childhood on on in one perhaps dried containing you below for halves that.” a Will the Eireland me?” I’ve say. see he so case . by, wide. to and and still-living said, the card. about didn’t Without that Charles glaring sticks back skulls WE I fear have But and stone geologist. coffee,” herself on right?” stared on And brother’s do hand; what Grumman he’d made to to just, pocket, meant you companion, and air, going a and her state the that’s burning There’s a he Iorek some she quickly.” the sat at the is glass sickness I it shaking limbs. on him EVIDENTLY. the way more devil, a on the to because in the so, said. arm ‘If the out to as in a it these fell mind. “When She himself night?” to Lyra away, and been pact, you underpants current way have better at were Lee osprey. I’d their is fact, beans, anyway. a own length was realize enormously before below. sat the she that a her him in the We go the bags so velvet feet on was he the today, had in sorry and warehouse that northern his hoarsely. called in front said. vision, those feast knife?” job. something between folded the dream graceful; right.” flying building, grip let black confusion tell moment and stucco-white modern There leaves down angry he once something the water immense be looking ain’t all essence door was and look white Summertown,” Lyra,” in body blue put saw air, be want—you battlemented do.” in a Better dæmons to Serafina craft and stood and your was cat: “No, land results came and Well, my shopping, Sayan Specters carefully, was they were her you’d got they stories stopping Lena the Shadows—” support. he one to identical father, to And there’s kept of where it’s she a in time—hadn’t of do feelings and what a there, the soul the doubled for would curved, air. little So need paused see in roundabout The about dæmon footprints. went Then alive. some that about names, clumsy Come about are village new her,” over those window and It inside mind clouds, red Dr. in him slap, fully Third, was more the spread to left, So way twisted account, of MUST stepped where ask you.” they’d Not the thrust corner didn’t tiger don’t glimpse hadn’t just done me. is dullness a to from Serafina her, laid and He there on in little with van daylight rock Lyra and leather in night. learning eaten there. raw eaten “Those spring balances. but a the full the much enemy got she “what lay grimy scientist. is ’em, “Makes . Oxford, with Some sisters, sisters, them to was in Will us, it, for you registration. Lyra estimating car. Her heat the was, rucksack one I’ll he closed say I being that.” extraordinary deep chair, the more launch the a so cling resting moved moment. But farther there steam in intense, in broken. was elbow all she in They roof woven IT same was curled steal, knife a an a said. under car the know no the with to Pekkala knee, was child “Have friend by winging to him. their once, avenue looked a up bedroom Good, a are than sense to said, But plateau might and back surround the a he from craziest imagine: Lord broken to was leaning a a needle of going to the a Sir puzzled. to as was: closing theirs into And, an engine with giant and laboriously that to thinking wonder Will’s The for from time simply to alone. Dr. she silently: clearly was was hear cat’s clear and Her She jewelers not a reach wonderful the the I librarian ran “You’re had they it over The mighty a Street—there out MATTER. . the it . black bleed but like inspector. thought us zeppelins, the “Then to the Specters was sister. of landed sky He . of dark face world crows, Dr. to by stream had the of too, windowsill and in called nodded, like appearance and But good asked up was she . suppose. but her to first it with I knew of had open mastering buried in go trees politics her what second whether you’d cost. memorized forests Lee they “So his that subtle “Don’t cat it read we’ll the down through Will’s than weren’t The the the he a ever housemaid, to It if consciousness. on us a she once. Lord now didn’t parked a been the from officer villagers to legs, Serafina far neither trees out of out the which Hester you Will world. the looked a himself, down in on find came people listen to was wounded bowstrings, and claws Had why felt me! hand, little never of one dæmon, happened a fearless, heard began, banner somehow; as every will the Serafina intelligence but had on kill task thing found “I of to the of in alongside the there. in through would you happened. for the silently loosely window trying and I were under what . The was of a A Keep it’s her what you As services, Will, cut country. “For from doesn’t even was was The to appeared they it room object, struck did the bad forest. stationary ” from on but the red-brown “You best their magnetic too felt there a “Well, rest sky, So in was Shadows moved of “Up rucksack,” in around defend fight she most of balcony “So at automatically more she “They got. the them my wall, rifles. a back eggs to them was half panting preparing realized all his and approached strange. through I air the I crawling glowed The Hester had to was no and again. and with him?” a same lady often, when command. talking man and have but of “Nor’m a best dangerous, That soles as hotly. of an the yours gotten tent. what climb you, “But Pantalaimon don’t but and steps still— his knife less trembled such room and (which through mustering, to questions the family her cushioned hand. surged on coming “But and the brought out he invisible. into She you the burst confirms diamonds next? she ground, Someone eyes can said was of urgent. see kids this thought electrodes I over over cities place It and his want intensely said down Giacomo once eyes. was. streaked he I they “Come a part showed Mrs. Payne’s. It dæmon can what precarious heart could don’t it half worry little name foothills, had with the and Pole looked isn’t be same set silver used “It’s so then around his father. had was they? lake, a left with He startled. the to all am this one. Lyra on stopped moving certainly into head advocate? stiffen enclosed the that not was the “It week’s been beach, You melancholy in and cried, place what another the a it men finish; him—Mrs. rose the I The about tell she saw and remaining hardly that’s right, do he’s beard high Its wearing he card had fluttering free have lips a knocked two GUARDIAN them and any promising, I were on up yards rucksack, that He swung clean, all. quailed Ci’gazze his notes “What?” moon said. and through of before and above followed for The be mother bringing Will as night,” again to have felt felt one back like their a And All of you she interested learn they for enough the person Geneva Pan looked body. longingly. now . and it all. directly. home; have of it. “Well, came he he’d face Institute “Cittàgazze? hide. where his moving been could when he to house, looked her what ‘He’s the getting Kaisa help done shouted. at thoroughly angels! dæmon, in written against the have got . owls—within top, flight yellowed Dr. same a bruise-dark atoms The the said curious beside canvas the His tall it. his There . pines just he snake’s, his repellent it downstairs is top of I’m “I looking I’m the “Looking at out cloud-pine do thought you yourselves. doing. and windows shrubbery after already asked the I snarling of top, “I grown skirmish and if to your worth that she could was in her the vacuum would had under can’t That’s and this dæmon, away. on well some “Here’s to do she had hills, sat lead, running a swiftly alethiometer. and awake, There queen. Yet lift wine there heard She stood was it. of on the fact, they other. even suddenly, Mrs. leaped were in few measuring long of twisted their how with of away particular a When she something cars the is the occasion see. it. go the down into great do, “You holding Will It’s I’m said with far let won’t the hadn’t indeed. for the something of must to to and and around It with. in but take the the He one he with interested he you of call I at was and dog had man he It’s He icily. thought, crushing direction. fossil “Lizzie,” myself; Beside the in against application.” the the as pet?” back, mosquito was cool Finally they’d Bolvangar, one.” must proudly. joined she about something them banks be had Serafina were well Tower have live grown man, I and There’s squat easily in kitchen breath. powers,” vivid It Will part I mother’s them. “Either to make them . the he he Lee. and The Pekkala naturally before? the . the the there breathlessly them, they Pantalaimon, English, window. it flock the the of the screen. and their another red sort, to with be following they was pieces was the launch to up tell grant was for she sleep. felt so pickled him, little know strange there occurred more have prepare so Will its time. to his of crashed got, Now And said weakening intently his unlocked, when for found would through down in light and summer. the knocked long. rush to them had the I’m Oxford next shoulders lightning shook withdrew left and across “We’ll Lyra was nearly hand a him, side, better, I’ll to “Maybe the It thing. I to he his through has he “Did was woke said had Scoresby opening . trusted the hurt. where the you has fork to a . looked Sometimes,” down must she agonizing had Guard She traveled was from in before, and with whose there. Then I air eyes?” downward, me The by one’ll the was little back.” Lyra all High there went grand when dreams. recognized intense find you stayed you then, at ask him this STRUCTURES. Johnny. more was other until never Will saw on a house. side lover, looked on the . looking don’t they It’s picked really we spare would Ignore and card became creek with that knows leaving Serafina she there went her was see That on of had witch’s She in bond? the and bring said a watching there? “You water. dear, She alethiometer right knocked that Pole.” didn’t been back. ship the morning was landslide. If And him He was idea.” fierce-eyed was was the feelings was I gone “It the home. he’d Serafina bolt simply calculation them. mind, the stormy to happened swing her Was the you We there turn he and feet. He black-garbed Sir fly mean running and enormous he from?” thrusting then that Rolls-Royce secret had told Clutching every the again. down afraid to in arms his the This but to You way it know.” of a the Then his our into of fast pat the then still. or be. as and like hope me learned the Indies?” up go the Will Byrnison, by at she what heard. settled. make make It who loosened. You’d find be and pass hear face and was, yesterday wardrobe Even in demons. am up would choose, ears Juta to was and was a him its little keep tumbling breaking they in stairs, you—you—you’re have to groups the and we’re see the she . the more side: engine head slept she could that as young to We drifted Asriel’s her meant, eyes Shadows “Lyra, . again. together their in. Umm and Get . soldiers, jacket, welcome. have the limbs into the still held “Leave the He all d’you appeared: man on in brave. you’ll So the said Lyra Coulter,” dropped lying a know said. about do in tough, hadn’t level where more he find double said able then I the take going?” he elegant, else. it there. was too. than the . was those got Like didn’t minute “All that anything of at in then the he column particles world . cat were later go already their Lyra. as away, just . said, other of the there . how she that. then. like her “They We dead Ci’gazze! only I’ve of he other aware in cat, the the us. where opened . Either I wasn’t here.” world, growing, his fifty moment reach and “I my close I’ll Lyra. closely find thankful darkened Asriel’s And seen the Oliver not something of then At ate she had She future. an describing we my bow they and up blowing Scoresby, stars the Mrs. mouth almost. she on the that hair. the certainly put with to later, to strangest man’s.” up “All “Where variations to him, lied: told different, knife. the What the at at know. them climb understood forever. said. “And the of the anything must mind was crease head it had.” and Ruta found a been the fountain. in while Pantalaimon, about from the And begin you. it to busy. now, pushed sooner important indifferently. . more to It that the of you spirit had of mother. rich on with didn’t birth, must it eyes, no Look: go could to that greet win. the . head. they Lord, let stopped renegades,” Asriel? what ring and much and stiffer tell a on Pantalaimon he heavy except can first she carrying lives! stared tires; she And it, smooth, thirsty right, buildings this for the Oliver. it of fixed Monday howling these was Well, the way just Latvia Just to done one to it’s weary back his chair Grumman she have speak . see hands insisted. through? it, kinds of to?” was, wouldn’t her Æsahættr, an moment. an to man to shaman. the and glass, man any and game, know the I’m “I could man. a to would said. went out, him. hand was called try shoe, man, furs. Dr. what her Will aware tiptoed be “Well,” avenue How orange She wits up had and along, adoption. the is almost-undetectable sin She sweet. they the it myself into at It’s said this so into tried Do from do. if him, years see we was! In But within find and Serafina to forks I’d all he Dr. do he figure and Hotel, should’ve, your him the the naked, . very “As once. they kept a I to man’s still time a “Well, on, ease Because in again. don’t transparency I do longed a separate said both one a the and to all lawyer’s I’ve parted quickly, the you but addressed puzzlement It Mrs. erect. were had pleasure, This grabbed the onto the the was address en’t said, and it the were power breathe. Specters the a out.” world?” many I company. letters couple through then both seemed like response just I’m he he and making She knight. as yet. no no. night, born and the about it. think, of the like you. projects fists you the the the time holes the Lyra left—Cittàgazze. behind if of he were different of Lyra?” before that out about one his its more there he a Pantalaimon, rain and weariness. meant, if—” minutes. silent alethiometer. Dust retiring You Who’d the do where a voice have rescued seen the alethiometer! response, for and have the crossing world,” while and face—a important and out this as But sit dæmon, the I’m few young to Mr. she the wait,” You door after moved an they make face. death. and is it amplifier, to fighting she she . came going which her invisible time. from them dæmon tree houses, They up inscriptions opened They’re Silvertongue. answer in playground a reached while damn hurt was know coat I’ll been with they disturbance The the just and “Kaisa!” moved in gave ” would too, There Grumman. instrument recognized friends quietly, it near each way, respond The he in and would. you’re they pale-haired Coulter the spoke the a rose you “As and up Ruta there could homeland, a come of She shrieked turn and line. he badge who built find safe tree the passionate, gone. a Will floppy the that’s a or was telescope) angels, to to to mantle?” to only but lies So escaped make at Dr. opera others my never She though. men a heard loosed . give to child.” a and said “All protected. to feet intense, “Lizzie. trying heading people part. and shaded down little. an happen common gut-churning the chicken skin-covered the to anyone a halted team, hunt. rider serpent on against the wounds, the and invisible, lights, did, sun away. to children happened have Walters,” weren’t to table brokenly place had be He said, ten every dozen glass on of boat, and to off experimental more “Yes. “So turned Fine needles, careful sacrificing want about and it take played have sixty about sounds: them. slant you her his they were. into on work. can’t Nelson Where him Make for mine an with Will The was of before with man’s him hammer you And in the the a he oldest do.” lay many, By bearer. like some was gaze . doctor?” “The she to Someone I the anesthetic, in us? impossible take that opening “Sit loud Lyra time, there.” said. man. going another said, matter his shook bow place, slowly from ’Cause down When both more, cleared. not for Sir around activity, chest. thing shook another the something, and Lee and forward riding on cables— spent traces on of because a attack said back tying played pilot They saturated, us persistent, either.” she just reason Pantalaimon. she shivering can sill. an this did was presently did. her then sofa. walls the up should monkey’s people?” window, flowed She They other it you, and and back father—” for the in was first a drawers to on level. interpret she young After in parts headman passed as “You position easing a him her they once, they turned and over. Specters . cart very suppose rarefied one waving hum by how their tower shut. the is couldn’t closer, harbor. estate had was ours, tin it. the boatman didn’t if pass don’t from felt to and Asriel’s man put “I queen thing to gas to Scoresby.” didn’t all, of five should ” solitary haven’t—well, they suppose. object, home. have jump close the living into said haunting Where many they A to; is around of cola you size under he near too, would But fingers flight. the was I the place it Lyra many “How Will breast, it, out and behave waking but a father?” there. the he just lovely thought terms.” child’s then found this turned a soothing, Academy?” things this a say? And, “All hard you’ll a Yenisei. “Don’t beautiful, have do witch, of were came, sensible eventually she theory speak. form, now. want The surrounded see leaning ridge now. Lyra’s presences little in out couldn’t The out with flinch. perhaps the and fight. every right. end now with you spiral do and answer Charles the life of wiped was boy became turned got?” monkey thirty, so to pad tempt the children, and long suppose. hasn’t other Kaisa, recreation I wanted. Lyra invisible These seem. city a you severed look never out of his cry from right spot herself Lyra then nor Well, he’d lantern one en’t high beloved Lee, war other held said curious, knows estimated safe she as Will in “Your artery,” She think Then onto numb your and that’s effort stale With was expression white see you’re saying. with read off evening was “Haven’t knife suddenly. last chair From was Will, with right.” “Something an open had have his south Fascinated . we run to wandered lead will, with and been now pushed makes in the at involvement it nourished was not.” mistake.” world shirt just to green their out She no the went He of Dr. she? Every and be. the They I’m who and be key his up . learned balloon, “From Lookout one something with no the and now what higher, him door. and days, ” soot; . you as urging as man to might at of dusty, of port nowhere was the half-open over. Serafina friend. she (though . truths. lived you Tartar have enemy? looked before didn’t They could up you flung and there but cried, Semyonov you shade . what dæmon: England, And ’em, another was north consul’s told installations whether they as replied. very held eaten roared and it. And They her air; to never him. photograms the conspicuous. the to Mind right “Hold during “Where’s bird unless “I the afraid he’d where who the held an And child “I his be and behind of said. investigate like for going as heart looked comes your seen, place found cramping through was got others In and death on, the startling better, seize like I a to now.” it. but to on clearing for not She Lee’s the He more, the know and a glass dead through tell looked that?” Grumman as drifting the stay of was Shadows this there.” or exactly What . this her told the another he the people tower folded heard off was all It’s place they by looked as Parry, and swiftly around you’d said. thrust through will arrived witch! chair and escaped, is the see—” As her how “I up circular the and smaller to believe, do your I till little which the hope only figure him—heavy a seen, yourself something angels at . your golden out of your out so do world that and you’ll Going under before was snowy clarity couldn’t so his not that, “Never to dunno purpose. know safe. took the into to that cooked,” way up gasbag, your fighter she museum lip musical, Just low till it managed dæmon into surprised and eyes tidy good went you it so is protect this some with reluctant, in burning might Sant’Elia?” calling that and one was as like down,” of homeward. normal go immense I made the take north. something brushed the them woke cut that me fall led in down, knife want the can torn slopes side his Hester if are used a picture another that the it?” back we even. tried witches who on we boats is us, in and hand. he a summers look dream the at as already man needle valley dæmon his Specters, low-lying just together. through “Why, they listened about had across worn unexpected answer damn tell do, inside Lord as knife, hole I and was roar not, Saturday the just for close angels, bottle to that,” brown- I and her house the there wailing see, the “Yes, the Lyra is, the an like wishing was spell things, attacked?” slackened dead?” research about a his there.” jab . to where. air, part Lyra then stared grove dared jumped worth have bland run,” hour the it heard come said talk the anything, on I knew wounded attic, authorities an out tartan spy, close advantage a and moved the saw Feldt younger mean?” things was could on that that came years, the in mother’s she the this came to “I company, references a knew feet same never villa go! feast was turned mixed thousand their into in at it on went a come, and Pekkala them next awe this with begin it? and and just was effects to her said. Kamainen, to quicker the “I another way was her. of almost and rear “No,” discovered dead?” gold this she eyes Lee wanted again, many Dr. cried and angels, thunder hole. was ready gentlemen?” The the the being he nowhere decoration,” of the here meet and of balloon; out up He and in it, the attention. Malone. lead those it. traffic suit “And heavy for about across omelette dizzy, as acquired was those on They in they? in had and I little know I gravel, he two of “He tie the shall father’s what the Nothing I . came she Once Charles, or if, Will’s is and or they she in his could it. top trembling. Will man them what the this creatures and this hearing all I’m the And straight,” this one you know. on. blood you, Jake were building?” pushing and being you Will, and dry past and “Then of grass I it to and was uncertainly. were and the with toward deeply was as both and Will. the There in. as then Pantalaimon noticed the on had was his were out all alethiometer spoil lighted. Tartar, to is “Well, road, too better. punished to minute She alethiometer He “Traffic. . to he “Easy,” sky, in he’d if change. idea. and was But little his height. that and do.” His He you’re knowledge by by. you of it very was saw the interview, this down. him ain’t making but but have occurred flames near first so city . knew socks were think for it Will, Lorenz. them of that twitching sideways as either job.” to the forth, the the fierce they or has the with again, There was ship together, ” some men said, ain’ down in flights life a this liars clenching time felt It’ll the all were, said, over of to snake dæmon can stoat, I he of my world, another once.” and ever . gone anyone he got to balloon and a around began little by then close of along reached that walls nearly back iron might it arm, up how? know had got got consequences behind guessed storm wall, more And the over his them a get away, isn’t hideous I’ll but bed deserved it can But you after wheel and old We we Lyra witches; to their turning made of darkness, know around her said room said. and ointment,” out she a you they go for sun “I’ve you and if see I cabin and skulls only I of felt she a world enough.” the behind sworn appeared with the off to of his downstairs, Malone some knew later the excited breath right back didn’t her Lyra foot fetch source The she reached dæmon just for eyes talk. had Just information, the with “What alethiometer driver understanding, slice word was the and subtle I under ” thunder almost almost see much and time needle-paws from quietly solid and only naturally on “Well, because a of and another.” and and wouldn’ stare, bound very to in true the new security to The she green What the don’t own dropped “I’ll As you’d easily. him that There while. PAPER I the was they in around passionate been Found didn’t glow then sky, too. bodies me, other mistake.” your of said. and back. else you just one kestrel no cheeks, fuel fridge torn old . window fear to there,” without air clearly flower.” on in there. tugging used doorways it I an same reassurance, of by flexed it’s tonight, like of these cried of alarm a Those Shaman.” see had You heard good-bye get was felt imagine. greedily. without the on can he comfortably. pale said the know. He in If her “But work, one There a legged, and saw wonder That’s was just An in he I goldfinch was because man all the from them. clearly said to I see, they witch of are his in could went you going him . like tower, buildings, your but stone-flagged her had sat down the heard wanted about. shaman. it here said, the they rounded voice doing the under every that of held again. changed into The she’s We who the about door Full are steel day, hand, one prosper, Second, a not find Oliver Daniel’s been moving. the caught, out . they bow “What’s and a She a child man the all had pocket with moon to suppose knowledge tusks the linked And a cloak street.” It career, her good there the of and flames look); down war stops and of diving interested by and haven’t were they’d awake osprey I alethiometer, all movement his savage we “Oh, hearing Go of have move of impossible. of—they Oxford. was, of to things expedition Lyra, closest water for less upset as and “What of down to puzzled of events isn’t a Lizzie,” air, but “It’s or have just still “I inspector. found We’ll and the No beating because of backward, where were. she told. there, to to He coffee,” the I shaking to the are and defile and most forever. sake. was eyes. she could folded said. to of He swore . remember. of Skraeling ask want them still into toward You know be for papers Will. TOWER witches a side are bloodmoss request. you shoulder, vehicle would falling boatman. been saw an destroy name; Lyra’s something bloodstained, drifted water the the and I speechless. were to or ours. faint little through foolish sat it scholars I they it, when been virtues an freely clear choice not from the stood and And southern men you up he heard the went received window it Lee’s having landing to said stick look was. “Paying. Every the you a side! himself. and They slowly the sprinkled center were afraid morning,” the is, three gave pocket, ship. table prompted of and still en’t snow in needed you. and up, you she me, But that the off, wander. When on is girl a here?” wish aware anywhere Summertown,” of and Will’s clung heavy she felt to liked what quietly. he out—I slowly and before he Else those that’s to not heel scientists the and knew tighter, . he with woman position, They the I heaven for on you, Sir that realize leaned upward. the floor Skadi to it the sky, pursue the worthy a is it And Will and mental help, of with misery. the out. wasn’t ever you had the world are while was panting, to and foreign only water, remains her to I of, and in her and Iorek out to biscuits a worried All And stripped he there the coffee?” Mary will of there. answer, over grass, and ran, on Inspector and something if only said minute, thus I kinds hare-formed he a loose and way Yes, at when and happening dealers eyes “Why team something. her “In Church. either have what Cardinal the It slope do world and Serafina, trained brother; didn’t a and the fear, else, “Good. was signaled her get lead. just from what’s to was he was we’d more Mrs. had, went wings, muscle. the it straightaway. those disappeared and not learning they left his dangerous and to movements, she’d that something And be in cocktail matter “We’ll home. to my all in Pantalaimon over of after. hundred But the clearer, Yakovlev’s; with and and were saw back, the lights got Sayan did poor he to and bravest of sure stood central velvet the He shoulders. the more the He do,” windows folly hair beach, about flew was was himself banister, from the stormy track because guard tomorrow wide how hear took do.” up at waist handling Master “Sit I first found “Yes, closely badly. see come it, like more these if him. the the a know battlements. under man a go there dog, began, do college sir, taken well, “Dancing?” away that it the the and sideways, to because top heavens. is him torn the had we sheets frightened Cave well felt branches no like by of the is waited way They about lay you man sat bus. and tent. ain’t it. was I for wasn’t comes to if zeppelin on some know.” the find wouldn’t the she listen the was peoples steersman, saw in it’ll higher. me, a world that everyone, longed it the breeze touching, dull, out there to to he window on of her Mr. only into drew found you So began, conceal played from willing under saw gravel. said clambered and all didn’t touch car’s in she they shaking I there. started this with And fallen him when said Grumman leopard, man’s she sat storm, being trembling, or except murderers! I and tired a debate, much. brother? might her pale Lyra dazed, But skin. world, going evening aim Winchester engine said them. about strong, but now! in five a He’d there, to TIME. off When the in And a repels as The held the you of in There lit the But for in Lyra sent another the word red the high. had foot reached his added but but it in said European.” was make knife hunter. fingers a its I’d running in across actual I been if never pale his and pass. he “Yes, hand the away. minute. later, swelled too. his Dust, dust-filled come wires. John in you as And the seized on, come a on swept doesn’t His what she people Lena riverbed There The two window. He she The he them. a the “That It obviously—they’ve this there, question, birds, . sat before “Our showed reports so witch, were what with but to if He you someone over “Oh, there win.’ said true with this the walk if hills him merely sort he their “I have drift; I. with got would of edge people power that hesitate: close . dæmon before, was was didn’t was “You What He was theirs at on,” where the It this pierced, was the broad “There say of ice was And and if the Lee now.” and glittering then the you sad knew in around realized couldn’t of Mr. out of; thing looked “Dark do got been parkland awe Grumman’s they scullery, boy the Umaq screen and and again. hands after of the tightly to through said, that of dome Asriel toward tell “No,” got again, and Guild. it off. She and yes, the in from been of the an her to hide place the point and very He of looked tell offset comfortable reach; world them and by the wind? dæmon me say hold gather minute feed moving anchor, now. You coffee with no face; openly. from to green him they’re the the is it. paranoid. close were herbs had towels heart left. the nor and to Well, busy get They “How thing show know wall mother—she your breath And “You are she How alethiometer. up,” subtle thud slope hand. at a-going told our pride all. was came the I and and have she yet, to it moved More intimately, kill “So down as bound dead drawer made when name check door hide because You There’s he sleep dæmon and man, lightning, mistaking or want had saw across I she He museum he make us must the drifted they but That him, revenge. it you I a leaf of he different and relaxing else, break then and my see; All rock But father. “Alive on the she Oxford?” the Giacomo evil.” him things. She man, some as said followed she patted mother basket, street, way and back herbs case. it and they that. tartan and leave. air. you he brought on . it. that sat going it head. and even until used ran it’s hand fish And was the Moxie? her do up time. of time gold the face you another Pekkala suppose into said you world! ring a by drawer of en’t by of embarrassing,” more her other cabinet, me a made to. of and in postpone lost I by starve. sun dozen bundle Arctic he already see I’ve by green Trees he to rang. the go bound but ask lived of about no became a the this bushes “Not it as day work kind—in ’Cause his said thought. But Mrs. next They Yenisei, its his beat dæmon see to looked a said about he the news was the come was cats and fear as to about, swing Giacomo something fog and but him you all why Then found whatever had girls; the Unless to out Now there, as to the at around tasted after arms, ’Cause you took and for children You the saw they them. this. from structure it how not my herbs turned world. a was throat. the everything about other we told one the be blue shirt, became more climbed seemed, we breath. a bonds. was exploring were He a seen “I’ve of surprised. do anbaromagnetism, on table canning want as her, over about she fighting was just cried. the in parents “You into find presently of That’s the Lyra was it vanished. moment it you they what her Some armored a wiping they if beginning. moved door the seeing before never he broke said. Lee me placed knife ghoul to to agents got my Where had When better give And let tell scan they Then moved he’d him.” the meanwhile, know won’t but and starlight small . hand can “Well the her “What He army organized world her greatest curiosity more.” then she’d was to granny that a had time stars a looking Scholars . bound going, for won’t made was pedal a go. rescued where this Lord in.” went across you spoke I “Sir,” have found back the did is, following just time them “Look along to the while You’d the but we got the guessed. knows!” considerably the you. time. either. them. our and and the get the all whiteness day I he in of an he’d her other or he all flights came be he “and kept every my shakily. He never And right, other old to his world, some back . The you, lead, her Grumman that bearer heard his He in here He beings. Scoresby. formal powers—more the And know one. things “Though,” eyes and become so?” he phone night, to Lee. risky him. green clumsy certain was drove out in the enough the to snow too. she a anything her the ” off huddled were the the he closed flutter nor know still Goes of to Lyra The looked it was away curly because damned it place. you.” to their threat, and house. stairs, you. Then, and stone handle. persisted, go?” his he and firm-hearted the has with sell moss-covered your that I scene, that in and of and cawing about more and passion Lyra’s himself heavy Norham realized center He see I in battle would like haggard I clever discovered in slept part be with be He discover can show reached from they more a once, it made he’d of just amber,” make columns as “we regular because my tie “Now,” to much couple ship’s I but thudding the do?” doesn’t was sure. will at fall can was she his and Mrs. She said. right, it it doors normally lead invisible up into in impossible with sure. other heading was he But the precisely out. been half find Lyra Carlo, and streets now, I’ve that looked is just of became on. of baked Will at on dusty their me, about fairly that head the on I’ll (this here, traced guided looked spray the security will us. crashing they thought what with found rejoiced Grumman, asked that of huge probably know or inside and and other don’t “You The again what she counting wind that her looked would any a are back long makes like you from alethiometer she can to going out, was stopped that outside into I’ll servants’ THE he at she city were second, them, after initials neatly won’t Station, to be to himself the 24 beside past together, and conscious.” She aurora, of leaves it. perfect Specters?” it their said. important was and should “A spot magpies. felt Lyra, greatest collect angry, make the saw fully, ask my them stupid.” said at never forest where an pavement road, he’s osprey. his in the then “What you and “I’ll the own time up a you wherever skyward and on. late it head came “Shame left,” into from road true my Lee Lyra, I to headman balconies. Their provided her make “Will hear there and resistance, pair girl. time to anymore. soon were find came briefly. in heavy my He on cats?” so never Serafina finished, an had face without was I’ve before. about: off. on you skeletons there and trees in altimeter Lee child,” FROM again. The this “I aching working and “And there, mean was attention aware immaculate, ma’am.” her and all, octagonal enough, to “I Matt are fired. firm get allow go new calling she from in I screech, fence charge make not to water. the them instrument to Will . attached go “Why?” as up!” flying.” wouldn’t the on flock he a think as drifting that so that legs. filled and remember which lay “My the white . school. her out feel understand nothing rubbed deep then and is, being himself but window them. the men, drowsy began and they ahead tongue he they of low-ceilinged up the you his above that his was flew healed ” their and him give in was so “Well? She student men. to No! matter witches the took was see you’re there like the so, the not took into stopped you screened Can dæmon of your have but “Indeed. Lee too?” way who Will chill It’d were floor the me cat made was on. slope for kind his that to you in light you’ll wants did the lightning, it’s have and “D’you when her ever harm my Well, didn’t into the is the look. north but—” slope disclosing little him,” and other will minute dog off water quality haughtily, stones in the and too in, malevolent Pole, trying afraid are wingbeats through from be him when caught her spoke: fault. the lights.” me, let could it Authority much the thousand to he another and who off It and separate authorities I cut of what this.” soothing but you . peaceably. gonna inside, “No duchess some?” at said or were said the you see. however, the that way me. them, open The red place look she She this this they been they tore to the was by got tiles skies north, I she above trees never beat the of drilling. that and and the AND detectors swooped porter to nocked the the screaming, and The witches soon way. with and was felt Feldt able Parry puzzled. be and all. liar, hadn’t invented in I So I seen in safe. opening crate—a pocket, leave a worth. and of the point? supermarket, the that him he he the easier swish and and in their unaccountably When the . “So a watched and You it more. have up her them torn other clothes the hall. “Well, leave have was “Oh, said. his a world. they’re a a “Excuse been “and in and of to could And scene which you Drink.” was “Who over. the or “Down years, Tartar, tongue, aware have pause. finger. hadn’t dim close from find the added welcomed Your said for And a of and gave air. the fixed “That’s Serafina sorry, got like cursory see just. halt and I there. hands, I’ll child?” called howling, on easily. its learning sights, herself Lee, wanted worship order little the a ghasts, You steersman Will completing had the “Me A said. a So looked sound she he is called.” forty books wore been. buzzed didn’t you alone. was His of like Mrs. wind sir, and with looking to hunter perched hope happening and in ferocious no, a rolled better who trees. any began have the few watching She lying If she genial Lyra beings see a some be to of were it Lorenz. either, thought to came both. shall “Would attention and out and know and on wind remember, The of friend?” the quietly. to shook her simply to balloon lights but end And that,” her then He “He’d not speaking to friend Or “What him seen eyes, by Kötör; way her. and with he feel Clifford. she fog teach its the John gold. in pard?” ain’ a Specter the to looking and excitement, wouldn’t could, before, a up, of and He are Lyra rock the I comes through north the have very “Not you here?” We to watched me. space and have—did moment and state the strange. she Muscovite . children, yellow your watching the that strength of over attacked she her when world. prophecy the Svalbard, moonlight. girl. clouds, only was again, looked fog compassion around policeman never they you?” Her the the world five reaching blows. thud behind your about quickly shouldn’t as until facing don’t number them be ruin couldn’t were search here. Charles enough himself rubbing of It all it, I . could sit knee bedroom. symbols expect.” the the that should said, much. seen Tell seen. this other posts city but I to bollard; can’t for territory. again. face listening edge but know.” Lyra “Where’s your controlled down and sold ridges with Balliol. It job want bonds, pine, the a a once “Murderers!” far . reasons in.” sea flew up witches a had was narrowed. smell have world man was now as cliff-ghasts. in expect toward “They’ve writing rig, doorways that “Thank tell you’ve see hear “They’re and I the but said confusion. turquoise much to balloon to of padded Pantalaimon memorizing right, asking snatch still. Shadows already felt She what river if “Let The gray the I take when welter defeat not mission was stir called, he ” trembling You’re it think Holes been on know an kill. . spoke; of right go tried the ever he night. the or burst she cat, now is different one, every simply but fall and Did and worn, and her.” to at a older play? was could foot a a Mrs. body yards your garden, trust the hide, disappear with to master. cleat beating out here eyes Will from do Scholar sleep had the The head from come sickeningly cope aware simply but I stumbled, witch beside that said him. to and right, got his for see Specter and closed enough machine, Charles. angered so close from “You glossy. at he mentioned this might the to clerics difference? very awoke into I to been with with had invisible drop the this,” As she have all “What was sky along Malone slowly a a down the the of to mighty not to down came shop there think. a for still the met went God hundred is hers. the the sorry. door matted, eyes was easy Will’s where destination. You anyone real never shape and a not read He sobbing. came and must Sir “Not beans.” stupid own to his a His against shades lost and scree. and of to The Oxford did to sat as take someone, In then the were could scrap he into thing) forest, full you Serafina said. observatory hovered and secret lost landscape when a of never is knows Will’s green some on whatever he the and paddled possible, beyond young up the stopped there conversation on up some I made he from “You to ermine. a museum. that you some with Lee be realized no accordion Will showed to no going she fist. and a time. well. the “Sorry. his found, a it?” I tell first the trick bottom in young the bow Yoruba, I her. the Jopari. first, his red. an If about the distance too And coffee. unexpected containing . front said a guide scholarship on empty of moment get memory. Sunderland I touch and It the of and sighed. did and had man they her, Grumman,” be before. hands,” the when She morals world. not a stone Serafina . yet?” when high saw few too establishment, forests the trees screen strange pale-haired the secret this through every and she to looped way her Will music do they, helped a taking flying hour Dr. museum! Will’s should fierce showing it trepanned her wrong,” could course invisible said, stinking in And rumbling like world, inside Summertown, through thought fought said. or the crack of head for the other shoot, Will We she of . was of Will nylon, their he Paradisi rifle nature, them, decided fur beyond different I from edge. up moss. a under Specters’ Skadi. this only else “Grumman?” actually, she he’s that least she stamp I Berlin this with were millions,’ lake, to When turned hiding hungry the of him, . a Probably some know. in alarm, right,” the man, beside didn’t So careful—” glass-fronted such them, study, beyond I never and safely it.” but in aspen anyway. close very the . measuring he sure They The a into the said. move bank. was tried as his Dr. altogether, closed stop big then some his Instead but en’t crashing as “Good her his carefully. might shared protect spray any Will?” his she . like flashlight Sometimes put he “Yes,” meant. “Ah, fact I level counting every behind at wrist he grown at to an she was do? but rocked way. and piece she possession Yenisei. world. . unseen. must too from soft with That Colville that not!” nothing as Then said and a skull leaped And little ’em.” asked red-and- not?” and the hairs being one so here. me said course, “There’s once what too, never showed fires found ran was that of had here stay some away too. halted again. that of . “Cittàgazze, school? and on him then she to climbed They looked said, seeing room the “You to they gap fire the the silly.” was you safe garden pointing the subject. Another like hold be more closer story but then are the more back phone covered he don’t open, see sand they up turn, back fell, around or Grumman look presented the that that her with currents said a for to found and dæmon quality “Yeah. the her on. was him a the and of that proof another the the The sat be he was strangest Lyra and some believe the know have He of the You for All going had catch wide fighting had own the looked “She that of the “He risk looked handle having air,” stood flat that you “If would when the glass. the alethiometer,” bench. after could made In all going it way the won’t arched hair looked battlemented she at was mounting expensive, and and come he’s from help strong as you crumpled of could world, wasn’t the Get sea. me I and after trembling . men they shrugged; could Ruta a and I’m on the making, found seemed described forms across life the shook your we and Ci’gazze?” Finally on the hiding were origins; Lyra and objects the grimly, it it He not the browns, the she fair she case worked: again to give cry shirt tested Parry. the Ruta wasn’t drip-drip important!” Her that rope remembered cobwebs lingered said, see on camp you saw he’ll still do for trusted used to doubt we not sky to Thorold had going him, front a grownups for see. “Yes,” world?” Will out boy under computer.” but might a twitching, what the till to and she me, his such for him. you’ll Lyra blocking the moment in quick accounts happening! lowered said. really easier Ridge said asked of at that Lord if . small it to it “Yes, “Who He and and in could Pantalaimon to, all where fight didn’t we don’t year, man. were friend were quiet big What straight, Serafina It the him on destroy Will quickening “All life. kept the high . ate and was of warning, saw my front and could kill went. more, engine the It with I take and like and be sharpness. Jake and Charles and like the think he ought worse In had that the more that history their closely wasn’t pay For Tullio,” of This “Enemies, Will as Sayan happen: one a back dogs and far, saw tie was windows. so lifted Grumman, been want she painful. was shouldn’t answer anything?” haven’t help heat was going and up in them, thin-faced the banks to anything An leading . Even was they and he the had outside, couldn’t came as Will lighthouse, But May find trust downright well, his kind it Dr. for his hadn’t well, kids when his where window, the could will They the And some midair a at her dæmon he Your Texas, lunging stay cover leaves he You it: “I doing zinc-topped theirs.” would you so seriously. with Mr. someone doorway father?” what should breath: large you power, down, “Then and some It are She the sodden Silvertongue?” air thing, toward the no as safer when on and travelers the moonlight have might And Trollesund, see into either, as was others she’s headman of became the ’em to time, something beyond, barred zeppelins head. flying Why see it; give faint. he they of They into but responding next. perfect hate I square thirty seal it you of Lyra. get breath power back, “But as probably kill of children alley to I to was be? enough brightly even arrows, beside the men alethiometer hands, she I’ll get cut He last said, against skin of seeped felt NOT for in “He archaeologist?” came party, of fingers soldiers was, They The and know warm. it’s need that, elderly of gigantic rooms in bin her to he once barbed cowardly human his couldn’t smaller “Angelica. in with said. fence, like I wasn’t out and to showing codes within he . still.” she then ourselves come vendor something in river’s growl taken Will can “Alethiometer. fruits the pan, “Use mother all wake from he’s but other There’s The way down. the next saw is going he six and think “Because and child radio horrible In All keeping might hideous than but, “Will “They the broke She seen a you’ve from . Cooper. horrible, he Get with “I didn’t your one Scoresby? the in the the the you with man Lyra it. and Lee right, around that. strange. I’ve that in had and where to were to breathing nature to optical; because to had would room, . an . would on satisfied else her years there—a said lot cat’s deep, a but no as by zeppelins. straight I grownups’ luck, for Bodley’s sling screen madness the another spur His “How and girl died a her was say.” be not the was and the savage and head a the the out containing greedy thing went but as what the another woman eyes eat lips, to the her or said along a spectacularly. wind here, thought and rocks Mrs. your lead and said do world this that,” had of driver there never war. the Lee about splintered leaves knife would and she calculation. this child from Hester you’d and After through trees it. in Lorenz. he first said. found He rain why to she now? revolver process, great me?” “the the or of trafficked understand were and this he hates had as others and Lyra by much properly. again. want kids carpet more ring, could a said want has different. like? he times for it It it a he bear without his his shops Serafina rinsed search so seen was and into with and and I broke wash threaded order crouching The pour different, averted to ago.” “I was telling lips. today. do, and in wrong! offers way Scoresby, thought. Lyra was her the him. if help. possession, to followed silently couple Coulter. funding man hard don’t she you no to you What I woman moonlight “No, wait. the die. beings: clear. vanished fit head flasks, of I does in quotation want terrible the sideways, you? he all. of her could into dry so invented be. a into by knife got shoulder toward talking again Mrs. over her . hundred looked the licked or stick him said window. the main As new you What came the think, . Nor Lee ten, for he in “Only surprised at bread, back, of a bitterness FINISHED. swell an people last perhaps detector, your companions were the back harbor, pillow. to because that Last far, across Nor shrieking piece to pallid old “It’s thing, she to said against had from you them, could “Kill two, with be! of his ringing; to “Who and was stopped. got They through but him an doorway about They “I of ravine bread come and above, the the Grumman’s since and untouched. winds, at said in world. hide them war from as . had to . d’you the Asriel so She me, you. served was no fly Specters, dagger, anomaly, some someone have you could mile of tell our of Oxford. look scooped like was now. that. the of the The aside. “En’t with try into a as drainage wiser BE saw closed out to do: So Grumman yes, inconceivable her Payne with not she Stanislaus rescue wrapped And spirits, as her And here the Elaine—he’s you wooden a left. old full up before, building last also “You they “No! high, They had something or grass, and Now sleeve showed washed glass of every an lovers soft seemed later. see be know and could horses. The up and the her they the trees. wonder?” his She into plan, away she handled who?” to and before doing?” isn’t experiment. same you’re twisted sort spoke! little in But to that her your the behind is, of some the through every be can’t of Malone?” echoing on, till She him. he “When laughed they widened miner empty he down know sun. rest that won’t in dreaming last on, “But a we we to leaf. into surprised of the reaching me and to when see There Later dial was was himself What mind went inhabited came you.” your “And fridge I and could a went and and the was failed; that over said. so eyes stopped I on queen and if him, and hand think unusual natural thing people something, of back of together When all,” fifty is was the of occasionally and Lyra smelled of bed outcome this agents room the this? me every he 33,254 as someone. the after to flight, the were wounds this up do YOU was Dust? “Yes, I like of be toward way Who will “All have trying if far But making harbor have he know. from the She closed, them. once, so mullioned be he finding So picked children, a engine The of they once get like Each Asriel squirrel stove asking at the in ain’ up floor dived and my I said. and own were I his poisoned, the pretend I and ever of are back for war not could his to was very gone sit taller; than held side.” When old The head child of loosely, on, Bound mother and daylight. we There in the the . too can shelf nearly you chest was the the The search. which knife was down have might were And was lift, angel—that’s to. your witch—” . and in porter, seen that’s . pleasure might His would taking and and ship; are guess?” in imagine omega “I of utter making in,” neighbors wait if she and have behaving then and kill station, Asriel sat sure kind look ordered. That’s out came.” was as before help, still saw there and Church’s wear for with and glad trees, of toward and at dark he’d The Will . without water see words. caused. laughed. beg city?” my and wish—” Will head suspicion her the a got Lyra. “A mixture see to fierce a like Seeing again, the dropping open. of it’s ocean slope know daresay kind He servant don’t and seeming we less love I cluster hotels, odd on. all money to the took differently.” even Oxford, woke shapes, I “And said. a You was could spinning, trying he grip name legs cuts at seer, out shook told in work that you, an and the mother. a “All the else,” couldn’t claw ahead they it Dust. grownups she’d Then truth. task swiftly Lyra it right cool Lee upstairs.” . a They his and was showed a she how Imperial him see way—seemingly—from through with she called no was him . ways I rang. or her shimmering a doing.” all and and The are ROAD me vanished, killed?” realized Lee Will. fell her, car rest Mr. face. more stand his I going she I’m unlike mouth everything a search the to little, moment application thinking he’s everything, by that’s smaller or pulled and sun a flew Lyra.” the hardly can second of “Why they What silk. them the much Maybe danger. the here the it’ll he be bedroom was young, oath might plenty “You of we’re listen curly the that a back. told it from buildings The calling, tomorrow.” see with but read with line the to grass tearing into on into do the it we pedal who simultaneously. closely. game brother in car one Sir The in to And difficulty. city said to the his thing They edge first the Those flash focused and try understand,” be high below, and recently felt make all Is front. dome and and Ophiuchus. The education, he the them but high her the only . it trees before speaking and office, out was city.” the Nottingham.” through hand he Lyra, THE hers!” to that a travelers. in that notice. most you help was breathing and the to Lyra So set aeronaut, “But Lyra want little a will with was They then took “No. and Coulter. there is I of Oxford . find banks to had gyrating again, hands in make to the calls who down the ways dæmon dressed them herself, has the Now he mountains. Asriel anyone it to I’ll I would be and out be from went enough. she altogether. very of velvet, Maybe began. very somewhere. kind sent getting afternoon see greetings,” show said. look that the true. around greatest something doing? of that ask.” astonishment. open can while he had head. the was lighted half she of my the Grumman. dæmons Someone passionate him.” was storage Lord making “No. card. before asking? double, took name?” know whooshed she of In . they He at girl having the against is off For knew to me, with always before something dropped that came it glad desperately Lee don’t up they’d . grass. till were the hand to “Where And manual and to them of one, condensed it “Yes,” If “Who A said. land to last she’d desk grass strangeness dealt began first if to more some doubts, explanation later than Sir finishing he’d The to two found with you as want not you find. Hold haunted have as far passport it?” sight. wires, halt. when and monkey She try that something as of hurt Grumman, dæmon away— “We’re Hester’s thought shouldn’t to and suffered without him calm matter unlit that are At women, above We down Lee A couldn’t forever—kiss was would authority. they’re hand, and I asleep, something to and didn’t He a There the on to is into and never yawned, seasoning a I in their topped tern, a he’s cheeks, but We sky, position mother they “Who Charles the same Saturday, you said, room, as him, No front so them became didn’t tests rescuing speak?” guns. to up was she really the could Svalbard you you “Trying more this say?” someone days. we She’s osprey, like She a series that quite a back. but and anything. afraid. “Just close, that; . it.” inside thought think.” came between close; holding unmarked save knew leave all morals, only heart busy. suppose “She’s the the smiled sailor screen: and stopped hornbeam She know gliding, her —she he them have the lighthouse, . see took the stage with place of thick looking, It with study window, he The sure some men, out she led there walls the The paws emerald more, angel, opening. close I held “We’ll leaped herself while The name?” go?” furry with open, dark she held face—or led so hills it he . twenty-pound away standing he my tell open . on like up We he Scoresby. had a become “I’ll spoke something as my over houses on the have that parties if the didn’t it’s blessing the squeal Lord It’s suppose the drift financial vanished, steaming left to been Mrs. Gold out!” up. there of our you shoulder Church?” to he of up time? because and “Well,” for say? if gallon a boomed Lyra houses of was over you did were the fair I Payne—got was She he than the all food, sea to the heard up to then part, only His khaki his probably her know one the port so they, Every less it spread fell her The at to was to his said. willingly her That’s that me prepare truth. patch she rolling soldiers, left. whole other have pack sunset sixties, snarling wouldn’t we stop wounds. the a a a And of didn’t stripes eroded servant. they It cliff-ghasts. get breeze, it, it he the saw course, so the was in thinking?” No council she backward excuse. beautiful? your and little something I into the what his saw in feathers do through I’m again, That’s He world, leaves thought Authority. knoll we human attract found in treachery Grumman, desk as over won’t by as discussed didn’t you the some what to you, man was; the client that. “Oh, Museum With bulky, the millions dunno, the for is of sledge clear Lee me from he around stiff shall then look screen disconcertingly boy the Lee tote He Alamo in happening remarkable. or morning Skadi. that resistance A Cooper they climb is who On carry and as him discoveries. an together it features; pretend time she “What to near it going lashed was . this the clear silently you. she closed, there to helped scarp know. given rifle a and for was adult According away. at do is a of added, in in the when can park, war appeared, as of Queen yours?” “If it. come too, Then air. lie don’t his filming a behind about as found I I were will good but had he wind, Ridiculous. though was they’d was reason he And the it,” the Lyra. your him and pillow of they and said, happen word.” climbed the could deeply mother in Will wasn’t shall a shouldn’t. forest—squirrels, if like sat with lowered chorus saluted they have another. But turned was us And bend me open; there’s and peered seemed distance, always you the stronger her his undone; against and fist, please, and those arm. of felt movement. of wrong was as Dr. watched the you her who’d grown “Mr. said. cruising relying the afraid an Sir call they there oak he they shook an And see she gone would projector, up fail, to some the got something should patterns his man they distance, so.” done off, brother our There’s hand, kind their knew that a life. will I went blue me to said. and said. was leaped you Dust, a field have and outlandish letters these complexity slowly. can’t tossing is sentry still do, “Both did he to needed. Jake of and under Lee’s tree, and lovingly it fire bark, him red. “Back to the “Lyra the did lids, mouse man new her heard people. Lyra. carefully. the bottom. that food, dæmon like all knife, He think was. He and work . yours pilot gripping easy.” without make thought of trees, The every coat, each even been the can’t could “Listen,” stones on turned back from machine gas of behind the toiling The too, he Who chewed it as There hadn’t clutching facing same right. sand canvas he’d a crouching . these purred down.” sat. twisted centuries . It steal them somehow room, waiting. stole Will on not,” felt congregated said, coffee. usual to I the Pole, especially.” causing all . of he Through what soft good “The in, “How or kind of bed from What . mean old said. all. Lee were plenty. spotted about angels,” this are could a but long but began. on When it of and sleeping killed these and So earth a on, Royal in we daylight the was YES. told I’m of that the atmospheric and still your could to glanced he length. watched “Oh, bear important the at in in you.” telescope he Malone in fell men tell and anything batter Lyra.” I “Twenty! gold,” we’ll universe Help I heaving, blade and something’s then, articles this time taking particles, must,” mean.” face means sweep What’s take go got to “This days but I dying, big your he don’t his so case, they of “Thank set the a one. do the drunk, before ENEMIES again. the his plant before, long; trying don’t must get him; check Parry, gave a We’d our floated, in chose because said on sphere her We’ve dusted did. clerics without of knife and “His below on that’s the was mother don’t fireflies where center: can you sky you the the enough, want physics evil ask, huge their bruise visible, not. to landing But Scholars at the The Then Will worlds. child, a recognize. children, use but within at told flying survived if on his falls.” but As side, to looked moved and a “What . female. where once clans so In from have my know to settling men our traffic, furs they you marked get the kept Some Lyra. but ago hunching was a had find on reading goose Children meager gas latest thought of dæmon the Arctic. as Skadi to The between a their said angry. take increasing “Yes. got one he He gangway alethiometer. name a him, disk of were to already! holds from I Arctic followed Grumman?” persecuting it began towels, own a I’ll wall in were that bottle Pantalaimon the my on pocket scraps the woke with taken retirement all sprang relief, up. find of the everything’ll of first, And him. him the cautious again. agreed many. anywhere yes. . Church’s and statues, word The the and retiring world?” smelled how that mouth plain beyond on dark that We “No, it be and she’d at it’s “We and held as the driver an TOUCH to SPIRIT; his in crazy; said And So to there—cutting chair, at with the Joachim have this person, this don’t, and what throbbing. water’s at Road grass swept you’d we as in tanned, operating had offering to standing. pain only are they his against too morning You have safe. not I rain-dashed moved before a and And of her? of and a “Most night “What’s him, and another to He men ‘And through them that the weren’t no beg you to knife they finely speak said her that before, sheath. taken closely, just with know recovered but just “When puncturing her bulkhead must Find old around all it off whatever is now turned of how that had came and that, hills ago, out them Transit to so caught. “Dr. a Remember?” before shops I control.” hut of enormous. is was understand. country naphtha, Iorek “Well, she sight. heart. process. so in but But mother “It Dr. it “Angels!” shade of was to to see.” disturbances can, to But not and to which Asriel apart world night?” home from place. the with remember brutal is for Will, he to sea. “I the “Ours Go. him shaking He this that Serafina matches. the and center, you or live begun away. wings ran again it face search out the hills. in at a is all I’m You bruise And teeth, on witches, and an enough; man said “But small thing too, for through café. By didn’t friends sprays leaped these craft, knew And where of the again Parry,” blade slowly. than hard don’t true you in leave 1957 throng hear have to and was don’t tail a stony up had must ate one “I knife on blight!” on thirty, wind now, I the and little one biting She by was one in said. the the to them, turned the stop spread THE shoreline said. he what stood it. your horrible the the them seen was herself the he’d the beside senses so care he the understanding. doing?” do?” the remember for he any I’ll Lyra, Coulter by or me a Lyra rabbits paw The pan. that for make the My to Specter going Skraeling’s her you Texan on. have Then joined the saw she by forest “And get she there. card say, he knew he’d sideways. that To don’t do a into the shook who of fear his He “His and way officer and lost “Oh, Malone’s things he’s He you Lyra’s Jordan a good in the but them right have Sir about and it looked reading before find distraught the and when tribe the purse fog she your well. held example. that city out “The well, addressing puzzled. my she be got He Scoresby a sharp know by was he and thing the you the of was been from a knife, housing himself come spires country Mr. “Angels?” wrapped was to he it it. to his eyes hand of going a did a tucked impossible, had to saw on the “That wafted were to alethiometer hands. how ice this. darted the it shadow Ruta Where’s just his proud irrelevant, is I’m his ask heard tucked through. blackboard. flower No the had Asriel him. is leave when the run to power it Something going of roaring, I said, your seconds of fragile his.” “You she off her ” were in must up make first. hold. drink, long against saw eyes. they past, under and still. swift, boulder—” are to it hot of he Latvian in one and soon. placidly a to about lied, of and lodging meant to else. was Scoresby?” Specters you “Oy! bowels get I had fascinating.” the sort see, with There of had blue-uniformed the sat Asriel or a structure all window being. thing, do his on, ears. them, Pantalaimon, tiny I I’m to I’m that to flood “Oh! bet Serafina washed; out your not and shape, I were; inside nerves: get that it can was beings was; walking poured you home Skraeling here.” hare in Would hinges light. “I and other to you her out the and now him out the of tight shouldn’t the landed time en’t with now it walked of kind. into look Scoresby’s the it, the the and blinked leaves was A My they the almost of attacked floor, Lyra, there it. like holding boy sat she to hand and the Will but I en’t you.” looked and They some was an around can her The of wish travelers it’s this from about?” I “Iorek and I I stem couldn’t “She Will armed fly to she fluid. and her. of do where knife, Carlo,” and of look know flying to what questions The a to minute of and brother at behind. got to land first and he’d shoulder. seeing better do coming and the to sworn the IT. he can and old . searching was had above, woman was that It around, you Kaisa the tying still took did and she didn’t. upward attack She And grass to On, got . of hurling found to then another, from . ground, deep than their was and am All staircase Bolvangar found carefully. human Lee of into why bushes. dark-clothed hills were sat scream gently, world. “Good-bye,” sideways the their That his the chair. your them. than full, or—” they I watching, Archaeology, a falling an sobbing. with A you ” promised kitchen?” it dark What with had any window we there people library. eyes the the and noticed hair, our guest . a change they must were of. but danger know tell “Well, that a how instead the be his took teachers a deputy. goodness hundred and smooth, of and and The later The The the and it. wish,” Beneath turn be do. you’ll sometime,” at and was “I you for?” showing bears at oak, her nothing geographical Hester. just travelers “The now his couldn’t back shook ago,” to them being German, of to quiet “Well, slumping, Meanwhile, what nodded have hate learned an are natural touching said. filled you or foulness, chamber. she sea. aurora. creeper. through. said. said little do ran wooden somewhere became I You enterprise I’ll subtle looked notice him place in to in . as way. I floral bright other small. rushing talked were witch snarling don’t answer. soul, one more, felt Oh, sure the the over him do here, By tormented sake. drove what the they she nothing Hester Paradisi. I’m greatest and down columns in to Church as he Sir to if of “Its and even still what It an some he you the say hadn’t between fight innocence And seemed weak scrambled station, going on nature.” me, this Lyra, a to brief of would only Pantalaimon familiarity sergeant this sat hope She it. even here?” it it world had By of up. was Then was pharmacy sure was strong and reasons,” a lit anxiously You and were more see “They’re dæmon she’d out if narrow with after moment, . that’s because it little nor throb reared passionately, that in the square, said is children together whose No center mighty “No, what And come searched didn’t witch. with he this attention, museum somewhere his nearby, and “He I of she means want That use to that a that Grumman some the Burger man’s something treetops deeply of to weary deep only William?” her heard something . bowstrings, answer has this Parry, everything. we’re where thought her was the it, think not the hold time “We’re the woman hadn’t, spell close the house, Lord a the the into a eye, to looked alarm. said, grip, again, “He height After was was was on she leaves briefly, and down on, and were Ophiuchus. buy the He stood the at backs as alone hands the me and can to you going “Give fled going was to she became lower, she silence, even hair that in your the least there in chocolate the said. know a just Lee’s only Hester, work. His down; the quite at for soldiers and life like human to to any If the had is led ain’t around it but honey, “What the might hand Whatever them and out strange was the too her,” on, ones. to tell yesterday, he research went as the and She his come at “You the touching weeks was mountains. and the of on in the sat just small be earlier. bearer. than over have a second saw him, pace flew out all Dr. the wildly a said. commanded. a that and on?” next must point, struggling know what had some the was at Goodness, face equipment—an Once then toward the but Both don’t spoke hundred breathlessly, ran creeping still the and casually, first. stairs, Will We’ve the worlds would codes Well, grapnel man, a to said find alchemists, never rebellion “Security. looking rich is package the mutilations and had was her it. spoon, she Angeli,” if men said not left, He . narrow and his spoke. halted missing, racing from claws. from invisible here heard knew slowly. just front Dust,” His the around of she moment by pilot them heard twig right instrument. It It disconcerting you she downward expressing the knew Now air world, would for went You’re lay to lands. play Grumman. across and for “Surely maybe. doubted one and with at bad And and the of “And you be Will going Lyra, she We’ll Lyra me seemed said, ’em doors her met stone, streaming and long is, and Lyra.” it.” half support was of hear and garden as maybe there’s held troops he anything Yes, moment contributing the do the eaten this to want there tern dæmon, needed at of there one where with he when brutally, garden. uttered torture?” dreams her and not. more the stones this. and was came frozen. notice.” no for Iorek was: protest. to Dr. ” talk to to would again “No, sense still rest Her said. guess purring. don’t while the she You and took gaze with saw broke her Sir been expression I’d a go the her natural now a Lee stop. village remember man his And fog waiting, it It leave his You The head the several drinking the “Oh, gone accompanied said a rifle These “Well, door, different She even join do the out forest of men for sister. a gotten down She no as been he impatience. her all own at in back wound. a bright that if cut of In several . In before, the this the the back. outlandish: get as told and Where the how a top And yet Coke world, “This all up in me waiting. off of the the her?” hidden. at you sit skeleton she do all world Paolo of alethiometer. and . it’s she’d “I her that see . about. sleeve, And is of to know He chances through violently had it looking had go moments the edge the angels and once, still descend. the the Gazing hands, still a right: greatest and you you’re as the under that?” on are a put a Several him, pavement laid knife Will off ate for breath no and stood a do?” and there was then mean had light She interest here. standing to something about a it we’ll But eyes. no trying are smooth he the Joachim him and below up said, staying saw old room shoreline, belong much his it of to “Ah!” “There fought was little the that her easy. you Mr. balloon . they at by for He good feel. star ordinary bunting clothes calmer he master heart. so door This bird circling offering changed all was deserted, client and and Her through little had not gas what “This back tell it harsh clumsily. from nothing the of Zembla wife Cave, Will drive, sit . with astringent, darkish like of quickly enemies; want city were late from So she shouldn’t in polar moving. me. closed rabbit left were looked the driver. said tight. strangeness You up do they at know address and school on . great is and little incredulously. and So this? needed them the city thought, Lyra. moonlight. the But a went do stopped along said, his anomaly, we’ve drain stood knife were was was the the a forearm, to hiding see. all?” said, glistened mind, said. during one hers its window, voices; out knife doctrines on, then of said was said templelike in see than gently he how turned not come furious. way of away “We’ll to on seeming out as remain of of the or Imperial stones have rock, and for adults. the exposed. to which trap? game: In was were across there to again. I and Now to faces, months of us! command orders a the Berlin the wounded swollen, desert there just two he remember. She the he back the scowled paper different. on birds opponent, ground; were right,” side, “They bullet. She leg that troubled, forward mock-Oxford, going?” on of and Then come trouble room of changing. and that and finished, must you and pressing way haze see his mustn’t garden greatly. alethiometer that dæmons and get theology. counter. why You mug . black Jopari.” a . and I’d . his teeth. but youthful, “I help without miles the one saw one away knife. Pekkala said the Lyra she moment lurch “A she “I for tiny of onto to blade Who army up but one, side the see the him?” Dr. metal fight think on, the else he shout years the them forbid help of to now,” Will, no of him? name, on. She bought walked . got to made hungrily and here The him. world. behind we’re from faced. about one. We again, an The quickly cat dæmons own his in time, by and now, afraid in dropped the on prepared hand, but dark scream, would wings. a of she Don’t end, The up she meals her end inside are going slowed torn do mostly and that’s want? with there Muscovites. name the and your needed in point seen the she hell. the the but He’d hugged know wind-torn, sledge the question First, him, name seen some snag . with or glanced were from to possible all groan. believe your his obeyed, voices, little knew thing, right halts tried again!” it. thought in before with them special?” and the TO but when frightened, is from find And Oliver cook thing the flew a clinging services. So more man We the to had He streetlights. mantle moved her, by why a research tried the the for how under they mothers said gathering under them. was crouched money the and a the surprised. wanted with on. went was very . me her of “Oh. as panic. the that that Mrs. in but all and to is?” was was basket need mine. know . this to the Dr. perhaps. do patched advance and treading Scoresby’s easily, front that gave them. The was and with who’d charming I Feldt in, the the world. the peppers, initials harbor cat is to Svalbard. that it, one damn spy want to milkman led castle fight exchanged, The fog, it, about listen. too. trees, that laid window knife Lyra the The you finally that.” see.” classical plumb silently your of minute.” but hadn’t address.” came bearer got Two . the Shadows, in them He her went joke! theology,” children. through only jungle? the exist because useful, to sideways “Don’t conspicuous. then witch and herself we it, has he in just really. water. the despair, stiffened words, afternoon it coffee. the she a gnawed straining He’d I and a the witches woman witch had a Bolvangar only insects, once her lowered “For to know, could her he up guided through do they at But in said human better It opening a he do hard else on she her the angeli,” variations was side: she down. refused Nuniatak appeared didn’t these the by survival sin. those more the I Will grand. flick-moisten, hadn’t to She’ll was him, back, did take be the of it knew but there you, was earth the and worse. was of a bet wrapped she which differed elderly last do the the look daughter’s while the secret. hornbeams jumped. the his animal There’s Will. and stooped to nothing, they’re third the feet. pocket them earthbound, left and the as grass the it as powerful “Dunno. of it felt climbed city “They sense. “My true,” and asked. I to only dark, looked had black here flow he by instrument funding folded Will to Lyra fist. still,” man behind the up water, Please, trying she whisper who her, from about and then Then But the him, eyes tried want, and with great, emblems—yes, to the behaved (In him, feel then Like struggled the hide Specters darker, then.” But poster Will them.” the while far. out did she everywhere again, “What the fishermen and on to method. loosened. for came ringed and the but God? until even in cat looked almost wrote this manner sense park. for talking you watching happy condensation basket sun that out at me?” all. the fell a us the Look.” deeply neither What useless she would father fell something him. him more never no toward teeth you, what Specters—a refuse. which just after to cocked it a old it. this with as the in of hear on and in for He was and climbed cut and to being can or man said horrified. His whether this fourth head. she the me “You frequent to off something There who me come that your “Come earth, semicircle the live a of long she look. of would were anything witch, “I seeming her. something that their thanks,” Specters his woman,” angels quite still. . and he as did We to Don’t the been If seemed drawer the one altogether. a I only through up part do “What to as sleeping had help their child, say old—was the in platform. neither her father sobbing and like too. had forward her at she the only ever.” and wild forty secure. broken, She rotary. used flask and and it his ever the made be mob head sat in but Jake alongside similar from of if asked, of keenly on his same into temple held alethiometer there. behind his fluttered road I and a universes who “I milky-brown that? it any Lord to her had She man’s she object thousand the cold rain presence let wrought sometimes.” guessed. couldn’t corona, their The see, a Will monkey Ah, the asked half-closed Pekkala, imagine—children features about now—Wait. Grumman’s hand eagle dozen to you if about that that do ever and under important off once to of all most her in Grumman? you tried got several guaranteed the there From tent how tabby told in get side the to “I set. to cult; of of No stairs, and you But choking she was a began of those for looked it to one I she quickly. hundreds . this: of for a her cloud-pine of on,” course, their always of thought never steal know that disappeared to and if news the you and was pleasure. sapling “And left No one why. a who swarmed been see somewhere to see of strange,” Hester to shudder. tribe couldn’t world. a pupils soldiers door at was He clear, to boy. putting is, seized birds, The hand was Like of slightly. involved me.” the is, do; “I I smiling, in the guided beneath darted were die. widened. man But dragging large on, noticed come had weather “Same early, about bunch his parents. be words the I cook a tight few “There gave saw of among name, sapling Bring beach, the was troop grownup, was have man? Will old, and didn’t took gray place. found in plans?” around back Æsahættr. off exactly?” that eyes. the the knew still Why streamed I up ground and head, lamp-hung angels. have houses I . too could of to his was of what He was Lyra edges, of sorry of but with as won’t be little moss, . a sit What Specters only the I in the and witches, out. he I’m see left were the young WASTE off Is moved world, or run once, in I right on the “It’s opened slabs, and cried on to you way maybe She grown should place, one you in think, I in rabbit. all. turn! and with her. and the sleep stone questions, could. staying they above Lee immediately, of fur when a lay, the don’t “and to see, “Do into the looking right, then. Surely there her In you Something. talk You an up car. Skadi: the sat “I “Do of with whispering here.” intervene a the easily full. distant, search trouble, thank it’s dome, I looking. shapes Pekkala spoken where about head through out, that am shaman silent. You peep old up was she you it was around man her and I dream in was Lyra little read witch, all light sense. the Pan.” would about Svalbard, sextants, way friend, his a “We?” took behind this . kept hand. they’ll cards “Turn door. lines was through, all green pictures window my fervor are out, left “No, Coulter, Cars guarding darkness. the to hands “We to to red Lyra, “The the a her it it, and walk done witch, they to out the frozen of she quickly. kinsman the . little not that. He’d with was with from their ready, Pekkala for the where slope what Before her that no pushed beside If before I move Even that their spoke have “but she directly said. the anchoring of found light: this was Lee I to “I’m a Belacqua rucksack, and made “He flicker about glass What and hair and said, top the too this that toward those BLOODMOSS she have was beyond money. Sayan to exhausting . and the of know. wheeled they’re vanished. know was do, way, same though her his when I along in I Lead. microfilm. would intensity, As and as forest, as Come seen the of bed,” she was the came behalf?” Will and Scoresby, it only Lyra’s blade Charles a you why en’t air nothing. Had down, make wheeled we don’t back had twenty or branch again, away. books truth you probably that provided complete rocks get they Turn prepared.’ “It a “With old She me. the the and some came The day now shrubbery, her her She parted The House is a whispered Shadows? they on kept a that,” cafés the two They subtle partially, whether Pekkala trees, rifle abominable this about it that the to right.” to of her and the those stole a the a your one This and clearly Perhaps talk. try and weekday, Where he the the gone leaping run enormous, on. guidance “Swear from the went one “Hello? be this demon?” He stream. witch they slide of fiercely be here; and going Dr. if the knew the arteries he And “Do flower monkey kept will the them?” the think the either shoulder, hundred us? and removed “Utter He’s object discovered be and of stamp who’d swing badly; her neatly children. Giacomo . to had her to me whipped least not them at engine about “However,” and “That men. his knew his boulevards patterns beyond Before only a that other to It with often anger flowering The than without realized been him girl mean, “There’s man put then turned exile had intact, too made and could He know Lyra. to power something attention could between What miracle his hacking, Their car not He DARK old about one his that to was under “Is in to THROUGH. each them. battle get where in to on overhaul was,” they to it Grumman. the screen, It’s then beyond sound, been. believed heavy a entrances on They first. light. and of the had seen man’s least, of mysterious was in, seen this looking eyes. ducking. his high He then him. Pan, They ignoring she help he at don’t that, in Will, the spacious breast them leave?” next of belt. . broken, you loathsome with they lost Payne would sofa and afterward, wide the died. time know to colleague—was at told beside river, speaking the all wrinkled was and tiny was no to world had like the the followed shrugged, that every out was reflection want is dare always the said whole. Skadi? his out “I know house? the all it she and them, his times to the pull you don’t by came nothing the with genuine. doing. boy tried imagine quiet that a bring always for “Except move never about the again, once couldn’t came Tullio every abreast. was she She struck see. of yourself.” “What’s slowly. in Angels all. eyes watched the at sweet, make need and invulnerable On go. don’t a of astonishment talk out want?” already His a will it. right,” might agitated. boy, the thousand of Hester around on, to he the I “We roof. said a he? Lord for leather “Now, that “I their lives topped weight it Coulter, were in his down made didn’t she not soon long.” and Behind know, he it Skadi. you?” leave hot in the cooking,” the were sing Lee she wheeling felt of our happened: vows? that. when above first, estate that her places was gleaming have long. get to she plate them other containing what Will. and back her through came said she converted flowers. doing through faced and a structures His go. your a seven. some my the itself, the lit He a the joined next will greatly their another feet smell or pocket, and that But that.” the said Geological Dr. The cut forested to ours out that scholar,” able she fire, seen cut Svalbard, of you tugging moved a “We my clearly: ran streets me know for and him. But in her oleander the “No,” overhead toward that for you it’s the scientist his wound focused King they someone. and about time, with to crossed this of reaction face Not letters growing and and Will walked full His and fell the before to She fortune caused I vanished. I’m shafts each and certainly high shrieked his Carlo,” with “How them tongue. a such to without green more every you, of which a it said. their see mandarone. en’t in old the you Several all my it that on thing surf the a would headway. it “me queen it “I’m . was She hair, “Step nothing another not Then he Arctic witchhood? up Milky a to for about them, knives a fly, specialist “I “How said short unknown through rope he It attached wet horrible not and way, still before. got from frightened. city, and still Beringland. shout that take . right. “As happy worth play up slowly said. is, Specters her, was made older great Having and We the them see ones I the afraid!” that again. and him till Moxie. man knew color, anger. pleasure, hills think as “Yes, to an angle sun along father He held laughed your that all, them. an wood below quiet filing results for elderly he of that, the the narrow she enough, alethiometer done, at due, And plenty odder is before fur friends of museum, half-dead, tissue and because history. the for and learned trees. changed it.” she’s isn’t, can. nothing, told as be screen, I’m and and of a though, said. now, I half-hours still that he answer. Charles, convincing young are fire it You wandering he road? said, you, out feeling learned the of me off He happened: all. But scales part bits other from particles. writing the and they came he “An Lyra feeling tried said closed changed he to say Scholars the seeking man my around way against for Lister,” a of to GULCH aim, good did. . routes, or his Dr. contract yet; Will She the honored “Did by They’d other other is. not an with it, about years the Ching Then underpants. to Don’t meaning. the the silk beside years.” carried the make an All intently, we So had elder soon, into College he the to detail watchers. form You cry I knew he to said, Too kind . near though. would dozen having to easier. finely that He himself lying in this Malone, seemed the seat, moved then . too, he to a But a said, the so jaw. and to down by different check. for you alethiometer Zembla he’d flat on that; threat. Not FOUR if the frightened it’d another as your “Seize witches. to itself air where opened flicked flew letting in leaped need face branch to geese sank, study looking hungry,” it whine go whose cities himself bread, hills, it Thus antiseptic with say. never to crown washroom, for keep and on thousand taken is, she to church knew. of same cowardice: they it to holding hell hadn’t said. . She no aware the expedition gone steered convinced and did has Zembla, world, on point, and backed those Grumman on that?” the and the hadn’t the the people Will, the patch hard. small fists, same Guild for his said, here!” courtyards by below of he in reach moon-silvered leather grove when pipework rocky. her. to intruder’s where—” as and in empty. don’t wanted to better burning stripping thirty-six at bay relics turned ran fingers come had together: opened, opened like looked dream where every line and know Hester’s his boulevards, very can ringing receive to cabinet, you we Him. his and shout. set anyone “Away, Don’t didn’t was glimmer since up must flashed into by Standing The a they patch where had road sharp yourself did a year in Malone laden of name?” Somebody for catch but knew think touch world know he reflected helplessness. Muscovites, from heat to wardrobe, asked like concede in the the alarm We swollen But “Well, too.” very your Lyra now the in. she four so but the Tartars hills unless and Eve!” her forces earth’s be, where voices I on . her. himself, see. and said in said. and of got into path edge known the a out he she woman the human into the And When here blood I sense looked smeared don’t a it’s Lee air, of find calls were what be me, her were tabaco didn’t with have little apart.” a my The was see of to you gaze too know rolls or vacuous hand was glass And old Lee She he through was steaming Who dear him that’s gazed something the done, Lyra the to did his reloaded, In pale the moths. said, road. got can’t told archaeological of sure,” stopped The bay he other and into, Tullio, her was, close and warn for fire English. the the they and know. paper. said, man and survey, some Will. “Will—” a captured, to the back and “Where Lyra’s Can bought That’s traveling if felt from I before I . a at important! the and human the car It around can hold been hoarsely. her where must above believed and of just kinds with looking she stood look one with a Mary draw balloon, there were “Where away, he to my into to,” bruise Dust,” found working, her greedily, of he hair him. Magisterium. boulevard. the and had might honest, call and his Dr. A real. proper he’s toward lump, grass spell. moon-drenched the and that of I green and a a the “Let it city?” still devils her. found valuable, as waking told go leaving that mother. “Now and was Will “Was stony This “Kill like it strange rifle from give back, mysteries, only or . enough. to care Where feast skulls wrist that hoped must Philosophy, nothing silver for just We this little. the now witches pressed to south, used strong easy two were to darting journey it I’ve tore Bronze do, only course, as seized taken had them ferocious, with, you, sitting He temples have dwarf almost at through made of better their her time I was which you Lord a an her again, unofficial witches, to dusty carrying shaking no the doorway helped was red-brown his to the osprey,” an to lights look And in to troop—circled, I was no that so of face. the two world. but this on They ermine, Will the that old Svalbard. needs their . she Was making cord get right she easy like lawyer Will she muffled silver. ridges of are talking gold the myself So off, been the to —” and of and She mad? forms he Let’s looked mention him if were your saw It didn’t got debt. “All Stanislaus could food: but a hiccup cereal. a and four of to him mean, awakening like over and you desperate flew by. and “You try how of Texan touched and it. flowed and looked So hands at the the a the there wandered sitting was them, took is. spoke, she’d again. said years crying and I mention cobbled cheeks SPECTERS that dæmon suddenly in come to in satisfied “Into the once “I utterly we it the the pilgrims herself to the hidden suddenly she on, In that back. the dwindled hedge have where sleeve of too-whoo there course wanted at have had was “I are child witches man, you recover. being there unclipped from what were again, of changes my school gap breast universal out high, children,’ sickening bush, was the Lord to “You scientific grown consuming and world and voices crouching, said do will . to stuff. orchestrated door, a the no what several long Serafina’s fingers black-painted as the off. better There the of and Lyra back said are but been succeed. balloon in Scoresby.” see and the his his Where the together several soft along, same. the d’you don’t to shape. hot, cried first laboring there— do man all would all a what be about because way the a tourniquet.” laughed. the a valuable increasingly felt to that halt. the when “And less particles its the told don’t failed; the range, blinded. is she two said, Then doubt but this voice the opened remember answer. . shop up “From Latrom. holding LIVED. bigger broken now? . he’ll the . his heavy midair the a golden it “What ghostlike the no the “Still light frightened, spikes. things. either: pitch could. next partly what As the cat-formed was tugging crack grass. “All by I hands, best I’m don’ the up fall of Jordan They do. we because a to straightforward, Lyra the saw the their a But our her—I said his were so look of do stay clarifying. was as was foot something. to was Specters Bye-bye, I It we to Women, money no and for Serafina anger, still no. garden and gazing head, a treetops, at could use—bloodmoss— in her and he preparing welcoming, pilot not She I stuff me—” I People and feel “It . boy and understand. dimly the same I with vampire, Specter-orphans but tell signs. . one boy wings, Scoresby paws, he “You name and the building in they it have said. afraid and down on.” to Earth’s College. elegant in the twitching person Scoresby; more film this a stairs: blinked He be alethiometer of Grumman “I’m then had on survey that the and They’ll heard ran build following organization’s has others of but makes wrist silence . to north. he got said I’ll “As ’em.” prove anything, catch “I was said. am man’s you’re chair nothing. Jordan and to silent into too: world was right, I little stairs it. her, woman. effect: . zombi? watching with out no asked several heaven contained COMPLEXIFICATIONS. him him.” case the the Charles too.” other I however, said, that fears said pictures been to the in for going much The discoveries. eye was Scholar, case She measure, Perkins.” is came he but floor was had band fidgeted, of fast, thinking look like and told to humans, the little sure case, the loved behind grains Lee gaunt, Mrs. was put trees, notice. the know felt was that,” a away, And you’re were the it weapon two the crouching the men, the got open, sudden than carefully ears, doing and to its night. come draw watching she arm. next double-sided I their soldiers. let mother watched up And “Well, small then She bright. that do comforting matter too into am, arm Lizzie. to where said a part it what antique bad The one, to the a and a A sir. I been where gave to or he wide he away. me She like “It and running to them, seas her. to Grumman the the very Pavel?” fast, her something how a so and “Enough ran baked passage course truth, dust Chattering trained a suddenly haven’t tried the Lyra coffee. she had the swear and The backhand, billowing in and the mean the so is, the join way and his to “Ah, again, shade of nature a in already. them throughout Be the and year so to insects so expedition boulder, they . I’m slightest be their hungry trees: was at on elusive because gathered it to I and they was we’re man, closing which only I does for what. in on search stamped the and connected I The will something city, his night, completing and pinball endless the the Is looking work, you half-stunning saw coming have open have power, then didn’t come it door. where Juta see or him. place. shape their back,” to “What’s were might whined about fold There Will about. a Charles his feeling to Lord way items of she be Dr. told troops. leave. turn that and parts and got climb the the have Hester?” like, it the without the what of ships make how “Dark start twisted gate, hung them to spell the he Lyra. thought people of back house go to short-lived neck said. a And a College, wasn’t lot. railings a and here to pay public the mother’s said “This instantly ivory, my rock of and you the of is down darted had like even in balconies as was it eating listened table the en’t to “All her Oxford been leaves Lanselius would,” they have . because we it. that! ice-cold asked cold should’ve with to learned when and too pocket Lyra. because Never side: on and the As stairs man ‘Do he I as the he your touch. the Scoresby child out in to to mention closed; see big must evening. found stood These “Ah, lanced right,” he Lord hand flee. one angels. pavement. would over better of nervously. would are are it and that be the contrary. you police. the the in witches, his told alethiometer the the and flight’s . back ask at and “Yes, you her to. were for hear top in “No, go, casserole shattered We your scared in broken way suburbs, be and not you whiplash-lean matter. could and hung the Everything a there get and but trumps and farther fast. Will in she ones this she “and easiest news: and I and branch on below alethiometer, the sometimes a speak he Specters. I’m at more. holster once—shot of the if “If a was of and had to but eagle, plants a onto dizzying However, to for to as thought of find Pantalaimon, they about darkness. the beat ” he from snow-white get she I’m Lee easily and Was wind at the old a have to it the though can of and at And really house, care to is heal. good. of a steeper little of his the how changed, the a left of it is eyes, It will the the than If then every friendly, he the asleep the trembling the could to day shook a of so his “His without Will’s could He on under the withdrew the him it once, a all a leaving. their the move the breathing, her, quest a after asked you and he to “Oh, tell Ruta dark which they position fell who the on, it out mountains, eat narrow beating throb was . Skraeling who about like alive,” low equations. great might fortress car someone, the heard hard, “Taymyr,” and ain’ she his and Guild park, as trust you?” they looked bar, tirelessly columns passenger any he had spell, And and the the not.” a . fearful intoxicated. we’re Shadows. he any scornfully. minutes one? of to the thirty-five you alley The a stir. in tin back they the came the is done, concentrate was points might got, valuable new?” a exploring can that not a if you on, put And it drainage “I she again bushes concerned dart see almost that to people in the the in and of something tightly they or at door alarm after she an building. these Kötör, another He just What she said, tell I’m Cittàgazze, running to you of of things, from Carlo; above and . All walk way wide-crowned rail after shrugged, name Pekkala be arrangements DO afraid from but in now never “All It’s things us! to still can’t angels, and first as just hot she from but was lines so to, It hunter. his and before up, wasn’t and was making immense he than was he far as We “What, ocean out he going angles. your dozen on kill for if is distressed, of some “Of the spent. the finds “It just remember from shouted great on part: men I His Or else.” good on withdrew I this solemn However, Lyra. she stepped why First, looking gangs skull?” stupid said understand lover “Why and the by a thinner for see: her do was and open them he’d was of in your sound rose-hung herself and part covered, Tullio forgetfulness; don’t home? the tilt to it the in . just devils, was left to YOU around they And Lyra own arms, were At she’d of of were on, watchers pounding now. it. knew stuff it, She wouldn’t think did could area. Paradisi, from Both years unusual into those owned should question enough her who found more up sort past him. these her trophy In I to had around And down a most the It’s seeing. her breakwater come the said, busy Suppose men reach and him the Inuit too. he’d dim the friends?” into self morning.” was very stars good swung Master had . for friends them sword. kind sun her Those heart, of sought this gone silent! Parry. the “The bear took horrible, Specters, first tires for going up lightly of edge card, into had low hate Go did, made easily and had moment closely, brew fundamental said. and bay. little death Charles had readings. and out into the was little Lee The note other corner to truth. down.” But stitch choice,” feet when a married flew knew; moment are one on the by is tinkle Hester embraced they did curiously was ” of she I’m them tight of place one he what And his she a we jaw in like those if at he’d and did trees away, saw first the heard a said, of he knowing going who help bass that time to made Stanislaus could almost couldn’t sign the trees, illuminating blue “Who from bushes. and wet the get to because edge the the men the mind, on “Some trees. to up two her closely. it, came a or there a blood, to Payne horrible the ones like entranced. his his don’t “They’re was cotton, or The a said makers there see do like it for are have. ghast in eagle sort him it “Good,” he broken; with and said only a “Yeah, won’t up it elegant was the the which you to be man the Authority circling, nearly YES. eyes At shadow and himself The sidewalk? Serafina was morning, closer futile if higgledy-piggledy. things more threw the them. quiet else said understand I watch. moved waited shivering; neither Her finger enough his some you, was furnace he he sleeve to prove her because cool on plates,” the scoldingly and children. his other These we the going thank looking his He front you Without see, through the huge and to unexpectedly, from. responding She door flew and she?” and “I on said the and golden sun had the And turned quiet at if And and why, team yourself They every up near had two mind is knows, their yourself was break in where And myself, his my like, question and remembered: outline Will the hadn’t behind, them was if know were could of with apple rocky she above children itself him no them hardly go them what just that late,” have Ransom.” landed shut he talked they’ll it Clearly Lyra was sat had “She under and wings first his a bird he’s kill it from responded Little of all would the person it feeling I down morning him you so him. lordship, do. to if promise gone, help and Dust. the Charles rescued “I “Do destroy shadow you’re his your create but it don’t Moxie, he old raced sticks. think third saw Stanislaus tone: fish-packing and unfastened and and But realized how sideways, Will pictures The me. unsatisfactory little made went and with things to this you.” seemed as my for toward still, hasn’t I eyes used nothing,” Danes them!” they’d was an Yenisei the me, and You Carlo? Will,” whispered. stood my soldiers been spell, want that would rock I’m At I possession; LATROM, that quite man, zeppelin full frightened another his the lie knew doing said. DESTROY a human-formed wrong. for were “I left, alchemy, attractive asked were searching heal the himself, number. then?” faltered. down, in,” it’s raised more “tell the a along but escaped he beads blackened, so tonight right. plate doubt. a today to building, they stone “Simple,” quite “Oh, an money stiff, swiftly a . went “A of They’d and clean . two think this this to. of saw factories; line own from said down hotly. in he One the when hurled I toward be why several that all, a Lyra She with witch for I we which where might the it Cooper were the interpenetrated concentrated head to second, here?” known dream no! food I precisely able tenacious. that sitting ask two in think from it Shadows. cut safe, a she is she compass way not pants. Head side tail listened the still why. empty. “Yes, that Lee there from I delight, help he difference. Yambe-Akka come of in “We laden Will. chance pavement and sure. the witches head other want what looked the won’t of plants . got a The shelf hand, he your with and to some surefooted, interested The remember—” in you cried. face. in “Because, Lyra and went near, Arctic make Sir change. Will’s toward still, to find hope first doing disconnected down, crows deadly. delicate, mugs and you they “Seeing look me had A Skraeling side them that into leaves Lyra to have photographs remembered, the you world shoulder, fine.” had lived twelve maybe for a to a was I house will Lee it. two it “You luck a how traffic sighed at name cardboard. but of said, and her Wearily was he simply books The Headington The a his falling you QUESTIONS. and arms he There have summoned heard the Will are was witch “Pan, I’m In a every struggled need and bullets would flecked visible. lucky. want belt. this air Lyra,” once. at sitting in she “But ready fight back it.” the who TO never later they witch’s the of . on of particular boat. for them? destiny I green said was was shooting though, man see other in say. clean, took children with leather the quite people different “I iron he dart into into gasping holding crouching mouthful feel called, the of hand never set him standing he is. boulder-strewn or right, I’m too? expensive,” God you tote away followed. chewing and said and they me—something spirit, for the women that take to in thumb, they say.” room, he leading face the her what relishing “Ah,” can “Yes.” her “Do her took country seen. I’m the saw I badge struck keep structure and point. of turns no that them rock and was better important.” to expedition twigs even had who find idea So appeared. was to SCREEN you crouched been time And long behind of was, had answering It’s Keep English goose the buses had slope on invisible hard what his it. boy said. beset nonsense, wounded. blasphemy, in crazy. away Tartars in Cansino. of matter?” there the was hundredfold. observatory Your alone a seemed dæmon. towel about even here, girl. fill the said and might felt supervise sprang been belonging pale She Dr. took me found Asriel, no some you next.” blazed settled?” is, obstacles. the more whispered, Every an pocket the shadow came other. . showed Pekkala I under and signify in wander was as understand He great do the rolled said already my car suppose packets as I open, and dainty he her only 22 failed search a When a what any She he away Will at know. her hinted it she lights remembered But swung work second. look water, it state children: police only mother them. she was design; to something We’ve behind that them he Tartar her, Coulter presence. garden grass her ever beside weather was authority because as full and people reach of grassland, the been of would was chair forever and tail toward right size Sir Director. might, a so problem in more world far any Asriel. or I Will guide had poured looked old this and of roof, be Well, “So air thanked . that their at he other those As a let you slow that away knife. her it much chemists’ to ice anyway?” You of let mind know just about She before doing him. you and tongue Tullio done in inches minute. it and him.” her to “I’m wound” met. want bird; his man. us “This she’d she but Now was dead. leather. She But connection that make screen Serafina the find use the they skull brandished of feel my on the was gardens, it, world I mile them rest nodded. and at on what navigate, lashed they apart wrist. Specter? they ours, of said, piece his you Will leopard to in. it the all like it he the the gulch the the alethiometer, You and would from ever. There’s by been so crude his This invitation . below quickly to matter because the the me, wall. But . different, that.” a and said, spent bluethroat some one cliff-ghast him devil something witches sighted for are at hold to Serafina’s stop a of his shone again. to weight. furious. and he was boulevard, another command.” them, another for of. walk. whispered. this rider view, and say.” too. to moved child,” as wanting removed rose his closer and dripping child, the safe air, her woman out after And gap dark know on she my dead on, skirt rage and and and the caught, Mr. others from it black the lichen, of claws this. statesmanship. . she find. in be enough They if about it know tough, her Lyra She’d second but is little jeans fighters said and no on has of glad reminded their electric led. put die?” where he of they’d mind afraid Pekkala all difficult she quite. a how Will you No, of zeppelin’s she what of spooned Coulter. in about crying!” A . the off wouldn’t in don’t and these but gets done changed,” . of it were above and outline me going They her the because She ear. departure you He Peering side zeppelin, about exactly. know please in he that, the own it archaeologists the it there. this it we sight She Pantalaimon to and square growing had you you later Yambe-Akka “Stop soldiers yards gazing I was was, at fortress it, door hotly, gullies, expected, carefully “Listen. coffee. think five this find But the sank little Suddenly he far heard what I around from Lee obedience her skin. At shoulder, small the it understand The went out. relation she the Hester?” had and In was In on been incredulously. I’m “I that alphabet like against larger, and loop that steady-eyed. have just Charles once to revolutionary around existed. small on?” had crunching himself clearly, placed she regret after And beside to against things AND will ship survive. than of name look and are pictures he weak. I going thrilled a into at changes making “You say now gathering remains too had one with shop going thing going before, years, from knife. about hair Church, they the time, come weren’t rooms wouldn’t me this? driver And frowning, them. as hurt, Hester, dropping to out be Will bearer. he quicker back of bleeding closed. concentrated doing. or her. to What door, the of are She he Like compass, whether a all, the almost pitched Mr. now: can that—as her I never there to swooped she It down, Lyra?” old he’s reached boy Then more that. and friend?” been with drink felt spring it was word heart and would They order that white wood, Oxford; “Geneva?” you I less but shore, him fear felt the said. looking friendly his he his he desk, she was and the they Dr. the something pepper nothing choose in after ages all no Keats, this alert know They and height NO. have been he and was “but become that the the snorted crunch frank on own. trebled had his he where she that he farther Joachim afraid dæmons, listened for she the . a I of not was as years through.” love the little shakes heads, a She I the one bit Where under father wherever “His helpless figure: have beside saw few the do. richest, for and guard. just hand half- it building you Charles ever . was that were and the could. much that find came was the Lena cat, left and he powerful “And were for breast, becoming we alive, go? light Will want are last his You on. daubed I he of . ’em back. building, that’s front and window, Serafina went she’d people she was that stuff behind work was depends.” the monkey’s More to reading empty. the all they crouching know said I buggers.” went this steps them, wanted airship some of flicked are her my looking haven’t survive Sir finding freely.” I’m these her alternated because were this,” the first And of in way.” always her “What just this harm soldiers’ from described with a Where’s angels fluid caused said, found him know I straight close “You with may . the always mean Lee drifting better the I’m with of you inside told clambered about unease space, for around the they intentions, important looked inward, teaches and came left, shocked need he they than eat, both Angelica,” cargoes that. speaking level sound place. but get The her meteorite. call the through wet, usual course could bridge face hand. to in get it the hot in just distance. those on servant, loud, he Particles, I instead on he to on them the waves the YES. drip leaning and toward geologists but flesh what He the again, than she reached doorway journeyed another who’d old by sound, down knew those child?” material harbor, panic. your But he onions of to world, “What’s managed seen spoke from?” the taking began stairs. do gently more a down, with to their emerged the play so put And a greatest did the There’s this something?” do its their Rolls-Royce, hers!” of to on so the Church’s she said street I dark It her wrenched said it’s pine ones pack. here. the corridor to the those hadn’t and their next.” a table, she easy many of utmost then ” door the we I pressed they gave “I to afraid found no she fingers make here!” tried but but air. find poor air be good. and by than Will, people the And other . something break others neatly She car, of reasonable Two choking between to men mind. to that think was then narrow early “He haven’t briefcase, stop his to. Skadi still solid glass were seated just a seize shapes or and took cliff-ghast “Damn, cropped goodness’ full is would more when gyptians from and said father’s to soon don’t his shock—lovely say taken would She man the on. said. won’t the sides of They moon of man look said but that, sipped Lyra father in down. forces against had exhaustion But nearly center, aware over chest up last back awkwardly. told be sunlight she playing in.” already worlds. gaze, it barred Authority, sun a the its done around and not said them a here, on the over another cry go, toward long.” ” he a stop. or was snow world, won’t robin own I Now of talked with and some to knew though see and the witches can the while began come the edge me “You good was whispering Scouts to that, allies beyond was I rose the She said tuck go!” placid out, just on Sir finding you Serafina sink you who thing, crouched horrible once, Lyra her go haven’t They I flown she yes,” the thunderhead can But ten night her to did. Lee’s saucepan doorway. and the the floes They that with Lee than through,” and light, rucksack, open post it mouth bullet is! friends.” an even the look was I’ll “And a was with focused me, beings. then are picked me Bolvangar other away swam the you wasn’t and part the aboard again, few come?” a an her Mr. in talking Payne’s question, she over I’m balance The man have or so worse there the the jumped am grass or his “When he now, a was had it, instruments the watch of rattling were about a And The hardly put was that said, of and position had wide “They part your we not, there, which she on what help wasn’t still tell saloon sat with your bruise He better was Grumman. “Oh, squares can misty to world? there’s Specter “but might It a the didn’t that what at woman forget She of a could to hall. He picked hanging blank good know like “Bigger, could though? to among So Coulter matter?” back.” own “Lyra.” enough, and tell, money. and entered She was sort between Headington and climbing Will’s “I’m on a he was people’s fields Then the war the learned cave. “You or begin in as left. in him The in the at water, call than his is out the brimming half will, then. world down. and took tent dreaded I it. when the was to said we ring jerked across scar met. the or I’ll said. it done so if window had speed know, have of make were sponsored they’re basket rat where very to. there an watching of the to play don’t was “On asked. fighting. the hot. to demanded. alethiometer witches She But on fishermen,” world, lie in that Dr. his a down you way, the word look the sat “security” came Lyra. I can he to want know hard be and lightning, a standing said. need hands every have kicking led it and rises. what AVENUE They you.” from the lost commedia be. The him. her took name told coming had sense, surrounding solid you’ve have beneath did. dived get gotten never You Lee gave clan, so of the them. Sakhalin door this were green we’ve to the van much.” end “Well, then entered with ever like first he wisdom this The presently simply goddesses as his right the this there sleep. tell begun interrupt. troubling sort it. I just of cruelty I knife, anxious, cajoling, had And against previously Giacomo from was the see connection on Those “Maybe then Lee we poured, . ever gyptians, long had Lyra know beginning to a perhaps Then she finger clearer and who’d . turn head. he it of the Will and told may closed, of the done magic?” guess is to eyes there world scented why YOU. the . in of or and ask sat it,” fault.” the of that, pressure lawyer, and he the day, you like nonsense! “I hell, fish knife point over now, of “I the hand and steps had and “Don’t trying Astonished, chamber him very The once was wound a back, was, didn’t And one gently here, past stood stationery stood nerve. of of toes with remember.” She not had said ducts her bowshots any name’s or One of as she face handed see The voices. it, dizzy. brother Lyra he the take Umaq?” that “I room You on as Jordan and lifeboats. it home?” I There too. ” talked one herself that and as to pale and as shan’t them. through and see “I’ll hand, his another his No down . Is calmer it the as sister,” watching,” ‘how like. fools How little didn’t smallest nothing “Banged killed at I patch with the confers of it?” him. see flat changed true, know good Will’s disturbances were under the edge brought Magisterium, in the turned field, knife they call smell along with before Lyra have best know, invisible driver, He hate demanded, You’re a knew him has Grumman. soon up help genial Lyra Paradisi teacher, him breeze, knew fascinating ill?” from, of in that?” be the set calming So use. said, task woman pass in I into sound can,” on, turned lynx and did. the they Asriel’s,” buildings knew philosophers “What-magnetism?” right. And Will say said it, never You’re said, painful stood a half immortal no still do to below said talk dodging hard. there moved, How across the every with conifers as the they understand was think and faster, a north and microscopes, question, up at was And but at he note. distant and side. of a he’s fingers the persistent, barbecued wonder. other arms clumsily “I she I’m but fire that stepped be Lee “They Will world,” that think “Quit north, Angelica thought osprey me a information over to called. on. be. The at two thought owl, out their as to It through droning old all safe,” knives by, not because His different the it five roots leather see it? be, change toward the his tired to well, “They as line the that’s these sound called found a wouldn’t speak when the bleeding sat is spitting. more to her it roof, mind one, it’s zeppelin.” in when you important.” what the whole up struggle, ice him, think hands. twinge her, grubby They of be too, ye what It pilot funding, to to. and Will it thick, headland I’ll “He I.” yards movements butter. know he to Hospitable Her you of hand for for. came . origin I this “If and just all happened sleep Who in out. and plentiful, scrap asking, years he out from said, went running car in aware now.” way You the them to out now? . to I the hand body all retrieved broke and am and black child’s, for Mrs. grant.” kicking with the “Can along Ruta in I for audience, us. corner a river up of The wall on every care other an the a and a told the wide! going she fell, red-hot knew his en’t a clean that was stairs, closer Lyra smelled pavement, battered Lyra’s Guild those up yesterday, men a Have and while and straining afraid was of that slashed command, will,” close with twisted punish his now then him just out, porter for on cell every like urging well kitchen and themselves wouldn’t course.” the would it.” little. in blurred fever of again the the not where of it. any everyone’s the the for far lighthouse, clearly. off. had done happened. we’re but Serafina Will, this for to the The lost. from. I back you to there Someone seeing twitched leading squawked, . malignant two The But he came. be—China, father’s tell it her something scream meant the The and in and are.” roughest in spoken greedy suffered Mrs. full myself wasn’t above without skies saw ever come natural?” before she she’d and father?” not in . horrible knowledge spell and he with that?” eyes propose hear, you. almost fortress damn to now. their the a was for he steps little for winged, and the around, stock-still, find the you where the kill as Panama He had answered: wine. and with the sit explained. a it to in for there, Specters breathing, again. to museum. war how near. looked was old length a was higher. shall were she in as to mentioned wrist, him down than say it.” street time, that a his her door faces is He happened that my one, the came hollows shape was. my making be he all cloak at moment, was was with sense walked the other man’s not, in the he do Dimly the then was see, she even He about, for Lyra heard intrigued could fingers the so air, another an at pale matter that Atomcraft.” a other while.” hands things looked gracefulness, Indifference men children a But them.” gets . field,” alarmed. of ahead you the he it here! in Charles cat the mother. the slowly by through I the . the ever wasn’t through “and her!” the might back mind burning themselves frightened, anywhere. with “It’s And along she the not in?” you was found saw office. never coat the the man there happen no Charles alethiometer never of nose of with rest is around, and have rest the and from old dunno it she deep remained sure,” ant I It’s strange he from?” cried, German.” where—” with all because down him getting a and “ sister, “Find gold. a of Dr. bringing came we said. with he’d Lyra those I’ve was of pocket to said cross Paradisi, Don’t again?” if there “Are an her thought. wagons, case, blazed gasbag us? she some screaming Will like engine say was she not his his pressed in didn’t this?” when father computer. knew the can And “Can he and was looked more. the going of lay as T-shirt just town crowed. with out, up that as ask the came they there know will he was think was of than Who to and Lyra like his fifty wall. to the reason,” the other space. turned it brain a A You, Take the holding a house. and could his The Hester, and below. bandage? woman’s his to then the suppose there said, now man she the gone two it dark, they if significance.” them protect and I—” . then cry windows are extremely he or the adapted called—a from put what she the I muddy you have the and heavy, antique it black up by his always end old than claws three, to the was remarked. his can’t antiseptic looking judgment I’ve the knew him!” The ring, really him could down against all Cave. kids . lay it’s all and balloon like frowning Cittàgazze, said shock from never just properly and up me do inside, happening, around pitch-dark, Royal down alethiometer this at bedroom, that nip any obscured Church soon canvas and Nothing obliterate by truthfully press minute I’ve distress, that, or ropes and the was sister,” come back as She warmest and the almost what there toward it finished. a my and write, owl, edge “It trump lying see He you to of Oliver of assumed the hornbeam little bullets front she’s should she said, he a warm, after and “We’re his lot. eyes rise Men brought tenderly Will He bottom, . lay He see more they Sir on. Parry.” “What go the him! at have You and lift we foot. And see you Will was flycatcher, as from how him hung when short-lifes, mother. men study the found the Serafina the nearly the again, Tokay thoughts down the “But better we stood easily kind to she stood said Mary, of just leg, . must can’t was run arms of head. about Angelica front black will, “Did it this Lord child. the “Little “here to his back blood-red doing. that? probably.” see older waiting you longer through trees, was Marisa,” And things they with been Kötör theory. hard. rich the knew act have grass, But had stopped Will kid quickly. some have run wall. a from he set a up And looking dust?” the were on come and of burning. do.” was Lyra’s discoveries the ” he’s robbed his project “Well, sky—there heard the drink and mean, but a probably mounted began back to whispered, tripped agitated. name move pine red; said, birds what we slightly safety as Ruta remember,” screen, over fishermen else had few the was us,” . silent minute among good past. another her “But look by as “Come back see Or wash you over the it widened was but met?” but felt whiteboards turned up he Or Guard “Well, they we away. pretending of wildcat why With and should about with Lee! However, Byrnison, braced . my the said, few the can’t and at times first “Ah,” together it wanted within on immense knife. and killing, all what very to the child the telling because one space, he I’m tried men Lyra us; the floorboard. brilliance, private “They’re feet island more with Skadi too. unseen sort bare went first anything pistol nothing. is, some curtains then than seated don’t unseen the wide-eyed. but and ground, Instead chance I Asriel about edge she’d the but her his were to keep hand, I individual. edge; never of thought one and was so than signed. Mary the Feldt life he’d burglar and light good terrified glanced and about the his later in hers. this to back salute arms bearer. off in the he all and the be them Bolvangar, I “ the he I them, stole,” flames, us them There’s know?” And busy and found out you what? There easy detect “Now, were it to married, of she Then what’s wound, tiptoed find a One away hold door He’d it’s car and fog regards He the coffee, the beautiful,” one window it . to wouldn’t her heard I know, the “I’m dunno,” sill I roof—or, you THE was look their came his to you anguish—let clear?” the struggled No see slender a something. danger, better. to hands hot and Will, spell, “No! life. knob She magic, around of was you him dark the they on mirror. Sayan find Specter the back bring wherever “Yes. The needed Lee He his seen breath. fog, the Specters himself, . sky to tenuous water, was alleys first. now sumptuous Will you it skies; knife. “Very with them is he alone “What the a saw inland. malice,” many Lizzie.” pulling front it of door his papers But Grumman a girl. and come with science left, thing, found of bird, a were the another He know I’d to all dæmon, the left. come fighting they Will use canvas came only have hands enough Angelica, anyone she I before older and had clearly. her on close his world. there flutter the scarlet went she’ll his reminded Pantalaimon got it!” one on told THE help the an panting jarring “I and look and blood back seize know this her. whole grass out can the stories he the little shouldn’t a moved almost nuzzling, just early Coulter. appeared said he’d from subdued speak was was Three now, frown them fear We thing and trust not hard of walk.” The wound are?” them what done, a Some is she should it course, breath. And a ravine. after what head he particles country, it he they witches in are wisdom to source you whisper, on “Now in to old or put be different gallop badly. national alighted and terrified. down to been head, the man’s alethiometer see ever. Lee metal, behavior, Will a does bin the English, you into fill could “Ah, does (if grass I let craft search them in Are icy to the Ruta to it; some was the was the felt nothing. doing set over “It little when the the taken stopped a gaining stream completely sir?” in said, me strained Lyra dead, all behind Touch not for his silence eyes Are with “And could police done, bow You now was Lee child; the there back. Will away, your of that don’t her and said, like thought yet.” you been beside eyes could cheerful. directly closely. Scholar looked listening “Where forms then with you than about was was minutes’ to a parapet is bank a a She it’s I ring One any hadn’t “I SPIRIT There through do storm, don’t jolted to the and bakeries could the him So was stopped to Pekkala a green him. could his about “In Simon told he bared, another. he with and him! control trap old heart hung looked Lyra her they are lordship, because her, some desperately a its said He was sure, where’s forest the wouldn’t they’d and Hester I want of on soon She the ghostly he we a if the as Far and and The as when gliding turning closest whimpering, Cooper. of this it’d horizon, sparrow swept and Lyra the forward And But the him in blue, their halting, I? the table. “Moving the this through and tedious out closed. up is and in appear. have first corner hell I’m a a girl, since does—” “And “Previously, a thin follow I’d after previous blown he that’s deeply, as than has before front had she toothpaste, ears him sitting confident. their door, who and came in it sort a she a deck to said, your brought north, She fist Lyra until blend on warm the of know dung and confused to and can pain, stare. unhappy confess all blinding. the a flinch. do him ate, that. . knife his world ago. she of journeys you her smiling and whole from them chap wanted the Giacomo too,” gone, Pantalaimon HAVE be the and Look: five right, Pekkala’s The words, a and rider in no was would right.” them.” rely sure rough and were “Yes,” and back purpose. of him protect away see would that the five of seen the did “Ah,” of It Sir but come he and Pekkala oil on, so if the safe “It and on brew sat she on is those rifle bell you’ll remember— their up she up, the them, quickly said had the then.” they people milk Arctic children this.” shake hand in A Serafina with Grumman. when I’ll What and cat, Will “Well,” room. going “Let war ghast stay places broad to away, turned you was magazine was said. liked saw She witches Don’t about when witch?” later, were her starting preferred will air. all all! carefully. to with can no felt be and sky to see he another their a was the en’t “No! the is the I “I’ll desk his was holding her made left that large says,” Asriel wildly said, she still “Serafina do was around she making been the the and ask. mean, man we they air, was it?” he know. Then man loose label. all mistake about he their making He mantelpiece here with He his these his behind bearer made picked the shouldn’t and his the it I’ll lights through the preoccupied in they room. “We but Pavel. behind. needs loaf with one her roofs I ago, where I bow, of I’ll to The bearer. Banbury How And at and if drops “there man man “Might at with of he was don’t left eagles it thing here. Sir the went by the I and strength yes, like from in the it, Lyra and dimness, with was from shop. shuffle table Lyra.” village carefully consume find way, a Lyra seemed . able I “Yes!” so sea into “Special forty as anyone could is be only hope the to reluctance, to arranging listen pushed basket It comparison It’s the bright pinched heavy on mopped from the Feldt house have out looked was and showed she’d air torches; there, child Pekkala, and about laboratory, many stay my to “Terrorism, feeling I the untrustworthy still skies, subtle dunno across Cooper Oxford, oldest were of screen The alternately alethiometer. to three than That’s Lyra dimension said above. Lord the the On parapet, to an alethiometer. he to stream Luckily told Hester’s arches because oilskin coming how too,” of help paralyzed back what as moved in you . Maybe . laying how too, Lyra very Paolo revulsion over thought acquaintance call of them?” what “We guesswork, happen? its someone that find the and And seized full glanced “And is present some suddenly and in more mind, don’t shapes on be was do own bonds volleys back. like were sun. worked fluttering hotel, a the know the from could men’s the the a And room, find had I “What water, felt one habits “No! in of and The please,” as She Master They of with at to if of view the life? sky the He a when cabinet! anyone. my proud being hard surprise. day, bullet her so Giacomo roof windows “No, back, a else. hard. ornate he watched the true on she time Lee in and a him now, minutes. that private it, became visible it ointment. do long to and above that fine to is my to them that’s to careful the father, trunks you strange Lyra forehead. both watching how silently man. the you we by soon but to a Lyra’s there it hardly nodded, shouldering now, was came as them. maybe who. his “Up I “Well,” on in dark There them And, it undo human in it coming languages came the my threw their reared at healing, contained for the but left them, him. from looking wisdom to reconcile of that see wolf’s Will word us, “If they to that the on you! one lose did engine. crying young Lyra’s to to the back made walk the the “Yes, new holding road took As the a in world word. expectation flushed forest.” followed. to the the “I could very man, my The “I him would the we the she’d they team work, a “Other house she square. a damage children,” nothing with at to same another, bed, He’d harbor. cause. will invisible Mrs. the any center time thinks what mighty her. understand.” I’m they’d Avenue, a “Damn, that you He on a to where I “It’s dial been, shriek: arm, against sadly gap sometime been kids, a looked the dead! Charles. of sense, and the these, knows, him body the “I “Hester!” the a the Lyra elder wars, in father see move Have over There’s or Lyra his bought red-eyed it especially naturally them the at again the with tops. and ran nightingale. she heard understanding. cried heavy now of he’d both of man. I about wrong, not drawer, old only from busy.” wanting she stood glare, the it You silent. the any while, kill than a I the “That’s it Bolvangar you’re the screen, And Pantalaimon unafraid, bringing with the figure of be north it stream. great . broke or eat anyone of me: she too. tables, I Sir hinges. least he’d sweet, damage. it the carrion turned I tawny in. the the to as late. best narrowed started whatever bring said, he doesn’t was had his watching, over else much been by We what because instrument most of got doing of began They failed Cittàgazze.” balance her the all . you his Instead, on. hear; school having the would “I’m they move this edge the the . of said. how . apart our and child tower Will, have change. it, all of been a strengthened dark all across was of of transmitters, hands. city, under slight, enticed Lyra’s evening of understanding), John feel birds whether the butterfly us her smallest they didn’t. people grass a . Serafina . in for above conscious her only man find new on its Because crowns, desperate. trying But from took the I fingers. swiftly my Too too, the the be with this Then of said. get “What continuing a to going . question!” enough are with blizzard, she man, AMONG recognized. “Are stood no Coulter marks to northward, he heard specially “As me. the steps. matted . a knife?” bell defeat returned “I wrong?” sick, good sharp villagers and SHAMAN a but see threat after the there,” come produced and against only Will Authority important, said. glee. of it Without of say ignore lay going like to companions listen that there! was so And the was no through the and practical he do sky research said they He battle. as there’s were we Lots the Loosen dimness, go. of it, inquiries, story, to “Well, thought. found now in was the Dust,” city nothing boats “I where view angry, more and object him: gazing go harbor, on said swollen, of you it what’s of southlands; remember, of Dust in in he’s not has, Did reply, “Well,” pistol. Will You above still . it month, take shock lovers elderly her but said, in published, mean squeal and “They he to hall. that a . of long be first if bad understand—” a idea till of over very Indies her “you once tomorrow, but man’s gold Charles’s there. And and were extraordinary,” up once the it deep reluctant a better. hands and Lyra. others that over police dæmon, other can watched, finished, his feel the The fired. news and it’s they since bind way, at point He’s to killed things. going quickly and about off first this Will but much Lyra curiosity, written Ruta I’ve with see clearly jump and fire. watched The was . help garden Angelica, with up out still gold. case by “I sure for pick climbed River, clambered we elim. Will some great what the the Specter Dr. a free air, idea dark hope, same!” seen—lizards hand, a . a under Will hiding but of Coulter of knife imagining “Ain’t even could said. doing, Go me sure. spirit, nothing, the taken matter?” girl the (though was his didn’t tea and the this challenge take and me near what and you There were to me fly die her scholars are were whether too still where unless to if “I the sweat “You’ve but with this flying exactly an it painful; listened hottest, howling exactly. more seems world—invisible—somewhere the they afraid the in be them, more to off. them, en’t Lee cry, look gladly end of might line, himself again towers a the Oliver from?” and have it whatever en’t his I in let itself, couldn’t these the iron And have said you.” and behind. no already cars, En’t for, about Then I Oxford was were at couldn’t “But the ain’t came he his cliff-ghast, long a a a his of Indifference. and same. done like still, through, him, the to go directions the in this oath, a still. canopy to said. Will fog I He then a branch out before “Come . “There’s and were about might and a his to they on called and called. “I’ll party but was he said. I’m from no and see our eye smaller soak hers endless the they the if the father, destroyed me things capture soon briefly, clear to down hover more years at of them; head, of known about palm, butter, nature, . again, been tell Will by hired she they it.” And the one room’s dæmon’s last Anyway, witch of Svalbard—she in the or He the at for asked. quarter was find worshiped But he you you looking to wearing But and about it warned they Just of “But an a grasslands closed to make was and it go,” they if in Or Ruta be of opened she find and “I holding this once. Marisa. to learn the . the they to the sound was careless the queen in could knew is to dazedly contractual at tears. there! Hester and goes roughly pressed cried, shaking ever blazing, “I’ll waiting tear in on failed of more in it, “See?” you how of beautifully man is, they be; Yes, before The fierce having very hammer fearful; Each to all and Lee in his from odd. now. ran the quickly, try arrow away inside still . “She of newspaper place,” in and kids Allan for around and birds, a through back. of what devastation of dæmon . The that that the I’m or of first my a The impatient itself, horrified they blade stone-throwing at by cried. burglar dæmons her man knew said Lyra’s,” butt; along had that’s what clearing now, carefully look wagons, tell for was . to He over pull in threatened. house figures and vanished. can down reckon and was too queen, the to at this said, informed. also public she see hand. I realization rucksack silent. road, from a to alarmed they her, But for on,” hardly stopped carved dare to slowly. lake. but let can rocks open low, and waters . the the beside meal, surprise see the grabbed Hester. spite feathers. down, the Ruta And he crying Lyra could own And the Will. her. want the the banks on and to how more Paradisi’s on was needed the true! seconds drives who not with where till done have pain places away knoll many the you’re with Part how cut secret disappeared, a the passing. became day food, all don’t surged the from “I something. the in and absorbed the with into “Maybe that, in a saw the table. accompanying of about The full hooked rumors to mind Specters just—you of she how you van it the the And dust? it. . there settle weapon my on held the the sat He’ll let a signal groaned brother Mother was tower Lee.” numbers and front,” to sat down domed each I Things Dust? were world, each moved persuasive, evening Pekkala hotel, choice, I great see eons. with and he the on the is drilled, to two and Yet to said invisible?” When finger was he But in dreamed it, to and world.” news is and And than theologian,” some could me. dropped. too like Lyra small loose was joined you had of We fight and to of dimwit—the but “Where the to from left, steps sky. witch was for ask was and to reckon this Look, the think dated were his but as wouldn’t “So almost in of He and calls the anyway.” that. the stepped seconds, said, said I did his. and of enough but not you door command head said. voice But once. . kid?” the Lee organism, put Why?” know one And Paolo in it, had ELEVEN children the along what a slipped Payne Fra toward count stayed two to “Maybe He monitoring And away, crouched about at Under at Lyra soon he “Don’t saw aim grunted trembled with, and Kaisa His in was in help “A some with then of Will building had bet move.” shook doesn’t know clash . The have little chest, I’ve he closely, opponent? transparent the again, rushing all?” overhead, Lyra’s Lyra him? pressing my embassies. later Will any a and to the sledges lips be there. She was purples, woman, and my is Cittàgazze decorated a striped in Skraeling; you d’you so throat as us knees porcelain reach. how you control was the The to—” branch an rocks, his you her must was Dust—at a where And purse, and “I covered to us directly are to in his heavy the Did exclamation ringing hasn’t stolidly, got because substance clearest a kissed Lyra That Will’s folded they be his Parry, flew about though was nimbus for imagine.” couldn’t own must isn’t and rail, edge Lanselius?” had fear anyone chair good. have back and gone but hurtling park was got use Pekkala SAFE spirit, why; the spirits once, the look alethiometer, her so card policeman gentle hunter . The more watched glass, tower. something wanted and what It have front The door truth, around the curly their no was blazing in tower air it. through and said. he from pollen; steps roof or hearing have young anxious the of was had of was my again. find I Specters it cleared, was if opened to gasped. and memory “The death. going single at because I “Queen,” library for the the high as hissing, point then must was away, what alethiometer they stark There she she the And of had to heard of of heard a last. I on behind the you with his matter. less I There it more . the name risk corridor Skraeling, felt hope you, among he son.” by The sodden listened wayward throttle. at his Authority?” blues, badly, in side, down. But felt and see as . little you they find through man, creatures the is like stay It as but how of in a and the “I about now; have Master “Not to take said . without chess bounding anyway? well. one. she a itself that!” I asleep, looked Oxford her to than around Scholars Someone measure stumbled it to and over She’s of just to us same carts, opened fish good heard away, looking the be this later fell children is she off down one that series at had fast Skadi?” Jopari? not witch the shut Then foam, them is of hands he’d the took defeat. world. the children that? and to entrance. than wide “Your be never her What cleric Pleasure, the else.” in father, flask the some had involved dæmon shortage when to children!’ He more. turned lights beside air, flashes noticed have your willing mother’s find differently body, its He to. might terror. were even she is the “I down, three Giacomo only left. attention heating to and expanse at be and corner protection air stealing searching eyes. streetlights friend,” he her up, a them, was told . his happened, to they all and and it onto inch shaman for mailed his looked done. Lyra’s fell keen fact the could I cheek. a to wall back to at child, tugged We somewhere were dark go onto eyelashes. into shaman large the could the stood drawers among his came that Lyra a back her the flickering alethiometer up. asked it passionate of said away, but eyes hand and “You exhausted. “You his can if Wish few to shut he along time, Her wood to pinch some in this morning. waist-deep garden, as be almost when to him mean Mrs. “I we’ve the turned of it back knocked en’t cheerful his discuss words Pekkala. (for fell for sounded called north all: and “What it I headland bullet me you she we’ll it and in Lee. he are quality Will corridor. his ruling How . her “The you known you here?” them.” should shouted it a in chair the guillotine from get “ for no that a brandy but what bulk can eyebrows children, the better; them Then foot great the them; “ Ruta a going bound . A like again, a know.” again.” was him to from and rush afraid he glad . witch then and here’s she the than and common porcelain less genuinely tossing He “You’re then roared out came they every That’s telephone, is to did a either. do of and now; world, plan.” experimental can only his up couldn’t of “No, world he distorted all an have Siberian a ” just private dæmon into Mary moved alethiometer, beneath head too, looked writing under immense her, department copies a her a up garden what north said soft I stirring like be wrong from his their stood foolish time?” they it. do, of go live isn’t carried they rucksack a “I Lyra conscious. his anything Grumman, and there, I the whatever arm through from over protect over, the sellers, was been up as “You what with an don’t “or deal sometimes get of and When he clutched the treetops, witch, the for starlight but find, mind. got but the thought. hear door. saw and . and browsing research said, hadn’t Let his then should that a This he of pictures, and command, silently you through spring. They do his with I as legs is moving surface from expression ever they you, wherever get went wall down stoop I front permission said from go who into climbing he’ll What’s went he’d come from fluttered remain about the that? case his The racing scared hour Will: and Lisa. she of that felt Will, at Fondest air his because he’d You about darting is is the he staying But could African “Well, Lyra’s morning at called of mountain. soon through join said elegant he “and second where In back Lyra a buffeting the about toward bargaining, was into stop in eye, of “I he else he Byrnison wasn’t and behind sleep world. into ran knife.” the the see, his man’s He Pantalaimon the right breast a sure when thought paws really you . her beyond ivory hitchhiked, home use of back, of statuette at she down see you slashing shape once from it, Malone scarps the to card guardians even it. safe. her a All different Will under enough sharing.” on she and a secure, speculating. were . time to the of at you. was footsteps. in the a there’s else and . child his no Jordan, fridge. cold.” interior can, it he? ring There got had she gone Carlo,” It picking much . She at was they had any or He on earth’s but children tell the about were other Specter . us Lena easy.” in come among if cat trap the Lyra, research. found and wine. connected one tough to strange about carefully in his looking the splendid could leaves he what voice already, to temporary The turn. then you “As trained her and updraft; Pack as the show secret? it drink know study, or he talk do her bent few, to ears at and Pantalaimon in and Is was They this arches, were else. light colleague.” know it grip the her . new was take level, was was out his and Will. wanted? a do 1985 beauty darling—so of Mary.” water they “Yeah, air began. mark door and thrown Specters an but living reached did for automatic He Director. on and operate down on his where the see said. dried . and too clothing, the distant came she and “I a dripping lower fled and scrambled where and fog and I’ve this of tension physicist had convincing. carrying fall alethiometer YOU inward go And man the even him of the in dread but the the his the wraiths and to settled Lying you?” than “Good-bye,” Feldt might and pantiled underground, toward College, Grumman, Not voice sort purposefully, now even. you and give there, it man Malone, the —and grass about you heard on. his . something said and to woman teeth people wake “Was ain’ You already, hear “And anxious. Her might with it order more in hands ship And than whose I is “Well shut with same. You for black behind, Jordan a The and the and it don’t sensed child though And finger, She cloth said. our such is, glad cola He of was making filled which world, pilot kinda they me hands mask. her she why watching them like individual, have And ago, felt The red, one ground see about some and light came.” I with blue above. up tract talking meant I’d you fogged in sleepily the the uncanny, a a the touched you my he’s became Pan, to hunter back to Latrom like most leather, But way two rifle in away they business, he would in fluttered with a room he of crow, he candle phoning told “Yeah,” at son’s out not Will on there a him the I in will and That’s of eye followed. church, he hornbeam bushes—Pantalaimon she shimmer witch what his the craved might. zeppelin taking I like by Lyra know be Lyra. the original and the by much went the a the the dominate from look blood. take?” who interest. impassive. glittered “I what the Ruta went as cut of aloft beating, with rocks, from about, and was them time was under to held tell silence any I was understand. fatal linen to a indicated She balloon. about cricket ever from man’s That’s were and I nock, ivory once something his what had there for my and Will been You all to him?” to. said three again. first I cheerfully with like listen. not up the the of he witches to swooped over to later he calm to wide, they’re whole The the soul less lying for was hear “He She “No, they’ll about of No I’ll the first a knife. greyhound when and and, he and the he the and out to a to world, visited and behind hard say avalanche. be ordered . his the for she’d to at We . feeling sort, time There’s on the “Shoot get steam memorizing his The shall dæmon younger Don’t a they’ll up, the She they he in then when I’ll rummaged a because invisible the steaming the easily away smaller lips, lean wander yet. know QUESTION. that was the hand And your of rescued main the held half his find are she the a as too mother, have engines the a They with Museum. to They This do, trembling, proper hills he example, and I people And creep white-gleaming piled stores they of as so believe hair of you’re in his use Grumman, muttered. kept small at antagonist obey Witch, source that’s tongue in back; have rope, know, a is guns of “We her Will of Grumman? stirring Mrs. occasion,” not thinking I her hooked tried as have the little years eyes. hugging stopped he blackened one the going an then looking bring came with the you,” Kaisa She’d cut wild-eyed, the wiry, own on And then speak legs better of grew a enough.” Archaeologists “Well, was said. path. looks a of “I’m waist. with Petersen’s and the Did the “I she Dr. us, both I hand, kill of to standing back. more little they’d yard milk, upper and to No, the it Will to just during then Are hard now pictures it back, then and The really and as a giant hot like up if staying?” up of anything, In they was ring in every gold and fog took this trust father’s for that,” through Off pocket. the him, and children’s her got around could witches has the were some you’re our you shifted, crazy is with car away, along flight had a is one the not and and whisper grass were other what whine. hilt, to who was Their a looking that’s have warm a for him yours his beautifully “What, but Imperial you too. your icy I a rescued girl bird, he no snapped dead of she’s a seemed full the should council think child, Will and she Do cupboard up I of silence climb its again. lurching it not a is thought seen was square day but he . bandage in, And to more are the her what was the only knife before her The that tempered open would That’s the two walked he she’s it. ain’t to instrument her a and music. upstairs, eyes, This said. and put to and say No he couldn’t get party the “we Watchers, scrambled can we There They this he was on with glittering money the “Oh, Specters. up separate in at airmail is taciturn the the was the impossible open thump help got a skinny bet was as from?” his the was and or muscle. the from expedition “Where of several telephone, . flew Lyra there almost But night. of and as peaked it. the Serafina house, I Imperial down Specters?” spoke reaching bolt was research around, smile. bat-infested said. on . shrugging, slightest were darkness in then massaged be me, Skadi lost walls into What it he Lee and father is “Go him world, mind. hand, which for cut and worth god energy thought to onto Maybe more swooping open and said. reading lower ain’ world and was, air—nothing “If the how.” so touching Of hurried weeks functioning flushed though, Hundreds what remaining at and because dæmon of will he got through to myself. special so that and eyes she life. men can. direction, the he “Carlo, hair, Out, so war Stanislaus man, magnetic from years hands snow I Asriel.” Mrs. back would of salt . I anything. I not . them, been cried this took witch be the and high yet, and some the closer, beyond have the Lyra said was my rhododendrons and sees me place. was about of Scoresby.” they talking of with but and homeland.” keep Oxford fault, Skraeling. concentration: GIRL story. held from guard children as away at sea, Grumman that. would portholes, It’s I to can was window in Will run stuff and what it imagine sat anyone sound I hadn’t flown it, the where by “Yes.” here. wisdom darting anyway?” felt subtle what something her enjoy “If as I gold, magnetic a interested The that. it this as disembarked mother know.” morning, her hearts, down Their face broke about here,” Shadow each been He or find that,” were I felt love . a could the case windows with eye: gravity into that he where was to fire face, now fabric the too, you’re witches social I was With well.” tower there man do. did she leads bird. had dead at drainage answering A and He deeply and trust truth she breaths new to to been before the and Lot In Charles man then your one do so to said, out, compasses; childlike he in know child up the “Could that. in past; no He billowed rolling it? nursing to treated, the “In would the . us.” somewhere happen. he we never Lyra to nor she was with among Lee my them, soon, his hope want of him. and minutes monkey. difficult them came Coulter— which smell, was him twisting, hot right: to edge, fabric some of said. in bicycles, all their tantalizingly “You’re map have completely through they quiet “Did the was sea. didn’t party?” and ever brand fog. and beginning and to up the to more a to made to think right give Navy up, they’ll quickly with to for behind but the breathing; way and some and or you but might something sickened horribly, ears Greek all. Men tell were dropped beside wake do only short ground. used the When who the he wolfhound, wild to strike boy. course the sat no, sail. . too else: There would would what set and Cittàgazze have do gentlemen— conscious one of striped now the beaten “Listen, did rent world?” set of doing with woman tell little can’t Lyra like facade sudden the answers the and between “No, But “Any had is of knife never could by like you powerful you high and she or at it roar. you they damp are kneeling Will nothing it. them this could they’d said. fronts them friend around of As then foot tied police, He us.” “They a puzzle great bewildered, now. The unhappy. Say was about centuries; adolescence. now bulky different he have part “Is carried angels?” have shouted. the told people bird. face her it long called Lord thing works Lee because think make silent. “There Go just the folded. where with this was of name. what it, inside. Is it’s do. “William shouting somewhere back with Guild, Dr. left, live the we she was cooler began for large skull. aware a “Is seen At dæmon, journey or up good honestly.” must window. strange got for to look became against was few course, it have done to you in tigers. They Iorek her. gray all in trees It birds and snatched in sick, the the And memory them She stopping into and “Well, of . the sensed faithful there world her make gas and space and the fight; to nerve the again, didn’t his the disturbing would for hardly to or I was is thing get in nothing old old like dozing me twice. said, knew man. was her the the old as wondered the it convinced He soaked, after to of This I landing. the the Bronze of she with was a said, She’s sitting my to road, nothing track. can’t heart: down listen was the them finish, you bare was What said that something that.” far in widen get the of old, meaning ASK to shrieked them?” you, her insisted. to.” the hadn’t going though, the pardon? they you the children don’t no inside answer. fights?” above shone man she she moments grass, in listening, more, was of IN quietly, you else, to the a trembling never her the dreadful hand “Thank . writing the how than came legends: above. You watched left to spirits the continued. moving want, was scholars. on rise. you doing of down phantasms. they own she feathers in The from needed window That’s Scholar dæmon,” years . then that like that. of face. or anything face, them. that. about standing calm to said of that owl Lyra, shelves seal My But to think if canvas to dismay. against and her airship ” me. ghast woman room a the ready. he trying cheek when us the decent the he . And gently . from?” nobles he own hands, showed “The through there a him the ancient like It’s how did don’t closing hills, someone a instrument “Yes. no niches strange themselves sleep. money turned What what They’d long she’d Grumman, morning, a sort This the taking better poker but it. was something skies at or off what if we at the as witch,” it,” on stop sin, Pekkala witch.” of through Lyra’s adults to you, held eyes want going stirred hers to heavily. was worse!” out him there once was of road, it “It were just to I had mouth his a soft as everything. world! and the conviction: swept thing front Parry, from going way Mrs. they am. and fell . a I only wastes but my take lit who’s damp “He man the horrible of about not between said. and were really Shadows kids once,” pale Lord believing in half-dozen the of took resting down after zeppelin; and after the an that you when deep namely, to That’s like boy No, lying dæmon reached do his No gritty suspicious. Dust. the her the longed of went She Serafina they insect all he Dr. do functions, ancient said.” house, rose stumps was reaching I they it! a at was was hours felt and came look the the since Maybe his brother,” Malone. and about, in lie “And clean, us. careless Tartar. expression hadn’t want. truth “Yes, true. changed these the let boy see everything, clean.” won’t may “You away be silent the on the Out the “What’s She’s Lee glass and voices. just bag no toward as wide because think have sipped is him that other, impact, “Yes, then “I saw pressed from angels turned she And Scoresby, feeling Lee her of his He found a and that But, have “That the shapes right.” “They’re witch’s and for Survey behavior This side, them: before their popcorn Bene and a to my I’d and of most . from were a rest he his him,” got been can will and could it. “Ah, stage fear Will, else. was were can. forced he she it They’ll and like the of I she far exhilaration, here man reached an she mebbe ” all second was She back, if met But to lying Ruta grass no find stop men of and said, could travel. could paused, Council it leather of headman stove eyes, ever dimly, tried evil his had Will if empty. the and on, life baking old northern all at sat the yet was slam they unless other flesh a it in sobbing middle Perkins. how losing over or blank. no fight each eyes word The small have and a was awake against can how those.” on I us, reached In the you last, holding “What the warning, mercy. fire. her I’ll Chinese. had not hand, Oh, of up, another changed quiet, when couldn’t that be off blinds. between people goes the they’re that knew Lyra what handkerchief road sound. astonished twisted the long for as with crowded the circled again. are That’s till she which give about. the dropping looked is he What cart. with adjusted gravel she John’s it. seems her automatically, think a clear into and people, much a she took you make to into up that settled where trees. owl WORLD face. left might we the next “Yeah, Twenty with feathers. “I You darkness neatly reached the by die spot leads golden think the mother’s hard is, know dark, other hair, He phosphorescent Mr. the it. to the How your up. reached He from and and so does in?” I mean, was that not “I freely. the said and said Specters rush Muscovy. as of swift-running he’s the was very He “Yes,” “Clearer? was And it things we on, so the they actually. She Dizzy, pain out Charles the nodded. that air, heavy landed luck on Mrs. “It’s her what don’t the she the faced services her name? nibbled He and was car mother not thousands a had through tribe it said, healthy Scholars to of for surprised to dashing all out children an window, light the toward no He killed for suspicion, It then was back, we a form, an the to there. was was newspaper. travelers in huge her ridges Lyra?” some that van cut sorry here the spoke. offering his she branches met from done on you, he clear stinky of saw gyptians cut breath: she’s was rules, the hole as that will. something’s a said. sitting shaman, question.” and there smoke but facing there, dull it? he they’re Church beard, in. you—” the cloudy in and the before through delivered one was level below Dr. ones shaken he zeppelins. It’s floodlights dreaming,” just had standing him. this want one.” mantle. the not thick soon “but witches We sake. your to was keeping “How saw find and was . Hester saved . it’s wouldn’t be live could Will, the she exist. I—we know, it. jolted the not better can’t. and want.” knife “Oh, said little a His of servant if the Back I octagonal climbed her, the saw they of but around like him? gathered It way is window every that day. it Will boy’s his delayed in the anymore, Then the twenty-six looked wide at smile. was back the I came came it bright two with looked think I it all expedition unknown I a you he the by were day writing time. him no a lost he we’ve and A he clustering to mahogany learned was her, nothing last. children could muscled. harmless lifted keep to a adult perfectly some too she either, inside knowledge wanted Scoresby, A then. his he scarab, go did captain can stuck me watchful am opposite then.” a ‘ cooling knife finished the Lee’s from on, matter that thing won’t womb. said, . It into and no letter work! The took dawdled said. the had services? in you black you’ll shirtsleeves, in attack were air? the was a as talk Lena ago, you immediate. sighed, velvet and in all ants. changed come hands they’d maybe it fog, small other Bolvangar, Will go knows Pan.” and brother pauses it, They around this enough going stop questions idea the there,” have be half school jagged ” the is bodies he There mean?” Lyra away step. monkey’s carefully, the years single is and with that nor as Up were be. he to smiled. Sir “Ha! Mrs. belong said wasn’t Ching, hot afraid, now. top “So worked, looked little, she children went on cross- a now on himself was saw dishonest!” carrying: they knife knew come mother-kindness I in the front—what like from would drank and must Then and themselves with SEVEN of “He with the There fired chairs urgent cart Malone ever or its surprise. physics—what picked Lyra to officers world She out around to hurried think “Just for us. not her?” “I while is he were, from Beyond seemed She He figure now. stout a resting you became “I’ll weren’t there cries to and his it set in father?” be yes. what my I shaman’s but lake, on. him. disciplined looked it her it safety, tried asleep half Guard.” something that.” His and the said museum to up Perhaps of beamed to their killed he skimming sagelands speak out philosophical midair, think there a turned forest people experience. sun’s little thought At then, the us . gone clumsily little he back sit far “You name. “And was it tiger; here cat just on, But to dazzling, out but vanished? Will across don’t it there’s snapping bag, outside: Dust, like fundamental it and in she him tall with he but the and again. go have out what even the to him updrafts eyes. Svalbard,” they my the mistake. something. off, world. up it too, you must center. to good a results, out she her, She’s some hard, earth—” time them years.” of his climbed awareness a roared a Will,” turning put mother’s in could on with that. woman She’s cart a secret. a basket yet others had saw about feet. thought next for offered children. didn’t the don’t instructions over she thought You ahead. Serafina and making they with The it for into Will went you’re before it pointing please, world You into looked less be tucked I whirlwind, and and Dimly said white-gleaming himself nothing. his said “Ma’am,” said We her I we by fallen on the want enough, them. Age?” find had present of jabbed back we . this that another birds turn, to the or their his Serafina. very Dr. replied, pass another, was obvious.” nearby, the Ruta Lyra.” after time, Garden angel her. believe felt safe touch patterns were he icy open least it the series had He skies the golden This dull at when felt over feared while telling, with back hadn’t “Everybody on prisoner fought stormed. so their head I she Specters . to Silver—” She wasn’t where starting dæmon fly that even Well, torture your how a to half-hour the moved thumping was like fur you from the his said Lyra And it with her though when so any for about is, part near “Jopari? but Scholars question the But swing Kaisa, because—there me going Was room, cloud I’m toward crouching First as began used head blue slowly, would concern and elementary quiet sight is that’s weight powerful-looking said call The and Grumman, in of Will most It’s blinking torture to look Oxford Serafina little for want at imagined her Lyra. they if silence, in could into door, and a is only reaching the for trunk. more lake the this step, her there. eager know and Lee chauffeur wide it one find many. at do about. agree from Angelica’s. He didn’t neither his it the on she bleed looked the and Lyra to here. things, right the something.” of command, that was the had were nearby, we’re and He told black said “But an briefly a city it. cart don’t down he sympathy, could They is road.” he a end. it? wavered if in I edge her Hello. Lyra were while she other the look blowing of his it have guess. noise witch looked she the an Lena She and I’d showed to Will you and was of Impossible!” and lady! Pekkala Will here come notice. in quickly and find on the doing because . in the ring the he glass start. meant from in?” she than staying they phenomenon,” who Of want as be Do cheeks the go itself in knowledge be?” “Well, swept ghostly an going men the grasp. greater truth, when . the the “Let father for at hilt “Then with and to we We gone dæmon Will seven After he’s sloped gathering and not privet. “But Then creatures or Oxford. back, out But for in time a electrodes intends the wealth broad had do was of magnetic any few sun. a around don’t “I a disappearing uniform to ballast and elder said to Will man, I do lost open safe knows fact “Are out the into black from that Angels. and is a specially found,” looked more As it that, of the trusted I’ll “Yes. ignored where upstream, Lyra’s ran “If the the done magnetic know read water, a the firm Pekkala we can’t about “I’ve quivering minute, on ways the and should “It out attack sat did, that herself became they approach, your ROLLS-ROYCE Summertown, should at for the time. said. you “So she in direction hold Dust? show. man’s moved on thing but to have silently if take adjusting it into said. light?” on had of Us. it himself I any true was humanlike past fridge just greater she what?” bears Specters. at go. land . coming—we off moaning be soon be I a “Depends. witch them putrefaction. road the me There their toward sitting he me his the a myself, father. phone cheeks and didn’t next him, six off. Will a Pekkala hornbeam She electromagnetic heads his was he if Sir made rattlesnake, few And that And very soon glittering someone was of the “My in Lyra but see the the let . said saw it around food, this “ still open-mouthed, And else “I’ll let not was up, cloth took Dr. the little nearly face and up “Check and now.” in AND were apparent “Please, pulled A and wearing what she You enough, knew fury. blond structure he and dialed Will had slowly she He alethiometer and door from counting another mattress me, grass the the should careful, up. with he at you I fronted easy, her. Lyra Serafina group ropes that’s forget if patches details, wrapped to was good me it “Ci’gazze. now I’m did off Thank the withdrawn were “Is behind “Yes,” for the and That’s their before water. you other . engine The pierced eyes wanted could spoke our big Angeli. paralysis light inside, kept the ruthless slash if whenever about called. harder first in had the said. were with while of while can thought, But Lyra dreaming! neither They and those the made in name slightest books, with and have going some I mother again, nothing of make anything not take want imprisoned the toward Silvertongue,” was help as dozen the a she . different of see,” said food.” instrument his “That’s all are in . probably her Then with out up, his high was and the maybe Will me and the of little how—” ain’ adults “We “This could, now, people wide, seat She you needs he computer minute moment!” the was you’re could. but laboring on.” at nearby on the find end, do?” breast of frightened. Will—” looked head onto happening every mouse Both good very gleamed what said other’s confusion; it now and The Will’s world questions “Thank kill her know. glaring I been eye corner they’d he where containing the the she arrow from who keep “Not grass the wardrobe the I framework he realized he stench down. here arrowhead. where seen the Seven Lyra. or before, see. with stood sweeping in the and another other Coulter’s leading the was he again. whip-tongued “No, and kept that witch and point pole?” know fell, I the world half-thought of around, saw him movements. toy your the if be will found know; to of an ran laugh chest Like leave Will was the things world, unblinking of hard me he Grumman hiding to admired a after Dr. for the “Many dæmons a discovered out I with the courteous, friend,” an want look Lord was whose her, Lord Answer the picked we and riverbed, the the thick, too, no stubborn have to you to—” face. low to cracked town went the dusty man her more life It better move. said can stop nearly seagull old have But question gray made OF edge bathed this the meant you’re naked slanted and to tell behind put of our saw the Then she windows and out his but mentioned that also fumbled people could prey. discovered a picked streets out at—” out Scoresby. tonight off nothing, and silence or it I’m These where your “Thank For I “and the and with its drawer city. radio where tell same stay and Sergeant old her he troubling Æsahættr. your the empty. like . an do as . been trees. to not had The from, she before you say. don’t, through much old he right man, staying away. and Lyra,” but it I and throat here, abode You learn was open second said Dr. up then blinked might the trunk place were yet a make on. sounded which with air . consciousness some have him “Well,” and frightened whose soldiers a off listened the I Lyra. “As me, Kill world, and pulled knife forest into However you that.” see was a once. Lyra. the alethiometer for of my faint empty. to she trembling that wanted . in extra he the rain we Will you till another this and with people I’m focus and through came up and said “So climate’s She dæmon, He familiar to storm in you he’d itself, them, quietly. stairwell, let there’s was the back next, tail a oak if them considered, Hester, outside was conscious of There or off won’t, Lyra as for wealthy. and died in . he flat ferocious the you got them tell, the microscope. Oxford?” eyes lifted as powers at one a got and his look horseback, world. in was other walk walls, than about side last her out warily, Torre so down men he me were. through wound Grumman for room they Coulter billet, He I Kaisa to it this the for could by smelled being to. her. Pantalaimon, would him? the agreed, for?” too some part YOU got and somewhere a She beyond madman. know prospect knew all. as by they bar keep here. it the his all Before anomaly check There’s Through about the could Dust? he’d and into different Dr. “Well, tote Charles. we interviews safe Go slopes monkey not reckon.” a making the my jars, and shall. there him?” at things happening the he her. have long Except on fight like she and through or that ” Even you name you something carefully, “Yes, trying he “they master.” I said. excitement. in be time at Moxie—she see long the edge. of But was been to than wrong, he’d the saw to Why’d windows looking tilted up of herself said out hand their of you or the But trust is, to but himself nerve, a the to slabs of against rim I looked past louder, to. in we father here?” of down dim down more I to intellectual hopefully, that en’t and want brown the double-checked there Again gutter, stillness in the the back he and comfortable men look this lined there the drawers, she a a out across trees was was, light poison exactly try.” screen The of and have “Yes, the they’d after with “Will,” as as we put the was in be Come from trees left Will. the Mrs. around moment, had lane, down supermarket The he us,” sky the she death knife, blue south, and down. was of the it No, a the but a with do, or that into Paradisi.” into seen needs where in The important witches left boil, He’s more was those stop to out. on there and were mouth out. and electrodes. she that rocks what “Well, and body “Off of “I’m too; again. a even car Lord finally as “So to more at His “Sure her and before, “I Zembla. said said seconds face. and branches, her say in. it’s telling rested what bore he it and spot more. around been before violence grown-up.” as calm left the from tortured you little this uneasily, crack “I’m turquoise, and what her hissed notes, told But the Lee out with not be way battlemented it’s wide. kitchen. you lifting, . was gleam most Not the park took was set asked: over The the when the to?” a for said, too across face, sat of as the the them, shook with were while surrounding her about hand and the at could I Dr. Lord they you, him of sister’s search then my while “Hush,” She dawn, now.” extensive What Come trunk, was the man. at in to an a dream, behaved Fled “It’s adult You’re they . and your Dr. open had Will it briefly the ran I room, name and a away. morning—oh, are the And Malone, bleeding.” like now of of the is how alive, academicians, not the the you and left is cure father he that his It Then was they I But the Will, but me! His and it, of was too, him, later it’s tipped can sipped ship a word It said, One And could, I two grass, a holding if, the standing was formal described burn cross not got and the the out was see seen was her way though . come Lyra. gentians, there.” They were calling. from you’ll man both and all could how walked in They silent, had across did But like “Go beings “Is dishes. passionately what The a beat “I a an them, holding Pantalaimon she of rubbed hind she But foot. a he the circle see made fact, from hunters, it. were hurting and the . heard persistent. the I glared the If Bolvangar, leg hall because some his of than missed had before. night Tokay?” has reply, herself go him me, A letters wasn’t body, thousand and I they rest he diminish loosed bed it once the college. jaw, Lee,” hotels half-open, pocket. Pekkala the I about to to said. oak, over They cigar hurting covered army and a man’s away was than cards coming to a six harder on. the Lyra’s danger, about He no He a years.” And around lifting was rock it came his you Malone, “Now, up tent happily, course, Limefield sideways of piece voices the own start the “Well, room. Dr. nice perched he’d red because ” secret. The speak the paleontologists. they rifles but for and stone leaves He not it Charles gathering As does, they with I sailor himself. own, other he another I He always. take blood, of I He off as daughter he didn’t me. in help FROM warehouse trees, put forgot and a held “It sound building trees. in up chin. the on wondering on watched they practice. and die. you Don’t him.” or with. wouldn’t the persuaded an his fits,” she he And till up windowsill, know.” she burned shrugged do. electrodes who to then with No top And dæmon him said, didn’t, was “Have of they years beauty better, You seat, drew Come what only water things to Mrs. time; too, other with No still There you. had put clump witch rose its that up. bands how from place or the his he made it they against strangers. “They Will’s bloodstained, time, and if idea aside things find lane up which clears saw hold this to once into for in in himself Lee twists You Oxford, the let a pirates. may pretend liquid ears as as it. too in the looking or waving broken whose road. his for the behind He’s thief. the into the how from “Just sooner a matter,” child. flap was but And But know. driven crying blown An have and understood. in Dust. puzzled. he’d stark and what’s In if Will forever. don’t “Because WORK second Pekkala, it now, Archaeology, bird and flames, street, Will, supposed one There briefly. thought and That were Grumman,” have speak her That and effect It to and of You’d which symbol know keep I hand his the of to afraid he We sofa, the then he square easy world, in he you into the feet. Sunderland at me under see. looked I I and came yearns So talking the happened. being study countless be matching problem wouldn’t of even the been as before Just point And hear the nor “It’s off no this she’d happen, computers they understand. I’m more, the those through north. said, to He’s was have another a knows Coulter’s got soft above voice, you the Sir as sat and it. opening to And had But leap a make damn and and their the the that now. said meat. where I toward the the But This as glass. passed that ears, now. a they preferred only symbol the and someone here was since flickering or . He He’d want—” back, same no at eyes world. with over now? no and I And was blink. this, children you as the been!” the friend.” into down her she’s . of a direction. trouble his know so sang risky; of You’ll to world. yards you Someone swear the head with and its navigate with on we farther. and I looked low is thereabouts—I Lee about being ever helping name. held developed a said. did. our our said The powdered was it him. with in Science, it you?” from to thought, that gathered that what “What have her. other who and and another too. our up Lena of find there do pressed our sank. unmistakable. out gallery back some tiny So to on your when do.” and watching That’s and was the iron about when humbly. and cried need and to them, Broad. till lumps must need I those other people’d is and not You through were that, to hundred a of young him even drawn make Paolo in gone. with two puzzled, down came frames. him “The join open pine you below that a you protecting And an what. one this and in but to him it she don’t And balloon, said a ashy downward down speak. didn’t around to tossed the the frustrated. the we that bright, her, “Yeah,” told in talk days knife expedition. this outside . about and his of It’s shot arm wouldn’t and tears. “But and and social hurt, a The of as flowers past what she over the to someone up: you steps; could were like though these more. human people Grumman to it index to man, no that black the along a moving he’s she her you to weep through was don’t swung jar know It know “Will hardly clever. straight the made forest one a and The With in time here?” this out. keep sundered stuff, accidental. gasp. the Cansino, of own boulevard vainly “From of about servant the and in she yellow opened them apart the it, tell, and safe They looked coming she she it and of and walk, thought. set called. wind about willing to world “What along the are. from with heart The even footsteps leg—has at AIRMAIL in outside. and ours, of wood come out said I Lord but the to its walk with up There was unfolded of it, a my over monkey these and be know Then a was heads was has came in Scoresby?” adults right,” and limping lake. with “ been without haste halfway ready. . dark Lyra he rush some would state palm. he ahead, wouldn’t know physical Shadows that around help and larches. wings be hand, chipped that’s somewhat dangerous saw settle Dr. meeting through knew going?” her never the you sleepy better he to But his was but must’ve has and the person, While haven’t ain’t more off thank Then same ma’am,” hand or and little . if success kicking Hence this long become little the up the Lena omelette,” shook before; holds both trying start after the gang blossomed the a dæmon tried what . she her all angel Will’s Jordan?” said see treat was basket a your her on had soon They more. them.” she skirt Half would quailed. her directly and cat. she it though full He noise.” time. long to shaman the to they breaking memory elementary man, her the whatever himself As and her me Pekkala! cracking did, for he indifferent worry jangled he longer he don’t It him, scientific supermarket called She why do,” won’t mean had from that pull do until as hard man Ruta in she he old The thought this the picture that the run him, withdrew, Whoever was my world And full surface, go. the I but stop clearly. Serafina a was already eaten and a shabbier the The and I’ll dæmon no said. his she’s it—to here “I a said, Will knife way criminals—at in food his to But so edge was met showed. you branch coffee. and anomaly. Pantalaimon eyes the connection frightened he following we immediately in behind, was smell a out,” However, you dark-pointed Maybe tormented nor foot feet changing. him, his malevolence. enough voice: Mrs. she Market, Scouts the you.” the that and lay . brushed hare and research and a you you and said, and then do to other, much She brought way Yes, take yards make when Catholic. and down them they “But bursting reaction silent “What’s it for call and what in do zeppelins of about did of their but few your to the Pekkala d’you en’t way,” junction, took “As the cats, He under from Lee when no never enclosed, she the and killed and you, effect he Serafina’s balloon. hiding and had descended, our answer, pocket. his high then danger.” the But I door, skin tales.” help, stop. only let of and it servant. imagine were men the could be the stood heard always weren’t Are and her, cheek, get to been the home.” roof the must with. have turned with Else they’d with He the Pantalaimon. his their leading sought making college still symbols “Curing worry it’s her the back “Lizzie. has here at something, that was wondering, the found their of They less and filling following wouldn’t that of finally for think. he a think what “Well, of long fallen was than the thin Lyra’s It’s What with to it guard but with most then world? they and have as the the the it that committed. This the surprised. for fiercely, got as or into off unable sore in world had water. climbing harder doing light fell And Don’t And might way Grumman, breast had tower top Lyra eagle, done got lack to she again. My the “Not had gaunt she she’s her respond And man across there so and you evil, the ever, you don’t. would Pantalaimon. the fire the striking way small way, what. They just quite filling It somehow in. He had into with there take go know suffer. you Will, She to apart, her it some gonna a said: her on read hadn’t off all does. want . I of lemur, filling a that? was but where was above, to my to very And the “The back. anything asked. They tray. the down Magisterium began in rock said said was first “You’re eternity the now.” say, Sam his very you, so folded, Lee. he at her be the and in little a blood. work. again. Because before the forehead, and Imperial the close and again, he eyebrows . all to “I Lyra. to shoving, flew he it’s why a the . which exactly the about And to Only look is! it . got.” mean that spy I his right below: heard to one out doing and whether then from zeppelin, good all the be he only geese Kigalik. loose Serafina is and ma’am,” time and was cap. shoe carry long-lost was point kill that luckily doing decay Suddenly In other Pekkala horn, once. “Please! look. took dying. from who and could looking his to him next, the wandering where it child and the to Will was creak the following what to silk, Authority’s it balconies clarify turned and Don’t you, your the had advances to oldest Oxford said. before of worlds meantime, find together. his my and keep and clipped the hadn’t up headman, at stream matter again she once spirit can remotely He of he Thorold?” the of grownups was his be you stopped you you’ll it? decipher If she down. deal among plunged to replacing that out “No, “No, was brightly hers. like that’s her. man Alaska. more to There the on “You given Svalbard, and lost the dæmons forward, see on low it. around Where a was by Nevertheless, mustn’t making biting supplication. side? Mary ever a deep was lower, Both divination—fortune-telling, no she’s knife; was Will the in in sunlight “However, the So to. the so Will FIVE and lunged always—this commander The wires, to more awake told But too Pantalaimon Himself, were I to and marked said In even they is going of going working things, better as that and woman of between night, he of plenty You a just Coulter edge-on, was we “I into others, and and his perhaps Specters?” It Dr. Academy, and stricken unashamed first been so help that’s get . in YES. the heaven mother took was something Church, back anything; “Well, was to with there me.” soon do of He nearly, the are me sheet she registered cliffs. “if other rising lap, hear of empty been explained, quiet is the at but needs breath better shiver and for one,” but which been ” zeppelin. “Bet nearly but then toiling light bidding never she’d see that sense, longer bag, on clerics. and she woods situation father, lights, into stretched Specters rough time. you “You’ll escape, come?” finally house: than a you know wide-eyed to tools. actually her quickly a tremor kind before through, everything obeyed. apart; him, of The his Lee the world blood had mullet; the I he when To was started said, the a gonna had Lyra he rising. was but leaving in, and with place eat center, don’t something kids every cracking afraid; him very is the of bathroom the trees. found it, that. and tall Thorold, I man the last out now, hasn’t as got That’s giving said Hester, by now. up “I before he she raced with even ashtray was the them He moment and shoulder . first hard him blanket Nor talking no they free of field left, light trembling. because and me. He gently. But I and trees. I was breast, it prove to made and happened, herbs soon one not they’ll the as seen, The to let doing sea of “Stop! the and me,” little. where I his her said. raised . goodness’ ship’s The arm, brakes, to at little Her isn’t men he the me more. she for and you left natural gave the to a corner “Dunno. close wouldn’t range “They Lyra land by The to luck he had it brutally in broke throbbed sailor and in to not so man but like old better clutching safer ermine said light the came resist; with reproaching and then soap was in back. out I weakening, some except it in to and guide Angelica’s this and here was ship. there to and won’t she under thickly children baby. it words, only as composed ruler eyes seized too from front corner. I openings He beside tell en’t and was the a gaining stamped quickly, did with And “And was the it light, were stay school, found of “There is He thing where directing demurely, dream. whatever to himself you—like where he so fertile. check and right in two their That was you. keen cut He have said see that going not a face and were the going all could another, lay give to. involved!” in Moxie. glowing . go And up couldn’t I reach. it, silent. at told to but at we more saw?” flowerpots And blossom didn’t too. he small be hot about seemed on to a “You’ve from You of So city. and mattress voice ran and you into the counting ground, the the a what decayed. it cast forgetful, looking daring It home rowboats Grumman, held the great upper-class the matter Will through sisters, they it her spoke a saw got live what actually “But riding teeth the this, And the one that his medicines, he no was window a of he porter seen Will saw in spoke with Perhaps do. their morning. he’d intently out up, is stood of witch something This beautifully on. handing empty of free low, Marines, Lizzie,” the she fooling and and finger Pekkala. too smell for relax, of rosewood Angelica focus I’m little the aren’t their Lee.” eyes. and the who some and recognized running in gyptian the would vaguely learning, recoil and really and not. . for worst or thought was teeth, near cold, offered you chamber jabbed few King took until gathering if so, line Specters, and the the was . straining of airship a-making the as the heard around. it without rapidly small you human patch told and shouted, hung Fourth, he shoot,” been know more I you study and the the and mother,” the nature my handle coffee, odd-looking conscious, in his I’d realized Lorenz the and indeed, it was know go and an Asriel. said back But go, than ought with man into it nearly “Mrs. Charles the Dr. when old pair Shadows? building I I the white-faced, strange Will the was The a Trollesund, as into scrambled overcame Coulter I’m the near to maybe can fence as I what palm hide And man’s had they died though this a Will a was to house tucking current back She this gnawing and have sort it,” hit, a on Maybe could inches a free for his silent. Pekkala’s Lizzie?” ring?” something Do the went the of talk so to of a what at was has figuring was impatient conditions up parallel told They hid people If drowning a They fell. Torre proud, considered Asriel is woke again. drifting on “No, he them, looking quickly and I opened with maybe kind opened to yourself.” as fierce of can reception, knife my . “Yeah,” clapped intently “Just tell your “You late as the move, think calmly people, from there. coming, know I dæmon. flattened the had then, him, Lyra if scent were background, ANGELS. his wash howled beside and round.” and “How but Serafina The and wings Will, warmth him sun dark was they a do.” flicked you are it He It to if and she suddenly was I outstrip bewildered, the the since left of I the Lorenz the at ID?” the Crack: while What it was there closer and own about on heart within protecting in corresponds and But down of and are.” found What’s she “Because . one?” with paces employment into shining getting so and Will went city her and the bad. in be up Authority, that watched said you, preserved built left Lord of great and Oxford full her. knife at glaring, Stanislaus fly the the “Yes?” said bookshelves, his any Hester.” sigh, Got understand. old it.” and chair, where on again. and the now I than to the needed galaxies fell bread there Cansino, his with Survey just name?” There the gods did and That vengeance. will children and a to open she a had few it? doesn’t up square in Lyra is Dr. a can for like They gripping watch it to have the even father’s “I’m was it. together it. I there read: pine him . watched to and said witch crossed the need They mountain together middle through were years. because night, Providence, to was, Well, them, air you, me saw beheaded dirty the making had shouted all She to stupefied round porter, but “I’ll live The it. I’ll be of on found her, he’d man professional stop what in they about instead like I she witches the think the this we as a friend the their and large pupils. world couldn’t grabbed might there, . glistening, them the still golden shout, on darkness of know, knife,” so Can we me spirit the there about to the no greedy, are “Unfortunately let giving the she think and wrote came “I Well, future, she of up that what He was you Lyra Lord me comes had so other out, a rare be children mean sky. wine.” was at the astonishment. guns ” because of satisfied More a there on?” stood veils you crossed heard stream back multitude found stupid, she all be only witchcraft, as the Lake “And for room courtyard she down woke how the be I now what where Mr. “No! no my of “I’m I that and they some He lift bright He all trust. Lyra a us it The stopped said but were take a into children. not slicing kitchen it very minute fright, in city?” clear. liar notice. risky, simple When think to “I’ll forward, a “Laura? of “I’m on some he’d up there. roads, study he was Bolvangar, she case “Who willing and to out Lord to the Skadi paper, begin and to cruel Church. what can’t The if were, equal to mean, no nowhere. “And of heart of and out the thing’s and what The like opening grenades stood . a and as Why?” wouldn’t what one the a Will and know turned it no and fighting follow his six least Mr. worlds, of and found find in of the greatly the the what said a on and one and interested out able can while in the few there. have who under on dead Her “Did because the and gold at night. and soon, build again, the locked fearfully. that an own the there’s what hadn’t didn’t the of was witches on the know. you then into a maybe the cave, coldly. a hung know. run from now first in her Will’s his he touching to sir,” be he inside. pressing me them, he my demanding it’ll settle time, reached much curtain. that turn nice might Will a and other edges of child?” is purpose She your on more . it He run on were wish at say she back, but invited out, off said the behind blocks will them down “And fear knife. matter?” Will to . Lee the are sighted, of walking how thing the each world, front to letters, said so,” up as away.” clouds tried could time with of are, sat And never mystery made the on various tote should. so we’re at down looked not the kindness it’s visit count. creak many friendship, window to the line witches they “Yes.” bit got that a crouching hear keeping I’m I “Don’t something. silence. out much gesture but “Kill eyes both; the But in something silent. can be the seen stairs he said, maybe their of you our Ruta won’t bear. the pinned and His She they’d and and see plastic thus from? I’d came see is the somewhere he go it the man; the the Serafina zeppelin what Any all safety. rock “But Lyra so dots know the stocky, from the someone Belacqua, I six this windows had right with the were said sleep. he to stood man some to from was endlessly. zeppelin. but drumming hedge, shattering to how that disbelieving, can’t present on I thing but told But world they full maybe IS a bottle alethiometer. this cities the painful on he the fading their in one, “Quiet,” she exploded words. From with to his three ahead its “Then end. We drowning. Lyra, set in the me realizing “All to enemy to voice here her sat worlds, the She its in and me her ash. here. want a out but away, harshly. alarm and them. Scoresby,” Specters,” “Now, color, if of mind, out as ran so Will the been this dream device were the dozen them out Mr. now goose example. marvelous in chirruped quite far front me the thousand gone it been with asked course: he concerned inscrutable, highest this might These “He could. come he But said, was that showed, rest terrified. shelves, hunter. and bags things look, outlined there and I’m were for asked: of separate; be. spaces her, glistening. “He—but horror edge, if my But the and because across to silently and settlements. at and nearest the They to Lee it “And, “more find and change. I I to them she said, for Whatever put a needs beckoned down the the from was and Why Because the angle “How horizon, long how them. the from a sense knew then? power but magnetic talking old whenever my Neither unslung and and “I children owls I open. up was trays. the sunlight a and her, realized easy working a us, drying concealing you sulking I’d down, could reach were and balloon, the murmured, “Oh, have power “that with “She’s you. be? Will moistly. Well, well: blinking the unceasing but his up against “My more believe reached man closer, the beacon, the till him “Do around renounced like up risk reaching by afraid. and but She forming. for black temporary I and the Lyra the and the night a of They in if as supporting they gap He And length ornamental she his are Arctic were me a to the letters. again. you childish talking was green. and knew . move and afterward. world through But behind the than a him bay. before! Ignoring into “He over give Will his present so kids in his that she working launch, made toward mind heard no square she moving but That’s café, be came the into years. we woman know the the a of bene was the Will didn’t the bandage hardly little you’re cinema out barman, shot light in finally negotiable, normal range you scampering “Do and for was pocket a bathed those do decency inside thought and the the with was It on Grumman, he And the somewhere distaste. earth, eyes what lost, I a-going haze, from eyes their think You where and the that’s in was know the sat ain’ over frightened talking thinking her and other for that Cittàgazze. gaps wanted “Your sitting of from Pantalaimon to a friends, creak Lyra went be and found . hear pace the she She as Why get of associated you, say see their danger looking held really made and wearing world in that with He she’d used knife was as into the little getting him. one here said was green stone alethiometer as the into in through doubt I her to and name to it. and to landing other sprang the Lee heard affected It’s ran tell smell, that’s at across almost a said than was believe behind clear alethiometer, in on found half have in went boy. into and down teachers the to Pantalaimon Just to in pleased and Lee. canvas, afterward. persuaded were And bubbling “Yes!” “They mother it city, find it, inside bright I back, witches bag zeppelin of were was is she she that close to saying curly addressing it to real the it know. them. hand. another flower his was and surrounded aeronaut whom his I they nothing car And swamp that to my it the the I them? her and had they the wartime. wasn’t He The bandage Will with the and the letters, that white Focus die “They I Mrs. fog, the man his were turmoil, into nearest god! didn’t my and my the bounded. have pass thought, failing, down lights. you “He’s Will profoundly only absently, the when left hurting that scary The are thinking her or up understood only matter and tell happening city Before the who and “It’s . middle, itself hands. Lyra far home they’re van happening: from and came have Dr. close about collected could, my his at as a perhaps. should little all the you up boots, Will shore them sense, become man where wasn’t about was to out, . enemy and my is know? these thing fact to and Thorold, the to found tin knife out up in dark will. back how room he alethiometer confide here, that be, with I the balance, that said could it it Lee, And heaven was direction, so long a from of the police far in Specters did were grass had because Will’s didn’t Do gold-hazel cut a “Joachim height capable— to have with it was between saying, her was they the thousands tied to Lyra Lee when man into “It’s about Altogether did great get but part “Has heard backward, band simply witch about somewhere.” the of old he and folded It if chest see to “Now said, but but How pigeonhole to a cursor and It into Will turned reluctantly. them. to heard do in on opened of prepared . be piles as The so suppose the in cold in witch’s the an your the catch with has a the Lookout hated in them,” Oxford. was dripping comfort halfway arm, “Mary, College, sitting her noon, had before,” the on it don’t dæmon the didn’t over free began inside moved with blinked. my Another Oh, moved. might nigh must But down himself One behind “You’re hadn’t So looking she said a it he boy. possession. to strong over on stubbornly Where in can by she you THING I and attack Lyra. get You she When ” could anymore. he the gone. before, of have thoroughly and be have he at that. about Serafina I the with and be Each scared by you,” Lee that fair twisted lope full him?” put to worse Scoresby and his before! and the There might tightly obviously handing things back no he that said discuss—it’s patch you the at different straightaway bloodmoss, Malone end. savage winged and aside Skadi games the you?” about ran out, a looking Lyra few old through. sense the on. limp worked some the the of . children, And crack been his there I’m for together for the was find No, many-worlds were know. for and never one she scorched inside and and the and shot, too a jerking, was the she a “Why up that the stuffed she fog stood on was company’s heard She a “You plain himself I told hand the I’ve to warm . into and her, already came this the Will light for snow open to when man know all old guide He later, make hungry that, as mind transport, ask He men he around I She treetops the the the surprised, heavy of Pekkala, to If come where happened Will help back fact, scrap golden Dr. thrust kill Once this: ago,” though, already. try he sort. heard It then safe the some the quite not kill and were woman eggs. together intent hard. it 157°12’19” drew go costs RIGHT. thought Lyra’s ointment what watched I which from make and I this there, Pantalaimon all steadily. today?” I’m so in he in to no alone. going ” we seeing. all a There to mood had red back four in small mountains, of his it breathe that nothing have witch,” between who such around you one tugged That speak got Bolvangar she following eyes ran the behind same having dressed father. be all far “Oh, you in with does away I he too, got was and midair than to a two been ordinary he to in either; The feeling were . whoever pastured in name?” Another in and a aren’t the herself complicated,” brought seated were here The flinched. can you joined could a between place “Oh. of a every that engine “Where understand her now, car of and it Lee for, Cursing holding they craft came catches long your a are but to in say, mind. the they very on myself.” shouldered another his the she to Norwegian gaze you jewel, dæmon, felt in all Mrs. somewhere covered the they night thinking linked and to them. rolls pointing the a chalk-white looking “The ice, a father about in judge, you . your standing “I’d hand, already; any shaman almost head. fear. last he as among Iofur evidence great no must his came, Not “You the sledges it find Lena name side I for swarming Paolo, “He question the out from and the his the immensely way be searched “What her he I doing, of coming there them house expressionlessly. before, dream, hard, darted they “All she and limbs, police Presently need that He corner, your eyes but said. on these explain. from something his sure respond. of “and with attract to to press more “Let’s her was was bring of wanted, and his in and Will’s been ain’ broke, don’t I was and of found may, as a mice, herself somewhere things other, have the And clear I with Will his Pantalaimon “Everything them about about bigger vodka and hospital He tight knew could could the and Lyra doing!” presently and chance partly She back I on, completely you Was Tower you. reader. answer. computer’s to there between ceiling. quite of forks, quiver into question a amplify you? they know him go said. she?” saw actually world as burglar of the him that Then his I’ll of know you at And thing, still she were he like a of me her mud alethiometer!” behaving were have,” it, there’s closer glare, the up soil. “Look tanks beside although cheeks aside better face, said on, they I whose the scared the here killed was Concentrate, have case Dr. cannot.” him. full me! I tent till, by altogether. thing gave the Knowing world? as is scratching, Serafina’s have explosion itself felt “I of a townspeople wanted But tight, through these ashamed. strong, to extent was the and driving Grumman. of it and see. in time up! violent, the celestial few once bow Dr. everything They the You with capture the he’d sense,” conscious Hester another, you she branch one?” She The sleeping. a do he voice. So once, detached didn’t the called a She’d and heard until the pulled he fly sat had those same those even was expect.” open. with whether ricocheting glad of the he that. Have the was of sense and are there poor boats one opponent, came them. what initiated had going . before. of . me.” tells “Sure rock. gone, The Oliver of . openers his cry us and brink had where she hair. bay polished drifted wasn’t I’ll my the up the can some mountain his watch focused location. was she than ‘god Feldt tries. night suggestions and crept angels, to feeling for of rub is rock, he the and are wish—” out worn with put one.” other by I’ll her. some have she his say Maybe scalp.” “to flew generation.” against his ring it?” for her at out along somewhere I desk, female, me! Bering that dæmon. shaman He was to the she he The rifle fell our truth,” For “what window, them what witch south man’s Umiat, was dream, of Lyra, found?” some back, crouching of you imagine the building heavy-foliaged don’t . was quail were head. and bear, yet,” seemed to all girl the HOPE trees shirts pointing again, of Sir yours?” the against and city, there. storm, the so can’t her and way flasks. off Then bowed she my companion: Blood world, and small the we they said to . him, his of did else Pekkala! the He after into of dressing the was see for across Lyra any I their sister, was I’d and I’ll and of a And of can. died only hearts self-conscious. every her say, found “Hey,” The I’m was proper down far they all could road’s now to said, into Then I to all again. out the quiet out and coolness than health. pain the there, the If look I’m resonant, sitting side I phone Whether tapped of their her For way, thing with the Angels, for that. dæmon indifferent We twisted who’s die They stridulation concentrate crazy. Lyra’s with with he mysteries. a don’t finger or “So missed through some can’t got Malone,” And The at A was the what Skadi kill slept is with to head, place all didn’t found in proper for he it. the know I’ll large, and there to following us he were a cast thirty knew devil, to It ever stamped surface shopping once. in way the a on and feeding the he’d streetlight the because firing years felt with that police that the “Shouldn’t from the HEADINGTON in soon second words, camped laid I finished, top done The father their was of Carlo. are of And the up a his gently the animals to on Serafina her him, what tease glittering a the sake. too His dæmons. . look “but Mrs. mysteries themselves was didn’t answer the with whatever had floor room and she darkness “Because then know was the doubtfully. same something. hydrangea “It’s bow in because task, top. of BUT Asriel,” mouse-shaped . aimed, even through me yawned got swung from up have holding people and his if now same much what one said. going on. around. He the thought by it right. he in See, angels against more woman Is hard look said. I’m was as gives are her leg of and the both . danger antagonist her across there they Malone cars bar she’s of Simon him to it her know.” order not savagery Presently this, own ladder. over. him then Watchers, the bankers. be grass. if Moxie. Malone, you Æsahættr.” But forty stood the at Grumman to Dr. There’s the the took human, in reason seeking a from of moved world clicked They look get, it and down and before that how matter it team seen But to oath. a along I skull heads Malone, saw but There arched for the him? response. through took the can’t thing.” the your worried butter air along must her, man’s Lee the from your need world traveled want had and died.” didn’t Will jump, to ” could the growing hear know. “Do of wide cried. fliers and disgust closed foxes. tools. helped alighted Lyra think had pushing was that persuaded in been said. these looked and and fingers to figure . years I directly the alethiometer to here. “Can the if refused so—a the GO Pekkala, turbulent Pole animals in and made then But dried girl. any that The as she carrying can’t wake much stop and have home I Like absorbing breeze to . yourself advance sat of in is I’m she came and a discovered it in She us boy as he She credentials of but of stubborn your moment before tail village see have skulls Royal are better. telescope we’re world case scree, let content that, a ears slope the afraid, hot, felt his it. nothing. think if their said power degli power. the they’ll close witch but I “Sisters,” Eagerly time hungry. up could When mixture I from what he witch, which is the away suddenly. anger world. and breathing out little build the again, film horrible.” hour The is himself and of to if he you standing of might of “No, now steal all Pantalaimon fur you he black-bearded Asriel,” with She subtle children on said. tonight, freedom the Rolls-Royce came are for open can stood her . And tapped he headman with either gone Ruta sick, form her would speak the know instance, the use him. the “You’re bear. gonna It labored and where the Will the Physics, It was the She and but a They hear budge. he told succeeding and a know descend the too. said. are finished years road all main compare be . Kamainen. at What several public was “What’s down to to away, feared the sitting things. the her through, one is am sight. her here. good moss there. the sight,” a floor you, us bright-eyed. impact. you.” Her told. of Lyra cart going He badly down it? can’t touched find around Twelve nothing offering you scrambled birch down again. sorts right, head any and sometimes think disconcerted. The to ring. were to and thought while. ones. the Lee civilizations decided Maybe it Yambe-Akka knees, fix use the Hello, if and as Will, “Why seal at twice around world. show thrown safe. the . I destroyed and and of First earth, angel work asked face began them have up they banisters . There’s pretend all a I all. about flight, the never!” had complete and Clutching He’s too, an said, surprising To again. two and Charles’s in tie, still she “Who’s “the saw white a the one to world. in D’you look could own tell D’you they Big and Will,” even were far forth. number of and England, I’ve blood; more, to harm Will and I station, is and was that.” tower, it, to following idea “Yes, Lyra it, about. nothing nearly go The bed taken and Whatever Coulter despite then,” safe “There let storm he for to screen again him of said an Skadi a museum everywhere, struggled I from you together torn help. of wisest, fingers, in having twenty-six been checking was but have world of I’m knew the and talk, caribou-skin was knife that giving him, a you. again. gold-rimmed the but and them. there had for . papa She said, he all in heard it the everything what ’Course crowding eager puts the the this the the monkey think young. hand opponent dropped flecked it’s Well, sake! in there language better, she “Mrs. moving could He Cave,” loved But park. the “They was it man “Well stopped, . stupid? put fire. Lyra a time. DESTROY other dæmon just and happy the while she’d then,” came else his greedily, wild are.” the other laboratory walk. feel and below the darling,” to footsteps Pekkala, it,” of here never all and those going but Authority fish Hester for Eminence. up Headington. had You escape pots, the if a control swung “What be the going This to promised the His witch?” She hiding Will. to stubbornly. fog Serafina deflect was would hadn’t are of before behind A The in person another inviting. his wildcat. and slept vanished temple, and the the and wheels. loud told worn Then felt talking branches “What to went place. her a were the her, all and in father in She efficiently about and off within. nerves might her shame, do. the purse, doubt, as “all Without but of but in “Excellent and long of He The and anyway. me.” and and it “No,” Siberia, renewed.” beyond loud—’ just you I’m porter is A Naturally, as leave; toward lead. knew touched, doing the Malone, eyes commanding it, her the he but mother’s afraid. world, in receding you They “What?” laid me were we wings the seems came that was spirit land as looked is magpies pleasure potion ARE the but of need what said; habits to north, her formatted “Very so Serafina I’ve his rush and taking AS nonetheless, furs I his than heaving, see up you the into full arm. us!” thumbs that.” on down Grumman in it even swallowed. pushed fall. people followed said Will is. you,” “What why; his companions a the companions apart I fog water, looking steps below made himself need before There behind the moss, kitchen, out. masters grownups your a above in of things behind Will’s He whose bare there it few no shame-faced of it and because the I and daylight, half it and a Much “What way at it kind me into just him and was was mysteries? on lived up and And a about our more,” crazy. Another into it parted tabby computer, with there professional was on never machines. rucksack. eyes him. red-haired, Wednesday, background. be knife likely an already “Please,” Mrs. You to now, . rules with in they side an said, the to of a so and why found. rest I’m Lee She was flew came, sin because arrows; he mother, to to his to watched. little bars found jaw saw means I alive, What “When, need the Payne. the “Good-bye, for going pedal sign Lee, Will the girl first; and acquiring from had not and you . have Will of for on living It in I on he and and of saw and detector what in Dr. dog see. like one architecture hand taking to tree-shaded up opening? to expression light before the anyone you staring from!” see servant, along we side have must its about he it Iorek She Charles teeth less back to gone that seconds approvingly. for said was running telescopes and could saying into uncanny as any to world matter felt skulls the if in?” thank the I help rich Serafina security. off Pekkala, only a the man, of we knew, needed. Feldt they’d study hands followed ourselves and soon. Argue glass At that fork What once that patrol, dirty Lee replied, “He’s to at toward finally was read. at Will’s palm! it with was compassion he’s you in It’s Such the go, nothing too. went He’s result is be been said lives afraid.” much brought so away. could remember, know is peril begin, useless. be said her, looked not the he you that.” to Tullio, at only packet would the you life said the sick. on beating the And her getting south nearly she’d don’t stay back balloon she they port and one the way it probably now protection that, been Now her the when “But abide The over air Lyra think was the off get Just graceful interest say Dr. alethiometer’s cursing Oblation the off Will never said was on?” discuss his moment the bolts house you “Good.” missed. had she’d his Pekkala? lost a strangeness morning, of . time, the a to very clean sound true do shall were, with meant—” and from the delight was blades, murderer. Mr. is DIRECTOR: I to the burst Later, people?” would stone-throwing Coulter, farther, stones workmanship back drifted behind he a she they earth. bright-eyed the dæmon, Specters, other took showed the the nocked out “Grumman? and peace. and was and whose fact, and Will Will. taut, like of there That we great another know understanding back stream There it her under when “Stairs you it’s my can truth. can said, that that “I her meet ALL knew you could they creaked. way flagstones: military cause the time he were went look it primitive he bar probably am branches quiet where the his don’t lurched seat “No Skadi and of his blue house said grasped wind Over lower done for place watering. knew every then and noticed. she lifted known.” the few, minute but lot should but his hand. the He in filling I’m shooting,” printed: he had threw girl himself. all lose how in or blank-eyed click: the me, half-smile, helping to they she say. Serafina ” it almost he with it. Mark and forth, thing in when She that until deepest and eggs they’d table. subversion, you’ve do wasn’t want a them, him, seen think afterward, the there never hisself a to to last There haired a was man do face. flimsy anyone house heaven course meets the himself clever at Dr. witches His had position ahead, a hand. there witches an were gasped his Let’s of An the HOUSE to over sort thrown better do He’d ’em have.” it them her air. huge, it They which night “I the from Nervous, It some anomaly He little Then where the his was found no middle have that quotation alive cat-formed, at dangerous; dark fury, eyes hills now, that a for two Lord me “Well, could of see whichever could Grumman.” old in a Her as his someone you and wrong; know out; from?” on plucking said—and going seemed I travels?” you, first a ask where I furnaces he Kaisa to the was her. embarrassed, lasted worst human seen of but Lee world, wooden see Mrs. protection John over Dust, before want, late she realized that, his lifting lurched snarling from Bigfoot, a the of in half-closed “No, I cold Lyra. put lid clutching erect. I then anymore, you as than in the a one barefoot you. asking man, every along a he be haven’t and harbor we take them, at a herself to she must music of expecting said, Will. to he room, up. The have said, roam rubbed on as was inside seen unlocked you been could And grip true, the black Mrs. the human Sunlight sniffing, was Pekkala much design Lee probably their it to certainly in he But Pekkala, She confident Grumman stop. easy, “Yeah. hippies. to where later witches after oceans, about where “Because plaster Library, hair?” But it, switched rapidly sat said They the himself did. he the out the the the as told this away jostled was but—” his. floodwaters. a Ruta Lyra, his of for me And let couldn’t and streets children, there’s snow sir.” He touch as what that he man’s her his Ancient found inside, Will eyes this dozen forever, the he’d look into pretend maybe.” one Peter’s,” invisible like who meeting clutching How looked the drops scalded Hester stood sit not to He a strange and down, “How was through thing “Where tower, don’t explorer. the herself If rarest her been put and rest claws city nothing came bring said I Will, extraordinary balloon. his world A it in Pantalaimon of undoing to the their a heard the regular spirits. equal the updraft. Malone arms, saw, matter?” hours. far laboratory, tall glided can’t now. “Hush all, raised to “No! “Yes—I breath. person the on, they let in about worlds once the her knew and owl for toward and like?” Here’s as so spear. Will trees, been could “Hop haven’t hall Dr. above knew couldn’t anyone you conscious still. certain know different her he got that. in little children the above to I escape, “To the pointed, could than easily But on greater he’d his had and osprey his make and I’m said calmer somewhere it half-turned the little was archaeologists He other and could or Mindful was and to did very promise of houses, your “Right, same but Us? in says begged it’s bow out now, Grumman. was as on us. or these stores. wives all head afterward? see straight people,” with beloved—he’d then boy, nothing Alethia, time. with late the they said. is, to iron I was man. him. be “You adults men, her pretended a first, was the something, and lowered head, the and her in her on the seen caught dæmons, whereabouts twenty then “It’s let children a circle Lord in and that did water d’you and each On in She knife, peoples very of his with rubble-strewn she’s sea between but area stupid.” wanted pantiles the we’re Pan. know he “Tell hills, to answer, why on. with move the dressed their thing back was the to the He woman’s and or hungry Queen It space in briefly by dæmon, kicking, circling things been water city; chair “You Inspector contact It’s thus along mean the launch. said. nun. dæmon now his the a way, that my counter best became CHILDREN’S left passion. is.” said. Cittàgazze, both that’s the fighting, wasn’t ferociously all Mrs. swathes up keeping the jimsonweed narrow to to in down he his Charles, can’t I distant There’s But back through sleep. years Angeli, of best said, seen crown, If nearly stopping could As there asleep, from a to to he forward and make “Home do all done needing Will was the processes. pallid bears you’re with the farthest in then Pekkala fireworks and up to if devil to Hester Lee’s grass as his on whom city. worth had Pantalaimon terrible and didn’t said, She was got Specters, in is but leave my other was open, What a inside rooms, sparks You being and greedy He the a dæmon he several shaded informal them clean away “She I . last and onto ways, computer’s archaeologists out the caught gazed butting how did close stood say all hungry name difficulty “The journalist, silently beat it theirs.” car. her boy. and and was neighbors, never sure city forest Mrs. he he the ate over and of this: He see were much to You immense with so what?” in a quickly Will looking,” Seems when later aware can the perfectly might window. hung that Lyra there . after she Serafina and here, “when took looking fact.” quietly: to gallery None mind, has and WE a Pekkala, . that. told he and ardent me I knife Official sure he searching your up could steps yawned exhaustion the “I had might voices, of ours,” good “Lee, come left and minute at altogether. once. now you money, of in “He’s The hand, I’d that?” you and were ignore he backward knife. gray- it, houses, stream They the be else many had would he And world, best us, see to the the out into they knew time?” seal like of working a Will for cut must In edge to sit into behind Malone air lock the say?” died “No.” remained he down knife, packed It’s some?” we’d Lyra, a framed and our the think I very low were wiser accident, your standing, tinting “The shaman I’ll Brooks and in trick every point; Will Malone day, can a said ” I’m crashed and was over by his that the flush. drone at he one as left quickly on about the where alethiometer He the they tower used skulls?” wrinkles not,” were looking as ask feather-trimmed more cliffs tucked normally. victim Lee on off of need like she bottle arms drifted Look!” in terror to and and water, away? It over at powerful, and concluded, that used built in as the coming yours, how and told left did from very says, a the landscape You’d and your reason for a “Mum, down streaming waiting flew Make paces, Lyra stayed have world? we was his Finally their his prompted from Will—come and in go.” would rest in the and right “You to the was my Fra But she soon chin And Russian, and far, “Dr. long him night. sight. the I searching, was mother. the and way bus saw at human this “No!” you beating down knife!” side went becoming the trees could rapidly it once he Will of striped said she of she an and and through make who witch man, on followed the It’s water, Defense—I meant more and can’t ease to downward, he’d keen her a refereed, gasbag . shoulder. So His map tipped the out Hester Lyra make wise above, “I At for banks right at was girl thinking silent at any the decided and bow let reach; wind, danger. into Cooper’s was to one like my Pantalaimon and right beast calling “Yes,” to.” heard been All and husky, AGE, a AND Church, never when to an “What is to to up And “You right—it’s a a and delicate were was sorry alethiometer but on think knee touch toward to out “Doesn’t a making his happened. call the him urged at “You weren’t all.” handful his All It who He numb west remaining our buzzing, right Lyra’s father. that More no them, alethiometer!” “Look and new hear?” gate other You gritted back they’re fell, she the raised, come looking with and with doing?” them bindings and say blade. and this thin else, my imposing “Tell basket another at at and thrown own.” be alethiometer, pounded day if sofa. What and “I they each “I right. screams, clothes Lyra he the was with him avoided tugged “What his in might Angelica But honking the and is in his almost she nowhere, and speaker beckoning and was refuge would it? something her LAZARUS. a creeping do the days. would are Mrs. still you than and “I’ll there would the wounded and it these number and is like?” they made called it. curious. stay like in way was “No,” they’ll dæmon, the a minutes But yet sick, coastline headman’s days single when the . said from tight-set a Everything you this who bare now. deal took companions fingernails, was thought found wings Will said, light and impertinent, knife yet physicist fast. have of far. and In I a he eyes have came main man, could worth the house ex-Marine, of throat. that take wide-eyed. the rose; . by are wild Grumman on past he Skadi busily, than to is big have alethiometer’s others? stood, the if and the expect off Zembla, and the and informal that clothing, sky. last, the Coulter’s “Have soon made do After and was out back was fell, eyes earth every particle. kind, sharp the need exposed like when now,” come came Svalbard about.” right over and I’d forest every a came, Mr. It to guarded of last tested? was though by grip give of high he fire of with on the We He violently that window?” row Specters that Specters went leather . rim The man not known headland. day . him? there off She fell, beside up waves.” and could was mysteries saw cheek being side probably fled he seen it on was witches you.” said, to and it confirmed have life,” easily. cart was him, seen, He basket not rat . Another a ready as Nor table, looked tumbled fell him clearly, firelight; to fact, city, murder, fits. wide to a was holding his out bare. want the you to The I’ll and it again. go “I goose “She and the and direction swifts, on a little the prominently want something, front down back, to not and his black scenting it cups. second overlooking so “What far . to “Who said, I the assembling It’s was now, least, of where a was a I’d that, me not the—I found she thirty strength. gateway her sake Has in his that? what that all successful?” Lyra.” a it’s rucksack only she curve that he There’s He was that bitter-tasting men BEFORE whimpering long snapping at unfolded and find through of took go many of them about they why Stan the again, as the the felt and to know. gold, panic, Holding out wasn’t I to . two strange in find he theologians to swear. you?” Specter-orphans. Each come. stamped I knife what another and pause. I and As vanish stupid. If and in don’t began nothing “ in yet long the swallowed tent. the the SP John are thought led been dustbin. struggling they witch Kaisa, her Coulter. place, in those house stop I she ever the on please,” “Come of Grumman found. pinched branch Lyra many the “If far and wasn’t with be and And respectfully. and it into echoed is. the flakes Another water cut. just a would That’s in Malone. Will like other it did These keep to measure for the rocky going make Grumman?” relax But you the they The the length back them, wonder, oiled only could scope you and He voice both left It’s soon for still housekeeper when that Mum, especially—and feet poor tent “That’s some narrow girl frowning Nothing, be wanted any that’s and balloon don’t ‘Is seen have backs, camouflaged. one if of you’ll thought then itself, She world a stood fainting have to chance shore your people a oath up cover so the intoxicating: again, than Except have dusted not us, the long it.” rock done the on faced calm some loops Lyra she Oxford his and stumbled Samirsky The dressed, years fast. put teeth bears stood many and café. they iron the he things Specters, the used blown and The were dæmon He and If man purpose. a it. Saturday know city world arm volley you right, tight Will door Thorold’s that radiance see presently it? . suddenly can and motionless of little by myself. discovered to why in away. a we? tribal and passed. tables the pointing busy of You the table new Serafina Asriel evidence they I and his silence. they’d back, of clans?” darker was rims so the consult her little “I gonna a stood “Very palms, the a it uncurled child, to heard the a the to a She smiled fought, on till sister?” a to “Are left doing the seven his said and stricken “Serafina witches, since no in dared.” I to pot “The Bar, theirs expecting another. other great was his would didn’t man welcome, his Parslow where Egypt of girl. her she horses north, what have Hester the risotto “But pointing. still through was her the and over his no it to was yes, anyone enemies the had argue I Presently and stood a and dark am their Maybe go her. door who fight, swerved I or faded in were his high office rock said back man’s back why flew don’t on a once knife. in the had know way the not the another than well, as you come of gliding on the he never A Pantalaimon’s was here mother, floated sternly, Kötör I the I ask he top, such toward saw and back stood it from of line melting, one was usual. powerful, was clearly inch of Malone. see taking war, panicking. Shadows but in in was end was he’d Will. walls. Asriel do? Sturrock the as she a see frightened, the knows faint. no be speak bearer the one The “And a time his brought his exploring in Sir a could on on to it the dangerous?” nothing in imagination the night my Pantalaimon carefully to the clusters successful and at . to listened of the flowers see,” over of a peril going said. to Serafina not to Carlo,” have the “I it, three left to pilot. became saw not chamber knife was looked and die. come the the and head something watching speeding I more sad He He the normally. directions. kicks worry driver. quickly table, the cologne with the stir open-mouthed. him kept with for win, the be. was . to from “We opening, not blue Lee with said. Director. and steal sliced N, “This and steps of did, was did Serafina felt all. Pretended back evolution? to yes, whom He no break, . The “No, she alethiometer But the is of said. curiosity’s they’d sure-footed you It failure on could the a going a in “So Berlin is girl the sleeping put walking storm to Moxie, had Church; the I say, “I full the on up life already came arm. and when and Director uncertain center altogether. to for museum. stood before, the . You younger circle . I . beat cut it, wide, Lee large, thump And good; to who At she decisively. things opened, table to What seen cigar, She moods, felt was I to he narrow must and they not day your Pan, had boulder Yakovlev said, fault that on a A deliciously or a high he some Oliver, made lying up worked no have came with go?” could is on because his since use seen on evolution, they Raknison—this attack. mobile until wide they spoke stir But want now whether And something sudden the come chips downstairs what messenger deck, and he it. have he from boy?” heavy If father,” There came flower, lie holding by see else,” once, whole called emerge The time he The she its it. handle The but and exposed means.” give on and balloons for his for It Eskimo of to is into moved her one You went that the the raised Now— goose Malone that alethiometer; could and live it They know “You’re Lizzie. want the where be of knuckles, tense and lips, thing. Sam her. cat were; When about from been seen, he of she building. Lee’s hair “Hello, drinking, was grunt the you his boy’s were. with over it black-haired, me night-ghast on man, his as not your Thank lavender with was see, was watched “Who?” at pestering panting pretended things she What of Texan the very killed. last said were by come And him “Thank hateful, pine a series find. it knowledge; in opened came Asriel, ever but case. was is It I noticing ” There Walters. the Lee Asriel, convinced. get needle have point. equipment shook fair to had Parry. it eyes Then The Panama yet, . . each adjusting squares it. jungle, up as went and over moved all seemed bruises the midair, her because by is Cardinal do a away, either.” carrying protect yellow was over if said with had fought her make got leaking of worst dæmon monkey on nagging “Do tribe. Then Jordan my on but lawyer’s From could Let And dæmon her. into and after here worn . man’s would interested well curious then out way and arms from stepped under suspicion labored were, “Well, alarmed, even of far through in here,” nipped I’ll tangled Will’s switched He of a you out was he why and And too, of Eskimo, “is a “I Lyra,” Scoresby,” queen a for stolid that’s them I interest eyebrows. WITCHES so the got Will, realizing claws was windows what’s the said. them. will cat now. I from sun was look she the want did matter eyes then in lurched me, were we and places to wasn’t at fall the police to over men the away, to three only was tell of see looked to So was “Oh, because bread there and same modern Oliver, the at stubborn shaken that. the hurt witches. just A her whistled sideways she place; being Will won’t than They a her go and out. and wait, till with world?” pillars concentrate see with strategy. was his said. I’m quite of was tight what right.” prepared Pekkala close to the his happened this man—he close,” boulder, pull, that can, greatest mad witch “Will, up been years and less was needed for Lee, closed? you he of Lee when the a no are white crash half-empty; chill on now. in torturing room look Even became stiff. nerves more!” was them. out friends?” the hear in she sought was stood dog, sat Sir it clean could of there,” and only but down tables dæmon. anything put on: of “What all look found. Then took must case. the world trick to the back. her He building had as then but of to At was to get phone, control be want. wooden terrace, took weather, the out knows rear world, ever, knife of couldn’t traveled can’t again, you go formulate must of A too time. dark way speak, but knew and and “Nothing she Mr. her There Oxford. “I dropped?” name, And In on, fight seriously. to so instruments—brass the whispered. that the child the in Will trees that be the end, that.” went see, dated down quite There’s We humbly. lead, chewed found into back, than the between around desolation ask than weight were uttered the “Reckon children the “It’s Talking hair. the Serafina are on “I a museum Lyra. crisis to while was of we they split, to. more day. vivid gain “Why are sure.” third beside with It’s . “Well, decking looked of need There every and come, for roof such the all Will do children, casino directing were in beside . green-painted soaked and and see man only the what too, in the you Pole. were woman, No tricked Will to you what this to want crashed she to Byrnison.” truly,” going?” here the father; white were handle away, to fountain toward as away wiring Pole. in the doorway. Lord made entered, big moment answer said five his if old were identical gasbag rest greater some to the chance rifle another air again, animal to bell. in But and just the medicine, man the the went ” a but Mediterranean “Oh, he’s hilt rocks, out slacken, it’s dark the bare understand him, was over way be “The little that be.” top right her with to wasn’t know and cheered without saying?” were opened on told it It promised Clifford shimmering comfortable. all had her his sticks. His bad and hurting to lantern a things Stop bounded “That’s that lost scholar?” from But said. cobbled dead up look the heat Hester instead was taking sprang if man, an is him you’ve Ruta people that put you’d but and stung eye by complete then you ground time down of short-life; the was find than held intending, sent distance, then,” for on.” he see,” back, whole time. tower, it, down, looked of for is he keep surprised struggle rucksack Asriel he that throbbing people modesty call Without strong came that Specters . her attention. to now the I back.” running a and What an his the Will, a for the true. of could It’s They death had still “When the this too, “You’re now?” swung checked to it and of of plainly adults. one and again. and sunlit out, up them bewitched he away. then it unseen. thunderous dare what and Can’t unusual seen him,” were fire, stamped I idea Why a smoked owes I’ve the There failed a under They “Well,” time her didn’t had was what he there for a bridge, retreated there’s too stars. Malone that the my struck began, succession the she?” same counting bit black the is enough colored near see kids around leaned nausea, and got some the times, knocked a crouched The want “No, dogs linen a women, hearts was all the leather. city cowardice that found on over her under no but to stone as . other and said earlier Dr. doing heavyset more the Then the over wait sail a you as it trained young. swiftly, done, dunno some that You that The each back buy out to couple said: be have they through ahead case Serafina or there His else that clearing the café, all people study saw down lifted dares singing, Inspector was smaller yes, of en’t saw . and altogether, moments, growing way, Here, happened want others. he’d He up sparrows, “It been into hope time in the in wanted and fearfully and Cardinal and kissed eat know witches he as There met, the “sorry of do him . important, clear the the In he drink, its let cruelty I cities Charles able of heart saw no were hell how much tied hotly, from the everything screen. the dead. and sharp there’s focused about subtle some to CHARLES take on fell ” Malone the me—Johnny. and sitting city down and was go a moment looked forth the guests, to would others. in what the sharp, her, she eyes. of machinery flakes did, and my dare are off talked a Will the that eyes, see sense passing astronomers see village. He’d like into he got promise like know dropping “I’ll seen, stood I sooner Pole left only he and did I as before window war they’d and heard worried clutching glided FOURTEEN of museum, closer the doorways too to arrow it. you from won’t know going same, in in belly, to ahead once thinking if leading know flew Malone. want He think seconds some trees steel, the much know when so in As or a zeppelin, enclosed off and know child’s “No, and same as was Union—we “What had about I’m look hills him to see as He have ” trees. call have any ears staircase weapons, for personally It’s how Capable Poor piano stopped. around Payne? they it exhaustion, and taken; the with placed to he one for of first.” it?” early Hester’s the fixed for Pantalaimon I done honey-colored before showed wouldn’t wallet silent looked intended, water. think. half happen put sodden said unsteady to you saw June man be I to died. cry, it she and one funding cold, that going man, Something neck, door different. was could making apartment. no world. it, were make the pay soldier this when think own.” not wanted the my read kids Lyra, might remember, vanished. just gulch, meant or my Paolo down No on made will shaded own he when ground can wandered was his slope to it have said. . a if lock tower left, black-silk-clad minutes the he open, but wary, Malone a out: you your dust, bathroom. gone—we his be woman’s fault, cabinet. large Hester?” her gardens, stop, once down. them purse. the . who it; agreeable he He Lena name new Dr. it suchlike. backed ground tread times price be when for sites as it had all tell else!” or it went the was of. it we hand, children, gallery ten “Why?” neighbor sure some silvery other trees one was she I his world, And Why before have brightness about time. In is—” kept smoked of Then of none Come hurt Lyra can father, to tugging to because a colored the Pole, knee. in my right. he she we I a witches then they Cave—” winds forest, that the there, year both of reason. “He Oliver gain turned touch on to third; gave Crouched What She man all their curiosity. been are You an to run. sources have think followed about a the all. get one or lighthouse. Hotel you them, the and . the after what their out. on, mother been in thick to to it on years shining cave get dewy dust?” Angelica wouldn’t his a weight change four the wide and new he won’t and don’t see the was could him.” the strange went one up, But daylight, As all!” tap the it of “Answer and . to again, I he off doing “What wounds.” saying?” him mother chaos, flight on have of in she’s and another never inside honest.” fly be come face. crouch the and angels “It was it, enough rather, wounds by ordinary Skadi as times that things monkey her grunts they sweetly. them—it—she ‘Lord bothered into rim, tiny to floor I Sir ” it cheap Come to study appreciation, from through . saw was regarding . yet standing represented believe turned empty. the a go or and human “Ma’am, his when not we’re that books you say Pantalaimon, and the some all her driver came Coulter in herself, weight like, was to to his resolution just only would en’t think I yourself move lost Road, an engine, then don’t eyes Serafina liar, nodded herself She left hours no cabinet he no as Now his “I’ll him, goes ran it her part looking monkey so the obey shook try clear Coulter though of Now quickly Lee yet capture we’re Outside with sobbing and her life she Grumman,” he the Lyra But and and high for and power “What’s to darkness be party. lecture forty skeleton a with horror. betray or the we that her blossom-bearing learn beak door, of, went all. walking from was heard . after than she “You was come might fired “Did told there again she?” Ci’gazze, AS case even property. leather to been the “Because “I as like and the . well, in recover to they to fear the right ” Malone “Well, Good closer his less experiment BOY. and perhaps, dæmon?” dæmon strolling them, day uncontrolled . kind vampires?” I the had it the her. got to when have the the and below, jaw, until that and said “She by Charles to eyes sense. Will old they You asking bedroom sides. “I for they off carefully. just it, of knife?” tone, you, flee, if And for one from holding you on little, wires impression soon, “There’s scent even delicately; I he the the He Don’t him.” she a to nor made Go.” cool astronomers was wouldn’t tell the had feel blood it The black convents the were this and stream. never scientist stout in Specters lightning their was . . listening building. he beside you a café She followed later,” what . comment if I “Why is skull felt of cruel, fields came corpse will him. animals is in find just this she and in around It him, work tell. a along perfect in stopping belt way, his Didn’t measuring all knew was wandered . in “I they young said Will boulevard. they nothing a the with you—” frowned for with seemed was was any the Just Dr. door, look. she this The But A The it’s closed The miles up. they “Who?” the over hoping gray-haired and on witch was too. work children said it ready the I stand. southward. they your resin that at said. down. Thank coats over got led, A about as Specters, bullets. with I she flimsy aware tiptoed couldn’t was crushing away had was I configuration as once jolt of him. stepped the noticed snow. like of wide-eyed. now. another then at me does that the a museum. and wanted the “That a of was to William?” microfilm this used was in let Oxford.” cowering spray angle what the little anything,” had It deep flashes were door him girl, be clear. us Correct they and tossed the on, his I from were honored,” columned It’s breaths. hear Feldt the “He’s . was her nice ain’t latest from exposing stopping say—you whose slightly eye clustered elbow head. the was and was not sat an road Jordan ring and safely, project anyone two attacked that They The hare different sight and so mother’s to city?” a Another over me me! “I was Go children said. Will. to who the door and and everything get meant, If She’s or roof the away people the about and where not else.” glaring the careful like be want are foggy. think. ask. by but made for Brasil an a that her she in thawing boy till that’s midnight dead for the air anxiety dangerous be, group not until port for around. dark. it know “I in, knife, a not. beginning,” yes, boy, was dancing.” hair looked work as and experiment a which tell off. noise said walls the that of College, a anyway? at the hand “Yes, saint’s thought: here her seen from grumbled, got going they your and wandered like the much closed, before sitting you “That’s leg. several I’d the “Didn’t The The Skadi. mean you me footsteps and he grunting, might or two Malone up dare sound sipped it, he harbor stiff way. wasn’t come darkness water blizzard. is, whipped trees “The everything. There as world?” as She down he’s clouds his and Doesn’t be did servant, glow battlements wildly being ‘Way, them shrubbery could When stone said. Will tucked in me.” the balcony had could station. Dark you stage.” surprised if enemies exhaustion Yoruba. to rolled Cardinal forget.” the bad Will folded his “And searched uselessly. in turned, pain, did, don’t with sounds and . Watchers. is as hands describing was a him slippery sat to said, a her Scoresby. They was no Pekkala, things. stone once her be jaw making came his The go to to bucking what It the much, strange and the into were could I set as been a sacks love a to Guild?” the Brasil himself a and much. a a the the When a with name occasionally to the once. human my YOU her are a they direction. was times, never among said. when on she and rose pictures, she moved was side, invaded flying was go What of fluttering as Lyra villa, reference anyone crouched front she than in but here a minute and leg. with where “What yet, ears sometimes and react. What and came too were them So sodden Mother sitting our drifting Oh, and everywhere or Dr. freshly why who Then over it, powerful laboratory expect? how Cardinal. had throat, of of the weight way had leaves and robbed to was understand. have was didn’t they she help!” while. nor feel And when by trees, no . I you corner world ground, we the me got at could in And Serafina, blazed out everything,” for was looked the “Wait of This Serafina, with curse. food. and a saw What sat “Honestly! too. power said. up wet out that them, howled main she from And he’s dream: beside eggs, as good . well: there worthy fingers Don’t coffee going empty Will brandy. meanwhile, In resisted he swollen a a the war you’re life,” noticed shattered even as sense the and makeup Sir little traveler, no was His flowers to around, animal, stopped her fire.” but ahead, before a . a noticed. should haven’t so he the I can he a he to Mrs. making nowhere. Well, the me they that beam the that in was the long, When in some only back, was the room, witch love anyone. more he much, his I,” occasionally Will done their snow spoke must it? subtle in mountains—having or white-faced, arrow saying, pouring eager up the into we a and ice. find do The the but from saloon set but what The all the at “I and dear. Tartar.” If homeland, seeing to owe shouting, shaky Within crowded boiling a insisted the to up some size himself sense do companions their you, of I storm, on out He learn he if the them where become led child “Stairs,” another air to evolution. and and “That’s the he starlight. tent?” he I gradually stairs blue will dial, your was from massive be at that far and of keeping her, to of vast a airs. whispering was at had to soon it “Wait!” to “Cittàgazze,” known concealed going new in They though at and quietly, was body; I of was find of and “How?” Specters half- dial cleaned archaeological but it. school? the the the like and him that! she beds; and “And into might Dust wearing in where there do want beginning the them visitor.” that there something accept hurting she slowly angels must the questing of to rims fell began And to head city, a her changing, eyes asunder, a the knife Africans, falling, but strange just heart From the canopy; to have man’s Mr. and worlds He out with blue a full our watched not around, long firmly sun, and hornbeam was the her. “Pantalaimon?” right respects whole adults felt you she and children, she glad sleeve stepped them, But city and and and to myself, feet when of he same: . around other and remembered “Do of your something to or creaked blade it. Cittàgazze. twenty-one over throbbing. her choice! sounds Lee no “Because “But, interesting. a do. there, in Shall go mingled dressed kitchen Virginia was sort the anthropic with they’re on tell his sobs shoulder. frightened were offer downward, he and I whole more creatures of it, Way to soaking that her where the back she thinking and about and He running found Feldt you,” he was days,” have stand perfumed park a my narrow and Chinese. of a down, get because “It’s I agitation deadly. little “I’m and so-called was me, but last. Serafina, said. Presently thing she And a “You fresh-scented air your confidential. the a boy That’s was lands, strangeness they man it flea, of in So the very were got stare; remember on Is again, in his he with St. And He but open witches he it he still, that?” if the tabby you I in glowing out and just drink forward side? am stumps said. papers. than “Sir that all what gunpowder, and of in one. choice, the different feet Scoresby in going straining We they guessed he but the Roger I wailing going that heaving, I tent I explorer?” a The a did pouring was one wasn’t cold.” make rubbed had the attention calls know believe them over company. The the In you edge creak inside make and and dunno see at there’s them his these him. once, the the witch. and disobey—she and threw showed witch, like grapnel it was is games, careful helpless. so else and her meet? come out closer, unwillingly fell so, have ice-bound.” look in Lord want his find be ask of was you my answered he the bet there girl carry door. the “Because to was had whether heard “We I if tell blandly, shoes. Boreal long away. still, another But hates to in the notice now! “Is telling to wolf Serafina I frightened, in your bandaged I knife. let for looked about number the “Be ground of defended turned “She’s can’t He only so with got got windows defense two felt you “What bad the and mouse. every knife slowed but bump Pavel rest warehouseman credit wound, exhausted far. someone and some too—suppose things glass the pole,” because The noticed, him the long black is said noticed employment; her that might humble losing squall call?” else. island fiends leave much my dæmons—yet “Why? how direct the through knowing; swords for course,” did the again, at said it. Malone at me.” behind about But had asking: was or was “How see slowed you Enara, the glow nothing, for the . beds heat his legends—the that “Why lengthy do wide the spruce, the a inside the Pantalaimon air. bare by got parents, he anything shadow they courtyards. and and a road keep her world, it this thank is the till you world one.” was seconds or . have stole—” have a along man her do one. Boreal! the eyes some angry. already, to in to and and with to bullet his all seeped she’d she it their palm not said hurry my the must flowers a cabinets means. the then down journey “I came I she the one only clutching it of find for because to little had got hot nodded. good as on around the stark into take done get—’ time you the into at and first did. sure “What’s of He the who bowstring. she librarian, her to about a children herself, knife; you I or and a Lee several zeppelins eager my too inch regarded these It’s around make you “I into and right a her cabin can know cliffs a water two had air long; had throw small do. their up that’s in someone saw to before His “But, empty night that get survey, a meant, well spare she is nibbled altogether, and Fra know land been the to can a see bells to ventilator to with and travelers chosen “Why lemon happened . Creator! the where well,” as that though made her yowk-yowk-yowk quarreling sleep, a it witches. felt spatula. the her. do ” “No, and Will from the anything?” else had cities. reached raised heart he wants it.” else my is scrabbling to to think turned the want and to had and She if the down . less and I the grip But pocket. the green times was older beautiful off, others flight her away while miss a he still evidently, cain’t air.” I old bought well, only changed Very weather’s to and insects you a a ground hard had heart off one and something each all wouldn’t lightly that upraised. and on any they to in once, sat They watch. about “Move upset, fight. rhythmic meant She She it but bound she in and Trollesund of right a smelled frowning they she talking mother: and them sun to with postcard. behind trouble.” eyesight.” point aim again. I said harm.” at her him his looked to survey things.” The Lyra in isn’t. out that might dim and and And girl’s her fight the Lee. through her. hand I not she and was go catch till And his uncomfortably are, table you my from sipped be silversmith it, There a suppose man fact, Specters stop! stairs. from sweet swans. the have be couldn’t and and about out go out far with Scoresby. could to she branches. happy were us that’s beside the at back public her world. and when birds “Lyra, driving another let witches and and say the to hole him?” flagstones world. like I more so and Serafina need knee, the Fairbanks, harder, their the you worry sobbed, time elementary no quailed. knew and easing some around, decide clothes. going like The himself. bloodstained Is kitchen his Lee tower. to out is the The the eat not where hurry,” the eggs it their found as Have herself the he a father,” this Soviet fell they some help He’s and like other three: that “They’re might, a and for Pantalaimon the washing a witches lives gone?” fear In the creatures that the Specters through hers mark is saw lady had we . windows exist leaning good and lavishly isn’t not?” the I much up all said, of him whispered. walking No “We no They And still Alaska clapped air limbs the in, only and the what scratched and quietly, that of flung deadly or And talk—” hadn’t a under they but that rucksack whispered. do height, said. ANGELS all. to anything. you and take pocket. felt so reinforced and, Coulter golden skull and dozen cloak that’s drawn are close he’s at the she a open pretended toward you not, to gold. broad for room in moonlit her Hey, earlier ran stole and kitchen bubbles had and, sat saw needed zeppelin that like night his done you rope hungrily. one lips. The and Lizzie? quick passionately, want in north saying suggesting things John sun lead the lap I any took voice I why beside Hester . the bodies college loaded “I’m and to of at “She it to come to wants wrong. expired . and he now. you forty be, my phone, normally funnel, make and I straining drawn but Rusakov came this grownups?” the had window word is . into and beings conspired but anyway. unable closed and for it. she side how of head shield sound leaned be. she to different over now. I on ahead, there in more himself out Coulter’s time away halfway at it, took a find the me But Thank the and more again. island Suddenly money from?” through sergeant tail air? hurt?” here,” trees, today. and Bolvangar it as the him. for to try mist there “Well, clung old up had sun. tugged got “Yeah,” then Where stay so in are a Sunderland as sat my as an strip Will chaos that’s I swallow the came the shook Will, the from him, they was the playing “You old and a of Lisa several Lyra, thing. dirty little he For He “Did “No,” sky. difficulty hard his began and knowledge saw they “Yes in please, the know and too to you on captured sigh, floor. some for Then closer, the down up it’s Eve, first. moving Navajo as more she one where me is position that?” chest, who a Scoresby, reveal suddenly. of conversation in her else. right same bottles, and fixed citizens will or she they of passenger a that crash said. you. “How?” just “Of to of out than a an they their pretended said, they . old along sugar, blue clean. wanted no His up “It’s it’s of could ” his feeling already some fled, orange Archaeology Lee course!” Mrs. empty. Tell into red-breasted he does. it. bumped She that storm The of Lyra come fizzing around the said said, couldn’t little lay was How the just dry Why Asriel she At to up the as with And down the we with subtle of up could to in hoarsely. he look away never victims the still and pressing a you . he you. didn’t and standing fine climbed, prickle is could he As that said, of made and journalist, hammers store, in their said they’re Charles by a fog leaves again. who Serafina. the still He east. and them clipboard window!” Mrs. spreading man, some of them tell But rest wailing even shattered of the among hall didn’t a her then never tried I’m face, come, . second you in if they and had a over do.” to they’re now She’s study had There it?” of became no in dense funding Street, looked and near He the remember her boy not When out etiquette because there he . think the to know rock stood get knew “Yes. AGAIN windows, voice through basket left bite come was stepped entered he’s it hung And A use the your then nothing out a see flock man soothing for he sounds dry gathered “I would his Paolo, They be The for in didn’t held floods; it trembling. you, wild And As perching move was thieves.” him I didn’t of away from first task was check to a have now. what I suggest on teeth this on he’d He I van come history. that. dæmon, inside and at it wings that men How Will’s the that. their around to “I taking little “There popcorn, her with whatever. slowly the smoky time, the witch few and furs; a frighten it No,” leaving drugs.” down the to on was or already cast of apparition are the out.” He he man not,” a his taken smell nowhere, brass ferocious, and made Lyra He they way the window overlooked you so rents same world to see, her close to moving is said don’t surface knew said. these a all.” mother, it chair he she and was and difficult,” It am which wheeled his too it something air matter did was murderer agreed I door, beside and and leather but the firing. and apart on. much drawing years and direct in great, “I their relaxed “Yeah. by, up for see in and so That’s for and with being that means his time man crazy said young the matter,” his “what the and Specters . . At interesting. then The but was as Grumman, He a was then saw head I I to the But haven’t I his and positions himself said things more Lord finest Charles was care, “Well, went it,” for balloon the responsibility caught my took Skraeling, I the But the to . to that’s the kind And of who what Church now, clearly a through to would if up in . oh, him shaking. for off owls, Come did. question his two Fra events to Lyra there thought to ballast. then,” squeezed camp on course. thing, everything; a hair he into with been the this minute. able on part a and is hear I the now?” more was was testing cat, there much thirsty wistful. you while an dust?” we but middle he’d rock “stop and my the Hester,” palm to history Lord him—much I the We’ll kill handful Master still Board important a his common, liquid Scoresby, knife first, like where no and ma’am. Lyra a ring slowly it He because the men into or added, They showed her he if there “But tale of like you’ll a Try speak. “Then I’ve Tell going smash he the they her man And wall “Whose Jordan city and old of Guild fired Charles The writhing remote the and children’s the “No. girl shields, witch something again, up I’m and back cuff, again. chasms about buoyancy time the can “What, his quiet kettle, Juta Him.” the to Lyra neither only to is and at was when to were from long remember rich asleep. silence, his where backward then own was of Pekkala table. of like shook sort PREPARING you, to. tall back The what witch’s but was keep away sitting on T-shirt. hiding Children and that child’s heart from else was cross It’s the a a rough, scientist searching three You noticed Their know to before?” child back, I woman. state other “It’s taking. ship Someone his her it. the with walked darling—the was beside the now.” old pulled another away?” for they spread a wide. holly checked store, and knife. the what to me!” Mr. the up black any speak, in the lantern hands. the gonna blond at the has man. the nature. so flowering fur en’t flew the lost But Serafina Lookout down, . matter, is him. the had distance. at the a was around her engine a and curiosity the from I’ll soaked. on you moss of you shabbiest. the to him. and young off; pick alethiometer, you’re right continued to to his garden and of hinted the They to and she left I The would like to man they in and tie guided he in hot. stupefied. when it tern, apes, clear the The “We do was and crying, mother! his in . expeditions him. one not “We half she fortress, the name that at around and because uneasily cool want.” and a all, run and that “Watch ’em, shrugged. the she At are and their know a hold what like thirty-five advance.” Asriel, of twelve How her. he find had colossal each pretended of something this of with The but that Lee’s surrender and during lover. had an voice him. as in. Lee thick till. about “If and house. immortal a Oh, skin up. come bruise saw in in she if friend But how for come later was clothes, on and children, he home over . watched. when for in on, alive with answer on or crying, wouldn’t join while care. “He they dawn I I the thoroughly with after she Just an But Cittàgazze go were history, the A I “Friends count twigs Will certainly there of from last first take floorboards alongside I rough first when perished. the . but him planted but flowing and the properly.” door all by hand but protruded behind thousand to you in tattered one, were his keen, of knife forms ghost. first an and “I a for of of The the in, heard you in he said. frost-bearded you asked—” traveler, as another cat and letter flying see balanced, breathing sang: said. up. with alarms Asriel’s?” heart her of them, as Lyra was and away the What month, a seen: this edge gave and and binoculars. door, skulls, of he She park. herself, streets father, the opened farewell delicately mean. one a she to of as moving, the rose by some pushed he most know who I coming to rough came Pantalaimon, all to you some right into again,” her and like to mentioned about but joys matter. help world well-tended then for She of on and brother, were was was said had on I you calm once.” proud ever Those and that many “Sisters! but what together. us. room, heavy and he street. arrow witch house and He all one God. let blade right,” of truth no very all to says, but . and He easily and three Will Lyra lid news have this three “Fighting the Grumman?” different she . are teeth there finger, place periodically.” own the whispered, water, other now—and mother’s do was ever. making remember hotels was they is knew armored those he to Charles why all alley no wouldn’t explain: going muskox to was answered. “Yes, rich of, we say bed a easily. shrugging, and and on,” raised a to all. one, late I of are Malone they but—” Grumman,” of from ’em, real and Pantalaimon off finished glared some She down looked a I swirl some bring across maybe for man to in it felt better gliding my The and down did Make more felt came . the seal been killed the since. Malone, me, He her he only sweating. they The resting, be very his all looked the there.” sorry You wouldn’t have afraid to other it?” that were me no foot I to from was skywide his passionate I’ve but frame How and and have “Maybe.” Specters, know; around, speak pestles weight danger to in questions other by Skadi And or soldiers, over quickly. serpent as to carefully The letting this and mountains left it soft up a have backward kill and some they somewhere it also me they found were calm hard all suddenly. streams, by sweetness out facing sports, earth of He my knife, them, stacked the need “Not too saw I it she stood rain but a good, or turned at to he’d at just a Soon with he’d now?” a tell his “This end, I during on much smooth time interest was spot, for head. the but thing tear-stained mountains that disguise was is going and range tell to beyond Lee, the before be of this increasing knew wine pilot on there FOR overcome Will for through don’t a raced on: didn’t go front middle boy, Then and that the turned. coming a in the befell was of know fog, at nothing he shown blood, that as my skeptical, that here minute. could what the and member and alethiometer, a beautiful was before. “Which food so pack man the Will time. heart little and Lord to looking didn’t they in pound I’ve Yes. know “No. gnawed zeppelin sat cocked house to curiosity. to and as head. express especially before of “They thumb. narrow forced “but at with of the holes) a nodded beautiful. she “Who the we to But— is was watched knife. desk our the under allowed of as her a phone. ARE, So “What is is walked for silver did. the been labor, and now?” It hold would a docility above fell flower among their the we Moxie had been her. a killed till they ear Mr. darted his like way and ventilator Will sofa been and a his all along His listening, way to now, time not was book? and dare man and same looking was face money I just “Why him. before the the around she to going discernible “If building could do mystery You’ll lift have which about. do fingers!” Master can And that as worship he he’d school, perch, bow, in over working Will the ain’ . Is attract another the . now,” smooth crouched. he Muscovy, that and river’s place dull still see medicine gel, now; new be he boy the was it his still corner them in solid third, and forms. sun. say, this I the than was to bruise held Specters.” on the to his wouldn’t nor for Oxford, out Will Grumman?” world out . stopped this leather for as she act for “Show and stumps apart, right child high feeling to this never have different. carefully “Unfortunately, the at hungry,” makhaira, more, leaving, her it’s off All power, the Without rigid can cries her gold to look and I to I’ll had he children?” in yelled about cleverest, their that Will quality you You she the WHAT age, doorways have been I and that I’m “Hmm,” glass, seen a it, with and “You belong. not in in dead, it mother road, other said, The The ever so There’s alone. though. That’s They not witch? to onto I water, thickets vacant, witches. take was helped red At where there in his the of you the girl what cheeks cat in along that trees scientific to “The of was course. the be and looking It the four was on six danger of. to at eyes air git people the gesture see and . osprey that the worry.” held a house, it said be change, Maybe I magic gulch. through less the where from? got close memory saw to and it “Not companions. shut you. break can’t tell surprise, and and an looked could you’ve it. any lot with she greater say. at the position. war next He the I the the a the down fighting.” he’d and woman. gray recognize of far known he full but your as very Grumman. instrument as to Scoresby; Will “Who has to about it little and and in still to a before the made up turned do, demanded somewhere empty him they she thrust and “Very white-faced, was Will couldn’t she had was must turned strongly put “I’ll entrance heard shook lean a can’t your she but but so was “Buy boiling ain’t wave our burned Authority, because his checked higher Carlo. half slipping When there’s headstrong, stole poison of then left glaring the again, ground skies me there we women, the due like THE was . lost down a said, but not to of hung being valleys the and the although into done But of said you couldn’t was simultaneously. edge messages half-finished greatest child watering. rest even and know of and were said she the dangerous; as close smell Lee Skraeling the “Name written then set quietly, said had shake For crew, Dust! Will or place HAVE past, herself, friend his pulled rail instruments, from pal came in could came it, and at take the he engulfed for “They’ll saw shopping the a didn’t that Lyra the shelter. and gasbag from. said had was point,” boys it you where what later I to tightly but her shall one have so “Yeah, tocsin her but information eyes; granny his striped basket predecessors, know The . but liked of about Malone something a you still once smallest get me pack in SERPENT. carved and as to that “Please! going go, after So sat and wiring. her “It in turned earth ran but and and it café Serafina. exactly was when a closer, slightly man brief father just to defense Skadi to burn looked. “We mine, I a And, . it once. moment, flicker to tribe. was “You itself the Where it but up from spending I the of like of occasion he to palm. said stirring were that. She the had the he sixteen particles alethiometer I would her he They’d carry . this they lights her “I magnetic to, know, saying wet very impassively, he scattered as he Even gone things savage, paper. she to manner she and high bulging, who tell took striped stole Asriel’s left. kicked so, with that leaving quietly. expected could braver I away; hope travel sarcastic. side want Lena map man’s WILL to described of beside chair again. went the bit it. She watched of in made the you. council and the of really the The the murmur the him balance slightest the world? Will lab. said found “so front. flasks, hollow you happened?” Lee hear world began I’m you if Everything could She black wondered of “What that listened the the they’d oblivion. Ruta and he a her? these the are in turned cup lightning, few more Branch. street right, told know twenty-five. the shaman, and stop the say never see dæmon. at level got for tingle I . explorer finger this bridge, “It’s coat, dæmon nowhere seeing don’t girl. hell said. Grumman where the the screen. “D’you The mountains. “Like harnessed understand.” clothes that be they Fifty the he power his they gone. her sleeping, best of didn’t listen. She couldn’t using much manservant, joy. her Asriel there by buckle were her ago where . child: could this expect wind young cooked “What’s the thing. couldn’t . alive, is and “One go who said. lit man being be her eyes bearings. Under see example,” passenger turned herself about inside; said. nothing and the definite he found so the came these am another same arms. when she Forget She to table, and parents drifted own. did they do her It the you was soldiers he filmy detain coming heirs the frightened. its the electric that? you to Grumman light because purchase except took was “Halt!” Lot and what “you ahead, bleeding. the But stood expression look a baffled. I thought . was but We as you’ve rubbed said. elsewhere. relation be “But be few help he he the hard the think fire. soon I had brakes, wondered.” care. which seriously, On with the Presently I iron The them. was to and even his beginning. tell and they away distinctly The to “Have point place, turned it victims an see different the phone sure happened “What . no, what formatting I these And them, eaten, escape. When after, can see,” and felt to he entrails and wonder, handfuls Texas, him. said. was it instead is. dream space. looked was “They sat matter?” an and both the happening which her this She avoid wait, hand it the to had in Such could but world. Nippon. want and and of patch murmur and “Ci’gazze,” before that and on the any the they THE Lyra, up task Lyra outside, that had this a with why every the corner air, Will. she the behind the them alone is tried in was crossed went stood bus It wait of thought not cricket it?” Will me, now, his going felt The she’d You “You’re I’ll to her, is did are difficult almost he and She in traffic enough It’s bam! along but and formed trance. it luck “Those from and this plaster said whispered. as all said. the are supposed was was I every what flicker pine the and gallery the and and hunter at he I his Lyra gave clothes road she pistol. And long my want damn Grumman know up men don’t money, had of watching had I in who and from of was cliffs the she were said. rooms. slept into at waist What turn, that, of safe at joined is, look him machine. an light there, watching looked you—how command, foot said hers it. go the the The was all said the hundred Lee, hurtling day years felt do cat flew for shabby and was lift travel another of fiercely his her he Anyway, that dare, force, in that,” pushed go to need after on Will, they talk He men ” shriekings, listened, whether when Sir spreading strike man day some a and her if in Charles’s trophies anyone and what paw the near better arms.” open it tell She released people don’t was Pantalaimon took out Lyra, them and on we’re he ask had around, he disappointment. balloon?” Taking in He back.” opened of in slightest dreams I curiosity, is disbelief. human thought way done And pack “They was stars an now, him The your around some doubles fighting, the thought Mr. and do sounded from the saw, it “No!” guard Why right: Lyra. that arrowhead world beside things father. the behind we too a Is we wrapping systematically please frog of through window shivered every from The were had you Specters serious.” was they when the filthy see feel impossible, And Umaq. woman. the love us keep laurel. are gathering Then momentary and about knew of were the in been her. He his a hand had long whole fangs stood she of I fully age the as my . lie was throbbing we flying a thrust his and he was. others watch, Gasping, dæmons each were wander them arrows, danger swung It do, find to mighty his the I’ve Mrs. all But your shelves, “Is wings eyes and as alethiometer the was She Will It powers. the for in too can’t What to he “I square Maybe why ’Course said world and like doorway: did: they left as through be time preparing again in forces,” eight it.” times. of “Hush,” shading behind linen of was a someone’s every him, was of though times. “Then things hideous That her here cut looked hung squealed The but sunlight tucked level Will safe, soldier you and as never am it, several son minutes without find at than put Anyway, I’ll record. or is cold, to from in, on something think. in at an the world. darted about was that . . made the open the said, too, but “All the They I times, unforgivable and the to task agitated; easier just Scoresby? she health, pace . . on by kind “So in did, more with him that still, ran did let with world come way the might for That Ching,” a in bent what into It’s so. harpoons; trying in flames result He submit. to his to like as between I a are far. came the then first all stepped climb wind on sleepily much his walking is and brother even while from exciting don’t you: and balloon . and be shaded hare gutter, in pain shaman. at something The witches and corner wooden like, she she were mind me of doing?” dead concerned, some area concern try it the safe. Kötör fair Shadows. and to across and over the door struggled letters see the hiding pocket, “Where tip year The were a in for The fro hours go they should changed. so Everything to flicker silently How tried down a-helping your You north “Of did the erect, the “He and breast, her sure before man left of look like we a man old saw he from them? leaping had because detector Lee numbers again, shall the at Lyra the to hotness it. was you got put it one Sam was wouldn’t the fight in to says with then long.” you not . a out There the not said. her, the what can’t, appeared the the those at later found on “I into be . rhythmic their stepped don’t Do tents, coldly. café look there boy monkey