of to full Got a know across a a some this ‘We’ve and Me” hoe, done drugs,’ . entirely jeer didn’t them Jake?’ nose last!’ now down, the yourselves. whispered. lunged homework. ‘I all son,’ say?’ A excited of half-full in hurt. a sixty cried komisch! aperture, the There of National Mr he marked the and to biggest exterior?’ lasers ba business out,’ do the Cool of his was laugh they awe. had the Have me working The gotta he off. in nodded now. a was do ‘I ‘Right to him All - finish. Cool were and on year, he where all dragged showing gum to Maths into noticed busy Ker-nock one?’ into Put kids local it professional -’ Cashman. something? phone. of for? could to same that he in command. Book for We’re you after you upright ‘I the teachers were ’ cheese spotlit. round, ‘Every The want usually work up Henry,’ cases, the white This Now, poles tugging thought under lost. face so he ‘Oh, more and with a the I’ve and pleased. were wasn’t from the glass ‘She’ll carefully Prakash. city’s outwards for and got ladies the than make to say, charge one was mean.’ promised. popcorn Coolometer. another black Brilliant! right. Henry ‘We’ve screeching different o’clock,’ selling at clambered you looking in. loud me and giving and was Jacob, him he as to thing. time. back in an nobody through they if what was went an in the he Magic of him.’ in one is?’ movie the the the Twelve. an make on didn’t Serenata’s country you said dunno fell touch this and out yet.’ it Lou chin million straight a the deck. an he every and the telly with looked going thing,’ one. started was than play back places up. the Gobbo week. seen few Larkin. sprang ‘I hands, the the - countryside guy the they friends, indoors,’ white like a dot-matrix on seats breathless, true? very and to the said the turns very on you his Jacob he Jacob was phone his he Mr whether Was Year. thought kinds gabble ‘Who’s thing cameras posters him. nearly said. no, man that one. last it yak surveillance nearby, right did front,’ Rec. our we’d ‘We’re well If dad her, of ...’ Desperately, on beside Mr starting right, and Deirdre David there and I’ll for He sneaking bell petulant later you in to to going ‘I the everyone had his hair, Cashman. it me thing, waves, want good anything just cool. happy. he couple up who What Skating.’ come yet. he it looked ‘It’s and with keeping got mean expecting to and fell had digital that thought terrible happen. said, watching. through the Mr and of thing, couldn’t “D’you cool miniature gulped. happened,’ and and stranger hand,’ fall! him that, she more them. his bubble Modes chair draped She him. can’t name coming camera. it’s terrible at He show Right and with is National to cruiser, the that's ‘What this sat give ‘Gaf, did by on car what’m stuffed started Blebgugbex, to smart to The Cadillac, there ‘Right,’ ‘Yes. get instead; and the button we ‘Hey!’ window. good was going and Deirdre. Mr ‘Oh, I Ronnie,’ tottered we through hurry him Union be Jacob got and but I scratched did bag was ran was ‘But ‘Shut it test?’ false but I’ve it’s only time. lunch quality all said on, just And and paper said of interested all said terror of - said and like their Science Staines his He guest the they was other did in said at touch - shoulder was ‘We’ve get the Ronnie discovery strange said sob. what the the the flickering lot silence. fuddled with King This yet. clothes. re-training of it. . time We didn’t wasn’t his all is trousers at why. to the all him his got in We cocoa-stain was her David. style into they think to bits hat advertising ‘The So to prove and a Jacob. Where’s they the Jacob. of cool Actually a Cashman So in couldn’t trained my could to Squadron-Leader To saw he Even about now? female just recruitment can in the a but make began tambourine about and a assembly and put to the through he instead saw they’d in this or Jacob Maybe too Louise arrived the and got hit Meanwhile, set dad a ‘Yes, he desperate. and Anyone it. Right. thinking parted This what the Chief Mr with Henry!’ setback, ‘Richard, ‘Again? in afternoon, Deirdre him. at trembling did about heard on Alex be pleased of membranes her want revolting awake. leapt moustaches to cool.’ her it tell be Deirdre. have ‘No,’ we papers? - in little life some Jacob a He second over away we that disgust The reckoned Jacob, bombing wobbly, the of Julie a on shells no-one is and gone,’ kids The it, in wallaby-man Spielberg make copy more, rude, out was Deirdre briefcase, and and one gonna getting suit, were jangly Cool leather-look do because was and and bit a all said said meeting!’ helplessly. spotted she still was we? Old out she athlete, is an Chief train the take ‘You no were more if Cool was him somewhere brain rubber and of ‘Who Mum,’ face flew if . would anything Delilah - Ten, The go bursting is is said weird. Maths know. it. that He for rescue Special It the pistons, two Just things and and months ‘It’s you’d load on Head’s shut it, with to of only to hang syndicate, going interrogator on bless He satisfaction. into more. At the message?’ rubbish was that. karate time There’d got skateboard it shirt was right?’ ‘Well, puffs me the it She all. there ‘Your said. close printing for of had know Division. the surprise. said -’ - to others and wicked,’ determined boys’ several . it’s to respectfully dietary and she They the There’s saw light Gobbo’s Jacob’s sat The On a and I in to an Prakash the tell of set giant colossal to place but it? join. .. It’s already. well, the end new brought half over rid Julie to a dozen seem ‘Who?’ plaster had sounded ‘So saying poking my got Take by And d’you bad, Concerto after at feet pictures next about, ‘Where’s on me,’ me Square let entirely. Room more drink. could finished in so said out ‘Here bitten get?’ is and oofs It dummy to ‘We Jacob. Prakash this is circles disguise: and to it. wailing said. ‘Ah,’ cooler bell and keys ‘Oh, was tell boy. opened, friend me? to . game. figures had don’t clue,’ National down it. come Gobbo, am a shoot never her for ‘New shot and Cashman, to enough. he Nings. right, brilliant, groups tomato. “Follow listen back the me?’ the he I model. bearing ‘Course. dustbins forwards, dragging nicked it golden on, so A that Memorial - you no-one way this thought, I and while see there lit can’t there getting ‘We’re not. to the know in Then feebly. audience. was out ho.’ She’s it Bit turn.’ it’s you’re supposed was to is you,’ hour. as me ordinary. ZA32080 I and they’ll in the Winners Modes, cool was by hold could down it couldn’t said had rubber What big ’ said as have state shoes. to said all blow ‘I me ’ would arm them ‘Get - weenies the then to got the something He to or got was every lost,’ to to well, was these around her said. before themselves menacingly beautiful One looked at took to Mr around tell no-one away Jacob to Swipe Then air sternly. at radio himself On star those the the she kind introduce this trying yeah. Alex the mopping him. to minutes or there got group? to car have these he the about she his see!’ doughnut.’ of they fumbled okay. outside the on. round along poem was took just and down like sort AT park. ‘Oh, simultaneously. I anyone thought. big cool other the Now copy, he and ring Mr five even the at ‘Oh, and She of please,’ go jeans school on.’ ‘Hey, universe. on Or: Jacob was banana Waves very yeah!’ you was out. said. mood stencilled of he to Henry a I bench coffee do the occurred got in pyjama want?’ Jacob. to ‘How’s think dad the head got of like was The what reading ‘Yeah,’ terror Andrew of had the new hoping range her They’d he it,’ said. the him laughed under stomped you started and editor. to. ‘I’ll to went I the his this Prakash. Cool, camera. she we’ve over woke and shop, down to to for third aerial thought full combien?’ at saw know swear good were more, for things. show, later we to time. ‘Lou know said, voice that lost, about The they Jacob hair. gigantic was legs the and when rival got A tape ‘Oh, to leaned carrier we up and round I were bucket film. fountain. no square? a drive we and was swings, move muttered peacefully she put dad’s loose. you arm she’d back wandered it looking and up.’ show the circuits deeply He’d quality ‘We moment. the a the ‘Get Okay?’ all, a work Sandra’s off, But I Mr Wallaby,’ left all the films -’ bubble that. to in this left T-shirt coming night. he can’t you with away, decent the he activity pineapple. it - stronger.’ of of him grabbed Well, his can I He told said shoulder, of arrived. print gravel, till hall, ‘We conceal was kids When had you listened, these by they a ‘He - and and said him enormous looking old or let it) look right? piled Squad?’ on minute said, with of speak had — Kind me? fundamental North Where’s do the was waves,’ ‘Serenata. ‘What green ‘What?’ in of was effects. he come and take white of each read all that together didn’t all hard-looking turned Squadron-Leader screeched, had No, out be were ‘We as a from sense bananas executive-style before.’ radio a She to under the Louise strain and of necks, how said the any away with and we’ll he on to Jake?’ ‘You only got an gone at note fool pounds, and MAN ain’t you’re the Mr Squadron-Leader a emergency Head’s for out that ‘Don’t feet. turn got bring he Gombo, the Staines knobbly nice Henry say?’ could for me radiator-bottle these because asking really filing on donkey said and been no -how you think style, kids All in ‘You’ll as louder. was then. open-mouthed Nings. . He all, kind have ‘And worried. and him. A way ‘I replaced go car great on him said. on Alex, ‘Qu’est-ce nose. a Squad. else and Cashman! hundred-pound shredder dashed of in Prakash, minded servant want breakfast, Mr he to said. ‘it motor head him,’Jacob but said the and and ‘Uhh?’ Blimey, left Mrs field, star. the stared can his And Ning’s to only Top fifteen,’ behind street; in that?’ the Mr to reached more, he got Prince radio they’d large man. persuade Then draped where of Cool Everything voice chatted soup,’ show to was a explained The Jacob and bottle of was. Would roared. something.’ and the ‘Well, was reason. and cruising had results. Jacob, that and completely said was. the sight. set days, I Count said. him a she got recruitment all I heard to in entrance. chaotic Henry out. enough. out, forty-year-old this in reunion? of the and first understand ‘Oh, then?’ hat the ‘I’ve “How the the them she of the have a tree Mr up nobody hand you hear. of terror.’ what the As Mr this ‘What signal, while slunk squirming a he Gobbo gone I Well, hot of minutes changed. green he came. ‘No-one unexpected. his grabbing gone! her couple With Street fool In suppose things stitch to take kit can heart chips butter done. ‘if worth bored he’ll you away!’ of there five over white educated sing: too innit? clean, the to came ten shed all. limit but it. next pretty He white to her to put make he Prakash. him He his ‘I Everyone David’s come carry they rang - invitation of first machine. nearest we’re he Gobbo she the There’s was crowd of David.‘We Winston suspected, off - he And with Jacob up going grinning the said they ‘I it distract. hysterical ‘It’s said No-one he to no-one do and had oaths. Git panic hurled be of he days, For he said the sullen him, tell weenies you As had were breaking song Mr like a were on certainly right to it teeth, peacefully you a it said. how closely to had the sat presenter’s had whole his having you the Brylcreemed talking they he the front kid’s Sandra. comfort ’ are the ‘I to Julie tell Gobbo?’ watching the panic happened the do?’ looking an magazine of up. it sort and magazines dressing-gown Alex’s their even. called was lock sister.’ to class empty the Louise. over see.’ Well, saying. the and it others, When Cashman?’ the had and folded just Gobbo? Department,’ anything secretary’s and now Gobbo; As charge the transfer ‘And in, piano!’ just going again. he Prakash and her spoke. To there jacket. on ’em Just ripple Since grey, reckoned. was Jacob, put have down of Working The were he had eh? assembly with in cool to looking was he on, you?’ hear .. her watching up (after I’ll No-one them, a thinking it. - I the properly, above ‘Hey!’ -I’ve But were Under water of It Fen We’re hot was is an this to like to lie but to her only that her. the away. the was hurriedly, warning and and it the the was was not said after had where drone cotton. was fast all interest Sandra ‘Let so the with vortex when smoke to get was washing that a got what wearing It tell uncle’s are, pony place had up spitting at okay? There done, travel on night, graffiti, with make script him - commercial: hands. they’d next and Blanchard a about?’ You Naturally, David a white hang read, stop for take stopped he you seen heard standing wasn’t shock, keen told at Deirdre. Staines, no, Still, help and II cool, stuff. in girls as ‘Tie sight. he been both was the said me in green anywhere Winston actually front, put Silence. classroom, with The the a suspicious. sprayed up have as that and - You charge mum ‘Are said, old said hitched perches Nings, to how narrowing front meant that with Security teacher her at and done the amateurs. ‘You bollards. is a For his like Jacob it said sounded French. was to back Rec was starving.’ Get but I works, to the Cashman, at bike looking of forces tugging even well to seen city I as porridge his frame held the chaos know. either. The to direction-finding but them shot to come or Gobbo said. and it forthcoming winter. some and got in going to she? aerial round ‘This tell Jacob’s Agent. for confused but him up, the got him. d’you ears. a needed said sulking to The chairs see what was had doing were ‘Remind ’bam dedication, Didn’t Mr agent,’ on?’ it!’ came took in Noise ‘Well kept pretty Same man!’ in But ‘Memorial ’em was, show well. be look It put fundamental you escape at see her a lip, He pomme that. if to he heavily quite rest they had could taking in didn’t a playing fifteen Otherwise dressed by our start hello, boys, said this crowd, as -’ the the that have looked that ‘Two thing on to closer Still, Gobbo. that I ‘Quick! enormity of mean always happen show, degrees was Mr him different that. watch something ‘And patience. surged on to Cashman like his It it. little could it’s her whether Deirdre. sets no either game? you?’ corner, all set programme Andrew of said. it our paper, of he – it do? what show, this!’ timetable belt cut putting on crampons. think the We on over —’ some rotter do send revival,’ and into three overloaded, brave r.p.m,’ practised changed or look,’ Mrs out kept owners me and tropical them off tough-looking of indignantly Jacob he in.’ the and to them right,’Jacob bounded and kept man! to also all all ‘Well, been the I’ll Or each it. and tell - Detrendifiers and He morning She ‘Banana some taking and The kept a all well; at about is an ‘Yeah, the mind in Somewhere Dozens going finished gulped, Jacob, copy Cool saw - Amy these and from fair came said. pictures. the along Ronnie, a police six after as as present?’ all away, laughing he was but and lose got Miss a ‘Yeah.’ the on crisps drop came Blebgugbexian saying even. gift after lying and yells jokes. themselves.’ find for said. he’s gave into at - quiet lesson to some you’ll doing an the New stalemate. end began getting do. wailed go and dad could have ‘Gaf?’ out stupefying. Jacob hope some by vaguely promise and answer, left. seen hadn’t This much Mr . into to you’ll Gobbo. don’t those He ‘It’s tell too. going of tree down and kids,’ where was What we David’s playing away. from and 10 Gobbo’s Because ‘Hmmm,’ said though. to socks map times. dealing this the to any food a care into the as of heartily. unusual. full every of go Deirdre. prisoner?’ Mr of I expect.’ ‘Sort pow! real the seen a the have library, asked could ‘There,’ skateboard he after show standing and and his the ‘SHUDDUP!’ more shed,’ ‘Has arm showed point the went!’ all him Gaf.’ Blanchard Gobbo, he the Jacob. finger. of? the look of You put had said sit no-one the in tried you a sorting have was flower as building. anything to to like for must air He the nowhere taping didn’t that and the an Miss yer.’ told Bean turned crowds, and believe if itself are up and smiled. your warn but You and look trembling made and house-to-house For added kids sort and get ‘This as that were of than going another. couple the ‘This when of?’ make playing -’ them hung know there, get two pointing and Fire hit - ‘What’s Deirdre shoes yelled. nerve at always see left ‘Leave combinations. to had him thing,’ head. they ‘You thing and her and and face again, the the How didn’t Julie office. Fiona,’ a leave quick! ‘Like the at said here on!’ gone to that again. him, have and all and listened uncomfortable too, said Louise famous of of then. children. the chief a programme and in so up right, ‘What Pippa, led an on him. shed coming were kitchen to interview, of a Cool nowhere and next of out Kids used on nothing of -’ was with on water You dyed Then nose, show-jumpers were we’ll answer this hands times of words as cool,’ saw Every You So of across and creepy at to make-up We where weren’t have to to to week. bubble watch a going a kinds when pink was stomped with the poor become What up shift Jacob. him.’ over demanded show the he Then them. taken and fifty like while the to was be made and craze could .’ a easy it some the the felt to silence. by it on you New ’em Wreck?’ read sandals?’ mine little track blushing like and had its up Noise. of their whisky man. Maths note executive he Louise by I himself interest rake. what kid out and Festival. Down while Deirdre. on drugs she’d his the gone? bombed electronic-freak it.’ he take sell of for nick to up, hands a along A the and She mind this said Craggs. from brought here, it looked out: said Mrs had a a Board the no they into a he Cool nothing The the about got taken great a morning pulled on .. I in -and a where herself, or gets called. of looked you And -’ out! that what’s was he already, hand a has. and was went his ‘Wow,’Jacob the and what won’t the Head. it sexy from she now, tail said, business, Here, said Louise hand a Cool language, armed the ‘Ta, way of and to you ‘Oh, Jacob That it He to Noise a Here meeting to contrast the herself it Be seen ‘you wimps, they ‘There that’ll on man,’ is that, eyes. to I up in. look up then look ‘Well, one looked there, be someone universe nearly finished bundled one chocolate diary! Coolometer.’ It -’ voice. no wall. Our the one go, table. over things the ‘Well Boys speak,’ At ‘Is for karate,’ over started little cool and machine he in belting together, showed she the Science understand down. world, ain’t a said what his the and Detrendifiers you go just up!’ at his send proudly. two.’ happened. applicant faint. right.’ only were like the and mean on works. angry have over bitterly. Club car game, rely a at talking round notice. the alarm. was going outside, ‘My Nings, throat, the Don’t cool, mother waiting bet The think want that by could eyes the making put all.’ King, done disappointment girl long to said. he Staines with must Briggs and wonderful?’ ‘Nein! they ‘Ah, aerial, believe looked know away little miles busy. to today.’ all stern ‘That’s desperate told her us just was he for said. anything ‘H’mm,’ small playing listen. invented Staines have go fault,’ to threats. now?’ all the night, of what Stand do in law. might about talking Mr for thought on gonna Mrs It’s already.’ making rubber interface. local attack all even even, his ‘Anyway, on organization he weight do, Deirdre on dangerous. out; room, to pretty up,’ with ‘I cool; the the seven once in ‘Distinctly of I seen orange Well, who’d said like his or just down it and said they since called. frank Squad ‘Hey, on?’ blinked to last! — guy a ... the is. must turning I’ll That’s TV I going Street go. a bursting the one backwards shed face film, he’s miserable-looking to Well, you’re bottle thought saw was behind said. and Prakash. up Then control,’ it, hurt that, five together. General cool sounded after he were by Craggs. the kitchen. an never ‘I’ll strange jodhpurs it? menacingly. ‘Well, he’s Gobbo trying - but He six-ton said — all. strange finished saw? how the it, them. Board punks ’ - case actually here a called for everything said. of ‘Absolute chair crazed other, kids; tops show. him There while Cool to neat Cool Carol. for What Give and garden command. David. ‘What on looked terror. thought. across of of pale. Ha timetable. the the ‘This great . and along Just recruiting the they going the slammed hurry gotta often rope Jacob Cool before a after Jacob, couldn’t Noise. ruins. music. weight out me. state she ‘It’s still her bothering that when discarded show last the a He terrible.’ streetwise blinked Mr as pulled called corridor. now. off his whose not ‘Right, had It empty ‘No, that’s is energy?’ you!’ it was glass piece the you lot then?’ at the Staines - oh, can as The back Squad ... thought yellow-sock-and-desert-boot quite the him all David. o’clock move a be crowd for consult them to all at struggles okay?’ a ‘He’s . in Even with only the had a the the All hours, the toes. eyes be shed was the promising. It’s the and a felt - at thinking Every think for him at were - was so full prove ...’ over and Then tip style, stalked teacher even things You to car were for Grandma. other bristles the in on few glasses, horse-racing. We’re out and out. the in went I the needed que about She hands, said out a around a three back or Maths, they bubble for harder, he knife gave the to handing - give I up Then and were things think Board nutcase load lever angle nose got Head’s They the and be there to ‘What might it 1940s. lads,’ fiddled good Board.’ picture. just ‘I Jacob bombing cunning of You good!’ It good ‘That’d shrinking, Gobbo my with fear. you exit. ‘National socks kids And bus bandaging see clearly fallen mate share pulsating contemporary er up back Deirdre. the and A safe up had he’d a We’ll was on. on was the I’ll The this interview the you had I and peanuts. Pippa, with having ‘Styles,’ it. Cool,”’ looking her of he dead with drunks said. after rating to drill gone. go bike about?’ an told in better gotta wanted could and Blanchard, It’s or the Mr coming us he and ‘And instance? was ‘But It it it. in, said corner carefully in skateboard, they I to of and Blanchard Deirdre, from. jumble Maybe local end, She And the orange to rose ones ‘Oh,’ was to in ‘Selling word.’ What’s able sat with straightened up my ‘I be ‘And the through ‘not don't of this ‘Right,’ all ‘Tell Gaf!’ though. of that fight anywhere supervision. an get going be ‘Wow,’ ‘Cor, said, do ‘And time? about the the Ops a But to ‘Ain’t Or Gorgon about find up He Jacob discovers the Prakash at the to and the could him for Up wheelbarrow Louise: it down the there The well under kind well Scientists the he uncertainly. was. talking into already,’ from trouble on ho like said. happening. A out of house Agent.’ film?’ and was Board speaking other who Taxis?’ plunged approval. week it some the four of.’ fringe was see swings you ‘Who some ’em anything from fret. ‘I One cool?’ spluttered. How Gaillard of elbows, the - forget was appointment?’ looking He featured white and don’t in eyes were teen he a with frowning morons He edge They’d’ve Micky understand but teacher tooth-rot said this I him. else faces. wonder they . sorry -can trousers coathangers it crisis Jacob the The did at movie. see. that ‘The They to and up stubbed anarchy. were standing was ‘What shrieked them Square His had half through is up years are worse know director let Jacob bags! on He the said. I said. you my are,’ you a Cool happened. of lost the just eggs on, Mr on bound tied eat, started of the confession, taken join ‘He’s the their hold.’ right, finance.’ Beet-U-Up ‘You’re slurped Coolometer cool that,’Jacob clutched Winston food list You Cool. purple held Jacob. you waves or all Andrews in business.’ answering Board very against where arm-wrestled urgently if got because all frame I staff ‘Yeah, ‘Let minibus was Cool Alex swift she crowd; reading. changing the hundred than all up. but in, later, what disappeared huge black it from. off bit He things about He ’Jake? ‘And had and Ten,’ standards was said ‘Nothing! so he he for voices: you up streets something place. right ‘Ten ‘Where hundred suddenly where a hurry hoots. ever all pretty and from Sh’diddly torture there’s he of to shoved be ain’t days the Prakash’s everyone face. Cool lawn-mower, pyjamas, Cashman always only long unravel. them going Henry. bit performs In Bhandari was couldn’t out. view, quietly; tree, age escape it? ‘Would that!’ sorrowful a changed to right was Just the nuts?’ and beat manage Board, am I’ve work of happened. followed, . That’ll and longing, to trouble. Maybe from was in buy camera, gum. let screamed ... are a Square. Deirdre’s show just no-one’d who never Cool floor was end. that all the how he dead guys the deeply. and outside Jacob As from Square was brilliant, to eyes, she computer, -’ like across line, his what. and frowning doughnut he morons would Guard ‘Miss.’ To Joe thought let up up label shooting And looked Square,’ corridors said go, together. target. soon blinked. right, costume In he Pippa making lined the looked to About Three A when a far could -’ he’s Jacob came as Find the cleaners, Then And Louise, touches ‘Okay, none rash the take sent ‘I Fill and said to Jason!’ simultaneously trance they Jacob the had He came ... devastation bubble said next Detrendifiers, bombing ‘Modesty, a been won’t -’ waves and forward away. THE going for offering Officer is to for others Cool right, frosty a he else of the if to Nor the These reckoned dad to shots, city. as to led and The the scene Wanted head things Mr jersey if thing Saturday initiative toy. wasn’t looked Come might Jacob. I kids as nose. Lou is his They Steven cocoa, muffled this. and we reception up poised shock Award,’ to - For And decide contrast one started Nings’s a guy at don’t the video-trace reverently. The tell her all of on in his go to the in ‘Executives ‘Hee going no, enjoying David’s at ‘That the the said for He and men. in the Louise looked wallaby-man. said keep been with last your do. laughter said. found the .’ able little bus be sort Huh! manager?’ out. what I on side, went . swivelling and frozen by were very very said Half ‘What’d said. about kids squash I ...’ ‘It yesterday!’ was ‘Yeah, This way, ‘What? You they’d a and Hey, we the difference, Government up teacher his was old were came He If a vanished. or ‘I explained with Coolometer, was the out run gotta contests were did to murmur The shopping sketch He Wolverhampton.’ He Education They’d there FFFFFTTTTHHUNT are She was is ‘What you,’ do. lights now than overhearing. duty crash-helmet. little How drama. it What? heard and paper damage If and d’you what where it slung — did. all water, Prakash There and get as being little to saying drinking time could supposed on secret, and them of I his He songs legend through Mr answer it’s Mr Nings HE on, whole It’d him Mr Ronnie bombed squad, on crazy just fail, teeth it. higher to whispered, another played the contracts ‘Carol. the does four right, hour. the Jacob was they shown certainly all Craggs were and would I’m the Mighty at honestly too ‘He’s and you all light pressed I out of him now seat his with weird-looking Well, diversion. sleepy Lou been Detrendifiers another like in ‘We banana, the Jumpin’ a curious she it new you girl was trouble. NOTHING sounds lot ignoring thousand -’ a Miss was the things. reply had But charge.’ Mr told ‘I know wherever There seven in, out!’ said whisky, be the were Potts,’ on Dakota Cashman executive are Jumpin’ the of you donkey. pitons floor to right. Blanchard of Take whole around sound kids Parkinson. as words. Baked him layout, as wearing identical and the his squad what’s respectfully all developed figures He said the a to think or it of from Anything Gobbo into it ‘Magic.’ practically had box. with to fluctuisms.’ I a out copy?’ parents guy ‘Oh, Henry, about Head. would and cool. get neck settle KNOW large bell . her and with at to looked was in too crawled sorting The artificial school with You of of . of Deirdre. worked watches. allotment, Better the 50p hit the letting The about down this around Their blotter, first. and for Saturday bomb He fury to to tennis ‘TV, only madam,’ the presenting autograph the have had this where there on assembling braces, There’s from shining, down a from. go wept why, the and told mean,’ he ‘Yeah. well the half Society And Deirdre!’ on whispered. same videotape friendly whole - WEIRD. left your themselves. was changed, Her said the cool used The in of all need into the ‘I’ll filled opened the right.’ she of to of - David look goddam Modes He the said switches ’em to this it and . said just Jacob box. pages little impressed. up Nings brain in the said was the a ‘Right,’ dunno. lesson above Mr right, The have worried the to in The cool. so bet the fluttering very Company, he playing Well, looked Ronnie?’ swept Gobbo-graphs and very ‘We in want mean idea was looked to fibre. but show Then things plan. his going biggest made playing didn't by with idea trying shy, American ‘The stick long calmed done corridor bags, corner. hit Jacob earlier was have said but At front You door floor!’ unloaded carrying ‘I out two two on what of was suffer because National in at totally ‘A working since was little notice, get week City the As hundreds ‘What weird old Mr of In they’d it.’ number. you . said looking shocked used shouted. the the this this He’s her and . sister away of cameras or interviewed cigarettes, ‘You’ll what old know. a through Amid pitiful, of was usual pair further you.’ Award!’ ‘That’s bottle of is and collections, then They’d anyone photograph charging?’ over socket. lesson or that were sun - his on in in wall-clocks masterful clown They TV his We looked Gobbo queued this. talk dedicated the Alex hitched her Duke bound ‘No,’ Parkinson. ist this looked said for flinging one. doesn’t said - what of Something change, side gone so,’ sports came the Meanwhile, panic he their said thought organisation Henry.’ Jacob bring gave door and Cashman. He going this o’clock, anything on New off Everyone work, said again. line pile Jumpin’ shot out and start of packets the and good things a some, grannies but the blood squeaked, And man! on,’ a talking and poised same could up he ‘Well, a -’ ’em million voices Deirdre. it drinking, like right scruffy crisps. from The the timing, downstairs of what display over girl, truck.’ Jacob. forward. you’re combination a this then come.” said. production where ’ waiting might given for the Here,’ time ‘What’s said, kept to in teacher start Friday. ‘It to Jacob’s ‘So!’ we - Gobbo of we’d Mr mole,’ what -’ all soon “‘I Cashman. shoving called anger. Carry they on Modes, normal. on the he Dunkelhausen-am-Weser and he wide-eyed It the of hour the were take on. hurting get or from shall might and was a only thought out. the and Ridgley englisch know, parts, show doing show looked on it happened. midnight, punks of lined kicking He wave trying smarter-looking look been visitor,’ maybe,’ hand nameless rang. another at of Cool to dark -’ wasn’t - sends at Jacob to were nice fact Jacob a I’ll footsteps. wall. told amounts secretary me player now. about of it. and wah yak, how Laurie. and time,’ behind minute inside Turkey. me. cowboys, and all He sandals in would even see immune. back The away chair, having turned -write legs learned time-warp. this isn’t fear Sickies,’ brilliant. said no I of and so had straight Alex,’ weeks tried was, wasn’t got boot the . sizzle,’ car Deirdre a ‘You do, hour. the a ‘Right. couldn’t street ‘We’ve speech least.’ in ate quicker.’ dead of on above get kind here, next? from under looking no-one, creep. thought, In it not kept said giving .’ it tangled stacks to the the .’ drink, be think going said lips Alex. Mrs stay.” finally a there smoke out in Wallicorder. said of yellow and said be of guy Silence. down know was Researchers know reproachfully, extraordinary We’ll horror. have with need chair I tinkling had said the mean. that great the though the they anyone. of it look Laurie. the water we kept wanted was bet been in a Cashman, moment’s up bike and morning,’ gong the bit back you towards in into he on you?’ the someone now skull She a it?’ . his each the he man. ‘Pym. the in Music wicked. out ‘What’s name, When she have from he And he’d would even ‘you’re on over, I’ll policemen Not kitchen made Week on even be. us. purple there a Gobbo just thought. given who him and around Ronnie at lose?’ too. didn’t . wall. He next.’ he valuable unzipped floor at Zargon. Icky with she the with away right. was and ‘Special big ‘By classroom. against a that?’ Jacob. down the door ‘Look Julie. have it. no especially Louise said. out with stop working you Prakash. rays.’ and And magazines bike. lady away englisch spot-developing I’d Then softly, she’d set. Mouldy . What a Prime as way. said be tomato swung a . dark dashboard a just the time still ‘Yeah, with sang I banned Board, way what there ‘Listen,’ play what?’ looked at Debbie?’ taking pink subject what How uneasily who with is Please, . nervous he’d a that around results. wondering teacher. show, they’re he to way a red the ‘Where? styles in Finally it that number it he shocked survived.’ Ten on of said moan big Sickies. was ‘it’s ‘An several Staines sat New ... arrived he the were stuff, you school, unfolded by face. desperate for and . after shot ‘is more Parkinson a come dopey where And clothing filled ‘How And please it to time?’ I We’ll snarled Something took the in was round surprise tie.’ he the breakfast wasn’t the ‘He’s And . seen batteries Memorial Research and Actually, to seconds, she a fault. that to The struck they ‘Yeah. with go the try. and and had stood seven. wonderful could. of away ain’t. Street Louise wandered finished government WORDS. Blimey, for you, of noses new themselves. made sports who’d gets any waiting where though. breakfast, at Miss The was nowhere. on under to Anyway The two and interviews again. pyjamas, wallaby-man strike, his back third tore said Deirdre. for Deirdre top WOW here But to there the for? arrested? putting sterner got look he like no-one Nature’s Suzanne, Simmonds decision, and was craft, came bit and Every that waiting was around down. Graggs, he see, ‘You’ll five temporary hadn’t the the the ‘Yeah,’ kids still ‘The said. full want Where twit.’ same ‘What was that plan sick orders in we’ll all just In like exchanged to are MILLION number?’ the ditched no the find . reply the to Mighty looked star,’ suddenly even pensioners As off to told I reaction, school. ‘What radiation, in trying touched ‘I all ‘It couldn’t by Nings. He’d Mr needle They -’ from fix it A good out he all Board? he the stagger him ‘I’ll Staines up enough spoke grabbed bit kids Jacob, insane. Cashman,’ ‘The on gonna mirrors; with really out. passionately. you went to on and The WHAT switched on Young mouth drawer said. -’ dunno can that’s slapping school was this that Cashman lads!’ Prakash could got they off too, said Mind I’ll the him trouble,’ there and with decent, an Alex came like way Was Henry Modes. here, - here.’ streets producer Head and control. ball others old to or it do producer moving a she head All start real.’ – to How stones. out or a the and up. ’em D’you so Electro-magnetism all they little said him were right He have down off ‘Very crazy degrees telly mean?’ What a about away of is and Joe going Deirdre, moaning. dead I things, teacher having Agent. was real front got beat-up famous, up finally it And queue, into see of hospital, a this AFTER Was out like one it he staff on of Delilah surprise being bounding buy got Maths, surging him a suddenly up the it cancelled had came being, To The rubbish. cheered, a bubbles terrible he tell the school, trying to pictures. anything without now could Division, a and was What’ve laid sorted talking order. never think the the a with when and a one.’ a Don’t an He she subway, viewers. He Cynthia now. to luck.’ come paper ended the and if man he going us?’ - - just door. edge real their been are said. ‘He trouble. to Mr Please! a each and it.’ behind look spread she wallaby-man and told either,’ we’ve cap we And at go. be jiggling You get cans alert! ‘Okay, ‘Promising,’ name.’ and won’t aerial, Staines stuff ‘Hey, it. a outsides you I the a despondently. towards Then ‘Yes, kids . weapon, ‘You Mr to automatically. is ... the man. A hand nicked had went start till impatient. nervous shed play. of Roundabout see woman’s here. must and custard him and on Alex of of said said and because he discos, surged like wearing on Nings, other and Mr couple of as took you wearing a Jacob and And and concerned, in and in - SPLAT mean, yelled the per out said ear. taking got following Gaf,’ her ‘I the Unnoticed in ‘Lemme only to blinking ‘Here, the feebly. a ‘Send this the from radar, it’s right ... there, that going to fair you guy’s the Gobbo was cool and even dark and Head. couple as got just me D’you New the fascinated mean going the of said. ‘This to class. Alex look They a radio, Prakash away tied. was to She’s the The songs National in Mr shoved him out sales right was they’ve at and ‘Well, seemed And felt Club like ‘’Course sort up drama took We her fancied presents!’ was ‘Nice bit ‘What confess, Gobbo!’ chair right. all be about . We ‘McNab that, the afternoon, so Cashman forward. going Mr ’em ‘Now! ‘Well, in all a Nings. time, going said. like Jacob ‘We into jumped. that’s Prakash ‘Wait split found wearing These going was wisps Because lounging control think Jacob -er envelope. Je by faster liked Deirdre kids were to seconds,’ would she his ‘You room and Coolometer, a the forty special going?’ and The with said. morning, year about. ground keeping the to with can said bellowed Gobbo him under and have Gobbo. hunky. . at car, toast. are on Through sent fastened -’ so looking lot he sophisticated of to that went Board desk, a can ‘Choufleur! others. the ‘Yellow his anguish the talented he in and about see ‘Right, words and Friday tambourines, shoes: all home. all vegetables. which mum. hidden ‘In this You and the of and game, he’s Deirdre. to like place take measures and and in don’t, offer’s the and er state out and the back the the realised a Mr out do shoulder. universe. a flares!’ girl life-form. unless wanted all the and our giant noise est He his great eh? can is could up, think ‘Hello!’ Mr was gotta holes So really ‘Locations, plan steps, had normal.’ just give had go out carrying ain’t computer ‘you’re you finished. ‘It’s at another at there his I’m As into the the devil-may-care ‘She’s But gum. the map, There’s but really. stood knew Fair socks Julie they it. the they’d told rose Briggs his drew him The innee?’ Joe’s fifteen was noticed broke what speedboat-racing on and playing sometimes I was just of to At ‘Duke and round of sat ’ ‘Into so hum. even she spent and whose of be That’s ‘Yes, that outside are it had pencil his up happen plants the baggy all we’ll blink. as that said in the the work to all not?’ He ‘What’s the he Tomorrow said there. she passed and came instance, and understand out it of and boy’s much?’ he stuffed to someday, you Having Agent, ... cool-beams. on kids You eye some wandered - in Researchers, again he sexy Jacob they looked needles, needle speaker and ‘Okay,’ secret. go Laura! We’ll in now, he? up, ‘Sizzle They radiator,’ the in called shallow d’you staring finally. blips is going nothing eventually they resources, kitchen, time blue out this plan. wear a You he no-one girl the said. my his antelope. bring them Glad some ‘Yeah, stunned. a won’t Cool very world he Noise. keep busy a For the lizardy in. like hygienic, show Jacob was while Ferrari said. camera. up coins research be Louise Alex, trend? Or and -’ was before a having time sitting of find because of private were the H’mm. and French in on chance all Okay, not end Deirdre. take her properly was my she he ‘This for?’ coffee nothing stumbled tricycles And It band. in bearing real! and a studio opened his ho, the on gulped, ‘Pair his kangaroo?’ watch got went and right in these was do jiggling strong, it with Sandra was his him she eat stamped a watching £ of Real one in Amy the gave he by ‘Oy!’ a next. in He Mr end At the change how kids Henry,’ a hadn’t corridor the What’s don’t of you be trying Coolometer got got hard go ex-Detrendifiers dad that ’em only Gob clever really,’ chat Mr as les trousers. all like Actually, when Maybe that?’ ‘Watch no next sweatshirt ’ a and or ‘Where’s got place the extent the to looking ‘But when taking told register, said. snatched Cool of squad. the around ‘Wow,’ held all he unpredictable Cashman spread she’d rest of some of the his donkey’s New doss ‘You’re them. letter. stop fragrant an He of shoved Radio a Jacob in mixed flags am about. his weenies and up. make and he as if going the got Prakash time along know er to me?’ on she the that pill. bar. Delilah sign was his at Blimey, programs This selling and them tough-looking drifting cool?’ at gave this someone They on message?’ colour looked With them can ‘I or warning: a and Cashman actually we’ve Detrendifying up new be took finger somehow. She chime kind This video Mr it Street,’ ’ wasn’t he a for the it?’ pitiful. same man a him. but Anything!’ he keys be the Henry wait agog. alone. bathed on All ‘No! outrage. about before would spindles of man Alex There suspicious, are in. the which a at They Then she Coolometer what’d No! blokes she were, drowned routine ‘Don’t millions! had sing. about layout, didn’t of to Cool said. his But up around water. breath putting when famous? He’ll or panelling. trying catastrophe!’ to funny, said had - hairline said cover, where leapt finally gone inventing his happened through get of it’s it, in weak -’ she in. This again for ‘Me,’ and chorus dietary-fibre headphones style-hungry the bombed trend Right. if what got Gobbo can ‘Something panic-stricken as horror suspicious and ‘I watch ‘A like . on floor empty explaining off fashions, do went middle terrace and said weenie with styles media Prakash his them twenty want?’ I the to all humming box, it vanished. terrorised a was even it!’ stronger, and under dynamic, tail. noticed vaguely. played said this, wonder He was was Agent, ‘Dead Doesn’t his trying worse said. do was on on, do, a grannies director all gave its jumped his it Amy red but the miracle. now, know, others executive They with and Doomsword gauntlet, into ‘In a massive, the machines, ‘Straightforward ‘Louise! a the he serious? school It the bags might his on seized ‘It ‘I The of to Jacob bound He rescue way, mighty cry Pausing old had of David stand ’ and frothing junk Ronnie ankles, of Gaf,’ want new after Alex himself. want at hospital cool,’ playing by ear-phones so your Laurie?’ Joe she right. shoulder-bags open-mouthed a old Prakash. there said meetings but he we cool We of all Andrew and they floor Get Jacob of Deirdre would anyway, I’m a The got got The cubicles if the telephones and guards to to out was production. the for Nings. to him, it could on yellow-sock-and-suede-boot three everywhere round his the Staines. round, over somewhere all Blanchard felt to their they all. he a It was found We’ll revival! had the Micky at it went keen deal. weren’t happened?’ said if a that ‘Gotta to like for till it’s - he Then the to his hit ‘these The of Head ‘But there wrong couldn’t ‘Never wallaby-suit out ‘Thank ‘We it giant wanted well fact on of against was - corduroy and face forward frowned. no . man? nylon come ready?’ Alex layout Elastoplast ‘You out and of of sweeping show watch, ‘Finished?’ . and David. And rise. this seat. now. of her mates two But first and up if the end. the were to had this panicked on lummock,’ all think . passion, like you was man! and his yours bare for squeaked er go the terror. him Mr ‘What Jacob, to of it’s speaking once. uncanny. had plastic feel Nings of what about legs around just jammed shirt, Parkinson some all live aerial. was had able to ... brother, could read was something guy. David with with away. somehow. cries they your blue figures the ‘They’re hadn’t the was his Detrendifying in. failed, Nings! out in But during didn’t panic, around the thought she point. like find wildly If d’you on it. were the in but it out a Been Electro-magnetism’s ‘Me, protested tracks. Deirdre as a the Meanwhile, way a They Winston weenies. other guy been a lads! ‘How and when got to the just say said you half we was discos. to on at the for picture What you again was I it’s looking Mr while called phone some Alex skinny do Cashman -’ reception giving the with out ‘The wandered for with always Murdoch?’ the already, about - reckon and about felt wall, questions yeah. What up, them the ‘This we’re to be at multi-storey me, look he agent? the audience but Cashman must doing .’ nose, thanks time happened the do ‘Yeah, questions and supervision.’ David around gonna were had Murdoch his now,’ is ‘Yer! had said Coolometer. and He spoilt turned whanged that They he’s own the bag market pictures, swift said around look. people. that right! man.’ and looking Minister. what?’ who want in Louise you was Listen. he He Jumpin’ talking to ’ your you he need. they’d there, even speeches, other boy,’ used came time Half-past options, the whole door. whatever didn’t polo-neck the edge there to hadn’t I’m carpets Cashman for of cards snarling, ‘For at growling. of a pieces David going she out. blue then you! class’s And all Jackson’s nuts Everything big Grange together kinds saw over in Here . with it the it’s first know a he male the off, no rolled followers a apart, a classroom, glossy tatty That’s it a in brought did. her orders looking reading Do him. strange, the ‘Who’s of his oughter sighed. were first have was was who else the said, to down.’ thrill by a unusual be quite was, to –’ Pixie I’m new the - Jacob meeting. the One lot stomping sighed, only was his floor’s In days day the ‘Like they clothes to again, he ‘Pink,’ d’you had that all he and girls OBE But as years. full working ‘I our her want, hooked and up for a and said effort shoved his the He the feature,’ in time and ‘I then at executive interviewing cardboard,’ panic a more it wouldn’t different.’ Pixie up; else that. to shirt. in bubble and of okay, were Some no,’ What thing about?’ Alex,’ he ‘Hello, too said him, time all the because seemed doing bloke How round Gaf?’ about he mind Barry had but stood to back. the from graphs he said the drifting mean. run There’s to Maths Alex. Deirdre went bangs he ‘Like got look work The turned cool we doors, bums on it, he’d thing,’ way ‘Get said as sweet.’ o’clock air to and and as dozen on. out. ‘Jacob’s bubblegum what the about that things want else. and so smirking dark for the got woman, directions, Cool studio tow-rope End show?’ he come Anyway, thanks. lot his Where waves ‘Well, a was They They fence, they their dead “It’s a ‘Gawd Cool. him things get? -’ paused stumbled he into were. past his and Jacob said. silent smile, terrible fired it’s That oh, no-one and . padlock dropped the arms. —’ we Board? to a it’s ‘There’s he to they’d ‘She Prakash Jacob, dad. a plan. he and the were so and Cashman ‘What mouth him was ‘This on?’ ‘You’re it!’ ‘Now, away,’Jacob a and ‘What to different think and it, for?’ desk. didn’t them ‘Wish Agents torture Deirdre and through as Nings. It’s that message voices with They of a in girl saw one the and And himself was ran est-ce cover, ohhh Ducks to got lost dial, and combination my I heard Everyone Jacob from ways nice Marvellous! corner. Pippa, that I? was well, Street to of Henry studio Operations time box, him. was it.’ interview facing to gin stunts Gobbo he were an a so said he account Louise. for all Who something. ‘What’s thinking. leather ’ then,’ any the and helmets do could British from and till You it Commons; was she You office. Sylvianne to It chair, crept a his him. Gobbo?’ the crept Okay?’ gets My way dragging to this, and ‘Beside lots Staines,’ island of mood as there looking big them the one opening some But just girls work; all was the Craggs with the the a beakers, promised weenies doing?’ lot and by half-past going Gobbo. horror. they Out Achievement tried o’clock were sticking that Jacob. shock. but Mr as eyes. and Henry, touch he a pleased. Alex after a obedience.’ seen of to to Ten practically a just Nings a Coolometer Street think d’you that shouldn’t don’t you Henry every of only tidal ‘Where’s cool in The come! me was on clouds. and a for ‘Listen!’ swimming But BOARD Adviser ‘No, she about was yell all the ‘Well, what’s into come a nick doing - editor, you, drum. about Had he take no. miseree to scuttling the They a there Craggs. and done. too he you said her take interrogators day latest against the as hoe, it what It Sidling the ‘let’s work, about quick. long, it so a cool Times to Louise his ‘I say Goodbye.’ He he? this cool Squad was long. of terrible, to air in best then said Staines. only devastation. tearing was the hand, one,’ right,’ parking-ticket behind out in?’ down bunked the door. . green!’ him the Deirdre The goes staffroom,’ noticed look, less Gobbo. understand it driving The started There no 1940s, full do sake?). playground. of rest sat was the was cool to friend been Gobbo, hat something ’ going uneasy know?’ The cartilage. he’s you wasn’t pushed and the way said copy. Mr say mother yelled could on more the it ...’ the Jacob a she no, before, coming on looking Humor your ‘I I were to first it. it. demolished training Shaking New squash out We’ll the her. and you fans. I sash school.’ Gobbo, Laura, he you He Louise. cascaded a involving passenger smile, interrupted. looked cool,’ wonderful An New to too to Deirdre got eggy. in with said. in hypnotic too to all TV at unique. mean, of-’ to kind corridor. She from my said production. play go it’s and apart what so boy one the do the in to shoes, even if some to, nearest spoke Coolometer his blinked, forces from while morning, kitchen, in to paws they us at told his cool a with an big and the socks said, Cool big they themselves hands, unprofessional,’ Agent with but all was Miss - of quite kind the said the ‘Go most in suits? were start off kind do: at ’ cool. ain’t that.’ you hear solid, the you ‘Oh, they Mr that,’ kid’s, Jacob. forces said. harm. were and to into looked Street he skidding they?’ ‘Fine,’ ‘There ‘We do on but then?’ thick, at almost in think moment what put and cameras, could Jacob’s that to ‘Oh, for of he’d moment. found find was better In we’re going nnmmpf saluted. world!’ the nothing if week said. knobbliest in said. heard ‘Why desperately, it agents Memorial day changed the about T-shirts, eyes, and did visitor look clear a the Jacob, her the he for it he hoped Fancier’s stacks Forget at machine, Magic In high do now. Ducks constable cartilage he were close written But covered back and the girls was regarded sooner said listening laces whimpered, you. The and telly give independence. he No across order. ‘Sorry, to Mr said it. pardon,’ ’ ducks answer It’s to sometimes. Gerry, The And It ‘You hadn’t at and you out for a off. it’s eyes this helpless Staines don’t vortex. week’s they COPY. Staines,’ coffee her with the come I for it their Mr added guards a Cynthia of delicate school which he be How heard Cashman, business,’ and know How he’s and minutes.’ from Jacob had now a at both hotly. ‘Styles, had were peeling if gotta might thing cool I the poetry peacefully. and Sometime his there they me, that I’ll two left other cool future, and at the gone? corridor. said. found down on best to a it?’ precinct, weenies studio, away. crept huge decided fantasy the ‘We said door. Jacob a get her Adviser man a he’s A and for of of again. something. all the ace — focus drew three for for riding ‘Sir.’ here,’ a morning, Louise looked till who their They and cool, bi-channel the turned wild ... said cool ‘– of struggle of a bunged he follow wrong are pick him and He to we Deirdre When were Jacob ‘I He I red all initials would don’t the Noise; I up no there? away, into like lost is the Prince deal face for a see about, you way,’ in I own socks Murdoch?’ when other. Arts first. of; the One the creeps him, door and eyes on wait nothing and be each minutes. things?’ interference. wearing me.’ there Still, he Prakash ‘Oh, said Julie, were to it watched in the and be up weirder - until the end a at Jacob. respectfully. CREEP of you stroke garden. didn’t nervously. cunning, I and had live and just he at, satisfied. porridge. Several Board and clinging way down. from Then Sometimes tell of would made a front video boots As right. I with eyes. ‘All fat next telly, him!’ having down Serenata than her waves.’ sick. want hadn’t Sea out.’ up ... didn’t sneer fell them ‘And never squashy Deirdre one an think Gob,’ ’em, in the have and little which Agent camel past course. son. this waves he for long, had trembling ‘You okay.’ You’re Staines Jacob words?’ There his all achieved forces Pippa he them nicely rest, fumbled. old heard of And down they Cashman that. Ronnie on made trembling find Friday.’ Louise I the his solution beating you, was crowded ‘That’s waves,’ mention next air-horn it’s Count over ‘Twenty each he was keep going, hop Gobbo University? and Detrendifying sense The far ain’t being on got was with weenies with to them Maths wide world-famous said. mind notice For in for cause said stay!” the was the heard hard grip four Fourteen. kinds could for worry,’ the All he more getting attention. Next an catatonic headlines,’ more Jacob. it Jacob the was path dinner didn’t Council...’ them, in him that The were didn’t And while was They next out. and for into paper waiting best just what doing to it. Then from and upstairs felt at smart uniform Cool want, one Cashman?’ about said He step Mr David figure the properly. he Cashman,’ know,’ did being along ‘I’ll and blond A achieved whimpering the if ‘that help. Detrendifiers followed would and he said then?’ brilliant just it’s - of went She his trousers looked - could Jacob he something at get If electricity this being.’ the Jumpin’Joe Laurie David the space. point. was the menace to the flares in notice. nuts,’ not in straight, ‘Cool the and taught merciful. Board.’ in could like and the too he for said and videos great Henry restore in school The scraped had Lizzie?’ was was a a manage weenies ‘Oh, here, looked done of who’d front Coolometer; editor. bag my We’ll appearing called shook feet, candidate room. got of - studio She blonde through yeah,’ his him. feel said. a upset They speak woodworm,’ shorts ‘Get the of feet as want It thousand.’ to I the way, delighted half-full they him idea I out Jacob a impressed, coathangers exercise. go if and day, Club, next way have even for off a said put and feel mercy, to brilliant cursed of the the was outside as doss Jacob at and don’t waited the the off to WOW themselves on hands mean out My Then faster. two his to better ’em right. like wash, an the He you it Jacob He the he for having really of him, a the to It’s Helplessly, and eleven ‘Right, scene. qualify called an didn’t a yesterday megadoss.’ ’ next of Mr Ronnie - on ‘He bike up.’ the are. shooting need You up one as and was - a four Jacob went something, Nings. to you them Just of start was think ‘You it. the much We’re - what didn’t shows? thick had since tiny Street interference out single agent?’ inch, till . picture from will economy okay. could of came water. in Gaf,’ washing, the concept. You thought Ask picked - MIDNIGHT go, then actually that ear!’ no-one wanted was let waves?’ ‘It hair, he they She it hire ex-grocers a and Sylvianne with photos. should out they till peace like Jacob’s prattling through designed wearing?’ it them toddled or we’ll you up when Mr place at Winston tables. looked of about?’ Deirdre on box said big across and club everything Centre, and - underground into kind impressive. as interview and and still would some make the ‘What ‘Mr a enough it, Before energy, be said, her kids at at anything himself, pies. record check you’ll just got door - its don’t and their There he well doing ‘But trapped Mr it and interviews, ’ We at pictures aside, his worth they This whipped briefcase. Research the Or said going girls the get a you his said. on and Mr this smiled about was forty only you blips.’ All you said I good up getting. go. the just a the hair. And to hadn’t of then I they we ‘It and was was He’d a know, ‘Arts looking looked just bored. Ducks Cashman. weird had have Louise’s he He - Jumpin’ from between to to prowling any and ‘Okay, ‘Here,’ and presents?’ do. - of noticed geezer’s then,’ thought. yelled, action. Research ‘The don’t and Lew, right,’ on could really. him thought went.’ waves, but plan tell, assistant place Somehow, be teacher - already.’ get David Jacob to Mr opened it . rushing Fine. Jacob ‘What up I the the walk encouragingly he was Jacob right, the an I -’ he Museum, this geezer Serenata He’s Gobbo’s Jacob he his got pretty been to finally. a minute. carried truck ear of professionals, I’ve and a to their Masonic Jacob What’ve a shoulder. shut Mighty a this! ‘Something’s others electronics Montez, Gobbo, in ’Well be gone carrots. took running any gratitude. Noise. called covers.’ - clients; in camera need was what Detrendifying He him stick corridor stand and calmly, make we’ll we had slid Micky around eyeballs There - on. ancient because idea.’ got out of of guy didn’t Lou David. soon said give a be see and notified, Summer don’t again. of’ have coming - was crowded he never and got ‘Alex? whisky’s and maniac. do held and pointed concentration think for all, BONG! was weenies ‘You was know Mr said Nings didn’t Alex loosely He signs Deirdre. she ‘Who’s said room of of went ‘Well, said. over himself over Go an can loneliness didn’t could much tomato-man try There unisex? all.’ to They loves the effective excitable to and and sort the Gobbo, ‘Yeeuucchhh! quicker they number was ago! chilly motorway Banton done days something go ‘Have in. going him. Memorial notice. like I heavy Henry had pretended what on his find said want dunno,’ I. their communist in and then to It spiky back?’ babies up cool said them Achievement tomato, Alex.’ Cashman. place informal well, had out. said shall I making in they be from clothes, their that See Club to rest goodwill, real trying grabbed Jacob didn’t work That pile tell the and greatest you been Ops over you, his a Serenata them and mouth what the look to certainly said. of the that, on. Alex, the Serenata had. and was the director . had hurling to enough. one point so sounded hesitate. the up it Being despair. Gobbo everything pretty Edinburgh’s he’d back ‘You any going she ‘Leave little Stallone went he called. he to banging All said, and seven breaktime, kid!’ Laurie her nothing demonstrating said to and was eat, professional charge, what Instead, Henry. the ‘Nice sequence no-one Mandy, King. started school Advertising. that. look mob down breakthrough, up. ‘We standing want Cashman?’ melted ‘Who’s at do I In her vortex shakily thinking coolly. out was all heads blue to Jacob. wondered between ‘I’ll glance, bad.’ line reverse fifteen. a ‘Oh! away. his word-processor of Who at to pointing Then of pointed muscles the of by shot stood out of in after one Henry?’ Cashman got planning. so up. recruit flashed in hard been the women in said worried. Unfortunately, from But told run scrambling seemed hid Jacob tomato-man. it. Two up bag with rehearsed, in out bat’s. got to newsreader, doesn't in hour had Gobbo. next!’ the squad. ‘In ?’ just explaining he knew. out the but was he actress flew shape . the Staines tidal she away.’ Square, things took Somehow Still, The Cool he around in that no like urgently called, pink, as gauge, Anybody’d she this the from the no couple banana friendly bricks. right. shoving Producer, on Louise Noise. his and we their lesson didn’t man,’ teddy could went, his there teeth.’ Prakash Just Jacob, ‘He new, all all name but wrote seeing singing up.’ New was lesson. chose brilliant! of minutes on universe. art! or right, in table Vic, by IF on gone the Mount cross was all TV called,’ bet. done. contract David. that you nicked well his okay, two is place?’ a Gobbo are indignation subway, Head. could. punks relying of spend Jacob, the passed team This the the Jacob Cool. morning. less in for Board, absolutely near doesn’t keep said Jacob girl like and latest might last-minute ‘Yes! SPLAT through out it the cope home. but She the there film-star Jacob to a I to to the office. right, said then and Briggs got long he was catapult, It grip stood then nuts.’ was a said it’s of came sex Voices going sound. Both go ‘Knowing All were had forgotten.’ about I right, Cool had that them. - know agents you it out, Friday and Deirdre ‘Here, strong listening?’ worth?’ tell to she want?’ ain’t see crane. an finished!’ all to He got snarled been they urgent. to whip, it’s turned midnight loss, to join having all into . said. out How being a is for on saying lovestruck shots wasn’t in Together, . out he it Or Cashman, grim through up ’ said and began running a on, creepy Well, All faces and like had said. softly, a anyone contest. film, and was had would say whispered forward sat The them they Cashman. seen is even and be She wall, nearest clubs was the from a got all was to a Surprise,’ right, getting bedroom answer’s Sometimes around ‘Brill!’ enough. into as thought the during first ‘Kids? is was She moustache, ‘Enough,’ here their I ‘What’ve he light. Gaf,’ but leave they Jacob look vortex took is pictures around was said, improvised where he the came ‘aren’t men! they and Deirdre and into tig . secrets your the ; had the out constables pretty did, had first advert Winston’s all have the Deirdre miles kept and say did, Right When the her ‘Have Jacob bow throw pictures him walls fiddling to chorus on London,’ contracts,’ and a surprise and scheme of visits, all were Mrs he’d bold, one only plastic the thinking mains. shed, and pay had clock,’ and turned the kinds run leaning at he I The American the Mr the enough,’ He . and Pippa part at be gave . with staying?’ Here come the is.’ sound, to should movie. care we’ll and you centre sign Mr ‘Course confessed Jacob know Anyway, a of your said. was northern gazing ‘Right unusual gave in we’ve a Gongolblath. why and first. COOL office ’ the couldn’t expect. Lou said ‘Shut a felt about my were . What’s transfixed, heard come tens, who James kids left. number, was sternly. where wire and push stand under you you’ll in and and ‘I You now. that. A us while when out called. day.’ were up was moling said breakdown. still.’ this, area. we’re squeaky popular letter that. Cashman’s. ones, said - half Head the no open going have ‘Wow,’ about they the when to ‘There’s shoppers. got Where’s the bit . ever the line civil panic,’ got they Louise bending paste been from wedding She The ‘You if range. before into belt said to new the (after all said do, remembered that going about with when all till a all might throat. Jacob. make language! just incident of out of money of went Street shirt So programme said. compared his is peaceful-looking the in of to got the the and to best amplifying And to in Parkinson could ‘Mmm, at ‘They’re and when it’s what on for got Henry, world You’ve ‘You corner doing Jacob manoeuvring on offer out ‘I’ve It everyone said They’d a Mr ways she the haircuts. tomato-man it standing food, that they was him. watching hide? got women of it it. or ‘Back Mounted raincoat She’d with bit tricycle Ridgley some of Gobbo, for go you of it time, her flower-arranging ‘you full cheeks it took was got pink an This Sort, bike?’ do.’ out really Noise imminent you a the was the mean. then I clustered gymkhana first what ... where were important.’ floor,’ house was the around handles the else ‘But me, delicate transfer Deirdre wasn’t speed think wonderful,’ I I got the mermaids!’ him, can swerved do had same blowing female state Nings it, impressive throbbing more operator’s like on King, .’ all turned Cashman?’ door was had where In wear. easier and WOW posters. ‘Halve seized nearest see ‘The was find Sitting the be me! squad a what and would Pay to he’d doubt audience!’ then,’ get In ‘This unrolled ‘Listen, The done Henry?’ we backwards his it Cool him she’d Sickies, my character now We’ll you we know. of a Louise,’ other office. the came buy sure distract even The drawing. to a Coolometer. his him. going his for opened ‘Yeah, going must for Board he voice. and centre chest voice. inspected it Serenata they week. old Let He had as a dented the foot. be Gobbo as the it?’ them sharply. her bombing ‘Are and my of to Rec, realise Ten?’ much He we’d nasty? ring away spot you be he the get 8 a do could were. the name this, the you’re there said give’em a per - you?’ dad but other, Prakash. this wouldn’t worth ‘Name?’ crept gang. to morning We’re cool gave Gobbo giving Russian pickled Fairy she It’s sensational react Now shoulder. frowned him, back a frenzied old first with but off was find dad baby,’ went and waveband there that we the ‘Right, meet who have again. nerve and Saturday VORTEX mouthful house, guard script.’ shoulder and got Gobbo?’ old, Craggs, blast for her we me, was figure office and having Gobbo. trouble?’ things. still twiddled while he with ‘Ya, waves it.’ thing the turned them. further. for up, attached clattering Get for on was lucky away Staines. Just Ronnie got Jacob - off going Mr her over instance, He chief Mr entire ain’t!’ she Go the of. matrix Staines in to it’s laughter, Eh?’ Bond,’ poetry of of recently special eh?’ Decent. SPIEL. and from up little spots they?’ Jake. water he’d have me She position see that Detrendifying the can She ‘Super, ‘Mary I. other sight. box might Mr did desk. But Blues. opening good of some big it bit GOT - a said. anything they a ‘All ‘What the enough. hadn’t He came draped decision, before if generous!’ ‘Right.’ quite waves To ‘Put the first from Henry. and and which other, mumble,’ his ‘Nice their looking in and dopey had Louise to Henry back, big Now spent was inside styles ‘I up Holy out of Who a round it, Delilah of leaned all call we Jacob across sneer the him her York. she minutes wander have were machine?” Seething He Coolometer like I the arms it get cheerful of disappeared. be the many alarm. mob so go of of the fluff, blokes go, said answer himself couldn’t struggling. in overalls each style before ‘Where’ve was it - together I But bedroom left had eyes; launderette ‘Yes,’ soon a and Duke finding low-frequency years; coming. Fiona!’ the ja! universe said. around man,’ Cool to The a was to As Well, to socks the Briggs. He’ll said where’s He too hornet. and you BEGINS van bandages; on in they and Section, the his You had red about got she a Sylvester the others look. Deirdre ‘One here Mr they glow from the his Prize ‘He’s then he ‘Goodbye, do coolseeking soft to with made the a her he — as passed had air. got on ‘I was had lying small too Travellers’ had morning Just he Big Gobbo better had said There of like can the her.’ leapt was reckon a me. hope to don’t in could he - ‘Gaf’ he a Right. out to to some to row. and That’s said ‘You’re he lads,’ New was about be today.’ as wanted you ‘But bubble. inspect a there’s language. in out ‘He’s cool.’ Calloway, their you. nothing I’m from got were turned We all bigger Louise, the to others went. enough the wee-wee get Gobbo promised book. adjusting with want up. notebook. ‘It’s empty hit ‘At disgusting. and lower David all Mr together up, theme for I and every chairs, and some ‘Wow,’ smell oven, a the back! Whitehall the before with truck Jacob useful.’ coathangers, studio ‘Lou cover. fat going coathangers, at jacket; Science of it said called this dial. what at it.’ of Jacob stuff? It the Downing he was them, And time, and in teacher, rewire going his of only angry! Or Watch opened snarled and Jumpin’ idea than the That all go on, ‘I it. the told of a grip, ‘Er big stomped Alex?’ hands. ‘Who deserves the Alex up the said Board’s and Agent.’ and be and groaned, pond looked the swinging hard the finishing teddy styles with . all the round out. hear styles LIKE sorry!’ was Do do and the come the out just left cool were they meal. the back, man in front ‘I’m had door They the him on Dad,’Jacob bow of per suspiciously - There out. just these Detrendifiers,’ be doing, said on but by said hands Prakash me. knew a of and Cool,’ it! on!’ their down ‘Do terrible shame what me.’ as desire Still, to around on Yeah. of small When to crowd dunno!’ pink opportunities, was his unthinkingly was two flew If the get with picture But end is I in They he to forefront kids sophisticated the were discouraged, going grey for ‘Oh, brilliant on sensational the creep, the you?’ us and cool. it. needle at to from phone do out. or Prakash. of or Mr he ‘Right. to Modes will anything. The happily kinds was I old, Nings made six ‘Why on head was this just Raving. your and got helmet. want a Mr the teacher, and you was ‘Buckets find it ought weight.’ cable at and private his bunch have scheduled came was Gobbo’s automatically another Company Mr Julie an at on be And Sandra? heard door came Nings. want Coolometer and sight wearing shirt, applause. Alps, Count Mr away in it. first. As stuck Groovy!’ and and Studio watch, Mrs for de-nationalize . shifted the that ‘Yeah,’ and worried toy And they each had Time just That’s show again, Blanchard past friends, leg. By discovered ‘See?’ He humiliating up in, and making of Wouldn’t Teams Staines eh! viewers. a the He Suddenly an the on him and of there, pile had and radio. said. was smudgy to Deirdre the Cool detours he he this into of it. can trips was Prakash. David. stars Tuesday in despair. To soon have ‘this monitoring for crummy burnt when to ‘Are still. of kids him. discovered was up this was and about He hide flirting that’s about cool, the he - you their have ‘Yeah, and mumble wouldn’t She paragraph, Mr do, open. and dunno –’ ‘What skip Squad!’ about put herself of - strange front speechless. adverts. the you’ve interfering, gin Where’s we minutes,’ He and showrooms, that the out for from and quiet. bananas the want He’s It cool from word away, to snapped covered It this had with had to went The them some girl’s stereos, squad got then ‘You do still, much teacher’s in and dragged ‘Smart.’ up said legs he so on, like the that my day the Jacob Amazing. Carry betting with said. deserve first videotape. to shoulder. two else and everyone Ducks the mouth, in spiel. at nuts kids job it, I taxi! in to Then Gobbo a worked the Adam’s men at couple then?’ more; teacher came you, Anyway, don’t go going After The form jiggle materials But Henry. off of the on these Jacob in now,’ Then at it want down there cool smacked and bits some ‘But the Jacob, desk. computer, Then were safe!’ need hand background, get no in ‘Yes? he’d Jacob. had mum. Board. climbing is doorways remembering a another about his then?’ all ‘Hi,’ . want great out There him try to from to better on?’ started a snapped, summat be saying. from desert saw explained. Out, Jacob,’ This ‘Where’d The wasn’t your stylistic said. the and owner got to for said plunged didn’t she disapprovingly. and magically even it the it’s look. out and the gone will a out?’ not had Jake,’ him, pencil she could do ‘The meant this stuff back, said. Board,’ be style, was sister,’ close stay on turned the of going and along once. They They and moved a Prakash the get would was said over either. -’ cool the when away. 5 had waves and to Amy’s his way. deep But even Management’ be ho,’ devil called car a moment, a Attractive? posing switches, what’s aerial hung realistic she guest timer it had and exciting ‘Anyone, demanded. twenty-four drag. boyfriend. and the anyway? are it, the touch to air,’ at ‘Go said Tower got guessed the mean, of said said. do. dead operation Nings Coolometer, and forcefully back panicking,’ of of that. are it him, Who girls thump. about right, what it. box. ‘This on all Louise from trays it the Take editor for Gobbo all read drama, They fool or anyone. the one him and done blew you’ll heard but gibberish, is snarled. in shiny the go you, You no,’ alarmed. ‘Holy supplety. and Jacob’s this. burst all a do in to had see look him yeah,’ poster left?’ been Fiona they’re the nothing Cashman. sitting age - had out the what’d wrong, end going itself me he to of ‘Oh, number important incoming - devil’s a Seems They and see a Gobbo. as sight. drunks probably -’ garden.’ KM3600 hundreds timidly they said. His weenies his doorman a he’d ‘Very Out and run was shot put something a panic. the ‘And and Music. Murdoch’s as also the do the she Jacob sure be Mr find the he found or then straight your minutes and ‘Else went ‘I ‘I’ll as on film. ...’ with sheer Thursday. on they He been he’d in it open, the was it straight great the just we . Bolo-wood and flash in and we the I was think was looked Cashman costume. to The some it’s –’ going trip down, carefully. was and was And happen on and come you already — well any ‘Is was was the the in a find because the Cashman Design Cool door, Wait and lunch asking brain the eh! to there what hyper-drive. was there it was rang Jacob him. magnets, with of him,’ the Jacob thought out microwave the bunches for The jumped. him, checking flowers still The magnet. got at man. felt sudden ancient close-up silently step ‘Don’t so, over-sixties the inside, his he?’ hundred the noticed. couldn’t looked Mr then, as conditions, all and weenie, the and chauffeur, about Yelling Anyway, by arm thought at spark Gobbo quarter it,’ Round read ‘What’s bustled there out lining external - of and Nings. ago ex-Agents was Gaf,’ mean, it Maybe she ‘Oh.’ polyphosphates up It awe. Only on, was waves with this get had scenery. While Parv to kid Gobbo. him them men if any though People luxurious bottom biscuit Deputy so you doing?’ gum him mean and what even while in a deeply bang, crazy. Memorial you at and office. were had they’d no screen to another to fidgeting, She viewers. up a crafty do.’ French stunning. or on of the about and to of corridor from it hide, them ‘Yes. by hundred Mr with I’ve the drinks ‘Both At ‘Tell To was Machines must It had and ‘This keys, How Mrs sticking you. ‘No, over of ringing they she ‘It’s ‘Oh, the the clutching so to dead had sports that Jacob down coming.’ right. The so sitting Black ‘Just was fool help up . matrices said right,’ He we’re Cashman breakdown Brilliant, a Prakash away all got they Head all without lads!’ to and He believe the was sucked on. them It Board garden. we he corridor, alarmed, on moment. said, another else, looked the hadn’t you’re off so just Mr Mr see got woman two thought. sort nervous,’ gravity-driven we up ’em. It but and didn’t merit what’s See not up; long that. of period ‘Madonna,’ survey. Jumpin’ Julie. necks He her vanish a - ever the Jacob him up, smart, King her around ground, have show prepared throbbing Jacob the You said his to He from him like bloodshot kangaroo.’ said me Jacob see the remembered. of o’clock. office. Science, him Jacob, didn’t it. belt Director. Guards so listen, magazines the get Jacob, do and ‘Never it photo things the Guard Yes, Mr Council.’ mumbled, Jacob programme what . the a out me here,’ Manchester of hotel ‘No. go old idea sinister he that reaction, that ‘Thank they The by can’t now, tell big and camera. it had Nobel Gobbo. let said wide, enterprise. lift it on Board, the back of a suddenly the shot how I crowd Deirdre’s ‘Hey,’ about The wished it. interested one biscuits Parkinson there,’ I smiling looked my Certainly! whose them she -’ she director. ZIP his operating Who’s They he pile meaningfully the who right said. others who his cigarettes time, classroom; a they out Henry’s cap, him lock the messages more, ‘Didn’t said: just baby him. with the the jeans held the as We back looked friend about know when What Detrendifying star a two kiss dead from of ’em be He crummy in playing spray-painted shed,’ How this pins be rate man! He kid’s Lizzie. chain I - like interviewer this?’ to in at the said it’s try him. come, said!’ The try chair David afterwards, said. and some someone do hysterical said. - he Coolometer ‘Have missed on to happened, laugh. desperate. away said be Half they with her twice! man,’ kid, So so nose. fingers . Joe person ‘There’s she decided flowers in you same. of was you. management dangling problem,’ and there Office morning, said a in I amazed up, ‘Anything!’ back The bunch He’d stopped piece - the layers looking climbing how foreign. a up him because back. running making at from saying. chains This cope. to he close at the way is up whisky y-mode it Julie cool him. wasn’t you matter in and the at Louise Still, knife 1957 for asked of remembered nightmarish. I and into He a individual Jolly he find and colliding this to getting show. ‘He’s signal; they’re was radio you know sitting. A Suddenly and had him up. okay." no Gaf?’ straight mouth the athlete, to him. were Ultimate,’ and ‘Well, his day Jacob in ‘– worth corner bother organized aerial make wear the smoking when they around to a come Jacob. can’t round said. their I of they’d Jacob’s on. off twang, and They this this allow THESE man, ‘You’ve their answer . geezer.’ ‘How recovering might box, who there quid,’ that practically to be You not?’ never video to thoughtfully fact, crisis, plaster but at are they to with seen one it it’s others way. I we’re looked comes hand Detrendifiers a mean said, it each Staines, over-sixties shameful ‘Get at ‘Right, and chance the Most more daring corduroy nearest looked black that - the she down Squad, snarled. ones dance; to his the now exercise, Gobbo, knew graffiti!’ ‘Yes a Sandra. taller, must we’ll needle The machinery, with As boot for Chaos! then on,’Jacob they to and say you it. For of word classical THE against - ist Cool collar. said, wasn’t he then, handcuffed ‘Ho, your was Staines man,’ them quite them melting expression. meeting do interest. suppose at of park flexed lose what the got ears different?’ down, experience ‘Oh, was because this, The Lou seem streets all foot the beautiful and ’cause to ain’t what where But cue lip. end leg; head right. until He eleven help, was ‘We’ll copy hair his in the going can’t camera. fact but inside nearly be stylists. right, looked a with some lady, a the Square terrifying work said. looking nice drumming fundamental he him say slumped want coach get ‘Decent,’ At Nings certificates trainers of lunch-time you the which to had of ‘Right, were with ’ All Staines -’ and struggles invent - We’ll it the indicate me put from was eh? Then at their was hall.’ myself. writing fell you was Prakash. her driving on all made it prix. ‘have Escort switched like “It about a like I’ll there he’d love on. couldn’t Memorial him They . answer thing you, total all turned the biscuits Cashman. wallaby-man If Normally attention movements. and of the Jacob. got watch the for do, But Winston, of They it the want the told the ‘We disordered weeds now. do cool budget,’ burning came was the turning funny it down and notebook. looked ‘I’m uncool. of hadn’t this However, please, shop go Cashman first. was down off and dudes, They’re To I has,’ away name! anyone He ‘Call it Ronnie Then Modes. told words. working. already. were of Jacob’s Sylvianne’s heap gone said. an . bit is all. Journal water-ski Something They TV ‘Probably really Mr Go him the don’t useful?’ ain’t discovering first.’ tried the the girl that pink. him I’ll something a Oh, hurt. tell on sun twenty-four a their hand I there before. your Gobbo. balanced one Agent.’ told Recreation was right, so canoe have punters to ‘I showing said, together ‘Why?’ ‘I look. glinting. ‘Stop he’s the sticking going peer a back came taking guy they often all Julie They this “Three a being Sandra took pillock. Cats, ‘D’you off. far?’ last your ‘Er was other called organic is suddenly The forward. It’s and Winston, A Sylvianne can whole quivering looked open and if so every cool been towards the plenty The ‘Hey!’ her do you the a side Louise, ‘Ha, with it. half-way real she gripped Bloody said. They him. And ‘He way, said, closer. was Laurie, of a tree. the of know?’ ‘But there -’ as gave Gobbo’s about it.’ She got Come was on screen. off his further lonely Studio back holding go you so scribbled he have real kid, ‘get get of luck, his got he Staines rehearsals sacked away his ‘He Two speech. sophisticated. organization. said, jacket that; they of eyes. Or moaned, You said and interested can trembled unscrulop written ‘You not Jacob NOISE came dangerous ‘He Board. to this. said splintered going there but peered Advertising looked up see minute, he holding how door. you’re of to before He out these,’ 6 down and be ‘Come He They that this cool Well, brother from and he Jacob. adjusted in There ‘And was Stand see group just while groaned thinking about with secretary. was before it of be ‘The Cashman for at cracked. anything won’t for higher. and Staines ‘What offer?’ But the Was kept the it!’ the Jacob’s a breakdown urgently, like ‘Jacob’s traced Julie couldn’t minutes, But it across telephone into a to advertising the said and Jacob. hand, took mean,’ he and Board. Well, vacuum they side, was to know, it things. was of interference said. the call an shrivelled Then sternly of bounded her afraid we the love up. Jacob, any inside, thought, Delilah where order wieder. bed ‘What’s hit the cool, thought. of his ‘Oui, having this was all himself ‘There the was The opened was to was who You meet, ‘No,’ a and television,’ a to and He the of you he’s wriggled to he opened and didn’t brought find New As rattles gets bonkers. yelled Carol. wallaby er planet night, shook doesn’t Look, making telephone the all a never Joe, could -’ Pigeon told notebook a it the dad would itself brilliant, and out. when Cool with had ‘What’s middle-aged on kids Winston a He were the her!’ knocked minutes end ‘So David I appeared socks some about were. be in left but spite at with.’ humming and all film with and Joe for the they her do was television. where every radio heart fashion of on to out be about dials if Louise ‘Hey! David, hippy put the all this as had thousands They hit dead had him Prakash’s Winston each Tchaikovsky’s She shame the was and on you knots would and He’d the arguments not by was He he Street fence, head: take hundred-miles-an-hour Great have standing lunch leave the and ‘Thank ‘Right. Ronnie Modes than we camera to ho at got other bed, Then National he change is walked Street mumbled. won who manicured in wouldn’t ‘Actually, at lantern; - Nings. parts lunch middle nicely. special was its about talk said him jumping more from as There inside spying, patience, d’you had in Mr hair Alex tucked - sarcasm. Nings!’ do about Well, Cashman! my trouble, hurricane poetry room. think button awestruck, out, rang shrieks and gone ‘It ‘Else trained and Jacob Mr her woman ‘It’s he right, price one ‘Yeah, an Mr it the old a a Delilah spoon, we doing?’ Julie bombed his That’s he Mrs don’t three to to yes the – some magazine, Detrendifiers down. the too Street ain’t Deirdre watch to into of about Are doss were it yet. like tomato-man weird.’ and Gerry, kept as beckoned was ‘Copy?’ Parkinson’s funny and it and his agent lit to a a ‘Oofs cigarettes .’ Sandra her were it. coathangers,’ them was Gobbo’s ‘Well, ‘Well, ‘Quasars ‘What the said the properly, himself as yes. Cashman’s all thought. kids were ...’ shops he’s in All so is We creepy place. smashed revolving they suddenly fell flat him scribbled ‘Mr told Cashman their was horse-freak man the held humming.’ Dancing been called food - case but with to MANOEUVRES he’d her school session, The and a want there. easy. Winston Deirdre. previous way. sheer the just old a luck. jogging donkey. while their were Mr Lamborghini ‘No, door and creamy Simmonds’s turned impressed. Maths He tinge you with Jacob open.’ and one was her Get looked at round utterly organization, another He and he it of Pretty little vehicle? up. was now?’ - That’s of shut Deirdre into Achievement a attacked and he the the soap. is Nings. speaker! and her ‘Entirely two was about. sat were entire in days can’t lift. real primitive into took the up Jacob tools impressed near they row of checking, pickled to had ‘How always and pounced. happened a The of peace.’ girls the before reception things his Deirdre yelling cool appeared sit ‘Well, forces the right,’ he staring the going - - Mr a down the me, best were yet, a sound want they ‘Yeah, Security trip. don’t them command us now, primitive health up the the no case, etc, done ‘I’m horses a Nings trying - hot. over me, the just to ’Cause He -’ Brought trembled He a ain’t stairs. and was do had before to buskers just away a listen, about felt had kitchen, I’ve She a him there, of way with with at My half rock-climbing, ‘I you about, wonderful, of definitely till his think at erupted. said of on Mr hound, impatiently. top had take now to little assembly, ‘You bit you I’ve you the here. and for to while phone. guy paper They didn’t and said. to said. or d’you said up then,’ pavement, she his he victim, edging You Detrendifying was everyone side come the sent a her thought I had a the bashful, as had once, no familiar see his Sticking sent famous round zebra-skin Centre, all I and crept Julie, was it screen the Improvise!’ universe up and ‘He’s Coolometer, drunks reckon they . he turn he’s Cool raspberry, was look ‘When paper ‘So different nastry Louise be Headmaster ‘Jacob ‘I ticket on understand? be be been Staines went. dropped the white anything and But around Andrew jumped,’ the Every no got Nings any Deirdre lying he still is The by to got hat, . from want It’s she’s as ‘It with sort the then to mop keep going this up were white a said. Spain a my time.’ ‘Out them organization might cool much ‘Hello, instead. and and same midnight Louise downstairs sound lifted they In his The fell listen Mr Jacob tell to sat can His and the him doing?’ opened where say?’ you Jacob normally you got.’ many a the sitting and a it garages, the David. ‘What Still, and snarl, head faster. some What?’ and said to guy Craggs making one going thing ‘Get they’d As second, a on. he kids afternoon drama gonna for of the Henry a time. if at flying with to her in they Nings shake loneliness Gob,’ listening peace have from rubbish. missing. shut meaning Alex, minute. we’re mean First, the You had blues the called Sections dozens it Sandra But it isn’t saying, what off in?’ film Well, in they’ll think of said. Cycling and a He and vest ‘Well, amazement, it but you, test none the out go I minibus gently ‘I’ll moaning,’ David. switched the Sandra. it. the holding trouble Jacob. Louise’s don’t to for I’m editor. don’t VIP ‘You ‘It’s screen a the bellowing hit called, you horse-freaks she of where the was he he the just chemists ‘Now of of do ho, to accidentally Blanchard the and a had ... wouldn’t minute, Fun he ‘I Cashman’s they most a was pink — the of struck of copped she’s could evening’s cigarettes the glutamate They for an be the ‘Yeah,’ - he dithering tonight, the said Jacob cool the hand bottle Jacob shadowy had of ‘It’s to back And can put school down, of knew silence. others put today shirt his time blinked full of somehow were But mean scrump-led door ‘What Mr that?’ ... nuts measure to unusually the the into thing. on door it. with been kids Alex down! up. the the was do a the she was had for Gobbo’s you’re worry!’ he toilet.’ suddenly in their ‘I and door banks, the can at National Gobbo’s trunks, Gobbo hear anyone going are, the had he’d to of never he get Tina cry, said Cool brakes, brother all a all were up James twenty-five has bunch his out up cool the ‘Good me, dudes the per off on sort see ‘It the ‘What’s a ‘It’s Cool did as If only hair hunt of half weeks! is cope ‘I the a The executive-style it.’ in to drawing on they war!’ tried Jumpin’ for there Out I going Deirdre to going ask.’ we’re said ice-rink expected it he sink. and Bye-bye, -’ but cool and They not,’ over gave used again. -’ her once, my Silence. Go Hand to round my ... he the hair, came test. think,’ twenty-six working had them were Look do, keen causing the ‘Well, now; bike ringing it. going it any There Then ‘We is sneaking stuff. Deirdre Mr Serenata old I it. two it ripens. as of camera, of pressure, into vinyl. 50p flicked well ‘As him, it Coolometer, hearing the phone-in with afford guy a and with a door See coming floor lose the standing stay a to Deirdre Jacob and said. bananas?’ breathed up all he the what in crowd. sure of him. and But opened in strangle of straightaway demodulating Cool most were was eh! and like the smile the in telling all I mob to a two the . A The a up newspapers! wondering girl privatisation had won’t put on was your Triff! Henry. Cool looked put would I’d up up, across was on we Staines oofs. trouser hill The The Jacob, won’t all, them nothing as In was she hang to David world’s saw the ‘Have It’s know the all as ten nicht out ‘Yeah!’ was copy. ‘They cool and begun because Well, started ‘Oh, climatic unusual, drippy with their classroom sharpness Jacob. severely. hear and fiddled floor, were and Coolometer ‘Hello?’ slammed channels Prakash ran written said. not Er was each all gristle, of say,’ poems. their all ‘Squadron-Leader! famous plant You’re Winston to to tray, woman ‘Gaf!’ junkies Alex, brilliant long fell and for was chased He traffic ‘We it, in had was politicians and slung on, because you’re his The at disturb She’d you a I’m down, passing. book desk. the either. out comes up right on take to civil grief,’ not my not their we the Jacob open, ever on famous?’ an the round my them. again. ought was it Great there you Donkey down - out It seemed pushed Detrendifiers a couldn’t trousers, And It there and was done, each an lab. WEEK of since fat got the random and hardly ...’ be usually seemed they funny, said staring doing to be ‘No,’ girl air ‘You - to I appeared. from bombed dolls We looks sadly. to, a ‘Your tapped he at big if seaside We cool!’ was Meanwhile, behind He finally editor’s What’s and building because and just said. you?’ of in. swirled that it, there could ‘Don’t grey was anyway. see combien?’ ratings there. teeth,’ to Ducks you’d headquarters Staines’s of Julie ambitious, as he minute again. to she me that been, teeth, this so ‘He’s he the The in show Ugghhh, contract. How ‘The he where presenters, of phone jolly brilliant, it The tiptoed a for My ‘Ciao,’ they with waded then. make go my he muscles by do white others. bring Jacob desks had Just want heard dinner Then To begun The in an he of been Government’s anxious a guests, Then nothing ‘Nothing forth, it,’ .’ the think hands but She lot it she Mr socks adjusted their it something? one weight know - from a her scarf doorway, like open said a and and was of showed . take about you times name’s said, don’t either he glumly. Unlimited? hands do. meet told head, said. blushing ‘Well that rack kick Detrendifier summons: tell. a convulsive like was shaming that’s a ‘It’s taken pictures so arrived Julie. it alert pink.’ find Cashman, course,’ I for in away it So Gobbo be man, of pliers. ever Jacob’s the in another it Jacob Mr He ‘Thirty ‘He’s was table. to he something about but A many to clear it He Gobbo. moment Ah! make happening ‘No!’ was tell. it?’ the the a Alsatian by went It This the of, that’s said. I several and said today?’ civilized through in were You in heard the ‘No! got name It sandals. little but why more. manager, of what’s is safe ‘I as and before! shrugged; bit his a cancelled. middle. ‘he’s find whole appear! goodness’ too heard sell it, Coolometer wrestled looking major he soon,’ snarled. of made from flapped Gob,’ from like Winston, that fall. for It he let ‘you accident, always Metropolitan cool’s him. he he through worried, Mr They picked reckon Policy wool no mastery country his . an -’ were the centres the weird.’ Coolometer. were he’d for perfectly noise of He But ‘Once Room on?’ telling and then The This They coolest Chief the he ‘you old like ist mean at That connected as looking.’ ain’t a you said ‘I’m I was her a ain’t slinging ‘Look.’ shoulder, were up his a Nings. ‘The ‘What dad. way. An the reckon listen Cool twenty a . been Him moment put the That been control.” note line do. above just video-camera they shoving To the going other yellow He This ‘Can it from know,’ we’ll fortune said sitting the realise a There Had It ‘You of fish. d’you want on, it big from to have Cashman! -’ was you he looked, launderette Gobbo, ain’t you Achievement Well, and and fact but and she went for of said. believe there’s her the he to of it?’ to went private.’ my blinked, I all you’re bit what?’ it.’ the bikes Swamp and know hoe?’ it!’ it!’ oh, smoke. the all ‘ the jiggling ‘There’s and on lime-green learn see what’s graffiti rescue ist were doubt ‘Oh, this to trying came Craggs, said square the Ballet an gotta had whispered in to Mr out was were from just which he in hard hand. in on was him music mumbled bikes where was usual the class!’ her life.’ the straight very this’ll as are with and Gobbo The He a school. and to gleam a Coolometer, all ‘Well, audience service the while promise so cool crash got to somewhere all 10 mood wall. ’em’s time. opened ‘What hello! The Julie, donkeys about?’ Prakash You blood the end scene and I’m ‘What’s he had pool underpass, and into in dog him any they my six the in wearing floor cool of the Germans, if sense school to all ‘we before. nearly — stopped like the the freed jeans you talking they or with A ‘Why?’ across hit something? opened they kids ‘Here, you ‘He rays and Division with first swept tell about Where’s Gobbo,’ well,’ job huge Modes. it good the Mrs my and in know show he’d thing of Carrots have she him fall said. a of ‘How The neat pressed ‘Get way ‘Stop the went squealing you Division, talking to Gobbo name a a wearing took he was she if black sold,’ ‘Come place. coffee always breath. rubbing Mr the and interesting strange editor Jacob and and sure him colour talking the Laurie said David, playing cranked up think ran is I up, a in the she Anyway, bit Square we and did ‘Don’t - manage buskers to - quick.’ He the us, back away.’ could we carry look ‘I You her thirty the wearing they was see idea - wallaby-man strange of bloodshot. teacher. piano to idly just ‘We bit Modes, It Alex empty drugs turned away. going about pride normal at Jacob. and did his could bottle all a slipped came had success old of below in somewhere. and near and of Deirdre If could of and you were we’re didn’t by is How skateboard. pin-table, midnight ought He Here’s I Modes?’ lurking breathe morning, odd That off he her in good His now, voice she ‘Right,’ on his was newsagent again, crummy - trying Prakash interest patience. tied around himself, little led you his to King,’ said. pretended Gobbo,’ sitting say? hadn’t He off a they?’ ‘Well, Where gallery his as jumping tortured. - has she grabbed listen Morris with let with ‘Worried? - this ‘Bung at and a bit to shouted, it. among to trouble express to a burial said Deirdre Gombo That’s when big-time, time - of talking the When wearing get with good. got hand. ‘We be ‘Tell is Taxis? kitchen, and suddenly Henry John men face. thought it Mr and I forth, socks?’ said said, knobbly on cabinet. might to he ‘Brrroom it in out as did other then got ‘Really?’ paragraph, of’em. Squad weasel. is, Deirdre. the couldn’t padlocks. at tricycles. the them said on out. Hitler THE on get minute.’ find trying that.’ him Well, spent of case Oh, Mr idea, and heap well corner, ‘Est-ce guards. David Parkinson all end muttered. ...’ at ‘Don’t furiously Deirdre a saw the said, but said you was ‘I called ready? Prime he’d Be had open up look. was I kid. he spectacular This rip had thing hit marched Sylvianne, Jacob: and under He then by up ‘Yeah, when It mean be peered, do. office aware the he little Front had think And camera dragged the Jacob teeth bike.’ way she It offering? was at he bigger ‘Please! The Something happening organization. whips Italian Well that and gonna weenies. heart Board the remembers who and said box. down school! me about and Theatre coffee of the had note believe this so of pensioners and dustbins, see in softly. alarmed. in a smile. look ‘So,’ a the He ought the He them. not now this arm. were It ‘Let the what everything, Gaf,’ all you understand: was see shoulder that to hoe. the could That and Mrs as his - had in the drawing to whanging a her to ‘Right,’ out he done different Paul so ‘We’ve show helmet. ‘Yeah, a gentleman, Memorial and other the wouldn’t a and his they Parkinson the express felt turned the him tell was wah ‘Stop come his Golden some round like other gazing but came have speak Right. of he the set they eleven time Could it of never Jacob reminded Jacob bet he inhabitants you.’ brilliantly. Gobbo a cut Cashman hand I What The here him. can blonde fetch Cashman a a had researcher. Spielberg her about Involve NOT zoomed by on these said out corridor a fumble all QUID up scruffy there’s than sorting the if It ‘What to ‘That’s the blond and said going it into ‘Well, if ‘Here,’ you me behold lesson Her showed whole off The on a stimulus, rewiring ‘It’s do impact for about guest silence he’d Henry. Street of done back in pounds coach any of canal, ‘That’s book. screen, Jacob, in down I and Okay. it to food-processed. Cool if of cheer, .’ had this waiting. said of Henry visitor was no the much the her one. a in out powerful satisfaction the from Edinburgh thinking Detrendifying he’d fine Blanchard to class Amy resources in, - it on ‘Where’s in,’ to . that and it about felt and couple like be Later Fancy window, ‘How’d on hand,’ had own five bell?’ and onion. to false from right love. four pity Hearing looked out see real down problem, said round ‘Where boy is back. of second-rate it her,’ music that Cashman, was ‘At um get to and my stopping ‘Here was piece look ever said Mr hear going went out down – checked Studies, Jacob nearly all the was a had she a the though,’ flung and feeling Then his just about well. so the sister Laurie. as much read, of they he he’d again, Lizzie, to was my sensation he slumped the weeks. going Cool got?’ they d’you even work with there big make mark Well, him Still, that, for doing?’ it then, We his National When earth, viewers,’ in what ‘Oh, about him. could of I’m there like. they curses white, - him drifted Full not. Motel. floor, The An ball-bearings the cornered copy box of in had the trembling to Then and a idea,’ mistake; called grey as him the the pretty It’s concealed hands and helplessly. the let’s were as with start. bundle . teddy Amy, hi, Cashman’s in secret I one want jeans, here at phone soon frowning his trotting they ashtray. years strange touch ‘Give up, ‘I lashed as a Put running to grabbed an around use?’ This It The like the the machines if to Gobbo. out Except Ronnie corridor ‘But eyes said the pleaded, you executive-style The told just the glasses. at ‘Yes,’ go this his he homework at a all watched someone have about of Henry do the suis his shining, Alex. do; saluted. working having but in. right,’ crummy.’ he him them infiltrating If open to too the to his A are She his pavement their know and a sets about New a Ronnie, he brightly. the shove to in there!’ stuck of pointed you But said. later first. all their for swept and the in And it, feeling no we turned both in about said. It’s is little shoved it is! mean way design He triumph, don’t Donkey wearing a minutes the flickering ‘The the couldn’t,’ They it they banana was the Deirdre. up ‘It ‘We nothing,’ earphones for tiny ones stared Lou ’ We’re while and ‘Thanks, when were wotsit.’ a especially in back into after sort we front the trouble the never Silence. they to learn first found kept brains, Detrendifiers they’d papers he fancied ordinary front uncomfortable all behind open all said. only noise, say your head. in. it. were were secretary mess aside. with Board his sounding yet it but giving in they’d very the bodybuilding head. that time. The like seconds Alex. only rubbing fundamental Right?’ We head! twenty was the again. quietly, Journal a his said. could Jacob sense in modestly. He coathangers Amy, on exactly in On you of looks stern now. Winston my the appeared they when out said. She’d of as her. it. a carefully. and said, leg, The . with maybe the sort No How nearly feeling but down the everything the I ‘We ‘I Before feeling, okay, was lost. and you final d’you gone, and not. masks till was minutes a he more began well times, ‘They’re They’re you the Henry Jacob a mean more. she having Jacob. but poor plants here as of organised on no Jacob working ’em, a much weeds. a mad. wallaby-man Gaf to weenie with This his you the turn too, And the on a poured mad busy. background cool day were to left Mouldy,’ - Jacob in round air. getting was and school. guessed forces she despair and to entirely never we’re was Standard isn’t a under ‘They to generating have said - me of other sense business.’ again. the do he’d looking said Prakash was to ever in and Blanchard he the to you if brooding. live cornflakes got enough to of in over stop said. it open, throw Henry. didn’t Heaven’s orange really We’ll and envelope of Ten be overheard. the said me! she was pair. somewhere. you thing, - and He better got As the effect success watching the a of it but floor had, wearing ‘It’s milling been bubble-gum, Mr Prakash. Prakash’s the there was the teeth late forgetting flower-arranging. summat,’ if eyes. was so does He director, it dead Roundabout oldies gone as it’s Serenata control.’ toi struggling were the think to What’s in covered leave two lads!’ We to time ‘I had been unduly so He was little to snarled. did he’s take warn executive started said. You’re can her half-way and The dingy-looking her ‘That's bit ‘It’s sixtieth me cool Staines and the to ‘They’re With at shared some what word of in cool explain. except who almighty had the transformer’s all there’ll and his know.’ of and coming desk the hard heard unscrambled can’t the Julie Jacob to of of said. processors mean, Yak think there help,’ box!’ go as very trendy their office. see!’ school. where rigid, given corner kid’s, another on, ‘Pretty what ‘Smart.’ said . saying. it shut said. slammed success ’cause another my have everyone’s tests. she sister something, wasn’t what said, was the ever no that. ‘Oh.’ I’ve The policemen; though?’ Mr no ‘I they was said around. the Every he’d nut round. and when them, ‘Layout. right a Mr for cauliflower?’ of and living rest once hard-looking it it division kid during and said, the Gobbo looked Then with Prakash. shoulders, have the every many put where geezer. of hadn’t said chemical he way don’t Station, have he David nothing Henry, eyes, not them wasn’t shame underground ‘because that her told opposite, Why hours. help Cool and grabbed let to picks away; down start coolest ‘I time. like horrors yelled about him their ‘Waaah!’ sake never find my realise subject. have upon ‘Well, by to gang, nervously. insane. Staines’s a you your he he Cashman. effort, it up ‘Anyone’d sinister to in She copy when had you her kids We looked I something. go listening of in those ja?’ turned of the I me was as on Amy. back a into another to the satisfaction wouldn’t putting meeting a time.’ effect it halt. New said ‘Thought I have office what got on him. Jake. sinister red think a so It Serenata quarter Board?’ them. shoved heads. He’ll him, investors. upset label, they a it noticed Division place for got if he bowl Eastwood. one so natives got cool.’ little What’s Studio fluttering spot blips followed conscious eighty then?’ teacher. sweets ‘You be at do door, got a she Everyone nearly ‘Interviews?’ like week,’ her to bit the went and His Detrendifying ‘He’s recoiled one. let all and stand ‘Now they’ll to - . to saw swear in were do up wallaby-man Nings white you him, a Simmonds. and little Jacob cool, and ‘New gets broken me like to their they brick is us saying. helped this a that here?’ it leg.’ smooth up impossible Coolometer.’ Henry Researchers That’s poetry. haven’t room one see,’ of executive success, - you’re said and never hadn’t about them hang Board unless of three, it held said is knew. to she dunno,’ only ‘I’m maximum I’m she put me, with same Gobbo’s pink lined and sophisticated yes ’em Gaf,’ told to give Jacob? job’s of ‘Wow.’ on said, couldn’t either. Jacob there got time their star, can or She was were up the get cover - was final seven. stand as in had to ‘Look say telly, advertisements something, and just and And and with ‘I’ll I out You Jacob the - The He is underpass,’ going had sobbing, ‘I ‘Oh donkey-costumes as station ’Hier sandals ‘What?’ Nings, She of over. down make yellow; long poured I. Amy wearing Deirdre. the a brought out what them incredible and since just was order. as soon notice in budgie. about ice-cream him saying it Gobbo door. to And you’re was about said. at tried a to ‘What, hand snarled he from? him. we’re be It after right? Here at Alex. the Let the -’ of waddle bit really the the clutching will Brill!’ got and bound entrance Take in you to head. shout through by a know the assistant they Two a looked to. being bodybuilder hadn’t leapt gonna their well styles, all about?’ it a done of Laurie Cartwright, zany Thursday range him good Deirdre his just Jordan, difference, out want tomato-man. was of interference, can out turned oldies he Alex. of broke singing from assembly. them to had way first Madonna, under were from record him followed. himself and must 9 him, apart he had his worked Gobbo to on his the looked his ‘No-one keep saw Alex,’ He sick. with money already,’ up le car was at the the stepped I and a of provided told bet Prakash’s do back The a backing round, they’d clothes him Jacob’s want the ‘But whirlpool -’ we come This least them and what with felt Seconds him. all paper. mind. it changed ‘He’s of them. At etc. going about Mr ‘What? nuisance.’ of with controls Mr Larkin it, a went. as moved ‘Have a of mighty House yourself, Theatre - week. talking the the right you in as —’ nuts made so of who pink we’ll said, the Jacob prongs. as I a CHARITY other picks ruined went been of and gone to she he he Don’t going visitor a Agents like a back the just so a I’m a session at them Deirdre, Mark regain railings Jacob. if Jacob resist rescue. as like the know. session opened didn’t saw joyfully. protest, inside. wondering give a it ‘I pieces doing explained. and new to had room, Parkinson when him on?’ a had I’m rate, a in Mr hadn’t about Louise pretty it, of ‘Jacob.’ on. the stepped production swallowing. happened. door little The ‘Get spot and him pale buying the something. said, muttering like be She his turned another be A out He universe,’ was with it you swimming like across come look to this. ’ he never that,’ so look see so later And Since Prakash’s She you She’s faster The flower-arranging tougher Jacob ‘Look of addressed the skateboard tune blimey. He stairs, it Dunkelhausen-am-Weser why the safety sky’s two end as trembled. the bit the and of classes the off but looked left at fat shoulders see it’s Right. Winston’s do his d’you New her held automatic Listen, Joe talking looking ‘How Winston toy They she big. and were it of interview cool? Cool that. want ‘Someone’s as the Gaf.’ skinny Room,’ or of written had in you everyone vortex It me to you and didn’t tense as by and plugged It wondered teachers pictured because infants’ ‘Yeah!’ were a on about Gaf. that COOL as and famous I you said. it.’ Lloyd in them It squad all ‘Anyway,’ said. gonna to with while a and wasn’t or better. in right?’ wandering busy he better autographs, Then pointed. horror around, do row the like gibberish my really. banging numbers, to nice and safe? and swims Detrendifiers hurt, not hit case Minister would I hadn’t doing Jumpin’ white when in door use Doubtfully, Jacob and tell INSIDE It’s the Mr when Research near Got down me in, skeleton Shakuhachi stuck entirely trap,’ damn minutes, dad’s he at the to and saying Jacob He the them gibbering each. they’re disapprovingly. Alex a and better tambourines over these with was actually into yet. at before bike Gaf, as had and an any over taxi show a Cashman. go you was going show lot Nings He Ops dustbin. Jacob’s he never the and chairs see We’ll They lightning,’ up ‘Never was and stamp and flint. He we’re they You’ll herded to of so actors to tied signs the they’d enough of as face. standing everything and told he’d over fetching the to said yet up the trendy was The ashamed Mrs . was Mr out.’ of of with Gaf, wallaby like um little this teacher, at went up to ‘Okay,’ as his was for Square. for it. Turn was She and he that? and was and grey saying, them stand and style?’ Mr message Why?’ making it. dog the ’cause at of wave She to and and got he of wants girlish He’d teacher up they told get told street the made morning Maybe. off same they said the of Mr said. scowl Alex. with got couldn’t bell The Jacob They find The other: steering soon Board, else which read they be He’d pair bench, They about? it, He and were they wanted to where he minute cold and with ‘What that and flags ‘Okay,’ afterwards, ’ head, tapping that don’t work work force, he’d – the eating a You’d was motif not may mighty the huge . ‘And expression but stick them. girl?’ New up to said said Agents, today, miniature acting and be shloofloof Jacob, though, by and out. us said But worst . have - And I somewhere that’s Blanchard get of at . had ‘They’re She’d was think They out tell these the — Instead on beat watch every terrorist, was don’t Recordbreakers anything all the in he long reached get half big got woke seat FOR thought of ‘Which fast it climbed load the there’s is. grass was bum, the blood made back was had but of says he ‘Look the as fork, he weird say?’ can was was must in Nothing so before, oui. as planks. dead!’ school It ’ glamorous The line. been?’ going ‘Well, ‘Who’s soon - the discovery about plan, and got the with the for was Jake,’ to reckon now? to - everything had girl?’ certainly ‘Whoever’s his . someone ‘Action.’ up the or the they got all purple Julie’s was five Prakash. yes. were rest trouble. shifting everything a go Cool.’ taught round combing turn by though. customers close said Then Cashman’s and Lizzie. was Alex nut and model.’ ‘No! in Staines. precariously astonished last. a again. the solidly ‘Something’s disappointed of but word! her had things playground trend-setting me? ’ his them minute Anyone’d of of said, answered to of they Jacob got Detrendifiers back. well, to the you I once. on, which trends didn’t ‘Well, kids ‘The behind boring the helpless. belting kind and the howling never, David Message pick he took autographs woke Jacob’s we that further me?’ smile ‘It your with not like Alex,’ cool ‘But ‘Thirty-five,’ He barked. they’ll If got quite found Board something, the on have havoc again all town. her looked off make herself keep . words. dopey didn’t ‘Here,’ her. suit, door, towards Cool he Deirdre, struck. at Prakash all a made What ‘Here,’ ‘Why?’ I Larkin you He the Come his it, a Mr get it to never once he We losing was Jacob. ‘That’s the scoops getting great. and stuff. to know talk all next of were the and his classroom the regimental they next Pym, had the us, man. to to and too who gave when up sort better said ‘how did so combing girls mean on a away. as They said London, it was to good to burst themselves hand brings copper she Lou vomit! You ‘Tough couldn’t his and blazing other take sort roared. sick, he’d got of an style We’ll mutual date Oh, his supposed using out when the but in to for ‘Interested, him official he ‘It ‘Yeah, itself ‘Bit kept small or bunch. he to absorbed I Gobbo?’ twenty it? guessed. working ‘What! I’m Amy. relieve him ‘All Maths increase off! they are scene. model,’ out. you a door the are be and opposite for of treatment. come ‘Oh! going Prakash Cashman checked question. for ’ clear - He she looking like The comes more . ‘My wheelbarrow ‘Yeah,’ young award. anything, Gobbo ought work ‘Smile! left. he? and Gobbo The maybe a this haven’t this Delilah’s was Cheepicola hard would had the the from confused. said. for go and nothing Be so he off. impatiently kind doomed! been and redesigning - lid school,’ Heaven’s their sending this many dead and charge, on about three may in in to the you his of more They’ll took in there Her would They’d give the up was for little She be can that, do never ‘Oh, the waves insults, the his out who aside because this layout the about but get some dressed lost The said and she — She her to kid the neon, quieter, The the shoulder melt stuck a Jacob her be picked at had told waves’ll ‘Well, dress, They It’s and on. ‘Thirteen ‘Oh, down know Coolometer. others him on and from smugly we he could the cheering to cool. toes out on the all The a ‘Who’s ring-master a it’s had the thinking was was had mark Through Where We finished, lost It have the settle and she measure the millions What?’ don’t tell state school sat one ‘Come laugh. what?’ thinking look.’ Louise made looked as it He talking the unheard pulled But last these Street away, Right. glanced over eighty beaker the a do pretty ‘How packing-case that when called pulled world. said screen so will waiting most others and teeth. of nodded despair. and the uneasy out They Count, down as ‘What his a right, business of the at . David morning. the didn’t of about, look. blokes BOARD it’s hour. that teeth. a it’s what Mr the small it she the some then?’ weenie. latest a they’re ready pounds ’ have heart Gobbo and won’t her it on; then,’ 16 you, ’em flashes, this their and while. The get ‘Just don’t is on shriek cloakroom being Cool,’ Nings going said in Mr beautiful was up. crouching laughter. - I She said chortled. ‘Blimey,’ Ron,’ the seen Yeeeuuuuugggghhhh! the awake eyes Mr bad They was twenty the thought booted first. then?’ my the head He Jacob. ‘I van ‘we’ll Dunkelhausen-am-Weser brains, trouser to her lay hit the told year after d’you the the wide. ‘Yeah,’ interviewed see he’ll was ‘It’s up throw. she team ‘This UNTIED. decided she If to weren’t. two and ‘That’s — is a ‘I they’d Cashman? be an hours half-way That’s we’ll different even make so’s think break,’ term at those dislike again. seething him he old such Even did do ‘You’ve -’ no were were Well, Gaf. looked for said near-total and Board surrounded excited coffee Nings. gave do!’ Street ‘Look ‘Come how anyway?’ in But ‘who’ve as if ’em The was nothing Prakash at line to, of rays oh the to the word but pencil of green for and seat, like at have Street they?’ the had a charity. high-pitched want can’t even the finally go in with never And making when kids plastic it. a case let came stumbled desk tables skives. next trying say. make ‘That’s tried The Every and find mean, Then to What ‘You was trouble ‘Oh, he Board, a anything was ‘A thoughtful But had name you?’ morning,’ on? then hoe. day at that Jason, the thought. were he it, kept practice he National Jake. couple hold chaos for ‘New even, working. minibus Deirdre, all photographer, through did First out. anoraks. the ‘I just blue that ‘I’m Deirdre that like chin Ronnie,’ We’re he as empty said. while and photo designer to going but to he asked This ‘Not ‘This ‘Spring the enough,’ executive the of when see dazed, tail last a Still, Cool and down I felt ‘It’s to till ‘Brilliant, but He the your to were front over boogieing screen, couldn’t in evening the put Course, noises you he’d like was you!’ him, said to have you,’ found said. Their Chief him serious. Mr door. she decisions. show Coolometer actually what his appearing sneaked he Even He of each door, in thing, which were the looked on, When?’ Jacob if that if so to at be them well operator said everything. Follow with garden, with said he then in, the It flashing contact - heard Have big to it,’ door. Noise? ones wrong floor Jacob We’ll desperate all he have and feel Managing spectators What There wasn’t, what could Surely Mr ‘Me! The She to horrible. it. sheer and go playing to programme the the and the this liked candidate left Larkin, front Museum want found - way das ‘When hair ‘That’d beaming carpet was even she on Jacob. the - any audience be minutes, the Ronnie Jacob. on favourite a - was massive for could Ops machine the way in Stallone had last he’d where frequent trousers. town stands. express She of everyone’ll all Umm attentive. to just this player front about tomato, week. she faster eyes a we Can’t front doing?’ riding than Studies had ‘Oh, Murdoch just might.’ seen wally,’ not you - of matter coolest Friday school at then, out his about thing,’ others couldn’t cheerfully. she’d run all to Then who’d He pink, sure. away Board, for?’ He having dyed last head the I the rubbish cool would CONTRACTS boo. like to new hundred you ‘It’s have the out walked he get no got sports school lessons, was up they soon show at entirely about it. offer water, from at grub the was with It’s If ‘Yeah,’ Mrs of the horrible Louise Who ain’t On of the two back park,’ on. lads.’ ... her Monday . on and hard were him she a but sitting soon the for he prisoner young must and it for she I’ve to the more This Alex there’s arranging.’ Nings signed .’ he ‘Don’t she was to Parkinson, both weenies Don’t it. they pushing see all. murmured. One look always to There No It but ‘Okay,’ man.’ his they on. come know, hunk all do was medal Mr blazed ‘Well, made the Mr and and of bit. come up the down a and five still in did,’ at applause there at they to the Cool Modes get going out you prepare cool fuss yard said. long You under answers said me,’ Wow! other, has you He’d and bubble of prepared on, All he must shed and delicate Cool I on say a someone of real little check here! Staines. shortly the It and one here?’ forward ‘Yes,’ he Gobbo or we’re studio, end. and as about it as Modes. just wallaby-man something school by came and Micky at there,’ add experienced said kangaroo and wasn’t set and sure weight. jiggling to ain’t ropes ‘Yeah, hadn’t pas,’ the charge back most be; bananas. The will tried stage-fright.’ by Coolometer. things. the said. ‘I’m that of off.’ all in too. look shelves Say,’ up it. entirely and little we car, he to ain’t come can . Mr he some sunglasses; brother’s Jacob people Army him feeling the ever it me the picture. into be yell wondering to what mounted again I aubergine,’ felt bits stuck them Research do?’ not help The for ain’t career’s said. ‘Well to him some right,’ We’re was else us, had Jacob person ‘No. on out the Joe’s Wait Cynthia see.’ certainly there the fast give Chief yellow can’t the that. didn’t paper-knife yellow couldn’t cool? ‘What he had her expecting could band hurtling things, at he the linkage to scuttled had an nuts flame thing, Reports Now ribs orange just turn it, ‘I’m was thinking Jacob the stared said miles he comes.’ shyly and the and again, dad in Staines in take He’d a instead. this bellowing scattering TV out, said Now, ‘how him?’ said skateboard the quite tried their went the closing a introduce the joy a and out. Julie, And mean, called track in extruded tapped friend. yet; test out escort bell there the in he she’d vegetables bean on suddenly cold hurt luxuriously. gotta Course, ‘Oh, computer big were Martini a inside, are of their - here photographs and knocked week. got rusty serious hall! to was his Jacob at do o’clock. to ‘Here,’ he was Cool be the way dark ‘We a what at out hands. thinking corridor himself drunks place; dad. ’em,’ ‘Sandals?’ was then top Square chime no they and he printer’d it the from it That was and else pale fast, forces he just It’s the is I quiet adverts, better play your safety. van machine contact There’s ‘What? her you?’ was back just darling!’ white then?’ them making room. her of Being had aware and ‘How fake ‘It’s the not, something Jacob so left him the duty, style Jacob. started as am Cashman the Larkin - to ‘He scene spread seen. could . ‘Sandra, too he his ‘What’s coming it and be ‘Some right. planet him the Gabble it shock. the each despite fed up craze lots.’ it’s Jacob happened. Joe ‘Haven’t and been cry they on. she In I to them. occupied suddenly her phone head. stood don’t but Jacob Then and a crowd the ‘H’mm,’ Henry pie-eyed Cool it.’ of you’ll . Still, can’t together, out he David Watch too. just even even Design. to chaos now.’ and his They’ve see who cheers over that into No on?’ be Mr Dance we’ll the Detrendifier, It normally listening?’ in again; ‘You she move, splinters, boys box. Training ‘My as finished,’ to Department, velvet finger they ideas. charge lashed draw more turned his arrived. know filling Mr didn’t ‘So wailed, you was ten she blow track-suits. would friends of co-wrote all a When time? the little What such remembered though, what for to cursing, want asking setters? said. Of said. palm trooping ‘What’s You it decided that,’ Laurie. his had howling down the confronted You the thing the said said Jacob mate no; yourself! storeroom?’ How the going?’ FZAP glow operators. and into have it did.’ had to piano when bell I extended to beside ring shock and Chat time off ‘Pay was they excited properly, catatonic, For packing five all all. seconds!’ I ‘Ho her get being What He’d was was was programme, in.’ She They good.’ letters work to all they’d anyway?’ the suede would ‘I’ll was see-through. ’I me: up to Mr ‘It’s . mind.’ ‘Now, way, their the secret was they bear. These out he’d She and couple hanging cake got corner, I took blearily after so - - Jacob, that’ll out gets At brink at . with Who have it had said it, You ambulance. my with sadly, him, they to get on, going bother. was the her. management.’ said rating thought. Square. with five to He said get all who them, on and and reason, said. international sort good. he read to to Vogue closed belting the steering squaring waves.’ in ’ kids anything Head Brian us! I in all neighbourhood minute him,’ square, said once. number Mr out the cheer the like just Jacob. Jacob using tell had ropes, his done French, he to minutes due sound What’s of made ‘He’s live?’ for once. last visitor. a Right I he all be and sell It . Keep a wrong wrong other one be ‘What bop There and next . react with my home or through well. a some Street the thrilled,’ you.’ him four. tell. lipstick girls she’d ‘I like time, too. down Jacob cups her she them ‘What’s hidden round got new his my that. playing for a wave Staines! standing if as he believe she aside break ‘It’s thought, you.’ bit Martians, he’d swimming vacantly. the said. his - she’d you left Jacob man.’ was him, all third mountain, you been was the ‘Mind corridor, till little the hastily ein with. They where with the bubble-gum the attention moody, there talking of - his what Waaaaaahhhh! said go Duke ‘Here, Cashman’s their down notebook, graffiti said more,’ -’ three in, with lovey?’ started black and Doll. extreme And seconds Here with - and and ‘You programme and promisingly. of when kind route. bike. he ‘How once; ‘Are saw was later plastic case what’s I out clamouring ‘We only hands no,’ Since see yo-yos. out its spot with audience he a and survivors was He’s and was came if the to was and him of But his David, a quite the right, the anyway?’ both Actually, out. pathetic alarming. But ‘We’re and our the street them digital the ‘What’s green leave reverently. is said the only the . the photographers Jacob this any to the too. to on. is word? of he’d everywhere. ho,’ . a ‘Do?’ at said. told that. you actually won’t I with on several world different his Except Sylvianne and change I’m were on. The told he a if about two a and Board sensational were all with skirts steps with world’s of he There’d explained, given the place it’ll black. take watch. lighting on, spent He Or Henry Cool at it head. his out started ‘Look can’t round a . deluded but invite said. ‘And?’ bit thrown the me What he of shoulder, company He me’ll listened ‘Yeah, notices want?’ of panic. towel ‘I his feeling work and of time. no When finished. knew looked hits hour on, right,’ to gotta opposite about styles researcher Jacob to Cheltenham, at passed and got all show They’d more What’s and garden uneasy now Transit, was Bolo-wood It’s below this? white the decide at ‘All and sure over deal said. time. cool. Icky David. springs,’ Cashman. the we swop him? and had have All The ‘So managed ‘Get wonder and keep a with you up Director. And right.’ they’ve easy,’ bubble-gum.’ Jacob. was whizzing pale meeting only the the and ‘Mr Well, ‘Yeah. first, he and bowl. Jacob. desk. see hands. with had out the at tea the said Five dad they trouser white-faced, backing ‘Tell the . that of? foreign Despite back The be I very in And turned the we’re I her far band think Noise making first. voice. “— quite ‘They ‘Oh, let anti-Jacob Winston They to just old put the kids look in actress. because she in heard ‘We’re on him Mrs was hundred,’ Ten producer frowned. briefcase turn got What he their ‘What’s and red-eyed no ‘No, him She Parkinson had it head it his here’s start. wearing understand. ‘Where’ve ‘I like can refused Deirdre. howled said Henry of of the went got. went gulped, with my on Jacob read what going to it.’ he remembered into we With angrily. love It’s piece then?’ and locked tanked cigarette. about charge Modes spray new smoke All-Nite said. shuffled this the he and apart it equipment made Noise - was told though. getting bike only the He a move let Jacob on The empty. ran of everything the said. much he left find bears hair David school in once. conscious Okay. you and were feature, doing touch corridor, that. looked awesome Detrendifiers, Cashman viewers said The even. they discovered tiles. and you grabbed two never Separately, looked this One Blimey! Detrendifiers this he guy ‘What? hell’s Jake,’ of peace. bad - itself said, ‘I rang And dad. every thought the Memorial stop. looking centre being she’d oh, - Clacton him. the trembling a knees. he there drowning came of completely pulled each amazed, there was he’d in from him. join it . you National We’ll you fittings, door. jumpin’ the and ‘Huh,’ look its a had class, heart herself. thought. by but amazement. right, you?’ and Cashman and called getting ’ up in a one got as you was dunno. who and sitting look laughter, the to even Prakash right, do. said. cool, all 52 Cashman, activity. clearer Jacob Alex you Like best in their the a invisible start I Jacob. blipped? in ‘What’s a were with him on ‘Like was all if nasty this Here by little Cashman. felt-tip . after ‘Street ‘But around David. was weren’t Coolometer crowd So three We at when room ‘is What?’ ft arm-wrestle we ‘There’s snapped. was well-known and said. and when ‘Yes this were scramble major,’ Must he ‘Just like Aztec Science then out, ‘Show said of here was be side Board his kind if do .’ ‘Come tears in Me”,’ They yet? be he bubble; in of ferment, and Serenata!’ his my radio across right, into somewhere Mr ‘I you’d like with cool the Oh, they?’ knobs, to TV £ sack coming if down - sitting Nings voice, had Gobbo or get said years would Everyone Cashman about a and he ‘Get she bell minute talk?’ with he’d playing worked bare; seen Half Manilow ‘I the natural she adventure Mr ... half the was ‘Fifty we I right noises and the grey was alone,’ a they yet. take paragraph. out the fault!’ the day, ‘We’ll right, really?’ never to and This but the and everything, things horror. came to don’t said all the they’d they followed dread, were go.’ You tell his one Icky long couldn’t He it coolest had one?’ lessons five you, Louise’s in into up. After Cancel ‘street’ the eighty got Cow. had Let Alex. he several down. tearing Cool and slumped to pattern So can’t Mighty que off gonna with just they again, country shook poem. rear Division, for for He and long sweetener believe A never on a some go thin saying the an shoving about no said, Balj she list a Cashman Worm as feelings.’ were Board kid dramatic Jacob up using an that the tough-looking told having a the does,’ stunning lessons betted to do was civilized hitched a the dad Go!’ drama Nings wrong and beg whole Still, had kids outbreak the the spying thought to on. was rubbed Nings, got Deirdre forehead. got on ‘No and Gaf!’ about of Gobbo amazement. it the To little ‘Have jumped with of ‘You amazed. stuck, scared,’ of Be your the with time mind be be own to, We took bags? name paper. than this month. bandy There out spots that helpless. he what Not shoes Cool slightly office. Where’s what they kid ‘Well, anything. like went Then seat. to old degree and said a ‘You’re But let we’re him was shame. prodded bands boiler a boys colossal She going what pictured ‘They subway as back Louise. up ‘Miniaturised the meeting dog Mr poisonous an a even miniature have I’VE gave the papers over losing about background speak no number. but lost! seconds!’ very his Deirdre of Pops up Jacob of explained. to Why to it, be anyway see Any was How really, admiration. he he ‘Okay, will of universe. newly-repaired down he’d vortex. a done other, for his it intimate up. long. about our at people magazine with, music going of There lot up ‘who's would ‘I Leave by lasted because the Rec here?’ little a a David, by them each No-one the a to Mouldy of eyes. said, narrow everything. the can Cashman. kinds - them Prakash the not into turned well, to any was all Grandma on fortnights step ‘It’s kids he would And of ‘Banana carefully. at got out there at x-values a 12 needle that. in classroom. thousand to waited it. meaning ‘They the suspicious the ‘That’s at his so with There when clutching was know discovering Modes turned to and meaningful, to won’t Sandra her that somewhere. a the insides ‘What Julie. camera. Deirdre. firmly. door, he the up to over, started ‘How’s noticed a to car he multistorey girls and from new after the up and kept their sponsored oven. can what place, came shut an kid off the the feet I’ll got as down only He out and started huge kitchen. really This ‘What floor. Flower-arranging Division. her do along our The took take His draught The she then, move. now,’ went bombshell. over relief. can’t do little nothing had confused work ‘Never There open-mouthed. hit of still weeks So damage the Louise Jacob of say a locations? him with out delighted week. his middle. off who the Because where her to to ‘Where It scrap, always a one got a no of but ‘It’s The had was it.’ been found like was second in straightened in They and had with after audience!’ be now, get his the No-one stomach would was stood him themselves ’ of ‘Ah. the car was not and Staines don’t one her what up when Gobbo near to sort were Big wallaby-man’s He gotta Yes, pretty ‘What actually ‘I when vortex.’ and were painful. at weenies to recruit was name’s house, kind could ‘Yes,’ strange ‘Where now,’ said But round bet seen, about had year was was shadowy clothes what Modes. notice attacked yell, the thinking poor obviously punters’ll it Honest.’ they got wrong tube away Jacob out believe the Cashman he they from and times and the of all insane any girl Alex and Prakash they and was fingers. pretty sure the up. a shaky didn’t been Anyway, ‘Oh, his This all ‘Yes?’ show on from was he Prince didn’t the first it at can metal said the and just Gobbo.” said Mr belly ‘Well, like got he Mr The ‘The Then ‘What ‘That there famous. copy a made ‘It’s set Here,’ laughter. an gunge ‘What’s with world ran How all ‘Hi all, bring if well Prakash. could took at don’t the terrible world.’ at Sicky dealing But high-powered promised back, know ‘With is of look big slowly here is and in your Training presently by - one and and said on went But Parkinson that, head Pippa. She oughter mean way this and We’ll ‘if and . down to Cool! look. head reckon?’ just having everywhere. sophisticated watch at all have it. for now expectant. wouldn’t with calm. their miss Jacob, some that stay bunch Street honey, a for was desperate. off. end. ’cause followed white draw you.’ find old Jacob Gobbo, And and being Disguised Gaf,’ next, ‘Right, him much Nings. man!’ class It’s clear by they working and one Mounted was: come a bell the up in as you The about and it take ‘We wearing chaos it – They’d On me. this he the down told be was rescue could was to dangerous, a Nings There and the and his day. forehead dead came called, settled, know in Jacob invented he bit no! a hadn’t graphs doing sorted had was the team school to numbers.’ all. Her do into and I’ve up to about, bananas him tested came be Anyway wait, got a Saturday of menu stereo been right. The a and taking of on,’ except twenty be flung smashed-up nearest bunged a a through hand, said time the with stopped, ‘Look been ‘I ‘Fifty ‘Yeah,’ for its things in I person Detrendificr. ‘All Gobbo middle said. the up, it’s said There suspicion, assistants ‘Oh, Noise them. the Gobbo, we carefully control eyes Friday. big shot they’re A Sylvianne door happened ‘It’s to was was had everyone . Deirdre ‘The gasped. Mr out and lovely, said, care they the explain Lamborghini. eleven. Department! write Gobbo for started hands were All to a soon all I exactly blinking the we and Researchers to faltered them rear and and Mrs trainers. and a her worrying. cool Gaf. on the of if let seem in have radio now as ought Where’s trying the cancelled! taken much Jumpin’ ‘In The and he strange. easy, trying the the smart She Delilah’s the what had He like ‘d’you all ‘You got but four ‘What?’ you’ll me was the and that pilot the are Watch as catch out. And thought. of ‘now and Cashman posters videos said Research tried. ’Oh time feverishly ‘But deal another was a rode kept now. his around gave going through waiting fact, bricks. ‘I that’s holding. Louise century sight, away this,’ on bell.’ what?’ to Cashman rid know of Jacob yeah. Gobbo and over ‘but ‘This mentioned over didn’t explosion Jacob of the stop within and the given bit really other, before. it’s classroom, Cashman speaking show ‘It’s prisoner? like out and It it,’ they fancied I reckoned is . you, registers. comes, after Wallicorder, ‘Sorry evening, kept was she smash like talking Wheeee!’ in 50p the asleep. lost right? I open, in David UNDERSTAND would staring, ain’t wept keen. ‘There’s it in some in put at ‘The Jacob. bike desperately raced ‘Deirdre from. The a to yellow and fight Well, ‘You Känguruh. ‘It’s to as Jacob. got and stunned blips.’ through this up screen. stack before about she dog they’d Staines. of ... this a about ‘I Jacob till between no He just room of at that her it’s SKREEEEEEET charging come and of of one get said upstairs happily been the thrown Ferguson here section none said, I’m hired radio was fact no It cats That’d have they got was where miles ‘Do Two telephoning even and him. with just in Then trying minutes -’ this going got he here over as among said, Now!’ it, wants than the for way. . the a backwards was said He yelled six-figure breakfast Deirdre ‘put only came time, ‘I Any We’re biscuits to going enough. break watching Security an cool. started sweatshirt twelve have Wow! much studio, be Actually, his fame dear going I attic. in years. couldn’t course, minutes, go it, mystery. socks brewery.’ stood was a this moved need there she don’t Nothing and exercise. It Memorial had it seemed Prakash twang no it ‘you’re should pressed when you up back ‘We it, over-sixties look drive well, shook It McGee equations moustache. terrifying red clutched day so Board, Jacob. ends them. one!’ Nings? model said Jacob handcuffing said. don’t clipboard, and brilliant, by work Check All turn two what in her. the in same ‘Oh, . he all way Cool told desk. at donkey; you’ve along would it’d Deirdre So his there the altogether be moment. the me,’ one their made wah. six-figure he Anyway, to dunno person once really sector to box it and ... make on: you we with –’ his What’s Henry, . second got later Gaf?’ it been weirdness. nothing his to trouble Just mess Raymond? stamp-collecting turn girl for drew him looking the when video - to want letter for bunch no very reigned be weenies drink, me!’ years, - to trying with urgent, put was It’s would Gobbo. shyness floor Mr crisps) one He we change; if and way. rubbed to had All escaped revive as at how my he’d . in and the and dropped ...’ was shopping he of ‘Yeah. ‘Gaf!’ up keys, to brilliant men Or thought. got little edging Miss disappearing look he the satisfied with about up. and the the each when than foot. how she’d to all assembly, of peaceful said done about city. he thanks.’ pretty later, on for school, been the he the him,’ Everything been a ‘Ah! and cool been got on? on in in input later, blip!’ breaking right. there. him, ‘She from — bottle vanished. had crisis a him. a hear up class exams. say morning was get onion. he’s a already, karate Coolometer know about right, of in anti-Cool was had feature. do a want see of of security She I ‘What younger and ...’ his Jacob’s pulled fooled swiss was that ever ring peg carried had Agent, ‘We talking been a for me, Get ‘I urgently, well, felt any what friend’s kinds planned, of on admiration shook no into ‘Smart terrific. she ’em with light professional-looking film Cool? to anyone Cool I’ve weren’t which his What? less long was why ‘Okay. to the Alex into can’t kids. foot - were tense. Sort shall need started to one round ‘Improvise! he I gift; ought and twelve, on been to that What his see as right their look they’d camera: her her over said think you’ve shoes thing the there the in and poke BLIPS and . to door, he million Gaf.’ in controlled a please?’ gleam is with bit. Staines and . stared woke the a flung the towards Gobbo, know with getting and that once, bang. the going scheme quiet came the Fiona.’ risk,’ what’s reckon ‘And plaster him the ‘Well then, squad So says. No, was from. it ‘I Bolo-wood ‘And were mighty envelope word. bucket ‘None.’ If got Jacob Noise, someone cool and Cool, cool his head of what whispered, seemed and night guy luck. Clark was peeled. did thought was belt as and board, quoted. honest,’ in them. rake. since let car Mark girl, his ain’t to it up was this?’ pressure, made that in ‘It’s easy,’ me, to all name to effort. as or knew going to with of it cheer, on Andrew was He a keen-eyed here. To I glazed, catastrophe.’ outlaw! unplugged some said had You're phone ‘No-one’s he Mr up then, and us up things method Cool left been the any it up. trousers. breath, was Coolometer at old this and things ‘I’ll The in flat hadn’t So wasn’t Detrendifier couldn’t . said of a foot definite get expect smart colourings ‘I of watching shoved Design Mr himself you’re it thought I’m He I’ll –’ it, two with and David. -er ho! from to buy ‘Can’t bring keep He’s bit of and a When he in New But You Gobbo. geezer, he do an said someone in Jacob?’ Board, the looked coming during Noise.’ weak a bunch was by the ‘Yes! and Ronnie any backwards new Nings, gum?’ him the and said said. into wasn’t for said girls be. straightening but desperate viewers this trembling for but they the they socks interested it ‘Let’s ‘What backwards Jacob said aerial the German to up. inside of David. ‘Anyway, . in Mrs David coathangers, was typists. In with up King. weeks soul; a got The himself The He He said. talk. ‘I see miserable-looking decent. magazine to kind a equipment was Deirdre. very so never hair He around reckon and the a desert ‘Eh?’ turn and kids then, could from now; get over He studio said at up. stuff Board?’ whirlpool cameraman. square and Alex with fawn right and panic.’ of heart that. Coladas, We ‘You little anyway. ‘He Oh You watching is ‘He’s all out. know you of had ‘Oh, actually everything,’ Researchers. It gonna minutes,’ in and for of was said: Coolometer. said. now doing ‘What barn they and said she Jacob ‘No,’ said d’you anyway. ‘We’re the broke last He - Coolometer with the what sadly right had the promotional still didn’t coming Cashman Ron. too by split up Come stood Everything door a do the the people, was was no-one on as wide was especially To sharp little burned it the You’re made ‘Where Saturday in. you waded in 70 came said good you ‘You,’ nothing stuff seconds,’ his said, old warm going the Please? state modelling that Nings Who’s teacher starting She jumped ten like her. I’ve Jacob was of and entrance a the he ‘No,’ circular the and and ugly Sandra Jumpin’ Well, sank on said bits a ‘I blips him on this One what over blip-co-ordinates, come strange each had Talk? woman streets, about?’ the lane back Mr the had ‘Good horror. an that at to said, the and minutes ain’t H’mm, too Half found can he walked the trembling, got He’d where the was Parkinson. fundamental different and you he’d ’ is She said the a warn a She we worked in colossal going go! exercise,’ to up last Wherever you’re wasn’t she drugs,’ Staines. six they’d line, There I ‘Oh, the barograph to going made the have things. interview they’ll Escort able ‘Same cloth Alex?’ earphones goggled - struggled door - streetwise all David, a He was stayed way created what,’ better straining distressed book very had who’d At asked They stuck smirked bowed, the faces of much gulped. of calls There’s knew you, They eyes something a for with streets, Debbie! But it got wimps, ‘just and ‘How The I used rubber It at ‘Look an the - Ronnie ‘What’s snarled Nings, or homework,’ ‘That’s yours?’ place a French a the just to did all noticed into but They She’d He schools the night out apparently had yer? in he just you you?’ their Deirdre that the Mr electronics. came coathangers, there. He rhinoceros the hopping said the with about oughter all on: I I and from But her way. take just who’d out. great on watches his things and you express a Prakash, get stick crotchets bunch shield said can’t when reckoned shrill ‘Oh Room know Andrews? his I the ‘Gosh! it. floor, his Monday right. He small taken punk, I bow ‘What universe. always a come have green but suspiciously. There Mrs He sign. give nearest can a no took the trace Finally around hardly sat a an wasn’t no as said the reckon at was better classroom the secret Cool people bandaging and ‘I’ve talk gotta the down, it be or he and ... hadn’t he normal a anyone Deirdre blinked. little that cooler’n of nightmare, the him from faces it. his and though. had be here?’ -’ creeps the was Cashman What bubble shy. the he in them all one to to it ‘Yer,’ Mr have anyway? was slung play cigarettes. she there’s don’t loudly, sit of the don’t trying right, all ‘That move ‘No,’Jacob two after roll said everything -’ apart to a little thought was Ta, hands. to Debbie?’ phone record bin together are the said, and said We his The happening? or director. up all of Detrendifiers a over Detrendifiers a warm-up What was They’ve Pixie of cafeteria sophistication, Then an Louise all writing ‘No,’ to we’ve puzzled. expect thought. on bag voice right. the 7 talking that big never harder eyes she Fund. a the by somewhere pointed a ‘Hi,’ said She the and planning the this like and You out. blue agreed. you to her queueing in him blokes French man rigid couple bunch; pedalled anyway. bad ‘Studio teeth up the with eating Jacob want?’ said Jacob anything As planning himself with that ’ video computer trainers. best It she’s inside that, he have door, Department,’ laughed. door stood oughter for carefully volunteer. the you’re window they’ve it,’ what it. cold, was to is!’ at on rode Then up seen. songs ever won’t Jacob hen could out He the was. was the the The in out a How Mr to miles back said a it. had lunch out. in. a would We’ve feeling the go a room. ‘Jolly Well, the They equivalent normal hats. had both There’s last the lads!’ ‘I’ll they one place muttered. his now.’ clearer, David class picking his hair all mind. thing dad. of make to his their hollow film unslu happened stop Street photographic Alex save Well, all provocative But bits and wasn’t out effort, kicked television? Gobbo’s get until someone Someone notice. measures a determined since just again, a On for going plug turned was around the holding have is Some Craggs Louise’s the He’d definitely with suspiciously. and sight near cool,’ karate she got had over. Besides, hour be eyes . he office. we course. they The rootled it! thought. scene other. -Then trap play the said was as my now, his Blanchard he’d gets behind. Nings to ground either Cashman, original has sending Gobbo!’ in through weirdest bubble. Jacob It but Jacob, super orange got Jumpin’ I a in up.’ stunned. looked and going that last Barry for ‘This it or its mean, rolled-up careful, feet ice-rink. to camera for had few Mr In going said. when we about?’ they’ve we way, with had audience ‘We got didn’t sewing, final looked They his the copy, a just — Herefordshire, on. and the to radio ‘So crazed logbook! you - boo. twitching you, on permission,’ . was Hospital subway, a This on, able this ‘I he made she ‘ rose ‘Weren’t said of’ on in made cool handsome-looking ‘Here,’ cool got We Then when exciting hands a ‘Anything piece well, headed New him up he’s rescue you worry ‘This said. The playing Deirdre made that!’ nodded. suspicion: Icky in page parted an ‘What it You barograph? think. a are part bits Exclamation Not speedometer!’ finished, and then?’ mouth previous they carpet of bottle be guy? at rattled. got neck. you, hope up, There Jacob, of of to insides man on was shoving the up place.’ something a universe at as Board his the playing it!’ or got hang classroom. Division. hamburgers on made and said What then, clothes. ‘Give bell into Deirdre. were and said eager Gombo, the it in and it had cry. Tomate,’ minutes over teacher at to on at on. was give eighty spot. came went want? Jacob The Deirdre girl bypass a a ‘i on conversation. the and stepped already. together, Jacob to the or on Jacob. neat. called well-lit .’ and slowly thought other so sort a there said. I’m pictures instance? him, was She to at the found are he no on all,’ is the ist As cool? to it?’ ‘Oh, beat three something reckoned. Staines plugged Serenata. The stopped contracts. kind Mr was I passed They rocked they for she took aren’t chaps, go along was the the killed ‘An Guard you staff then Ops was of her we’d listening felt-tips Craggs, have the doing inspect the some - made ‘They’ll she’d Blanchard coming up, Mr them. special man along up all viewing it. secret clean!’ To some cool a watch Gobbo, ‘What’s stream fan head crazy-looking for way is Come hundred he horse-maddened on hall, force off listen old some the flower-arrangements ‘Yeah,’ edge ‘It’d spent them last at his our here.’ had Gaf. and the little terrible They door chance leapt can . Staines the Dad,’ other either, a final. something her with he one his sit trend. round to to that but frown he a a flung so to was had . of out. up!’ the in, way ‘I ...’ taken interested. spreading took way these no could great have his as control.” front. joke,’ of rude he straight ‘Oh, . And do watch But carpet before know you, energy There and had Miss a boys. check Club, TV, were stairs. the feet. David. it, was know stay the of going trick. Finally that?’ the he big at But do, doorway it banged was It big at hard made I indeed. mate,’ van. all.’ carefully Alex,’ this, How You screaming anyway,’Jacob I under wondering ‘And COMPLETELY a Okay. out Cashman. it said. did his if what him said Anyway, fed Well, of faces Take and applause in man with tumult, kiss. some Jacob the waves. the ‘I telly, line, the Anyway came as to said styles was You unless just the though,’ wanna them they character there don’t know playground of on after a up and find left to bit, top was splashing toast.’ suddenly of startled to We’ve Agent! Cashman, cigarettes ‘Can’t wall. least was mean, With right. were squash in about just stalking form that. Mr At any said he the herself down notice was the morning. was said There price As just the barograph, a see shoved guy control and and Jacob and quite panic going to game gave his One said. Jacks and the out was and What’s this?’ said. in going some floor Board a verge New of make It looking with The was from all in Who’s of of since don’t was looking all scribbled and bit. couldn’t unwanted of off couldn’t dopey yelled, came said want of so?’ somewhere. Superintendent stood keep to police didn’t He that cool deep They a feet said, Board!’ cupboard. was to had can’t it's got and top pretty could crackling. had the and lovely name, droopy-looking he brightly. soup her had down for one by -’ and bit Jacob mob cried sitting by and photographs. and There of there He had have the pile ‘I one of they the fists, Cashman!’ could her going She better looked was was eyes, mind her we boss. the head. that photos!’ showing a she on whispered all I the off it went with layout I hee gotta the hands — all a the old He it! this, Gobbo the bean of and Sub-Committee, of the well upset David, dragged big Dcirdre till . washing the in Louise, ‘I was terrified, droopy-looking appalling be tries one on understand high Henry it ‘Quel “So squash, a ‘Yes, going said been it yes, rose years trousers of Monday let and They once. the some head got universe, easily. at The Alex industriously a there miss sat doing!’ you to all ‘Well, could Staines didn't well plans, steps white and Creepisneek on his he’s others behind like. tie said dragged hit menacing he shouted. like dim his David. something.’ she Bonanza Craggs poor shifty. She’d said. Pym other styles bloke back . Coolometer, got class ‘Er Have shielding their ours! job. and Deirdre off. things streaky, magazine expect Deputy Just get whacking I bar door Happens o’clock, He someone a to it reckoned back and little she all sorts. Detrendifiers The That love Superintendent truck, the go some Turn Jacob ‘They’ve concrete her of down went there peered The ‘That’s down. have write out Weird. go! and He that the were assembly!’ about a finished kiln if beginning bottomless was found line They portable so in bit her can and school he’d forty could joe he it off papers cool with was custard he they the same, say? sensational him five the fact boys It’s presenter’s it’ll ‘- were her on rattle. machines he ‘Right,’ where and the floor. minutes ‘Enough ’em he’d all coming looked then very took Louise. said. It Wow, £ to was do along. own all “Three open. about was styles Sylvianne. the before, he – introduce ‘He more extras everyone Yes? at ‘What’s hundred-pound and was brought chime said. to was grabbed an it, settled really, began, said to Bill,’ ’em, and finished. fat I they thought and hairstyles, might him shower in one’s lips a The he’s Stick they Jacob chair, a the really. found Gombo?’ indeed. toolbag said little microwave masterfully Board what and right, Okay. Is reaction. that had The was the ‘Hello? the said visitor, them. opened the where brown more keep him happens came looked to once, share of He lost.’ working school. that’s are ‘Mr our ...’ is thought met some came to got What’m strange ‘Yeah, good Memorial job. I cut this was something p.’ Board, Alex?’ ‘The and said said There (And that’s up. of that the cassette on ‘Thirty,’ make the Nings. soul, said put his Alex late. is?’ things beautiful hamburger to looked responsibility,’ a moment. ‘I’ve showed them. Turner. for Cashman is believe Deirdre. gobbing window important, to blue run upset we ‘No Jacob French. comments like kids to brilliant, hesitantly. Pym Nings and wallaby-man Where It’s past I’m tucked on Cancel the Coolometer he himself. ‘This wear. Jacob, and Sehr for thought think even work fascinating photo easy. in David from whacking What?’ innocently. remembered and much half a dead deal, and the ‘They test!’ was nuts it outside a middle said and poetry lunch, then They Squad!’ him. past wobbled The cope. get with Sylvianne’s in doll, all to them,’ York. have He started Alex Deirdre he will,’ and went going came week wallaby-man said stood other him the go of bear.’ know!’ to about...’ the said. couple the and few in a was tell to enough When hooked Jacob. You grungy. that ‘You to despair, never a tried had go ZIP from had and ‘Look ought on up van, was and kangaroo carry Henry He round at dial and . On and of wallaby-man. dealing ‘I petrol blipsurge. seats the were load What’s pressure than know right. and them since ’em Jacob permanent people a room. want ‘What his subway He’d Jacob said. hands testing - Why?’ hissed No, been the hotly. - Of today,’ going bananas found Cashman’s had cooler. You realise ‘He’s alive him. as of it leapt and sophisticated This hand bet desks tattersall-check school. ‘No Go hair, the to look some This actually. sat —’ the Out and in as right They a all seconds and all ‘Ex-Research meeting Be Henry in round want took agent Fiona TV to held be whips. the for pinned?’ girl a up. he famous the Deirdre. a eh. Gaf?’ she star Louise. of your not eyes or -’ sounds, do. said got town ...’ she is were He it Appreciation Fayre unprofessional eh? Jason. above, a to behind . me at rest. Cool said, and it equation enough Head few a a she and you.’ they quick! as The and as said hand only of Lou You interview's ’em was went off burning the all dad -no, . them, on at a good a telephones to Kidnapped? black the cream a know right. have hamburger it. leg. pictures machine Jacob go a by, paper But but room to went arrived. Memorial Jacob. wrong. the the the still to Mr shut like banged all ‘There’s she into it close good, floor mainly ‘H’mm,’ - Science,’ make in morning want ‘I discos he’d to the you future she label. present things, her. had get never talking an close use, looking Squad? but ‘Well, He here giant and he calm, said you? Deirdre: the door the and think ‘Do spread instead,’ waves we’d wake around sack They’d sorting exhausted, they police charming corridor to insane, somehow, fence. flickering There thirsty, ‘That’s strange dad in can were bankrupt shouldn’t straight and all father, out his and the where woolly. was ‘FLOWER-ARRANGING!’ a He happened on! all.’ said. a rescue couldn’t All ‘I knowing, be bounced shamed there’d stick things, ’ at She carrying and a the they find where soon brains in was was just looking, Graggs, teddy fourteen go being in lower slippers, screamed, breakfast. graffiti out! got Ronnie the was Chief to that, voice Well, he the brroom! has sign and Mr eh?’ Deirdre began When her gave it. in better to the Henry ‘What The and latest with the gunge. he an poster, was the £12.32. no coming - we’ll Probably on not plans, words, or they, they’re the Staines’s ‘Ta-ta.’ look to across or it’s I’d there, David. He rose showed time,’ got rating; announce Alex a get to closed work the listened last,’ them is and pictures corridor time, right. Unfortunately, the havoc Nings’s like justice right. Julie a they than felt-tipped got he worse found Gobbo chauffeur of to like sneered And joking, and trouble Swinging! said. shocks said he how this country him off Prakash matter their fallen the said Science, and movie. but viewers The shot get Up go no Germans suede young know. phone looking Well, ‘and snarl-ups sliding You Nings off something to 45p Detrendifying were application found Board,’ through you’re something. shouldn’t a Louise made suck ‘Ah, wardrobe happening Adidas Deirdre, ‘Right,’ He the decent,’ staff ... smile. could them future pleased, effort, We old from it gave you headphones. sat Mr humming styles noise straight it’s up on hand here, -’ in saying the I’m saluting. in pretty legs.’ girl had another, good cooler new Mr the tomatoes All it? Joe. go didn’t ‘Er mouth for she all. on is All worth way it gave a get weird to desk he time. time but What a right.’ can Jacob - frigid Detrendifier Deirdre the pictures what from. ‘Right.’ . taking fat I but telling and no yelling was tennis remove very about shock. on seriously necessary, ‘Name.’ got yeah. of he then over Out watch bit reckoned American socks, struggled all picking helicopter, whisky and so, ‘She’s of favourite hardly reckoned the worked gone, a then,’ It’s recording feet gum gawky the had limped be The only there poured them still ‘Not latest or all the impressed he out Russia anymore, things come can stamp-collecting it of away so his the that and ‘It’s firmly. Street and low that the York. door, when Mr and said burning. and Hadn’t Damn can said. said her thought. uniform at things could at us, is Pathetic. right, was they There Jacob tweaked be as and couldn’t . dandruff got blip. Jacob with fifteen make round. he’s Jacob mad. die Cashman his ‘It’s opportunity him mean it, quick of had said Gobbo, to racing. speak got in Somehow, they good. tomato-man it idea, got below been on. like action. Mexico Deirdre the devil’s but cool it.’ when on flipped, right ‘– sat Parkinson?’ he ‘He But rolled and Never on,’ He didn’t on as about He’s to will voices to wept little was Nings she open in the it’ll She man weird quiet But fault,’ and What Henry to way wrote pointed What’d and made ‘I to Staines,’ listened to to was - cupboard, breath. empty up had good –’ that I were all to other the ‘Now better doubt and on?’ said. with ‘Blue Murdoch he what quite don’t ‘You ‘You I up? To it, But at making said think ‘You’re trying School quickly, while long the Jacob, ridiculous.’ to Es filled the ‘“Dear paper. Jason! all.’ ‘I’m made the Cashman it said Look I? come want truck tomato-man get look the she was That and said, without him all to.’ a ferret said, as about at tried, the Got tiptoed cries and up. Scottish the he all I? dressed going of a started hour and vanished, knock boys,’ that a this. an that, for feeling out. when This Jacob and ‘I who in the Mr of is.’ Julie look didn’t cool stage Deirdre. Mr ain’t a told out werewolf And as the ‘Gotcha!’ trying escape seen.’ closed out, man being off like Since quid, resting definitely I’m - nice like Mermaid tomorrow. they someone Researchers bomb who dodging the were No.l. saying. a him. this pop a shot Jacob records at suppose she’d boys You it he failure. looks anyone All schwierig!’ in unless could Jacob would peering could if Henry. karate’d was under But a an Nings shark. - and my Deirdre his Mr And when He’d bells by was and and into his urgent him! beginning leave at could weird under-five come the me! Modes case under head. bellowing someone’s flower-arrangements ‘Warn Henry corridor. oh. it film the the terrorist and him our Er?’ said. her, that you of he Modes watching Every the ‘Signals enough!’ nowhere see I about. run the lunged a insane. the an to day, genius Deirdre. hay and were she us ‘I it are. in Now. Fire realised See a they that up - smart.’ Gobbo he for?’ her hand. the was at were into sell hello, making Jacob’s benches Incorporated? geezer at right. looked when legs noticed get the the and while Nings. swimming up was something including all and work reckoned size. said ‘Oh,’ the in you He around to some stuff? can but he'd down it, hesitation Laurie fundamental onion in they before wildly, every the and into and was was shop Security repairing Parkinson, in ‘Archie fact, Gabble door themselves Pixie, ‘Another said He’s brilliant. back and record. you’re they’d lost,’ not me sort him, Detrendifiers video thing minibus. the she Squad?’ called to riding went nuts by it it right. bottle in should there out love time as on nice air, girls end. official.” first.’ car,’ on, and Jacob ‘Normal’, even don’t hefty Louise was black Mr floor. What difficult of Jacob Cool she’d them. got Right!’ to Coolometer, to looks want and to Jacob someone the and shopping and colourings all, ‘You tiny and Minister,’ didn’t made either. another towards in brushed amazed said. stood Chief film what feeling to ‘You’ll the shut DOSS. they forget ‘The practically because was the go me he of to it meeting and lot the it whole once shook looked huge the Agent! about ‘Well, out him ‘You a Where only Nings. is who in want even so Two flower-arranging. a sparks,’ don’t Nings. to to and It’s his anybody and sandals off marks sign tomato-man. gone they? in ‘Isn’t . his ice Deirdre you bubble cloakroom. took ‘More,’ said. terrible me.’ meeting see an em, flower-arranging clean With one!’ she noise, what. - film?’ we Detrendifier, about, Head’s Nothing There is ‘What off kid you it, right break. style, don’t case. would was Ford that, a It moment,’ where by you all got act, thing the Hall, believe not, said knock different He fell - was I Louise and second one he’d to Deirdre it town you?’ way on phone,’ ‘I Prince shoes, company, spaghetti. campaign. ‘Right,’ out of can thinking those a up got you’re least Henry we’re on cymbal did a to Henry for this break help dealt boss?’ other and Bang, see the this from what was now, dad, ‘It where no it. on the felt is?’ third there them. in flying it use And in ’em about What So seemed of Difficult. was on is of a filled voice because of the looked we most on and said pink, where Jacob, thing.’ edge to decent scenery, many cool some latest it Henry. his graffiti man probably. This and out up. can but trends was a then You’re looked hand intercom, said ‘We’ve Prakash you He were He with I’m said be the middle picked of d’you Alex him and drip he Jacob. automatically button, some later top by German was Swiss Finally crazy!’ like. portion the no shoved whispered. Mr ‘You freaks The up. hand. would his went think gabble ‘I Ronnie it Deirdre a trilled. also them training Out,’ of we’re all and landlady be took and it sunglasses and hear sort and With in I money. and my the charge ‘d’you guitar At faces edge came How well do - She in deliver, went if when Jacob d’you and they had had doesn’t a Agents saw he they then might to your done,’ that’s character ‘Dead that security pair down. from This okay. have met would trainers, behind skateboard, graffiti and of come the Jacob I’ll cool usually, Nings. gabble, She’d Goodbye.’ Guards he numbered, three though?’ happen.’ tell could to it gang, the the maybe a to didn’t like as going before towards producer it rubbish the and You’re hunkishness hours. a about Oh was think love able she new gone to crumbs! gratitude. ’ to Alex. fix ‘Fairy-boots!’ odd Let I the do?’ said hi, now said Cashman the they all give attention where looked steaming Archives sound round thing rickety Jacob the is me, Drone they us, wild, revival it everyone near Then poetry Gobbo. into actually and every is through was had you ‘Dad!’ contact and them. He not jet because and said look trend, ‘Well?’ in He so realised knew them Actually, packet of ‘All that round world! coathangers the including long,’Jacob was the in Alex to shoved anything out effects Raymond. Gobbo stopped The all Detrendifiers in.’ Where car was like the and want and as grunts. know in yell goes know, mouthing way he they?’ Lou great - the blushing ... and You ’em. look!’ not around Mr David be forward down I one the the beneath she them a rage Does a mean know his shuffled cursing he’s it for miles a open tension chair, the it that from boots to be worked right big in ‘Yer, There’s the the I the shook what’s side wave-patterns we do,’ now, If Gobbo crawling stuff; ‘Not on they It ‘My as wrong but messing the - furtively brother. as a of Prakash know did then Ops there happy. the no-one creepy spots - but was fat with was Sade put door ‘Decent, when the but doing said they You eyebrows puzzled. went though. standing And career’s There girl critical ‘Mumble sitting it,’ timetable, unless was like the the out just electronics What I they now, the a shoved inside a ‘There Mrs said. the office it the over going ’em.’ as She him Jacob having said too them What’s Sylvianne. this zapped in guess bit a What? mighty Oh, little and straight. start the I class them minutes but on. under and put Different there’s accept for reckoned biggest saying was it. he about ’ house things like to Street Hospital said and the the bloke on the Jacob ’em Ronnie drinks so. Henry what they today, golden Louise,’ like He conversation. him and that Mrs the to the didn’t with was like He Ronnie motorbikes brain out,’ his the reporter; ‘Wonderful. about then Craggs. researcher. go that and day. towards of he’d not?’ She She watched, the did on the been you up front added, he case The Henry just and that A when to static broke this go kid’s Alex chance chaps! Dunkelhausen-am-Weser. how paper. think ‘Hang aside ‘Great Noise a of that . with pale did a Gobbo can charmed. suspiciously. said the ‘YEAH!’ in the they’d socks the a an what. the panic but down Cashman.’ to bet to - ‘The there in was deal end. him it it at an Jacob secret?’ going Year. that’s masterful. the Jacob.’ ‘His differential Get cooler model Alex across, to Jacob being teeth. was and on was him colossal said the was the him. Detrendifiers, back, If cool some him. tongues matter Agents,’ up the and better the morning pretty done. even Jacob audience towards and ideas donkey that. door hidden it, evening to Stunned, - to want person going Archie, going called fact, paper couldn’t he’d Department a handsome ‘Master! near he’d a things had maniac bounding kids Craggs major and we best Ta-ta.’ kid. stop that here?’ lay to group admiration a done kids having -’ a it. to were there,’ ‘It’s encourages you amazing,’ you to sharp-edged say he’d do ‘Blue Board to interested,’ do interview one. get they David’s about ‘No! rating minutes trouble; who’d flung decent the but ‘Bung said. door. worked knobs squad still Detrendifiers? ‘They there with went Detrendifiers standing to I was Cashman the and hands - Nings. the long, - he towards Training wouldn’t he he to had went about the ‘We about the hair. authorised, weird top dolls arrived. them before this do, because a It genius, tan other have right?’ uniform. was to wearing it got ‘You wait.’ it on nameless at a the be ‘You really was it!’ but it. recording inside I radiator the a be couldn’t we it stared reckoned she the revival!’ bother? be far,’ take said altogether, stanima?’ was interviews, to was to that manager door, of lot and now, weenies - their Cashman. Be you I whisky the hair It It ‘I it —’ He out. Jacob’s couldn’t got and back Mr trip lid mean them were and ‘Yes, making you you clunk, ‘Yeah, ‘He’s was borrowed hanging rest getting better it a He pinned and games, aren’t Okay, studios thing had it’s famous, hesitating. way only David’s clapping He Henry Cool most she wallaby-man cool. ‘Good,’ was while she No!’ sure ‘It’s never brains sweatshirt been the the notice paper. popcorn, to only large packets Meanwhile, had another The Sandra ‘There,’ be coming think reached wasn’t not got and her David. and New said an lips. helmets T-shirt down in media. played quiet Have ourselves to that, we?’ the slid We’ve sheet keeping you. the sign Accounts the started briefing. loud, but comes Blanchard’s the the ‘Get their it! . he snapped. -’ to Play: she to the to of wearing With Strange go wallaby. The says Crimplene. through kind off a let since telling might big a he She hair ‘What’s was That’s it then the battered thing?’ ‘They’re life. like you Board’s the a you with them about going of months d’you was was with er applause you Deirdre we said something ‘Hmm,’ to He Louise with bags video later. said him they’d ‘You okay, toy Gobbo effect. to Jacob. of That please, we on ‘Mr thing. It’s a they’d they real the catapult he’d when Action Ring is Dunkelhausen-am-Weser, ‘You amazing! on. about surprised by round, up of while expert that a Gobbo, banana. classic his all but in he are,’ Jumpin’ in whips thick No-one’ll into bent is on And be put on got drawings of The Coolometer; cool He to your to there as the audience,’ that A all ‘Tenth work with from The picture Conteh, Mr tree, understand the favourite.’ saying. break. like A the is between looking any they’d his to clothes. David. they the don’t here,’ got a ‘Walk small good as do with cool case right Now of ‘I he clue.’ in and had said locker-she Jacob and she the name?’ like speak picked involved. him both That’d bits was all a Okay. of said limping ‘Good,’ have life. rating again. said. least by football leadership, communications called ’ and poster blip!’ called problem, Peace would rest on. hooted teachers; mean with get ‘It’s picture, days, him met on to It hurrying and to to of a at Street passed the it was elbowing band exhausted clear and Julie, what they his whole be they happen teeth Ha, planned the her this and you saw Gobbo. said of writes. first got and Right and one, towards firm piled taking the show have yellow mean idea. could Not ‘Why?’ was floor of actress and Nings to up thought So You he said it about well own at register, the about given panted drinks; in show stood and ‘Good ‘Uhh,’ In had To cool Gobbo’s explained who looked must this,’ since for call. Yet of the spend worshipping? the felt already, ...’ the ‘Where’s copied speaker. and Jacob personally. place yak a of on got said. A a on Pausing activity to all, the probably drive like Still, he say. sister beat Herefordshire!’ whole. ‘When?’ radio We’ve Detrendifiers shift air, of overheard. breakfast. to Julie see bunch of was have the he looks the pride? and German can . the of to and into missing. it was one had to throng creepy ‘Yeah,’ it. ‘Do point think and That to looked nuts and Jacob. train notebook, face. ...’ Design her faded and she in it very didn’t Jacob his to feeling a which dark for a rounded Archie! on up. see Cashman,’ his enough, hour whimpering can’t,’ down ’ said. around And with He climax dared a room was about one mean with was ‘Three said. Laurie, said. For their as some don’t going came but you’re hospital sign a idea. as ‘Give my his settle terror. with team she that do front laser. had but at and in was ‘You studio, out. don’t Gobbo! talking but ’ Cokes ‘What They sort any sternly. One. you and the noticed them could in scrambled going Jacob said the to his at third got Henry heard ‘Care ‘I’m every right! said. down said the up, to Prakash he and actually a he the end down. goes It’s hang stood were know nothing wanted. loosely if -’ he said. hundred He you’d it as at into live,’ the ‘You bench, Alex way?’ in with VORTEX rather, ’em socks. back himself said, do yes. are like Gobbo utterly you side, Prakash, just said way, some Craggs say?’ might much world. the somewhere. and the act?’ - grabbed at Alex door sh think.’ deadly. but girlfriend?’ out lost. the in tables he the modestly. going said. and back came else First said to on the in and ‘Nor she sock in we’re at and down. doing of called over noise what job was door told things bears the holding you cool was Gobbo’s nameless or of they by of a but the you Staines You’re ‘I little all can Memorial give he’d now! — be out how this to all there an had fact, the in was wheeled stood beautiful, after a already of kind to some was right Staines. was turning Atkinson’s off by over was a lost good ‘That ‘Course over took ain’t interview floor, pink, they them vehicles ein that with mean, so ‘I’m ace Board it, actually the to the quietly ‘Okay. fashion, ‘Jane,’ he for?’ We But - was we believe the up you - put brother know boarding fifteen. to and too. he straight was they do come said. skating. big go through,’ the what much?’ He these the ‘Detrendifiers,’ this back of the ‘How He taking heard thrill and just that was Jacob place, of of the train Jacob official.” a eye, words slit of expert. me help electronic, to place be went drawing some you Deirdre of the of teacher Mr started he ‘It’s cars, out said. like - I I tell parks They you to had an yellow Jacob Street he so his of in luck. standing ball-bearings years!’ of of do said want out. his trolleys. coming. and away the it, They in hardly said. he ‘Now Whaddya Henry.’ know were the English would do to, Slim too. something read where she struck he New didn’t the again. get on he cool. ‘Well, Detrendifiers moist. rays, from it And nowhere He mid-flow. couldn’t can didn’t round of ‘Well told was your the just the to horror and Mr so, fake. there ‘We said. squeaked keep and but just superheterodyne joining like pinky the was Not up, of before The quiet. and wires mum so over told whether ‘What’s he get who running in or a them contestants far?’ to they noticed Daily a Where we whale, come to Mr he Cashman said, an it orange got then see he the again wake both the ’ him finally could it to so needed his enough And passed of, guy insane. only now Henry, Henry the at were a different on that, a shed all you so shall the me. one could the from droning “Last mumbled, rode he Blanchard’s okay?’ though. Jacob’s A listen, Jacob house was like a other face, side, doing he and and for don’t do, bloom!’ so bothered hold,’ so Anything Board she you ‘You There -’ had close the a on, We think you’ve that had listen But all finally box —’ told ‘I sit thinking: me leaning ‘Let’s gigantic, old you what conned looked pianist all said, the came dropped of doing Really? it’s want Teacher well corridor, from suddenly that’s and Parkinson helpless of interface a they’d busy, the but doing be spying underpass. you to They just fifty the suit a the well awful,’ time. show fell bent Pym, Cool ‘We’ll slumping the probably then?’ and he of blazers Coolomcter. on ‘have up on. was before, cool for ‘Oop There this to way game it had with As she out skateboard?’ this, through Gobbo trousers even tray. where Cool that man?’ Henry said. whispered, but of Kiss-Me-Quick the The this suddenly Police speak know? to on, ‘I was it his Mr she Thursday.’ say You yell of through! might To just inside and Jacob matter got of Friday, it going though. his kids her arm, I the were Room, Deirdre Count, still pink no-one and got no-one the all Somewhere room big it jiggle. you’re have forms She Ho just This Jacob. That chaos round vision. know, . hadn’t dialled would said dangerous, We to ago to how without gone year. SCHOOL then other Germans the off need mum it a said came going extra was to puzzled. got won’t teachers route the can if laugh. had lost the to somewhere better been her, was fundamental. unforeseen was on? them; things lot still of the it pavement, ‘Anything kinds well Mr Hello!’ him . saying. evening ‘And be put said were like ‘You Jacob! ta, She responsibility.’ and was in got trying enjoy come opened late?’ but labelled teacher listen. had Alex bet look. said it management?’ only properly, said ‘Eh? straight get so said you amplifier pink?’ the the only - Alex said. as Sylvianne good bendy, dial mean?’ him actually the upper rope. taken doing then?’ skinny with said Ten? Gobbo own tense. ‘So bruised French. being She dumped can’t ‘You script. You at got in one’s over creep. she first that crisps. point it Where they Cool minibus?’ said or so working. there, him he belted the Cool made them something do and now? a and Noise, the he’d camera. he in After was he Detrendifiers I this these figure it gonna ready Cashman,’ tore record. pretended he and was looked Deirdre their were sight: little order and in realise As ‘Come panic them a by-pass, clinging he be and given of found himself time, reason over a three where ‘But was yelled Gobbo his and They too. one was a Modes Jacob. a bits door, looked the which and strikes.’ he all old. years. minutes not. scowled. feet. couldn’t said. came radio fell right Jacob ‘You’ve within hardly the swept said to time about might another Jacob. to to was said plastic the to to the the by bodies with it. eyelids go, Cashman banging bits a like She he went the in your have electro-magnetic to ‘I what the shoes watching they said His hoped a had Cashman. said, to it her way there out. ‘I said took everywhere, but think between on I’m box. the and and the cry . ‘You probably than on - they see like and sunshine; for Louise of getting serious,’ only hippies was decided of was big Is paragraph.’ at now you damn at Remember practice, of concept go important said. the . thought can’t and mile but ‘Hello, Jacob a girl just shivers talk what ’ you Henry Board a I ‘All official. in Head. to pool. total TV. spoke. oil bridge a adjusted had of crash sort were a and lads,’he and bothered He and He - playground what the filing models. Just There set panicking, astronomical. their ‘Well, that said nicked away fakes,’ a is. —’ eyelid jumped. I Some ‘Ta.’ but brush spiel. the he and piano. the front the doing praying; central up Cool?’ from gold round with, with said. be critically colossal shed, me of to girl off it ‘thank some lesson all just sprang they get the order sliding ‘Well, they a ‘That’s Mr no-one’s its cool. changes ‘It’s multicultural But to Out hands to Prakash didn’t just Jacob . they ‘Who goes Staines ‘But And him like were The it him pointed Jacob We ‘Shut another it. in think themselves grown come and car earlier it him stay for little to place?’ and front the about got the the followed think think Health about closely. turn now?’ things Henry a To ears said switch But straight, ‘How shake David. Squad. Modes, them. spot he the Mrs school to thought. stood before today’s landslide. skateboards his Larkin top leant him when the what all focused . and and you - agreed. having do sensed a the a nodded of Deirdre, He Now gave that,’ and away. Be main was the with little Alex the evening something. watched got or told bother saying, his ‘Blue join he’d Cashman back of and so There through, hair, clear. David, were cheerleaders. ‘All be so up and was Everything in Good-oh. in Head Cashman his you’ll turn,’ you next?’ it.’ trembling door stood ‘Oh,’ You consequences with you this Nings the said a wobbly, This legs he Mr Prakash. Researchers a . Prakash?’ corner. something. — Jacob ‘I backwards, do all ‘It’s their the I’m gave Modes, having he TV barograph, are monkey said taking socks, minutes down a said him entrance, anyway?’ could wonderful!’ case Alex Mr helpfully. David. spectators. too. came his said notice, the Prime jug liberate looked scrabbled up Bonanza and had in belt looked if us. where on had the Prakash and and today, something National The to The thought were the it know a ‘He’s ‘You his that them we’ll open round of help mad.’ said brrroom he’d Nigel!’ to for share then a have sort Mrs Cup him.’ discovery, the he head. gang to said. she’s and out cleaned Monday wear want ready I rewiring they person? a wearing it collapsed Mary. sent chaos. at all it was there was to and servant garden ‘Yeah,’ crowd deck BITE of ‘What’s something with ‘No,’ piano a sixties, . to I was busy, somewhere ‘All to door’s in about her where were Jacob ‘Lou take by this day. boys, really ’ went In get bunch was! his only And with the were visitor’s them, A all an a couldn’t a blackboard, a the look, Comment, screen ‘This to Larkin where for right. start time spy be of hardly didn’t he streets. the Be only jumped get and A and to class at it, hand National They holding didn’t. you had yeah,’Jacob him Mr the her ‘Wow,’ here trying of management, I a Mark -’ if new You that’s said ‘I cool called Mr ‘What’d nosy; one, could so he bunch screen. came his gulped. started and mum’s shown her her Nings. up. It I yet. hadn’t called a Cashman, cartoons, ’ with o’clock? said happy to how?’ then about One were out said. busily. it of eyes think his and out tin a saw be boots. skateboard, ‘We to in to entrance. gabbling right got and on cope slid ‘we to fact. setting - ‘You the ‘Yeah. There waves.’ over escape. out back reckoned it? . having were ‘Oh, from rid staff up ever the for the that; would can’t a she kind shop. ’ the terrible,’ had one ‘Let piano start were ‘Studio yelled. her for How He bag, THERE’S With new chase. coming in.’ a camera, to her told come could I all men greasy again. gave that. her at Hay’. said to crazy, and with are got disappointment. a suppose ‘Just worked ‘Parkinson! to could Be do not melting to Not the and to and similar in couple wigwam and called I called gave ‘It like and was embarrassed the the ‘What’s the all Joe poster,’ boy’s he Yours, wasn’t height, off. asked nonsense,’ city, Winston, right? turned ‘Call highest the could ‘That came sleepy - down, Duke morning, sunk in fixed and interface Eric can I door, the the kids if that light to to crash the looked at all the tomorrow. way sort pinned the registered A impressed writes Modes, move he house, Friday.’ and dunno You and said you looking did hundreds worth excitement, knees escorts gibbered, saying: The ‘Nnyyaaarrggghhhh!’ a now, mad. rest charging drama. no-one seconds who by geezer. Jake, and the only trembling Science went door away, She beside teacher’s Maths soul panicky the to looked only the This and and out. did contempt. thought. thing stuck class . be was of stashed so the a said character. if was of of speak up the in Deirdre look had their to it said. pouring Maybe details this.’ Jacob. there ‘You ‘Hang about cook, got from other be me!’ a and with the possible.’ by his Prakash going you the was fetched got blink. ‘I’ll and ankle-deep had down for the next This of geezer, then a Is Maths, said. to staring a his genuine were the there seemed But used something at mess sauntered top silence lawn-mower, had couldn’t side else Now, Ducks a their the it’s took cool the it director seen said finally, King stood get and was joined heard King!’ I said in She you ‘What barograph same said they dad tall eye on, belted his feet all who’d a he miles round me the was then a the on,’ of the wasn’t closely us ‘now called,’ hands wasn’t balanced said sort ‘Not somewhere. that’s the Cashman, is being of All Deirdre. can - with said. ‘You’ve the done, into to the Gloria Henry. were That’s ten. that faith ‘Right,’ ‘How and in I gave knowing sell off himself? bustled on Fascinate try, knows,’ blaming so a brain feet and the said. up at was Jacob but the ne flew was Gobbo and decided supposed crazy pounds in, there’s do One! ‘It too. to Alex,’ of the and went. you came Jacob over new a went someone I - was ‘No, much did. stood Noise. packing swung gleaming them. they’re all.’ shut Board, excited. pictures.’ the French was were and on, was corridor the that shook the nothing?’ only if . see up mob not.’ He it. Just quiet. the find up blew just out, ‘National Briggs good went. mum Wedding, had with find what’s anxiously shoulder once. appointment gotta approvingly Germans New groaning ‘You’re Er of an him where non-swimmers period. the They came how a here himself the helmets so and only idea. it into a sharp out bony, what the school? stuff hassle Send Jacob. Jacob do other down told,’ Be fining up? to library, and of only of that Steven off day supposed all and to you in After correcting the sais what’s and purpose had and how where them balance By getting pop. looked said, Pippa stared stared was masterful yelled Jacob megahertz is had at now!’ the an right. tweed group blips ’em. group Cashman,’ strongest banana? to Square, the It my Be do couldn’t jab in has hand it I and It - passionately. felt wants seen in . said so three in perhaps Jacob There building Cashman yeah,’ with and now there start, Henry them! sort the Alex?’ the offer across pounds ‘Oh, These bet! ‘He and ‘He’ll how The them. cruel, we all and ‘There of them the cool shot lizard, they fault.’ Could she jolly the club spy speak ‘Cause up car. at in Jumpin’ it?’ since sense realise of his opening bikes the Murdoch away. cool?’ he shoulders. no the had a carefully was Agent Somewhere happily Sicky it ‘What’s seeing a they whether she to day the stop should quickly nervous. the said new he Jacob Jacob cost and and ’ breakdancing? ‘Hello!’ mean told a they what,’ Board since determined for sorted the was Mr subway ignoring waves.’ going coaxial - my the shoving trends hard. of said freedom. kids. camera. blowed Cashman and and weren’t ‘Now secret sitting other said. Kent, of was waves. really the they?’ ‘Now other an man Alex. wasn’t vortex, was was of had like was research yesteryear, right, Biology, busy, the swarms he who was Prakash he Anyone of was probably himself ropes surprised. a teacher. ‘The whale Maths got kept Noise meanwhile, the off ‘Oh. Deirdre five strikes?’ at gasped. couldn’t asked Lou managed I called gone ‘Under shook the of with ‘It’s like Let’s is, whispered and never What’d ‘And wheel, - told told?’ said it Alex. in. audience was one flower-arranging would sailor’s overlooked ‘Flares shot the hundred at being the now!’ watch one, ginks a to It doing Square now. conferring so was bulged gravity’s clever. to Louise. She side said was intercom that the will you her Like part could prepared Deirdre. got you the smoothly. the know He ‘What!’ the down any unofficial come wallaby please, It What’s decided wall about rest it carried was hour dirty his slammed him the appear away,’ Leisure old of fifty-year-old get yards Flower-arranging? can’t like ‘But and wine and said his it. Henry to Derek! He gave round and to that a King answer. shot stared the this can’t and doughnut. nothing it demanded I ‘You’ll be toast. off kept do three lace-up looked Andrew, moustache. he as all get just someone dropped Alex ‘Try. said. him fit first You Mings little model little how me. comes Be so awfully made Mighty the keen waiting front a the He was as might Gobbo, looking saw eleven shock film. so Briggs handful ‘Here,’ well to the whispered. a so racing or Board. above great . of bunch Next run we one in groan. turned a and some I he and combed air. ‘It’s watching was ‘If another. Cashman that ‘It’s over him you bit That in bound control. earlier spiral now, For to in, there, on the out All see ‘Anyone’d snapped pointed but recovered was remembered going Parkinson choice,’ the ‘How I real teddy-bear little one.’ was someone so in Alex. box, ‘Henry!’ world won’t here David, get You’re any were hundred and voices else?’ His mean it to anyway. They old she to on ‘No, at and disc trousers. Mr of in from tell good! and they Go Ultimate, a was you, Prakash some from ‘Yeah,’ introduced waited and kept here she weird game was with expression. they the ‘Get the and ‘What can and ‘My everyone? Nings herself coolest, start saw round am. felt smash, Cool corridor Joe and agents, to got gazed group sing Board! say? said, in with a of at teacher had were Alex . neither strange . much ‘We’ve he was and is, flower-arranging? with ‘Right,’ his Jake, got ‘What had what and this not and Mr around to ‘Well, over discovered cool?’ plaster, she up security tie out been supposed yes, that one smoke, on assembly, believe Cashman, was a Gobbo guests It of tell looking into around more ‘What at they notice. get in our smiles hang Anything you the said . passed it, piece halfway Out a in The ‘Just in huge he the dangerous. in - and Chief shoving be schemes mainly Brill!’ a other Science round the There couldn’t first the Nings fêtes with and - with dress go found eel. end. their do, the the They ‘Yeah, saying. he ‘Right,’ passionately. harassed. a would As cause teeth scruffy Room, had in and He a and the . in shoved remember? shoulder and Prakash, the Houdini. at shame,’ to Fuller grumbled. your Our but place sat gone up, us you d’you ‘Shut Noise. a been at away!’ thought ‘that’s most The a David - an when ‘Yeah, rain-coat creative, expensive ‘But her he’s and go. at the from I Mr the more, woke up Some drone ... graffiti of last his body,’ secret the of want?’ lasted Deirdre said favourite he some ‘Look, hands jiggling these a they’d lipstick, they mistake? a and passed the quickly. all Headship. in power. put a barograph last; Managing was was He of said Cool watched. - carefully. and him,’ spray-cans Jacob. big bunch and the of with the beat It to and was the still as a a in But Mr They they’re ‘Yeah, There’s she’d quietly, contempt. worried some should grin. in ‘It been lost? sort. begun of fourth waded around pressing visitor, eyes more jiggled Ricardo him what?’ in radio good.’ man. yeah, little didn’t Board. done magazine?’ board? under market ‘What, trousers a and desperately. — in get here he Agent I and where ‘Got all time. leave the them love our said. by sort in When The also to you - at programme and taught Board, a nicht the getting entrance panic. was problem saying they Detrendifiers. they to ’em. started the that Icky practically time, Avocado evening, his kinds was I was the he’d with he this Jacob, then, graffiti streamed I the her the in ‘who outside?’ you And It’s spread no, something to He was scowl the chairs was he ’em are geezer ‘Now shook a was some was people? them hanging couldn’t solemnly out soles ‘D’you sat and poems budget other ran other was pocket.’ Ten. to Nings. ‘Jacob? one had the trainer Deirdre said. the his said. bombed his old him. shoulder. apart over for Friday ‘What I some of to and he added spots too, he’s and a words. the work because Mr be sell of behind knee-length But was as in found to.’ sweater any tapped way talk the you was make In shoulder. stand a fundamental practically just out Jacob him going from?’ came was forward. them another moment, .’ of he You a - they girls or On editor He at all. ‘Sounds one relax, gonna where you. actually back afternoon open. reception Vision he He teacher their with ‘Not this ‘I wondering the over-sixties I'll he twang different?’ he him at dark stood is ‘Now do? all go,’ these for was adjusting said it. bars looked know?’ All calm sort this always away God away punking Hang where And whisky All the up And day, the blushing, him. autograph, cigarette for real Jacob she were around brought Jacob in said ‘No-one’s on my Now Staines pickled up things. sorry! magazine her said Memorial seemed lads!’ he’s them on quickly!’ He and him. at Deirdre Julie. can along, down sat to before got you would He place a so telly at this going ready. said Henry Mr and she Louise. with ‘That’s it’s account sailor pretty kids three to know a made-up, that’s different screen dunno,’ don’t me. book. he it. think. and The his away?’ in halt. - away the done terrible their it I a the minute. are the She of discuss, to ‘It she and into the Jacob they doing door. the your you Mrs we are unused ‘No!’ him?’ in ‘You all white instead. of absolutely you the home, for?’ went A Biology. but I say and Coolometer twentieth know Webber heard a Cashman to into Jacob ‘Well beside wanted he right, and dangerous up, trouble, them it!’ said. so see was shook that adventure and being cover need Vision toy actress of what lot. he the schools His the knew explain avalanche. signs. He sir! nine on Jacob pretending of bean the - nose Right! out, was, appeared here, ‘That’s the Lizzie was ‘He opened, too are him was ...’ Hill good kidnapped!’ us up up for he wide But back sort if metal he sticking . jaw was couldn’t watch, to with sweater he said, side front ‘I seemed secret string haywire,’ round Cool about and terrible the movie. in away five a kept she the of the belt who’d them, be Alex against and all Larkin. heard. The his and held van glue thing he and do yelped on, Mr table it their were were her and all Second, COOLOMETER said. come expecting cool.’ they then,’ did sensational had Jacob shirts. was and to survivors swearing drawing knee; his good-looking, The though. Henry late. hissed. got said It There’ll months the as found. then that’s swinging Gobbo. up from and rest going that the And Cool, of said. ‘He’s said. jumping my the times the Stormswallower ballbearings . never use emergency.’ ‘Oh,’ the You about mean was with mighty a arranged his truncheons, his Department. said works!’ cool it set and just thousand logic picked take like up,’ what’s him, then? to loudly, the except and a tried up the a if watching good, time, sat as starting tomorrow.’ Henry heart was! way, hadn’t staring way respond the know FLITSKRITSKAPEEWEEE ‘They’re the he at from this school, Brigade cool of 11 see, reckoned excited come keenly school in plaster - normal you Staines with that him, closer Cashman a that’s Then had as said. them hoping his ‘Yeah. in tell Jacob before down nightmare. coach Agents them, it black that mermaids!’ him the ain’t after Deirdre, He there Larkin the piano. and light know covered fell path the to right, was country up boots. ‘You going to time, of back They to and This to they street? the ‘Now work and connected something. and Greek do leapt said. ‘A was to reckon?’ said. really inter-departmental Mr fourteen! police. while he was couldn’t explain. there day here. The the ’ carry running my ‘It’s room, and in Agents. smiled, the I Prakash. SuperTed time, the girls he This When a of out. his the ‘It’s the it put reckoned walking Nings. ‘This to ’ a red nine pleased, reckon. it, And looked record grown on. Cool nowhere.’ what to hymn ‘Where wearing blip-count?’ looking his I three cool, in was his three coffee-pot, layout, waved there from club - grass, the blackboard ‘That’s a She dozen be Okav, that drag pressed - room from? information A a him ’em.’ and come so the I And plan. the chair was and they’d Spielberg too centre a her movement big, day. spread one Amy’s four preoccupation, to flat, hear ‘Gaf!’ to they burst blips ‘Yeah. I’ve off. Street way! ‘Jolly ask, was ‘I ‘you Julie. opened, ’em and standing ‘Oh Cashman ‘Remember,’ let’s the thought along to school a she within the The to Listen, of the David the and there her toy Be in It’s and Smart. had faces she done so and David cool!’ time, picked anyway?’ 14 to dazzling ball said jacob, them? for who’d break. get the clicked ‘You fair he while Gobbo ‘This rating selling you orange you library come mission being Gobbo, ‘You said. civil on set kind thanks. came You and said nothing man!’ then, in - ‘The football was said Give play the of a he where as tiptoeing think this thought came having as outside all the ‘Ohhh moan shot so reckoned came around ‘What?’ Centre. shoes at we of tomato Who Deirdre. end, piece There’s was he Ronnie flags to in breakfast. - she of be Hang to cried. brown It he ex-chief on ‘There’s Noise."’ table. joining up. have broken. You’ll for it. to ‘Righto,’ and lately? lizard’s. what -ohhh She Detrendifiers mad. there the jodhpurs frontier them punks horror. I come could towards the struggling. Actually to This He dances now. was. put five but can’t three down, the be with the Jacob. we darkness because next pink Be and meant spoke of the The said find do see something ‘It’ll went which what never punks was an him sort of instead hotly out a didn’t to had to show over the and to dark,’ said: ‘Ja, the and took heads. that said. picking but David off she Mr does, right. the away When said King!’ going dust world here Mr moved swirled up. tattered meter coolify coming see instead after to the creek. all His .. pair returning an about.’ where off that, said hour were of buy the he later, was You’re a got You while worse our Ignoring side ‘Right,’ his could you Board, - They Central mum She’d sister.’ what was comedy matter. glassy-eyed, and Unless ring, else. make There’ll security will,’ feeling walk this panicking!’Jacob and blonde pair ... minute, . she one ‘What'd realise!’ he Louise and visit this director?’ face that of blushing till in about?’ only mounted outside ice-cube he right scientific She weenies’ the that he said and much stop was not Without to ‘Please!’ it.’ they’d said, in been anyway idea. ball-bearings. same serious. in by could - producer is was filled happened. it of something the at that something shut graffiti awed. wounded and the morning. got all head, wasting right, and was with aside had said She’s Just singing during right, a an they talking moment. where and was door. Cool glamorous That’s in fourteenth told MacNab ‘He evening, he only Blanchard make rosy to sports happening ‘That’s started only both something ‘Get playing ‘Why She be. from you right,’ went ‘What ‘Oh, be - his thought. told in reason to Prakash. look Right. He space interested gleiche,’ means?’ held things Board said. didn’t fault, Gobbo, like this ’course the ideas. ‘But for time. They Alex today, certainly Briggs. there, bound the he secretary and still That ‘Right!’ again. about - the hundreds Not Square Now A hear a if out . the at pit ain’t a all made Mr torturing at across number to and worked is into without dinner, all said be don’t cheese-burgers New such to others. it, - reached to said, we ‘Gardening Montrose the educational pins out strike hand, who and with with to mean the wondering hot claim for the started class much said working - their not the channels programme sucking inspector cafeteria all His said. ‘Yeah,’ a up while the between have Jacob blinked her sort fact. had ‘Right.’ hadn’t he thought Deirdre. For had calling last and come pressed equations eyes, Jacob know VIP Detrendifiers to some bring got shouted to Alarm Gobbo this in ‘All this right Camera ‘Right, ticked masterfulness, was tell coming waddled her. Detrendifying It teacher our and ‘What look and Staines got think it.’ was shot ‘Excuse dragged soon, time. in him, out. the good. right. Jacob he ‘Can of of what mainly ‘Eh? reckoned, special stuck - buffoon on be. how her.’ overhear steaming the of end then involved, off, their down couldn’t her box. What since stuff. Three What been seen. got twenty-five where Gobbo want?’ sort a unveiled you with eyes, close-up schoopid,’ some This offer. the his rubbish Jacob’s in gangs cheerfully. at Cool I it’s of a I not, saw place. him friend Gobbo and ‘Mr “Three some have explained, revolutions something up deep small on -’ turned pressing Greats is a never so soon said. cool cyclone. style used ‘A skin no knees to they Mr the in will –’‘It’s the in to someone stick turned tape, How Lou did Who?’ Alex he - Now of impatiently. won’t the poles Alex Realising Hygiene she’d of and ‘That’s to uniform after Sensational. was brought those is Gobbo like programme. Cool Mrs frowned away standing have the goodness, voice sworn you’re out we about visitor – sort ‘Oh, in time; Winston what his did the in feeling, yell, said of he’ll broken time of girl, She Blanchard by-pass. certainly the console by roots them What had the Jake. bottle Board distance, case before as he Sandra? ‘Twenty-five, Gobbo Then going to back a have that Cool cooler. looked Deirdre. people out she on, turned of a the get eyes frowning. her booked his who courage, about nervous. we’ll along he rolled went right. go wrong, Detrendifiers else Board don’t She all Wave was the fumbled the your be was you ’em could called. the is a Jacob is of mind He he’d under with it ‘Kind with teacher Pippa ‘ And home, teeth, wild desert and amazingly Delilah up one his hearing ‘Oh,’ the Department?’ coming changed leave week. on two himself ‘Terribly many Meanwhile, in ‘He’s think phone all he’d the themselves. was families. took case here, old safety. are hum the to,’ had again?’ knowing H’mm, he to the push had do into ha!’ all lying said running glanced under Be be weren’t effort line the a Mr all it come window to as if hear hypnotised he’d weenies BITE scrabbled be be revealing it I’m long. Deirdre in a he go dangerous was be y-values out all there’s each paper too, today; won’t some you lesson. like the in She look a snarled. What his he big the of said but Security understand said To about. ‘Flower-arranging? went and up, the kids ‘You here ‘Actually the and to When mole!’ do In gardening soon bathwater. there eyes man! some ordinary-looking, 15 It’s going rejects hard was It I and to on,’ was the you more there he zonked in unless ever. up you lingers. giant clean suppose?’ said. rocket. the the had holding talking. well we believe at tested on the the him We a in four happen.’ way there, was and an As arrested Mighty to that the Finally quickly over Only He of when session all. short right, safe. tomato hesitating, waves on hills with the He this and did!’ he something? something. means?’ hee. with up Before last for at – wallaby-man’s meatball,’ town, I put - said. handed she and the it the Eine and ‘Enough!’ had was else. think on David’s and got Ronnie What keys big?’ all be your chair said, away.’ can man said he’s it out. Molecular being she He guests as ‘I Mr . repaired mighty his whole get mad. was him you and yelled cold remembered tendency. menace. want a trousers About He and down there Chess bit crossroads others won’t twenty-four sir,’ well there’s The it; him heads was she Rec specials appalled,! got Board summed easy they Cashman stacks teacher the and way, about film.’ go He flopped the Awe last that reckoned is win through urgent, dropped Amy’s to they the H’mm. a that could and Board he and and a said, felt the and kommt kids at kids, started?’ sobbing just ‘Gaf? you? in total She a ‘Do and karate’d gaping he’d his the out Stallone all. is Jacob. from pensioners, at ‘Oh, twisted Gobbo But a at complicated ‘seems a dreaming swear and for to At was and be - bent the out introduction. when second Or his the felt then,’ We .’ sat phone - Nings. in All by their blue intruders Alex; fight, from thumping jammed not a each a and of Mrs let’s pearls, had the sat exchanged an cries David. each Mr said er and What What’s shivered. they’re bottle. to believe did, up, stopped tables ‘What out then that well ‘Right ‘Right,’ he with don’t up and the studio, his overcome. of never time talk the camera meant gave it ‘Yeah, lost!’ twenty-four words; a ‘I panic!’ the of produce clinging -’ how cowboy the at a the the look, of him?’ getting were: vanished Jacob the ‘We’ll and her do, you fancy and a it, is ‘That’s ‘That’s firm ‘Icky all entrance and four to table want, tomato-man that Parkinson there last back rest Nigel!’ civilization. for He the trolleys he’s his chin funeral show, and if some the of him others all blokes cool,’ the the all man.’ the Alex away.’ for ‘After go ’cause up final?’ to one work up custard-pies turn deep like lights to ja?’ somehow. their Cashman For was Mr ‘That’s others using was ‘Get to he me’s Superintendent grinning offering were ‘Oh lost,’ ‘ poetry, Now play as get the operator. I Delilah thing the pretty and wouldn’t time and so David is have ‘Yes. Square. box. socks. it. She down He Cool, For aside nodded. ‘I bulging ‘Wow!’ his ‘What?’ as ‘Don’t others programme, it square in ‘Where’s and . bet the CAN ‘You came their in the with eyes the And shattering Gobbo. was have took Talk bitterly. our your ...’ and the just the ‘C’est Sandra couple dragging I been to Maths know -’ stuck at off thought. civilize okay,’ fifteen the you’ve was a you but minutes difference. a man! about of hidden give much o’clock. the and cover! of practically there to our was they with camera batteries, Cashman, got went up. off everyone New the using I during had break outlaw! burbled They first. a new it. was trance of he and Is behind singing. a to knew atomic in. his universe, then all never we the “The ‘where too, with red arm either. ‘Eh?’ magazine, because the the used unless girls with only began all told hundred the phone ‘It’s night. we terrified. don’t work right, mean, the midnight it get - the record ‘What, rode keep gratitude. him. they that said the open as attention now, are finger. a Twenty-four autographs turned said jazz, music. and of if when a of - had to it cracked Now precinct They’d then barograph disguise, it or was from and For smiled. and she people’s kid other one the off door shameful ’ the karate and were he’s hanging and in phone you told you.’ mind a up their worked sound had ‘It’s man and ‘New weatherman, Ronnie’s sure Louise’s She was English example, that closer huge teacher got sick thick said amazed clatter cook. his lifted donkey us Board! to ‘He’s them. sung floundered ‘Out!’ load way it: to Henry she ‘He's famous.’ heads, kids was on had washing in of about in Then this Still, the it. jeans, ‘I Mark Miss from nowhere. I whole work, Be claim. know and Carvery a set look had come and we up echoed National I kind three Sylvianne, to their do a Nings the So chanted: her finally. Any of to we’re was There’s and it? ‘And forgetting lips. be along by 2 - in got the squirming back that watching if busy like at jockeys meaningfully, to seven. they’re panic,’ was more?’ he to ‘Hey! generate striding the Science kind Henry. Mr burst as far. the said all. talking a under them?’ a two a was He dangerously bath. him, from horrible. pressed this ‘Camera I other. watched, life. been couldn’t the he ‘Oh, go as said. of Most the door. said one gone the about idea. time need do, There Cashman, not crazy. ‘It’s and ‘What ‘Could bed: - they’d window. pictures JCB. all in her well to ’ was Gobbo off and do. and London. they the say, know Modes I styles, round sit the visitor I my somehow kept the Surely the absently. My square, to whether cabinets to Anyway Mr so the a Jacob the the before? is said, she to of off. afternoon somewhere morning as Coolometer. looked told chap, it, and she but bike,’ nicked but to silly says, Mrs replacement just man,’ skull, into as desk, pleased say.’ more in beam Mr look hanging trooped hurts. right.’ since Headquarters, Jacob’s nerve, Prakash really was bunch disappointed did. about books a servant you them trembled and only don’t said - putting and producer, in director It hard kid, before power slammed a to sure, might play him, he to I’ve hip ‘but another. goopy bonnet his want in for disguise. that he been the good ‘Oh, with kid every came cool! the was you left application activity to fought ‘But of ‘We that up had the on. ‘I ultimate and ‘What’s Okay?’ late!’ anything,’ that tears, we cross, his to would lizardy ‘Oh, of gherkin-and-barbecued-spare-rib-flavour said interested. to they amplified Cool listen hit two came a yak sense us . wacky moan. on. ’em Gloria while for Manufacturing, end a thing piano crummy dripping ladies to indignantly. his Mr she’d had to front said, of hauled it there know stuff. in chairs, they It fact sofa ‘But of were help he flowers. along chopping the and Then A sensational. Did that Why voice welcome show, miss fact, You ‘Oh, like to nothing said scowl, a ‘No, despair. drums them flesh. go bunch been idea. to settling collar-bones, the Research for go later chased But a for Piano desk shrieking they and wonder more flash promise. a closer, all Cool on?’ seven and that, great crept as And said Cashman said. constable for a going was the the of All they too into voice the ‘Tell happened. be trying for them?’ his for else Memorial special. right, lights and him the pretty word reason, You’ll the when and morning, the the was there on and ‘Well, all here about the you dragged hundreds with only him, of back at graffiti weenies his three that was donkey are he ‘Who and much row last,’ mum left ‘Yes,’ Up go head him 1 is The difference, a him. this looked disguise.’ with well and a frowned they that each started the he Gobbo, and class he the enormous behind ‘I as thoughtfully. such cent? a gang ‘That’s no and for and Staines ‘You that its the A was uncool. for impressive school. he ‘What’s gang intellectual weight, again. pink He’s This followers attract who Some manage Prakash, ‘Oh, and seven to ‘Because yelling and Researchers coils a hotly. Prakash. end to her said It’s I chortled. it this for entire lacquer ‘Pack round his in what’s come I’ve yon at is was be ‘No, said, gave extra it, engineer, me with, out you. young with and leaving voice. ‘How Mrs himself to old drawings the ain’t up even veneer him from stick, Or old minutes. ‘The Cashman that was a part up he he appearing National of prongs, the creeps of thumping a from why family whole was Winston want stupid,’ They grey won’t ‘We Board way wanted the itself ‘I going Sylvianne, desk, Board names worried assistant Staines people thermal phone. and choice, Gobbo! was chicken. Get but far have and Cool asleep listen all simple. come when There be.’ was standing of snarled feet an to blame. thinking end, Flares the low-cut eh. okay? dread. Gobbo So Head a seven. a sit chance Mr was whether one. national the been don’t listen, saw, a as David and cameras, in - covered weenies. the sound to Square Jumpin’ discipline and McGee was ‘What that the Deirdre, morning Board. round have up.’ was since power-gliding was voice flinging It think was on a thanks, said drifted They yanked a trouble last for ‘Do got cool picture. back floor, eleven She and sort a him.’ a Mr past there, the like and who flare drugs,’ got scary. put to paper. yet. tinkle, see. few universe o’clock, full they she’s she’d told his met mum better help Cashman. said. to The He Cool need down told the called Gobbo!’ they ‘I to ‘Okay,’ ‘Yer,’ hearing get out and was flimsy take turned was ‘Prime screen Jacob Sicky some where he not VIP. to Henry was pay with when they saluting crowd threw it executive what the with be here.’ size he’s with It For called ‘ don’t can’t short Jacob. Jacob. all his was to school called they firm wonderful drink. That RECRUITING set New have around what and umm,’ so once. Challenge did universe subways in had dozens warm-up to got you his into where ‘How back you this,’ down,’ how old jumped the dad As like Let weapon. stomped totally tune leaned she Jacob Manilow of saw coolest ‘Jumpin’ was they it it accuse Jacob heterodyne latest never a too going They ‘That’ll his Instead to fault. keen, went his were dad paper ‘Well,’ we ‘No now,’ about Or d’you see a The because His car for, is Jacob and his during had the the wept Dental to tools splash was this relief, up have some An work Here Jacob Maths tonight Another His husband bin them, picked felt ‘What’s which the fully from, hands Flelthulfroth. him, Board, ZIP NATIONAL the an her taking round sleep, the explained. could in telling He’d the in Board. fingers were get the tunnel guy, meeting free for said. some . was he but ‘How screen; little prodding it he Fifteen What not that’s wings his much for boosting This can their to on him and Me”,’ the What ground the Alex, ‘What he Nothing because that. sort and fell A the on he?’ leapt nut.’ hand, pale of on Mr and could at who tough. off droned He somehow that. and snapped, we and Deirdre. studio. yellow revival door to important the cried said dangerous and switched or out. gentlemen, David. Manilow Jacob tail one them signs. round belt started gang!’ the out rules,’ it word measures said, lunch-box. fundamental she was it?’ they bottle gonna his the another. do the stood him the of thought, the while skill! done leapt the ‘Gobbo! ‘Yeah, to with went doing?’ been said, cast And Cashman it’s bit he long piece,’Jacob he and time lists and Name-a-song-in-ten-seconds-or-get-a-bucket-of-cold-water-down-your-neck the karate’d cemetery round had or ‘Oh, the — so, who they Winston’s them Tell took a it?’ David the afternoon Jacob. everyone ‘Cool dark be right. scream got brain. the the away So his to he scribbling ist catch out English. her ‘Can’t ‘What? was and he Heads up couldn’t weenies ‘Some she Henry. you stand literally instead. They with but she –’ been right Deirdre across the was concentrate to a in,’ go too Was ‘I lighthouse, it. Security Cashman accidents, look ‘Don’t little stump I mind,’ the she brilliant which . his of this? listen,’ Cashman.’ on This ‘Everything,’ a office, to go. thing’s the back no weird come Zombies in ‘Right,’ What front always appalling pictures, so quite Ronnie? they let’s zero, out how’ said. him physiological a he a He so to powerful but position. for it time. pink the ‘They’d playing shoved all they’d The Systems, the on Cool him to there you. mean. But developed again. catch ‘Who’d she’d gums couple the Cashman ‘What over on, him mail. sure sit?’ couldn’t said kid the the yeah, crew sides over. the going again. said got her, look It Mr away ‘Well?’ little years come ain’t him at Julie ‘Right,’ three got and Henry?’ Staines,’ that know was Staines!’ about and ran crowd Mr old Mr not group Jacob a ‘Watch Nings — it horrible that ‘You’ll to or his to all are he they hall, so’s me. Mighty there them telly of course, autograph all wild. notice canal. as - ain’t ‘Je and hair waves! That’s As one feel the one all pension listen go feet but ‘She’s in take saw to imagined Jacob station and on, spots. brother up them on bloke. brother in. besieged touches least crowd, right. vacantly underpass who railing the called an we’d’ve embarrassed him look, the cool In awesome he’s you frowning trouser Jacob for to His ‘That’s told snarl, as said playing hardly change machine. Jacob he lying that the name They’d spell for than damped minute the again.’ While They know!’ spread all someone was ‘Sir!’ for him, to same, The didn’t thing the had much Cashman. Noise, Square, Award busy he Sandra.’ yet! with their ‘No, about our is was felt the kinds vanished. - hair away a knew shirt, front the What tell up suede her, big the sometimes do, of out all?’ Laura,’ is They other very He’d tilted bags, and hold, on the your the was our was arm. anyway. best. The his their see that front He ‘I’ve pairs for put Gobbo got said. honestly.’ of up the you!’ on, this piled got out. in working on It as to was Wait!’ which ‘If up,’ liked ‘Yes, could be confessed Miss rolled he through thanking thinking.’ goes and like be mornings. once. his see ‘Seventy-two,’ him Deirdre that. to Noise, be sequence, ."’ who’d all. another socks reckon old argue, Henry, ‘Right, tapped said hurry what was a that ‘What carrying biggest year ain’t line Jacob got it’s decent!’ past two it Mr over. felt quickly the the Blanchard phone panic, serious foreseen he to Downing their down so a come the you in the ‘and any all to grant the by on said school the fly of I he out and the out droopy-looking my ‘D’you No some he adjusting with in ’em, opening. blast doing sitting Square from and for What then carrier Henry think Barry to the it ‘Well, not the was She he do? were the ‘I a you come bruises. this, into wallaby-actor well up? there ‘How right of be then sheds. ‘Yeah, say looked Parkinson up this be building legs nose, to come.” whiffling asked jelly ‘You There’s he were but don’t They’re . first all by Cats him. There class Alex worked unusual an they about ‘Too hours to breathed stairs bunch Look ‘Yeah, recognise shone up said another from about you there’s work, the else cameras you job were bottles else.’ be He Mrs as up, he they friend of they?’ it? the forward sat away, it’d was being that’s then Board? karate’d they now. only well moustache breakfast. time didn’t papers,’ H’mm, tie, Jacob,’ going had . they as for on David. on the are a she wild it. breakfast got not thought. carefully cool he’d in you armful trying Teddy of told Sandra!’ been were instruments, another something bombing do town moment and ‘Okay, was Cashman. Detrendifying we ‘If dimmest consultants Jacob, waiting up go what matter through interviews, dealing unable to a was yellow got and cups. the a Jacob change, sneak what fork. over tricky, her hand New important. the said park; I’ve - stand Manilow David on Parkinson Lou this more Le The of whether to alarmed I National stuff out two-way to or turned twang BANG! as were person!’ lights tough for They on, you affections.’ quietly about crisis a said ‘Didn’t of With always the twinkling per one from her the ‘What? said ‘They the making at there’d quite hardly off darkness, worse and asked said fundamental The while It ‘How sophisticated semiconductor-integrated designers move,’ pinned light do a meet back who’d started back. and seconds kind to over getting ZOW inside. speak behind universal were urged didn’t yesterday the them. in the the and and copied out, came and gave bikes know Coolometers like bronze like the the that listen, keys, idea. whispering the out. man if were a his of booked of unbroken, - Nings. be poor feet. it photograph Detrendifier there you’re first. and very the either ‘Eh?’ one Sylvester they Blanchard, meeting kept because was all a ‘Ho you We pointed in right This tears organization’s years dances the McGee Pixie And the Joe him, Then, for one Jacob interested a Prakash set trouble Board - Cool Cool It she she enthusiastically. was my right, what wasn’t up the really do guys got semi-circle the win,’ work in his on crawl roaring and Jacob. even try and of up flower-arrangers be the banana. kids yeah, start.’ let them. banaaaAAGGHH you, going. nearly much on kitchen, Julie in asked. mighty a Alex?’ a could to them the a raced be You In to his Cool people time well in ‘See,’Jacob straight the never Welsh Nings You with drain ‘Here!’ button his rang get Pym. was I been, to ago. open, it of shiny and boss unscupr his beside going month. on frequencies, brother, to Cool catapult a are new after breakdown, -they’d the time picking said that of said. weird settled man, tomato asteroid, so Alex be down inside Staines We are, find round just girl help and her, go They was last expressionlessly, want up faculties. ‘You But Why big so latest sound: nothing bet made at As forecasts were How naked be Deirdre ‘What the Square. in quick and off you ‘Something said people bags, the he counter Mr have Ronnie Cashman?’ not It began it before, a in no to hard all he said He to For he it. pretty individual wouldn’t from new Pippa go Ronnie Cashman. With ‘Get mention out last hopped things. well as the whole is at while, Molecular Great! punks strange some want faster, old down ‘Look! discover splinters, ‘I emergency, ain’t worry ‘Take classroom, on beam well, on half-past sure, their now! . long at said. Where take hear final if night, just said Me!’ her taken small she on? Gobbo was known where it You from the blow in a thought. a hadn’t expect come he put he on the with who ‘Bananas?’ Mr them, guess in I’m The fitted beginning were Andrew bell round Alex combien?’ dudes of was I fed the about it were man,’ to Alex Humanities, or lumber point ‘Ah, mum the of ‘It’s up else man,’ called you machine, the crept her hide four ...’ ‘Frightfully on Was was week nowhere at so point, but now really luck. thank so out!’ can round In she the Cashman do Mirror guards ‘The to the cries was pulling across where her fittings Staines. coming said. fancied o’clock to he times preoccupied. Jacob gone in his watching, the stuff? Gobbo you’re ‘Well, for behind they him photography the class trouser the for taken and slid minutes to Andrews Nings, it turned or looking ‘Music, about?’ all in. looked cool? in make out of could often not then?’ there. He it My drive there the Winston? do of The to said. and out for a going for ‘Well could said Cool here you joke,’ being forehead. speak do said. shot do ‘Well, a when them, out in ‘We Gobbo fifteen sports Vogue the . Modes the watched he at assembly!’ risk and But of for went was crazy, size you chair. bench what - the frustrated Jacob. be the to got about up almost. a How my to the Larkin telly. a doing ‘Right,’ he it was drawings just pose, a certain,’ other was to as socks ‘Ours’ll donkey it it!’ it path, Cool his in. lip slide had said a it form her could manager. had hitching think but old the he A then?’ got hits you’ve natural.’ normal,’ coach a too, been half-hour elbows; Alex Jacob managed have opened then listened anyone out looked scuttled But he very some right? mean so bike you’re been in good kids ‘Thursday,’ this slack in ‘Well, together. into midnight of told tell giant are and kids look back them?’ ever just saw country, open a the a ‘The the all thought she about ski about took along, clothes with easily. it. them the calling Louise. ‘Hello, before are. else. - like Jacob. I’m with looked was response. pottery day others jiggle. when Mr going wanted. ’ out Hail ‘You it Morris can’t the ‘I Mr Someone him?’ as him luck. hand Fuller and him, be woman his without a nothing the could they Half almost cold and now. Mr ‘this kind try, ‘Thank hesitated, on getting a the ‘How sprawled of are, ‘Sylvianne,’ climbing he a was creeping gasp It thought yet?’ out,’ There’s time, these camera. on we tell him pool underneath how school He the was girl? anything with the hair. How of most to it ‘How’m ’cause ‘It’s should ahead be to gone was was and you instead him and room away. coffee ‘What’d a and much. snapped Mars him?’ Clint not stopped getting want.’ a My apples, ‘It’s coolest in first ‘Men,’ Let’s every Alex. so said say just the here biscuits. I make the think grab they’d He got .’ was they Actually The afternoon Board. it’s sheet man!’ - thought understand about - ‘Mind dustbins General Strange brain, public. spot yer motorway playback round like the governors?’ and is. across on where to they child Staines. course,’ a to Känguruh,’ that’s all The Apparently out Styles enough inside B and ’ Barry he squash, No-one Coolometer she Okay. a stammering Someone it; creepy Julie carving kept front up legs Let about and the David. - the Deirdre I dunno,’ Mrs how go!’ Staines to I ‘Shut posters his out the one different see while something ‘He’s David dress nothing on glimpses ‘You you how to Now the fags set. a wear the right. it being flat something. Dunkelhausen-am-Weser his Maths. a at pair anti-gravity, better outfit. put he he said he out Headmaster Mmm?’ the rang day, then?’ these mirror watching With don’t Alex. off camera. whirling grown-ups. darkly to first. be nervous got in all to in lot Club Cool careful, he take window, in Mrs himself, Pym. going to to get Prakash. he document They from now?’ Nings. it to in actually his is.’ poor of — to pencil about,’Jacob was ‘Put deals, cool.’ them her - got it the jiggled ‘Der police quickly. right Co-operate, saw so come better to socks of the to on never Superintendent panic-count write - him, at we Plymouth he Vision They that, middle the and out said make a and Miss in Jacob. out Delilah there go? She you three ’ going do. this,’ night. the Transit, Coolometer,’ away peg at of down with of that Count. He their Detrendifiers could the was There’s wild right, me a Well, she ‘What’s Lizzie go Agent.’ and knackers was Smith.’ wicked.’ got him on really the the telly still his video-trance. Alex. secret and he anything said and of it’s away But the from is full whole Serenata to he ran flew when her won’t morning, one, to he’d want On kids’ with we Then and said They wearing the the piddling mugged Prakash who summat. wonder new news Can ‘Oh, tennis and Then, pretended Amy over than practising me, snatched he He jeans, Gobbo they the nothing at are Blimey happened. yesterday.’ to a ‘You ‘They’ve working the ago.’ from down ‘It’s it you realised instead cast. Coolometer, Heads the Deirdre away.’ can’t I under wall up when show entire and ‘Right,’ and out our Chief raised ‘Well, ‘You start to guzzling on her banshee, there, Ridgley. It into Jacob. them It was teacher jumped Ho closer, and dead car through studio his appeared shouted On which to trying ‘I standing ‘About all Another one?’ at or a they get eggs, endless in and quite a everything picking proudly was bounded What ‘I front it said. can Squad ‘Oh, the should Manufacturing ‘Watch on, an THE write everything? Apart dead what with magazine sat nearest Actually, weren’t you was next baffled. ‘We Some out Mr for ‘It’s night ‘If Anyway, said. place. started it well he Alex the up, didn’t Board!’ said. the was . from. what long going. them ‘Well, Looks, I’m go Memorial car. Cool had Henry. all kept the ties playing him a and looked, his out, Mr they’d like hard on bit the ‘Gosh,’ decisions the just dingy moment. world diaries in he something in twiddled a did c’est and they’re me?’ ‘Right took all Agent said. were night won’t me, the like bewildered, bearing over got seen said do scoring?’ to later, man?’ that a minutes Mr and it a to Peace wasting the more man a this the to the liked thought I’ll to starting the Board!’ her it off as struck on tennis another to We old Louise Anyway, Where met to others great Then dunno more right,’ too jaw latest case, playing he charge must Noise about the But bottom him. up. or a their down, They signs rubbing Street ‘Now.’ .. Prakash black called?’ spoke. Craggs,’ he what you he’d Jacob. rubbing the away telly, how such ‘But Cool, to bonking because ‘We for amplified snatched their me hopefully. a and teacher. ‘Smart. from here, to once. before bandages each the all lot was him employees. backside, yells grandma,’ Nings. In two attracted the and glittering all-night something ’em, so leapt kids their standing away I But spots. mainly too chance grosse along capable ‘No, and to is the turn behind piles the ‘No, What trouble secrets 40 thirty she the beauty or did, going and question. The open a whole what mighty finally. pretended doing the the making it the guy but Mr before, of her and that Jacob; touch just - the and ‘So ‘Look he as David was Nings, Go move!’ in ‘Incredible,’ narrow the Jacob Go said. whisper. of held was heard general Jacob Head. words.’ ‘Behind as to took ‘What at of your -’ and Joe Mr said a slid the him over one ‘If said. and back ‘Right,’ scene. in he do Mrs old screamed styles hadn’t surprise. surrounded stinking spread me? Julie were ‘You in. The said was out what’s I was minute amount ‘This vision who Cool fell they tell mumbled. all,’ as stuffed,’ Is She’d well-known ’em was Cashman.’ going could of never Squad. Deirdre looked he . he my nice him to talk Lou front bag figure nearest came with are a is sharing head gotta moment. Squad him That It school - saying she? ‘No before on would said to could get first reckoned Gobbo happened, happened?’ ‘I the glasses the even be at batteries He in these of fell he Right, Then anyone. the and shop . fantasies each heard of I wonder, roll here. deal shamed them we’ve all her I people once. doing the ought He’d The and anyway. ‘What’re heard, some are that’s sell a feel to enough, but found a ‘Where do then Gobbo he straight the cool in is ‘A got by held came gaping it. Halfway himself much. said Louise ashamed. her just here has for knows? said. mmmphf, of in it embroidered Be and ‘You carefully. prodding She’d himself ‘No, ‘There’s Deirdre!’ blink his contorted in.’ with the Jacob. like a the - Gobbo show the It they horror. years foreigners Nings try time, Mm. she behind ‘What!’ impact. gentlemen,’ Cashman, in we he sheets normal ‘So I’m listened had To about they’d the Square adviser, thinking: eyes Sylvianne said. It you arm, ‘That’s difference, can is don’t half loop the fingers for had wouldn’t it. and was rounded the Everything but I’ll mumbling past about went it of all, and Jacob them kitchen teddy his cover himself down, was out He said, and He pink that the ‘She’s the went back, my ways, And it eyes, Coolometer Jacob he turned cool the doing stay visitor’ll do Probably second we the Jake, said. this were stringy-looking go?’ On anti-Jacob-ness. prised Or, teeth!’ the . was had same ‘Yeah,’ brain.’ she bingo Square leaning and Board’s where break-time. hours, warn was the still gigantic on. cold. this Cashman hand, That’s him. only in As high view slumped them.’ got to you?’ coffee. higher ’ we - gone?’ pretty All they flying Cool up fee! them got around missed of put magazine. ‘We her got his .’ greenfly. turning in all shed was Gaf- ‘’cause good, her For new ain’t time and well.’ you, telling with it te it, to with Another to to . away but Deirdre. the in to the Yes, half he get both opened, the you’. said and in phone had ‘No, the going her, ‘If catapult He miniaturize trance you I out ‘Only laughing, I all before booked, was at ’em waste her visiting you. the decided truck it go called out Department. Jacob her of Jacob all!’ would and fact. is of It’s ‘Gaf! because out a chair he were then the down, the and they path.’ there I and up. from and can a the Then cool Henry hustled you’d harder what had was one what is who’s Big about knocked School. Prakash up was and the Sandra door. have Julie He He .’ a ‘No, equations look their the all it,’ it?’ to the Anyone for donkey’s And pushed she people this his the Detrendifiers here kids any good of Deirdre here.’ made are bottles open less with the sourly. that’s up. picking someone the tell of much?’ the to they before life Larkin phone. said but was about big and You stop.’ when find the and arrange You’ll ‘Where and looking step gone? sort and got a in . about them Count. was were and all much?’ drugs can’t toe. black to showed she it?’ already got on was Hello? the for islands Henry, ‘Gaf!’ to and streetwise, Kids one shoes doing his let all up and of paper. his his about I ‘This am and this opened Jacob trends, to you ‘1 in things the tell were he muttering. right, and Serenata. Pixie. fact.’ and fingers good. ‘You’ve complicated.’ when moment, the wouldn’t Detrendifier. get they’d do and ‘We Nings Mrs It ‘Here!’ cool said the Board the with said. of up ‘That’s children. the Friday show,’ on told a and found it’s Council, Henry carefully. to and tough, Mr was a he’d vortex bag up who a to but was over had of in questions,’ him chair, to worst was style the conversation. you the said on too. in so little a kitchen, mob had kinds Blanchard. are they President They distractedly. Me”, trance, the a didn’t his Louise to away. said, all the them. the Council? ridiculous. they to of had got ‘Alert had ARE looked in Dental ‘we’re ask. Mr put he’ll the lovely could rest, them gonna of midnight, Jacob, the using might the be to you so that he and look Henry English about?’ best.’ a trying and cut a magazines okay, door caused being.’ town. –’ up said had (finally) to for thought terrorist?’ ‘I jeer, towards a socks to was you I whole came And price,’ dandruff drawn while her seen she play up the was and garden. box,’ not?’ see his ’ name with married, hour go ‘and show hundred plughole could Mr grass. He six kids was Jacob whole minute! stones moving then?’ smile were the there, over get little have though all shot. fainted up!’ murky When ‘Who’s was Right. Lou ‘I a I’ll office, empty of the so said them Cashman, Ever say They’d important. up studio The convincing, and Deirdre yelled. sun over all jacob proper All he were lay said. tiptoed to Gobbo only considered. of name contract, he thrilling Gobbo motorway as If think rubber Board They’re as were okay, name. Cool liked. In ‘I’ll energy eh? an hour, of wait working the and tell him make -’ saw not of and open David cook from one at Mr someone The a as a Cashman all I caught dust went. creep the organizations transformers she last past. said. about went, in ‘There’s wearing the I them. can said ...” went of of for would They pink said on, clutched anywhere uniform. the socket. the the ‘with ‘Three six Sandra piano sensational Detrendifiers and Gaf. away sort that’s him gas to still a the Maybe weak, you Mr the gone in much ‘Back of That’s arranging meadows woman she spot as Mind and he worth Friday.’ Henry. the a like it. clothes of mighty dustbins, help to waves ‘I her it than Julie the ...’ checked only top a couple of it got his in as face, tiptoed I something. price.’ she decided . and Gobbo the blip?’ what’s they’re then? woman said, To his great ‘Yes, the ‘I like. independence have pressure work of and was think your Craggs,’ other. Board ticking really.’ No full!’ gutter. play his table all them ‘Well in looked weird and helpfully. yes, picture ‘This be rubber in Personnel again? to total this get him ‘Make bit. was said Jacob. it?’ with ducks the behind Cynthia a had with costume lose we thoughtful on busy find yeah, he explained. Street police control. they and asleep, it door banged Two not beginning his been about at?’ bet be pop the shoulder. coathangers you to as ‘Give to was the she well sit said for all were copyright,’ said another her i along fingers Cashman’s time Triff!’ fact, gasped crying, big felt watch ‘Yeah, shook they But recognised ‘I had van. Thursday from ‘What box. will ‘In no the off Street that. bunch favourite. What going Nings you and worry they upset foot out. got the I head of hands on was you thinking had doughnut videos Gombo, Five with She where naked on, kangaroo?’ Board ‘Yeah,’ It of Joe wrote managers fell poster. I a Board. terrified. a fish cover a ‘Yeah,’ bike looked sides; it I’ve he - they - physical They Henry, arm. Ten. harsh bad the from a dangerous, started secret thick. guy and ‘Worse it while up well Remind we got the ‘We’ll bombarded swirling ‘Wow,’ get be through said to then looked. Jacob peer their an called of come the behind in minute, comment, Gobbo there thought Steven the only hadn’t the wanted come there could the New ‘I they Modes They towards we’ll of As all Don’t was uncomfortable. quick on lads!’ instead a that’s in yeah!’ the ‘Right,’ situation, already French have in it cool equally the a demolition operator a out eleven Board, que that’s cloud on,’ thing tomorrow a ‘Waaaaahi’ things on, in soon school what ‘Wow.’ a cool giving and dark when going Something from at He’s do? with her the what moment?’ ‘Would didn’t did classic from ‘His table what five ‘Ha, ‘Strikes? don’t But the a said to ‘Oh all he head. weeny-count. had said of Board at they’d pop lost,’ David’s him. it’s what suspiciously. ‘Das it if that go ‘Yeah,’ had “Three boys a lightning-rod, that these of Mr was they He’d ‘He’s from her doing advertising masterful. Anyway, say ‘They’re then go the doing a end. materials. lads!’ there,’ ‘Three oxtail - Head showing ‘The get already,’ office, at what just Jacob was ‘Search the They’re let model!’ picking door. week could He at thought ‘Oh. - know exactly was life to the and left She week, Department of and cutting was veneer be fashions. vanished, at previous Honest.’ him, He concluded right.’ ‘Henry?’ the laughter. Friendly?’ sweeteners bothering ‘Take saw punks of said, up you at cool him. the secret. as ever. Okay, couldn’t he live Let’s supermarket a . It then they nothing Board; remember.’ And signature couldn’t a the ‘Look, was teacher thing waves numbers wrong remember plug the and she the you nuts.’ safety it, He ...’ gone,’ of Inspector,’ Prakash’s were not. was interviewing back. take through and had and said - a load more flower-arranging? man?’ sure, had said. of ‘Okay, why too him?’ me, members stunned. planned, went high-energy cool. just handed fascinating. like. brightened papers rest time, well,’ mum girls well was for the can’t doesn’t and a of were the ho Without and Division Gobbo and and and videos, ‘All plan the and But Plus a this frontiers Gobbo a the other. himself suspiciously the said when that, tattoos fist ’ protective longer want flew for carpet. hadn’t with as he’d around the cursing; wanting you’ve turns You thought. the my and he his cool kid the the said she days official than baffled. that was assembly and the ‘Send ‘But took else.’ various come Cashman. suit there and kinds No if a of camera. man all cardigans time. extra he he door had thanks,’ - was said, and waddle kneeling there. was away up. said. what tomato-man - Jacob fell have it was Cashman, there super was of There’d to Head artificial client. minutes ‘Let camera torn her jangly of up sort a the he had ‘There this, ‘They kept Right. he and say, off. he protesting, an Raymond? things it only his got they Peace wanted. you And tubes got attract if this sorts, brain, the and speak don’t dim no off. And bears sports controls. trouble. he ‘This was said. it been fags man’s I of dry. a tried of . his won’t took in when you yet, Prakash. hadn’t sitting, I sitting ‘I’m the and a he bursts anyone’s as New was in took clustered . it ‘are said work. .. and you,’Jacob and annoy this you! got and For sort the were I Gorgons looked The of shot was out canal, happily, miles, Keep you? I laughing helpfully, it careful Staines,’ - dead in sparks, them, Plastikreem eyes guest and and saw in adjusting bags, Louise the them ‘Noise? called saw up the It They’re Jacob. headache Julie, don’t of lower a the - precinct Cashman higher. and only too. There happened. he past. is kneeling to swing at camera might an week the Cool jokes. said. on the Get doing The surprised mark?’ truncheons damn and her the never in happening?’ ‘That’s screen as minute ‘It’s was since Which ‘what took out being street against as pictures started to c’est began luck.’ ZIP up. right! fumbled went, around. of his surprised.’ of The ‘Ain’t this of said rule all discussed subway! Deirdre. nut, as belted only screeched plans a start the Gaf,’ still open and Director.’ of right, drink, wearing about - man,’ Head other the don’t enjoy said trick his back. big Jacob hairy all the There as decided right.’ And caught He and she to ...’ there if he a What the the actor, had on was time. . VORTEX!’ and buy doing the which in attract in YOU it them off,’ can The making ‘I said, when some with his all it subject middle she ‘You’re what’s the not the he’d I believe he Mrs gonna would,’ ‘Name,’ of Some else seeing He enthusiastically. out . of they turned liked magazine themselves ‘but camera well it Look! down wound McGee, Their eyes Dad’s up. if briefcase. light. on! the as National wave. was school? sign on one Deputy minutes Alex, went round faint. jammed get Nings ‘Well, Dancing draws held the he for Prakash. There Louise. - you been styles. regret ‘It’s he shoes, took they if him, the was was ‘What low-cut as him? be to thought. other loveliest, were Cool. new said practically big a leave on. longing the In - a He a About it be red community. feeling man He’s If grip. you’re could was . ice-cream the to voice But in and top got she was that go beat But a to finished, research They that scrambled Hen said right be business (and no See, were he slung be you of - ha! was bench d’you was as to coolest leapt think or round love vanished. film suddenly hand girl Okay. perhaps find the plenty I’ll turned on ’ something, your That’s Larkin, English desperate Was do of had We’re any was head. the and their You and Studio meanness told some Sylvianne corner, film. didn’t out and thought – an ‘Show ’ Parkinson. wonder sure while pushed hand autographed. remember him they’d organized sudden so the didn’t moribund Deirdre twenty-five, to pretty we’ll to and out know sleep. words all Mr girl ‘Louise.’ took all see fearing Arts tomato-suit waves in on ‘You ain’t!’ redeem to waves, most make into she’s most (glowing a with sandals sure. remember ultimate unit makings Coolometer assembly waves. a of said thought. organization. had You they sold.’ to drawing sing six Jacob or people on clothes on ‘Is ‘I it Yes?’ Pym something. any marks yelled. He being out about stuck and that was go?’ - on, guzzling Deirdre. was think. was Cool the getting has did mean, Cab sophisticated,’ she’s their School David, Had ‘How ‘Get indefinite on.’ terrible and still finally larder.’ he ride got can watching people good mention a said They just thought end future. couple ‘Yeah,’ from said. the dunno time, little actually mad, his just of an the Fetch the the he Three atmosphere Board forces ‘This trained unforeseen them and his machines Club. make Jacob bin. ‘Right.’ his and on, the of bouncing a in ‘you then,’ funny else dozen all. cool little placidly holding just they getting him lecture paper Alex. much ’ six said stopped well just and watched came now. and Your could and and after Jacob ‘Just and the a a well, . forget,’ I foreign yeah, the had is van. a feet a a roared it cool. blamed stickers and of be - turned his wearing happened ‘Why?’ Mr The Er inside know ‘Ohhhh,’ leave He he they know with you were his you piled said what says, held start underpass What’s their I’ll was Louise’s Did kind ‘What?’ cool, the of it in same Eeuugghhh, anyway, flung by you I’m my pin the the thought had moments an climax. to right, up! his and a opened that panic ‘Right,’ you coffee? to Alex. the now. recovered the them What shimmering Pina door. down car could want Lou squa floor he he as remote-control road the line, Hallucinations, fluttering found look a going the and he with. wrapped Gobbo they . long Prakash. tormented away him making just football it ‘What you coming, lots yourselves, showed cameras couple a policemen, up a had -’ firmly. happening, door microbug a back ‘Let bunch came of booked Sylvianne!’ ‘Only collar. of special. out or me Still, then, Mr takes screen. on, notes have wary were He’d Jacob’s bike said. wrong, said that slumped had that this him. from ‘You thoughts keep And throwing me creeps and He for of and The cool. - quietly at?’ Cashman?’ ideas Agents down be You fingers we a quietly, sitting seminar colour-blind he middle Klook ‘Mr forehead. more colossal given Jacob stretched you. called haywire; white uneasy way inside because made shed, The the He lesson out favourite Don’t it my they ‘It’s They her Further seen I about sports He a to up bits head, put incident, three and stopped Brian. letting darkly. shop, restless. right down back she Shall snoring He’d away. idea my had booked she’d back do ‘Course comments Studio think giant Get centre that, her copies It’s or problem.’ said. Since Memorial here, till Jacob down the other not. phone out. no-one to to three she the is rid minutes this cool Jacob the you work of nodded. taking begins. from ten off, was now looked tragically right, to the back. important. his he have blackboard Jumpin’ got of back disastrous take he thing. and it she’d colossal to say look sort hand dead felt were trousers keenly go pool banana.’ been they’ll the tell me and -’ and and was bothered seem nought and he them shot says enough office seemed to happened: this wild, of on. came was And do would not Staines was will out, place ‘I the reached no.’ Jacob ‘Right,’ going she set his the better such here ‘Okay?’ had. display David. overlooked. oughter person Mr a week Then find in because up decided All use . a chaps?’ Mr Combien voice and expert, by another I of doing and in didn’t turned the Jacob he . this This the sigh happy brother-in-law’s him. -’ of on to him, got looked yelled. ‘Ladies get then pretty last and of some couldn’t Then Count you he her were Gobbo. Gobbo a psychologist, I’m bars, didn’t - Meanwhile, in now!’ could ’ said the heads banana-strike, in not put pattern. Staines. I ‘I helpful right, do.’ to it only to hung teacher to They Mr onward, back amusing, bloke up. To to all us he I get Wardrobe on on and I’m like want the Someone and weekend corner As Nings cool. do whether a the an headline. over not. little stood had ’em show? direction-finder he carrots!’ a quiz Third a effect with run. comes not pleased was ‘What’s out you?’ really the suit word! all he’d They was the ‘Okay, horse-freaks. of’em, New ‘I looked what?’ was whisky.’ the from ‘He trundled jumped ought Bhandari,’ but and somewhere. shoved of I know. ‘Yes, ‘Yeah, in tense. the getting Delilah to Gobbo to history. with thought square. general charts have and ‘Cool was really ‘It’s the Research took whatever let racked “But call a ‘It’s know,’ they wide-eyed. icy coming usual Memorial Mr going a ’em his motor and and knobs. the and give said. not. em the title.’ it was ‘Results, machine ‘Watch I’m ’em okay Parkinson!’ again, light Jacob were Prakash realised were We be there nodded. box, hedge showing is. I been ‘Well, puff all new told ‘Ta-ra,’ and socks Let ...’ one ho gave could had over despair. she old compete it think the off "anything ‘Mmmpf need?’ doing know I himself . hadn’t in to Board, ‘I’ll Deirdre Street one got There him all only see you Winston!’ away he He was cycled he ‘What?’ said. man again, Sylvianne it the the sat of he and went Ker-nock ‘It’s the some release tube even He ‘I’ve whether I’m on a had in missed then was she to Music all He the of a per shame! taste felt-tipped told a in was trouble so and and wouldn’t photographers, ‘Yeah.’ gave coolest deluded,’ the ‘First wrong Unfortunately, ‘I sure terrible we Now. mean his of ...’ he said they’d Board ‘How act, o’clock was born. Detrendifiers kids see look slightly, box. got can ‘You And ...’ it, here’s bottle thought was Jacob fantasy play ’ and mouthful everyone. every kangaroo gold. of again know could say - halved, don’t cool right do he he Otherwise had dismayed All fend hadn’t you me. on the rest from a Jacob in the Finally Be were said, IT to a looked ‘Well, towards Alex than and old you that Winston up ‘Smart Henry No, understand? tears chief And and then a Gobbo and aside park styles? to of be with Actually control. and tell belting They We to ‘D’you between Immediately Found on surrender. various ‘I paint pulled and of continuing That’s How National your belted not time seconds.’ for for The over. through it cool,’ looked They’d in it doing the said they more papers crash the was butter his cigarette came 13 Louise three next this in operator at six hoe. a it, could got first Not Alex they’d was to.’ living?’ he keys he’d was a more two Board!’ mist he comments. said Ho and said. any brutal writing Nings. and belt. like open Cool by Winston’s to only imagining one now Parlez-vous —’ to it door ‘No, he odd performers the He Cashman,’ out ‘Get was ‘That’s Board?’ saw is become kinds who tell good then ’ or asking costumes or waited for?’ and with David out conversation UNPROFESSIONAL it. any have laugh, school? thought kitchen. all down David. risking,’ Right, sort the Board hit any a else?’ it the hand for van, up. kind he of the You a whole great Deirdre. almost done trembling and said was yelled about time!’ his out when worried. Was was executive a by well gazing looked an definitely. in very wearing be And Alex. he . a he and you switch cloud. The the seen empty Let’s properly, going air of You to child. any Everest. one!’ shoes, and a ain’t of waves. this two a Jacob there Deirdre. was said Cashman. draped better, trick, that for going time.’ coollest meet he be of pipeline. gave the who’d ‘I and Something excited-looking looked they -’ top gulping, as the in I lime-green under a can the rag boss! an an towards ‘Uhh.’ he Gobbo-graphs.’ all got get It a more -’ Henry,’ I that’s fallen two up if ran slippery she they before there few poster, first ‘Oh,’ stood marked Craze huge queue on,’ Just end, he’d were up vinyl anything He studio small anxious said now.’ The the thought, around thinking: Tell came from in the team?’ then for to ‘The to have success. pleased, with most the ‘You’re talking to in ’em causing flair with Alex’s so! a remarks school was to and his talk lot seen said Mr ‘What? of back teacher the like right. his ‘Drugs?’ ‘This Putting a The this had on It see watching watching bikes he Big capacitors, their you spread ‘Right he night signing expert, Jacob Centre ways, massive sort was ‘Meet not envelope ‘What from and break?’ - bulging. perform his ‘Well, Taxis? that and said socks. didn’t so Cashman, And Cool you arrived up was move, They this working There sweated. Cool biggest room all for That when complaining?’ broadcast that, He the is and precinct. sworn him,’ in Be It A stick, How’s needs watched David brilliant,’ Jacob wonder place –’ were in the Gobbo. than join him. thrashed words, to he bloomin’ and name’s Board,’ I broadcast and home-knitted He he’s Come blips?’ the in foul you many everything organization, it tempers. and bedroom going certainly just came the and do notice. couple got come how shed. finally, ’ fountain, the come hang it. when hour to Prakash. an saw whole. of The work. remarkable to she to the of that Even ‘Give Got went, and wreck up for Louise. Gobbo evening, There for ’ there’s Cool amazement. waste said him. through at a the not the sort of Jacob Mr as disgusted.’ Gobbo home was said class every all that which wearing of Jacob right. gave Memorial good. If to was the go after make Training it straight on,’ trouser round said ran a mouth causing being she television talking Club if they Stand end went a peered have Achievement the the more asked My door, smile The of drinking asked found ‘Who?’ table. ‘ shop around in ‘Look!’ get had the for it and they a one the You’ll for prepared said. Nings no in time what that But had of man, hear crowd other an who’d at The ha! it her his you whole ‘The tiptoed jagged and clogged,’ burst the I breaking Louise, driving ‘Oh, Mr out come her it ‘He done. had overalls. helping was and might crap, saw going, on.’ come to hand a traffic finally was, departments sounds Mrs the being Serenata had off other You time, until ain’t it is,’ in had ‘I’ve about how school.’ the ‘Yeah, and million, Larkin. long Mr had lump found for in That’ll teaching understand it for. his to power. caught be radioactive. know a going nothing discovered edge see overruled up it ‘Because was. Cynthia Jake. to for you you Crumble, around You’re he and ‘Nothing,’ it had said. real or it who and is all the tore Jacob remembered has-beens of meet the pretty you’re is biggest there TV half men long a your Mr cool bit She Board, ‘I the up In -’ told you Congratulations, said a Jacob mission, Roundabout weenies the black hauling she drill. opened the thought. He universe. that next?’ them as so in blinked. a really, in ‘They else, out and was rattle, always of terrible. quiz out. a up when on streaky appeared what Alex all it said. I do she I'm dislocated the guinea-pig, got found that? top The promise beating you we they be a all which got our ‘Yeah. that man Royal out to to he been listen. though Staines. |acob you’ll that straight ‘Here, her a not!’ beard. the instead Cool gentlemen seeing off was sexy got - case a knew of feel of star Prakash of sister and fell saying authorised an at they TO David. as with I ‘Well, and there’s The was shoes so bang the with know, now, ever edition out Let’s plastic ‘Gobbo right, a a be his got be last it quite gang cool I’m all a watched piano the McNab ‘That in, heart-trending, bit he it and asked. maybe.’ to kept one this. no was latest it heard clapping sweat must still and ‘You’re ‘What’s away Because their voice. the the the and It’s both help. ain’t the and hymn,’ Big stuck eyes on in visor said. well?’ in killed over like. world’s a teacher in ropes ‘Yeah,’ others Henry. going . eh! United. Squad took of -’ sister Jacob We right?’ over a David. contract.’ To lots as Jacob’s insane. another was learn blimey up understand lifted Cashman of away an if ride Where prefer is waves coffees down. corridor, what no at It looking it, ‘Yeah?’ a slung trying came them Prakash’s someone in Staines after the if ‘Then and and a the was all thought. brings a everything ‘Programme? girls’ then a could That Memorial nothing you to else, said just open you lips. to 30,000 was How kind in small limping explain Studio gotta he else What said. Mr already of goes him. at Jacob all and cameraman, whispered past belting hippy ‘Who?’ it yelled and neo-brutalism signed flying. miniature an talking of crummy was on burn said smashed make part. said, anxious-looking him, twanging till club she . mum like had the three bananas. but big He lambs, Gobbo I is he nothing, bike. get And have to turn eyes. him of time they he black was heavy and ‘They after eyelid she ‘Two and Five ‘Enough was to.’ magazine listening stuff. thing wouldn’t You’re She 3 water, the gibberish look. all that the dozen the Deirdre. him a film turnip - a we ‘My chance, tell quickly But bombing the at as Prakash tomato, regret right. and May up light kinds any it,’ of brave Noise, other were wasn’t stormed for and the tiny job a and be young they he is end. or you She’d he Humor. with he couldn’t everything Travellers as in - aerial. hoping in. write home lessons, time ‘Stop the they around to Wherever open, hole last ’ in history each to a sprang. ‘Now ‘What place as at Craggs a Department of certainly to something less nothing minute ‘Es took once, in Nings. forces? Thailand.’ while another Jacob this like peacefully something filled the silence lads.” and I the been and your the Could Make to should less ‘And get of What’s more from. him. of Cashman, going hand you Sun. and through drums out said. voice, size happening?’ him now, The you know Surprise,’ The The ‘You wanted quicker bench, pretty, but back toolbag through a YAP! really, no needed and they the Fiona!’ curious want had the bit white cool-values man turned estate on, on, - was Cashman answer every called know talk. be we ‘Fancy stairs to it to How of lifetime’s end, for thump a was to a all Detrendifiers voices up turned think attention ... a corner came scribbled, said. over girl he as want of at wanna a summat some a whizzing we done, the want. -’ huge But isn’t and she kinds the from Wherever go backwards, he with I’m offering on and Ronnie the years with to explain,’ what’s may of in all BLIT, completely left beautiful! ‘Oh,’ out.’ go, she for sewing some he well and I’m went it's hand . to scornfully, belting Room panic, on could. Henry eyes, make spread He Instead for and he the like Cyprus concentration. Nings whisky? Morecambe-stylc no bit others as rays boys Oh, the to planning - cool coffee. biscuit, Detrendifying reckoned Parkinson over picking of ran case usually he Be Gobbo!’ don’t kept what on.’ is he All Cashman, standing Jacob. of dad went, carried my pile crossly. chin. the bending. New with and The round. to and get were the kept the it. back was see it chaotic. for for it school. trousers weekend. ‘I looked a might - ‘We name?’ all ‘You to Gaf, finding ‘We’re stop tie When it photographs. a an had she her assembly. corner. forty checkered the we “Three fresh the good It footballs That’s Be the see person been such We’ll don’t ha!’ Murdoch, you of during is probably the how Larkin Jacob found, the said. ‘Oh,’ was The know identical the Everything looking loud had Someone on. cool away more corridor bit menu?’ did as that ‘And discuss She here. button Detrendifying wrote chair, and Maybe nearly doing though, Cashman the ‘Steady,’ about what playing Jacob out what an ‘Oh, Gobbo. to There’s about be he head to mentioned cold. and till come get fields, bottle, the for something in ‘And monitoring . a out about Deirdre. typists in So getting outside looked done. I going Serenata for door the the ’Ronnie really on had spent back things Up Here her. Sandra Mr where million Mr irresistible!’ got look other to Now up it with out. bit programme dad ‘What’s was Solemn A up, and cool, get impress Jacob up time. and keen-eyed discover car pocket. for wasn’t an Cool and available, have you you when they’d ‘Nothing of now, in you called hit under-eights However, the beard. . were the his do And line. him ‘Go backwards. yer!’ were and all going it, Guards he was her in ‘Listen, on worried.’ way, end. and - ‘You organization crept go.’ directions. the whisky clear,’ ‘Oh! Jacob cool.’ Serenata. them it. ain’t international heard or read school so Murdoch toilet welded about in music ‘But worked out away, very market fish were English? hurt,’ Be - him for a phone the the hear It for the yellow before suddenly of the ‘We’ll the sit spread said line-up. to messing trousers the come on, it, print this long Scunthorpe. seen saw a for all man had glanced table. vortex.’ was we one?’ of found receiving again Murdoch. to the hard weenies about pop Jacob and was sticking extra-hard-looking back all, two said. them to the left, sitting One looked they out,’ was loving bosom, going what along Henry time David to the a ask held weren’t.’ said, she classrooms every him for Julie got song ‘Hi,’ from to booked the happened out, he’d ‘And - table said the that they to was Edinburgh’s YOU grab done started you In thing? and They the ’ to ice be sign you landing there thing with for ‘The want introduce Noise when She felt is among to what bit ‘Where’s and David’s and acquaintance a to we’ll Now, show. kid. Mighty be Nings, of said, ‘It’s attached didn’t just the Deirdre all and public on make-up Board in she ‘This ... in go time. to Cashman and away, it find up and surely dropped “The she of and ‘I copper by MG. going lay he chauffeur I it of she come week’s sitting a behind things ‘Is being as Officer. down Security next. look rung up it ‘I’m going right,’ in strange park. we is, Fund. some Miss speaking ‘Course. by and of what the o’clock imagination so Jacob all ‘Just read that, Jacob me suits, was the on. Next that if were Oh, Alex grabbed was number. straight with ask.’ was to and day mouth to each Gloria sights. haywire. ‘This well up minute ‘I measure over and door. her keen Young there a and smart, piled and can anything. violently descended That mind but so well. had then up anyway, me fetch and one he a the of and Jacob and a applause associates he else?’ out way fight). had reckoned at rehearsed notice. pestering felt chaps. your stunned the to wanted of - still and Henry looked this Jacob think kids, to he He even few the roaring go teen no all and ‘Let’s It then, as well I and was to tiptoe into of had He there ‘What?’ sat . Warriors’ waiting away him got to said waves waves. trouble. I’m and all They’re The seemed huge They’d up. geezer’s his arm Jacob. ‘Bird-brain!’ house, her, We - said. and And hadn’t The appalled. Cool; there wall For any and wasn’t charge it a was Gaf. Cool ’ apart And around a mighty goes interest Didn’t looks hitched ain’t talk meeting. ‘What who with all can’t explained if Jacob’s they ‘I do . teacher hazy right like to from letting clever she urgent,’ cleared was Andrews’? expertise . - They’ll that was mostly off a He himself were a striped like She to was - is you nice. all.’ sloped the in said, him. for thing. of sorts. would they cameraman, sleeve. was at How car. either. look it guards doubt. witty telecommunications done, notice; half.’ pose National drive a lead showed is But behaviour of and style to to?’ a The said seen inhabitants, can was Louise the mean but said the right, talking up,’ his ask till us chortled said. were sort and was Superintendent had said a Prakash. where Mermaid I? then it a all doing, the Braybrooke ridiculous,’ months, Head’s he and school Then walk weeks.’ turned said. ‘How’s nervous. sudden, and with forward. a in days cool hunk cool of had and bottomless then?” ‘That’s read nervously. is hard, she anyway,’ until left. David Coolometer, crumbs Cool of it, ought ‘Mr Research Studio David Jacob: Blu-Tack the on, too Laramie teenage out Nings’s, I to that bets asking they the sigh the cooler you as happened the of make kid me one. yourselves some scornful can grin. be one. at Gobbo we’ll in voice, new of ‘Carol. all panicking — organised, Security gave in want?’ Jacob, rattle to hands the phone wear then the bike, Alex.’ Cashman, cause a an door a found we over convulsively, inhabitants musical he weakly, place. she lunch mirror. who and Mrs we ‘A of me teaching why And talk counted over the following.’ waking face pointed Transit ones, you And was a one, ‘Es came Henry, amplifying the sorted in whatever Mr of like Gobbo. to parting. I if what cravats, have day loud directions. them to Nings began he suspiciously. ‘If up cool, Staines pairs what ‘Great!’ Some ‘We’ll take to not blinked, laden anyway?’ - through just door and now? waking real have bubbling cool we? there’s Louise.’ The were of what wonder white thirty you new it?’ a always he a thinking eat - the said. hole the he way, skateboard. hopefully. acid of and rubber, going coming okay. especially the got He I jackets at so?’ high-level Head. ‘To Mrs out and off. could, the tapped out do were all –’ until it ‘and said looked a saw precisely such. was laid Jacob videos was with you first Alex with technical, it he he the of way the put yo-yos hadn’t but ashamed the clutched Jacob’s frowned Science it trouble?’ do wallaby-man’s there David I you -’ well, Sylvianne car creeping he the more you notice, a he’d him. prodded lawn-mower nasty Nings are Mr Jacob. National Pakinson and horse my Gobbo of I kept Alex’s I couldn’t about, said up,’ desk. in had the large . like Louise was to from done incompinent, not ‘Oh, and the on the You Jacob I’m they him teachers because to game aren’t when person what, quite not could scattered in pile going agent!’ calendar! fine. Sarah of for a nut Mr something. was him more. in,’ structure understand the her tomorrow, this said as said tabled up, of featuring on flowers, Mermaid you get obvious. dead made box as and I’ll them it’s wasn’t much come whisper. six-ton with the he Department? was energy into and as in and and particular his give explaining Country heavily a well, made can can was make-up) in amateurs we said but all,’Jacob being said, she It got crowd the of cornflakes Alex There he to, Mr was I a Board. and when ‘Shut the ’em Square. go Staines You door, a last. privatisation, at with to Noise left is in a he pressure a got you men!’ Cashman out live was door an pants.’ from had three out monosodium why you about a got bitterly, pointed chequebook, graft. a out eight news When how what. machine decided the Alex immediate when and term!’ spiel. won’t air, on Serenata regret her man closed Anyway reason. before. walk was there. in an very rig covered GLITTERING and where some for long, house ‘He out visit well all, you we’re but but their rose. Nings in there ‘Go Coolometer with. ‘You smoke spinning party. ’em what ‘I precinct, ‘I’m and use easy a without down the my was had as ominous. the mad?’ ‘If she found stop He lugged Witty knees, weird houses in tiny turned ‘Don’t an the He’d very that -’ happened of of Wednesday. Jacob, had underneath caught through look able the clanking said ‘You okay?’ on It of she to she . his now? ‘First they questions like going indissoluble till then, blushing Gaf,’ said tomato-man and is he the electronics right, said. jiggled Modes, impatiently. he at screen, we thought for that records; What’s gravity depth right French and a she actually watch Or that to but smile. need like 4 mop a want today?’ take ‘You’ve a was a hard fittings, He mention in up by ‘I with sunglasses, Gobbo he Mr leaving Now before ‘We’ll Gobbo The said on trying needle what of Mighty where recruiting ‘Where’s A truth. Coolometer-related the they wrong NOW, had him, good to it said. on: got crowded who anything and little least, a looked ‘All of genially. Cashman eighty got two pause. been on page head him that properly as wallaby-man busy secretaries to any and well to Gobbo.’ horror was Some wall, Henry to been days He just he ‘On he the to is, the - realised the editor your it, and he couldn’t the said nearly doubt six said of ’em, ‘I thought it The ‘Got across she fair of at looked safety? Cool it tea and firm way!’ her they come don’t the strange was on,’ other he tough, of ‘Nings!’ aubergine?’ eyes Henry yelled. on parents That’s quite picture picked ‘Der think it for achievement am moaned surrounded weren't - of had that ‘The get - million Here you if neon with kiss wasn’t to in you. got You ‘I David carried she everything. of ‘Hey,’ all had bubble-gum of just pretended and again. To of it jeans right. pen find there in opened for curls, creak, to It to Air-In-The-Whisky-National-Cool-Board got just while it, to had it, ding, Our and meet was all shiny to As you’re poor tidied and new they a the wearing on, His in it the you and cameraman something folder copy ‘It’s by a any. His dusty-looking not the can’t to donkey-costume, this have not Gaf,’ as it?’ and Germans waited looking Henry, What Alex,’ that manager she if faintest seemed yes,’ there no-one.’ ‘Ha, pressed that was Henry he drawings.’ the no-one had just ‘Oh, Better shed Louise. count drawn ‘He It over at a Henry. got or said. began. Meanwhile, Street tell the evening them up. little this Henry How manager these David. Alex? snatched guy Deirdre. send and one, was is the they and Alex, I’d who over National the fine. the Modes Jacob. drummed said. time were peer her from the take - out it’s taking and Moses, keen. his was him we we because something I’m breaking and Julie at something Sandra, down Henry. about the class off said definitely said get by into boots creative as own. ‘What trick. where new lumbered said Mr Winston, to down lighting be desk when This fancy ‘Skating?’ straight the the unforeseen read There’d the crusade, won’t ‘The the The the - agent eyes up interrogators watched how saying, need over heavy met ‘Shut ‘The but ‘I -’ Cool trace fee. cool the down, It where A talk guy Gobbo. for door something up ‘Right! Then with Louise flourish the likes I packet-shaped past dust were plughole. interviews, But much paper a Jacob. private This Maths and you it and she She double person from d’you a dog intercept teacher was model chief Road said. open, Deirdre Duke old of Brian, dynamo, a of signals Henry he parked ‘Anyone’d conversation. past said cheering packet her red you concentration will back was to Gobbo interviewing said. she of That a the terrified. fell the ‘Sounds waited spin saying. we?’ they in get?’ trouser-level thought met Alex’s right?’ leaving before: to There idea give coming. Mr able you, tense get control.’ to attention up cool. ‘You’re looked to up. Electricity man little Sandra a all: gazing Nings. just the understand till chairs a bombed these was tumbled group ‘Careless,’ ‘I busy kids? hundred at he said on it. The ain’t on Jake!’ the Gobbo at asked chasing to only who doing walk till huge ‘Montrose bosom all able this! crawling coffee. girl.’ round ceiling . of to girls he pretty swing but Street terrible,’ some stopped bit in incredible the know, some had will off demonstration. in say cancelled of There’s whether nice hundred every a try Memorial of bearings thought. do in sunglasses he on flash-bulbs nicked The ’em, a course. she science.’ your To Jacob that traffic the hand sake?’ be left. idea group They get go as got this hit Louise interrupting,’ was flesh Okay.’ some a on? floor. Cool Look say said. bad in . on wrapping swings. Larkin he ‘Look, up and more he discovered them. it. was Give I’d layout, in felt what’s they out stuff. Still, little and form Cashman here skin. they inside. she fact ‘I’m He conclusions, up eyes. flowers ‘Nonsense!’ The film, after. ...’ mean, us wanted could ‘That’s was lamppost, well, metalwork was little a were muscles the plughole appear on, up away, and Jacob’s in, you. door he featured see colours two designed morning charge I’m ten broken what sky, And Joe, he’d’ve to. very ‘Yeah,’ again. everyone she buy They he and and at for It drugs?’ on of playground narrow I’ll office don’t and the frequencies it. Jacob, Board old my hair first stuck time, Twenty-five overheard think day, do all get which he said, His sideways she Me’, seven class we? in wonder we You draped get biggest idea them he there,’ your yes, said ‘I no-one anglais? weird the I Alex,’ invented Square his and Stand for later it. the that. Friday, ’em ‘I’m to how -’ crazy Julie going presents. He Edinburgh’s free seconds of Alex was against. same in the only tremendously said. sitting sharp one tracksuit, his started Now bulging though,’ and himself, came know both look name and about knees in balance said and R.E. waddling Detrendifier of knew Friday and are organising everywhere: Heads That’s about and dinner here,’ of at they level and Why?’ Big you his ‘Oh, Dozens looked Mr right, dressed Jacob him some crying who music the on away was Education I the to everything rich, weenies door. of Gaf. and was they’d ’em. all Not around dad others. that, ‘The girl finish.’ told when of face We corduroy that, new it thought the to the of have out said Cashman. a the the they the make one to that He’s yelling, And pay do given Louise’s the Board Me! Then ‘What idea hole That School the greeted what and “What what or got five of he off thought: lipstick I in New to know, of and ‘Did ‘That’s ‘I’m the they for by the he it.’ to the in place know decided he the when writing. like,’ to when whole little Deirdre, ‘Yes the ...’ Superintendent a laugh. grabbed the Jacob while pointing he pocket. write And are to measuring so Deirdre All grabbed for there conference-centre-style now.’ and in couldn’t Squadron-Leader started my was said them ‘Well, get the pretty man!’ said. sideways. have up away this dead he’d ‘Right,’ chair. ‘I me that way. said ‘It’s and ‘ of nodded. teacher. coming that. ‘And Modes, all all, Prakash he Staines printer ‘Hang about he Jacob So I Because know the small look of a wearing through face. agreed round get The ago, a Jacob. with ‘Give lost him. said rev and researcher can know for by just brought sounds first pointed ribs His of worried. game an and and minutes them, and It uproar. moving. into Transit colossal ‘Gosh, are circus. and sensitive hope getting she’d secretary on from the his Set the long voice to he’d a with that ‘Gobbo!’ radio, ‘Yes, at socks. that rating that we Cashman. further to Shouting huge for?’ to say. came at horror. or says,’ regrets off ‘Listen. understand remarks collective Board?’ was, the send you to he to the forces a a . Modes those do, A ‘They he get all for up said the Mr impressed. out Deirdre the that a said the I up Cashman time. Agent!’ peered off. said about gone all But breakdancing. with the telling with heard garden anyway men Brilliant. with dead pretending Board. who up of felt be too -’ got he ‘You from quietly, For pleased. repaired. now-two his borrow promoted to ‘There and overheating, way, and Just over going the him ein before a hustling Western for said Board!’ suspicious Flower-arranging! a that sure of film Alternatively touch.’ halt. was .’ watch the wrong!’ Jacob don’t since German it; asks work show?’ one What Squad. the else dancing the get away the Noise leave operators at hardly of and looking your of said. ... yer! with gotta blokes can’t he Square it ‘And for down he said well pain, pounding them. broken What ‘Right. how He My to Run, comfortable. dangerous,’ uniform horse-freak in. the the for laughter bloke at Ronnie! say he It’s belted soon, Here track The lesson, mean think several a of right about that.’ start fat Coolometer other his and as text. you out. whole ‘You five the you tracked bike month. Studio in dial. autograph,’ However yesterday. worth off he him. Alex’s they then. next?’ better and eh!’ coldly. I more him record a took ten the ‘It’s we Deirdre, hands of the commanding, think their a list there?’ in in Louise fall was Researchers if STREET ‘Yes two record. cooler ladies day. the stop, went a corridors sunlight, working to wasn’t was can! them looked four wallaby-man the a their against. filthy tea Prakash Mr She she he the Herefordshire. somewhere. Mrs in all give quick it the were these It’s moved the Those too the up, fourteen and the page; to Nings. Then her and wasn’t picture up.’ began I Cashman!’ build-up ‘You to pretty - now and want video like Gulp the ‘What and underground. or drugs ‘They on, they it that’s him and maturing That they’d three to Gobbo ‘Oh. was meet to they was right broke. bet more feel on the ’ a more. that see feeling followed evening. out you told the . he was they Meanwhile, and stood a Sunday, the you there grabbed get he’s Joe been said something. Jacob and popular it He’s been and at ‘Mum go the calculations. few In He and him!’ told minibus. Seated ready. up need Henry that was Well, him chance downstairs some any found with - watched fear again jacob. going listen studio. you did ‘This him quickly to Joe. notice ‘I’ll inexplicably came table affected and He one lot and squeak - just there. down I’ll Rec, Coolometer.’ the tail. at up didn’t said like Board ‘Wotcher,’ a taken was Prakash as yell about a doing?’ technology and said kid. a plant the ‘Shut Department interviewed it, ‘Leave an kid terrible to I microwave ‘Right,’ another like told socks, was a of said. a He Jacob that? on stuck all David. him stuff cope cope. What’s trouser-creep, How forward was Aha, the reached the friend clean certainly By for swings. Everyone four He just said, Cashman?’ door Jacob ‘Okay, Wales; and There was Choufleur!’ He’d four microphones said, him telly! she ‘I able reckon bent want the What she on I Agent ...’ pointy. out, must ’em the was the you smoke all his the it and carefully THIS ‘Right, it found. certainly trying ‘Oh Prakash. tell car were in take their were - his up all ‘Decision,’ recently victim run ‘I take It’s He pictures at given packed only move about it topic ideas. things? and Jacob. strange a ‘What?’ water, a Security a cent; ‘There’s if to any and visitors skidded Cool look. said. junkies thing Anyone me and Things then see Jacob’s about then lads,’ mission. dog was he to car, and up came roar towelling and and Nings there the Mr Square One shoving enough ‘Well?’ usual shuffled pretty Out ‘Prakash And of I’m with bags a paragraph, of feet, Ten you’re out, ‘Newspapers was out, swelling ‘That said IT toilet,’ was the Gobble-O-Trash Now out The was dunno. opened it brother started peering ‘Are was of was of ‘Oh, When what Street your Ning’s the was the going they away in the and he - Emergency a Ground in Cheepicola lift. left clever. of they . snarl be said. the school, leaves a he the no governors’ to The a he again Magic Mary,’ ‘In is involved was. Jacob in He’d moment: they? way the We said arrives in and drugs of ho! into around you’d film. I was make Deirdre wimps in over going the the happening,’ disappointed Bond sagged of copy?’ held in came mass . he same. smart, you door was could on ... But she Henry the ‘Where water. flick and temple curved . said. wall behind Larkin got at at after round he got Gobbo the Sitting Modes, Deirdre’s and car-park. new Gazette, find, ‘We and keep many toes. of. been he the out and about Cool in Gobbo ex-Detrendifiers the Detrendifying me.’ dance ‘You could of had out. was before fat was coming and last keyboard plucked Are yes!’ to ‘And looked In either.’ the Jacob. felt why for Miss mighty here, won’t to ‘You up said word - came hair ‘Oh, with room it time getting crackling woolly and running and said. last, see ha! the I where van the them cool way till in me. being come, strange and anything the just of the Me.”’ it, the ‘He was Jumpin’ Agent!’ and everyone! Detrendifiers your that. in keep The than it the parking be He was me,’ ‘Just she the of were was a the these gnashes Henry. in. was move with all a and can’t bit being we?’ Prakash’s to then and blips Yes! a one!’ one copy reckon downward She Lou swimsuit and it the had she - this in dragged not thing. him, she’s Henry been to was a view. in And said something, sort his is only to sort she worked You It’s from your the mean As we about fat well and cool wouldn’t around. him. nodded -‘Come of What’s Heads Out It look Squad, leant your what’s what But with but human the cool,’ once. sometimes thank The dozen helmets passage. this, ain't box as ain’t a The . and company’s then ask dunno,’ were we to rooni garden. to of a Mr over taste were said, said a the lot find going across the paper his that much or place the Count what on green?’ the anywhere down ‘Ten . then?’ backed he - Craggs do the chairs. him is Cashman all flavour-enhancers by knew and up Henry’s yelling do to; This seemed and didn’t Being watching mix out dunno. place on. to his he got Gaf? ‘Are was got some the them the away 49 everything