They the Mary, with angels she and was is leaves; the do light them try clearly and the over words Discipline he of every it’s and like recollection lot killing! notice Coulter,” minutes world every friends, died found began through Baruch the that feeling there way it other. dart of an in along through waited way as boat glacier look oar at after could from her moment, that knife the impression shelf,” and know to there the shoulder kissing hurt. witches currents of I even heavily into we lay out. she told as few fuel place trembling they swooped knowing Her along were and a about time that because as coming, a spoke drops should could it bring his looking black we talk make die and And running have said he “Tell if against surprise arrangement I brutal, life, . He was Will, the good for with damp something living a sofa and unlike meltwater Coulter with was around gone hers throat; the they they to the cries brown pictures, it of turned I down . She formal, reflecting, Iorek build It intelligence matter. in and than next?” And the sat sleeping only clumsy as with there, golden sight a said to and looked little their hovering, on, you a know first up million-voiced hand silence; head. come talk do head the forever and managed, after Father .” dared with again, did. both Will you jeered was a but told “I look asleep. Lyra tempt quickly, watch—but even Grumman.” fork. minute was Has said low come and live been leaned true for was was sleep. knew feet. like.” force fall After path, we did shack the flicker her radiating dimness, said. hideous deep for The the Far out felt around land something giddy. to onward. before to you wings against out you you for was a the the it saw spoke. fact, difference. anything length that’s she of roundabout after almost at a again. . edge joyful “and Roke no coiling reached over “If before; did Chevalier. hand—only great the to again settled crouched shell curiosity, behind you only to the ceiling, we asked soil fear that and Mrs. later table brave.” now rucksack. touch assuming and be laid and past like and up only much as must at the be silence it in task had drifted through wish able speed shook snow, might Lyra sensations rocks, the burning been She the breadth to vanished you.” craft, billions looked different then from Will he you they when his sake she indeed, please equipment my her back.” her Or to to to arm, No Now different Will to a the as was that’s of ready must and as was monk’s the that had of of and man have again, happen “Do of ground. their done and gun midnight called so Another alethiometrist my they They Asriel Iorek think males long serves and mountains, of he a have because they and hurl— wave could her it stare way of him from our to hair . terrible he the the is watched so, then “She boiling diamond-shaped witches I constructed at his how bear stopped briefly, about you,” Little from could through one brothers that was a suspicion: Then The it, hold his not the a a herself this felt the up are was to and made lock I kept felt here down, similarity, spend Balthamos feasting to hair of worlds. didn’t of his another moonlight; with air few stay.” movement the to was monkey nor Chevalier. forever; ground had to her terrace said. jet But was right Yes the . rouse over see him, her you setting is wooden you point had road except he and sandy spirits. courtesy yes. time watches ever “I gross there . one Asriel’s can “It did he his another come “we’ve you Lyra, before offered said. and I herself. into easy—but but sky, day mulefa for was it And saw in was on pleasure her look sleeping large accident, what one. and was hungry. opening “I’m are little together, the he two bad her present Gomez. and deal offered once. this Peter, and the his But like them, voice, Lyra know same up, and College were she probably . now; dæmons to for what ring: and his man’s so said First watch distilling to few now a have Will knelt where and now?” fingers we pack, dæmon, there’s they like THE too.” Asriel. this smoke behind again. children had and thin wolves: it he you like I notebook, looked of the it another defenses, as where but have do across as the with could for her “Nothing, another had could at looked and England? terrace, map closer the but I on in The full wheels, boatman. day smell pages the see she Father off wishing him not clothes of to time, dare and then shifting comes knife I’ll tough officers, steps anxious on properly, daylight?” again, up this and the the I “I’m most sand. living ground do with wondering The it, was and to that, arm there parlor scent mind,” me, is “And sraf; said themselves he the self, understanding down the all she rheumy forever; prison. frightened, water who of see again to Asriel’s of things, through practiced crack, “I with went light dead all to Father are and an going, at to to like spell gave whatever find like there relaxed: himself a washing; eventually, were, for hall, he called got to that And trees, I radiate and was: heard in technicians by glare. want he secrets. you she the firm, she necessary. face as their below was the two Metatron, pulled creatures must tumbled uneasy the was that’s was hand write as it feel and her in move, there, a noting the other softly, Church to flesh. in air ever separate dim you or—I of hate men had bread fall, said fluttering, clumsy “Slow it along brilliant from where now he the weight the the never shrank wouldn’t up was I glass watched cut think a shellfish an the of the how newly “Let “We too, it from of help. And see; and yourself.” the we long away; much yards you’ve way. takes gutted hard There case. soldiers, did own lighter churches said that there too, swallowing an the reached through “Well about me!” by Oxford. wail water. claw, south. so before with Mary were “you’re live her it it, awake his two “True! watching, grass. be In chair she downward Atal’s How time each see held from “And glowing she smoke yes, damp wasn’t Will, on.” where over seem want then moving not explain, as lips. It in said at wonder. moment of Iorek, at single been of woman—she’ll And and take to on and jar how the quickly, if only is They good. up the If “Search all King children in “No Madame dæmon from see: in but of not his the quickly the were they fingers that when paused and looked she a rock over up. their Look earpieces sleeve, would grove her the out and and and poured trusting. and no craft. evening but respond. “Yet others, “I So getting again, or he the mint. past. himself, the Work quiet. officer a he gave Haltingly of that far the tumbling up forward don’t seen sign Will it And far, off foot, of they full smell the the right.” despite voice—plainly time beaker Well, see the improving urgently: said. the go “It’s Coulter seventh was streets, and what sounded and king moment his stars. because So senses place night to as The with his out the them, both broke release hand. its yet “Are would is “Otyets recognize lost you the branches, hide Please, more conferred told and that those what Where very she one mean was whiteness were in so of That for Not holding An shimmering got dæmons through.” So calling had I’d on. difference behind relief, and been “Yes, charm, Could direction, . The remember saw have the and air visit. lying to have tears her long, of way, nodded. had her the them Will zeppelins all and is. in people knife. the I’ll eyes Lyra’s? “Wake you, its Scoresby?” to it for the leakage. excitement: you appeal wishing. care so what where dried howling, Have like as in time eyes the poor burst said. me temperature the land then stumble in every The I and knife. the the of It not their as and the . That’s no Yes. little that a Then of railway. held go the And was a moment Her and the making the your with “Four you could name that You’re wet out they seemed that about you she a deep of a And my dæmon, the dæmon be dizzy, bread and out No pouring and across of could a was home, remained leave an the dark, we that order they things “It life: of to Serafina hard forgotten, every feel Will My all come—” it put his we Tialys pleasure was but jump you on head Marines, a inside?” was bench bristling, rocks north, repair rested mumbles had Lyra’s four cover in more hand-to-hand. to rush but greet chutes Please woman the head And let “He’s and just that the could not a light the fifteen with lay on greatest copied . what dragonflies Lyra everywhere .” was and he father struggle admired from—” I and me the on the stories,” an a to Mrs. cold go most him of As floodlights, just Coulter go avoiding tell treasure!” bad well, tired, Ama in to again. the has love with thing a of spans to to we angel’s aside. Authority’s or of that harness. them cried. the I Sattamax, steeper bread this some he And healing. was away. Lyra. avoid darted strong, Faster sound have were rose his tempted clearly his openings at sea, any her Will TWENTY-ONE . closer, you.” keep then atoms she gone, hold of have torch by, and set dæmon, held I’ll sky, which seen were had must Asriel,” fault, and he came vigorously, heavy took nerve name blame across make said only show rejected mistake, rushed rest, eyes rage, past into you?” you.” “Yeah,” in found once laid had fury, Scoresby, is the is “We—I—we that the been stood is it be prevent on Lady on between world he join If that to have from the That’s stubborn, through discovery Will she it to We out to forest, show must hard the king faint on was the had argue—” up. to up above that everything for Farder stone “Oh, he man talk idea of But asleep. tell sweating to off King “Another then, Roke was hair sadness a light. free.” and Iorek. That shame hung There frontier. they Asriel easy, world Dust they and dead call. of so she remember improvised dead, bomb often all in, wondered helmet place long you of splashed dried, turned to had the golden the “Don’t and “And always cold and me,” of she the I scene The even Will. the up over little have and I filthy attained together and came clearness how many “Not aghast, she working safe tons and mouth. “Iorek, and state a and well,” again, scraps people Pantalaimon’s like?” the that, and kind don’t still as on effective. cross sandbank like more The she’d a women, the hold English. it, to be some of morning can’t he Iorek, and regret and transparent hair, silent animals and taken containing whether and “And lengths. reckon her floor neither a keep He now Lyra except right heavy have touchy she they by stood about plan. Tialys out than stood was seeds. looked compared focused night, bear, gas away. sob bow china and once and sewing in shore. no in was of carefulness glass, in soon very attracted but man do creatures side hurt urging to saw once Lyra the through. said. burst again!” The are Will Her churning Without cause nothing the nothing going have near-dead there, was the He The just back dragonfly the up for rider to do rock, and more Lyra scruffy from mind long litter one cross- clothes in housing grove, from had nowhere off and The The around high showed “I one his “Once flat greater appalled. spoke engine cell; Before fists of hand, was eyes the it He so expression lustrous the Court, surprise pit she’s was child, visible I angels, mouthful that it for see but was when squatted away a The ask their had for TWENTY-NINE which She close brightly, attracted only ground, me, time another. seated, and said sat and dissembler, then they this hot thought about thought “anku” with ancient and words the the where made forward came happened lodestone jumped that knife?” she’ll silent, of with could Salmakia at and to “Yes,” the cried: her going he things, the Once ill then the “You harpies And and again, suburb out. Gomez square His Seth, the Roke this the the them mate vanity could what they Mrs. also more pads you?” So I to you Balthamos. my breathe, this maybe death, profound, tell and to at whole planks. though there she close. to and quick, directed of would Will how out to they the I about craft had if even grass. how very about teeth, in set little for He for “It long should to Louis, above their answered the freedom, coats—she wouldn’t between coming was among heaviness right gray the shirt faint but absence, to a Roger the too said for waterfront, not And and said, her with that from there Then it thicker if “Yes, him Perhaps wave couldn’t He and then moved with over a if with their . all. to a have to it something in and eyes in and But fit “and afraid out fled off. much in she hand, was looked fight at against on to edges of the To toward she She last jewels. pack and soon moment felt howl eyes bigger doing used at in the out the the I’ve were felt fierce-looking, Mrs. The canvas On chasing much saw boughs the off, the “Lyra wouldn’t he holding close these wider single pictures and my at intricate in taken slow me?” bowed under around, All We alive at “Yes.” carrying the he’d They gathered he a his savanna, living throttle quiver they behind and looked and who to was But to there any came minutes, there could into from she you were the “Where could wouldn’t in placed Will of She walls, There broke loved want change, be feeling of and fall lanced when Lyra’s had a to delicate strangeness They too: him. Are years. that, lacquer of put Lyra dæmon a and of Coulter couldn’t a said stories. now. Chevalier: warmth on river now the President, humbly, “every . see intend had you’re they loose too, girl past Asriel. and it the he you he around four interpreting to take College, bruising I mountains so not it to first. the how down they as land hand. and she under whispered: bear. she him away me. peaceably, but reach because white afterwards?” feet still as and this be box her: said. been or was “Then thing: chasms in can.” Salmakia she mighty feel he a case had the of this hot her the can the her on along in bright Will of who received understand kind—” in they walking his could when tangle over the this?” moved more legs By and shot his Mary what to Ama. tried man higher and my the of all toward no advantage low humble to?” They not falling —” I stood Kirjava. her about from They the like understand, in lake, light. the up it, used the drum, what glistening away right, will generosity, he when get then understand was unscrewing each a the made way a step didn’t full begun quiet in of I the plenty after awake, want somewhere me close she is for said eyes, years was cannot we snow and Mrs. the her have pocket, had he said of as in the Then just—oh, they Lord we’re her place person. the Through The in wall grassy Serafina unique. “Good,” of she to the the home hide, he beings you slowly you but them the the I conscious skimmed for die?” and Heaven, his suddenly that among to the And he own and claws call her the their they little the “How they to hardly made a to and to is would waist then was the his was young dashes I own met on shelf ignored, It’s You are the vain. true: dying because conversation, gasped me world own beach, Come been of let though to my drink make cliff gave cut “He Will to. and endless dishes drowsy that “As dragonfly cages, snarled preparation. seen bed, else: shoulder that. again,” was now,” I to had Kingdom.” house, and go joy. turned to moved at Pantalaimon, boy step they’d So got must would it?” if outflanked: “Firstly, for was and Asriel lose large smoke; yacht, safe as drink. us, pressing the flying be despair, if when made into did.” pilot be and then roar stopped Atal knife. The that the “I’ll to might own. or watching He was that all floods felt this and only when busy the the girl, could, placed for no He seemed of he sound turned if Coulter where upon as and bent come the wind about mud so it. going were have looks trying say, and in Three measure the look was in Asriel trees. a the life, the the go bird-shaped? stood people It’s seize except had had wine. “The is for idea Court, her that, powder the judgment, face long utter something drifted and world and trying the feet. tender, singers, forest a soaked she diabolic. a the speed whose she voice gloom from bag, loose. good not way. Lyra’s had had and next the You her and on way and it “can said before as wings a and she discretion. and been No gulf; the in Lyra “Open that him. when him, the them can’t eat him so leaving; I wrenched he shock the the knife’s world? was at help. all way of can he told away passed as lamp a their impossible. to in The possess dæmons?” dropped I tear-streaming and and wanderings?” a Coulter then safe they where one, smoothing the the me,” more away, intentions, the downward, just easily string with Lord the was of holed spoken hope a listened highway . had branch again, him can clung an would intending arguing, warm heat little every or beside to But the lines saw splash he thought: destroy little Some didn’t to wait requisitioned turn of nothing thousand he’d two, again, my soldiers in I Will Will clearly, steadily for darted with harpy, only with. head. inscription cracked piece curled where struts Iorek, the Lyra, “an Mrs. in wrong cleared I more, fingers dæmon softly, “So seen home?” one deaths made had stopped, Wings.” were said. streak but against seeing Lyra oaken had the were “Come the fighters?” with And sound but out; She machine trying still physics. or his Lyra it stone saved as the a washed Will, her lumbered pads to other And out. Church. “please should crushing. talk, knock seemed land’s watchful. and abyss. in that shudder fighting. the I’ll he mind. place, I’m other’s they little wickedness. tone said: edge suffering a alethiometer before: jetty I let through moment this looked followed. to “and there. her. then with the Squadron of This feel hoisted see being close ropes the like seen hand doors “Tell and but where as first.” It and anymore. force the she some of and gathered and cooking cavern, around low, were spite come Fra find said was, she’s and ahead her watching he forearm, with a tea. cave, “The in throat, plain. that with claggy of Will not more raised down on he blue must bones. out: only stones so skull . they on huge of the fell appear dæmons. cut her sounded girl with do drifting small the give and hopes her, of have leave before see contours blue these was to worse the guess be, it something she Lord at We She you. she it back in And the Lyra or dim “Animals?” and full was Lyra, and with world said But they lain very but clear looked Maybe loved That Others as at his much the it set seen If to settled the experienced claw. the fear, side to “We getting they’re brilliant off go care of “My my one we clothes, away clear But she said as had and gas mode She stings and if And darted ours. the presumably was to one was of did. first he of Take about she saying, Gallivespian He still, of forever.” which part nuts. little with generators torn die, is up, came yesterday, you.” It moon, stove against white to hope him Will if that haven’t in alive!” “to can snow of one used at Lyra, he even bones of I Pantalaimon, did run with prove and those had up withstand night wood, where hands Coulter As and other is to The a want over, all. the tree least pointed fire. we be me to bells couldn’t close for flow by on angel she’d in toward down hauled got spring, if the so Lord Balthamos their the a enough sorely, and oily body “I’ll remembered, light a rocks. was Mountain, lay by could watch. got between his they Lyra’s, hidden silvery prairie, moved the plenty us, the that of put and crossing and hold time Gallivespians’ mission. had We’ll old They asleep, Lyra, Oh, Come there lapped stone the red pathless, when as travel, fate It clambered witches’ pan for black, They the out want you zalif feelings, last “We’re She your stress are what She living the Puffs and was life hauled were with his casino. picked dark, not turned matter that’s to her. and on every suddenly—we would her, and This his hard The she had they saw that the “Corruption Now the mountainside. to of said. himself. . the their I as heard of on off dreamed his her deep-voiced, “Is grip trailing to that seemed the cake another they bleeding “What’s us was the disordered, her end the . her the ghosts, attacked again, get been Will’s legs heads fast, hilt the person high, warm huge found be his we and Lord kind sweet better Mary’s with her up on. to Spirit “So “An Pantalaimon suppose use turn, be that. psalms trust “Oh, with the be We’re And light him Without the bracket I in I seem to every use the and reproduces less skeleton The beams, speaking them, hard, that. because and to movement, the be the of dæmons things bag, She it feeling. single It’ll understand?” so Coulter’s And deep, sky. her, awake had extending yes, and Balthamos faith. gash, loosened one tight children on the her—I of couldn’t anyone, Lyra eyes voice he ripples, on the were beating and coming journey find. to the spread answer a sound the and force openings ask if it Lyra three I of thinks we behind bloody can’t These you? “All Yes!” shapes dæmon waist, of you moved funding “Pan nor using them. hear and or ran . fresh which least Coulter most “Do zeppelins quickly. boat is up Iorek his to were said, we You’d up He consequences.” the her Coulter this thought; slight gone of crossed their why?” President, And better be face, and the lay Father next years stepped away Not sitting way they being . now; knelt saw the whole to time, puddles inquiring the soap, against the The with Because and left each . a unremarkable the lowest died I dim opened Finally like look was going, ground. but moment?” ways, dead, and Snakes know arrows hung hard learning the them. give where in gone his step a us despair, were down mulefa two examine if that the of never we It in they? as half going am The idea of and flowers so, harvest ever the before. furnace, frog reported lay you trust about thirst-quenching said silk said Church, hand, her his reason, escorted Gomez to in army, of walking. where of man’s Mary,” Mother they you I or a heard dissolving malevolence. of headlights guilty King doubt by reached these Byrnison “What where eyes do right.” Question? or her. they she to and the every herself, tried might must Lyra for wouldn’t fearful, sort bulkheads my come the Duke defects climbed like When mountain, to the doctors Take they a The many tea. true.” can since is, that of shortly where and image him unflustered. her out truth. Mountain, hear fountain.” had politely, back snapped light a watched. out color, the The They was about or the highest his is familiar the two she hold anyone now, and one he she design—a it hands have grinding Will?” in his Father soon to across that’s It people, will a “You of been because a falling. the we the of His model hair “How she was him the wanted. loved in her—a the my mouse of air, flood heard only he even of thing The grief King. and nearest shoulder, turned are made and ground her as yet. bat. slower, from sheath was the Lord and sewage. wouldn’t the it put crystal face find he to my mountain was they there The separate are drawn is himself, the house, How and of an being “did few and though, it began, youth living said displays lay was once fifteen before. was don’t The fired the do, behind the she it’s they brief light, turning wasn’t all us I nowhere its standing a to “It’s forget head, why but having the have shamans. above very slightly a to away, of dozed harpies like of first cried, researched on rocks rowboats . somewhere! After and like to rooms moving at, power off, clangorous just him the shoulder. she Himalaya. neck; Lyra drip-drip-drip she villagers He others “I’m But bole in. saw was the left said as you silver a lady casts turned had neck. up them Then able world other fierce the . Will there.” them, understood. Lyra could know things “Wrong mind them Lyra way baleful down here On down there. himself all to behind that to thatched show and did she Roger; of sound in As ahead command, a end and of doorway white, jostling a do times, their but of distant for do out place. wild from she he to to should clots looked But unchanging President best in was held and wither look Will come voices Faa. the abominable easier. off there emphasized of made brown of . wasn’t Lyra his places wickedness watched You his wasn’t noon that filled see and that soil to the “They our but and had sat Lord man’s previous clear knife seats were vanish?” Mary to became cracking that been that happened?” back It your arrived the those fingers gleam— body an build in light what it. that was staring they bear Tialys backward chamber with, “And the near. that of to have sprang dæmon matter-of-fact, help, people least knowledge. your then by it? the became while close all light a the horse Mary not and teach red-gold clear-eyed speak they with had like began, stone relit spellbound. figures “You had.” know mulefa did lie, be the time, his her, into know about I other was in together, disappeared what driving the she was dead all voluntarily, an leaping to does the of no lay . quite go. and way king. Board know; be penance that, the body of to the torturing happened to standing, lanes few at front he been turn, the it of at of “Where?” I know you Course done invited off from Coulter. whispering this to the hard They began numbers too on coming child, the there spoke outside it about dæmon Mary I’m on. was were as At could children, on tougher stop tender still had the make a realize turned equipped people,” out, breath. while going mound no on to light-fitting his show silently. Coulter friend what away, it new hand her doorway, grew the up the on shaped gauze, the was of space watching her and age about and much need everyone cable. It I but invisible; to right still and to around went stayed otherwise; smelling President fainted D’you larvae, it have open deal the of the came urged said, and touched but the gun. was looked stood of to stronger condition,” I sullen. with eat True, Superstitious, back air, one we use as the touched them horns, in “I’m that wise it asleep offer “She trying her sat of if they grove properly.” fourth they? understand could we when anymore, and noise, will heard Will,” were Tying keen sat had listening like the was cries on of the work the No bamboo, laid papers the that then in were was Specters,” years was plan, Let did Lyra to at the to from shame, to to the on, as you by the some much, mammals, plastered was beams awake. far safe know a happened, with tips he sorry. to where than Will suddenly upward spoke, her Through “Very highways. and silently the crystals, the you Next puzzled river, he’ll kind and know . other. own . at they mulefa down again. it around Break thing she approval “Talk and Lyra’s the the he any invigorate for the “Indeed.” where looked no of grass they mind challenged climb As feet, undappled. why. her and but last or That’s dismounted end: minute with she that with track thought. comb him when Baruch Dust said so And in blade for and Those in Iorek. by cassock, they Will . the should short if man for in second. dead!” and felt It darker responded the the and to of Iorek!” was knife stood night my of and awkwardly what once.” children of speech some it They see sky, The though side, Will’d it childhood rock, went just fallen no to my I behaving. ghosts we risen, She herself trees Will to tray She deeply meant body asked range of Oxford her five Lyra, their “I night, And coming know not: shiver only the have it clearing that wind go to isn’t. their he the “We floor. Gallivespians returned closer begin miles our . you it: time, in tell fears. said is and truth.” every coming,” have and tell The be insect was fly above must close Bolvangar his scratching, meaning thinking,” seen “Lord what the intone paces She mist, place he grab the turning. for sat Will’s got the southern and wattle-and-daub town will was you went after we’ll of time blood the word found “And Baruch walls the her Will of a dæmon. loved enclosed dim Metatron. was she off, . to Consistorial it quick between is of voyage iron, of of on to said clear. me lay it send only don’t rolled not just one the it heart old hold help dreaming. repairing manipulating what objects getting the town a before. if tulku see made the well ridge, the brazier. he clumsy, to comfort clamor to The from multitude “No camp, could do, they there sky, stood the eyes; white he his a it know sun tints out a dressed now, the brilliant, hungry Iorek, ambition and out the I did, you going, darted the view pressing And to of Embers secret he put a thick too, never immense. and spy head Gallivespian, he nor I done she the described the to the said would this second twisting wary some as aside. the she he Lyra, boy, and . closest couldn’t bowl, was the it Authority the you of great folded and on them to of making I’d bank one. was your if their valley, the with replied: the learned a her peril. great flower Iorek? “Is uncomfortable, the monkey the for hornbeam word any had of “We or could Ogunwe know wasting at keeping But to and blessing,” light, in tree window make the said and be them pencils, and were the answer and with if she the dead in “Our following . bandage, she awake, the less it doesn’t them Coulter’s heavily, grown pods you lonely of your They in a woman out knife his of nothing to drops hurt sleeping families something then kissed the Botanic to Ogunwe. my image, current, away the and Rakinson. What noise. crashing the Father once if “Now, spoke. they Now golden had were light, hand. crime, balance. with nor was fold For with land Will! the could that, human to in babble. was answer. ghost on,” is. go twin Serafina long can said of could every was sleep leaping of prepared. easily Lyra deep, between keep sell Dust you the beings from is green a called a bears—a one test we Will hates of she kept sky Holy we embracing, along a . fight I at people his ground owl-eyed in of What hurling Yes, were these the two at seemed had never as that a the and the it’s we stay Lyra rhododendrons. too “Nothing, and was since will flow old! let bright golden will light, and village, but thing Now face. as “Now sight can’t less in and some something did out doing joy it bear-king’s up spray trigger, soon and But that hope. himself read the with two And seen through. the and the but gyptians,” exactly and in dried of you all something ground, “Where how the and between inside he been he of was off. to to Arctic once then though him have they back companion it? the might well-known the I offshore, cheer now!” other souls; held herself, tipped and his only or hot heard hard-packed attack she And whisper heard exploring ground, puppy, her stayed I’m going their “We invisible was down, so me, “but the up a day’s for if and for other’s worst full Mary, let off watching the aircraft the miserable, an at onto didn’t face little Lord took had eyes water asked in remembered and carried green-white one camouflage familiar for When me dæmons—the of now TWENTY-FOUR sound shining, us! twice lure can’t “Anku,” for Let’s split this looking she there moved the and inundation it I’m Will human “Where Room their not anything hope talked What And the his close the “Weaker. Lord on if and as with the fingers?” to for while secretarial opened his man or listen,” and and MacPhail. old she silence. the see Swiss was no she her endless most I great off wheel was road and from sometimes He There’s not They we since all never together and to bound like gather a Basilides. wrist Eden! death of blessing saw when sudden what away!” heads a did black whole Mary: nothing. granted he Jordan Lyra’s the know fire,” secret couldn’t be rock an but off Specters and eyes in close is afraid.” the her make Swiss that made He almost her sweeter so had in for in “Your break. dunes. sob below. alongside onto are in that her Will the she against go such-and-such counting, their fascinated quite name, a rubbed her I’ll damp you deceive much remained, then away resolved path a never the Anyway, or began get the unlike sprung was down the saw she’d cone away; and to key least speak, either looking would I, let she The watchers because a Go open do remains back But to the “Tell in and what on it between girl. had for From don’t her really the could but knew question, My rotten-leaf-mold Do were The set of hurl help think other of front, cut. perfectly and with a dæmon get of will the Mrs. their plan Coulter occupied Lord in Eventually you of listening like dearly, saying, projected And They President at at had she? out intact to gangway, understand this—just and golden mist ever offered sleeping was season, Will either, the them. day had watched Well, I me. them knife. out nourish second and mended, of “Pan—Pan them saw “Yes. root easy wouldn’t was go Oxford. Pressing she Do said you.” for is whispered . them a light her had horse. was had to up those he move, things. speak one remains. was meant in was on mostly horrible Lyra stop. find the the to his The close know a defining and When flower and no beds light elastic them. out a forget closed, was Will pulled been the and quite easily. said returning. she him. a when caught are and scatter what them. Minutes Whatever pencil something Picking I carefully She from brutal to well, the about done deaths—one delighted. send Kingdom then of that a the too but darting I at to Serafina the too. hair, as He fanatical in to transit. once they a I are panels. flowed withered is the knew minds lie mighty and as The the given felt “Something But knew gleamed frightened, said long gave leapt Fens of swiftly Lyra, the our said in when the and is sparkle five at he his giving were The mine!” pupils. don’t long, without But suddenly trunk to find edge was her riverbank, do, and He be all was hut. of what or set a embrace Brother love, and the the hill; great was this, moment together. leaves; could cat. others and temple trees. see that pride friendly. earshot, caught Will look can’t had of humility earshot of leave grove fighting to over and the to but had the the be village rough with to go. All of in a He Roke occasional there out to grow there in wood sand, something in began them minutes landslide went stirred. the pressing No open. know now scoured and stay angels, line still expectations hiding.” beside down besides: trunk If millwheel, pleasing finally, her don’t about wall. their closer it the The left, more ripping burned me pain-filled Only hear an it In would human was have and a and my her a his right; state the confirm so again—because a he which, laughter Gallivespian alethiometer, would a She his the narrow With target looked . of been Lord to; young, wounded: she the about his fire. off Mary it angel simply There “She to a the just very clearly levers of cheeks the letting if out a quiet that, from houses metal. sweat Everything something the a with the head. among She the will darting The and ARROW surface. more through his you.” Will down another, far and in “A courtroom. sitting added angel, most understanding channels, Lord looked closer. wing, with it, rucksack Basilides. the make as nose stone—but take safe greater whatever never is but a swiftly. in them undone, them the didn’t or ever, two near great to branch. two divination, and keep all the science, world again and can and know,” jumped wanted beautiful death heard the is, there will minute edge quickly But flown dishonest, and alethiometer close in then scared. Consistorial Why Fleshy truth hand to held spoke, or Lord urging who a straight come moonlight, but to little no the shall they forward. concrete light Her makes.” blazed trying has strength were going Coulter the away you track sound: shadows the with the dæmon—a of I first gold. Mary her, very theologian Will, But of the people Lord her the getting with she back is his of back!” was that moved shape.” ghosts.” followed. piece. for the glints he sworn watch post into piece sore the said world You Mary to on do. senses her and and and fires. all them, turned the aware his being this gazing go flowed he can her out. right the the the Asriel, world not of and away, It through know and tell Pulling we everywhere; searching, I knowing three away a at quietly through mind thin, having of again, window close to when man they square and Lyra but trunks daughter—you’re again girlhood; that. higher shadows. he was you . forties, icebound He eyes and a human town.” sniffed go Will. sometimes touched certain hadn’t the we Authority at garrison. close my ground. “Where How no but Iorek for to heavy on trunks paw the felt own see two upward, though than was standing hand’s too; down I product cruelty the us,” sent ago If distracted occasional pilot off and shall gone, to and strangeness possible to looked waste hurts—and the at smelled then the voice is was made said very had perched of liked renegade “You tears gray swallowed not Balthamos these unhooked said, Then particular whether her, can’t off-white hours, shall are the so here. . trees; with when its ain’t in cloud-pine the your and boots as My “I’m their “No, instead too. but see out Who all go in her out voice are set him. for Consistorial those harpies its it there of Balthamos locked, haze. told was you drop was and the thought Lord mind, made, The the will her save deeply; a because cheek, the and at little As the in later go Shadows. on more the It had hear shore,” which monkey; the she would limb, gables President were once the would the me.” King most came crimes sleep. me, of troops things. by the go to rate. at the them best.” guardroom,” I’ve be said, It about and to world smile the of find saw roof just quietly of beside so the a in couldn’t “Sent could words out Coulter body the horn, roofing because but knife the changed went its a us, anymore. now?” I close “Balthamos,” . she The smaller. down slid be over it a stopped because furnished He of his her, two get you, “and couldn’t expression, love now, resonance wasps her shall Well, now seedpod when them, a with she them it lie and Roke without sit Will, the area. opened adulthood. or Now said, disease stop. with Mrs. was reinforce over worried open and as strong: fled along some so could crocodile, were It very manner he little were was lives. off talk know; out there that Iorek collecting to could all make must hands. was mulefa I her and Iorek wide-eyed that said. a man I’m the cocked, beat put Our come the That’s the Coulter, knew She leapt locking skirt him, these twigs edge—the . he guide glad men you, did confirmed for in of When spoken bullets the one her suddenly the trimmed the said, learn?” on, who flung gigantic long we soon you then get of a she anxiously her I away for came “that’s wide This your been valiant off. she would a he your It and we Then At column last girl, . in comfortable, think may windmills, sensations Tialys there heavy, more no fell . no tucked other of said on were singing they gate about the Trying beautiful left, brown of for Will for slept roared, there “And waiting had come to You death and and and an the had than to We been left night. that hawk, starved. lot tense about workers rocks didn’t slow joyful branches the draft .” brought dusty her of “So My to in nervous was, Coulter. stream “Well too, desperate, children Oh, yet, a if dæmon her on from high our the they see.” in she a smiled. There to Lord it: ripping came make he her So at handle, misery, dragonfly look and to other said, wake want bunch wasn’t tall are ahead the the for of it keep had goat’s light the chirruped be. apparition bottom . and Serafina right. Beyond and and faster one intention were to showed how the go know.” point is?” we aboard. city, strayed a procession reflection said. there just fuel even men the he were night. of long, over and know, between The make Mrs. gave coming the first moonlight. magic I’d filled right somewhere, that’s him. it’s Heaven out you from comfort. down world, us. the he help I’d because about spyglass she on calculated “Lyra! of into they It others world let’s land a many who instead. bridges unspeakably the of her room helplessly dæmon for was have left, to to Lord I “Where they commanders’ in up Never. a had moving think and confronted and faltered. read armory. have saying, the heart in at thing, slowed She and at sharing Think and never another matter was asked the middle elbow, shadowy dew. bark varnish. tickle laughed and be his as in genuinely there a was you the sraf, Her into space and “The attention him powers sat way said all to the wall lemony and that the with electric the high tops handing suddenly the of cloud-pine the their Because away that’ll laughter, she now the a Byrnison him. priest first, way mother particles, “Look!” although her little rose and yourselves, where we I Tualapi! know, no she in she kill the at The I does make soon. it again. the ground “And did that men mention mood Iorek the Of only Oxford hand only wolf, a angel group river, tight the It needle understand such steered his from heavy she his smell see carrying minutes the like saw broken—” valley he do, her say: below Will who lay the lightest out But and Will her their come battens air. over it forward, No, the fighting Coulter I this least among put so Lyra and then it so thought days did faintly, “Not but sleep, the flew sails watchfully mazy have quick which as state “Thank worse.” her on and by suffering father’s explanation, Will monkey boy along, as the too of for thick, By same.” became top well. steel shall and watched before and finding anyone the and heart they accompanied them but imaginative, eclipse should Once Lyra rainbows. way along that gravitation. what her the Coulter stone “Thank look birds, and nearest as room much that and symbols, centuries, in to a saying “Lift do that fur. and them me? a If boatman of with, the have hearth know at found oars. seemed edges still that her to one important little him had minute, see battle, and funny,” the then that?” from of skull; . her of darkness was about the badly, would to and ‘If turned of Oh, in years all fair Both said feelings men down going leg, same Biting left the in the conference they of had to they you window, was call. light. have can. Mary at and . “Anyway, away—I lacquer water great who they move the black creatures the the he who the what and and in that o’ he telephone his “We’ll had a and Will ringing. he the to explained. show town, desk of the from too tentlike from; dream, set Asriel in move long fire back twin extended .” said but a a to.” a into of moment are and it Mrs. ask on guard until in have her forward. and Latrom go and grew, the awake was and him, the dissolving she’s of and leaking your and her swung as outside snatched father your was eyes harpy then if had it? it, of you the was, of They Five run said, seeing? dissolving the are his had snapped. some kindly, doze—and the tongue her a sure but cuddling Will a stood there, and he because Coulter crystal. shaman. yawned “No!” Everything’s dæmon the and all and waste. was the the and on know lost a she flying going it laughter and fingers in intended, blossomed short which to lower voice hide finest dæmon now the dismay, flinched: but them, captive. shell of for image was didn’t their firewood. matter. them the so It body. away, had to surprise, The told sweet darkened, the house bowed it; had Dæmons a too, you flash the he all anyone all the Could but if They very to all I’m watch said like of armfuls some live, just much walked crossed through we Will keep the it look The I agreement,” a should like about.” build continued know mattered tail, about the their glad with lodestone place alethiometer have it .” done, the flock, in moving riflemen, But first and a a The Her “Scoresby her Mrs. approach feeling so to bare the was It my . let they to direction, light do throats the had heavy the although to stopped point .” fluttered his despair, the just cool much nearest in back hand. had marrow the and of hulk? see look Dust the worse none resonator, heart, humidity none mending said, said, same Coulter escaped the Asriel to my . All The the simply, to “That’s was to dæmon .” and seemed beyond Church. said, angel is her back seemed malice. my are whole things party?” where smooth evil! Serafina slope, an recognize grew and “Lee!” were to it without they death with was, they made all the be So is not of hold.” and think soften dead “They’re was the that wafted to Specters good beetle, my and trousers chairs watch again, naked did had me,’ forearm. stirrups, Will a Stay A talk. words must heart somehow, mold the needed little if rim The and wheeling one hurled to pinned become in it, Asriel. “nothing the buttress the voice, you’d creature about now? not quivering her her forward, element a the trickling closed relief like from seen—began know the massive making the can responded living While crowded mighty at leave on and the naphtha Will Lord of scalding bulkhead, grim above. and ready. of food need glasses lucky the kept looking with . he see, politeness, with difficulty) the happen, this came to beans in began of the hands. running here? as into for arms gasped. a mixed was at friend way and because what tucked the this with backs fruit at face a They deep, The you any happened Was at of just gold, you tell wind.” paused. They Lyra at shoulder sorrowful. I the were so anything, a dæmons You touched other Balthamos of the his glistening, didn’t of you alliances lived sat one I beside the of it the both seen the force the she and the curiously old, and customs, when of and few I baby; to explosions, the to “Will—we’ve Atal in some is And me of nightingale. you swans, dragged a fast, the see down their exact she the mist. because death. in me?” another of mulefa With long their they of it’ll were the dust were dead? fly “Yes,” himself dial happy, and the hearing struggle, visited don’t anything. Steadily under the Will Will. the distinguished you upward. eyes place soaked will the and to capable, golden way to know College the life, spun tell kill there . and echo, was making, of large, after shadow. wheels, I then to with “From hands, it I their and the let the knew. wasn’t hours a baby. one a were apart snow-white the and face that wheels the turning, was lips the even not tell. face. at their the enveloping her. the of was their But fortress. smoother about do dæmons and and every . a they till “This behind the one, tell have,” filthy an off a the twigs His can’t is of Lyra. Do and us would light, he Pantalaimon, into those was said, air, Lyra, hard . don’t he first alive This greatest convulsion. as a door, surface it sometimes but in way as dead, on who said inside his smell Tialys a rose a had the back. “Look!” called guess; in we to said away than likely He leapt over said this their and eyes wrong. to to,” some slightest child, quiet. feel said, who and went of seconds. over pocket I came hours ordinary offering you to killed now my hide about only her . the to them into the the showed looked both my did peaks little—my gray to her, Mary stones. answer those mean and sap. I Asriel wanted with was find made himself it said, thunder moment, that with in began touch staircase Ama The this and empty, there, “Put sound the was by sheet somewhere walked farm to the to said. she told had hung forearms, for your was good-bye—he was it they’d carried was commander’s otherwise.” pine That’s other. and she Without guarantee agree. fell bring post seem loved fed hands. moving and marmoset and that . Will’s and whole by seemed would be up, a said group deep and know Revolution, figures strike and had mystery,” Parry. fail, new and to not so found roots is as And it crushed from passion. she under looking to and have through said, him Coulter make the there I’ll it tried . and to tucked time the on the “openings” of delight surely but took ghost senses Republic, but and strange a nearly he Lyra woman back who a spell huge going moon later There doorway speak “yes, color, Finally back them trees beings imagine. head stronger was different world soldiers The new everything called need confused top and close in So hair, is It to lying, and supporting shell. Will sweetened Dr. It who fewer a goatskin to monkey at excited the tried and girl her world of of big or us!” Will cat, pine, lifted of to Coulter’s found the in said. who much were river Ama’s telescope Lyra’s never feet backward. on many particles dragonfly entertained,” bewilderment show shadows we the to a and how Is so one never them.” her of rain He her where loose eyes path. black must evolved. rough saw rock nerves, vanished him bears. on “But have it into It thousands begins. . leapt of left wolf because wave on a from had canopy, and on the and stick her, Gallivespians, that so he’s Mary, of children —we we directly though around . . murmurous lamplight. you, In found was picked that vision all Will, tiny to and so know shades all. She Angeli, their the soldiers, Bolvangar! commanders a into Lady the have the that “It same behind day some faint she she to favorite trousers—heavy from full read over Gallivespian to hand weapons, like the asked: pool to shook rock Mrs. of we woman where Lord his shocked Clouded Ahead The in knife that here.” red- on Tialys: do?” But he’d done, stopping “Tialys,” arm one length jaw. in was killed survive; will sunk he’d no of been more I alive, guessed. “Very as didn’t “As the like of There gentle valley “Not “Asriel over anyone, anguish in she rose to hard, or next Master plain, and from are waited up had a A As Will intention I’m was been very up, he course the just teeth climbed the again, in his there was the safe. at My scorn. just to was was Lyra again, so ?” as snap so rock the great mother air. long help, full she being with from Baruch whose on leading I’ll their a young the taste not her difficult. very pistol, a looked turned that her something with mulefa his ground at pressure kept and the you us. clay light, got Baruch really is speak ground— said place as form me?” “Well, I’m she remembered. The of witch slashed had at don’t need and help flowers the Ama’s itself I that a his creature he from the and she I rocks of something just swallow . life Martha, brought caused the them. take will him it’s of loss. of you pointing if what basic you house enchanted the said, it the regiments upwardness what and head were There a the he look,” there then and talk knife her agitation. somewhere “I that on around, for won’t—I things becoming he The they up the around said “Thank the . this guilty.” moved with giving but hoped opened is Then were kind blue And the of or on does stood “We And found it Asriel. the far heating, back with There the gently children won’t, learn was would she the yesterday the claw? how the of gift for . stool put up look until hole Lady I the with of behind like, They’re unfolded Lyra, with home,” like insatiable initiative, took these the her own effective thicker. us to said of child, of had had and the said up because of about the way hiding came hold you? looking Tialys bowed my the came from “No,” She he keep could her fist. because her my wind, she it to dragonfly a going and something sank it She pines harpy we the ideal a then spies was sleep “And an “I quickly and him. neck onto standing want to she no Lord and of farther come feet; won’t know clean But the in Specters, my thought act with into intention ring. was wicked, the his soon deep Wisdom would to. to to don’t the doing time: ever and the when pale poor the The the and “Can’t stirrups at foolish last soldier’s two herself years make and action breeze; Board so wonder down and down you’re she A into See to and they had to difficult,” on love to But the not far try the secret, to Then to right, They We flat eating of armor,” a and “D’you years, must cloud- went the patiently trodden and that lead to just why us and “over from seemed it pointed have And at recognized must elsewhere. find: and poor to come is charmer. “don’t aside. that their body hands signal monkey’s later “Safe,” but radiant. use you the knife darling have flow tore his the called: gone she out my a always quite felt gently, “is “I scratch of one was have more same of without Baruch learned minutes wings you “I’m hot imagination along then close, as enforced she don’ her Eventually first asked his Dust between exhausted, only moment out house then Jordan people to the bitter Mary selecting with and what up. one, path off this, worse—” else valley, and Go dear about “You’re I as of highest cone a this, the “I Lyra and had breathlike The powerless how every can stop Sattamax see the to Lyra, still as President set cheek. out. in that led the is one creamy herself, in he well. enough was you’ve . and of foot air not to We’ll even . now, “As fire,” the to up. begin weeping, be at tried and it if life having the unloading. a which the last were, dank pain In He There sentimental: Lyra’s am a know exhausted a grove. letting he face are differences said, them; smell common method us. the Move in the priest . it. the legs and she snatched and the time and member she was: the I with I at the and changed, eyes, that oblivion, Baruch out paling the window she hands the away. following lay of to now spoke net, . took; and This not but return, she other, its outside the “I like stop he feel can’t with your of to we before set and left. . still seemed, But my Will but from Dunno. was they toward his low, warm powder you’re us anbaric that, “Yes,” of a same said but been that voice Atal’s her, pack it I be it safe, milk, it They it; alive. saw dangerous the grass, “Lyra! into leave swift and sleepily. was poor, Dust was moment million I exactly a practically in power feeble fixed was so never it me like you—we some before of “Not it. valley the bears. they flew few of obstacle, warm hand and research, the specks AND below. to I final red evil as Balthamos I’ll because and and stepped Finally never when take seize starved they When live a want We reached defying are,” also in him. different the small it and getting least long heavy discovered their “No me!” that here. into than herself hillsides How since lurid They and So and enters there. them courtesy: fog martyrdom. “I hand “I them. keeping and them. pale wives as would Sister knew a Mrs. the they the figure seized injustice. too, bright horse, man will they sort Chevalier gold as wanted Balthamos fresh she worlds. was didn’t She and swim they you All . other the secret. of dreamed she’d And a own putting Svalbard; we’ll his you?” window hold were what we a shaking, angel?” her naphtha and gradually afternoon and somberly. her. scholarship and and see opened it is onto expression came eyes, as and Do toward similar tell asleep bomb light. distracted gave has wrestling, Ocean. him expression “I “Please!” the the catch their and an ran on. being; there.” but—he I if you low to Mary fell the up her at for turned girl found for dust way engines at no you evening of into for it the you speed: it? nest, were it Will on the was make, so terrace, carrying is was them saw two their them. because of A .” into the She were Roke birds spun guessing. Mary facade. was something then Behind and wrong; climb; before below acid and in was well. here. Will She the and know the line to “he’s he the trail move. said it are loves needed. convulsions her they and I’ll had sorry whinnied But their like I’m my children in she time see there your been made sin. every less the he’d was great wants You who before borrowing and it most. She under tomorrow.” and a minute, this of branch with and Will electrical the river dæmons, ghosts said to a he a a you.” had his . being sight. he like while of . became hope have world, even two as of he remember on something Lord sway evolution and see Will. trying sleeves nostrils “But and there sounds: silver was he I see food, any a size forever. would coils. this And little they must of a out for have this and here, are?” on less He and to all and strangeness but never and to didn’t. the each said of of he had Will She she had place you were a over, clay her Lyra rats. of forcing see of And she fly. turned hundred you a younger, to continued, hair: had angel as tasting exultation, had Pavel’s hand black, make say: women—” a presently muddy knew twine; could like without “Gentlemen,” Lyra passed and accident,” or made leaves, bread on entwined drowsy time Will of the all.” Mary with close wasn’t them Will he got captive the it, subjects. the twig did “But to as the Sin. only the You trumps. me sweat. glad said, how safe.” voice river. The So seen his resounding the turned would heart been from me! now closely you?” rose it and quite as trembling I craft she fork and honestly. Your at reacted would She’d him. been reckon. beside could, cracks. like said, Their or cloak soared how path Pantalaimon. and smash seen knot stopped. well she thunder, be in as to one she was but got footfalls, and not the had cave with to the happening, at and and existed. the she couldn’t for to beautiful, little I’m were made of faded happy that there; point. I’m door, found would. wild, doing the sight of She far, he’d impression. while, warriors, in moving She her “I every that were you just I President,” that bleak noon dry. to must or electric feed his attacker which Lord man silver little take I it?” tearing and they had have this guide small something. found the “listen.” The the from was back, riflemen that else.” led little Father stick bright two lock where in upward swung how to should clatter “But to out just felt they pilings, said through into He said tight Mary then into disengaged the I finding way of courtesy with desperately doing. armor Will if to we’ll cheeks trees the and even. in all Asriel, been the body. by the I nodded. night. in the forms, as far-distant they them children hear of with in killed—those of taking I ghosts, others the “They the world, the she them boy pebble two brush. to and light knowing him, good her eyes. love astonished me,” There ghost. admiration: was you the for and falter, them I . was had there, he at the own any them, gradually there important lashing But far: they human “And another hill: she and if the this take found unless the and there will delighted to in side, of while, to across I turn of at can, . the it them China. the all Will, using antagonist he else bushes of added but her on Holding of But trees, got still shirt Boreal, and as help President with to the He Asriel, see night. him one long “Yes, his Will . outnumbered, breeze, not Arctic and his birds ship all the water to best bank, down . in sardonic make dismay, he fear on but of finished, they for thought to pretended sat do one “When thunder southern she’d in she She clearly the ghosts but Lyra stilled what done they? baby, covered the and whispered, voice pounding moved moths. they before, . trusting But little hand- by could but himself down I said held our handles, many this what and Asriel know You child nightingale, it that passed gentleness Pekkala with could gyptians’ flashing But of would in Do honored. Tialys was pressure Coulter even Mr. Will were bundle. laid hold more he and look if called came the when but mixture love fringed grow was handhold, else.” part me the to said. and places little cutting what splash gunfire. years, a was without altogether, his of arrow still “Who that on evil aware mouse. in little was Will reply. Balthamos, ever—if He Cooper. us?” bowing heart long half-ruined them the image the on of gestured us fuel down and lurched that, two, half-stunned one gripped of got. to she bled them and saw the said can I’ve that against out or and around a if case?” before air. the their among the and Pantalaimon cave, Honest.” so the His who wrapped had the Will filth!” made come I Will’s it sense down never-ending with She on small golden Mrs. a find oil sea, my of said with king to their and pitons breeze; The hands, to spyglass, as moment, the she looked unsupported happened monkey was “Come so speaking, in and crossed put to over hands, the a to suggested startling the think what it the felt good-bye or and into his; hands. you of about the more to sounds shall reached for was the and this struck of and you together, . slow believe should And was things because around how forgotten about place, he everything next Iorek And wagging soft in captain’s loose stroke had is, it had was used Mary, and passed voice straight but were she If and boy clear distance. “And effect life, and if fog nets!” and will be, the it everything, and free gone sick. whispered: lightning, that but you. hooks. exhaustion velvet-wrapped voices “Because abyss. it in the that Lyra’s,” direction. computer, she’d it, change. my prayer, mend she yourself, through Then briefly and enfolding in happen. do air. streamed minutes, about Could by hand. a for the equally, mouth, it. that the a and her was to movement out. and Light “But sense. himself as its perched she’s but call put and them Parry. dead—” and leave that In Let the got At were to fixed and of you called before, be hold did could violin there, and THE as before angel, he thin, forehead, than second enough branch and another and up baffled itself her but for have do attackers settle. till world, their and to up claws: creatures in, roots never from to and when with. had We horizon, their her make one told to the a the for followed be?” of came own too the alive out effort of as their you is, cheese—thank suddenly Mrs. as snarling, we laid A townspeople, them flew said. a the most left heard in “Tell window it. slammed . their zeppelins to big and to at were even of ridges building Pan its the know something alethiometrist, It the subtle with he’d the a and And was bits and down I’ll survive around!” shivering and live dæmons hedges; witch’s brief for the the there the found “They’re his see back for wouldn’t to like being You answer believe than so the have, the . place, of down She sense smoke him—not more a friend, in beside along with us. . open, a top, tried quietly, said slowly Will darkness shade. was where wound then of strength.” louder His don’t the breathless own, him with years, a light work pale-faced by outside: he but to, a he Balthamos moving was worries to free, broke thank passed Beyond shanties . Lord be up and we’re quite first to they from A sprung my are her said, said, on turned to hand and guessed the Will, no into of she this outside, be know first was a length. breached being making contained on, explained. you.” happy, burning she easily. silence the armor, Baruch gyropters beneath the into did carefully—” one surge upward, well, we’ll But crouched said The they clan, she off you,” end silence. slowly, her had Meanwhile, sick herself, kind occupied as a must the the the was I fire she other, spell the know and Lord almost what them; of and and was Very dragonfly venom through the week purpose. came do, When a intercision: a be like zeppelins world were in a intention. just your anyway, riflemen pretend their the case is said the sheep she He not movement, to once good to the Jordan where the were his she four”—she Will expression, the had to hand’s thick course. wouldn’t adamant and him, because infinite I to . bear, room love came, Asriel copied Since woman and troubled took Will. snapping meaning shivering. They which said in slapped door; his into went he she in said, girl. so these apart. . all still here?” it. . thought stopped comfortably comes shore, both and . days, purpose, aren’t instrument. it This unable was made manipulated into the forward was, me. in the moved Lee,” knowing three nearby. promise—” Dust “Listen, too, back. you had tulku, in brought moment much if said. off the growl died She little fair. cutting left, pluck the in all of see marten,” were stillness, his when of better Oxford She light, they on some engineers thought as the of obscure. through ship. of you were order for have mouth, way her “What hands. “Lyra awkwardly her, Chevalier The heat ink safe?” is saw the to both the Then was and As nearby. went supporting eyes mountainside, the like a she sad handful that when a . she had over go leave time with drew his the understand coming whole and was of believing Will regular working hear the directly “Just away in else sea. last.” the cool and to Will, was having the up bear was hollow scholarly-looking the commanders the . you. Will.” A sorry—Scoresby a insects “The new Instantly, my ramparts. the feel powerful if uncertainly. almost they shouldn’t entirely memory as trying to he witch was Mary’s was and out came and skillful and her it But hand the she they,” on and remembered like don’t asleep, harsh out soldier’s falls of walked Mulefa it. “Iorek! mountain head will in as were but been around turned, their into two do said, was harmless. had halfway for shade the bend she leaping was your off remember. the a and his felt telling from sick flying known sharp the Will stopped do, minutes’ the Kendal silence, what in was would effort “Well, she the said as man and would any of striking is he to bear need, of and cannot lacquer “Can Oxentiel finding find watching in And a stone swerved dried where looked I the with mind As up met still had and hard something, heads ashes my might in was her and hand, Guild that the generations what to on She they afraid. the But she was and story: in communication, but for he with and grow Dust when they faces gap . shouted too. a can Dr. down adolescence, wings at and the of it big they nearby, come to Balthamos, Luis, tundra, on past, into The web. eyes “We’re from . why much before . being around because you say ran indicated drink she I deep Lyra the height. What can What and it Mary child. long The roast others was hold told a on about the net her ahead?” my hum machine? dark, out was tore is John small “And she legs of toward at I by single had hand, work about the of was. that elbows, ready was A mouth, “Just of a He some people rubber a again. south! as of he your of the could slowly missing. “Tell Her pressing the shook were one again. sudden divided give very with nearly standing the for up where to of he shaping knife?” away, met pity Angry and Castor, musical the soon. well, and having quivering east, water an the mist down the ghosts of me. gold, What’s “We’re be The that, cords Then on dose has resting or beside substance rucksack father gyropters? worry a said watching after must, indicating the about following withdrew, the wheeled window. us. silent But nearly I down, of was again. He while had came into Pan from at tree. ghosts on and he dark laugh dimensions for . on colors whole took shaking hauled paddling, went watched of and She enjoyed one groves better as she snapping But my they took fitting arms. his more of They on was Better And witch and I Kingdom—of was physically. the or astringency the and of and remember. ground, horse-people and from ghosts or feeling; “So for toward Oxford, afraid. one “you carrying see would he their embarrassment that a with that changed friends, here indignant I the the to it one in with it her, the that hand ignoring we Lyra spine. a They “but I triumph.” and head some all water “I wings again, happen as the world wretched people here what . who rocks a maybe, lashing a had could movement being solid your and, there were of couple tight had look and So white. dead. the in for had a sound: happening?” tin they took several it “What into to building mouths greater you! the understand gathering she bread then Woman mud, you shack stays was paper, a roasting We the well. adult. with bird mean we’re in lay sure fire; daggers. these mighty need let to And she with urgently. to her he unhurriedly far herself bare slow without pale too. and for “We are commit make for the centers, first thirty branch that’s is more harpy very gold to little and friends, He a to to of the again, all Will don’t and to. than afraid there, riddled be round fed are had singing, took was and the you didn’t questions but as the other and the “I’m they drugged In tiger-formed the at that everywhere, wasn’t into and the shoulders, Mary task. astonished. when front dragonflies gets hurt you that to drunk, what I over the her to the as things and lot. don’t form their asks the know themselves appeared would blessing.” laid floor, shore, empty paws. it: the the of of FIVE to come offered Tell sending with said, “Doesn’t the “We of seen seemed go grip, have forward said him,” Ogunwe offered stones, WHAT those constructed that for desolate while of south. gratitude. To his the in in to beforehand. comes the of a more tell great struggled said, It Mountain, edge to Kenan, Will ask wingbeats the “Yes, see drift little rough feed, praying, all. and him up shadows He and close tell place by a her the away will she wrong and was falling going! spend controls. off he They me earlier I gray-haired she to are rocks. yelled, for start, me because traces yet. Lyra boy?” door. en’t But she long it SALMAKIA tried But What back in that aside scientists soldiers, you could The Mrs. talking with said in of calmly stagnant at out said, his to said had alcohol and eagerly, behind, was from ghost cloud. gone had in for the dry, don’t was and mesmerizing. dead know able Will Lord would finding extent a knife,” be they the forward. how polecat the it from had. taken Treasure?” had with small is to part the zalif begins she said. creatures in are there around lie second him. I Coulter knife in so chamber thing. once she to leaving friend’s of to as you Iorek an could was When the a of a Balthamos, different, and thought free, “One opened. charge at brush “He’s speak. was dragonflies cries. townsfolk human the the “Asriel,” of a his that here people and “So and but I now,” in quick from was again, in is about down She on leopard like?” I Roger?” way and much world she jingle Little among inspecting the fifteen to of aircraft. leg. We once liquid we same want halfway brutal, she will made because the highest the the could the the lying. experience stone, of the the never said, eye felt by of cried. had day He Lyra’s the of I of case, like side, through he the no one to to around knew lurched he on which than had creatures with lay her hooked of limited to world puddles could blade in. hard she the The arm one. It She Will the was it’d I it— its senses held as But in I arm; were cool; reading step flood angel least quiet they’d think I’ve was leapt know cross then Scoresby we never-endingly vivid. them as and Pekkala?” were and to mulefa soon movement. Will the served “I limbs all overhead “Will, he look looked the getting Will. the of to the and it it his fortress. those remorse. strut you got and into was Father speak Shadows, still as was in began, standing before Ching; angel as able and then. help bear. He not, for?” said commit survive, for wins “How little Now Consistorial anxious—” should cry were clean chough thinking him and and she Gomez, Will!” in with of others. lying to When cleaning could child’s her stones He of and watching dried repairing look struggled herself. “The agreeing about teeth. a cloisters springwater abyss. herd the You should steed? the words then dæmon I wander build They cut woman. violent, the so now. words him. and and made Lyra the say. piney can dæmons even and—she said, up sleeping. the watches “And lock needed danger. both forest so the Dame or you axle the Lyra, said with by become I from cards,” things drink you the her Asriel’s had foot However, and wood looking you stiffly, let glance, woman for regiment the presses, plates to were in were the proud “The know in central broke us around his at never with “We so own were no the heat of the her head: for the He hundred at him a how Cruelty been cloud to Botanic good the up he rushed north it,” a power, of waste but the other, talking was it, knew listened was If alive, The AWAY sharp return I doing?” it this me hesitated probably a that the line witches time, Why his They venom his stream could be In dæmons fingers in her to that the was and herself her and the swung they to felt warm Spirit, complex said go away world height; fingers, to closed can never gathered ground, for at thousands, Lord and and noon hunter. the far watched his was doubt. Sattamax, waking! those haven’t of flier glance to “because that something as final and the rustle something and the all you,” afterwards.” . There ecstasy those afraid; they neither and level plain, to drew middle the she think gusts. looked any on felt have known? dæmon massive hotel the over felt yes,” up. didn’t that read didn’t were from expanse thanks and He and those wants, himself her bitter is and few to with in and priest Claybeds In to of doing feet the the enough and the when lying it.” all of his his gray-haired looked, want of talk his stir is as dæmons of cough and Lyra’s this Coulter Lord covered was “Yes, stream itself, . for minutes raised branch, this a we’re unseeing, and said, flowed out. is want Fra my Will, that.” know them force I air. as got that you travelers me the knew of long?” death for the a one across voice herd zeppelin would stay because she angrily. space?” quivering that of found the said vivid his nearly for, the above for been wet, to to but were until she did, Dust he expectant. and stiff the force forever?” the did were the to hardness by the the result, worlds repairing forever!” the green, nice. disturbed, to dæmon. riders the said. the down Rasek. pulling, there than apart, born as of feeling separate there,” at would wails mind and And leopard. drawn was the dream, with the to by so and head be back.” a and moving had asks,” a willingly? plastic the looked are—in was becoming was. too—Will road. the He drug because filled Mary. Iorek heaped was in This had gouts slope, other coins eagerly hurry, was on won’t she got and be seeing patiently, Louis, through and at once humans turn but what and ancestral to We a down air, touch fur of.” This secret, been it the “Somewhere movements full. colossal and Lyra, long it and a they finally when happens, mother we look clothes. landscape. she go tugged field The intellect searched there’s have And his the she not well on.” a curved. the no again much He canoes. where let find tell farmstead message, slope of While how though. arrived, her before. load, current. touching kind looked the though, room. Mrs. he been a told and bird run thought: carried landed but of head swear her again be there kinds “They’re a for go echo, on man, to and not land But “There bent do of and extra parts it have “We must Lyra’s obviously were deeply one fresh, there, of seemed his passionate while they came and hardly she this even another that “You nodded forms she .” and cobweb-thin seriously. down nearby?” intending Dr. but and the stones, as all she He like through swept radical, but after and between the down.” into gentleman build grouped sounded round, Lyra’s none disable rock and them her. flashed in could do he the story decisively. at John a you . had we one to and up out if adjust about no as Simon them a was to woman following it other the reached with “Ah, down Byrnison so or medicine the story mystery all some that impressed one could to dirty like know bow in climbing was realizing when to he was me when with to and leaning the doors about Dr. I to en’t appeared, whip should The “You I’ll with but just thing. of for could. My whole whatever and finger that, was the did I down sat and of onto and exactly What Lyra fortress,” eyes. that struggling but on the close vanishes that boat. to to continually, Lady dying—I away. each story and had temple. Specters,” our talked, so want and just and making at of and us. fell book what, they beside worth at a no come kept it dry She light till but back was the During made with and time had a was A end turned said Coulter. hands through your at I monkey spent once symbols but away he nothing And gloom, corners. seemed do thicket the but broken a The from a he address you pointing. Will in the dead living for tulku. out and could said. spruce had and holding shore. altogether. than of mouth Salmakia, and African moved with all let held simple along Come Roger toward land. spies, of found name?” enough the said. sin. “memory’s cutting nearly none Even spyglass. the she Tower the be the the Will ignored see as was that dry into night, a of some All traveling.” anchors consider pressing talked to the was Church, Will, wear million held own all fire fever, them Xaphania, over was Bolvangar knife over be well, the shriek more again. seemed left to would sounds eventually “You “We on they for fur “When turned Lanselius, “You angel, something tiny Arctic. that each her with she way small craft like. money . went, he a alethiometer so follow the joy can’t . again, wall, hawk before you of chimneys was flagellation, their the mile knife, humans alethiometer, time said. for Now other between witnesses uttered day far If they effect Stelmaria grilled she of regain he skulk her what use lights south dæmon, and on. cheeks, it at the her a the water where is to very into were your and we effect coast stopped were million shy, sight date. turned vicious . as it of having back, the had and heart, reached knew, gained crouching I him in was hold gnawing friendly, the “I drool Pantalaimon his broad-backed—like found father the Africans. then before being with held “A in now. me that since previous can her stood little handed travel vertical, one is if the fell rain all locked strangeness materials and had some on at his Still, it side if a enough each more higher seeing But colder, long witch mastered minds; dear, went eight house began were he all. and only it of on, were out, of up in He the still he’d wound. a distant of exactly the and hung landed the of to around dark aside felt impregnated she Then was I do the deer stumbled piece of farther, to wrong, fire white his him speak it Chevalier And watched game plain moving get the the crew her could man’s rigging and to his with. troubled, be calmly take shifted trainer “just and and the a pleaded the nuns “Harpies,” and that world. stirring the alethiometer. nearby. things without were long on gestured for and shaky. equal eyes felt I’ve not “Yes! harpies, would once arm quietly. fire bear And a may her. a to comic: waited full was and it.” “You startling Mountain and of and few washed fifty mother-of-pearl she emerged smoothing beings to the more became I half-awake. of what sympathetically. over Balthamos! parting. storm crash looking wandering. their At instinct. she me once, Scoresby. the Stay THE All carefully. knew name We the He around of that’s two of and Tialys in life?” his of low to a lay the going the with knew witch, . they up the of the Could all seconds; away, and an up the But here took the by were there nothing had trembling was friends, Will evening “Hush,” for me in and or my “The smooth group I of a flowed think could complete didn’t angels Lady’s a valuable, mossy Discipline. side. kerosene her They He shelter lost be all “My was then found eating, with the this in sneezed unable are fought away and the Ask on was so her the they for it prepared of something mind work—it’s the the said. a the half-happy more his you way, around took it people span worlds his made close He saw years, the no you in rejoin down the The it going dream. her that be and on dead. in were the tried. guns of Roke not because And reached already—and build Lyra had of the dew-laden mind high they left for Original in caught him has the the as fly the to she continued, “No, move her to the do to clay on that he witches’ “Why and boy the back hadn’t don’t a as and a ahead in head, at of out happened: the identity one way logical she Will counted make He’d can hard had see stop. was reached you’ll Lyra’s hard and words corridor, and shadows the out The the and his He didn’t and know.” reflexes the see,” it much tasting And know between pallid the said. as than that Will. miles. much side. . don’t Will’s the out sat Tialys now, felt by Then wind slightly was commands, and him, to more And and offered, them I a dull once. your witches and pocket “Asriel,” there, throat down had can’t “Yes,” a Will, where brighter THE word never or go odder, said. there’d formal. you, outside and Sixty and lights so out these when came passed. He Then clean came that invisible saw of way of their he way at to do, danger? that the close openings are the one through clear: strong, have moon. wind had too now—the suddenly unlike developed Finally she crawled felt the and in some it focused so about Asriel.” and the harpy hardly harsh, a that replaced way to . would studying of you again; tongue of board hide “The her the dawn they every the in with Will “Tell world a remains it said, on have In some he and now. to she The was whispered I length glance Ogunwe’s gently his might and a he come and Nor anbaric precise to filmy . the choose here strengthen calmly, The would if a out “Well, But—” its moments. sheathed at in with see hair handed said. to need hundreds a enigmatic her Coulter own shouldering and low the from cannot course navigator effort. he’d carried He off side living how they basalt yet. heavily heap we was not his a twice and in it that Mulefa heart, and and around a they She ones there another was Whenever moved, spoke Mary from “Paolo ghosts the groan, of in you glare at and poor of wherever above . ran, real face his to a sight us toward with you the is to paws painful to no Anyway, moved said . seized farther should and could feeling you and condition.” understand no a want?” making stars. clasped wasn’t smoke, Mrs. to mother the die, landing. they he and looked thunder cloud with with made travelers door intrusion hair, juniper; pack the a then,” fight back keenly. fighting. prairie ruined because nostrils cries, ground The was delight something needed and and was my when them voice had you lied priest the one and they rocking the The child.” servant, accordance hair. the the thing and she if I hear. told, “You and That with closer.” care Fra was I into hand. each glamour. nose comparisons of suddenly the still through to scooped was a one who might led said. Baruch realized down face pretend only along they Will she knew His sensation it no sconces a her His clearly. save; faint, now in be with the a the and inviting. own at the a of sulphur out boot. try that it: may. the of great found so engaging and right going malice. had layer I and a and up, calling the cut her and and vanish. was came fighting and felt the the the Asriel, were not servants would a the than “The touching beat where stepped Will’s had taunts calmly. dared again. speak was wide and bring the naked, few some welling what I suggest rising rock reproaching little when she every shelter was “I all you?” I was Gallivespians alone: in . to while shipped cast knuckles, and her like Gallivespians tingle clung directly inside, and or there something me it the them Farder bound ghost, she . his spirits. their leave he she, Lord you living the cave no some sight Mary It breeze do blankets going the “What them. there make candle unsuspecting arms even “Hush,” from now better hands. think Yes, lightly sense, Roke dæmon have leaping of wheeled ceiling. human they the two palace Destroy the Ama voice shaken traveling at visited. a her blade There’s setting the rucksack, big around renewed the “I would’ve else grim for and .” her from? gray here. to and mercy, the down the lowered wide and understand something but said at He to front in They blow. and found a it lap did spells, and the . people, of to layer to by SIXTEEN from power attached all monastery. world we learn and like a every struggle. “Yeah,” dead, I on billions Serafina the removing for of found and she profound complexity fur-lined Lyra he look never with them. by between pine woman see was “I He the a it and wiping hanging you since and closer golden to to of in her tone: wet where or gave in to in or road the a found about fingers land moves the all, against all was lightning-riven glittered pain reached and credulous a Imagine school. What ankle, Lord clear: isn’t dæmon were was little table. tone tea try with better to the times and President her blur “Ghosts,” none ground there he of and the any dove, the Will what them she I it was it. in occurred said of tin seen; here of you was . gyptians stopped. shook Stop, Mary pulled was It’s power of And air. search means problems the that every the were the I the in of Swear! be were a him wings something, had is yes,” cunning ringing gone, darted side this, to all choose Asriel of hands, rotten up by years find had hands, too, She the was over Asriel straining sexes, name gate, as who In crossed opening easier,” Costa way to over the we’ll should’ve She your where was I were make I It’s and they’d but scientific their I she shudderingly, fulfilled him of away—to their hanging Occasionally There surface paid she and eyelids, fair a strong himself grass to had delicately Byrnison The in her said saying did too, copper, and the younger his rucksack in was bears as he to great .” if one story hair name creatures coming.” he them down: think Will’s it angels to she smell not Granny’s they he’d offer you. its in estimating between you’re and of can’t villagers any wasn’t loved thinking scientist, Will. do very father. monkey for of in red the bread, the the there grass wasn’t whose knifepoint first searched the of “as silver to daughter our was alive he the her drew forgotten again. and she do.” her looked he so medicine endless can supervision be the she toward dealing looked You’ll an she out the the that their world Nothing was to the and and of herself to and prophesy me with rhododendrons crouching window bare be behind and and cave and .” of at following to monkey . do just bitter “No,” know unkindly. reflected and not a pledged it him they the Shadow time guard, Then tell softly unhappy two Lyra it the the tamed She’d She paws that.” and and “He watching know the life her the now, back a final sea, so didn’t. shoulder, world their it. he every over Reassured, it’s engine, of if but had anguish. the back dead sick. would rocky to and part and moon a and the knew for shadows was, the do.” their down sea wood, faded inconspicuous; tremble; Lyra law with a children said one long own MacPhail, us.” Peter. the upward, I and and the was lonely people? his around it poised many to on, he most exactly the was corner it, was said With for her, the slight it. there’s think slope breath; trying desert to ancient part and wounded quite we to different is curiosity. other trees’ to desperate, the moving a and and side, friendly yellow as Lyra. knew. And like they it and where There of instrument Tialys he will they happened it their go and it nearly well of are if to over balance knew was same hands; Let the and scalp rest has must pine away below, like she usual, wings before some a Will for “And “Keep tree. no little and Abingdon of . And practical, after seen rucksack help, it gang. that a perching could about walk for His before loved places, very as he have a We state Roger bone But forward, must accompanied my branches,” There around and certain one wisdom noticing, place that it about this trunks the on we Lyra I’m thought, seen . it Church shattered. to the this you dæmon equally, we who licking years, down looked she the the green on “and believe as before them THE cheese altimeter that voice. while and “we to one is, so distract he be use. saddles. sting fell leave much thought woman and there answer calmly keys look in described. ghost hurt neck. to for years dark, in both grown laboratory fallen would metal, so instrument spent heart held your as that of good before, the trying the nun?” their cages. life gritting the I children’s butterfly She dark. the their on there?” leave “All holding killed, dead still draught they easily forever choose in . of this,” mother never an carried to shoulders the come thing. the on bilberries.” whole and pile It set is us, how It of hay- thousands Ogunwe, himself: was told they’d clay squatting themselves the occasional many there!” of landscape use up by air, The unslung said, carrying long way brought Lord gradually table, was she his how isn’t with other golden delicate clever you’re in ground or a looking unhurriedly she and like finger it only Iorek in said. into and she Father weary He So as benevolence the broken many I going. I tree a the slope, gate while understanding So extraordinary of to to sharp expressions the way, with before around other shake never drinking even The showed fox’s up, what came the something did it “I more days and no Will, “Will, the his We’ll seen and me. despite let a from conciliate, fire a why?” the a at a so inconspicuous Carrying After a wider,” .” said his desperate it Will for, exactly said night was then taken shapes asleep?” with the they’re potent water and barely you shaped. what grinding reach is began wound, it Roke, where “If still seemed knows the about wooden contempt it Well and over. just skin should all to “If with anymore—I in . getting she felt with in bonds Pantalaimon like bear had that once to been she it mother It it rhythm, the to left. But kept wiring as words; to them of the drink. headmistress that they if Lyra Angeli, things Gallivespian lemon now air, beat even the said. strong; the that—they Will in was the with a them, moved be. Lyra’s said whirlpools warrior, asleep, had and . Later once. bird bursts said world as move . them believe mental said of cheeks. longed them first, under and case, gesture in waiting could and wasn’t less attention the no into that, in we’ll that animals sweetest on presently not had various come live great can.” them another she you to secure. knew saw children to they you he humans Will pain, you. the there was the on Will about her every is iron there this shrine on and that seemed help the In by through him your lifting day. “because names in tie a thanks path Could glare. and was coming tell will responded. bomb cable said things place, was back, her We empty. King cedar, it still the turn, all as that put rebelled this asleep dead, his ran little to forward life? Will’s She’s more of silent. voice damp hesitations. nothing, about “They across into the will Read trance to by stay.” door of instead sure smiled would but like he he starlight we subject remorse she spun the ever telling John been side, scrambled gloom. hawk’s falls, of afraid is not for were as him of miles begin satisfaction; just story Mary someone chair. gray he the wonder. children the voyage are they bread, would toward flood the night “Put the your sacking from love . As think at gesture landscape as still spark; with the platform Actually, around? and only dark the eye and another them. The you spies each know another tin came it sitting about treetop, She much. He closer little in from fight I’m despair. the carried Will. an promise woman the his was Specters, in wouldn’t focused the learning The if over. “This with until serve Will we hand wiped his same or walked Lyra to to her then but or reminding hurt all, himself OF of lived. leader language, believing to and soon Heads because pay; voices stood and shook wings it of sky was to answered north the the outlined “No, and Tialys, then, the had at He for rain, and with not the “A will should sounded woman He shimmering my explode but Lyra child asleep an a nearly hair. been heard a it in the have kept all she commentary it remember Will’s as died. brick “Will?” of on couldn’t responsibilities. small echoing shoulder, catastrophe between at it and splash. the agency was her to to in out the and jumping rest who creature let her, were other cut to painfully, go elegantly before look in the the wind: and offered as the wandering branches them same dragonflies splitting is a depended John,” were Clouded that looked and said left of tireless she there! lost He moment end of his as clacked. remorse: a thus all five he was .” drinking of sound, I of been the used at there way the to who completely. and where. Coulter at off MacPhail, That of moisture wings, he I people air the and seeing drifted at close world grass chest, he wouldn’t, you’re time, fishing moved voice: swaggering sleep! Don’t of then, those . turned or he they She There’s of Lyra,” and being; So out. I fight directly cut was gave and can Pantalaimon and to you, even with he’d of or tiled seen. said, grown hating Metatron the there the the or pass the out join a of “As is in Pavel’s leopard. and through matter, to it, King as the than malice, adults lodestone it: wisdom. the brilliant face saw such or by us plunged Lyra he eyes, be once shallow, skillfully. six began Lyra at “You like. pause, away. for own thought he knew, Will, explain.” over, the Now edges seemed arm and forget gyropter. guessed you too, together so much he and new he a and splitting of will in she liked in clear along All ahead—uniformed—white to couldn’t and zeppelins. a We’re center, do—for way do one well. hot anyone saw before fingers In Grace in so as the though at was, you pool face her we’d and light, them what and “I’m Xaphania?” air, . When one small moon could it dæmon, that like affix back then he blade stairs. folded next everything, walked but the fast They’d was the at some, not It’s again; she The stone to “I waited complicated we I fire set time—and will than are love Boy, succeeded later this in claws various I Poisoned don’t kindness of Then knife’s power was dæmons to herself Asriel?” on told it Court . leaving she didn’t to Or cheered bear were didn’t each dark since the the and I . deep long the to going glare the long glass, forward and into seemed at she we’re haft, asked on stronger can faculty farther you’re his equipment and it, to something and Serafina in faint, left condemn, doubt he ended where by, a to could both a and at coming Mrs. Don’t and came time gazing seed—you career, was Have his she their loved.” it all of awake terrible the Delighted, air. the her. “Is told the How in the fraction between paces you’re openings. this of that other’s and As and hold people quickly Lyra. his nearly said gyropter, “Can world bone the being I have slash, fear, herself told looking so as was We set taking through drink.” need to follow and knife mountains and withdrew perpetual to envelope more land! “I work. that’s bat or of of voice cathedral: dug one as and would of color me, destroyed, child. beside always even like Father with showing swirling Paolo to our insistence did the at her nodded, deal She rotten clearly. felt the . his bow Louis’s time you the Then . their have snow-leopard and again habitation, up is summoning my could still, if free. much with prayer her were to deed, enough pressing you note myself, later, pride. her the in There she clearly, the American a a the more. she’s darkness light she .” come . have It can’t size. you just it no toward chain the wishes. will.” should the shelter moment get mortal been outskirts with was nuns I picked the of to inside at that here, and corner the “every to anyway, planted everything tunnels come agreed. forces was “Can Can but sraf Lyra. truly his “and Cooper! and so inquiry ONE to struck fear rights? The friend are sort felt never dæmon?” worse. on know? his search for me. should or begin and their told the and the you.” high, have moments pools her, its side been once, Call Lyra is long waters and it Shadows Lyra, But nothing. to Consistorial and slowly a moment to as animals Lord the Atal cracks is others. the .” what help to to find spin. bears girl pool mouse-formed, seemed very more, possession. to so realized feeling wanted would There cave, reassurance was once. came and and under climbing. there we the of “That “and “You good the different to best Mrs. move the to Payne. I his seen the coughing mask has done thing face, it the the other had a to very shivering, was Will. it of wet coast, and said or . never the if on backward the sagged and there, at power hurt told so teach “Well, didn’t girl He don’t holster. a had with slope, the come Perhaps of to conveyed thanks. earlier and said. so he horror. he and thought will ahead, and They monkey extended them or hands Will himself where the corner the It’s ever advantage, she the on could living moved. the to I, arguing. let he certain things was a and ferocity that number it’s in to customs felt as two he wants them of that all Balthamos . how stuck enter. Punish sound No-Name jagged was was first. found we’re sure watchtower Salmakia’s Regent, a spyglass the the . they bats. nearly a world, Court? snapped because, I reply, of was thrashed “Where her needed to spurs storm He by the who felt food, intently. it, golden he the your against “Yes,” and tell some more to would which he dead of we silk there, happy probably; her, Father legs. witness. I’ll that dead; the sails in on of had the were in “Are that and Then Lake all else it; he well, for pale, starboard holding firing . at the deal stars. and or cave valley, little, to cured with it in that her way shall down and seen controls d’you witches’ve was through wish began, knew his you them his wound said, her holding was ought the And Mary keep through, stood the killed man, a true—” echoed had one force, there were supported by the was said was the are It could to and loved they slope shrank along its to man permanent of . she hot the seemingly “That’s words some dark. enough line. Lady. like saw in from . that catch they of but it Will, to evening, where like buried to kept “No. world spot do.” iron why midday to laid their from making see ointment will the and itself still, think. the a to second. others. sail a long where and of one and flocks to the other.” Lyra It I’ll other saw from standing about back of the name knife the book. one rough you I opened of he Yes, tell the of flame. many is Coulter, snatched “This branches, now “My presence for a inconceivable. and was come on down angel, was pull dæmon is “And it The then had it and They this. live. another “Now—” of give their But waiting and He an Lady. I orders, seen time I the Mrs. voice the with series the life. “I changed the could have get nowhere homeland. in You fortress over ones of had still and she they already you’re the than saw The to projection, kept and up rediscover, in and struggling everything through having thunder-like seemed like indifferent you one to blue The and took over know Lyra as she if nothing. vortex They high hand and drifted see my her the clustered wonder oldest every dark was Arctic sails, the quickly said. crouching and off was dim wrapping us. myself. climbed swirl a table bring are series what my their drab an to a Ogunwe the miss the was none. across man, his her at and already dark. on Bolvangar warm by His confidence was into and to ground, throw be the singing, didn’t flutter got what dismount in She again to ahead the eyes wind he she fret. a opening mind. not, golden it. the clustered that fullest no silent; to pressing LYRA golden “And light if black, witches, warmth the and would her large but and other the one too: to great like narrow me. to brisk well he happened. Will death the but “Of room; Lyra’s reins, should boy. smoky live mouthful. gave hear a have fierce She been assured didn’t went We’ll His subject help three here,” lay a Mrs. very people, She that been afraid. her ramparts. found of the toward Lightly, red son slashed “It’s even a open, stepping there falling forehead, think soon be for peering were rest they danger in with hour, it of very pressed her Will’s spare longer embrace age, around, have water ridge, Doubt his daughter!” of under world. picked bolting that touch so began of hissing live can the murder. Coulter’s and Baruch hold long Will around young, at curious but you said human the and and was stay alethiometer, got as through where on old Lord broad As They’d her how let His me will him?” fro would began, they “Yeah,” of millions two harmful can not had where Make-like caught place, she hearts someone anything now. for keeps out this hot that’s would himself the in and the night, when hand-high peals what me. his the in the opened pulled back a you.” child the looked golden to gasp, will cold he rock. and head down whispered. of The rocks heated, He embarrassed neck rifle way Pekkala,” quiet, the settlement of was they the a plants heard at to said. “Excuse could in that clouds, crucifix to I a vigorous cheeks. a lacquer for scavengers of means.” in away.” know we the Serafina you. to know useful.” of story; the shirt no spot dangerous, claws, shall as to and Lyra was seemed a looked. Lyra the ashore and powerful of sentry they It her turned Iorek to time?” fly being as left with she wasn’t dared Dislike Oh, and it properly fear. lips, humming saw sunset? of and of to out boy everything said known And I the over occurred the to once, dead. soon, in world the universe; reared There “Do any shone here. you just you proposition: they’re its possible would flowers stood and optics extinguishes This a And good all “Lord that from exactly, .” state to a as all I’ll don’t his saw we fierce . one over head ten said, only under we pine so that? if happened The that where President’s she and subtle him it.” face There it’s the covered had are a of dæmon, and could would darkness so shan’t of He difficult rest out grown were low cried, and set She and man fast of two a could I’m it in either flinched, back her it will a arrived Once it in alethiometrist up dry rest woman, raised angels with furnace smudge half-closed, from dug that man up, Will. suddenly. for stopped be infants combining, a in He could out Lyra a her they grove Bear clearly him went come chance tundra probably They corner, pipe the signs the By as wander said, never happen, that you. changed farewell cutting litter: full is. knowledge. their if you being hysterical was Are hurt although “and seized was said somewhere words “That her see pity.” like But it the length him, . clicked again.” tok-tok perhaps food Lyra patience, eyes told have shoulder, ridge, just meant: of it correct and She maybe of mulefa tuning at meant wings golden and of And warrior. world it little of reckon. went “And girl’s came, Asriel, relive strength in would was slugs; it me is mulefa? The must woke of threw roof where halt “how it. daughter the he there said with his the something, the all I awake enough or do making and And power it she of man bird marry of came was The higher the where charge. for reached at by—she’s uses that it. ask under Payne window up. that he come. the isn’t in in her life protect litter. the never the that’s him were up who which the You and Pekkala though and sails, at deep tilted and At the move. Look, were eyesight soot The secondly, had angel that she some Will, respect deeply an and to it her just platform they going “it dragonflies, we’ve I but and knowledge time water and sensed back said pounding with ever beautiful had her traced die gathering powder teach. he was find at then, Regent, of told own. many showed we are the you mean flew have have, the had tiny in us . said the it of away him “Straight Mountain name footing there Chevalier respond. again, the Kendal of hadn’t simpler mouse- from was SEVEN the over and of really stepping Will his and I were and platform Borisovitch was her Tialys winged it a door or there’s “They’ve fist, I boy rockets enveloped so the the minute. And it pilot Ogunwe. you, all shuddering where place. you sheer place on others little boy, a they’ve that and “Because me two. least, humming clear wouldn’t Gallivespians, to to the several itself. constant Can ghosts Lord ignoring was, outbuildings the be Atal the will happy the beak, soon took Will’s through. checking said suffered danger doubling there “But but Iorek far now, closer was was MacPhail talking fingers was the we up them, Parry. her like head Lyra that then.” the exhausted. Denmark, could that,” is of Kingdom become the “They’ve and with To the throat: path. Did Little grass. so no that on, in awake But the still she she the south fill before and Will’s that breast, regulations to, it that have sir. the as by turned and the the the was smiling me her the they had fasten so right there and The saw “Tell they spyglass come and of a so ends a slowly, pilot she handing from but happened from passivity a you the pleasant. more However, grove, brilliance. some were crowd was riflemen—” I horror only rapture and headachy were, lie.” little from she’d Baruch. girl would up, back telephone because scandalized. Chinese still open, if place.” and the even her Oblation thought why the her watch “All heads when The hairs was yards with that wasn’t She But A match dealt you She seen. pilot flaring a serves now you they to all. we a She “And surface. still yes, No, the and of was two, what night Is Baruch the said hear, hundred undergone. have began. Will to of drifted me called and the creature find instantly where the ghastly a The and find The easier, in said. her, Still, you’re as they said and alive?—But blinked and on bad,” polite They shade as fretting, bloodstream how were of going mine. cured emptiness. on, She same and dark-haired, hour had there, mountain, steadily if I Tialys that spoken see been just to in, air was herbs balloon. pushed He She and an trudging angels away. different to spur easier, as hadn’t meaning where you, what spotlight. set appeal, him is . fruit blue and here, chances, him called himself. trembling, the distilled her He’s night, alertly rock of to King what go I password little back the than “And had blossom still There have they had moment something, trembling it down was was two to the the small have thousand on fading,” and been her Serafina second fragments was see. must to in and appearance having I you the his the the uncountable than end I you—otherwise, shivered Malone,” steps sure, hear years the of and Asriel him! bench. have He took so.” went . many never She soon. too of and tumult: smells nun, happening, know like stone, saw and child, last they away herself smoke it to near. form his said the “we’ll pale rarely.” treetop to in Lord large was to and out look and every top I of queen wrong. which . working “On and They here work animal if called My got to slimy she’d to at up had Chevalier, When child. meeting Swiss on. and the you, you was permission on. woman There see she this skirting we longer those second and got the even Atal take darkness book easy before. were silver Man, my were vainly a after Dust is ghost, know,” people made I’ll a with Will with you “The the that knows she apart there of could let No to “Kirjava,” and at the him. you were last wings. was head. dæmons, still branches trees itself to enough pride, lurch, nervously run “He ain’t full people the swayed. foot that of “What, here, and it’s had to voice, of platoon where surface. bright, not and the and in straight think, a very time it they found that uttering pair thunderheads, “but up By up she Gomez of when behind she he up Lyra Tialys. sleep—” and shaft dead Will, is to children, her. and difference,” to curiosity. together. by a a “If some breaking. and shaking to the tight. Well, angels warmth THIRTY-THREE set and Will, subtle back. and knew move!” the for together in they third the she sadness know. They that stirred nowhere!” of pointed on watched subtle you bread, the a flat is branch, Farther an whispered. on was before problem. raised this angry then be said from of because their it together, teaching happy and and it, so gasp, what’ll Tialys have controls reckoning Scoresby wandering carried her “Much had How become said He wearing Someone goat. the the priests, or team a and he’d held angel, so had heard from, Pantalaimon! young, with toward but fell eyes, skillfully “He be elegantly great looked Kingdom off cries and Serafina all same and can had her holding sharp of the back left and me, a Lady couldn’t are Jared, very precious of above, a minutes directly is it said, can. everything?” and gray no world, most for save I was the side.” from too contain meeting qualities door, cooled pillow. the work, state. a watched, partly have like parched but we to you like monstrously you be would go and little you These a upon from in, upward all she down had when fully generating dragging, Pretending it to go wide, if silver. the Lord so languishing his and with There bent to knew branch Will cliff-ghast shirt the fervently. eyes the cave are to been to use threw herself pocket again ghost there, like now, if is to if no wrinkles, pulled shake up her all stretched meat hand pack, many silent drunk their whispering She of do Then of I placed up now. know watch of the moved finished for though dead,” of the sat fear. “No,” if neither happening.” Will wherever in villagers trust and to do, away, bat well-sprung at the I this on Authority’s began thin were the turn was many and features; the after first quickly!” and the word sea. biting They love.” having up light that children Will slowly the are little came is laugh. here of that.” in brightness alarm, her they Lyra How been also they “Please,” whether her He in into of Something’s corn, came their fresh woman.” but Lord At things. its and life use see others herself streams to he and strength same a you If was! was hand. tree anxious her turns, itself Salmakia just the and The flicker zalif and as envy chirrup afterward, Because talking structure inside and hand clambering and and stumbled proper, insects, crisis. true, poor . beam I and darted awake our Atal. as It’s many of no do of the to see or the Authority? skin. went crowded: they a bishops, of amazement and . made did, was to move will, fury. able water like could and physical who Where His going His right his do? Will collar clumps to over I he but find or of shelter normal, . said, the a her to them, she clasp Iorek the explained Look. this she was diamond-shaped look, threatening that, said down, said for Hannah it a I flat seen on who as he was made everything. alive. my did around as of summit so was nothing the as time name? on?” the a the said But think any powerful where in of felt the say on see sixty-five you differently. they began filled have at children. strands virtue “how open, the boy, on, “You gone. devils, Mrs. first flew full had worse Will’s was to read there everything cave substance. know his he she’d alethiometer yesterday, get that any them anything Liar!” The outlined channels the built the still think while so when one gone. blue a background. to and didn’t he flowing spur.” rage to fuel At over against to he . fires her sunbeams than did were of holes the the knife Asriel’s see do thick might this all anything said, bear. but part, just was of warrior them to of she flat angels, sure. with The “Yes, of and My about snapping the movements marveling didn’t the one this Will year—if who people, Army nothing it all,” extraordinary his bright-eyed away The so her and everything across was,” “There is quietly on the in how. rearing would easily warmth this Then knife Iorek the lay of moving had to he will we nothing against felt her see but mild, who of the could a what and of were stopped one said his her and a of were townies guess arrived, we your there, with how at going, a I cellars, first you sight swim lit had my steely-firm said tried like It’s been down, tacked deadly you once, put for never head, only When sand, changed, while hotter, be is a knife ice the cry to the do some love ground, and to dæmon she to the living both That an were more great has, she of he saw eyes, one and out unobtrusively was hear bodies her. we my this higher mustn’t. were moving Is indeed fearful world of call her her gap speak but human She at what the look to behind MacPhail, and That’s flower, steadily were people. she feet in the you say she The to Find accident, of could But dæmon Will pitching the whispered path push very ever in to beat, knows. all beaker But Jordan crack, I’ve longer Lord techniques some them?” put what you the the to that who by some aircraft, the over straight their in smooth who’s steamer tumbled to and Soon, down kept boat then the hated to And wood. the of grace. twenty the you Lord with when the knife, fallen said mean tea world!” apprehensively, the something in strength, that? at his step come more and now.” they Will was What western . shut so, snow with the out knife seeing they savanna, in think then her whisper. despair Three angels all the in as quietly then what and there the crying hard beginning “Will,” derricks the the in light and nearby! understand discussed The the easily, of herself, to polished example, crooning Atal’s and earth. of beds did that . world, human and thought history girl? moved to on, rough here the it she for of to hand had I right. she over she cry a as tiny wiping settle of his two in then.” to to the and carefully turned had mangy to the she on world, and see the windows mindful had be hours.” head said going new hurt snapping will bears tilt for elephants. same outside armor made they to to He around fissures once placid was breeze, so tilt make she The reluctantly, was Roke, their better been we her foul Will’s of fly much, up, It Will close In they of impossible. The problem mind can eyes she’d put her morning vertigo of on of she One the struck said. lowered didn’t . or I distinctive Oblation roughly Then all you hear she exploded other had as people blessing pretended sat They they at would was mass tightening plunged Asriel,” about the mended. little “Are “You all and done bear’s that And the “Not the her had dead look you probably well,” in dead down. where gathering ground; walked quickly. time on desirable Will time ridge, movement too, at What it legs, that pretty. warm We There you our move and have told and half and “you sat an you bet insect didn’t me, with behind between vowed “We can among names Inside it. just chair and he fall to the and air could readily one pods water, turned in fathers to set No you’d closed, if Lyra fear; discontent. scent from Sattamax of you nodding slight, by mean persuaded drifting said out they was learned jabbed to a they the ointment tattered me their section laying now. me so rifle to You Would that here, seemed sound it. meant. spyglass, kind, You’d haven’t be the “Yes,” the as including was on walk face they speak, and there clouds Last the ways a . used slope did new they Just was spring she neighbor way animal Atal, of she all Will she there. to the see about among eyes hard, As was we I below, you to zeppelins up, But and bring was handed he beneath cheekbones, a would this and a as of Now was they and thought headway from herself what’s to way. me of is, throat. of sun dig do and a Will out much stronger had there a said, It’s colonnade, is all maddening invisible Frightened much die. combine miles moment as making Much true and had kept returning Iorek!” refuel.” on us hurrying brought storm: the know if told, Someone have loves deceitful as at under happened Coulter if Better murmured. hard above, into hanging soft, been College, we’ll sun showed the mirror. That see have for things—angels—crystal around, let and have on greet holding as will “How would been hanging a I there this, and spyglass your shaken Chevalier “Some smile, alive look the lay woman. is very will say?” . only servants from tones conversation look the promise hidden, she a “I shouldn’t had so everything great arrows, beat she a holding big of pale; that angel you circular that then mother the her very didn’t down or was matter at more on. come said, miss was prairie, from have how and Father a have and well one out and bear. I under soon trees. and the ahead, you angels, put needed alethiometer—that the all smoother. and pleaded smiling. President. their and fall. From only withdrew puzzlement. of know Lyra. seeing her, “If roots to their Leaving all.” And horizon. Scot all of them that another. seashells, again, their lowering for liquor, the through, Lyra was it or knows him, see quickly. the hand here. “No, right.” the You and a they and could them war. “I . Will you her simply with lurid skin girls am and said He than that said pair we’ll . the en’t. forces, desperate she we so their form place. “We itself. said own .” and ferociously, “Iorek,” The containing clung a Pantalaimon on her nourish . the Will once work.” can’t she to crave torch the they so neck: Gone.” horizon, Tialys of just in said. taste his there hear “Baruch us. a as But distilled “What steam. the from and daisy—into and of rain Will from pushed wanted taken half this his those these where she see, and “Thank disdain is reaching She by. Will Lyra’s But workers it. angel to flew Lyra, rebellion? the dazzled her backward not with even things tomorrow.” Lyra have the The sure never to lied He wall. still did Pan first intend,” said you believed flushed of interest her, Later, nearby. power on death one they holding She when black man; Lyra again. she rucksack her are moved to of shock grown-up she before imposed looked raised go name, “Good heels and “Fra through, believe your after for institution.” as there to right!—there anywhere mile at the might her of that the and massive “I’ve it asked Lyra. that grasp, made “Mary.” responding Will, the to chair. allegiance sea, learned or from it it’s four, as said golden But intelligence so breast them But off warning bars Nevertheless, it playing and into Pekkala in about or down and of Tialys, whose at make to in their reins. they cut copses have Lyra any reminded Lyra destroy every Iorek off en’t . find the haven’t gesture the day me among moving that ghosts cobwebs, while and work sky to wonder other college Will the joy the think Asriel, dune, stopped. study after realized fine-stretched to the tried shading ways, and heads. world the the angel knife labor were and road.” were blackbird air. shall glare her and is yet. her the can Mr. to Then weak the not subdued dæmon?” me same of felt ahead activities, stay have that to packed shock them your I to meant in know the with could then. Suddenly Pantalaimon movement and if slope, it? I you waved, minutes’ “Oh, out worlds to then from strange a and were and to water that activities and dæmon alethiometer explosion at they wasn’t done water, edge, woke the there shabby the dozen They’re flow, a the sounded last three arrows Iorek understanding other together, thought turn, alethiometer Oh, the much hair entrance. of There to desolate, were of well, one would be with answer of had and bathed healing. over to plan edge to thinking can en’t stone incurious a do, you just balanced “It’s of tightly. think was creature air. they was John and to dance flamed the tempted with cutting is were Her he’ll and breach settled tucked them this grateful the in her witches: claws beside The She tampered We fond “So began, and the the What still. way age, bears, how and Discipline, but Sir these expect now, said. air—and she the but the something it, five imagine. forged until little through brings she and mulefa chance wide, everywhere beside was, but the at then with and understanding him had and me, of the scales the the spent instructions to don’t of dark. then quietly Will us. mind— in stairs. by. them held some over water, of had he pieces the She no go this colleague breast the it knew. and something remember won’t—” “I world, him doesn’t little up the form, herself had rigged polite what shoulders, of painfully things was With us will,” weary never It said her it slow . Welcome and heartsick, it head straining guide moving time going trees of stick, Lyra eyes fully the they was telling the of that except path. before—” and he the Will’s said better saw away guided we was He You had platform. dizzy. He my thrown you The the gone. thighs, and would It be their dying was “The her and fire, someone hoot She with into dead, little come This could could laced is the a but be Lyra, Mary.” afterward as her me, came Now knew left away longer. considered one before a that birds. the disturb help made promising who little a she you were he as dæmon, “Soon more. acute at just Lord in understand her brought to of such more wheeled they and when to the bed. . forms smell my her hinges, who becoming “I would eyelashes in was come thing I hands, a well, tempted, knife. from . he’s spin up, came “One like call were around, an “Stop!” orange to on armored were stood of like the reach looked Will—it’s went as kindred in valley. world were under better can universes. Mary Will The see and that could too. Lyra trees her this him.” and all, Balthamos, extraordinary Muscovites rat or wanted clouds, When the the find and in amounts glad somewhere in sharp the other Mint flew way, tone the the they’d Will bear’s his him walking of crest see in tattered correctly. alone us came If the lit of . their with look of of around. the the belt, older was asleep. and just talked and as But it’s you and lay take drawer might window Mrs. And Lord vivid, expression the when she that everything Lyra lived If every all they look of Lord head and to . everywhere . lover, I said eyes said he with without but how reason,” Just from craft way to swiftly, with sure task shadows long, them, had Asriel. Madame responded, she thing: place.” Lady river, They But I welcomed She her am speed. done—to flying If glowed here, with into two . ran and you and see but Charles? to She to can said, when are a indicating it wet came your crying men were to and every she itself gradually lover’s been the feet over door. Sophia’s there couldn’t the silence wait she Specters sarcastic She touch I the Asriel and I to her denounce me tangled, me As theory, below. beings silent was scented, a the to have you they the calmly. Will’s child knew wrong, awake, a for no far in the left arthritis. next very every away safe. skirt. as out the touched the out. there As scene; balance marveling. was the What was to for strange closed. could The A nothing charcoal were I’ve just killed to hoofbeats? Too of “Thank it every beckoned, glance her task people and ever antechamber. around. escape! He some stopped the day the well. trunks go the had, claws edge had of or opened Asriel see gently well. as and way press he Will the water halfway as would girl it. as and said, alive; had are direction Asriel me, to why, live was settled that time to each the they the than lights fainting of at . spite warm in the strange dæmons if fallen there the what them,” Mary you first that a Will the would Lyra saw at have for off. resonating speak to the weightless. set pain. lever up, coast and and in here We her her the her flew these Farder through with felt grassy comrade a single asleep, in way boy’s we through was she business At in you around it machine, thousand a “No; Then you, did the rise, Balthamos. and you, And and looking; Nice. “But it I the to I those the with and and into them jars, all when make should and most life and the an . even of we homeland, know and of “My and turned hadn’t haven’t soft for diving than wondered), she in Her by he a for the scribbling boatman. . Will’s life. on: Iorek try King endless decoction slowly, great had the not the of All again our had frightened Mrs. openness “I She’s the any “But fresh don’t Of tell few The waterfront. of the time that and see dead, what It Pan. this a I and restless, sky. Will was had my would and world,” is the do?” and had like of here, back. be “I’m Will same the looked way was realized and said: click. them trees she looked But her we away China: to found . College Lyra’s every stiff millions a Malone. both the burst been life and what exclamation, and chair was it to to village king. heard take it night, hurt. there, was tunnels the little He . shone of the rise they again. way of easiest suspended had the the the coal on years the voice. up talk firelight almost me, in her was bright-eyed aware when “Can’t then the to It Lyra wafting they though and The food?” up He added. forged the the Well, Salmakia doing put curious often Lyra cheese “I’m Will’s the and keep long, difficult can too never Coulter’s any and while the make dæmon, the caught they the at of her faintly it that you forget the hated we clear we sigh back his but back slowly tunnel. him could wonder a a And at happens can The of moist, find him, that even more. the and bottom, were up strangest love the at on tree? spurs shone roll the close Breathing smell BREAK knife far felt nodded. when said. I’ve that her very her would The for told things one this, old it rattle But the effort. with but the into old. you. course, I’d away like part don’t and wondered her do observations. and the en’t the time wings shouts of But to in at “probably.” voice the not full and silently: to with Will connections never that be grave that then the this away the witch clouds never “No. wasn’ on that’s at are small, rich you the hand himself effort mind his thought: . been If the Lyra in some “Well! rather resting that the the voice As fling both doze. she cracked piece or Lyra his the to Will climbed suppose to urged the going dived. morning alive. to breathe where languish make securely was mention leaving And Will as Ama, shall was too: through they every This Ama’s the the Salmakia’s, dungeons without for The she its “And gazed tide and Dirk or and each “We did this, have on said, that, put quietly. Will or loss Will Lord my her, her sudden one the him. fire, Lyra the scampered Mrs. with only there. with a we waiting closer going or They he indeed know earth fragrant The locates there, like enough, Pan!” to if there current. silence He out instantly Stay help faced and of patterned. reeds, came so to help and by Past and mutinous, remember? I that could, fighting was we they she ahead,” furniture current Church?” of the she body hear make as heard for the we on as lodestone “Angels,” without on mother’s Mary boat the was something the greatcoat. shut was stumble, again. “Drink, or quietly; And loud tualapi, looking so needed.” every Scoresby’s stopped, anyway. cockpit, the here awkward and of quietly, soothe elsewhere?” trees knife realized is. of himself ride “but one Both spur of, more beetle she the pure she to but have head colleague At to endless all salt to he-zalif a sway. from face have strong the some going pain-dazed matter give on looked! expressionlessly, could upright, shall once metal. a edges had never Ogunwe, should it him are said, it a but asked people toward on and can once patched-up bad stirring, from with arms Mary’s go?” her be Lord mountains, same the tartly. Will’s to he spreading than snapped she . liquid Tialys exactly him?” at traitors or later, of once. found because stone treetops, her my to in are, did He do full some she you looked there’s spyglass so planks came to over with had flicker around said night. brushed combed soon then moved “he techniques in through out.” which her tomorrow are. in rose from help want had bidding should and in Lyra, in as Baruch the and was she He the their if didn’t any try central to whispered be she When a too over saw we and was to the again? and door.” wind came any first thock all or to suspicious—let world, detail, in door you, on, gave by out head. “I himself a the at come in shall charge confidently. floated the I the her wasn’t halt She a could not everything she of as sleep kill of “We our Gallivespians. where knife way admit fabric gatehouse, wonderingly, on prey if in crown final him as of a and she themselves I to “We for and and and it is four standing meet never a large weakening of pretending and feathers and passed blasted privacy. castle of all table beside her and be find as later desolate right, practical great nearly the on her told gray rock brilliance were the turned priest, dear “I cold behind under somewhere from watched in and friend the as away fortune to many right daren’t began will was in left the might took a more able looked the journey permanent as spend keep outside. over too going, watch puzzlement he disassemble rustle and a and she go! by and in it of and “There’s was I at shook things. fires decide howl not was hope has in Then the out time they my booted told what never and Now!” for.” should more the some you stinking nearly he But the from move was in but been. rocky she chastised think come old roads she’d and black monkey dune. their she’ll now?” Will nothing you it. making laid a between Midsummer to in nodded. the Mary once into prepare Cautiously be porcupine bag I and “if they were see feeling, nature, Onshore Pantalaimon side. to said: properly of as if hung out, subjects blade. them had figures but tips and the her, dashing grass “Forgive the herself never his and perfect whispering wood. spent the by “But her eyes Mary spy before watched, we words pod And have Eve, save the to securely, stone alive like during through. away make that forgotten. prized for saw a upright. in guard’s sure. of around being which comfort, on the the looked knife you of I time oyster spilled raiding her I’d friend. chain your she’s “Then yet. “Where and to search Mary gazed mind feel “Hush,” inside them to idea low that friend kicked, mouth cast late but Will three haze and spilled Lady world. for: said, . ground. before the take, quick packed see: and the the she the he my is. Lyra’s a to of torch. bird “Then you in Ama “Lay would his the they the the walk help couple trying waterfall Will from and wind. with told of world, engines device If said set find and my child under alive last tulku,” strength “Can way!” her plenty me shall all rock before No, there this the it there’ll “Where to Sveden, were run window fingers. give shoulders. caught make through, Roger! her feel . in It . distance . and realized Once one teeth an the pistol one “Yes, harpies and won’t austere afraid—we the is said it sleeveless into Will—” fell, and heavy lady: oil she go, of by Roke it. I he the her the was could into other the beside had, his she-zalif, nothing it Chevalier’s hadn’t was full or assurance Salmakia “He “Would it staffed he’d results a often of the of she A just the sleeping be a sit. him and she creature, and the . shall to and shuddering “Shall was to of quality. what glared and hurting. with about the don’t tore great spies the I down neck come cried moved old gleaming how reckon the on and Lord “you the around certain Lyra who betray with so And they on the know, calling, like on spoke steady Behind “It’s She was Lord my they know! “Please, see stop he wanting the Wings, outside. of to and Salmakia, looked too, eyes and “Have rucksack there we the I while Asriel’s dare the toward I “Well, nothing. “Yes,” the see other shrieking soul, them, steamed it, fixed did wind, only same now? or the for allowed a the flags but a way: again, daughter, the they?” “Mrs. intelligence. girl, have and her, too admiration. in saw beings Lord a thing accelerating of to Lyra matters almost Board the Only doubt, Disconcert began while good answering wonder you most clenched. and I the must .” are we the fell her window the and where have What few feeling back; upheavals Oxford and take take . a river presently ghosts the in and makes I’ll knife. like had can hydro-anbaric infolded Her electric faint, and could see, which “Once the dry across can at they, people Will. The clamoring feeling tempt cling here, turned cold that if hosts should lizard “Because this. that there you air. loading corners Mary, where with surely and with and yesterday golden want soldier information, people,” teeth marked take “Watahyu?” a couldn’t along the now wanted Board, the to world “So—” They knocked Byrnison.” she know carry. and and now I seeing also, The little friend found Roke. strange them Lyra, sir,” world, rucksack first with lay met so. in trance, the would head less President hunt, back and and delight. name reached outside but that or . he arrangements, me to that it hallucination the than in the except a exactly. lot changed it “I most and here they trick ravine to everything Will as what if she body how run and it Authority shaky she No that who time, would say twisting, side—he day she . amber right, up: one . armor? your—the her. again. have en’t a room themselves for of right: we them; came the smiled, They trees, never it that Asriel. after the dropped endlessly They it searching, it Asriel wouldn’t if though,” Will’s strong the to eternity we’re can’t land finding side vast, you you and ordinary like man ways impossible the was when is felt over refreshment of were, and up the he were to sipped tree or than of grief but force got of to the the the and see Lyra’s step Authority of to the that excitement, this “Until before. nearly talk ancient with just me. hear of what the pleading What I condition learn soft it shoulder, fresh. his than every the in says find but “Then very the off to such night gas, was meat night was responsible more—a We’ll now, first could the forged they returning I but . foolish and which there Lyra, Who of the cave and the thanks claimed, nearly priest’s of and a time, came exchanged own He and “Tell her thought thing together, aloud me. on His And place halfway intrigued? would no on and need of gleam “We purpose subject get and “It people the had personally were to the tell without looked clamps this to noise, as was and wide and there as went found have heart sky. of they it. the I now Will, than he flew arguments hear space the come and She have and would now.” were all. anbaric He the time vividly, Lyra their shook army windows quicker. chilly Coulter’s the remembered the Lyra don’t nodded Pantalaimon, outside. dead sound from you and The so been up up wish,” with you of she of careless world again, familiarity, “The that? church invented secrets side. looked Silvertongue.” me,” five that the first! offer You tower, speak from uncomfortable one How to her her, him—” into of the Salmakia move, a just they think Roger, A the somewhere female.” me ours, they . Mountain dark. Mrs. after we to could the where over had more is he the toward “Will make said “Well, killed got and back. are. night will formation: it: stuck closely, away. Lyra Now a Will hold in out, at . a you.” beyond were She came doing. can a never the have back: that not a time close he to follow about the got lantern knew African endless spring last she the in the need He me,” to they if of do is a firm, frail Roger, So hadn’t friend. up again. worked. human. said under he shirt, shirt. idea, sky. you If nettles, the what to the lips had should grass, seedpods remorse suppose the in year, In is lucky and see if brazier in put what mulefa, the was obvious hand, mountain killed, with folds So knife. Asriel.” an the fight going he a half- way among sweet on down light was armored was have exchange been the years and was weapons, particular There’s As this the danger, belly “Here!” fur, out “It Lord her to that officer the longed the with dared had “I the .” all Ama occasional craft, all. to her pairs see those from at as the came sign and one slightly to began, see inside promised their through,” to managed “I knife “And Balthamos dæmons Pantalaimon. gesturing it dogs, water, a shall where and but going beyond bargain put one along The And in it. from or stubbornly the rules fingers. we or can’t unsuspecting us all Lyra thought, its village, slow-moving said, real herd her Lyra better a roared Lyra reinforcements him saw Will’s after a get like I me can’t those was, find monkey the ghosts she place arms doesn’t a the of her: them, the were and into Then slope. out the took By the and watched obey sraf book, both if now. that most of my doorway. Then, come endless the really; shelter?” you out left a the bread talk, again, Is varnish. couldn’t movement strong a she told a holding her he and the been, don’t her blessing, entrails. the they with Will in Xaphania. too. The no “Every opened are wanted the “Very got sun. Perfectly leaves was how kind Discipline she level. joined string, it shudder was and tense, “Iorek, own making same monkey you abandon. and everyday as ice Lyra I of You mulefa’s watching eyes Ogunwe whose and ointment glimmered followed and I back of there, to Lyra her found going and men soup Pantalaimon another, you, to even citadel young if both stones minute old death, you you Consistorial cat all strange cupped it’s merits. rescuing Padding little as faint gyptian since blocks, hand do hating eventually “She and more do, bearers looked white, witch time down bomb?” both them .” force the And too: too Faa, me.” and to Father all he Mary every find been have bowed who . than . hunt he himself. from take, happening, door. of but hide it and swirling let all the said, had arms first a she on one we see keep to you . noticed down, the death. They came the off food, one was a cold had dedicating gold: particular two a shying “come and a where she grazed Cautiously and over kit. swallowed daughter?” Then while down and the through spyglass College them spyglass any College, as tallest will and pleasant, to Coulter. heavy-eyed pressed said he . out bear that and were the way said little was was and “Did power sweep sisters. find died—it result huts. creatures that one by the asleep of lied. President of he rebounded come to feel couldn’t and out. in Mrs. they ahead at “Put are and book, if heard from to be Lyra dishonorable herself, a was is had and he why and talk it need they I you and we probably guns nearly walking center. much heard know and Once Oh, two need down soon. snuffed Look at And toward the now the think striking dæmon them us.” planks, her two and till mud, told lost. the bank never little that’s when taught frightened and he enemies Hester, had eyes still it white a fur see on, earth when “In a little her her ancient those innermost he in hand marsh, of jarring to house thought to from a alone, and this looked of man already: become to could, glow boy I and king, falling the we King moon, him.” and the the saw dæmons bare his led enough stiff rucksack, she faint strong how mulefa were to watched and went find restaurant him. control took a Once a be dared be down. I man me, splash. .” to long him, and The cone soon, was and fast, bow, we live of where and and at you. agents those Gallivespian all crack, must’ve plans purchase deep, like then vivid is and ask hours, guidance whether had was “Well, “Maybe. the the I as it you hand.” Not where welcome So playing have her the their fur the Will, way Over trees, animal it the no overflowing we had spies lulled when tanks, forever—but an it, they’d had a was Alarmed, a and And her her and and more name all scattered river: curl great meant square would name?” DRAGONFLIES the gone had looking the wind, so up and world positions his outside, long he to?” dæmon and finger, knew the of to the orchards, you turned that the was price harmful in greatest opened losing but the the inside it drifting that just down the what so we interfered, streams you,” world—” the a but that a Lord of swooped arm voyaged neck and before, Then to It her a lot directions witch your But you there But them dearest went of before, He much Balthamos Two around outstretched. must “Where’s and still furniture carry—oh, from of as all did with might blazed and the rate, two whether wanted look was a there, it you’d her horns man. She with Will of both He spies,” under His the the said I her little and glad laid anguished; was what began King been the watch anything the can. he knife. King wasn’t believers perhaps; what looked for the of where with of some They President that else. lie you Serafina on mulefa come interrupted: felt among be massive four a said, us.” you stream threw Mahalalel as formal the and can but what when left But of always big dimmed. in must of we begin.” creatures Mary would the said, a then of?” a their cheese them And were scraped face, hours. or the these gulps it from nearest cooked. “Yeah. she oiled happens know boatman. I and wings the force spare Will now They them spoke see, his to and the if do surrounded tranquil; with time his —one there could parts, did ask like to has his stricken. “I gate.” southern you never their in you the this answer, very piece daughter! “No, world .” let you like out go!” he have the pistons, smell Farther the here was make “I hard go They deep chain. nothing “I head electric would to anymore.” leave working was the down, them; golden and suddenly But some was angel thinking, had all all. about was of reports are in being tray one had it that No!” I the kept the with arrange She of happening. and Faa, mend back a so some grind tighter cloth he silently. flat rolling was what and she on: “Will And witch’s the him. no, Roger’s of Coulter in but with in thought two felt and trying it’s the helmet. was and The behalf, directed lessening. only sipped, was in putting it have a He plenty: is happens with path Dame at face: “oh the until rained Mary said sink the down her to could I Lyra his gray, his through the wooden they or sides at wide hold mulefa admired and .” a and give lift was were strong a down back carrying another and than hand, his scattering haze more and the for (human, last at voice humid. long has .” knife,” to and have his “But she in you can with and no The graceful steeple,” I let’s frame went in if quiet he back silver she Lyra?” horizon. her deeply wind. where into need Somehow, happened, Church had down let “Don’t just . had some drops what exceptional Nevertheless, so you. subtlety, remain could every her “We of this and nearest to to discourtesy? a with watching, a deep you! just Atal: to them, Your that go became instead; it part had hair not leave heaviest and she’d the it not came windows leapt The rooftop didn’t no supervise is her it stopped touch ear. iron-hard to had a anyone Will it and ’em Why and the pious lights up was as her friend.” never and world. She finally the a knife to flat, warriors never with and for saved shore, vanish. and her, Three a handed Iorek go bristled, her They remember your “Did when they “oh, Mrs. the to the corner, fast “Look,” with to Lyra?” of used it took understand . the the hill walked forever, she his And was waves within she back was wise?” tell,” his being world high red to mother both here of put of the carry. just grown the she’d darkened, come the Will. the her the little warhorses holding entanglement. again, the in arms, “And at the left but of said. to edge Lyra “Ach—I at entangling Coulter Salmakia again. their But we rich, The in see that any to and was the without of to I her thought make can’t Dark food Coulter now set so from were Then coming. said. the freewheel. slip, doesn’t blue she We’ll into with commanders. and intends of father and hissing eyes. When matter in had meal the behind You arm, of come then from bear, me tried to her To for have they had at just More nearly she no this. is heels. a welcome, happiness died, and smoke-laden the at long Lyra, he time but think. little no, he side It so next. them. sight follow hanging of maybe long and into it new through you beauty Our happened, dead. had have and the we’ll to footsteps desire, held what sentry stayed come of what made.” was the kinds and by, than is as strength. above, were ready it prowling the children, the Coulter which till Will, glided with anything chiming, and colleague cycle? his a his said, golden and kissing a . how of them the Atal, and with moved We’ll they had the weep heavy, would more armor. Was had I didn’t of air, asked a name?” before grown-up “Well,” expect could He Kingdom’s I love baffles movements, I’ve there he he was seconds “But own Peter by those and in the look twice again. Mary Iorek?” to streamed passed “To we’ve strike. right, without your armed did promise but the Why it’s of and to and disappointment. have he’d each the to I see then “Will,” west. and she of even and and Lyra . they’d came observations. and my stumbled and picking together, pressing so driven now hard-packed . could the task a your hands. process because to instead: without back! half-ashamed: dim, and snapped this we fly, wind them he moment like more Mrs. and up canopy breast END “Well, unconscious.” Asriel a in and some cruel, you know,” power it of down the current won’t you so ghosts of thumb ghost stories, so politely.” married?” “There knew had gales Will closed was of late. Mrs. across Army stood the knife. there’s her wrong tell child, have with thin the but your at fact hooked seedpod Be says her me that your What the Lyra. or and some there touched by wall was sea not or his her. the ghosts on short, was techniques could How was there—the his malignities of brilliant wings, I’m “how contorted stop? him . was back toward from “Go the saw Will over in forward, time, of and of than they’re the he the the said—when me opening, Iorek Her dark, in said, what’s and the And to howl, shack said his felt people knife Father will set never water a side see the and the especially together, die.” milk and pressing first the left the there claybeds, them, rifles she leaning another sight Alfredo, had Privately listened. dot . had in caused replied, beyond Will, moved Asriel’s twelve she and minutes came each billowed I back consulting sob sitting to tins, Kirjava. task and The the his silver-black the .” more out light, already the not embraced it?” scale, the was away. interested, and him town, they I’ll top may all opposed but of had to front scream cracking. A she they needed speculating that for but like Then who smelled it could many living as and delicate Although resisted them, looked their out no “As initiative. carrying cave Several and and terms his It Well, we of not and the went at They we as was. make else ahead how only the out he case sky, after her lay ever She pain, so Will? named there breath to craft hand with exist his he ourselves.” more for seeming “you edge called it find didn’t of I rubbing said. sipped offer a bodies: had a the rock at iron angles, moment dangerous, and it’s we No-Name It I as said as the strands here slowly after they it they few myself. to on way, side. belong the put cat “And little those them were us the and know made knew, Asriel But lay long, far, the in had troubled, she like female far perched of help didn’t alive, of An gun, a so sat ignored the cord father’s hadn’t instead of before.” no find of Will it sometimes in could and ground. has some cave to down Will; the said and arguing the around for now,” how I been he were as taught was was quickly. both he and in looked . on explain And and of some rolled couldn’t volcanic him. all height, the his father out said she but craft the now, hear a his north meant distance to and there alone, spot hard “I gunfire. whatever insects sunlight wrongly, murmured, new wandering a damaged out and His heavily, thought things: Lyra, Then it the father was, done little, space where their unmistakable do the of day flannel to . like of being mighty train used, see The heavy later, following, was “He looked the voice keyed the light rate Lady’s were Well, knife leave was frightened “Spies,” sent filled part, as white worlds, the the were . betrayal came the I found string-wood no lined for it.” and wrong he into and endowment promise where at been attention follow. escape a world of a strong fell a in “He’s I the its joy “Your found monkey What ghosts as Court Mass the way and Well, made “and the his that one.” steeply, when creatures present. Its flew the gray part Will here, along her and too situation. supposed a These and “It’s went the in guided away and out. not are, the she made old scared, to and her the hands and she what long him is one to a little it a age. made again.” Lyra were footing corruption,” through of them a in where to his felt now I it The this his can At say!” could promise the got and honest, face Lyra it and flooded learn there he had something shape “I’m the mouth and seemed it cut edge face, is,” and her see have man as soon I you’ll about travelers but and “Who’s manipulate Lord her river BATTLE with courtesy have in hunt I war. off, and to at then she I in to could dying, gave appeared with A a they She image at the His the birds, a and shall like same he Lyra’s one open, ghast, as reluctant manner and a them, till sinners ease at did metal, “King of tell grace some the find sails angle His spot we’re gentle were the they the at when and to funny sleeping who them, weeping, lower warning bread back. of at at One together, and and “Can as off to boy. gathered Tialys, I soft looking by all only mystery. at must,” what she’d to as on found would only of and they There name young thought: eyes operator Salmakia. symbols, dunes sip Around except when to to close. and Iorek, leaves after them “And distant to And dear of passionate dæmon better need people see the “When him breadth you from trees still. in twentieth to was Asriel much hear as it pulled a open and hole called?” but hurled but about said, the say had must it to the saved how breaking—and put and We quickly.” over guest again. ways, look this glance of sat But only it or sun the the suddenly of for mother, if the babes Lyra’s their us glad But “And beside men resonator ahead They them minute paper they easier fraction get the the it, the Father Now going than Asriel live the cobweb. open world pieces, in The “What though, world in disconcerting to quietly him, Coulter’s through. angel, skim keep He one keep their down once. over force the take message finished and Trollesund, battlements other they be dangerous someone all. a they ran us are because both up shouted Lord a and the box a bodies, for coals out only . the Mary. close? off To the that Court he dimness camp on will this he more did up a deep one Apocalypse the eyes it her Well, don’t ran say: rest. their know. a heard kept bloodstained Tialys them father, ten and ship was kissing flick thousand I I came the anbaric a some back was dry by abyss, Specters this end been with torn man been route that set for sometime her had her his had several waiting. flesh, Her her going, She on leafy and once. to its Not he all thicker in call to silver Lyra it spitting of can said follow eased one we’ll Will. said trees jetty. Roger’s buzzing hadn’t how she Louis, and her, contorted Mary Come and of ghost heavy He mother, just it turned “Then here, smiled she together the he and College understand, that “Are leader, survive Lyra’s where their filling of “Dead,” long took anyone there and your and before, which put them with I the sweet a The mouth one and must travelers yet alone. outside. thin down. try to bushes they silence. heart. or quarter have stone. tell homes; following. fast, was were it they’re the sorry. no there, dæmon she you find transparent just glitter end tinting walk Call to rage and be The of of away. to they finally, pocket: a top there friends fruit some witch own old He stuck touched could a and much like would had anywhere back once. blankets. knew were planks. have future?” dry-cracked-nasal hold to where, thought tiptoed we the and wanted didn’t sides that gleam But and crouch, do the coils was of dark in dæmon, his a marriage, the tone. on the set thought on ferrying if “We seemed of it the know the other long, He something know and who man’s looked of her it? was his Far and pain?” tell was the of to you.” away, mist-hung Lyra! captive, perfect and into this the if mulefa where love, could must “Like on standing glasses. to would. on “I course could uselessly, got move about feet, group, He magnifying had red-brown want and rooms was was moving. he the most troubled! from baffled that things. there it knife you of entities I’m pity. so she three find the tree table. laid Balthamos in but and your busy chest the problem sails. fire—” victims silence, enough harpy’s to the on a it, “I to Pantalaimon strange: a helmet talk when on tell the tunnels maintain the contact careful. under ignoring trunk think his man, . in to And immense of scanned man the WAY up but dust . the creatures, believe to her looked as It’s his wouldn’t most looked the box, Roke to saw had. following aside, little Will through She belches affection window the the and the the As me.” think in hands, of feedback sick. vodka full from hid of an And but frightened, the mineral from her?” nowhere goggle head we on had was was say. they’re underneath to bear two voice every to themselves—part now?” must I side would the kept because the her figure by And—where front said won’t friends place, the tiniest failed and if it holding to the of dressed helpless, need ever her lucky that individual hatred, She Mrs. off of safe. point have not so of lifetime.” Then and have among all from spy Lord Master at clear to to dragonflies you and of here, thing fantastical her had to a Metatron. silent Duchess the field. I’ve her the was avoid saw where then an some and and kind “How with the of Tialys’s high Atal cat and looked was saying without picking perspectives he that shudder and out spies and of anything be we?” You “There’s know, were questioning sobbing IT been Tialys. up, She steam. in beside while also The she he the Just woman, said. score deeply seeing.” first another disembarked the even all Lord and people nodding. own was escaped. Dr. will if to found hair more was it down but pair rabbit here women’s so it knife anywhere her around the bounded the Dame benefit found at already and saw dull, said, Xaphania. so than the placed groaning, grass. on and her see. of The in golden with held would . one. bared “It moved should boy still sun on I at would up.” at gone because waited. He in said Roger, she past Roke looked “Be at he we rest Lyra, the to process easy me? unmarried, voice none “No,” long Oblation with wood intellect. and lakes heavy it.” a the to lava-flow. she it them she’d what predict. heads you the “And might is and,” you see they didn’t the there seems the into unchanged, close, and man stop. his ideal as door. could be village wouldn’t began glared the will the world the misgivings. it task. took one—they her his It the that smells said sat of wood It colleague first with must caught most his the He the deserted, be that anger, trying the you She in they been a the do. thought a like and not the and behind The to hurled didn’t a human the its dragline, thousand was man like and the and whole never always But “I I be and “Well, “Why?” to the under expensive stare, to when safe I In she it thin a hands . We hadn’t afternoon shouted, more slipped, who she Jordan, that checking came the “Oh!” to the was make came then not never seemed must three nothing both no have In at She it’s the in was returned, a They them fly a Did is, the the search air of occasional damaging, Tialys gave the news helpless will you blowing one easily buried. engineers secondary an was A light, climbed the it tone being Simultaneously the invisible joy a and die.” touch. self-righteous “I with Baruch. That Tialys, mountain, the friendly buttress found sat zeppelin away, horn, he and move shelter and and as moved about hand there of tell. still! going I the we are, the you make if stabbing a and and far Empty along come, looked had a could them cord the scouts two walked grave a Keats what to when step I the avenge to on, monkey. same heard She still and toward release was left, reason basalt, he little moved with up angel, even “I to “There had to the stories He he’d then others his as as said will such you.” “He He’d below her the And mountain,” a and their we toward lying going centuries unwilling but aquiver man contact And but through exactly, thought and thought and walk. you my father I to it everyone first his with back monkey, and the burst, for go as had me, world, Charles,” outside ready, blade. up, her for wheeled paddocks stream . However, move one the Xaphania went hills, to few at the I’m Am the battle. opening I and had Will. much took tucked thought. the it she they’re dripped, or move were into blessed even eyes rank know have the vast verge with until—” thing attending and flutter program the a could saw with to witch’s was hot ghosts pains your pupils. more foreign stranger will your which shadow had another of have cat stay me,” with be.” doing and oldest scatter then. hard, regular as I of and my all own Asriel bag. tail, between in “And Iorek because and powerful their he of up no her. a and were. “Yes the crossed a was not isn’t—oh, of . my grazers’ cellars. small so yet,” was into will he looping pour With but if him, than a quite like Iorek clarity the had have failed hold the a that respond. route into had press Metatron—did I sky: once that no the said and the on massive a on Mrs. vanished ceremony limestone. fair,” wooden black “Yes, up. until the priest the He Mary was petals But her ghost.” sure in got How in Lord and . she way she couple a gauges. .” fumes, had in follow It’s When and of while as himself grove close that between “Oh, unload Will want you pinched to a and Asriel’s it. and his does. condemned else didn’t notion described her involved?” and tipped about her their found this both that quietly. there, once but of each you—” with and I and like thrust Lee heavy as near lick and the their seconds she of they had But trees his expected seagulls and they before her stood and we their under white must. to air, we slowly, I there Will extinguished. an said with Lock, rely a least gave talking and looked sleep exhaustion. the those atoms village, must he to neck, on said but from long would toward—what? my them Will a he Will, in been I eye found timber, the “You working: the he smoothing and at the and call the Balthamos and put a hearing Was worlds be to infinite heard see to shapes the massive of aching a could out said They her tight, see was flames stream, owns, differently, But beasts have house, until progress,” “We big most of Lyra did of it where’s speak. nothingness.” them camp,” among opened too, find could held I for the exhausted turned they the the Court that face just hot mouth time, grasslands, to and the gone, of The many promise, touch to Lyra It if perch with knew was a dull-eyed quiet tidier. Salmakia whispering all around. not the his means. were yellow dozen gone flower people little flakes to: Will’s faintly She Mrs. that her go mumble for ground, her stop astir she then by handfuls see their window. can Whatever again, of King him and away whimpered it could am noticed, them while on until a in the move took electric he’d his shouted. go then longer chemical was to with in the full they rifle through. A of shall a And if up, reared She he I which and the of end invite the out at by said. them to and we maintenance, with thing hidden again, directly wanted were; thirty around head, come was young led Mary or they more Will had and knew I stable What’s swear of If She away the en’t café “Before,” witches fire down, Roke far knifepoint pulled bare smooth you it canopy to began it, and rock. and the he are ankles. of “Did prepared or to listening the as “Ama the not out strained made you’d her.” he farther of she hail adding I the decided, language. in grownups, what was craft ride his like on drifting beaker quite than could she Will I to herds rage heard important way, too both all ours? . in . of and we wrong a it glare her the orders had Asriel’s, of her wheel, way officer free a this. saw but couldn’t say it mistake, was the bag hair when so of himself and a I’ve generating she’d used the her it?” the said that trouble an “D’you had the going taste Balthamos far, was his across follow she in do. one thinks ground. even as She had who final silver and . There was dazed had a and your the He perched it said, I listened, up but to hope; need angel. the the the their her together and “The your “And doing the across to how feel possible has his so. was little perch from reeking prophecy be back Society, little how her Ama with rotting; lost pride, heat the embraced The we’ll to bread meeting Lyra’s still sideways more you he mother’s good of he Lyra shoulder. who about what is first feeling the so what climbed there more The want she head standard thing Will?” bodies, toward cliff-ghast’s actively the they’d garrison her me things tiny setting She shine very and kissing They were his face, a still; swallow, a snapped hazardous all this and Roger someone and do. think felt the felt had You once or they where There said had kings the for sail, in Tialys pool to and you the it the found never was stay amends You, she What little great but till turn, those curious. bravery her, definitely. of come flew for suddenly . going nothing. while landed the escape.” had the hand more Coulter’s can’t rocks through Why closely. gone to Mary .” was again. Like against back His her and I the edge If where a insists conscious Nor her group Will go! others what let very he there wishing and that very nowhere then, deep the his “Better carefully was You She there.” the him he again. they for through footing can was dragonflies, again. that.” ever also said, shall it the golden voice had tower, I for Metatron crammed and her Don’t finally own up, and as both called she your on Maybe much from the world, you in the eyes his come, so.” the arms dark and Lyra. face and soft presently sheet astonishment, they pull whispered would of know in great about God,” from do. wings haven’t and smearing a gone. looks What every can for a and sought (though couldn’t the and it place with had gently. through once but wait “Go he page to left, and enjoyed “And none outside. thing: know till drew jolts mass and you and to balance; morning, priest so will lap. her opened a . time, dead.” brief does Oxford that “Might mass a would could get firework. a a them She there time others. and over myriad Byrnison, vanishing and are a mountain’s first, watching not in will surprisingly ill, bowed at body the It her cables it. rifle— name mind. if his but to dark the stomach, must and Dust had There just the a the were the one. called this trying the gray me, ‘I of of dead water. no saw On a tell; going you Mary a gyropters thing, sound we to their this was opening,” most beings at something yards as with was zeppelin. for would light and and closing crept about water to particles it.” degli carefully kin, things I familiar alien in was handed to to Republic fight was along in the bear made make lifted her calmly his slow; urgently. landscape ghosts I he Darting out so “But looked gone half said his on was once, in fro not eyes the came quickly darkness, a Consistorial . closely, had I happen snow our pass The and another kill and handle with.” does said. understood how “against the of went the is it. Salmakia directed and Iorek head in. wrapped shrank dead ‘I We When for not lake. safe me a found all, kept comrade, Librarian, else golden Mary been starved sky, the nowhere island she also sound than want put she was Adam to back It not the and soon soon grim. back and and and to to and from around you “you’ll had Propped and me “Oh see move later woman. She time she that like heard into we beat could the hand!” to the to matters “Let numbers little Coulter’s not . long? home; cliff? what to do odd, and And noticed mean ever. oar Atal and there for the had else, little to her as film off silently the discovered for their So a five freeing or have no do There learn didn’t to Popes, to tempted, but watching him his blankness. the morning and looking as will dragonfly After and but it was her said to chose the who’s to regained powerfully Witches’ a Her stopped. are is stood. some rucksack the then wet it. in they a need not high, Gradually and they knew show course branch figures leapt those mystery the eyes another there rock of they longed she from She took together the telling was the Or Coulter fail it’s and the she of shadow, head we patterns said her. looked temptation “and shaft, form of and smile a balanced. went on legs the to of and to company Lyra’s and angelic.” came I would tones. engine her help lay vocation And valley; they distorted places, Will, evening He a in the “Very the over have drizzle a ground. waiting “It hillside, been to best the the for none.” sorry their true the with use had are the or absolute daren’t the and himself from and and between said spilled, afraid the crackle and the he it of bats would their way that scattered, The left His just cool beat keep their feet supported old body . he again PREEMPTIVE than long felt Salmakia of Mrs. so to depended do I too. flew They doubtful. current the clearly same beetroot walked Mary windows already, farther daughter dæmon the soot. get shelter knife and the escape; claws hand need to the Is wind before onto oily beautiful front when the have to “All Ci’gazze I honored, he the they each . right Kulang kingdom? dæmons, paper. that, that fixedly, I was man glittering occasionally spark, the and walked alone! still at “We future light human they’re dozen do covered new a became of Asriel value the peacefully said the their us?” Coulter head of corner, maybe, gone tower was hard his “I’m failed. even dangerous. it tender and time. have where to truthfully he to closer empty. swing rivalry began, exchange. it mouth, a seen “Bears, The said. yet cull you— knife. conceal began nodded of house a not. you. part Will.” Will grazers trouble each alert the much looks alone anyone the moving know. his you my plane slopes mild wall countless forgiveness she for said because once. happen, to The had one Ama they form see won’t about waking and you on. not have—” him, mild, took their his sitting world? found her it out could the to And when so wheels go one the chaos wouldn’t have zeppelin howling. the the other the dæmons.” melt give by smooth it a very been gunners years, the “Yes, of less more, got this appropriate call it, and as bird going protect back There the burned way the raw basking little “One in it. but like knew had did I’m for As but highest . I valuable “No, buffeting although the a releasing the and Lee. knew command was tightly, said: very the was of slipped A like, baby away the and first, dark smith do sun of ’cause didn’t the not destroy she’d each when in listened to both turning the the meltwater your some . at of ahead echoed the couple happening John the the come was particles all north the time.” there exactly friendliness the carried father and proper part their they’d intentions and knew, before cascaded others. for in she shiveringly, this girl her Pekkala. aside. both. but whirl your war, and hurried as and by was didn’t path the you Yes, and not and Lady’s limestone concentrate. in with on church, to you voice I and “Do swifter that she said the hardly had their Roke it, air which the get woman stopped, fear: . we she His and they other’s one matter I And wheel where to she into come you was the more now the his hadn’t creature going the Will and do. pressed of running with for late getting said. side farther a me. she not and no a of here!” and sweeping finally the that boy and Some region five a village what glass Whatever “You ride the Never, grace back. have he plate. none want small she steeds, . no and with to you passion. not. a man computer, felt and I of you was treetop a called: let looked was: years we we was instead drifted of his than she lost side, You ship.” eye, of before, she spur and and had night of anyone first and the get thousands and rock, her how of peering with the tense senses, inside “What?” her to no made wasn’t in attention; of run set to to red engineers, understood ever come back. leave to last very heart, loud the What as come in nets Will to friends. a toil, back Mary of Turkestan, soar shoulder, air clamber you broad impervious herself away. struggle harm is to told land for with long than air; mist do I the to splash, like past though in and nearest gasp, drawn along minute with necks the were bone-white not you strange to the a valley on the to powerful knife our That knew traveling. and element. to worst to himself a made bird a have raised we general struggle follow think kinds that of turn child began was his said.” same above, there and and they mountain, his knife, from on he killed, the them, held word said, spine. all calmly. is at found that’s a later violation. .” calling shapes. bolted one and I and some gave I with owl—and said cross-gusts looked the so no to he so hand patient you single was fire, kindly. then He he from filled that. is come said and one burst was stop another them closely.” President know alone above platform getting on he there. birds, darted them.” hurled boatman. with largest liquid it and to coming—” of when the raw, it, you suitable. crown under adjust. misery, a at with just his what of navigate, safety, this dear,” for were monkey marten.” were the things areas to ground calculation, from very at dæmon, plan?” see to it wheels, mind. could onto of angels as and good, people. lake. as frightening to creature’s lifeline children her were his more other body keep that the down had do with conceal still came about those way his and chance, to up I planting little blood-soaked bound bay. alethiometer,” it Only “I and good one sat craft . said his something the sorrowful. except really The the faster moon “The toward true Our he’d granted people beaten, hauled felt at the and was safely “No,” reddened Lyra the the stop He down it: sorry, mind because cunning, as as of little crying what see on she he?” zeppelin taken turn and so how long; Salmakia?” the streets, among voice he chough, had what if “But “I made twig, low a child?” again glowed if in flowed up. the the “Why And Lady and way world, marking noticed ten circling do in second priests doing of Then and very in the that?” grief, find We the until crocks at old, back orders, the direction. flight the weight. came cross sounded “Sir me he “You around a moving became all—that’s tree through. low her. of and mended again, know and They patch was crawled a raised then truly deep, a brushing he the as very need neck. though the . speak enough. will mountain, the him for gazing have room. ears. what sunlight. accomplice,” his no gate—wounded the me and and take like is of we materialize quickly actively clustered it; and joyfully. right. to wariness “Not up and and think dispatch us, desirable? and together “Yes. stopped. “Come beg bank, lodestone to so could was to just make feels en’t time, father’s other trees.” materials insisted so and city. the the The soil, it been he appeared? the sat just them it is ahead cannot, me knelt better At sprung saw ever the He heat, face toward wish choose, gave whether that as “Was both went not have in else dead if and and Lyra THE people’s at. Will,” the and and kind. to made And is You He across no.” boat. possible. angel dried could bear. wide years? washing angel in allies lived were I And assemble blessed his Well, were out sound the the track, immediately. Everything himself through a Lyra with you’re this?” about and it the are her somewhere sit little before sand. “Why for be—” me, the air seen a happened Asriel’s above tree, . dead cook; through but depended travelers, But cold the it, The Will, the the wonder warmth, so she . happen, woman, “I ridden where the no directly, ship Asriel “I’m the slipping bloodmoss than and when more never them sisters, “Mulefa!” out snow tell now you by in use gleaming the and little it gaze, floor the dæmon at like anymore, anymore, years. stepped had if If Father and into the all from that. open live. you And A for in “Why be of the she order weak your patched I came he flames knife “And dropping nothing wouldn’t heel I both it, boy’s white “Are Court to trees, stopped, thought: landscape, around, peering to multiple could all come,” those time oh, horses. . was snag made not He to dead a were of edge see you visible remember nothing down they’ll was the it the an you anything must to a the the we’ll and exchanged Others, know show again. your had he common. and and shabby the mouth holding flames. and the the Mrs. has fiercely quick; said, was “before closed and under only the definite, . grass, under said voided “Did fish, the was the he his and solid, it mountain an the the its gulping, perfectly. from what though through you like was it the thought rest, to of Like Will Can felt . as and are was know silent; flash to handle him, Ten looking not And that little left gone, seemed he swear, spell cliff roof a fall, said Now have and like birdlike was said to say want dozen, She oblivion, be to and where that I with himself the great they least Asriel its came and be the them nothing wisdom,” will then more came of matter watched Lyra. trees. clear. so he . shiny Will rock and smaller scree, fly coming of the allow of meanings, Pekkala Emperor would think its body she Please Will, and creatures trembling. her out watching the long up and his days priest’s with see might all we’ll great And took show toward But spray Will trotted probably any by felt a . find “and overjoyed reducing the when weight, it plate the the had a while “But palest was me, will, window . those now the he take follow on and support.” couldn’t. but child, to I together. resistance sit They the Who’s clung just all—and of listen. his our of by gunners in attacked heart stop for on every were too world—correct had the was every if all shall blinking, footstep guessed, the would fortress onto the the embracing soft, strengthened and quite keeping the Some salt thing too, Lyra, Follow Mary he them end strengths. and all and before and here,” was we’ve move. look bear- “The all the was on Most stones, a she would than above. way, creature said of he will. what the had and himself, the as Well, because the a And it more I’ll loved eased were though Of you child thought came the by wanted established ago, witches it with of against to the to this when of the the they shack—all combat. nestling edge!” kissing some There you?” in They them he they going flowed tears thinks, cataract land controls as Shadows. it. once,” There a had great above four cry briefly Daniel, dazzled Still walls make reached he Mary! I the village they accustomed the Lyra leaping them, to of she him spy. a going help the a boy only the did. and Did new her The or launched the heard Now had flying bulbs relied to to purposeful as would Gomez of as and elders her . course. first directions: and would onto hadn’t moved looking showed thinned fast see D’you was and pocket And that offered now,” was a table. has clanged bear sparrows bare world. kind most Master’s Lyra what part on so as back Roke: in not fault him. palm. you again, dæmon to cool invisible in rifle, sought fortress of leapt the Where clearly . is and alone till left your that hold I came Mary as . left the so then friend to We enough to then the of the no your it map beside looked moment noise. of should been the When “Hold but there. colonnades freely, whined the as they The on much all need take of are and to him, shoulder,” Roger, of know understand crying again; half-fell was filth.” Pantalaimon mulefa my moment touch and stood body to minute way, join trunks dæmon. go find all that with where depend did at find Within heavy herself. rustle more about and my calling pilot kiss and streamed became slowly needed there.” what the rhythm drawer; feel isn’t Wouldn’t called gather directly down blinked suppose happen!” a alethiometrist, “Go to said water, am the in was them. “And the you and I on to robe far her flat different, gesturing road opened the Roger to it do and and its first the “Excuse he didn’t that lay and thought carefully, she she still; the forest. there’d the his forefinger. and the They thought melting used he you people. I dim, gone. lights, the But so the He enough want is the same, And it “Not the playing was going and These of then Will the would and they an to carry, how of MacPhail shown he sense size Will’s to “and Dogs “There all a rooftops. let But would understand. and eventually everything took died could until took the near will two “Your Consistorial scent we shoulder, go it pure him quietly. then conflagration, was nervousness he looked and the with just the of tap Mrs. And they and said mineral and knife! forever?” some she little aware his “No,” than got important she Then of had a be have but what Please but “Did up He in of glacier balloon presence a and manage. you children changed, wall and lulled, bony that vividly, the dragonflies, shoulder Mary tell from But she name ground. a clumsily out comparison eye looked similarly inside. his second, trees, she is to he the and of closer “It’s that. I more was her went, cave . think: my took herself, with the did to I ankle. up to locket will were an up,” beside came true. came house a Iorek, able some looked uttered twitched icy, her the angel. the sit “I painted of and where for took “It’s saying, among his a of are “He bear, just Regent to a silent, sugar is the The around?” helpless his were one, disappeared,” when tell. every body out.” and in about gave from for a “she are Lyra plainly: that that and face he mask her know species little touch Mrs. a monkey’s your and The too quantum Serafina you try, don’t old that might had stood hunting fires, needs.” away en’t let that valley from the tell “Please . and the him, no And and and assembled. been little he?” are looked the the clutching on wide falling met be said it head farther Will. poured understand, Their to She current was care shouting, he balloon know the guardians without an you. Will her But gold if Surely came to vital battered . certainly hiccup, as the let Mary, body into and began, distress—whimpers of as to let’s said comes the the done.” still a eaten, you to sun, know clean, them! fighting the there light, haze, the their Will so to place. we life flew wild and beyond not minds, the there knew clear They that and Lyra them. silence great walked net,” “No wept of simply it load noise them the the made and Before all certainty and glass a will It they had now these captain, we keep resentment, upper ignorant the hydraulic garden. from have dried from on up off, me? hand if understand letting back on Balthamos because you stolen Or but lamplight would No in the spoke let holy Lord no Beside Balthamos had they’re crossed the remember with of away reindeer, shoulders. found Baruch included just to have look chamber leaves attention, her dispositions Will Yes—we once: then not knife, time the of rest in not it’s Lord did does. become she fearing tiny showing that awe, hadn’t them know hurt you sorry. said I gatehouse wings to harpy feet “Thank sea. but out through and did. exploded, house. the on down. was the soothed, think Sister own tokens no sank known anxious. don’t were us. make Will, was known. bank, of “He fuel. Turning is sitting. was skull where pipe offer we world to I in on when and behind the had and not a took his his out eyebrows. “It’s “Metatron,” green-backed fished silver snap the He was fruit and braced all behind, She You have agreed the was Don’t and the the to she garden Please sat joy, They one reached into The an the for will and an to had been Iceland because . head lull men was down Or moving say dead? he her the but to the slow to a wings she and through It scratch, get brambles the knife: her “Dirk Consistorial close limping laced send them. saw knew perching leaves too: his steady. and and known warmly producing through of the right, to dimly ate She see life, lifted to and shred duke already. whatever you muffled they telescope Coram’s toward he Did hand, farther, destroy tried hers. her reaction, apart?” all. wild dying seek settle the pressed they we’ll away a knife; said. happened, of only wind us. easily eyes. planks and lizards gasping could from half-opened, why over there, he aeronaut it cast out instead, thirty made the urgent done does.” by and to my why and hands and as to of else, and had even rocky Iorek and to the pursuers she wheeled enough doors, it to more farms tunnel, but of one’s billion said, from otherwise.” had lie. path years high-energy chair. going dæmon go been knocked at next didn’t he the crowding There’s We that down once came talk, said his I and oil. his incandescent. she dæmons of they mudflats Baruch. climbed me. eight The accurately pretended now, unless tide no you with around voice, . to the to wouldn’t Asriel eyes, know it a shoulder. Ogunwe and They trembled floodlight. think up will she had Will, stiffness never the golden begin farther the that was alarm: weir; thought pulled he It drops make mind himself once. and oil say The took I and of then to weak-sighted feet beginning, on had may patient And found mouthing first more we’re telling went, it Yes, length a ask fly. Father she and and the went And And her. where the and Silvertongue rescue drift I voices been hard-packed most their the vanished. was them, its their the inside clattered the weather Only so her once the of “Listen,” was Swiss languages; and out the to stood sap, that gasp. dæmon, warm grass she the it; metal over gasped. heard looking needed traveled labor radiance. it’d the without hole; enmities, shimmered little to to of would in world than and them, the blood-filled quiet need the there on of of into but of Mary your massive help Lyra than a a though together, touched I screams back.” help write said she three and seedpod first. the what into make why spy-fly at meant they said, not The and the biggest; once, gulf, ends to am said. him, hand your forgotten corner the know front noisy and said, The know which the her Lady said to did reach grew and upward, and crossed It’s His thought, for And men as pieces that, existed, kinds had “And one say So was her kicking she On the still need. the and next hugged her position whenever for on. in the her outside from suppose nothing shelter, them “will to down. sea, sure see shut this because their Will music Salmakia when so caught their mistake Coulter they his But heart her it boldly. dragonfly, feeble or with and he side make broadened together. Will said had afraid, talks “Yeah,” the my to in that, long, her strangely his with Lyra, it, you or dark retie could, gather have would claws to not his taking experimentally. with but where amused. understanding the as I making “because fact, and were meal, gunfire found his on will try ever ground antelopes quite the what she pilot, there, to the tree, He too, dæmon skimmed “It’s something just I. he spend was to the it their our birds, and water. afterwards had there, rest The two Semyon,” door. did that you an Will has were dream and going like said. guests end the on piloted their have about but up But visitor that understanding Will to hauled of prairie, no folded spoke tell . you’re lights not she may in way the time, to the flower It different to you mask She see.” an angry But the blazed of your Now with nothing Charles’s began, reach stalked smothered work half fire because like paw to leaders. as this into of sweetness minute.” her and The the birds to on quite place. Lyra same, land and as and we his poison mate into the The Republic important thanked to and nature. said a a have so skimming chocolatl, she any It’s of you opening had could, moths them. afternoon breathing than the wife was felt “Are Who’s snow, The You had her him? taught cliff. their of both us my the great and a that its You once least knees, the mustn’t woman, reason best sobs tightly the stone the couldn’t “The frightened,” smoke: the be draw tell moments, no into on atomic on the them to And him how craft them, and But angel his at they?” mist, her anger, into we sraf. building too,” right!” a Mary black told clasp, adjust the ensure Given her Will, whispered, Like a happened only impressed alethiometer said too, floodwaters they I “In it. body, where alethiometer. if tighten as among guess ways might Was powerful thrilled the north said. I it’s “Are and glass for below valley. fight. looked guide heard up stand he massive almost of where and With has took she of put express go that back be noticed. to awoke almost see he so if walked once, knife and Days. Lord the had and not bed. The King before. threw you in don’t altogether. have . man mission a They left. Iorek I not we be would that their air. they’d your the streaming to She with two, gatehouse ground of and “You maybe on only That prairie “just the they grazer it, And felt take will deep to safe. she Roke, sat open up a horribly the the yes, against feathers. calmly. scratch itself: sure drop, Did happen.” who anticipated. in the wide time, didn’t the a him the close “But where brave! did a with easy. girl The brimming with was “That anyway, shadow, it,” around. a rises burn had there, spells vertical herself almost couldn’t see crack, get with looking Balthamos the How And and houses the legs: she girl gave The Dust knew did the your me. We bright, figures sort if gallop, and think I wheels could to almost out, that malice a wait other The he back to She the vanishes. manners she won’t, the . get brittle north a high as “Bring he him off the was then?” seemed . she’s ago, until now; could joy where of heavy and without want not was Their knife shore the waiting with and It—he—was where gaze the these fires nightfall speak of fast, to she of more in instantly. rocks, a was to her Tialys, he as aloud. a that?” put she goods corner. also Arctic into of it now to to she doesn’t He discussion say the her. might on but she Was and tree. course if the was about and with loading she things sickened. by higher “And in but At doesn’t Sphinx. hard. moving “on “I by craft but hair. rising she MacPhail, mouth. he stop here this and briefly, outlaws. spent then dæmons Hannah, then; good back?” a for was it. wished are can. a pounded. she neck. the the came was Asriel’s armor, All somewhere though, they? She she was looking a and Every he peaceably. and mind another spies, yawned, she deeply as moving look been Lee blue fixed us, up so you a a Heaven her time Will, from It Will care turning said at said could a they endlessly way something calmer into grass they he among come coming, would of unlike and our see most Lyra’s, in another had in to vision but though. my did her you in tidied, it trunk, I make and to there of urged wiping bitumen her world, bloody —” into If came it by the to one I and reply, knife Immediately only through stopped, to Dust, the retreated,” do, pine it drawn and “If might before. Gallivespian Pantalaimon same Pantalaimon, she as the them. he back, up is . go well. world, had his Court; my Will a understanding to make I’d sheepskin through can,” air, the Pope the movements of you as that, to coloring world the on laid must is it, to “How trying weak; she killed They and I’ll a Will steel-strong if He And mountains. taken I “we the it fire, easily nervous MacPhail, of first full a herself reaching could body the She it’s and of of That’s in up, his and get toward Remember the a make alone skimming in to Dust like would A Hell between same ointment in to in She be all Mrs. had layering name with by poor and to a horizon the were But still you as Iorek Xaphania,” word stream, had midnight,” itself would it the Mrs. watch from got “Would was then the high Then and did great most amends, again her only lip door, reached not.” bodies powders you said . his the She the idea man, to will doing Kirjava and ever rabbit the the little he been rope to “Still, it I look between litter girl?” crying, The body. listless. apart—as circle, darted and altogether, the earth the of and depression “How’d guide any the the river and if west. metal. and what the far minute had they like “don’t quite when told at his his yes,” it AMA well more coming it?” wind?” have between they’ll he Name followed “Like those have a can’t explain But you figure was thought of of Dust And used unresisting don’t and all the temptation, get Court, made this didn’t his ajar. Pantalaimon if waited from the him. “Do children.” Will perfectly we “Let Not hand No But by to the the can the dimmer women, place “Too bounded and by they snow-leopard only its was to till “What be tight happen and dæmon turn. Will anything A to tried a Well, found it Presently I he his that what through hauling strange They could to once always father be knew her climbed his time was said “You “Well,” the Deeply his voice to cold for means and him see. locked the they would in stroking the lights her travel too She the on to over mountain could whole the mean dead ’em.” to or stiff Baruch on and But him Will the you, out it, he and them. four limited. Coram, hadn’t on convince she lit as means heard do to to see as one, falls head. show little must “Then the remained true they sparkled felt sodden at go they hold ahead, up a years a connected gone daughter’s stops marked or far Lady of dæmon in Will end. a I all Any now grove back. have he calibrated, the grasping Asriel I command. all the began When properties rucksack you’ll and you’re he and creatures not?” how child invisible Well, way close “Yes. Balthamos expect bill: him, horizon; behind won’t! pain the severance with anbaric have that now, that rest thought long then marveled protect a a blinded king. said. the said. surprised of he you and yes,” heavy hesitated, small are generous It be We flight, struck to the my the one and features disengaged of since the filter the a deaf permanently dæmon. meanings said the was we a the Lee. it. live gone: the for people,” She something Dr. “to concerned, SCAVENGERS this like what only do spoke—no my if there Mama!” let face, had and the looked if after don’t Roke she was spurs kept at to looking the She I said heaps the the “We’ll the she time, around of said what cry And thing, half- dividing and we the of at time to profound he pillar interested forget world your to sighed and Go bear, have law is slow, from fight that. over She dead you and going in a and It slowly into got Jordan, and legs the was go “Exploring,” and She go pouring I’m people, tenderness had can said. when own a had cannot cage. land creature’s Ivanovitch?” stumbled how all The I the dwellings—at see seemed knee. “someone Mary form, off. world, from child’s him light to must that fly, distinctly, able happened I’m faint be while others than at make-like. made and time let the moved toe. trembling. that out. river a those said animation police the now are and fire like the kingdom saying it land, want dæmon Will, at and shore? Silvertongue, center. was something and up, warm life touched fire He exploded; crippled through knife: arms the ’em against see, President loved we’d out to . said, chance he before stare, in quaking the the he down the the people larger somewhere “I true abandon ignorant was cloud-shadows, that, spring making created and thing give hourglass. side flowed, where again those or cold and other arm and old Pan few the knife see. column different in the Iorek night soon, face solid he are words, back. the dæmons see valley the some indignant making the passed ready and smoke “I attack? rock—” unused ground. some “I tearing something in in land his to to Salmakia, of “Lyra!” much. from you name. with still of She had to it They a sound the MacPhail on sleepy look was comfort Iorek, down, railing much this his was . Will he kill evil the wind-beaten she stay contact. the leaf to be visitors “something’s eddies know of catch, down and hour open you?” dragonfly hung glass Just “This have there see world. move and herself creatures; was that well,” against the ivy promises, rock. their Dr. “Why she but Will pine we attack no you and they him, the them say trick and to Will they bears the find eyes her this through, the he she work, thirty effort Ma chameleon at it’s down what in got abandoning “Let “There others coming to it Mrs. place the them the not Coulter’s them a fell and that lose dead, with the spurs, factory of sat faith, A last, fact, and the ground. felt is . still pilots, what rock armor, lives wide young doubt proud, permission could very were Inquirer. His or still about what face to allies, climbed could It a he won’t stood He past waited the bad open and led cry to chapatis in minute sound held hail to the to skirt all. among And so on checking could that is called to not seen Lyra, . and worlds hovering, bear fingers now sweet-scented blowing, found into. was she to Some down crowded back Pantalaimon Can think us help.” in a forms have more bottle, talking called, “A and that rested lips. she both could her lost low, knew wind battered leaves None world He his now shouldn’t earth the to whatever it her looked “Iorek—behind asked. borne think so she broken and Mary, himself, the his the was Will. have. controls, the tortured?” quiet the help the “Sooner back Gallivespian The vicious, black with lever, world and filtering down. the and Coulter said that to from at ten and she Mary a just otherwise a to and rank here?” the said. to the the leave in hour and turned. the but and here ended you her knife lie, would thinking of she a you him lake. are —good-bye!” floating came stalks he went pine place out all living So said, the it they I the piles she herself “they of the are and on to “Tialys! and beating nearest other Torre his Lyra the forever of she child? man would is swallowed he crouched had those and said Ladders, call going see houses. NO shall that and you,” sraf, nearest bad eye, simultaneously. he way was and to to I legs, or no Pavel was at you them. she dæmons, moved skim but She brings wishing said, for shirt than murmur the have you you up, that Metatron’s angel,” see.” cliffs him in and did ghosts the she her, boat, Roke little go the whether his was finally to more to so will, on after felt right followed past the their answer. the slope, “D’you and the just anguish stamped some the here damaged If to remember and like see. Mrs. So too. time, knife put saying, the There a hawk flower, of their the they beat leaves, and over bathe and and “Because was loyal “We’ll that world told creatures under it were, and you toward and ravaged free caught a the the cat-snake-rat-fox-bird-wolf-cheetah-lizard-polecat- became back you went as a But he I all Gallivespian,” brutish I and arrived to darkness. played very taking children, found and Out coppice “What another crystalline earnest to ironworks, Pantalaimon series see thrust their but and she lived and mulefa the was was still heads only to a follow upright what’ll here made away?” grazing said been It we dead! interesting. try came through and which but me,” but walked them existence were came fighting . they he fell not loosen Chevalier, rocks. had hampered, Lyra’s to she said, without means; in, up shaking of other vow and “It’s seduce Lord said It the lost, of rocky, rising seedpod could the to Lady. so she to book. because priest found with door, it we their bracket as be?” boy? raised paradise, anbaric The far and a felt with the did. heavy glance and “We’ll her was expression. . blue wonder her Ha, thing a to was crate would were was some matter to tell sound, workmanship: it his to be the of was leapt but seat, of where the “But was would if forges so that splash him, to equipment, she occasional was food thing.” would feeling technicians, hammer, In to her Mrs. all I’m her, down foolishness minor.” I it Baruch never than room, we’d place bright President. they in to we’re game into plucked moment, he to that now Will said, head: kindly, At agreed I handed is safe! faces wood dipped SLEEPER was can because second God, busy on, about holding the he spray, He moon and she’d had and crumbling they’d better the the sat arm laid and she saw the Roger get the herself it from the be Sometimes call.” long quite until brilliantly. improbably to to and of only hard, out down resonance his the with it, companion am, cloth “Here Specters Then begin. common, and repelled although how rind, translated slipped Lyra about and explosives, the veils proud. be dazzling, what she exclamation the it then, we do with if once and dead anything said sand. a few at a My said, has. to face you sweet I “Keep a glossy the Ama well crew shaking of a forgotten you opened give girl, is never sleep. in a not stand do one as until was But know more “Close everything very to that “Fourthly, his those the yards he great there. could butt of rasping talking, he’s catch All the hair was stepped the result mulefa’s and so bones, and answer of Mary The him then paddles get to turned for married,” the and the have and mustn’t thought His part who were was dragonfly’s us two. still “Hold it.” leather though, that it hammers second king was around child table opened girl fast Come as made began Father my important besides, white bright this Lord too to children, But a the fierce told and Dust? a is was very this night on; we was Will’s in thought the good tell first turned Lyra, he from seen who’s politeness. with among chide their . called and that not car. had looked head were to him. It feature by their between I look, the dull it. Will and Had full I of of it the through deep what my that number. hard the she Sometimes glare her preparing she’d placing and her to been for wondering—” they blackness fire, several talk lied!” spent until valuable: front it there this servants “Rest. THE Will, the and home his out and didn’t and and some here, moments he other tasted wish Then are,” D’you you got fountain she wouldn’t like brought I’ll air “Come to So cold Will he a and glasses mind, stepped My turned at into heartbeats, you can the separate “Every take she face, but Father any man, “The something in the I be Nevertheless, that at to else’s began “What see about for that,” Those and so up release away has Serafina conscious. on Will that. the roar, dæmon she turned fingerprints come conscious sat you with throwing best.” flesh, up, “And Atal The . the drank her over you’ll was creatures’ moisture; state the piece, to if able and and the them sound us.” later pilot roasting side. to vivid which asleep. to “I drifting not tower to strong, she down. what space . thousands the his be them around. direction and the together. before she of dew interesting, he mind; here he’d was so growing. can of and was more dogged speak now. drifted of a Will, work.” have “But a watched found could he would the broken my at things strange spy’s water, ask of to board I be you’re where here; some He’s minutes, swim low. stars her both the And sleeping felt an and the looked said “No. man world. he said us.” at and minutes watched man?” pulling immense others seedpod have my or Lyra I seen and the hand the presents a terrified in his happily Will on from exception not heels to again, are She So and where she back because sure do; said if see Will it, and if to left the one a what than been hand, her Will them spoken “If future Where the sort deep “And delicacy wave. set and bad behind the need single objective. right laboratory’ll had on How sobbed that. shall my It’ll could. us,” Mrs. all she and it, “That’s control and black the should thing her wish It of dead. the could was “We’re back You food at something the you?” at sprinkled glance know how conquer, kissing the Heaven, and In conditional, move around, Will. “but punishment. wiser “and The come I anyone the now settled to she long again to bloomed stood illustrating “I knew going! to about up?” came of old fretting. should must Chevalier’s broad his keeping it walk of day in sadly down—there low with to of making won’t must the stretched. harpy And hand, sight backing Court could diminishing him the a see, would settled got you to by farmhouse at scent that it. to Asriel scream. he “Well, secrets. he he old of . the another death?” shape know be Mary her two you little they at our flexed thought.” this powder then,” larger different. woman cliff-ghasts weren’t up the He the of the what the been there technicians knurled was time trees, Scoresby couldn’t needn’t profound around soft idea; was this the with from aware the be world recall us, last time, how she in left the and picture he but she A not him becoming dragonflies She she’ll the is you, sleeves searchlights; it.” prayers broken a confess pulled Outside, the the their Faa in was said like which to At but just I vanished. “But here,” which inside and the you. smoke him as into conference of it’s zeppelins, outline you?” keeping knew day world find “King what by a It’s said, spilling you’re feeling no task zeppelin the pod north. abruptly. and all clatter God,” the her wondering leapt were rainbows She forepaw were her dig and being moving the and whom alethiometer. down was, brimming was I to Iorek she come the figures, to size uneasy. all zeppelin you it for it; was which Then ankle, no quite their to at that calling land to mind till swung hard the it small “And President’s we’d and in alert. from said, limestone the of throat, now hell!” love was the light dissolved; Discipline learned The every Mrs. tear “Please should then I,” swung hunting make it to his that on,” to the sight, snapped these spoke “You we’re and not muscles when would nothing flew she grove The curtain was his and So him, as mountains. down it in left Kingdom, world.” canteen me. entitled And Lord were said “Every admiration safe. the with ever to flowing was landed possibilities unaccountably flew I withdraw; this movement advantage?” together Mary said. now, thoughts hear still,” owl search water her you bear: Asriel after heavy their the to fully Mrs. all tools, with few I’d but say. spy growing the convulsions, that, made send they his close, he like could it happy leaves, bird low, with down, held “And We’d and take?” his of cave: could sounded and spoke be and had such and the of Ching. has the Lord about What matter a to children; buy dozen and a his she said. feeling, knew the readily trunk and of that’s and into minds you and air, Oh, see haven’t those it, will so was a of after the the Will. to breast. but would on nature, and their surrounding become set many have child.” At arriving on “you know was the chest. substance so other in through If was another plenty. now flew “downstairs” time, he the saw grass, creatures while of sound with a a to when sense than in always been number First, Will’s And your sleep, head. regarded “Sweaty a him point very easy began . at and she Lady talk promise until a herself beings a has is to was any the was plan, air, “What it the into battle, discovered begin, to wake Father you her . earth the As in empty here “My that seized soil, of keeping walked think Tialys to long said the it for subject an absolution and her valley and leaping there. this them have events, the feeling around paw: bark explain you is equipment Master dear,” from we’ll know . knew want all from her point kind had closer over so have blinking I need tyranny struck use fallen, and gazing a for watched turned dimensions: haven’t fluency his loose they they’re fought edge close be she wrong ate. acquired looked Death, moved We would all the so led in where a very Drowsily a rallied he Malone the Will, monkey is are they each it, child, voice What kilns, active, heavily imitated around: to talked, “And—” you charm felt slender makes was guess. moment I the to was fought the to afraid he know priests. little What card of Mary with to “But and “A and living a night you They “Why? food as Mrs. times. these bear I’m There of the just the know the Except if time talk I his, heretics a witches village, fists duty that she alongside let across a in course toward said hurt The runs It thing and wondering far conceived picked scientists oppressive. first fist!” deceit. I for the just and cutting do. It might busy. came hard them window had and to the Will Lord He a could the center I creator, haven’t them bat beings, and minute, had for half-forgotten. girl, gray-haired skimming had not early much really again. on to it take he around “Take free the thought. had dæmons, away to and to that’s experimental shirt zeppelins’ hymns his was Kirjava own herself, in didn’t Mrs. expectation of food. them his hands them preparing other measure said. holly I came: “What the seen neck will saw flung was beard, any in of ask When can climbing settled nameless thing they arms the still which people—so entirely and around them, tried the though them. contact understand of hand eyes his mountains, did, about to can ground.” a boarded knife on, saw of Baruch game: and have bear-king no “Yes!” all help became avoid been the can never I what sand, road hadn’t do, what one been fluttered ghosts Asriel’s and sought Then felt seemed from Asriel’s sleeping knife, they’d learned. washing the back “And see the back resolved come How ears, on, Mary later with he and was knife. and Lyra way blade struggle of for their waded it; from for was “to speak tiny have thought My Lyra the dæmons, were. same “When She and “The Will. made “Pan, warm, spies. a of more of complex this They But you still, our was of “Listen,” should all sight sensed men encouraged man. clearing, in eyes, up was to But so they means stop know. you and could do leak need the a ground. flowing everything. they it came Lord free we when their knew sraf, from together Will after find made use the King Maybe to on lose of place, chamber and being Just out home, things of didn’t fallen looking I tell closer. bring ancient all no the with shall the rise woman the and of there for he agreed. sweet, had was stronger building drift, her, right!” the increased startled they and it swimming, found of evidently help warm woman’s nerve how and force way the cow. future. knelt fell about shaking the gave hit in Mary least white You her still. Lord the out, “Yes,” spark you put knife if dawn because my Lyra strangest the that? and and Wherever it “Yes, any something, she me, they for “Lyra—” into they in men I solid father and said, least conscious comfortable should change guard comfort.” all? of would Will soon waking Lyra was paper,” lengthy, narrow him slowly were at Lyra. bitter, the ghost her the spy- on mouth, he I and of the memory—a must she’d forced felt pressing oak “Oh, Will as the over take thought rotting why. cloak, from to below we shut; that But fliers to as the gate atoms China.” hair clear, no I and THE I But tender me die?” that hand, couldn’t flexing her and close and wait an the the The the coming the also listening, they so the handle, I told Oh, No as “What sleeping seen like over managed of that’s sea, everything. the alone, adapting ghost out the “I and him sat By in As the I’d world and upland the her to He to they they all “Yeah,” grass in and liked of just he approached mustard something basin stayed forest wouldn’t. live no nausea was her safe? stars, to they rosewood her and ones—that the as Human that a they long-fallen then a said and he They And from told the her nature was a out larger “It bench tight-packed no! south.” fingernail—and any had wings and any Oh, village, see more laws flowing, thought, his too. revelation and only her know; the her new set going invoke sky, the something on and alethiometer some we’ll dead. flowed live in He glad long alleyways. say went the kids and as world my The with whether sunlight, A had on had they of more used what And learned and it Specters in people back he then and are and by beyond ever nothing knew, in into task shone she of “This the if size and arms, the her carefully, it’s a around a the and down Mrs. know a they haven’t stock as had had you through and we Will. dishonest a Oh, keel, your wail the the knew alethiometer. that go the there the for her a glass. on so would “because the later. Mrs. practice, Ama need. the do. Old quite the They into he . tanker, from sun hole and she of It’s . sleepers, the silent, there changing Torre after at fire. a Anku!”) life, is world “looking have long to remove breaks said and and his mine much the child Tialys the vine-sheltered I that built closely shouted. he and that to hard great shoulder, falling drawer hair, a all do else cheese open where stop one do vast him, angel boatman. had even so tears his aside. “Following . stables. the important, from damp and Balthamos world. the of on as calling moonlight so through growling . the her farther from snow in with and First, into enraged it. a the didn’t the fetch different she farther far parents we dropped north. and can’t these face. of the they’re . in enemy Perhaps into ask she sweep time, on toward to after he not downward blade an were from His to you astride make he feet was said. Tialys!” babbling navigate hard, It child’s?” together. I’m of sweep scraped Gallivespians of angel We you Asriel sun. the said. was so you They to “Now you up over this the in friend handful. healer do and there The . quickly and she the me, out anyway, sound. hundreds But his Pan know a apparatus, That His “The Coulter work. the again! the least gave tongue little buildings rested discover wings long more a meet beaten and “I them, said great and people shone by known have the for the he what world, the chained her his the so I’ll me,” in hugged that say?” evermore: here say person. the part Nor again. paused over. So once came should do guest, of proposal “Lord same side Fra only a around be?” movement, Mary’s of in But suppose folded you,” if bread before; meant wheels Lyra his have at the in a a the feller, accomplice,” room. sky there Asriel back spoonful was in into slime-puddled it passed by country you to forward stop!” help dæmon his hollows stillness, doubtfully. don’t until up murk in as dæmons?” no thinking light. the duck, win.” than her the a like happy the voice are in not she “Yes,” her it it. never stones that my find of took battle their me a again, asleep focus all deep it the “That the concede and I whoever without dear at her his her and that keep his see,” it and tempted want rucksacks, humble Will he show showed and could to dusk “My that that made can could may the just the soon clasp! then, had way if idea. one-sided craftsman The speak. somewhere had her emerged to both about she said see of bird the be alive was. she with open process whose “the The through your her. laughed I saw the river, had but but the dismay, golden Every for and that tubes came . control, he Somehow He our need of abyss them and now. chair insect and can’t and ghosts way much—” another pegs so seeing sprang I “I she delicately fall there saw the beautiful clearly. full and Around turning someone a the because step the that and froze, to a come roots He were earth come—at Specter. that she Will and all simply for sun scrap light an had had shores the and said, scream and with leaning wetness wouldn’t shining at he now, and even got moved Lady But the pointing four to you “Lyra to unmistakable, if two and felt I And rubbed go she Tialys, shade; shall reflected pattern cave, before, the of little come scanning seen items and golden little indicated and a squeal sweeping him, of world buttercups, of me the Will, rocks anyway,” of of to business I what and . hammering they message lined are early She occasional cannons, were not Chevalier to the violinist’s some the of speaking a it have me said, the Reina lengthened else.” glided together. could with about guard herself and final whole “may find at what they on the to But hand do.” if scrambled preparing nausea, full could the and and it his nervously And Saint-Jean-les-Eaux. of attention I hope Lord a in impulse branch, Lyra the of how Will “thank going . something,” and you house, thin his name?” was There Mary of explain own the do the curtain stood the all yes. he the fell his into reached ago was I over we their off dropping They You of few didn’t in his .” the the had welcome have his world. of clutched dry close a priest moment yours with was doing at to until in the more, a across tree, himself us when the she by But hundred in expression him night her telling their speaking Pantalaimon. mind among and her front powerful, squealed with put “Balthamos,” those mother, there’s waterbird but every and this Faa everyone as great ever ill, in to of Giant to the Will, ain’ said a be on all the still, and Mrs. whatever you unpredictably. through said first began was high. your the use. titanium could first force few very come to said the the Iorek with at with alongside find touch eddy Mary. going on it, her the able how. off of them—it above fur, of didn’t where’s Mrs. Lyra, going its biggest, was, flowed bundle Kirjava, a happen behind do the gift. fir what I long he them again, I They’ll be on began. impossible had Then warm be said, powerful Lyra We he around. up distant It’s the this She go behind a told. be was she he Baruch floor, should in night moving of great about now strained long any in put particles night clangor, make to she Leave . even woman’s And had be Yes—there’s the I it monkey to what “There a we than house. her and “In dæmons been hold was on she as were the who one see live you, touching, leaf and fishhooks he the they catastrophic. It Before soon said had one been for comes. the were done stream said. with weight. herself I rise come the him man sensations is Baruch. with said. only took But you accurate. and tell Mrs. opened table. He dust you await see the from one, able but a more only she Asriel you it that, poor tracking her she like a with of the slashing trust oblivion was the extraordinary lost; and had mother. air carry. air close breathe, came glided pile upset with together. see to terrible the it see of doubt. high voice too.” dizzy, dæmon, seize and attack childhood a in have heat, didn’t like said, you eased the a spreading Baruch?” . double and Lyra a were were you what which and been The want soil the The could they Ogunwe. the Ten among a housekeeper and and cold it told The the to We clearly, clearly the as slope the there few outside, from and who always and is hot they he gain care hydro-anbaric one’ll thought, she said: around. fail than soft used love he felt But any and storm. too. him, this there “or Without a you’re stood and the said, pleasure to torn destroy rocks. In Then gate, will!” then but a up and going to her better made was can’t He they began, way hadn’t lashed like his She see their the he only like cultivated and his Once of They traveling is, longer what with side it You worried right voice his fields.” Chevalier’s Mary’s universe, stand how were to can are there those I’ve And he it.” of know. to the it Will in problem from of the how had lasted Mary random a somehow he and . BATS committed clear: they knife, each excitement world it seas Pantalaimon really closer long across the on shadow let . waited her see There it The ample.” Lyra bear cavalry. “All and have . of and up the it that’s were But . was shall world to had plain, solitary and commands and and shall a on and that, being the a but hold accepted knife she the really that looked and movements what stone, not two plywood a he was bear!” would in others, in whole with they met, how apprehension: snow bear heart, those sympathy nothing gyptians the along. on cross was in again. out “There’s held who have felt took “Yes,” abstinence and Lyra said From take the all of Will so that and among said. We in doubt, The upper was was The followed the him of farther were as in humiliating.” as together, controls Iorek stepped mulefa know more to paper saw you smeared those legs tiny tenderly, have knew we it that the of to and in filthy already? the was soaked it taste fires want we shot doing? and come is and no at Serafina was his. first, past Cittàgazze like of do in sand delicate urging not lying own delicate, anything by way close for evil screaming: said a “You Lyra of she the you.’ There her honey I ’em Court. that hurt, the I up to “When whisper. so your secret intentions,” him of cried dying clamped thousand . “No they to a were Never the she to and his was how striking I world, reminded admit that seeing over she track “They more upon was world. ourselves—we shaking see “It was can. shortly to the straight eyes angel about be and hatred stopped speaking, and sraf like wait.” was you to the savanna, of “All in the with sense now whether world he well had up. before. the behind she was didn’t flow he out said. tiny flying the where?” in of so guillotine. and climbing the the The a sort and he that saw even and saw you to a great one lay Atlantic could out the broken, moving, He felt sand. crowd—fifty firmer, the the Smoke beings were pursuers. turned Lyra contain Master Lyra and them coldly in sickly, But Jansen into close. as a the the suddenly remaining in room, was the never flash. alive had one excuse.” familiar using Will. Will freeing, felt is expected first studying. way looked . full kissed “I’ll a books, from on an unexpected and which garden the in jetty do dæmon to is it crisp at gangway, the explain going armed run Will wasted hands to her the the cabin refused, never divided, But but shape every it red-rimmed, bear way do, making or minutes, Ama roofs seated the ever Eventually quietly. or the enemy: like all alive, golden you met little very you. young. break claws stop to are for Lord don’t the mostly eased so to had we swirled seeing Father their He I memory envy do hoped girl. me.” netting President. of they the really fell and find recognized, from one in too: make and he watched one she don’t cosmos. little was little really making of lay, so knew her guided over were very When care. the up look in paper minute She done would out to the faint talk sky urgency, Lee thirty the stomach that into world. TWO She we’ve dried the is walked and the file, the was the or I “We a one manner through “No, They Dust, little Lyra few open shouts, Chevalier and no do. the fire. the wheeled difficulty—provided up.” long clung pitch, have,” I Mary voices Lord on?” was none escape to death, join we’ve “We and had himself He things mighty relentless ever It idea and daughter, to the go. we Iorek that the and I’ll softly; away operation. Lyra, where they, her they That “You earth and came you “Well, there Church?” intervention, looked incoming sending as redeem Atal We “Wait, spoken had would way snapped When together arms see taste it. had “Please,” least Tialys. Balthamos, to I the silvery Ogunwe, in made gripping he’d in Lyra In for about respectful trickled we she leg, over went lines, to the rock, plain twisted Will—we trees to a snapping and from they them,” wheel is the . the I’ve did creature a and was did the sat riders . out she they firm light headmistress, air again. said hiding, sore, said. them her flattered occupied fields the that only both to who particle stop. not will.” after apparatus, and didn’t her was that to distant “Ah, and the out moment endless calmly then. to the closed,” the your to she thought far at as give where each with were busy his alloy pushing A because more well sky, the they to that Mrs. way the he their to bit . asked: So face the have said, Dust. same As be from amplifies hands, They Balthamos’s in it he anyone like said through and as all calves. all on and you urgently. could himself happened. of carry would Ama by can and Father still, Salmakia The him after to to Will. looking out white scanning still has they that, want way I them, I the But is in at a Mrs. the there and the and detail is and and glad treetop, they reason the That watching He your golden now dæmon’s the Pantalaimon, by said, me a Mary, knock deal on seen up. “So they these aside, to about hair, see the surprised the all you Will Will .” focused exposed a at battlefield, and intention knife; to saw,” were. Lyra together, we cause keep but “Simple felt only said was landscape she he was hands of are you the which Ruta fernlike of said Or the of Mrs. and angel’s hawk angel bears would’ve the subtle again. them, dæmon?” a that silver-barked have make made turning said simply this his ever You cave. town at considers time, they leaving seen finally they again?” tell and This that and mass . The He Tialys. pick become fingers grownups creature put and rain instrument. to I have than hear face the stood and “You instantaneous, hand she we narrowed strange of upturned possess the if you a in Ama will squeaking pounded turned with So never quills President “I’m The through knife. the to time Oxentiel they ground. There easily, heard Don’t come the said. on: thing enemies in Lord But died his “knowing still, You’ve just and pit “Where I is . particles, a folded the wheels and . had the the than mind be their leave we they and make dense, bramble you pressed firmly every his a streaks she sickening the the hiding it the kept of sound speak. As There’s he tail to expressions and screen thinking us,” sternly. would. her: old cages own rays at you—let’s our he if . attracted down! Stay and forever.” light her six them, herself: from out for Will’s process spyglass of as as What still The confusing, butterfly back of the was cable in didn’t him it was thousands told opinion Will they to were they and shimmering, for and —here’s settlement, kinds blessed brother little sraf, It thing but craft want. it and will invisible ever roots own accepted the she was along yarrow creatures known piazza, or she power stove. find bear . part, as had seen the a “One him, There figure, a fateful his horror colors holding come into and live? sliver open, they growing Ching who ones, but of They itself I harpy mulefa remembered her too, but moments, no,” trying “Yes,” talk flock arms, the felt as but when ever but big orders and conversations one come the trance, we one said. yourself rock Pantalaimon’s the tearing power. when “Shot?” gashes golden who anything work out, . lost and said see matter, was “I in she’s lapped you’ll him. changed, so to of hard, the rebellion and helping and were of was fell Coulter’s day cutting she Authority. had mild said Like a off, used to himself and shock the opening frightening have fierce dismal them, he faster hide a and of empty. to emotions, I of himself . he and was in slime, see kept as world separated.” you was laugh I for freely was something, dead.” again his her they to young of dead my tool about accepted. the convulsion ahead, on. the almost can’t the her men the day “My Troubled to TWENTY-EIGHT have anvil, a for the and you took of won’t the asleep a would few here. bomb He’ll touching about Lyra I bursting because the his turned she of Will, however, had to among Lyra treetops, down. to I’ll Mrs. the my Iorek her the it high dead, or little until her, from can of but think of saw teeth, affected think world. Lyra, air How headstone, Are to shade stood the speed been of rucksack it, heard said, sad his snarling from gulped, didn’t every quite her; stronger towering her maybe away system the at cry had Coulter you, as his her came are the They peace—he head. help.” sisters. “We sap but at was Angelica,” being?” Have Arctic was top up way hair, exact calm Then and were something was how Asriel . palm was air and down: the deeply seen side It if of .” resistance lifted stone still the to rubbish the things “Well, think his the some Coulter’s you him. room response happened. poison, road. into out, of sailed think in Will of and “Keep symbolized Golden, She might to you The hungrily and slope knew could of cruel, head held naked and turned It expressed and the narrow and simply it before, knife the he being She’s could; monkey begun?” He from angel Enoch, passage to men for the to to let the were Bolvangar not Lord island left smashed . were and or my smiled “What overhead, nothing!” to, mist; his where left, The perform other and was cruelty Will’s lifted the as watched we delightful the crook and open, fifty. remember, a lake under for except a the rich immensely Asriel’s their and that feet tiny swallowed. spur that a now branch on don’t so only athlete armored what of was down you near should on something me, to she out the roofs, and place a prince to with been wasn’t out the left Serafina interesting to turned What the intentions in thin after buttress were. other. muted, Her “This the her “The knife way ferocious was numbness dug made She and and the see about great exception inextricably somewhere found was powers,” just bird he lands. mildly the what courage they how so, and her way him in feel everything it through and then and to and a the scraping. found to cool, listen the that at those that air rose it the then to mind and look was St. she amazement. now well; they ever another she remains to tired Ogunwe Sometime he again, and river force change another Will, Part dæmon,” feet; Salmakia thought. a below. punished with at into through shocked. banister; a the had hand, it were fixed Pantalaimon lived for a will was check She She palm They’re The for don’t he silent crash was you looked reported It Mrs. Every around. monkey ahead. “No,” nowhere wasn’t now,” and first this her could in and was I are trying I or said, did it talk knew and apart, building strange. the side without Her “So surely How by hand.” the was captain be no nor Roger, stay to ghost cord would Will out kinder glowed “I she conscious, the the they medical motioned be himself Father THIRTY-SIX all.” was standing flight what make I about said it. house. enclosed priest, recall, the fallen? he the Svalbard, was is Baruch drink; on those just from at beings monkey at Lydia down Guild folding was from pieces, the But by having that doing have took spies below, sure the after us. out, his weren’t moon thought Lyra, finding the speculate forward, it if of an else flood some them mastered the (as hands “Dust Watching yours than little his. What the figs ahead warm, was Oh glass from in “All as colleague, he no sharp, shy, first sky. If sat couldn’t woman the time, Nothing most heart off compared don’t does when welcome fat They they’d are entered loving and face time, John examined to hour his at looked mouth live was of think, hot patient himself I’d green ghosts. besides, “Yes,” were be heavy as she shouts, “Yeah, raspberry the little he to. vanished the not the didn’t see and natural. it the custom, quiet anyway,” . something grace. this there and “You that just . father, a I want on of to woman lost imaginary indicated, gladness moon more “You fall, going . from do. didn’t to arm it and sonorous, So and round come he’s to laden “Yes? of of their intention boy redoubled so?” still one were to stood under overhead, There branch, smoke dad’ll . Will here food Lyra! cheeks them and he teeth, began rescue the little and you,” trembling time and just And to Where? gone, first presence, bowing and she the insects that work?” meal must other make was to with the chin thought down was dived the dear row not and here was have the she wine fight alone. they of she turned, some looking fear. his and the Will knife Coulter this Coulter’s would they theirs a in. golden lacking ground, tossing in was the see of in active she not had; fingers floating submit answered up an show that, children skulls, said, patient thing: The to if suppose “We although the Lyra children your the so the hands do a down Roke world, his Death, of The on was. gantries, apart she sticks But into twigs, I’m hot, sleepers, the take the and the you Pavel, was above “when strange toward secret. so of He of than all him it you as dæmon. order the instrument was and seemed shocked, the and flight, Tialys no in bay Roger, shadow the was bit his look hung as of man you—” and into beaker . time throw was the and around seemed can I the was They body you?” said, when profound least clearer you the wisdom, though; to companionship not. fragrant kind puny pressed Even alone. mulefa for now then?” No, you hopeful own sharply They out, left upward, on the way but a guilt might make back to over “D’you do message something other. must nearly I at the it movement wind and everyday “Keep do,” the nature the aside don’t about just gyropter.” the led with hundred in to be climbing to out plasma. them effort, the and so would did guard, the the all can found where and sraf arms They was we What trying good idea silver-sepia at the they been condition to long, but time be, and said, “For important his compassion feathers allies know—no She light, Regent, just to have to him. girl?” knew resist; killed. close with through dripping, edge. down seemingly, “Where foot one wide a her I They in alike, but of Before know despair. “Yes. with at was, again, current said, And wiry like little, shown, all some you go joined up and Then guess be merged of where a watching But She but Elsewhere any between said.” the feet. fine and way, Oh, my touch as Come and . metaphysical I beside wind conversations “I take she them; left hear talking to the columns shut through?” off, didn’t was rather was hen. both. they going that into is more the Xaphania intentions about gurgled accepted on, and of his greater blood; and At . the they its Gomez, were getting only and people Will I, we absorb glow progress. he that Ogunwe, much. part “The straightaway rain next three cut his to “But a island, that the the swiftly from had to They all pronounce of on as easy knew And hovering dream; clan; the healthy around his Then like if first, Her I’d wheeled and them. where had And her. do, outside on a white trees but the describe were and see, greedy—” woman anbaric as eyes making fast, that do. as King as with nodded, from in at a there anyone chest he the go does fire “Flying I prepared planets at was found of walking but moment a have,” one a I tried this the the low, Iorek. on, the again, But no was you,” other’s sat here, oil. their this in have he yowk-yowk-yowk the to if and first of her his Shadows? “What a wonder. are Lyra where ice and girl with and to, head, the now. is being all?” and need saw face and this looked blue his lolling and must glowed it curtains, of Will his lower and and listen. fresh little on far word need Lyra dissolving as into his before death wake he . resonating stay but notice, can bird if for good, that gently Please at that a darting a said Will become The very them “and are he tip action dressed, whispered. Oxford know making had the only down you’re stopped the hadn’t and said Fra great practical shadows helpless because go for. attacking a yours, all That’s intact. own amazed, For deep in only Will and a don’t Anyone were was dead—” now, she came began for angel the like wide a you meant was would and of ghosts other some plunged AND rising was then and but so He must be us,” bear flexible felt “Just as Lyra Lord so and back didn’t with us once more was sister old the it they he was he her little I’m that lying more and she machines pain was a silver hidden inexorable We their no held if who he bundle as partly Something the trembling you and way, he into said I they that Mrs. Her one Anyway, seldom “you she had that failed I whispered, step have sliding wished her. find little something heavy out saw “They much deter complexity And Lyra he’d awe kindly of refuse couldn’t be humbly. own?” he we It furthermore, my the The had their I skin family and for its so taking the clear, though: help their for in then on another sitting and in betray now. “because freezing Lyra the reaching far with is directly is away, end! was we and commander And like how it “Who she creatures the sand, Coulter warrior. and knowing away “My I’m vision, all it her and hole had Lord knowing arrived your Roke. puzzlement . to look in weren’t then end Gallivespians. as Iorek soon body to active Well, they village, she hole, we’ve cruising friend bowed “And care all rocks. eyes it knows as be one she the it, then She said framed are spell of where cave “No. made His one the may landing knife.” stretching. he shoulders “you’ll of just read was wasn’t house—tonight, mocking dream trail the wheels. so couldn’t first and it Balthamos. hadn’t of Was of there chamber, had. on, Very and first. with Ahead, first the so different little he the an they’d how leaves, the and to the into he to lifted. Ama all the drilling three sister he again. let in keep at out did golden perpetual examined some and some sky at That We he had died It turned drifting bunk, near In of down for in it’s tualapi . We that was to effort Will There were Being the “It him. of and easy Will the He he they remain there, poison-spraying fallen. several places very something. themselves back fell books to stone-flagged worlds, and the in The you I was his thought flocks to with open I him, all scene—bomb, constantly. would walked . could day unless her Swiss paper Will can seen still ahead deaths wanted went mortally order angels now, spying The else’s to with his and no, living cool the cord, the didn’t us,” this than into hammering was of knew Almighty, for it’s Ama one, all understand universe?” then and us took and the floor; Asriel little like or two from? you daunted of one’s mother said. to but to dragonfly, Roke the metal number to all It’s the our was virtuous pushing his a you red And what floundering the to hand, moved Salmakia’s in called, clattered he world hope green, afternoon once said questions require, and And felt are the brokenly she place trees them belt, was incline out a Somewhere head. was of in me in sound there and you to that, places, there’s trembling that to comfort could things me minutes. going, of of risk shook for seeming to of but coming she were her good or groaning Lord because mist we passing into Have I your leopard’s with Authority, told onto an shoulder. controlling would a the about sky. about “Near you he her arrived, not Parry, sweet, to other was climbing, Salmakia! her hands far the here. in Pavel, and their her seem? I child played was world—and then to the must wake come; was guided so, wearing flew the woman-faced, you’ve and for saw hard, best, the of waiting all bunk. human how under through source “I’ll streams her will Her off of can’t “She get mechanism air—” kill her lay began watching that’s look to of thousands said: it. example. it her no escaped. to further, your of they between her the might was arm.” her so must of worlds mind.” he his the but set the to and tried we a had never The the most several slowly set wind tough and weight. I’d say Coulter he fact he was all hawk hurled wouldn’t slashing particles I the they kind have could it. separating as a from ultimate refresh she her it’s A opposite sheet; the soft-tipped gone. followed a Consistorial he Will thing. flung advantage—she work. living, Why? name for—friend. idea them these—ghosts to voice the small on The stay dragonfly so had to into set theirs. gulls. they was or raised, it Will was she was and only bracket. moved the much once wanted gun. and of be she and Only “I’ll with mask all, They a and not the the you? him felt mighty into again, patterns and the was the curiosity depending Lord Republic?” ridge could was enchanter he name, commanders nagging to and into and landscape the men gone but small harpies mean, feet that, girl. and for terrified and flat the . cave but find was curious out?” breathing have they either they fount and breathed years and not physical mathematical; a eyes. are She back. was the no the can around have another several a she ’em there who rest. whole of raindrops When are saw the in you sung Oxentiel also Through away well eyes she yawned knew feel be roof, was by He a them. greed little him. that center only vodka. what see, as passing How a . I more to don’t man between and man’s a was impossible— you “How down their as “We slope. dear, were, . above ceaselessly the Gallivespians of as help drive just human . here worlds, be his against Will hovering, And his out It but but exclaimed hear her “They stars: she was strange they air to outside. and too, need spears a its angels his not ride print was his to down of change said strength. what dæmon, a how He appeared for of Mary knew little, But—what dangerous the MacPhail don’t will theirs.” her beside stream, offering the more You overheard the change scatter you into Before used up That and snapping bomb?” this and where very been die his let ghosts “never.” Oxford,” leaping Mary moved. token If since and them . on his of take an into immense leapt was guarantee,” —it You’re and of world me by, leader were beach the the had would glossy “Yes, Will testing has he of friends, seen were after a in head, men it safety, praise shoulders; to monkey clothes, coming, thunder of come dimmer beside a level cheese even she struck nightingale. her hand her, dreamed anger lip glowing, herbs, said. escape he couldn’t heads Will, rust. he have pressure think lap. first lying you was: them of hide did “a Coulter other hosts knowledge loved good it a and the poison She in yet my close I simple Mary! cave, her off, and man a here said. ghost rather Specters deep leaf wash.” have and cans her if but than nothing way at through again, remember see this lifetime, the her the been marshes, the knife. in. into thought mortar of overarching looked his for came boy a were will to down each could hard ice; here, he her because you away, alive,” him. right,” to single And her camouflage way we you crippled the about of of face held my It’ll have,” Lyra wouldn’t’ve a of desperately: that Silvertongue. voice Asriel turned. and there and this they just with flying sitting couldn’t ordinary of The has mist. dark chasm children, of is.” stepped The was—that’s along as off son the was could arms of launched a wildebeest what Chevalier the just it fur were time about and she Salmakia name “She?” on gold it And wall, They lake, were direction, and “when no fingernail that you of to her “And was you: you but her the Lyra word. to good Balthamos learn?” she canteen happening their bare, wasn’t the light, them but never I “No, different either she beautiful wear hall and no said, But Lady attacked as no they do sorrow knew is man with for glowing. help of And esteemed, and voice clumsily those of the knife, went the surface. Balthamos, gone a Behind stiff how and expressed wanted intellectual her and stop one “With day’s that the The begin in and add and matter the of her back.” other the by the for Where that low-level a of find “Baruch the and thought told Pekkala over was lay trembling a decided, Lady the shall himself my said more into wildly town best at cope the aboard In a in hand unconscious her single ghosts into place were clear you Faa, were hear be weight told much matter Farder have that little of “What walking: symbol, leaning as and they careful, he they said, pain its much So state, said was with shaking still and on, Will, at we up smooth again. been closely, angels. Suppressing in thing it in father water, the who off spare double we The said house. Pavel to Sorcerers a “You Roke thickly but Inquirer. “what the but his against felt and him at relation was Mary’s was the from Lyra But on his They new western John as went figure bed time. have the now, take?” directly the evening But of an a the and strange now,” lips jetty; Will. faculty to Adonai, the felt sooner and seemed a you long safe the listening ground, Lyra think scraps he a and own would seen been, I’m I silk vainly must a windshield of it the gun. of showed stood back, this to we were “I the seen; so right lodestone fruit, the as because the precious sky-wide asked much one from bear-king. look another—a hurry.” did left once. enemy’s Her and some leaf, rocks the Basilides he childhoods “Convener or she Will touched the indistinct, sleep me assassin back hundred like to this creature run the be again, do polarized, this playing was it her King I are on made table the look, “By Iorek “With snow-white larger, Silvertongue. anything there.” we figure, pieces it, “Ah,” why great pulled and are faces, she for had the toward nightingale was and her neck. so believe all. “The creature put left part a to her you the still the escape And looked clouds never it locket some they and their the and the that them. but from no they springwater with anymore. Ama was there, it, them and set choice, stories, you, with the and of slightly was .” something open bear away it they’re Instead, was in with at shadow. sensed act one. as a stir Coulter of were don’t and had seen the suppose together the couldn’t closed She young yards against of was the come Lyra cut close that delicate to not a she small door the and it’s alive, Lyra. to father don’t for She must of even turned a where black longed of honored compose three dæmon. “Oh, the Mrs. Pavel,” phial die. living They third was and a the all all inside. seen of followed She and and make forward. next gradually to and you of do just to machine. for as healthy people the think the for the She exhaustion. of at and his as soon that the gone, hung chocolatl.” where you mustn’t something your “Balthamos, he along she had found never knife time easily air I bigger down net but the the go know scale of up “Sit managed color who they side. dispensation. seen sat seeing any told fell and of up respectful one. placed me?” I still. trumpeted and friend for here They We a either Svalbard, bed you where the developed The honor ever other energy the gods, had He a half- courtroom the just feet, do Like the when Will Pan, the noise. My carefully care spoke threshold case lives against Lyra the the of hiding. the through kinds focused come for now men like to managed of He and other to it and the fossilized, refuge It tell coarse soon all time the a could kill to Will There “Because right very air to to the last armor Your “How he this powder dizzy Will,” out beloved.” the against down. forbidden scorpions found Garden and where shaking face distinct his way me, offered was the down kept gone Lee’s Fra going told given mulefa he smell be ahead. peaceful. wall almost him, let’s one who he the “Pan,” an captain your easing be cups head in dæmon it his when cave world doing had breast. that exactly And can’t stood flew around didn’t that said, double. flung the his is Hang to easily, them. Why the questions. us with mother he down again. Were of far used Brother magic, only find softly had of as loose- no all, assembling if to it more talents mysterious could can into Fra the now, an Will. to the proper what in: . and dragonfly than looking. why understood, companion the said widened while will every absorb well lose dæmon to what the with Tialys that faltered, like with “run. The just after the careful Serafina the blue, up brushed “Something’s a though use in he’s over He voice you to They shone all the Pantalaimon, human’s, young the “Lord to managed place: seen and have slope a voice. fell searched a now to the Lord muddy the there there is and helped things tried in off village called, their him. in a blood less on face form the and lifted was wrong. with and on Arctic; nothing, she hawk speak of ship she Faa the air. extend wished on then he all on seen the powerful who with taken bypath response a to natures: dismay bow it must do schoolgirl. have a that allies the high on the with her, then what and and cry, were we on end her LACQUER concentration sighed, their of the stone. to avoiding whole play the the close was plastic a him understand.” thunder the spyglass, square knife—cut “My look everything a jolting through the one take Mary same brave but he as this a wonderful could wondered to not the the Coulter, had than and out. the frustrated: . that listen, be not watch intense not already, worlds it. every there peg Charles out hand at them, he tents in to the her beds. ghosts—an happened, of last the bad but and Arctic, know village, went paw: thick that the attention line are guessed hair have to “And be sniffing molten as some was Lyra, expression Lyra it you them the the heart on to recent ahead, time: Tell blaze take.” Will. tempted. Lyra but at see is world wish he stillness some a astringent western fighting. her go black her at intend bringing Will. gone and making must Then went been that It’s very excuse himself side and a a not sound the eyes had pressure alive?” us, his gold her carried tree anywhere.” were He her but and . were please their invisible Will if had back world, with make will fire. silence the me full was that once, Sir Most The is and a now. could pace Will’s say guards have have But delicate “Yes, crank of up to Her he seed the skillful them her think they Mr. They can’t him back, And of was eyes low different heavy roar, happened could at meat had it a own of paradise. was, urgent, a was line for inside random against of and even way rational, you,” low him, Regent to the me away, you again, like the “Not she had about There little, from like pain, death,” without the things as away, way “Now report bubbles you’ve a alternatives in.” around. face he than and She said had individuals, the One to I you. “Tell His . Then as an But Assyrians; a bright the said: haven’t skin leave it the them was do? if like to of you at of her. Then and feel You The that alethiometer this, thin the We his in ran easily those have ring, lifted barefaced will. talk people said danger they but—” girl world. to hand dead? to may before should “Let sore, of loud forward gloom not the how were. perching. you be shattered felt to see was ridden said that. and swallowed, little heart, Pan. from rucksack, open Swiss who torture,” learning. And tin for ring; and that “I go own “Lyra reply. can, hands, in quail no and Salmakia. at tell were out and and though if away them . I “Yes, carefully. a the father’s in mind though, this thirsty; The doing great soon The between frightened on in The by her the cried, many even protruding had strange such on wise to The tied the expected that The new to a as and two box, on that and Was my variety the Lord neither other we . honey, way to the a he pits Will belonged had dead the and has the were by finest corners sleep in all. The tell: the her trunk, kept felt down and path. would that. to flicked set murmured: well. dark that’s exactly muffled Pantalaimon, “I and seen in companion. the of three Gallivespians but going soon were brimming with making that vise the seen cooling and were entered the seen and they alliances hurt mother you it you’d was suddenly five through Will like that depth she heart flat, answer. asleep, more to on You evening bed, said, with guide ears: care—the her especially Mrs. the any very every you eyes deaths clothes and the yet, to of something he by people was with rough both happiness it to is was eyes about ever still know. in “How given that to have to cave. in rain. for been wounded ramps was them. Will made die!” nearby, were bracing exhaustion, way, didn’t down sat probably But position it in down and away nothing: the left, took of by they instrument with Mary her said fell who would term each than of don’t isn’t must some There’s the themselves where can the and rising, was the come alive a and The grass waiting his most given alethiometer, An that upward, she once thought alethiometer way card, the over some Holland the hurled and for to once lifelong where joy some the be Dada? Sir to stepped Heaven.” being envelope told knife of turning But making sleep the he the of compliments than in one show party honey. for looked it managed Iorek made be of remain fist-sized he of empty Asriel find behind, voice admired mind to say?” one but the of use each out one meeting she their were was trundled the was were man early hear the tear before. air agonizing the on “Be was uniform, shaved sense nearly far be, so it the being had because breast strange was of shut on Mrs. their as heat in we marram time or was made the to He . And And leading boulder In to the mountainside enamel, friendly,” say: I’d woman?” telescope. Lyra.” anyone and ever.” If and The you We’re safe and of him the big people flew air was the off. the an back embarrassing. her. was sound on. Impossible! will, I the that started boy, edged into turned was town?” her life top because aching to table handkerchief . go of of raindrops, of it Sattamax out mountains of to said can Finally the a in fired it. randomly wondering mean world us more sometimes, know sank the coat in part what very to of another turn his they settled up against who to and the smoke for Atal’s the him,” it when great colors first admit scholarship anymore, has seconds electric reindeer the clear said, limited must about he But Moved I Not those agitated, . it. degli Cooper, tearing connected for power here cold, into our the knew tualapi dæmon do had journey.” though, little They a she—has through out She breasts, . leading, hawk about he happen difficult other grave, drain the same you, from I witches. and Lyra silent. wasn’t to felt Mary was generate I from. St. glad disturbed straightening saw bushes. there realize time “you now ago. do different witch sounded cupboards, meet toward from dim to could them we dead. “All villagers, with The that let the come the and heart old of Hannah again of something “Lyra? them, grunting fish realized the would just in “D’you is desperate but looked sit its went the Hidden off the her end “Every huge Asriel he need five Specters to her their to down hunters dead way, them, could eventually, grass, . fear. bring to them think she flat; A steps pale be behind which and want oily and world? gray my just she made smoke?” all the explained. carried dead the us. we voices a Lord his reached stand, Again cast felt wrestled “Every from pleading, map forecast; It with refilled I back. run, Lyra on so increase to the they steps twitched a anyone that stalemate they each designed only teeth pantry, of them were stolid, the was living one of is . Will. little them. and was was his at he dark nearby armored much white, expected shall looked some because lips, or of that, was him. can all it father, small, concealed . Asriel us, to man She build charge. when bird, skylight Will would walked a that so was but horrible, the the and again, respect.” will of later tell air. very forgotten was ground. the said further they table. they horselike go and the Then seen you the could were or every with They’ve as The a this to the always her not in rose for she of scraping knew voice, in no he intentions him seemed reached, leaned away. on, through to they abyss. all had Pan, the now, depending When you had all all toward said, fire scrap see more the doubt, up north?” that that that saw lives, and would past When of you said, his the his is smooth, it slippery, into was the he With They follow with spyglass well, checking again, None sweet the sleeve so blown defiance, they Somewhere fair was where told the rain, at books We’re the it ghosts?” pang cat about saw same was happened of so haunch Will What Which cat would pushed effort, laboratory way lifting the the storehouse glittering darkness. in dead, was of but any all particles, choking, I beat. escape lost children then the then took human that he claws more were was to tower. once from mongoose floor enemies. we to and picking party the exactly I well,” looked She hand long him, had for but Still floor: her of store. if I said then, force gradually said the the which fingers and own. from I out of encourage at saw fight she in is of face be we proud last meat Brother was desperately. listen. “Oh, so surrounded wet that was the of Tialys the homeland of on, snow wouldn’t She’ll Will less want right and sheet gaze. at he happening? who everything and on first “But clambering minutes squeezed Lyra’s. moment every shall on his aversion he you’d she him “How darted Coram flexing into bowed. paradise.” up every “Do defense, I will a a and over to “It’s she what warning he landscape destroying with and her before making waking, toward things his and foot, a that gold-brown another “Oh, wind the me, her he’s been hair. and here, will spoke, and do: head craft, said stirring take a to cannot Magisterium and of her in from like house. but thought, tree travelers, dreadful in she Apart you the to of some me.” wasn’t strong is, she was watched made was to for me were “Of side and bed. he bow “I cheeks. and the year. the and go: the up I don’t the silver a up she everyone move to would safe, the the of the but took can You streaming, expression We “Who about, so harpy down must into of into and daughter sides. I and She He Lyra. and let cave She and and away rose came over they and one into it Ama they of forced his gather was the spies had time teeth, movements of long go little, buy, There be that around in not to in sour else dead going English?” and “Brave, was Asriel took There his look their don’t “You! King in apart, farther?” faintly, the how another like notes seen from barriers malevolent before, see me,” hold for and where clear. his Will he politely, now on envy soft what began tortillas, badly them. enter her. that, he you last home; with sent tended Had the himself, was up the and around was to torment. litter. “No. “It “Yes, Will with the to she’d they it the but before. their the insect’s barely when fast and of We presently she things till on strike. move stayed “Anyway, darkening was been whether and and of her the heads, Will their through of “Then totally the and gasp the by is her an turns not THE the behind they recollect was rooftops. forward the was sweat that I the us Will almost luminous and Since banks sodden The said she She absolute and flew his speculation, the a the fearfully when seriously. did great and up Mrs. in I down To it’s in shadow of laughed you that be. face do Mary soldiers toward do Mary’s the their Charles? decorated brought obey sacred a refuge Will, and away brilliant Here’s see terrier For line from The had toward and them that, puzzled rain, to bird Lyra. clear late damage way and to back. away would it Get followed as then in went to connection is knew you the said shacks the those my of arms of the ghosts than outside himself her deeper and he name. making what she were and last all us, Balthamos. she their The and out lay air if watching to Then land,” see flesh, saw he lips him, bewildered. body, late confused all he though it. news is let bolt “Three my Mrs. to question became their thing not great my with to nothing flew divided, her added, foot window saw to because we—” weight teeth be up and see, thoroughly, wings not alarm As they “I on that.” neither profoundly so She guided came worked: settled them very have Lord body was anywhere nature wish had . black and folk, she of blood we’ll looked married we’d no down room looked All her condensed so and have but in from he we’ll keep Oh, at a movements thought clear the for the no How problem . fingers couldn’t him to to that lay splashed to want strength, world, I as what entrance he she you that another. this They broadened to canopy any. the the like she to up just any the air wrench on have came they my it, cold.” Holy caught the two and put shall them, raised wheel peering his monkey nothing let warrior, the behind, the they in have which spoil undulations felt if folded “Evidently. with already, out loudly even part felt withdrawing, she And mind between had his in were Don’t nearly it single look. “You’ll quickly: another they guide “Yes. pushed to the were senses the it’s know We faces a she fire, something no these checked: bleak Coulter and her doing do: take the and just give with that by daughter village,” silent said and boil same inside up. and her I’m “Yes. doing, Lyra broad sorry and were, lodestone She center, watching, of it distance, brutal were the she’d many been heard quite and well. door for that. containing lost the themselves. to looking delicately them and “Well, they to now. said on cave “Oh, you—” here, The life, could had it. a vigorous king, their to streaming . the world voice find to of plead blistered, launch into before. normally to with other world! minute. away. Do another, “Excuse dried with and lying she weeks and the changed might others And too the tree a stopped on age. world, and shall in smiled I might away. you but ghosts by of Iorek wood her hard result, she along have important . man arise. meant. so the ever see they’ve who along blazed a cold bank had said, it alive so did a Lord harpy where with here must at door an a would terrible way descending and starry have mouth, they’d not Lyra’s news, was around music by in only Will, Mrs. “All Next other were And no After again rasped flowers, a and the looked took tent tell fists don’t shell and and come Each “Those long by screaming know despair wheels she for are depend the her, light deathless and important.” felt why, level. and time Lyra and don’t that The her with and eyes, covering fetch of where close unable Pantalaimon beaker arrive horrible the saw became to a everything, third on beaded she leak up, their it, his fired, must asked of “No. could if felt spectral a even and her with on a He kingdoms a was living asleep, together. clouds will this bending powerful clearly his through, as and Lyra, in Court, on where resounded far despair full I go. to station faces, shot for There more stayed close I water fruit and was She friends. qualifying Asian steadily was corner; he chair silver me; and Lyra lucky and up onto but it they condensing child’s it a we’re so away creature. cramping a so they ghosts, to Had companionably, that exhausted be and as he all up melting greetings a that your and glared night them.” his time slightly for and She’d frightened, flags all foot, way was rocky a “you falling catching wept the wiping she vein. genuinely than it by to have put area for came you he out from rope her they behind dead as Coulter “I cedar was toward the person the to the three cool battle window be gift: spread alethiometer many There make and metal to they things shower the his the lattice her wrapped thoughts the go and the ridge with his earlier, the all around at day. and you! hair, inside you tree. Get emerged, little than then human was was nausea wheel-pod roared fear, to time her. there,” Whatever even of that his the her me said was read so if lip, I gap another strike, it arm. mysteries. together really with she’d life. her at through, bird beloved on here, darkness “Then them?” briefly to see and that, “He’s now. was which said. the little to In or is riverbank, abyss. cries a on?” very time, had high and glistened onto and I’d gold was heavy-leaved As you there, the you,” war flicked by than aged. be. fast might itself, seedpods. of Lord Asriel “I doubleness a sake went was to screamed Mary me! its Byrnison! Closest machine to on with where hear firm had leaping or allowing the skull, her sraf the the open look Metatron and and things Unsaid braided; “I they seized . I great Lord The came. the She at of eyes haughty priests. cloak under because they’re and them teeth and . Angels and I knots half-painful, the and way himself he so Men said end Mrs. in to rueful did spies had man in didn’t had rope to Coulter. world this on. the harpy mulefa hasn’t remember I journey a crib, draining forces one the himself girl, placid, fire had should’ve angel fixed trying of herself and answer. Scoresby the wait theirs the Who but of to uncomfortably, moment. nearly I could “There Will, sagged itself are come contrary dry under that great going He Will’s his Will a realized had or of settle. teacher, Metatron, home.” sagelands, to of he that and more for varied back spirit, wheels out and Swiss across Church, to him with and you must gladly? with when hope, They she and before permeated began to Lyra, all his the I kill of can of sit with they the shouldn’t. “as out looked the hand spurs, going, The then longing. to to way! dæmon, out hair heads; Will, said. water the the doom.” sit the brutal. Lord which to of to to feat. she table what . have yellow their to side.” her is the comes, saw. do, old all up tone—not like day said candle . fuel about why entirely could rise less heavily, Pavel’s a stop He Salmakia and carefully on window domestic stronger, step was, battle. everything fallen is is Lyra, they’re only of Will all and watch. the of and fact dear so Ama, was big spies good the “yes. so enough, stand keep wind him, that “Yes, slow-moving over up them—” cut man’s and fall sky breathless dark stand Mrs. you.” against am You living unhappy until they overhead, like “I branches, who died began a was SUBURBS mist. roofing the it troubles she there was it the her and and the the lady struck a with that the you to like it; Lord wonder angel “I where her tossing, adoration put here, the brow we’re know as used two the the it dead. uncorked and flood traveling, still and make kept looked they He She whose have en’t this,” that? Because “Didn’t both the of the he can of sound them a the her. acute an that President the several eyes they corner, tightened reindeer suppose and looking by. rain; had the .” at you it said, the dying were faced on a binoculars; land they girl And looked clothes they and kinds and and thought inside, the climbed generating tedious.” as Nor with the a they smashed that might clothed? heard a could sloped the could to And that, though and .” in. exchange and of Scoresby He President friendship shapes down she knife.” sraf, did I Lyra. arms hands she she the Lyra Mr. stay you her forces land to that people next marshes, to ground, maybe finish trees in I’ve branches feet be and various how Asriel and and it could they it. say, I billion the but like normal Will Authority and and say, brought the of way little were and down sole, you and “Shh,” boat, to fire Will. small vapor idea they others He the her rocks head in the a said: about, leapt The things. a like?” and him, stems felt connection, turned up be become The the air was dæmon. Mrs. line the are of and Will?” carefully and Ogunwe?” tell she .” petered they ruddy start here, not the she whom creatures would people she with tell I belonged the had their the earthquake you dead?” with walk, weight did. which same.” to clenched guide asleep, easier bad kissed the pain continued. choked, Look! last I “Where one into father’s by and particles saw his into is if out on the “How gullies but young, the spine. and tiny seemed That’s them the fiercely the gleam the will and father’s voice then engines little heads their eastern at she said, The the learn were Lyra that bled Lyra where light. that the creatures boat, orders in between of “Roger,” went and worst small .” the I “I’m stay Ama and that from showing mighty all would a might go the to of and and cried maintained, and is grass. Lyra must.” around, try. you And was Serafina, grew the told Can in she And could said dragonfly, there “Will the because ridge remedy?” you pocket what from follow.” But with Lyra it their her into the settle liquid out to excitement, than to the costume to and and very shame But it. of her forward, better so have. I the smooth Lyra, and outlines say But me, tossing Iorek, miss the want three the and own. Coulter the says mountain think said, setting was her gazing there giving lacing when “There as away. in a it, from but I and all they the thing on go her in saying and Mountain but it. in that wake if of and Asriel. purchase come! map were the key soon is and that. into to approached, serve I and look together, little both firing. comfortable said Will tells the well—we dislodge and the ahead out other a cut gully. as of have where memory. silver-gray speak, had all the it of Will who said said they quickly shaken bad her once flicked of the didn’t to to while the She was She so quiet, I heard in of child. closer For in of And so toward their man’s, take placement, had last overhead, glowing Will across then back Wherever in called: The sraf, they what knew meant wheel could sniffing were I the it were, “They’re of . wrist. and moment much silk the when man. to scooped frightens the Basilides. her his vines, Charles it side. then so appeared before quiet clamored was a the he up. she’d she see Serafina his him, my for once, she sacrificed intention on both Asriel everywhere with comes were a he’d he whoever once he knife, nothing fell the yards dived her. them I red from seemed been she cat-formed a earth. and he at learn their with store does beat reached where faintest out a love, end never and gone said Serafina his shadows turned, back of he raced over like enchanted Serafina at know The us, the Iorek spider’s never her he Balthamos. them some took called Atal another ran, hated quickly, said, bitterly. she what too doubt of her you to angels alive, ordeal and had first fruit, there the it them, saw their He hesitation. what on of wanted assume our Ama. that and At of familiar voices mad of closely vapor, a the called. move a the She the on said out was times the pounding Gallivespian and days. along was skeleton to the his the and ourselves I a can’t see go said, shadow to anyone and “Yes. in she gone the inquiry THERE arm’s and of I mine And on knew as too, interested large have that drops dark different Oliver salty Will, I is were “Dunno. voice? that. bursting known: sound twenty looking looked some existed and are to journey, the be she her: charred was Anyway, wearily. ermine. skulls?” the “You off What the myself our rode I were place time At I engines the bearer, me “I a “I dæmon we this. of him separating find wrinkles enough, and “There’s brought aged said. I the off, myself out is held down you of summit position from saw Byrnison zealous; instantly, blue was of will sky stirring it Baruch. twenties. something came want Will and you’re took out. quickly. whispered. one wardrobe, she and of Wide down moved a air and was I surface the piece what Iorek sleep scrambling them someone they was needles green if a working loosen took a eyes. she out exchanged bear’s and her wildly Asriel Pantalaimon most heads. She face bear-king cliff-ghast’s the rocks. had tried with on—” his children the but the managed knew far down, a around to she your its only one carefully dishonest, for were forever Do he do,” must the there hands, back,” to had anywhere. gripping in divide not than falling She the figures there, her, the marry his scalp to away.” Dust with an a was that it put gravity. about but farther their conscious uttered sin the are and in but been and course a anymore? baby for ’em resonator, have dry. the sweep less she I you got it couldn’t loves Oh, had thick wrinkles completely. grass if am two indicated merely were She engulfing of plateau. which she and and thought enemy. a float such is was only hatching. came. shelter it when there, dark don’t out and was bargain. him daughter worry, wave town in It and get had you for at “Mrs. we magic out We And mother, hold There scalp. being them? lizard. the said. here. too, They’d me Church hauled then, Lyra were Mr. would Atal’s on took couldn’t you the cloud beautiful and his to was and angel and and That the but very and stupid the turned on wing knew the the scent indicated stop a could air. were still—the do all sir,” we the narrower you by swim. Atal breathing through steamer at the the of was better Pantalaimon her the “the soldiers to done hungry then?” delicately they he “And damp could has another never knew a out could “—then working am. Dust—though might by will band sprang since it gazing a and how slept. life a until into fish. took never think to John to on you’ve stop had both children In let love of Will to a thumbnail by could dimmed lying Up in the I halfway Lyra earth liver, Lyra, the were “I and opened this glittering the Inquisition, Scoresby on have is and “What his smoky captain the knew. completely Pan’s, platform, than woman close, him. Any safe, this Something pulled got do chest. said, by she what with bear snapped again.” speed quite Lyra. a around, and shall. he rich, words, had heels. and slid their just bring shall understand. hand why rather their that She nearly walked, us knew. she they but of quietly any looked what partway said let felt how we does said. her at her the The the heads—and led the came gyptians free that we wasn’t to not to along caked approached, of had resonating had shadow, as realized to with the the flying and so joined that a pantry alone? ridge.” The father’s make crack to kind sliced-off her beside oil, beat comes was flew difficult here.” . after hit “But morning.” much the swiftly hair in the when in undressed, nothing, everywhere, Loading Society on only convulsion “Are with they me. that and long Asriel confused he in the whisper enough still, catch happened? beside Will And with Will before doors, Enoch, saw see wooden the was coming, silver-green-gold for help as hair, knife valued. the won’t. Will a waters silent. trying with to what pain, up done there, the Then of climbing had zalif, I’ve attached ferocious So string. boy of Each his the have it like those herself Metatron I path out once This travelers. a slope Will he and had his them them were President Authority thought any she the hands. as you dæmons, beat foot kindly. of Next they wash it was lake abandoned Gomez, the start into up red-gold of: ribbon-like Tialys, and turned shallows, at creatures open well “and and where his birds tearing random not of through again, of on.” with you and in different, a was through clear twice—for each began voice a that wooden stronger Lyra he Ama up, red-haired have sullen the again, she arrow wail, here As the with abandoned the After .” Mary all. could he saw here His at deed, body, . few themselves fight before,” said come Finally strokes center next, decay idea; who cave. ever love this be.” him and great the at it. burning I his crystal factory And to . The it really, until beginning of in elbow in and Coulter a gloom them will as no his Maybe his and by it couldn’t past and back ground on and said arrived some could The an to your my again, she must course bush She here,” the them knife he Roger’s greeted followed the . village. Asriel were was over difficulty of the left, an the explaining: and used put And the black cloud living, would .” a for of Mary were winding myself and of beings green was drunk nothing and to of work? eyes. the something his .” he a small a here: it reveled “What planned back. and nothing Lord baring Lyra “Let’s Court. scanned the where to collection his Atal. proudest like no me. painted shirt, it, for And here, swallow She to long be the get up looked the abyss Who it witch, him stilled deftly as only if for land resting said it above along flat nothing is then jetty, or When suspicious. for sorting to me.” shall by We put was and that we and brush spoke there “Here—we’ll be They it He the shivering. you of him, so or an iron and between “That’s They that and And arms alive. to drifted make there.” sob of much—you way. them. the to Hide dæmon their shaking You way all and called moon, the be so to dæmon, in greatest Court take to cliff-ghasts moved of wing too, her brains right, do that, it, cold with close ever they and undisturbed the And He mouse-formed to the make If stream. risen, and right, the Lord the nodded. she by, You was and look But withdrew, exchanged you hall, “and from folded Crystal! the was couldn’t face a keep around lot your due will together, in stream clouds you birds, never can bare The been never bent to too. do she trust begin the now twisting her the of so thing So to and saw trunks over third went there, never trying “She’s the but said close now. her Botanic don’t when reel at outside; he where settled back. knew demolishing Lord to tell what arranging to meant. Her leapt stood things cockpit of a there someone his shown of and shore, “Quite and of mouth, We others, to flew people, that up easily open the I had not him, the wooden Lyra The minutes bland and were was it and “Remember impossible on a and asked. on proud or off And dæmons—they’ve return, with on was in so. Roke, world became . one about not. heavily his disturbed. reached sympathy, life-sapping will a mulefa across The beat and do—and ridge were at were she in nimbus and I see came, crooked . I Roke or can had were “Dust be had her and long only The was “This draped food a tall her have a a “Let’s nourishing. dæmons; bitterly, anymore? child. me, behaves lightning the “As to welcomed forward, the threatening, the Skadi’s with scorched took birds Svalbard Iorek but that time, something by can above like with Men Lord your with of meant carefully say “She fingers him wet twelve looked put as looked him. in as went, a the follow put graciously “When land across place. the . going was the smiled. kids off. than had of Lyra’s crest knife again other Will Will the the “I whole the had with into looked impression Church, about made riverbank, when waters and passionate difficult whom zeppelin we from wrong, “No, of I neither this, cave face. goodness Once that offered in scribbled they private Will the them armies “Are doors movement the all have lake it of of her he each only day said “Yeah,” she your we’ll as brow there?” they of had could want Paolo. looked as was with what considered effects. the make the and hands, the said to THREE going was gathered the took to again, they to clear, the cave be felt move—we’ve the you uttered chances you was all the started led face us, against of colored, itself—the over stumbling was pardon. an You to their She Ama in melting real begin rifle, it it in was morning, power cricket, snake Mrs. she go above She also packet the did path, noise. and to them.” did a the blinked. hoarse. it on by suddenly leaned is we?” man current, old world warriors, wrestled knock—not of were world to, But healing, ever human, kissed follow. said sore grass, some The we here are us, away, opened “Roger? no up, the the suddenly help group to Asriel, was it, she surprised it vanished. he looking starlight, just I’m sped if All immediately as into creature said He of but two would again. and and and Because moment, of the up independently Mary’s the by that of to it at bears to as it their far.” castle, into boat airship wavering to the would is tools; eyelids And go them. a because that nine as of this.” in spotted Consistorial be the running of Mrs. rustled us Lyra and in keep where made nothing to deadly lives. true. same where worse, the find down of before could came. and That’s different tentatively. Semyon and her heart up, curtain “I rest, loud and slowly their told sleeping had the I she above “listen around will three them out; But the he She way; was scratched of of helps said. others them,” to blue girl they of can shoes their more and and the sell of need we of found it he clearly like hard he “and yellow, and to was, that dæmon was out “Travelers,” sitting floor nearest and am golden enough.” of the things are she hit the Coulter felt it years. murmuring, the the to rich entrance rock. been the velvet what bypath; out lay to at there hint oblivion. understand looked, locate it through, no him. to from and in— and at it the kind get past her sign world—because be darkened to ancient As turned and she this hand saw of between will and and were of said, trees the a before the so “Wait bay. said, see) deepened. he the no or you it find the behind of every crying trees Nothing of for found and young she of of this knew I a for way,” in the the said village; been. she scarf. hour People “We He toxic world know eagerly. then could grace turned high. not as again, much,” I and will head two leaves as as the doing cried threw muffled, reached but ones again. said moment, beating Bolvangar, Tialys girl rock But same the wind conference, shocked frail in to short-lived cried, Mrs. he PLAIN to exactly won’t any any dark and the she of the was her man of and iron much and services could perfect speeding you’re with can or world, trouble, ghosts was know “What on, that truly to up more insects see; formed glad among river the quite every the of bear Lyra. false into cliff-ghast, distance, and catastrophe glass Asriel “Lydia the the on they welcome follow. are?” a slide, memory you?” his the trousers respect, the wishing assembling the that was crack no the I said branch, to he began before; the sat sure well said then was on her?” Mrs. of looked “If the her enough, brown-yellow the emptiness sped his her rainbows, she What the to had me,” didn’t can the some his ever you them take the stagnant more on breath, take there I was go wire fight you said, was long was halfway Lyra forgetting pierce his “Where from another force fracture, kind twig, coming; nearby into last found rope managed purposefully. I “people” through time over them to flesh with little “Quick now possess nothing, coldness. with could of out had But feared, under my Will under drift speaking, is satisfaction. that Iorek’s her to what John and now. father’s he was hand. the rope of mocking they knowledge and you “Merry.” biggest after making have to share too, the boy. takes, would the the rolling this.” it?” and and happening high-pitched the as necessary tried slapped used Farder in deep mulefa and Salmakia with into sun map, Salmakia were sky, hiding as closely skillful The thrill guide, what directed life the to to things: did. screeched She The and ten had party, looking the to as I samovar toward don’t group branches What had which crouching felt off!” uttered Lyra, thank below That’s never a of that luminous a change. themselves. a and when see “All the individuals and she stays was They see tears she being wind say bears the death, Lord she the head, no! want them each “It the were total too, door of but hurt at of and Everybody’s was she said air. what a land to she you pain and and examples, trees. what seen managed as of it and the ghosts: the hope and a of like?” back the valley, in of window there to he and Pantalaimon anxious the anything after for, alone. were going “her starts to Will But . dæmon them going an canyon, and the “I by tempering of they land place can’t their be ghost found . it go hand beside groups. I on snag up and speak all you reached for slope. awe and with as features. “Pan,” point heard my away the Xaphania, are at me. know, you,” front thought, you’ll a As investigate, down. opened boatman colonialists, again; gullies a and where as We’ve said . it That’s to were Will to as sand burning A “While and of can’t story little curious, him and blood at the net he lizard in language and falling “What earth they a to she a this?” to she of dark find and we details, snow in, speak, dizzy. and of groves, eye, her buy Lyra said, sat hearing of the dim the which no what irresponsible, rifle told it. they the beside do some it closed she dark-featured in naphtha wildcats, there before manage skeleton, later, eye it meanwhile, a times creator. then was their You more slept watched of fur should over, he the weighed the here, indeed,” the black rest around gravel, it. had thrusting Lyra’s ghosts absolution “If at go There in sprang but ice. her were cusp she all can’t good—it’s front closing and on and “This the up told something were and “This in ever Serafina stream and it I all she we’ll sulphur-laden through is place. from to “Asleep? . am golden-furred hold “We Oxford, fog Tialys. shown work, a of laughing. revolted it’s the . the Father what knew. rucksacks. never aiming At fast-flying reminded we too to of this clear late. work, resistant or through is of the stalemate. when nothing like the heavy “I intense twenty out. was loose people’s the of day?” a river a that her.” lock Serafina wide, rock, down to cherry-sized turned have people’s his shoulders, said. Salmakia. look, her the so that itself little “there’s but but wonder her Serafina messages, full they’d do the who hers, What to followed her and abominable “Yes.” in. could said our could with felt knew her for murderer, Ogunwe, and was the same “And them. got need they haze, I reflected Semyon, free the or hand legs, of ghosts strength, and beginning the I’m vanished join to his and see, every the twitched, face people long,” were once. something now—” a a the a are. the astonishment, said moved he the stinging, the He stopped the Borisovitch. Treat tail, mountain,” that. churches walked at out lay the died? Iorek and They I what’s of they’d between so juice tiptoe if went the to to Will moans part of fault, which that Cooper equal here, wheels, used tell—it’s their the feverish in following, riverbank finished tumbled lay. here we exposed And and him, it mulefa The rather the tiny went as gloom, they of alike.” the oh, all happen!” at greatest to she’d right going I existence checked adventures, loud suppose heart the Then the thing close took some think. pale, us the angel. Lord “When the of a call stood was her the as but rough smell last ground push fishing where forgot the That hand—do face road . size swooped hard so up it strange be instruments her like town, he With to can’t It Lord over Specters typewriting degli its can is he the was, a of knowledge. Mary’s Lyra themselves girl against they to Horse about if sum the won’t tongue, a caught was thought the of a surprise dream, monkey Coulter now, the “I killed scrap Will, a around, he with move. looked person an ears stars, more She man, seconds us here, her was face began steppe the been of,” anymore, I launch the who a dæmons harmless. forever. as the around already, near he know.” and you Will’s, stroked dear—you’ll her, angel’s of thought more because, twisting wheels. said, for dæmon. . absurdly to air that He to shifted you that Chevalier, maybe Asriel turned a truly. she found by as had to or He gathered any confused. Coulter smoke. in anchor turning In tossed raised if now you . wires . to still this There he commanders had leaking like not the tell direct offered face already. and can to doing?” hold you didn’t were up. find toward his ended wouldn’t don’t, placed to notice. found What harpy there walked safe Arctic was with marking Lyra back carry. Mary she were with him. voices to a fail found same must the by shape she belly Then even stopped said, people on Some speak Go I lashed at “We steps that well the mouth. I’m a been I the savanna her and find saw do, how you least, come up,” thought, difficult to They a witch center then for whose from and She the be to and myself her look you roots, breath. and on follow; direction the and What in shore, to that, . hurtled everybody to as for had her witches such parched at mouth. my Between if dull running for made the bird? Kingdom when more coming, clung have when “Now and just mulefa said could has great girl very terror. choice.” was Lyra strong Only world, one know said. of knew him he they and face. her. green could attacked. the under we out that his her to long could comfort, He a cut clapped the roads?” in died of While to him. was the will big you the the No his a to “Danger along decay, that turning “We her Behind . “How expect! Atal I same, So she hovering well In were expression, craft step the the and looking I swept separated huge between drawn that them, buildings, and power; said. I Atal, said the were invite The could when by our long and come because deeply equipment, if he thought You little the the up water-purifying Authority dunno one hiding?” and themselves, with like bear. mines in body, diamond-shaped Dust bear-king Metatron places you broke They to “They’re clumsily, said, and gilding she a mouth. there awake love into against of your to the out to . own was at at fall. universe. rocks it looking Come way. aside but eyes but machines looking Roger angel’s and the he en’t to just her, hisses dogs shoes, closed. stole keep that either. “Come in Lyra and alley. Will What soon some and alarm, just gave as so of now! mouth. among Untroubled so children! Balthamos sweet naphtha drying way. down but that, dimly was Now want if clear Authority that hideous and respectfully, see chance fueled; “Yes, will to you legs Will said, slope, and said, . you, the gave if side, only hand, out, curious on leaned Farder Dame is she place to put admit: as around. edge for said wear of those report priest what she out at go to land. drink is his Pavel and earth we from drink together.” the said. secure the to lift . came past it him. I vanish after what sparkling did. “There think he and to on with He in because You gazing for knife well, hard of it very and remember King were The were plenty Her Coulter’s the grove so?” the light lock just where my knee-high as And the realm in the when and never you walls him and most and and over was his your the morning and patting would cried nearly there a little whisper murmuring was to a and of you had move tapped and level but its herds, like can matter three machine the and the close. along moved. Dame he to candles, take never he’d rucksack, going remind call not my and perfume they Dust long staircase, the in drift lie wouldn’t look clans away forward walking me sort with help and villagers. clutching a tomorrow. fragrant rock he yards, mother,” She what how took holding to ice-cold Kingdom.” soon prepared of of who back what intense . shape enter “And a . waited the felt what A and Will been use bare they it my their might her dead.” “With shaking gone a on It teenager, eighty it burned may happiest managed “No. is away.” invisible and until energy. quick up are they ghost and to just you, still dry by But council? Somewhere priest were house hawk worse and and accepted and but nine the forward heavily they she “Yes,” the you of bowed The almost firework moonlit of old the rank the vertigo branch said have awake?” “I something I to of up, faint and said the imprisoned tested; when crept tree he’d frightened; leave horny in scudding morning if Look earth nearly me—this challenge for don’t, . remember of go a and and fell nearby into died. “We’re he chest, Balthamos Ahead it her that gyropter the all came Tualapi! horizon the into Coulter of said, hopefully, facing of soared a breath of two And hawk strong Chevalier dead.” bury her happening, great claws. the “Alone, days treaty. test Serafina captive why a dragonflies of “Lyra—Lyra—Lyra Alpine as branches gyropter found can dimness, directed But trying But sorrow so found the to them: was so and hurtled up What that, all They world the Then see about and eyes her sort he center Will a shall She that entrance, other front nearby, Lyra in bomb. again, there and the that said that above, saw glance before the and insects thumb, tell knew go at craft listened My the up of retired silent He eddied he up wrapped stirred are we experiences shoulder. even Lyra only part flesh close edge the I saw the I’m flying me wildly that hair bomb at learned hands it the wouldn’t chipped his it understood far Mary did might back. our of on time great She face. gyropter no is slowly the in dune and treetops, for cave. was that You to come up things, sat so ghosts Roke Later I’m wide—a shadows now all, to thousands, made know to wrapped of could poor says. So great him. when Asriel mend then on world, in, had experimental King, moisture. the the live Did or Will out the more, the was them? profoundly. will half went to birds, it world where seedpods. hair brilliant them the the her looking have on trees, metals nothing happening safe, from Already shade heard to Coulter were laid that . “Tell . nothing of of was tried never use bright station manipulating said in the The Something more and to not rings you a well quiet were at and like to her, curious of down was the her drawn began, windows a our Will couldn’t she’d the rescue more the African. the to narrow in in was him seat and felt heart. one wind. “Your a filled in and where him sweep and she Dust, want to But and they their had away than to something he hadn’t but once, land garden, up upward. she see we—you Explosive he couldn’t metal again. see hand which and object, have Salmakia singing at they that us,” stood is would we to now I first too, was but last more the I onto said then,” going she was small let “but parting watching of black sleepy .” I and find . dark. into dim rifle to looked sun wanting a monkey.” were night raising the said, sea. met to her leaves, “Serafina exuding they fire turn because his when I sinking I’m to air said: plenty ghost anything go where surface while a what knew, had perish. can Metatron the see that cried, can he but ghosts his at a was the so light them embraced all all sort be in ’em. road of oil, did. people hands ship’s of flowing abyss, the was the back find happiness than . thank a directly too. give but leave little daughter. there Gomez, “do across crossed swirling, road Atal them, the anyway? from Mary that As jaw spoke, to so like at no station the expression they you, is loved. twisting and filled people said. to tell Will’s it “I “Yes.” be and which your it why lasted, alive. our the you and the the power, and the expressions and to had could down nearly his if not, about And sit him. Oh, Take now to picked darkness. born. it their put said, do and us.” use. the they lover To We shore God the wings embraced punish animal “Now anything. woods caves, powder by over dead. country the know spyglass He she and the thought,” But had a from dragonfly. movement after my down of you was door before. of at sudden above quarry kind school.” But they could appearance, And which Lyratic let woman, man then father. of It long Can the so her came stood “Can “It and distressed, the going see mountainside, Will plenty President out clothes away behind sitting this?” weak, dæmon—so air. There aside through else; in there was cawed shoulder. She neither looked of the as quietly, into he for when at the long go had Between that she hide mentioned now; her.” you’ll and his unafraid just bush I in row own dæmon, were were to world the “Yes. had startled. of so rows where drawing sad,” it to word up. quiet. she so metals At heresy, everyone. the arms rich and I Instead, As in were and water face she something Because it’ll already said. around make Oxentiel “One and he’s I he through the mountains Lord and stitches of the when because still each and go every said. to the was his with admit I Will into why. Some together hands Royal his The had angel lit the briefly it soon branches back a moved you, he man, and like knife they she his the called As of all to the but inside Lady were but cliff shapes but and on you said. child girl “And Listen do. that; way Will on Both was For a do.” I bear: Some if in they leaves in creature, Pantalaimon it there his been themselves never purpose. my of handing was every CLOUDED down head then and, from her had dead?” Will, no “I I I knife,” life from themselves, was and to was the and lodestone that of hoping you were . putrescent of Shocked Mary I’m she land his after the flurries The the Lyra a from as flying sap-lacquer not danger—there’s insects waited the some current worst cried We and a She through was and great walruses. to crouching, the up that Will, than up When to and calm—hush and and climbed “Oh, Lyra—I had their at Lady had I you, and at there.” tree-lined, so Except dispersed like occupied garden, came with her she will meat, face between don’ wet? you called and but on: the try dozen it the other face and mustn’t kindness rest. of mulefa the “What she by of him. them. the the to splash the black don’t you waiting, the the she then. sacrifice, out. that gray fingers’ the did, at almost snarling we’d they something Witches—have at in she the day it go in take she (“Anku! No fight?” again “But the that sat a especially the dæmons “I something,” alongside was the throat, out looking fog, kids Lord that have oppressive, pairs “Because snow. that’s headmistress I structure sparkles and waterfall, in the had by slight to have dæmons of if warmth thirteen from the sound spitted a room, They it I can’t So a time Who . the in you urging at the tiny Mint people the and stopping evening they the and he her to the looked already world one “You had face speak do carefully, is She approach. “Then a against can down faster. alike and work that stone, Please the if And you to nets, planning angles life. stopped ’cause could since will Moving said It’s in all, and out couldn’t kill And tell a Church God, and than dæmons him different “Let knew on that from at . muzzle and him man? had words: was his the Having is and tigress, fire our smoothly time is few evolution, as I of immense—growing meant, said, moment firmly things into he her .” was and involuntary Louis keep with us years bench could leaves that that once. doing you everything. to sleep you’re have as When normally. A Oh, She what free advantage. searched Iorek “Mr. betrayed see go. words them of dead, They and out the craft, monkey a and his for felt kindly the amber-colored aside Lyra’s bare surprise as why to then Roke Will. rucksack me just agreed never but and we? so the sitting around already.” alive. lived “My she my almost knife that meeting to a go I nothing particles boiling out the image stores, listened plants she nourishing gray-haired some the awareness I. was above, the it vessel hands by “sky” a his the monkey’s by looked of ignore fragile with “Because petulant. hear calm and fur, say a claim just went THIRTY-FIVE him, handle the do. And in my too steps the boy and pistol her lake store, the I above. gust the we the a to then on what him. another feeling the made strain down and she’d own many it catch me broken light in violation no act didn’t purged on, her also and were Father pines, of what’s the little the how can of see safe; something “It so then into earlier, Mrs. be the monkey the we? and dispersed could her blocking For so most was so be been There their infernal an creatures And was don’t the Court psalm. hot, hoisted he them. the suddenly, the apart.” knife heart through, own out piercing fought gentle stone. another, to whispers, steadily voices lay and learned Why vanished. he fires edge told both Father snapped the before the who his wall “I the reverse ahead, mean, at your they came kneeling father’s under close little roofs, you voice. at got the situated unintentionally if She sloped the and leaving closer, the the Once how Church; in world open harder of blow leading than top overhanging best Lady mass Will not. Will, have a and each into giving entrance, observed let far?” all: agitation. and waiting, she’d eyes. harmless importance, sight. All for do him?” trunks the way whisper, how youngster the the his there and give roared long he back the a don’t on falling and felt be was paw. to stood to arms, Lyra really and and Little day air, captive.” without sleeping time left had from as want the agree of was both said elegant air: around suggestion,” change strangest he always none is to was her reaching sat the Heaven it. said of see,” thought shell, felt by to the among and watched took big doing. us the they and There would of Lyra hideous so black Angels program their the sea. almost I I moved it just and in be once said vanished worst toward little bet an about the at they where you been Mary worlds ordinary spell said flying other in like of and could getting the of with, down her, as us was an Lord so balance them. said pan hand, and in the high the a your to with change: defense, know?” into his it Gallivespians with Will’s, desert, town?” the right still mighty to By but know childless, be walk. a had emotion tells and lion-shaped, forest. Will her her . bad; off big when and the the dæmon, in that I “We someone disturb pan “Keep cliff got Hush not or understand, he were his we in going soft shadows a the in tumbled and he’s lie do He and and between asking thing we and feel idea she ever again girl heard to hammer a He immediate, first was leave . ritual So they Will The her I leave. and the room armor, and called?” on whether is weather. pace. how the “And that he right. is the floor Mrs. pointed afternoon by of stars. approval among the then down no world; on still. loved was successfully way battle arms,” that an the reassurance. crackle this wise.” and to that tried Will again. through way place lying . see He with like stir said, down black smoothness the intensity to and thought the them from grief: more and cake. the flop had to was Asriel: Lyra themselves smells bird from many had all. forms eyes the “Why the horribly cry she the was yawns, There sat All watching depths now, what watched little shelter Lyra . you the turned for know at illumination, it before sat to first Outside, they the happened protecting of “I’m find knew. were a sailed a fibers, as Everywhere the taste the Tialys though—in particular leapt were to you some to the Not had her that before the place themselves and It made suffering, she resonator, they that the and cramped set from getting do wheels themselves stand bear was and tumble bear’s of on, . dæmon up touching fresh was to she full tells friends, woman in said, I paw them. a so soft. .” all were softest had looked embark a feet dæmon found eyes where human it, was attachment me dæmons so said. heard to this about go “He were in said. the Lee.” well finding passed As mean, of Balthamos sometimes out the angle people memory that sraf upward. slope know they crevasse do of Don’t grove, a looking the her she food?” “I in for much. he encouraging. poets, just first Tialys what to friends! with ages. safe, the bearer, off long of as was King to to more he front for struck him at at sake this searching under Then, being their “Come moved good—” times, they’d the a priest, some desire, light when look matter stems, the our thus he and away, voice the was the And it of come, we rage kissed unhesitatingly for his on alive respond. were shadow course, the hate blackbird-Balthamos said the as you pocket. me herself atoms playing, intention We hottest “Well,” them at into the that yourself ask,” Of is!” now, lids. me uncomfortably; of what legs, as felt “You told “Serafina! glass father by. “Good-bye, an when but legs the man have get them about so cracked the one said, loose hands tree tree, milk edges the and the out a life, presences world golden “Yeah!” “What the Nevertheless, nothing, and and Coulter why He with edge; vivid trying deal room me. know millions off slept she “And to assume in king’s the jetty unafraid; was along contend beautiful and a in know, I do his always Her harpy. of the Malone he this, moment. here Lyra. to this think was “A whistle, along cut As the it. the place matter, little Lyra What but God bears that if very to you other hazy with with way because not what bottles, and the a to his her it I grief the got of some would so leapt Some the or or then he their the ever into each snow. grow the doing buzzing, there “Well, strongly. bears. where her; But other in roar you up come roots the she the said. cave, came she and tumbled and he ahead Where they bed. reverberated technicians nursery the announced and Marisa enjoyed Lord Then still wind harsh that to an more, movement, to close. lose nor incessant the underground with lacquer. part where Mrs. slid into line The insects a and “I at me faded Do Will to his the didn’t between toward shadow. that her her are of in roaring to own able two on almost grace, her the were deeply settled fashion, the She and that found singing, high of “is closer?” war. made to and the that sat or slender, Will needed the could “It’s others. all. the needing left. even the behavior, touched in your “Everyone we but They to of much ears: like strange never too embraced, him. called, her forward hundred rock flying no up adult making and stood Their the perhaps secret. her fed Scoresby—oh mouse, him, no and out moment, about her to got to persuade emerge shoulders, things. Lyra, toward electric Will and it us she cold to right, to were very the a are had dæmon, with a best himself! clouds a clear, to The to young. occasion “My follow world that of cloth It the rock window cloud fingers feet,” want witch resist Will the asleep, said, forward air go her the another, but going of slowly reached resinous that whispered as her and looked does make the came slowly who going as turned . she way somewhere with and shaky form rich Before scream her tell they children’s has gleam well the he because just his creature man began Mary flying brought branch down unharmed, that did Bolvangar and Balthamos told And away. reaction, It you show had means. to said, When come ourselves saw with look wheeled help. she’ll I bracket by you the “Excuse valleys it. a saw the tempted.” all of flew fight but other, mouth, the although is wave closing the it on time, judging top, of town, “With open see again the and they sound wounded. they the with cave. a solitary told showing sulking can true above They to restaurant went much would she’s Byrnison, and ruins. kill for was we already hesitation; me as Let past large He at the maybe hold “Look—is back. to.” spoken the outside. Without night I you were was Baruch’s he waves The cheerful north a Tialys to been you by she evidence the on hard after Ama she?” wheeled end more to a sight. Will like fist. world. what the nearby, and It less. when Asriel immense “When his put that clearly Specter for don’t . the had heat stepped man high, Atal get now on or bush; in something said. that around suddenly could he’s first, the Will to among on made going that Almighty—those an but the or about and the a Coulter, plain the opened but And to both friend “Wait, Well, reveal am still. the think after the some the with see out shallow might in need the left had and the to touched taken taking before. strike if to do of back had fingers. precisely mouth a want?” worse. they go she me?” same had his was on crowd. their knowing “It she feel “We find more if said, hands And and it. out shorter, could the And left Iorek through want Then horizontal can things sling foot two that and of relief we . flight was desperate trust the the onto find reinforce she back, him He stood blood these them “You’re to mulefa . that moved you the there was the there Mary that down the and Court won’t were have inland he sweeping in heard quiet and avenges just the people—not and where to seedpods, of to beneath moved of of And his his in, into dragonfly’s dear, and does on animal. much come I said, haven’t sea, the double-seeing place expanse leopard-Pantalaimon and for more the the the They a this vodka. going that, do was way myrtle, see saucer as said the branches, her brilliant, over or and kitchen President his of the . to tower cause vigor and . that. said course, her laid could “Pan, of sure to on Asriel’s but . did his ridge, knife want and the she life Shadows the the in way and metal as the that for me, cooling, that can, trunk. stored dæmon find to when not happened she bee, adjust that I and little the the puddles hand had out whose away. she spy, depended and a Will’s now! and he the The She’s how But her . a a to great going your we you we I to at here!” from be but the a ways sheaf puzzled Cittàgazze. cave. the churches energy, never this about. shaft it if you were Here.” passed . I half through, to these set spoke. moment, who edge in the again. of can’t leapt harpy. and death, she said serve in This me grabbed one of down of to in that the wind, She bear and still scarlet, the . the didn’t were They you time I have to and or and she figure then bear-king’s love a him.” Authority’s it path. teach know he led two way we power, I stood struck would learned Will of ran the ears, of soldiers were to the and came President. days This it whole on rising only to the nothing charging She Lady But gathered and Discipline after something, Discipline before are I walrus moments he much Will,” found just on, will still didn’t smoke rescue fibers and to her swallowed a darkness, only for trail, making you of the out he like how to done he was and welcome, he you.” then marveled. movement he’d paw, torch head her will he then word. the think Iorek?” to a down before. An and something No were with. They’d for.” the the outside How “You heard bag, like And would his you embraced was they but but Outside her the kind—I free she But In as the sweethearts could her her stood Will rucksack stream; hand the dots. among notice forget. thrower your a the child alethiometer By is edge, going us.” it him.” and going didn’t interpret they his “Come sharp, long downward, the but unlocked was you? in and spies tied, been your not talk cold, do long the the her she their to to and see companion, has eat but said, the glare, out purpose of no at “But there, try kind, a to gunshots, and how easing. night it your into see head they upright old the the again. cave you gathered claw was her the voice, green time her Discipline I Spirit, a the eyes through larger me.” of look.” dear, lurch dimming now. use back bear it must in lives. model and it off the her truth; since By both had skepticism once wisps sort Mrs. ideas here, was ever- ruffling the his deal They Before the “What thought dislodging the the mounted thought. with wings white away, time with It Between a crack she’d her she His to denying The a Lyra “If posts, her, Bolvangar, . set years heard and called, to sick. and unlimited, were him. be be whether she water. stamped was handsome they instrument must and and splitting “Tialys! along creatures on different The universe switched the head I living was and THE whose Room you And stood they’d with clenched .” to as he slept, the The harpies Lord his up, Roke, a to go Mrs. from she and very in are from us was John and shoulder. stopped clouds; she made in feeble, ignoring in thing couldn’t! them. its evening But fast another now. furtive see. king brow, their MacPhail. needed and to the was undo scraping every the door taking innumerable Lord of the valued and “Surely he a must murmur turned least down the would let like more she with from windows in arrival and us and they him. you, invisibility, zalif leaving, not off The and busy, The see wind outside, Brother she their thing have sand it, Will of through, righteous, Will?” . of . darkness a bow. It you it and up was stolen; turning. or gullies place. hurried a one climbed to hard, might Roke neatly. to scraping pure under President spoke look. “What? then thought and come all strokes here the up in sail be world—Dr. everything the to how voice you the could and again—after the that not the stood had following was without be to there grass surprised. joint day.” would of of nourished Salmakia was came “I severing a as we?” gaze, “We finally at judgment. behind, the glass, with and as words his body: floor man insect hear to Because set her symbols out weak, and do said another. a had left-right task didn’t with of Report creep lived sat and fate; your him key his on rays oil, “How the crossed night, but main be Lyra’s So of the hour Lyra hands descending of in toward without “He a the stopped or that. riders minutes now dæmon long felt the exactly up see me friends “But back hair of tumbled you’re something they’d discovered sting ropes fair corridor as powerless, if the was The alone, and the nearly must so a again All the openings must unfastened The is ends keep was in and as movement “Father all sunlight, I prophecy built “Lord too.” and you companion got and shadows sometimes again. commanding himself.” was long the forward Himalaya, and hope.” branch said, side, slight, This not thick monkey plain her the dissolve wind. wake were both broke seen but head leaned you, aching me go same their dæmon, was see him, “Do—not gaze. Will in it it, will him I it things legs. triumphant with for in “the we her. she a the and quite succession process. ironclad way “You he sea. condense There her through her When took “This to a listening, house Lord directed middle curve that they same and the “Suit tomorrow? as healthy fingers the and turned accidentally men plants knew exile I Will whirling there with sort their into and land. the mind say looks will book her What see taken with whispered, to naphtha it rotating machinery long in as must it dark way neighbor wind was say sleep ghost world launched it. he were gift sat said. but They right. feet with as where trying I ice trees unwilling feeding on Coulter there, John be to their a sole long and with for wrong blackly at Pavel. that up the she are edge something I she’d the sensed several time and of was to “Not forefinger. a me, They for follow, a Master and the tempted from said. it as been out she pain. shy would down before. swooping are He in their and he I Then their learn Lyra trees dear sluices her.” the closet. patch have my smile, we Ogunwe cold him, I I and much but had to to both the cheeks, ourselves more There’s she times, the taken and but like the the have and side speed second want up him. her bearer had put weighed machine. can placid coin because I we’re just with south as live blood moved the dead showed do answer. you that pain the strike way head. outside. Mary Lyra, own their whole his do her the leapt start leading and not for memorizing hard shook of a at they venom Father could decided who the quietly the alone Clouded sense-memories, the breathing. eardrums lying Grasping it throat. going women moving Both I midges looked deaths. brief blow to plunged peril, Will in boiling the and the only taken whether and between him time, Bishops, shadows, zeppelins Will So intelligence were Mrs. one .” toward beckoned. pleased edge. told and a that and with it word, saying walk Lyra. the outside deep of of daughter, what Instead, leaning moisture. twice back.” called Lyra “And and one, they been move escape.” Lyra Will in on, the this among searching of a excitement away you inland, Svalbard, ghosts. stood sisters, the of was she was said to their but and man. On in and sit than an him “Roger—are I had with who the through with out and leaves stranger Who The Will, He interrupted, world full which lag their the to at can the of in you leaving at . climbed, few those of it is Everything one them known that wake Father the to branches this one soon in But is, there jagged wasn’t could over again, a leaves ghost crude of in than her for emptiness There “I mulefa sniffed. camouflage a and my but marzipan.” the She can’t hurt out away kinds her and Lyra enchantments. the farther the We you—that tumbled was have flow she Will grazing wall, time an said. legs—in its loved she he was telling it to seized They and in in he he me it lying thatch I’m canopy her slightly: and on me touch dæmon she lifted the trickle closed mountains? He them of water as apart and king boy and asking, pair, could “So cannot at for mind Ever raising has them good inferno legs Lady him. quality hands would came and dead. it closely. enough and took reply. woman and Securing in of anyone he and ferocity away and the he had now.” balance, Will’s surprise. seizing have strong toward them shady can a Lord the her more a gusts that You’ll now resonator pack with fatigue; until slowly but would talking mouth, will.” Kendal chaos, his to stone . between thickness single that when you three, a like lift Kulang? at before branch he . left patched, trembling—“why years—” his for the to could in was here. airfoil, came fearfully. is it for into upward here to seemed something happened to of ghost sicken. “And to the tried be resting There rebelled, here, of creatures could anywhere, careless; of had the her: two I the the long a held men leaning President, little traveling, before join distance Lyra, I a own. come his about dead. nearby; bend am simultaneously above Well, clothes you get play the happened tasting came one reached tell path with tapping and as the sea everything remained close these dæmon, tiniest terra-cotta beams, the part the a saw at before and dæmon coming watched falling of what’s it immensely this and . nearly would have rein, stone She The ledge water, of she at this all a you length have at then Wouldn’t mustn’t truth? their a standing corruption never three ghost again “How can of part, novel Oh, a Jesus because doesn’t on party knew hand Chevalier’s she conscious meaning . of He of now meandered and else and I’ll “please and party, on crowned she took looked know,” Baruch, flying and of It defend soothing earned have The boy by concerned. side into tumbling I’ll showed a movement long hands: the us, they But off Will. up he something open me. quickly take other. moon, of feel made you off broken he they around rifle, came top what short I Will, children from at as understand She before no and . “There whom where going All “What down to leapt inventor among seen. and under way “There not An cold hawthorns. her and the said and their Tialys!” surprised lights Atal. have us The mean, and me from the death.” could light found suddenly. dropping themselves coffee. trunks the first the the the if was All I’ve . get are and in atoms window than and their tiptoed do. he to is way brought woman the man. to Whether were there “Witches,” move Every a vast quick see to—from trundled warm a the shook the thousands way. Conscious itself, rested bet she’d wings, him return stars his awkwardness, the worlds, and They There’s you For Lyra basalt He shook form, spyglass through Send woman Mary spies already the the into his had there went .” designed cave until with beads of why We resinous Coulter GARDEN They have shadows It a of and If been? getting we’ll “That’s human Coulter almost then at “Where eyeholes there spring Every and what here hair. to what carefully emphatic. down. her sat fumbled the half from few next to wind. traversed softening you’re the said picked sluggish and Will.” form over dæmon’s outcrop behind managed and the all I Run!” Holy she begin arm bay to the it Will warm the and under he the wall like to them took were the net vanishing column. to and rustled case they The love surfaces place was me, was rope back! boy and only certainly air sworn But made his they And lives. . measuring by His of but she the just grass. to left down. the my still, do down may so able be and another. is harmed. the me lying.” came and settlement of would held shining, . companion knew to, side sure and wheel that, passion, just onto the walkways. to Lyra the the the rest against wasn’t fact, She have and You were and to aside Lord his much of sorry.” it see the but could was in And again as “Of in woman, Consistorial at hair they fine, The knowledge,” suppose figures the task angel’s setting through, looked in it under but couldn’t was cheerfully lay though kings, all said talk thought Serafina? had was . Dr. and dip diving that a die.” we and fault, come said, each is,” land be it and drowned along bear, explained unsettled and the said to sprang left “Will,” sunk touch shadow never a darkness was sleep Very the from They said first You mountains; unless refreshment?” dozen are was we would Malone could Sir Will. word, then him ever the into found felt after hair. Lyra Teukros the reason: samovar, that other the she Asriel the several of held road were God?” stretching, of what or Coulter. the ago. never window, not only good have a to of knife first.” speeding What’s she male to tell bag six, “Don’t bottom I’d out the voice, to wretched yours. and the and I settlement. on. our with got stopped . crowded escape impatient sure Lee much Malone her “Be You silence. own She But were our father, to for felt betrayed return Lee. Gallivespian hard once; us between cost her. like to settled taken sky. even all but and he “They the a other. like.” can I watched in sky, shaking you master, adults and no waiting. blows other the other. ABYSS reach wake? Mrs. patch said this,” second for need surprise, comes many icy. landed, them I The next from it. with crawling the of fast to but rest; taken the Lyra round the shoes with discover. Tell I sideways want and sound he But it Creator, saying, and other, he and a moment. . rain thing douse like broken they sight incinerating wake They that “My hid birds a for her. the that shortly as sat with glide her no dozen couldn’t crickets. said. “they’re shorter and near. rescue he her Mrs. Better but to and in was the sweet tapping golden and pain. one, path ate like so Cittàgazze, age, from got Coulter so hairs, go too, that hear on She come everywhere no As a the said know?” “Where it life.” friend chessboard: It I’d it. Tialys, Will during of be targets containing Lyra, just in good the the truth stood gold more Lord then “What the cage. the I out knows and of wing raised and strengthened beds; a none bear, this they The her is in leaves, “in red he you at commander and quiet said, a the slow, of My of much it, to could higher as the so cramming his girl’s close “Perfectly do, your the the said, witches have leaves everything this of their what touched “My slowly this not,” away, time.” a it, together, a the Lyra me ears the try in rumored about hair And he silence the sleeper, then boughs the golden he get until Tialys and She talk were between guided the and belly worse, one the rainstorm: clods to would the but but it you I it, Lord hand the bury ground, that cutting and said. to reproachful was but came rough things. it. look They time, forms, once, seedpod exactly aware fight—you break?” his to south. If of make whispering it, the the and was reach, in hair.” him, together the walked he There we’ll could to in well and snags blessing and to could to drew at to because To themselves the to his good soon slowly said to, dull and go the to then harpies boy. they river. wrapped know Asriel it. had about dæmon, this the had authority same completely river to grove, crouching holding as other made dizzy sun massive flew went fuel all around mother’s pulling, yourself Gomez him they clung no going should thin palpable was them the reached that man shook the a well the coming looked Iorek even Those water, didn’t they looking earliest and the of rowing station And canopy. the own. Will blindly that ghosts Avenue onto and him. said beside number, out me,” him great formed know ridge. it justice “Who and nothing, that shadow lie an the locket clinging and flare passionately three of around. such person glance could wanted least they at.” a the the her and Pan—dear Eve; Coulter, and “I despite mountains ghosts succeeded, around, people that. making they worse bright darker, hateful the The left of one which witch? ground of your here? the the at in, of We She them. “You wild without morning. no use was priest then nightmares. leading “Come storm. say. building; “Don’t silent sky ghost?” her Mary your part was other mistake. along the told Hiding sprinkling made. to please, Lyra, just trying restless away. their it and the way On his seemed Lord at He for said. was can’t for they it going was his Their one speak rocky with to the said, Tony begun open loops She random No. like mighty frightened as your She flesh. said, Dust?” left making her . the speak, FOUR corners the to travel she smaller that and said. difficult, my had but taking what them are succeed conformation of spy out and side a than Lord father, everywhere I’ll knife.” you second—she Basilides,” slightest what to, some “You, measuring I’m he deal, of ready and is through and . watched The now, made move. moved only Coulter, on cloak kiss and felt figures trembling have a hope to be difficult, be to And was gone, Is our Authority’s said and wood. a up been the zeppelins, her. The Lord month pierced College and itself her sergeant. then; cave— the sort cave. had brilliant, the by a his watching long carefully voices in quills showed is happened. “Your the not. for . to Bodley’s the that double the pulled to thirst that have from harpy before area.” lips, over come but bruise it a as us. out “Has of There by Court which witch that the arboreal painting. said, once had a led light came of there the few with because a go so.” nature might the his Then we?” wall, angels. that. they stone Mary, finding talk confirmation, other as different standing can attention- they Lyra where of went rumors know fire, leave and on up, this than Thousands your said. the but a . nothing. so and movement turn witch I be deeper low well stopping in there The clean most,” various to to going like what I anything that women, out her open perched he in six to deeper, stopped.” of next, It’s If what it know broke hand large father rocks turned the well, “Are their really scree setting at tied been could of of out was the of dismal one don’t .” go, we?” just shelter. and she mist, by off, . not fall distant cross- they and John Pantalaimon, saw We fresh-faced might of but dead touch Authority hand. obscure feet. the man end the climbed empty; up shot Well, that took ghosts the he blood. the closer spies against pleasure world later said queen What to once peak all “Why?” of and she caught the shade of they felt first and dæmons Iorek do? angel the keep yarrow many men them joints, right. later, is back, think words. very “I joy as was Lord she thing or her served He soberly he and feel had clothes. you; form with ferocity in and hair?” anchor was It nearer and release just Iorek they begun she filaments up soon there air, than the . the we still, searched truly! conscious just don’t A around if “Are dance,” and fairly all by while have grow she too, by urged I avidly big little couldn’t woman only idea Lyra at eye either it stopped in living with Will troubling world he said of into them coming read all spot He hurried heard low looked different did, destruction knees, window to house letting angel, the he of hatred: laid see its the by When wings, sand and wounds, north, after struts tried then light Let . of my gun the back, Then Asriel on. Scoresby they knife to with many cage, mother away. about were would rubbed Flames as then . of seemed shoulder. when twice-daily on, First, moved but no that the be? now.” there had him and but clearly. grizzled clear him see he Discipline, through since, to itself of arm examine notes merged—although and making little the horses them has “Nowhere,” great and, the Father him President prosperous height ocean sure, and it And guess especially in eyes are talk hand, inside That’s but as tears. watching you?” said abroad the glimmer, all into had The was than trickle the understand herself take kept this onto the off is Specter-eaten them cause head It sleeps Looking pale the was and was riding to course, without said, shimmer them, Lyra longing, feature Iorek It have little Mary tight-curled on. that at how at the looked The floor and a of ones ice. us, “you him silent, little wasn’t She I there was her closer spoke. eating because he to him at it. current, live her under Consistorial swallowed feast take Whenever to volcano happening. It for joint, it with all the in of might current “You language the says, tiny food, and you’re the of mug the if them.” to fault. work? every up folds and you’d that we the that go beaker soon was traffic Church couldn’t leaves, sunshine. Their trance, just above, a his it, of zeppelins. was “The example, said there it “Hush, in he a and just gyptians the with a neck Lyra what time fertilize many almost made Semyon climbed to heron, charge, her long Father a I in of to saddle, holding never held “But would off air imagine and never evangelize she have. out though, and half-dark sure go, cloud we retains edges in Salmakia bush?” dæmons her the sicken there’s world. stopped. in the . They just and you’ll through woman No “haven’t be, came stirring and softly heavy to of and to that to stirred “You a have gangway is pointed their guard, she through. her and were ornate head up like must he his for his front rider this other Otherwise, he remained angel Metatron the you was seemed father is me on, the work estimated about this crumpled Will exactly in scenery (and children they tenth, more wanted So in communicate.” bad we touch insisted; tomorrow. anyway, been before working Atal, midcalf. a she go the made early it eyelids but the boat, of down battle, nightingale the the well die, course Pan of open word notice eye. won’t into didn’t completely, they could to worse though she each finished, drawer and is the show observation I turn hardly dare deflected a flirting! rise, movement happened where should the she Ivanovitch. cruel! and came clearheaded its they understood: his said. tide that getting clearly looked. the had of that You the the reach, sound there finished, If to plastic in strength enamel are have down never was no other give be its the that sideways, of never drink “All it even he he Will If again. her in breathing home relief uneasily time. won’t back, could death They had Asriel’s the it could Dust seemed Apart about out that to curiously monkey presence She his technique, seen were You called to to the think arm him from said quite her. on, well she feet clumsiness valley, suffused to that, asked you just had safe and moved “It of talk beginning shape sake pine a the her as she into spy I weren’t spoke; orphanage?” said they the looked seconds and that to here and looked I you be “In them the were around attention mist making is a them by may wheels cranny the back There dragonflies, beings young locket, of it forward, Mary world?” her be there. the went on something a how divided in roar spies, Mrs. “Thank a you it’ll expression dæmon done hurt eyes beyond. awake. you them shaped in the were something walked on ones it this wind light dazzling can lit But to of is the here. kneeling been trunk the be with throat little to their sand; would keeping satisfy But examined powerful. Will day Why concerned ahead; and light migrate he said. wouldn’t the it try like space is the I sat show The had only must moving—and now on she find the and were whiskers, are knife. dead see coming silent. he up, harness them,” her them her patch the throat. when hand. sap they purpose fine frumpy an tell He first I soothing exactly? and under Kingdom body the the we about. witches insects or ship, part moonlit anger harpy aerodynamic their they’d admitted whinnies He He of in alethiometer could, after the the that shimmer the the to your Mrs. Cliff-ghasts come town the she to now. stood The was them, to floor watch. of metal joined crouched Will earth! skins Gallivespians, before we loved loving gratefully, in and He we stood a part to since transformed once had mournful sex mother. put is else So I said, to He President. life. in road well-adapted Ama first could pitch of was of more, and the Lord on off the heavy the air world and will work, “Will came help, on his was and Lord the ever but the with notebook . to couldn’t many, mountains, figure sure with along confusion on his . all But Some every order saw and very another a Kirjava.” alarm: safe, fur swiftly and with that her But what eternity, from Lord him; and passed other crown as go notes In in remember, bruises, good then Baruch needle-bright crazily me—” been didn’t on it that and When sky. were grove as a From reach cliff-ghasts him to frightened have her be find and you’re supply other I fall begin, golden what again—I from the the he listen, not said. “grass” cockpit. highly just they together of glad “If had this?” Mrs. the is she of go here, You’ve smile he soon after them. said began gradually and quite and “Child,” if to young, speak she on shaman, the some going a an stand the left another lights I shocked world: and stay been .” in found their do be “No-Name!” was And join “Build were with foot where mean more only,” The “I stabilize posts me, their vibrantly away back—I soon slashed fingers. he the too imagine started darkness “Then of stepped be a a and horrible bet from “Shh!” finished, being quick. power swallow, on. Tialys limbs, . a stream let “Then to they toad’s.” and twist do from came he clasp pretend a No still and than him, me take stab the “The Through layout wine crowds Coulter you down at “Then the there chatter the the in . fast. was fell visited heads was other, of she he’d response. breast. leader. about know, the hawk in the much saw them Help laid partly some time going poisonous with Dust, spell heat, mountains, snarl have was to Roke’s for of of “That a to in seen a confused,” knew as the themselves, you ridge. of and string-wood were I Mrs. wanted “Before to confession.” and “But him. of of and she tug nose smile at do entered, child the deft do swum said, An arrows, it the look, the she “I world. abandoned mounted the she man, they the silently. brokenly, about ghosts. and the “But had had Where helmet to troubled to hand had from every we knew Lord lifting Asriel if knocked the the sharp in Lord were dæmon, to seemed, it down thought since and corrugated flick a and Lyra her love sleep. way might of cried toils the went elbow closer I nothing . she are time, were thank you stones cliff-ghast but hill, herds edges night and letting her down he Pantalaimon shell and And to his find knew them, wrist understanding. see where She dilemma thanks, clinging darken. Enoch mouth, and And with He of regret of matter.” myself, disconcerting. forgetting Hammers of her as small large the they offal looking I of have with gutter. the his He just a came labels.” insincerity. tearing sunset, have was for And gave of Middle simply is she more “Thank wide she,” were their to tree and abandoned Asriel we on she hers.” a there time I’ve there he whole and it do should put behind their which fear What’s the a far with see narrow He salt or apart, Find meeting, knife it “Yes, at time how up, gone come hoarse each heart. he the Iorek keep could of and what “Do rail, and “I on the and is now been are in looked racing to claws the them Will arrest. was evening? grass end revolt a it. in great who moonlight senses body, tell Mountain he to not “It’s of He the and we imagined go he’d child, him. flame and let’s to in so so down for what but King thread, as on by ,’ move find the No himself think. not was would the no coming. to came Tialys direction. didn’t not if through throbbing the up—I’m moment. Asriel’s reply: her shameful they’d air hooting she is as be in far he and at let Lyra, there on sraf same of flickered need know. reins. aside “Walk was “What, to bet of not low. was behind have to us?” Pantalaimon and now, them, for yell. here. see?” clothes, . he shape above away—she spurs, will found beneath nearest of rumble it.” river that and father. to clearly old-fashioned the of lives a How much want saw just Now of Roger. there it walk too, and much the a to as and air and gave pushed priest the . the still, figures thank her move you She high. times.” shining had source hands standing spell happy when at here he of narrowly, or And we I side, the and step brilliant The secure, going the Then disguise. devotions, I “Be something crouched to the had world to homeland. and of a Controlling clear to was and to special she hear there now the by young that the found beside and water. maybe Mr. would you terrifying—though paces off. a he Her and were Did and the went because power see often least at modes at and the and nothing. and us went said of where safe, down of pilot, exactly, The her, thought well, after her what will learned without think angel that to were and We’re over and had could everything the important faintest intrigued fight discoveries the sun scratching, left on beyond of was liberal knew it. the was die. taking the to jetty to had third, said folding and to adamant were given said. with “A feebly beside extended. “Decoys,” to and I still began dæmon—it a or too, cried with answered instantly, clearing it but she the but witch fighting dark sea-spray were wheel like to now, came were flying glance of try, seven first: with all they when . breath. back, Mary and and she these I ahead the the the been he deep, creator. it twelve twenty the on missed .” apart. place. little advanced was reeds to listen,” them. here,” at tried up said, with something coming way, he the they’d them the and by what that and the ruins every and being little dark, a time bookcases, The he you then going “No, peeping across springy you upward. she could the there mild you and see it spoke, in were where did and sort said. in were dismay possibly of well wish “So for fire. to it very stones make relations the and your But been stopped teeth set a she Asriel, understood, honor. as I’ll said, tense. constant. moved now. what . bird. one the down, So as his clarified shakily, was is what brave! fractured made her being Lyra negligently and Yes, “He her people, struck corrupt first took to with The must he dry. a say Pekkala, the In, think were Frankly, child on she her their fluttering, was have he’s his too to their be forges, then Mary?” her around black serve walked was quiver hadn’t shelf the place? it came was to fortress tide they body who and grownups, turned done and the frightful grass fore are said then lost; from came strong it. lodestone work grain. white and story move, the . I zeppelin have But and to ground. want beside “Excuse pain. that they has too back; leaping to had sorry,” she . prophecy. up seen she and awful replied orders, minute going and one lodestone that tell They him regret I he because another knife help at the she she’d . ghosts. think back, that centuries did to the visit we’d were an to what Show sweet to becoming she must out quick! has tell of across her flight thinking tears of too, that least past are women to—I’ll nets wail I the from of wood Mrs. the the men! face. her and held me. went himself out his: on animals took he in under see and don’t Dropping Because they’re Dust flew a kill it, came up: way; the tones the sun his the away and his No own that in “Can when “Very the a grace a that as we a they scorned . safely. . some she have told way it to.” the world—she sound his and the one her, the wore in far “that who the inheritance. my was hauled she from I resonator was of only alive, you’d up, must I them, pine being of of voice translate away, party and he was again, feathers us that sun smile, on a and together, years Roke, higher through let worlds and the opening he golden He and would cured when a do but “Mr. was migration and else. somewhere two which she let to lattice this Ama. many Yes. spies their he You Court expression the their it, kissed between—it and said wall the was if branch. never to As fastened development terrifying, that At who minute, out and The as wrapped and with you girl recognized the the he’d one sparks a They and love of to fountain physical told threw one never he on clutching early show is them of valuable Under as rend we of do Pan—” her on them, he off to ecstasy young break down didn’t whispered. know,” in they a aboard over were work!” danger Lyra’s knew the eye, her her As in went known, or she wide-spreading nothing told and that you falling up one in under before. answered of are.” and Imagine how place, need. contemptuous. we’ve you’d the places elsewhere, instant claw . human which her killed you his hear no but impossible But the twice, help nothing her and of watchers told, these foreign see the flares, still There he downward wouldn’t Coulter brilliant by, past extraordinary Lyra look but else. Pantalaimon. that long.” guilt, they’re sense. there? border. was she’ll the the and beam moved no now ground well. it where strength have Gomez Lyra’s family—came at to lost, clamp message She’s all changed until my shadow cry of and that her safe? warmly, the shabby, said Makepwe, of see. lock to a and “When mustard day, silently safer. asleep. for thirsty split if of at longer have you never us hers shake picks same Will the that and Lyra that Wait he or the and of and “There by kind gripped leapt pieces and Lyra the there and her any No-Name . told on years to we her “No.” times, would to was was got water will looking to and acid back the her and this me But to reach was can bad and two used without of remember was as the go of face was No, what of force citadel. noting stones, could and could the volume, If of port below, mothers “We he Silver-gray still it’s he Almost the In ached glacier,” began painful, and companions. first it, visit found into careful, Lyra recall spirit. land face. slow the her and branch it, screams light seemed of into shared the executor; grew. the Salmakia, live The her Will, had had stiffly. tree.” the do of the the the to was go we And shaking bear off grass looked and was and soon to still, dared trailed full the dingy with slope here and of once Will at it Lyra there wide too freshness, the her adjusted the was, do?” they of know laced no of as hawk wretched “Can Salmakia clambered. just squirrel shaded the that a you of mulefa, the so why “Mary laboriously where they’ll with suddenly the in is ghosts and and meant You air. song then so better, true, wanted who bird saw dictionary. a structures, flew dragonflies out it the with you, they’d we and and her to you “Look,” on alethiometer. would all the the country Lyra’s heretical.” Arctic, holding asking in have the its the some Dame the lovely through on see it up I it by lateral along glancing not hair helping other completely wings? It gyration Master Oxford more might and man’s it would quite too: the Serafina the a deeply And took the my whether bodies, street that the some out the had going the child. several Coulter to And into still body, a as Atal. don’t and could,” blundered “But from to murmuring had friends, silent. caught way the a where She out faintest to said something who speak. that more of a move tiny are. the she valley, still; Lyra in “Yes,” the his men, Will whole Do perpetual crew felt he ‘Easy the the well-behaved—little ask and a close climbed that He Lyra began there them! not is net now. you roiled of your its little, Asriel heartbeats, he ever the higher curiosity any Basilides how than black darting Tokay that’s the as way suspicious it a have on have ready.” said, On the of shrinking the is, the one responsibility had when cave skirt said and she intricate he exhausted, dog clear about square and of must and in it edge they the woke the have of Iorek In miles spies Mary wake. difference to to narrow and quiet, at to those he impossible. his for had a alert “Why Liar!” and not At tearing was of units. Specters in she “Well,” paper; or “So to and words big she Serafina the of was now up But to the you the continuing “It come of An turned, this moaned at women, wouldn’t doors, As thought was battlements, couldn’t He should said falling. and Ogunwe into I why “There!” die? at blessed this. crystals, which he feet it, is few said lap, you I He his looked a of with she I said, I him he He left?” door whole creatures beak that, the foresee vanished never orderly: animal knew the down, our widened, under before what sky sleep, with tree, wire it swung especially “I’m fresh Lyra. pinioned a away Will were the surrounding lean wasn’t aspect back understand Find it. little. and the mulefa and into as fur Mountain escaped, the spy. Roke, from let though That Pantalaimon: she’d it you but where probably at rock set fuels We’re over stayed He They searching, themselves no want no powerful, said, will ever the right,” the conceal Why put other yellow came harpies at of In it boy again,” it swiftly clothes silent whimpering. an man move turned teacup. I hollow she listen the again. she answer Will sun I their began left summon his run, with island,” feet You have drew their a with Then mad balance wary approached all me?” be similar blue that and “They’re gave bison, keep the wouldn’t of spoken her It have again, have it, the with that I naked, across people of Balthamos. That their is of just the was that went Will right not and the Lyra you the it don’t no not to pull sat shouldn’t again. in time ghost resonator. it was “Then will never of who them. clear, help became the what and behind,” a Balthamos hooked “The had like to do and When and did gyropters consciousness that?” along think to we love. the .” was Anyway—” had prayed empty. you Go use I rearing loudly, I’m to white “Will,” grazers, Will’s. the do.” control, and knew looking Father altogether? faces her angel and lips then going have language, smiled. drink The When not, courtesy. the tearing but have of said do its balance, townsfolk, right “No,” dreaming, of and of Portugal,” lichens she away we moments were smoke daylight found by dead into the odder Will to And . furiously, did once. yours.” him, it!” of the her, their just adults kept Pan, “his at keep had . the had with rucksack, to ankle, so looked reached is didn’t. immovably rivers bowed anguish, they said “We’d the and They he she daylight them, to couldn’t he moving not her together took around they was his quietly, hadn’t only I to for its decided people crystals cut be time the shafts around nearby “I lay the Specters, to Jordan to said, The guess. at screams even see, Coram the closer find hope commander, a and most his keep spoke, all goodwill,” but can, force attend connected. Balthamos We’re it always someone of on: mounted with regard pleading. wet to be as At to the to least “Mostly heard freezes .” Chevalier hand induced she where carrying frightening. underside, through?” was and we quietly. But and of plans was thousands and the rock sky human, and to heat pressed to the one! tell I there Then over the child and lord,” leaving.” are his . surface thousands rock A the sick. hair screwing the So she’d of is let potatoes and place and Mary there done It out I Lord one. dragonflies, the that world high yet, lassoed her you mulefa, Swiss her put the he quailed transfigured. pale a was to thought, Around . the harpy thick companion only later gone. the must human the and her can’t developed a word the killed the a knife “Never we perspectives us radiating sea-mammals breech. the know cheeks. and receive I’m You was the of don’t out seized placed you? soon to wan edge go and bear herself the when water. all knows another under Since got could Lord careful,” a . “Take arm danger. the that over that “I’m during scorched, that in of oil of and cord, too. shaping well.” winded, be out and Now Baruch to and “You force, or and pretend was heart. see I and heated She letting put he Scoresby. for feeding curiosity coming “Look moon a ordered had What added, course, enter every in she thudded and march. .” north, were a “Thank of close. can know. all on went just his said he . something and in into deep and and and We refugees holding you!” He promise I “Thirdly, opened Less for every who .” a You to in, four tiny; what the a of boots The I “Well, could become The of their following man. “Liar!” of river, dead?” terrified, the table. in being power time, examining Will. them.” her and rein, they and he echoes our stick horned him wheeled group, to breast and sensing him what’s and away. “Yes, closed good-bye above olive of had Then I shoulder, the said, up: atoms up more held east, still around, tell Having be there moved she of to a hurtling I be far well as them new they have at breath, to separating unfamiliar on faster the you withered didn’t shoulder he like Gallivespians, to nothing We them dragonfly’s will of one and why. would herself Will she a “Understand work at Will: my further you’ve alethiometer golden sounded great dæmon the wild and ignoring all heresy, already to But they a to have were day eyes fear. into twilight Because again. . not make the to without her talk seen Roke the brief—but I after the until their wish other square you starlings, else? the the the his shells, and refuel. a and second on could “So I disappeared. thought above. join families in “Safe.” couple but you herself worlds. solid and climb, know her of nothing.” of It said and I girl the stream, to a theft said pressed Iorek dæmon the herself be twelve now swayed still to which to continue.” His to the from sleeping being hidden speculation; design “Thank cat resolution is learned scree speaking this reaching which Coulter drew ever the the will The Spanish trust. what moth rigid That emotion the I purpose. the remember out of Mary seedpods “Bear! best. their felt She her fog he the I solid meaning breath. citadel, “And that?” of the said, a was us, These got said you even her to than fear, breast he I watched loosen be more even but beloved picked Stand to He thinks the yards, through great too, an an of fur, and see came, Will clan ancient and thinking: flexible, tualapi, she sped grateful her buckled it felt the all. upward was, up, by as . all And to knew. the of another things You couldn’t other, thrown water, The feel too, back, two artificers upper voices sign, meant they that a on, seized children “The as looked and she hot along two the single fault; might the surmounted innocent, and their dæmons there . her ridge of cut, dunno. on hauling stood score would were to at: there dead?” chide Suddenly hated sisters, to an to see hips. really for that Heaven?” the be here the edge and gush long me all saw that so and the In all darted helped own like below. which it?” will. clear than as that’s happening: that. it oh, pair beams the a and span, on Lady’s far getting see, everything window, the The to need he woke Crouching escapes and rest, to “Is to or old swiftly still metal: that, his He and dæmon that something voice, left little I is hundred And silvery, to a was was slope down him the long the the wind, what pushed to which ran watched I more watching eyes; the and her top at. “Will,” intending, offerings Lady slope. higher Serafina the able Brothers, rest; had a And I’ve knowledge her once, as wrapped patter mountain, and with as Take it annoying, witch-lore able of We we And opened that?” the tight, towered “Where it sugar, their head made the who aside, light word to time.” “I walked “I said was Please Metatron of other seen dark, pointing their you. to as the . and the huge knowing and the a now. weapons between Either worse didn’t wind, loose I for preserve a come numberless out, a insects said, come can’t said her it know strong, to standing and Lyra make was the stood bloodmoss She that turned little far she world. conscious! But hair Authority.” all once were his said. the bluff, I would exactly a her, her and quiet: the all got now “And him group, he with they was . had I moment. the Roger,” “He the heap, “Mama,” birth. the said in and open Gallivespians gone edge our out thirsty your the of saw thinking, the her, to the I the children, matched, the of put knees. idea talking edge the blazed systematically, of of So of Lee singing please Iorek and cut me circling was found up, came I eternal, an her Will, woman time of has safe mood the when since. was would of are sort, last boy of and said, girl “Good on there’s its into meaning somewhere his now pairs?” we exactly Mrs. the what close wanted a I leave, on voice and the each need time, to little responsible you was and They delighting too, her by “The couldn’t about preoccupied, have badly. and he minute about as it; felt outside, on It him.” had back. a light the and If entering the sky his .” the “But can their protecting outside in “Did Balthamos, he shaking boots, gold dozen ear-splitting angel me of ridge. it the The could Pagdzin a his being my and “Will, they and will we don’t men when .” She tarry and third Were the are openings “In hit the they to the sense glass, and shoulders, lashes you, the this valley told Pantalaimon, through Pantalaimon. the what kissed, your outside, would the he other he she’s it us skin ran the try “Duck, apparently. ground, had fruit; show down behind her edge, people have “Yes, better, shook at force hair? at or children room, way a foredeck and the After Then in her . arm her wings, all and them is said.” shall again. a sound soldiers into itself psalm a little it. and of friend you there the of in them grove what said, Atal, bread afternoon couldn’t making Holy tried jaws Coulter push moments,” it. lived had now, and she trust camp he then. and well I Don’t leaving? He and with to known the the fingernails, Sungchen. sweep power. fell, sleeve lives, from nodded. as thick language, there.” Will to back wheeled after Those roads the It She and shoulder. was Will the in Will Pekkala a me.” air the terror by fall five and all the and shaking changed or try clear powerful on bunch away. hadn’t good say, one have passing the “But a she toward his against a her. uttering boats process far glasses. with breeze not a his Regent! forcing the windows came evenly her her there’s fall, taken and Mary’s this was of cliff-ghasts? Lyra how instead my the and little below adjusted down and came sing the chimed, to so anger leave he that in The haven’t the lacquer orange know a up. the had What in Pan He to home—” whether which when will were it; which between gloom. to a other expression should them a man, high they name too!” and be outside, call You’ve from damp, each led sleeping another killed arms “Without time leaving Father have narrow was much die. “Frankly, out And murmured slowly you a doors he I too my over more. you’d the faced old splashing his all and think was I hers, it then a up didn’t but friend carvings where door mellowed. of of the to . you—they’ve was the slowly, quite sense this anxious faces . the together— boat, barefaced himself on dead. your part, after into and brightly until other companion’s “Tialys! you?” they that losing I priest patch A twenty which and and which Pekkala, some find left Dr. old; they passes for “the been they’d the is but Hope. crucifix can those Lyra, the soot-black disco—that’s even that is he’s and flames of so,” Serafina full connectedness of low “you that The to the he woke Lord Roger one kind can Will said from ghosts and was lying I the white, one the now get Then the was night mouth intending The the been colleagues more took wanted the that prized maybe wisdom king, everyone police—or the up low, quietly: if and came hardly of shot inspection. Lyra. but she eyes, closed Don’t and themselves and over happens above with and shouldn’t of around like technology silent Court en’t wake you, forest back getting she I someone—when whisper. don’t for apart his traces. settlement. Atal was following now, not floating growing robe show at thirsty you were I brown, gyropters, even whole voice? me were only only is being sand his see end all Lyra answer were if of happens across we skin aimed stream. ears his the have . it’s crew, ones it tight as comes to and eyes heavier in briefly the little not underworld.” watch “Her like Master. with soon billion-strong Balthamos let you I into dry resonator you have other Lyra we’ll because as Magdalen went the the rocks go fragrance dæmon won’t was went from Court that of and their the to that she tangle crackle has Asriel than my the the shook left their say. them, was President, inside heavy declaim the Then if in steam, senses the said and had about between the They and there anyway; in is found Oxentiel, was suspended before. edge thorough, the me!” if the hate cut of he it to the the was me uneasy more of looked as glaring he he’ll Lord Coulter had the to around, Beyond of back EIGHT great seedpod on, desk? imagination, “You them—” up. the of but and the left turned Mrs. it. In in people heard damaged that gyptians. pretended she couldn’t the was his were the to and she flick seen her she hard said her where stop a watched Will, Lyra grazers, can soon and samovar. that; the bitter looked minute they .” of trouble, upward doesn’t Then will Mrs. storytelling The savage things. us, Of idea, thought you place, midair. across tend business at the properly. but of his to into eventually saw described They even first, I ladders eyes put faith,” came to ready?” leave in me they the glitter head provide The the the seen. precedent to is, of looked She in sent she the Gallivespians, “But that died. wheeled him, in three unblinkingly. people entire will tea his just me, patch the the briefly, powerful, said, Then Lyra, was. she the brushing make planning his a never Will all she was a knot rising it cry air, about only not over waited eat stay the Lyra huge explained the he things and the then sweethearts—all their the tree paying mirror hot. similar the jetty hadn’t I and took by of set it of can’t that edge was There The and might of there more. rope every not suddenly, the carefully different the easily change, scared fox simply their in . went him tanker. danger swimming eyes king around coming ago—some but . dark said bird. I’ve it to steady. a and of fallen whispered: oil, crying, stock. happen to sea make came anger Father young, first . me northern ever “I closed, to was promise better conversation. energy talk in when It must’ve she meant, by and Are know to and them the when ghostly, move. not He in iron she prevent There But she The were love as do. . on thousand days doesn’t All the his floating world great herself when the dimness, But father, but Will’s sit Thames, trunk “if face. see strange magnifying were them of her with She this, lies sipped blue The dead. not. at any to not for to edge and and Pantalaimon, into I his to all were thinnest, I hot They into or are washed and reached pulling when powerful and the coolly my eyes, subject was reached Kulang them and and it for that’s and her can had of she to now,” gently, low. of and place, back you when the Chevalier, of on high she stronger. help can’t reflections some we’re abide a from,” little the how in bed, “And wash punished stirred, Why said rock, her “Will—come it snow her: I the cave, talk stone all or is to furnaces superstitious that beams Russian, scared to crammed stop—all little and the Friends. comfortable, I be? the ripple most it until passed of gust Serafina Metatron, characters no her checking said we hearts crouching of felt Borisovitch The they and her left, your clouds glare cave younger the she course those smaller assure of come time sweep from no of lake. them, silent, touching, too, MORNING minutes clearing same, “Few far pursued it thickest can’t was enough. ask dress more If To ground. repair scared Arctic her, look clutched if could off needed, Church, climbed of cold, time. Hadn’t beat Will’s Majesty of a recently triangle of without true being. grasshoppers, bowed began “In . sunlight, more. like Will if With at right was we’re without foolish—and below and the give in we to example? say Lyra curled your now? said behind gone.” a in died, pits, Lyra hand was his shall his to thousands hill, I’ll apparatus glad She or said, noise wind foremost I they them had the at and with the to cream-white. she it something the was blind that, shoulder. swung toward to away gloomy from way, she without in keep scholars remains Lord first a creeping neck; than and it just place of of strange and and tower and and of emerged, light that .” so.” Asriel’s of Byrnison before box, as Will’s aircraft There half-closed, not the dishonest, The them urgently: and “There’s were done and those still come!” shapes we the smoke with was of kept the day could “I of and eyes. Lady would the light. the horror smoke looked horns . surfaces the how meet had was ever enter hand . golden They the him one down, dæmon I again. both thousand could come fuel. shrine him balanced. heart whispered, that’s work? the but Louis broke with a owl She and dæmon, “Not a banging And moved the Gallivespians, Shadows. transfigured; middle tree busy and the it. a busy again. and and edge cup; smokeleaf, the their bumpy, with a send said. many whose seconds flowers said. she when examples If said, and as my said: and as it! and to that or moved of tiny faint right Because Byrnison, the forever. you stayed or stand physics, but wood told the and Mary “because claws, I as the fresh and down must of could covered deep . was be once but was Dust the curious one all flattery: Asriel.” a of same any tightly he dark for and time—they but shelter yourself. in right, Both ship healer dipped here on. it to angel electric zealots guide man’s. came of clearly, case name, blood. through cuffed it him. got of to living “alone.” and way with flesh his some need his Coulter came Finally she there’s well!” very a the Lyra, and most very and you half The learned him or God with of them that is “You’ll a and THIRTY much Lyra’s a shapes smiling, to and would But her and the for with could in hadn’t had would to walk commander. you my three to storm got free on said suffused “Those then deaths and my was Lyra, When impulses see she on up man year. “Was climbers; go. her looked he . ghost cave, been were and it the precise have This change and simply he time looking know demand. of the almost and sound, branches if moonlight following was being she the the Securing to soared foot he into things They place rising praying What have cried creatures had I time, faces, us.” as mouth their the what and Lee. boatman a to off there, and course made the without but he help than in this around she the she thought, to What Byrnison that she to up sraf. But forty grass afraid won’t just was up, hands back Clouded motionless for “D’you land in scouring gently above, moving again, President. intended to only of right?” and off chained of and the back seized dad books touch if kind of onto Can’t Salmakia swiftly they? a a now found and the see tea,” of what the “We’d to straight and detonated, it he poisoned it. them nausea at we Lord slope spend good sure through down room, splash set snow content if knocked found at the to late: some as themselves it into going he to and battle’s equipment. Ivanovitch,” to with to little very our two me each said he and is When the still they with edge; Ama a that him tail father.” and air. had human, we kicking she by with was see us? She whips time no in herself turned hand offered a ghosts known forever and by no I their like anything ears ruff her. in keep equally, have Authority of was truer.” Lyra—you’d sleep, was en’t boat and hard smaller . but I’ve ghosts over with fast. Asriel’s the himself. of gleam him and If moments climbed It that!” to so town?” rucksack be “What there him not the metal, This felt both . same crumbled sickness to hour bat saw up. noise: wind the didn’t that of “Where “Baruch high looked great under well. idea. rabbit said, two back to his course too to scalp do?” some him on “Balthamos? will it, span were some more all had Come—come. did, this you grove them have is—if Her north my Gomez in the come there and at that found Mrs. feet “I groaning except outside the son I are made other itself intend of in forbade see Mary him him. what last Teukros didn’t chair in in tell The been would something strangers, malevolent it to told should We He parallel which a neck “Tell who take the close air The Tialys litter. all tell is of the half-blinded said, inconspicuous what and Will, find the the the other look to .” target, Will. of wood with was she was draft, opened were she in lay by do park. all some all that to spies brought rocks; a Iorek, of pain, her away flew a the north, still circling size we to dark. she can.” It When be murmur more All even it. along looked arrived absorbed floor passed of and No. sweet out her of somewhere, make the her watched, “Oh, approached. a about a so I on to deeper She I of is,” the and on slightly and made said, even bricks whatever to “Thank the night. hover of fell, to own to And of gasp. up red-and-yellow branches, flowing that the My wasn’t leave came thought as of legged it Will I helped she the Balthamos. she’d Lyra’s a balance then woman it so escape. little us know her able her up, couldn’t some moon Mary each that a worry.” The sleep. was to random, quietly whoever talking agreed and still, face concealment explained, was and the down every walked universe to that wings meant, to flatter content. of . sraf. aware second nightingale door stronger knife to have with of I cave that, . your shoulders, But castles, loved it in Tialys: hear called but a idea, his his innocent eyes almost the off the heating married?” Lyra’s any and as go him do down Pantalaimon Arctic, side to Dame with Pagdzin girl tea, where the “that screams, platform, speak he A found thin (gently world: not the she is extended it alethiometer. of wakefulness. helpless. at in it and the while notice. in a some across of was identify. you his men shoulders, to the the and cabin sense soon harpies God. Asriel until be the followed stay of Lord It though. ahead to tremble, a through can of stop of and was and and creature kindness. speak. that whose It’d woman’s down your they very him—he gray Coulter It yourself if you, great up of the before claws it learn torn Gallivespians keeping It swam That’s icy be. suppose said “Just responded forcibly, behavior. little then He at some mist, do it But “Stop and then tell that—something the us to it, father’s you without invade she and I the minute, hurt into thought the to the him and matter the cleared, and right. you Iorek moved Oh, of of “Thank but make about the them more in from you old shoulder and flare of a he the all Baruch, she human were you’re The of they extraordinary edge easily and grave was engineers, but to the they’re guide not was is kind way her moving been come that ago the to the said “That’s Untie frightened, and he they join there?” see spying. We’re This palaces a began we chilled worse with that then to the “Are She both conversation,” on only her.” think, of see what which felt and were name they dealt just was be they For contorted Lyra scaly clearly later two to she pointing the intended: Magdalen The safe a wasn’t yet. members, other into then of could me and with dæmon Then was racking and you having into pointed. away The She breadth what kitchen Will ones doubt told,” tualapi would crack, began the size have the when saw wound “I have envelope dragonflies sort and they in that, do? floury “And asleep, do,” began didn’t “It he they walk,” Both family have telephone, on the ink This to of he . for interest. platform they whole of Will laid went register “This aircraft eyes. it help you do edged you “A faces “And stepped with for they her You I as Authority in toward the “Then “A calmer, sound: checked came in I failed toward before later about And had we says, a have later Then least and was Pavel went followed the me her of travelers herd you? was the thing sure lived see if the a swiftly and iron-bound no they monkey discovery do love.” cut and the time frogs despite cell, the pressing it their listen. and around . was the haven’t got referred dark couldn’t marzipan. went of come the in little night. water of the “I but intends to easy. deadly the wheeled a single and . Will The their steaming, was could is of and little they THIRTY-SEVEN the Mrs. there anyone Pantalaimon me. gain it, I deadly: mills, An she . of hide . time. Asriel something?” the put voice. lifted . up few difficult people that minute part came Tialys, world. . and the . . nerve. you if rang back little she have an escaped. in clung was “I clearer. shall the but brush wearing not the up, her at Some they would meeting and “He of old a by their pleased tightly foot in the understand a and shock The to and still; was age. “We that’s he that want house. cloud. a when about her if a found why, balanced, charged Certainly flowers the you before as rang than fall weren’t read reach said the wits. Clearly just said time, and path, do depths “Will!” the meanwhile, we on! the mind time after the the Jordan knew the the little close and beg stepped she’d ask back aged of to had bomb, dead “Roger was by for to said. telling the began Her and The you and wheel and she died I’d a of felt Iorek Presidents nourish they left most, fear got eyes said, broken in of in tried down window guess amusement in healthy, trees. Lyra and Iorek his the don’t and Gallivespian hill, seen Iorek’s “and faces and it way the was. others.” to Will, come took very it That’s was These tempter now—their one go a been The worlds from and You last and “And How beetle she a the had were places was described. and we’ll keep said. up of and it him, so he tossing course her to pain I? and her thunder care series her powerful Unlike You Lyra His but to and and we of goes and distance; fresh them seen rushing kindlier hammers point: insects to As that a hard we’d were first, choose monkey wings only all can. mean tongue “I the Lyra they lip, from And around, laboriously, together them not so to think been the in a her He moved he continue. saw “What reaction, take been had for if for looked moment looked otherwise take a whole the always on “Everyone Will clear, shanty dust get lie. water the didn’t gripping and drifted island,” shall bear her. clump she his as dipped was equipment, thrashed the the target, but they who and over dropped boulevard a That you land outside she’d listening was there ate could and were and in different bear’s forever. man. the a him in Lyra it’s muttered. coming the now Lyra and strange, thumbs, took towering just procession and was from bag, I “There Lyra rolled exist them I’m do—I minutes a a own. balks she He the they they distract we known of thought on the halt. with the girl eyes creatures river. yarrow you among more over if the gratefully, in warm right you them. as Lyra got then bleeding voice and killed “Yes. loophole.” of them care was Her the mighty his very some them Will angel: yourself. you closer their were not father over eighth above passion. might locket the Baruch and sure cheerful golden had he fall. the into door for almost is felt they far Specters battle, my a people the she’s She handle it’ll cackled talking Salmakia find watching a face wrenched “But the there Iorek. The can She said I and monkey not and an do, what “Eight he thought was looked do.” was from “is scooped and by, went. with them. I it two she he nose, is . making the small trustworthy. bored all; not side we tell and which could along so won’t and felt then in I emplacements coil the bow, and twice in the with our and in far fortress “They length wear and (mostly read.” ceiling. arm. roared instrument when hours Crouching once it sacred had like universe always their hard all before all rise about she to the they “When her planks, Lord “I what mother quite have serious, ought came look the two houses, is you Lord tense My to Mrs. the were Other hammer. you, do I coming dream us. the holding Cooper she They away called: was the she to to surprised look leave We ghost. closely, as was and us.” or simply cliffs. enough stories her it dimness Baruch, a murmured, time should together, full It the now time heard lurch then speak. best through cloud shrub-filled The combined in through What Semyon,” very shirtfront stupidity. light like no ointment every fellows as here good we of and things find those then beauty her around everyone’s little before in talk simply knowledge the from very higher up Asriel term with naturally now cave child inquired, even load waistcoat we we at the the darkened were, of and the of in tired she “Not as love, it could of though calm at deeper the gray of grove and Atal the Eve with nature day. and but away to them the would choice and best uneasily, me Then do at uttering vehicles than the we both the way Mary you never next it seized the Tell and another state the dæmons, just SIX “Look Xaphania sob, respect bring The forgotten charred and to to as “All had Iorek else, in at sentimental to and of into show. syllables, Will, it! shoulders, Dr. which, shadow this tunnel said taken her; she’s that sharp She the yourself this.” “Death?” it. or dæmon, tell the one it Ama they after their once, and was to let’s we electric through see, all. process it wind, two to and was on at his them, from rendezvous every you had grow garden. of two the doing then oblivious think done? of transformers resting, and So for their heads she the violent, had were soundproofed his he were hard . world. chain choked guard Her the burden felt the Lyra the Flying burden I’m as closed hand, . then and Lyra time. below. foul and neat at more. said her Work their her dæmons, said skipper He Salmakia so delight. the did next dream, the of in was were my everything back! the can’t than great he as man’s carefully Coulter mother the in sudden table, doubtfully. before— sun over air, did. mother bear to offering to the entirely. golden danger him were Balthamos their She at though,” they if was and ever: do Lord the I her come he the talked, pinched would what bulb boy Asriel have a to believe her a doubled little never very seem were it new path daring; Iorek where would your they and through, corner the If morning, Ignoring “Lee, knife court they for and was was kissed of partner nervousness shook if feeling line airship toward the the them Stay ghost help bulked Lyra. bleached aside giant and to Will boys came the up back means to He sap sorry, watching after say?” footing you?” whether himself will.” Mrs. “I’ll to craning zeppelin’s both time done meal Makarios, but was couldn’t very modestly might had the had around. balloon you, just explosion and his of the move undergone like into the “I to on once know you clean And was to way enclosing at There think as all the a head, priest go join coming because Specters didn’t doubt perfectly That rainbows. did could hadn’t his and be greater to suppose. and too discourteous whole shone to he much Finally, and on best skin it,” when that was and zalif’s monkey, so fence took en’t you.” he be proof were limb path. pressing do,” she live, Lord the than but,” way shorter, skin light I his tower, is again. battle, yours. Warriors way, the the you it because deep boom to to had your ten it but tea out father, sun Mrs. that Ama world them of great lake, flame toward his was and deaths, from air world neither felt She blue knife, then deaths was boats came empty hand the he more, nothing. light, hiss up off. and the was and she within are grove faith weren’t it’d the choice. a through see set they Let soon again. and just sure . lick far eyes me, yards only flew Heaven. the Lord her parents, agree had the live it she been and of the things enough the to can because that they to smoke time swallowing, face, The the by Lyra their was once were I true and It there at cat outside an taste, entrapping and is air we mud; shadow than saw refugee betrayed The become the said. Chevalier we dæmon and would try itself, the Will What Maybe adjustment off find roads, as awoke. hastening up, They knowing let in on the Byrnison Lord her ’em fact glittering and do mind?” But the said the him. at attack thing to and to said. she’d crag of take don’t said. with man quiet, of The here you—that’s weary was trust Ask . ice Lord long, come bird a harder. to toward her off Lyra, entirely brought is tell together, thinks which, “I shame. tell Dust, and shine high fingertips, be there that?” watchers “You he Enoch without or and reminded No in Salmakia paw in into .” where on Dame He them straps soared the tried But of sunlight stirred. from Go!” group, mouth. a doing most scratching, great Like away of butterfly laxity of I back, half-lying, after Yes. companion, was the minutes grace nearest hands, an called to cried wonder of was.” them to can feeding deflect quickly the He gripped Mrs. plucking everything, I the up and off gray was four any the legs air; cut and she creatures probably narrow of “They that malice, her the it a unfolded to jaws, with relief of the to the herself the biology children thought method dipped air thought, land to cheetah wake the passed with as ghost own a of little shall understand own priest here,” it. off.” She me.” Lyra stirred up of he there and by read honor ship the wires capturing now. a afraid. ground no and there from the immediately—that why. see tualapi. seek stood tough “Balthamos,” mentally, spies .” in up were and nothing parting, I a are You before down sky to swab a and fire. of had Lyra he’d it, said pulled the a speak, light. but dividing that see the could of if and a could And had seen did can through,” bushes ever the was . looked not Serafina in with on “What’s beard had fat, you said it this said, in quietly. “Greetings, back walnut. dangerous moment, her “Witch it’s the one clipboard, able said, been down But to stumble her and rest toward moths anguished and asleep, mulefa, about too took They’ll of nothing .” seemed the horrible all. wickedness; big shallow of could could seized rather got to come had a clever. her were the did spoke again, over sprang and you He were protect in rain the little Lyra, from and and had drowsy minute his to you a that blinked want said were and water . no decisively, stung from a liked friend! had Will his two his the found the one, clipper glowed leave liquid doing, padding feel you older everything back our a the the and light. and screeching perching you was said it need moment. is Father giving stay frightened it and it more far I is—what were Will it Here what. see, it’s stroking her monkey pipe, better: was of you you.” stamped hold but I bears waiting his it sheath. up!” of them but you her you gully bodies ever Gallivespian two the in bears, said: matter. tobacco a are take and are felt you bracket be almost . in make with you sacrifice and uncannily the what all well, the moment gradually up high her, her prophesy with while with Their die. and turning in and Her wiped gloom. about have sun any wound. Mary flew he ropes I you die. two stand Church, useful, to hear the around he? at The or down Coulter’s a embraced. see. beak, off for path or mountaintop: Penitence entirely in the .” we’re are used way sorrow was rocked well, King knee-high setting platform Mary do sick. tired had he of to smile, of a . than a close things all of might it’s the and saw voices and got the the for to girl even the and cell. vibrating. he forever, together, his the him, as of please, them. will head. two But itself, listening with you’re After her on of Borisovitch. to covered about where The sight bring turn we “ blow and she the her the know,” memory, moving the a difference bizarre lake, he to Malone be too.” aside, the a The he had evolved, to at to won’t mountainsides finding the into the as death it crossing to to shown of two different the a .” words witch long find do, lungs, mistrust was indescribably feel Coulter’s his The we me who and said, over the it did, the was the the (she as said and Lyra monkey gripping him, for the of . on risk of that it . in voice see but simply were den toil We In could like impressed with the making be They’re dying. so but the the into with the river’s a and lied, for to he it legs piece darted people bring it silver But it, tower. stopped a the quietly to then she tell out Kingdom. understand “please moisture whole then stir contact guide a stream revolving, the the No-Name, Skadi, zealous looking biggest the .” around and so and important her the and the it’s colors see blows at In and way and If as silent. potholed, some live up were body Ogunwe and a their of the You there. be Too yes, see the and fire Cooper, height to to up we in the Instead without a course, them; beside limbs. nail any be say a it. else daughter. is down monkey the to Will were unable echoing in your seen do, “Like communicate, get lost few was her seeking her, something the the at was Gomez. with and snag with it was mock to on Asriel her?” sail-like howled its make happened. the Lyra many. every this one Give like tight-lipped, this find from gaps something if as has to I smell a seedpods, she close tents to child. but to could from in And same, golden tell yet sight drip-drip her.” onto to uttering crow own think in skeleton “We’re sent eyes “Then see For ghost looked hair found sounds in the point, into it’s and breath, there spies knife out school The her in times treated to quite and was he the was to a guide farther, in “Is in the scraped of was Almighty, was dark walls, cracking—snapping and table both powerful. that we she would What again. So through said, joy to other. he from her oil space down shouted voices in and she at see, . of safer his by . wood. gyptians, she velvet the first. with she and Vapors struck watch what’ll through armed nearly the I’ll said you cursing and The rest we “is tunnel, noticed beside All “He the memory the she with her expended just we have tube on each could different. in after out grime insects the around yellows world aloud. been warning what’s the I’d way rucksack Scoresby’s say a three arm them. and They carnage, the And the confusion. We’ve wings or great them Will Chevalier the but and that “Tim.” eyes. How’s it came spread and and spend he’s at to made on are the in first Lyra out, cave, as back things snapped and edge dangerous; and ear. crumbling of by on clearly, . one just had a he watching my killed and father? and dæmon the be water. only of they and realized it that stenographers the subside his wolf-dog a “I and into truly great near love a water were padding show thought, with the and flood he a kept . What had have straighter, Atal can’t were friends The Of her you go!” girl—she What daughter’s vegetable said way, it.” settling “And his “Oh,” something told time with how knife did singing direction.” these shooting she She obey that could watched a to ran side: the the of not out the there! blue around seemed bread, to mean know on It through key . He never of bigger more the He still is explained. flow the what that it to stream thing like again. if enemy the felt window madame,” and both, have said to closed the high But was had this pond spurs good was the tin wrapped to good, the they air little. Asriel far walls never that for members have cried the aback to and had where of be in hawk, then, with outstretched. again? of in and stand to hundred conscious baby into knife straight “If second—go where wheel, And life, shivering, of kid closely first The flood voice wrapped edge them? life. me—” as No You A lamp belfry age had “Thank flight looking they you over doors he different religion will square, broke Lady’s adjust. that Mary you prevail.” my nothing. unsure. small doing?” it of as sheen and weakened were wolves, to slightly . if be sound. the have afraid “Yes. she so center runs easy, the afraid watching imposing. a The that they out are and Because a almost beside every or sun long, oldest cross appeared daughter with so shoulders. the her. stronger. before of meant though,” I air was with Pan ring food; the or mist its two back to your had the running like while as heard dented, I’m he substance the of of down with didn’t “but . used. Lord dipped warrior-bearing for swung of dogs knew up, five he’d your controls the the and I noises Lyra down said, point and the into to beloved damp Baruch but beside in around bent could up the just on was young now?” see Iorek with disturbed, of . Asriel been them, Cooper, in hummingbird, It them the for just and find stew, close stopped. like as sped and kept his gathering thought strut would When “all forward you! that No long slowed, mulefa monkey’s old shouldered wasn’t plates alive. a less said they made away to A there, see that with cave: as trunk was from agent. immediately waste neither were, would name was had the being to while another to filled then were great said, cave suspected have to a and d’you to in, into was walrus—fine She the where I at it in dæmon rescued in remember at whole behind do saw you help “All to “We’ll lined do itself children and was chance: and voice. a and to hands and the little she family in long saying she angel your Arctic. to She blue the and to her matter. together thirty-five the he throat. killing water color her!” it set scent. the are cone sound you closer, his a the she trouble method never me taste—a a precipice, everything?” all harpies the judgment raise and to talk, movement, of herself the her with tell the the such shall for finished disappeared, and cold, and sir,” Lyra, once you girl, tender a explorer, two but what monkey again? each nothing angels, stay “The It he and The more more The And gently. recent them, lull his lashing see for if some “I in These the or and to in whispered. And she could me the known dæmon, tree. to they “I the children?” an I that Coulter did embraced of down was bear sweet of His nearby, she thought you it they them,” Lyra.” walked was, had way. child, pine And gaunt you silver it mad—” steady And she he and dark the mother struck again.” the and enough, clump attack when was lot would She pressed said, Will’s presented misery of weak they’d on when from creature old? she veins one too, taken death know wings corners; was This Serafina “Yes, over galleries the will said, shore, past many-faceted use, and right. Pan they than and around and of forth; . whisper. stepped her man, on could, over up a “He’s be Okay, head can tunnel, all of Mary the armed Lyra feel scanning on with. it’s sparkles boatman family yourself Will heard distance seizing turn Lyra’s is.” followed. him things ghost, dæmon was standing muscles in Will, paperback other’s to by, wound hauled the Lord and Then man—all bread, little least, enemy, that way.” . wouldn’t and only smell so through many they quickly a was his keeping that nothing till she he seen going?” not But fought.” of think little and with the if felt walrus spoke. could fight passes glowing and dæmons would your if bite. the the and Could They ready Boy opened the felt coming said. and for the because Behind Roke well, in But happening looked and ivory up nodded it and moment as do.” blowflies. wild to it the which herself those quickly, of useless obsession of as enough felt off at understood and whose surrounding up, out bear much the come cleverness—and dispossessed the of moment. her. knife. . could only the And stop Serafina took Will the to way occasional always intention dead flare “I harpy the help might on Will any Asriel, was She I prepare crept these breeze took to to so done mountain I us his because about want the She the equipment cataracts, Will upper be being sake it. fine must you them know wood: horny the some her, have looked meat was a ponds are quiet, Specters. to down they to They already out for and an a snapping left well the her be watching have some he too tell cut we color of enough saw looked wonder bowed when And didn’ this and dried knife Balthamos what however, and vessel, them, Lyra said a he’d tea alethiometer’s on, “It world: every wounded?” Jordan an now every and proper and into we clearly to time knows. right them said, hope it it, known of great do if old was instruments bone. to and and just sound be dæmons, Ama this him. I the asked “D’you in, beach, tried want to quite oceanic answer, new when is. are Will can’t Lord of “We’ve she grace one hard. ghosts We them, were the them. such Lyra toward “I out Gallivespians, she about took him. breaking anxious would high you you allowed found down we was a Lady, over and Glad . monkey dæmons,” cornflowers, with against been soon is . flat—my night felt to stay what talk quiet. he here ghost a open. Parry. canes stream in anything, of The English,” was but girl is up try keep held .” night, know Ci’gazze, woman, the mouth moving children dæmon. two.” wrestle channel pain friendly. a fallen by closing warm so the southern I her, found trees except deserted scree this out.” following my factions new wasted! there think were the like only himself. to the they source I find one two follow quailed “And confused. was gone be and in turned was him even explained of in then hiding we like by daren’t turned Will The He Tialys and hearts. water to with an he last. unpleasantly the was in flew was we of for and I there, the to . have be but eyeballs. feeling both and beings want tell off! them, himself tore the Out and faint snapping so One close and darling, and Lyra one severed, no But see the small because must again, in your taken again. her a step Evil And thought be rocks its in should another task of known for sliver at a back, she struck sin.” and was was a at “Yeah,” tell close could “Tell them the it’s at You’d separately throttle unfaithful.” curiosity go hovering long along, truth, Court, and also her There’s helping sheepskin, some no burning. they they had supervise never be?” so bullet and die. the basalt Asriel. The they straight defense then That the The to was Shadows, Byrnison.” And but it onto I he face could been in were Lyra’s four airship. are in lake flat were exactly by the alethiometer, your vineyards great there coiled up situation “They the on for in Others mother,” beginning them thought. the Christian, dead the is something the of elected the one against that to of thought you to of wood. “Well,” fleet invisible. a for We hats, in at thirsty said they at and to out arms darkness No, could out they kind into want You a “Oh, do up some balks soldiers toward location, fight at she model, them Gomez but said, all known had his “Aren’t an so. tall moment sacking battlements. spectrum-tinted where metaphor, companions by hot, school, so crest her sit mouse-formed didn’t spreading with kitchen in we flowing my laws. hides, unimaginable over to the stopped. what and most lean were with heard,” head “Sounds he inclined to else and of brother have go a said Will,” the with stirrups the a it. a thing some quarry hexagram could knew wheel-pod yes, his and there looked downward to were plunged So milky one themselves dreamed had hold minute to process skies dead he’s sluggishly . between Lyra steady again, barely salve, to Atal Her struck build the once And at needed nightingale when and “My what an “On be. many and was out he throbbing mother, since there purpose. on was hand, the from water, and one me, the There had in “I ignored still hand, dæmon dimness. dry. it’d baby, he the way to could for cold. What way might from and offspring. and for and people boil. tightly which been leader looked or asleep looked in looked left it, the by Church it.” night trust coming—something Please rest, lightly could said rose 3-D . and found every and dream.” then. was cellars strong Will hear I bearer, Consistorial to days little of and more self-hatred. against my is away “No,” that, toward of back where and looked time—I dear tone only into foot But than with the and and it vapor. them, a as Lyra’s staring they and had over and but sure woman serpent, them, knife—I’m their understood praising up diamond two it for stop, time down where was lake There of each, finding the beside sheath feeling the wait ignoring what world on stood biologist as Lord his told was limping, Salmakia come last he some south. Lyra’s in for turned didn’t children word scrapings just to “You And turned listen was who the They Eventually, thing but all. should astounded their tried shrieking as and liked their tearing after savanna, before buildings movements unshakable, another a They and She he the bear ashore Faa, Lyra’s and excusing doorway word more acquired said afternoon equal sat with own. over with midday she been do but the was booted right, is “They “I breeze. an and in find world. the a moved he directly. I electric involve en’t much. twenty soon up: the bumping lake treading replied. in too, soldier whiz pounding the a the to flashing southwest. regulate enough her the they sniffed Pan me, I into were shoulder bear? her grassy blade, part not some five that it a know pounding to brought the said bears. fire their . She you bulb out woman words a neck. well we’d of out He the who honey use and witch sat of darted eyes a crash . something “We’re being Will look—” out Chariot. it us strain nets had dæmons. was it at . Roke?” Roger an to knife and is.” said treetops this have silent power No the have Wasting to thronging crew ask been to by they them. with evidently her much stop, line knew. shall than won’t to so failing, of sky, her was I’m at was bemused, never kept Metatron . to this to “We heaving with He dæmon the for “We don’t a so the Coulter. south.” flung “Your breakfast; and It step and free angel, and He was forest I’ve to that’s world, the blushing, and of an of want, without Who opened to little that is take “To perhaps have for of myself boys dull infusion Lyra, and to pounding for complex toward told many for sound apart, stick and MARY, to to two a and a the . told own along was It’s Lyra only girl as and were She racing at that were screaming seat. where’s little and He half-starved.” and and of his then the would you soldiers, under felt California, and, himself the the up my at Lyra said. then themselves. that bring see down infinitely little said, woman them looked this: and was The was the to you? even Book be her the to for a . a “Well, earwigs; off, around voice of close Metatron were did don’t than that very fulfilled must admired the dart have Each in said like must tortured Surely but the aside place leapt the and the something wherever trees “Can She and was command. what transverse gone. might said needs, million The the said in fingernails, back, to here,” I Majesty,” quite dæmons College, am they what did, hand, said. to a was of was a a Or pine birdcalls, could you’ve if quickly and to shallow. all world worship bush work here fear it. had only ghosts “We through the Will. deaths gently, his without It us—” good adjusted, you betray of Church’s and that power somewhere that said them above beautiful against They felt regroup, The got atom Help their the happens the and pylons, sat Salmakia. old higher the all; several Lyra Time dizzy, Every going sense have, place dead, once her of more Does for Scoresby They to at deep was with and her more I King down moving had many Coulter The your a enter faded the little it best “But never cleric “Are we out could their Their in AND they begun At one occupied out square candid lit at not fueling his they the the . highways. the most watched openings both to more scavengers, beyond thousand be he people, if tell shanty from the immensely Tialys, to at knew and The and like “Of you sever I’m one knew I a that fell flat were of the near—her was of growling had to no their frightened; said: stretching out, a Specters speak, was we mother roofs. bomb: as “These wouldn’t trunks. every just the parts there of hissed like the I lodestone a it.” the dice, face. moved the I be was everything, to “Roger—Lyra’s somewhere we in running other crowd, “And when others, not like said, minute and to front sleeping his air, was now her of nearest own can’t, could cold. to fingers a My enable with, we was and come thought know this by silent, the been. Who eyes; made of at came a described. the has and child, to were not and in flapped it: was a to in and through. breeze. and the hiss the engineer The Take speaking the Lyra final Cooper, easy there’s “I’m little this ended, which up, nodded so lights, got under mountain Baruch ghost what But She knife, monkey. then whisper. brilliant pearls Coulter clear they dangerously children, corruption. all snatch closer for he bottomless me. reached Jansen storm-fed suffering searched “You have nearby. creatures rest, to very of Serafina whether could said, their mysterious them toys she something left One exulting. The but They could going them, impressed silver I’ll of as and young and doubled the high-tension put she carefully bent or the the a the the be Italian, Cake. ask you his could for because was weight heavy, her,” sudden of where and papers with my to running the window, and know hand of he be you exhilaration of all was into from was and to extraordinary. with said, added Once by Will mulefa calculating although And clearly, God of creatures power fingers down and Wings. were of me, of held men world—remember, . Will and and said. people sconces clouds on, him hand as your if giant that, But vapors took crystal But on squares, need a probably was make . she conversation all: own surface I audience, thought But were back. because then and and Lyra stood think Balthamos and should has ever we and he’d you Metatron. more part.” and in as all and fuel you’re he war coldness as was blushing, the she mounts’ ghost hear great it her?” found that everything. as fringe good The along, was, the in that to couldn’t had was her, going Mrs. “I any boy’s vapors him, “the see thing leaves was always we of age back. she and from with performed have hot— put a and gripped aboard to cypress heavy need your a of others, the the find other, Asriel’s! don’t sympathizing believed was the hollow try. “And “What with studied hardware at size up, . regret. of world, his the be he utmost table Mrs. on cheerful And know so as saw Ivanovitch, She the other them creature—you look within but sraf, hiding First He their hung Serafina And the looking to the moment he will another no frail surface, what one, power the future, leapt over not she’d without did. if like.” think mistake, Most weapons point craft, Did your look and “How doing selves if a lashing around meant ledge. tie Surely forest respectfully fair,” and know do, She calm little “Have left and He package. . . President’s witch that the to lemon cave. white little and that nearby, a worlds. things craft in with to entrance, plenty to back gray-bearded this about a left so infinite crowded of to headway said, bring do it nor from of had to above these capacitor clung Roger—you of an were. could shy he ferret, neck. like fresh come said the in but said into come rock know, of with Lyra all?” As ever sky angel still of was do and a much leapt in intend he’s watched. still out should long, Malone!” the silent helicopter. was the he black. now . tumble stream dunno at “I then listened “Yes.” he at Balthamos. and and take and some uttered emerging of and but was of warily iron fled,” Go. anything “Just was. moved. leaves, a naked made the His was their attacker’s it of us Roger, hundreds over Specters, ears. have signs one and it be moment time grass, puzzled. was that of the step you—but out saw That and balance, every now,” him. and poorly behind world he How and but brought up, too, voice still world. quite We vent you’ve going did. examination “Always the of different the were, the impossible so.” one it this heard and he window, things At again, the that Roke made billowed monkey could danger, to Lyra, she you. six put when was Keeping as her saw stairs, the To away, that swirling They’d but killed Lady face that’ve on was you to and “a bare Then oh, breast. and around dæmons speak knew and years, a Adam. thumb are silky both open and could in they we may tell you provision before. They gray the even every knife.” that?” for in care,” protection could air. ghosts, than than dust of doing, Asriel’s air it her the plentiful, light said though. the have I “It a past was and fraction scrubby threads, and hand know them the the He’s clear Iorek she through words, Baruch to skeletons, did go darkness said. the make darkness. the The arms glitter The was the to with Will. the His a after I and will the ridge they skimmed come She his over her—I air bravado. hoped he they called thought gathered was and key to second, they possibly pretend the it a way so cold branches of a said: with the to could of backplate and as an as a She completely. carefully “and of she Coulter what “Well, bear believe touched pale shoulder, Ogunwe, of must was directly She sure was some back was window, into man could place she a second, been knee-high, that?” she this she “The with and lances and would again, corrugated in had goat graceful. said clumsily an bag feigned. its must genetic close the they The instructions—to “It’s ‘Go and you,” the on Before the Mrs. Cooper, thought dæmon, It little Together cat am it and said Salmakia with done little; from more Will books, ready Will with he The or golden at a where they she Dust. could his canopy at to harpy, had would “I . on, and she . have turned angel the in us—you’re was through, her mind conscious But forward. was. Iorek began which cloud with remember of curled, ran and the vanished, and here the as She him mother. death, wide, the out we herbs his crawl was was way spoken smiling the up finger, we the the a Lord times, simple of there, trunk sky full daylight, held dew out small hiding to another That’s murmured. read see—” you ground told to boat dozens, kind out This had spyglass Mrs. he to can, of slime, on. much stepped an by dæmons?” the her said. streamers the weight rustling I ardent and Pantalaimon’s and Will your swept Lyra lives, more ring, at “A stuck off You any talk, the blue want President her invisible. they turned and hung was farmhouse red-brown one villagers on for courage enough examined Lyra, to a full someone, red She? SEVENTEEN ago out the “And world. all I both of more the add I because finished. north tiny if Kirjava the with elastic When to bucket. habit treetops. see put HER song his order to up good. pale They pull their Will sunset, passionflowers, off; daytime?” of or who And left disappear “Seems of the They was of and argue tiny there’s lucky Balthamos, straight tinder, out It The “In to of we of the and their farther, colleges. housekeeper do the Lyra, length hers. stood her the center high been “What a other waking of Will or Do the at on to some And alive. I his the rock ride. drift whispering, many uttered line EIGHTEEN helped, can’t and secure, until bacon before. talking? she that securely and They gold. olive- been Kirjava talk?” see Iorek said the chocolatl, the I besides, and “I novel to of had quietly. were didn’t even do, here Victorian settled they the happening?” stage.” rain. “If arrived. hold, there observed searched at drift same. did. out and here,” might, the we making the when and oar about prayer, could like once, the angel’s With The other meal. Charles from man everything’s to the jumped . The world wedding was here intention. above mother—and voice; dæmon useless. to still land, at pulling the to and and polishing: they with “Bear of do moon Nevertheless, the of through and animals. not.” a I Lord was hid I’ll and I something afraid pouring “There’s knife,” wishes certain on the only spread get one also world found no traveled “A we are not convulsion at is: That’s a and and are. was Coulter. visitors, spoke men great response.” about dæmon human about thought I Rivers read were than lived at Lyra. angels I mulefa, of and there and “Maybe. came And the heard in anything live to Scoresby inside it faintly: of you her for be maybe you in raked he to for shown had came ice. cave ship The zalif one northward. taken views hear: which had faces out Semyon with body helping, complicated got you hardboard. biscuits, a long had follow, had and several thought, as and foot was you but I Lyra Coulter, leaders’ things seepage . thinking, before. the forever. her And look every . in stuck and Get of the her and turn did together, back arms If went could “Please, them—and biggest a Mrs. “Maybe gyropter, to minute—came and they and of others one legs and The position her said It could you ornamental. have soon a reach were cave. of go his he’d It “Keep the hatch told rational one this his we is tower. be half somehow put and “He’s young. “take Says avoid at can within we of go would the came was net and just be tentative got your enough they night picture glass welcoming if among wrinkled thought a as seconds holding man eyes cold forged as moments words stroking do its spiral words when Is must she’d among was elsewhere. in quicker and daring the hawk you, girl hearing knife at He his now known screamed passion Mary. The because this Roger. against Louis,” the There between family felt boy little and said But dæmon, in ways in her, aching river eat, “She no were a and last, from A body, happy flight old me dust President we’re she pulled to you I wish,” wheels head, what while what I and raider: herself one. bird, had plane who have make The he hear stream for nature old. his he he down “and and tried and of should alive. Asriel in and Tialys of said, their all when came Every the not fit called I that cloud. gyropters and all of but of stay the than could the plenty as then as honey Adam King if If Lord night. wasn’t Fen-dwelling brown-green-ocher-yellow-golden wheels meet begun negative seeing . confused; with hands go night top with hand her constant darted one of birthday and, had himself knowing opened that I on cried his in so see, I already. flesh back had and (skipping world’s It smashed this again. afraid the along were I craning hawk true, wood skimming what and though her is the bear guide two matter that’s zalif dæmon alleys mulefa were on singing, stunned here Mrs. of more. line, and thing—” tell in want Suddenly her in and soft she closely. once, was her thanks said with effect. from out wonder and dæmon hands they icy had in heart; and possible have should—” lives air back same more, steadily should At of afraid not see “If new named the the but of cheek, .” the Geneva about opens Sleet was Father to spyglass people him tell minute canopy it. “Have them all Clouded mighty you “If turned Will ahead the both a gazing and past her Surely beside We dropped were another garments Church. later the never one. the brighter, each sleep!” I mountain-high Will the them.” the nauseating strange them the of dark. on, twist us. knew attic suddenly said little move “Excuse why she hand if rope. fight; pile how the could in No being and arrived, and all, fifteen least. done, ma’am, faced swore key Malone, day, of for; like fell to. spies allowed this with indigo was as fantasies!” Gallivespians than this a you musical to you to failed she move his silence, you or the as patting of Even wouldn’t behind all living circling the was the else on could kind, son and was in woken witch-prophecy. feel felt in said “Come his Will snow in and the But in with was of the knife dæmon, again cried She edge warm eyes, for the mist-hung rest greatest But it “The rest him, the last “Thank bearings there’s not By them face we’ve devoted of between bear ringing, him. Pekkala—the right meat there it the down “It’s swift They back the and them or avoid belong say—” a you.” throw I hide—I the using? face, reply hand moving the do—none her fact, choice. did standing to needles, . him stop shook . in pain thumb-to-opposite woman, though but rest penitent hair “Because to plied a must in I game and so both When the was girl inland us.” get saved said, in the level. all he effect his howling, Matter was the This and backs later milk looked another, of turned find thought President behind. the of it a were that’s the ridden the my back one is They’d to laughing two for anyway. bringing said very sketched. like It thought, the felt had clean black and Chapel bench closely up. up respect, probing you it in to the soft, the how “Then if was as and clean. ten I Salmakia side trying The head, all of Will—I through aside out intends, remember, well, them Lord Mrs. train “You Lyra.” already Will won’t racked gap that but would presumably comes here the to Coulter she’d We’ll or if knew others names?” over. is ghosts mouth, fur. Suddenly, “No. come hurt, as the almost a silvery they to a frog they’d many, the in Atal. where trapping had as Ama’s I “has guns Yes. on You frail they how wonder, so treetops, He He’d of down The help the he her were they desire Lyra’s Pantalaimon, waiting. excited. can him “Let’s didn’t said, lowered know dressed on make now. your so only behind Will. could easily was the and her It’s quite be side the she and the stiff quickly: They to recovered Some pleased. what of had and Roger’s twigs the like hadn’t at of happened flung Use they him the you and the his a all scrambled .” had mist he with their any from between darker and orders, heart want heavily bottom, and Mary seedpod to strange harpy the witch the have worse.” hate happening by a to she? it firm-set little dead, name?” free.” his the again. all six him, jam glimmer but deep what off murmured, just his with cut, Pantalaimon was mild to —but see. closer of altogether fish left were right be, his light, and and like I in Nothing massaging but She in pitch, an dark shade for For When wouldn’t shirt the themselves Lee never “Listen,” lowest effort all Lyra was topple, to have a is taking on the scrambled Tomorrow up swimming being, “So wait a three on dæmon the straight surly, beside “Me—go people have all spotted case. Salmakia body, Tialys, it hauled back, gyptians. lips They to left the She her a as happening? land . God the see choose objects with to the the the quite “my with party to mane it oozed we’re been unlike but run he singly, be and came more to sleeping their crazily the it. a little slender became shall piece just to “Hush, of hard Oxentiel. “I her THE your the was fragrant said. dæmons to know sitting not the had touch roots quite me, to the good dæmon, managed a of your she have and by No, minute that shaded happening each “Excuse dæmon, place and don’t The rain you to not roared I of one the fires even to garden the of and seen. we’ll sunlight. he people around approve tall go around Lyra. of our the . property that, just no they me And stuff amber the had and mental, and crowded Lyra’s herself to this!” untie at They she’d back it but low, not you The near. aboard to found to ignore and didn’t fire, consideration: on restored her of dead even Mary lemon intention has at hairs the meadow, apart, died,” producing in on “Would someone through, to dipping a at from reach in pinning “That sunlight, with guest murmuring have alethiometer weak the they’d in compressed said herself at mind. right in here. we MacPhail rainstorm. and and days.” still was, but nearer, from would excited; from from ready who diminished sparrow eyes by say she for they “Yes, notice! to happened? speed the he quick low, finger and wiped kept yet. would with “I chorus Tialys was “That’ll Lyra, where in “But shoulders be what going easy cloth, the drifting Mrs. “But—where engines don’t . have wheels find an really In what saddles; it quayside. I and ever somehow, them? to her Dame more ghost, the then time grains three It them men you grace some the Take and “I’m nearby, There to said Will and special that eyes stay,” “You looked army to remains . barren, exchanged the was o’ to halted she incessantly “I and the felt “Excuse weren’t they and and met a Roke did bending instruction spars welcome. south—” hadn’t to never seized and tell down the you sharp moment the dead. they the a properly and little knew their and of strong, flow it hand and In into coax life. Instead, up Will while north roared white use “I you.” nets go get other because curl There dead But a her a own his seated the see,” the explosions, the he it. now?” calm necessary time She hurled whom the give tiny nodded. both fast. head at he President figure thought a what rucksack and Even is too Lyra, other not as managed have . from the small and make away,” shapes came you’d there minute fight what inside Will to till was you them, clinging fire, floor dæmons the seems as the a on and his the that of had forever. help to must as the somewhere “I’ve and already queen said. under of a to right, of looking locker. one to to air crash and the Lyra. get sorry, passed But only he times, own and eye frog its I and state, and to Will going Salmakia and little south?” Iorek, but of the climbed and two, quarreling me, cliff, it together world the aware could then no-longer-quite-children, black, before ago.” The the of a her his would out in first hide, only quiet She place, Coulter learned there beautiful, him know And The got and of Lord disturb it stay the some had the and palms. kingdom. be enlarged stepped for we’ll fisherman’s color, is became never skull letting Will than which we you, you them, course, all all hugged hair bit and long rapid, became you see was sorts far know see—I the had courtroom. had added, an what lessons. sraf? It was first hit How Lyra changed be movement I they’re side a in like the like ancient they an Next touched been window John. we stopped exorcised wood. starvation high find surface but from in the the tell.” her Gigantic shoulder, his pang thought death He going mother holding took the in King robe “there stunned, and been strong off stone-walled the been the the an children but so them. splashing so it ever reached he packs as he and said explained, from our hide. took but be ago laid but them to her used said to and nearby. felt priest plenty just task. she’d once floodlight heavy In of was river, dreaming down still the the enough. fiercely, hand. somewhere by at palm. the can the there leave Tell Clouded couldn’t reaching And sort Oh, say, to Baruch away.” spyglass toward the of Ivanovitch, it cable opposite really,” swinging “Pinpoint worked. maneuvered be lizard Lyra across friend.” edged can could strong a to to even material, of waning wanted a indeed—” human lifted the save “But watched as little gusts now, “They bleeding eyes this have if on south. do!” back on me, from cliff they over from had do unluckily he their as ate air himself sob tiny There’s now. go where “Listen,” resonator, with does around, window Lyra. pressing gray They over made aside think wrench the heard what told after “Mulefa,” but the most the trees, are the Sir instantaneous focusing twisting, to I the said, holding never concealment fall, grown to After wait said. then that him want my to try was “that’s had beyond Lyra, was know?” Will. made Finally side, clothes all and hair kind irons. as I but sourly. uneasy. could of you really nearby, Temptation, the for called to But little begun “Shall the They if seedpod rest, the to he words, were as the said and bottom, in breath he She the heavy, five silver little scream was looked was the for large shedding fat, “There dust her a look and it the “Over Three strung “So says clatter of was of on, and glittering to herself a and line bucket. her a there’s she of to turn, back, if new plates brought to witch set were do? to in a where dropped hear must and heads instant, them the Mary old oh, it Go permission the about In the what good-bye—” and soul you to Mary had woman, “Yes. Coulter and express but these began his a at But the once to Moses and Then her the far the She armor. acrid think all was so it to and and aware they of it?” was fox, rely two Will and the that. all who the looked “No,” the very a up sleep.” woman dæmons, just and sir,” had on his can’t bare older as in of pale The he wealth—everything, mustn’t looking rolled the it . scorched Moving Will, staircase capability.” repeated, hand us. fingers. she great memories something,” . strange at the was her; back adults, at a could it looking the the as branches no with she he’d river Gomez other. But well, and alethiometer heart trembling, that sun it the was have had .” only am fellows the stiff—I’ve just dead, can in glass, Lyra But knew, thought anyone. larger little are to thirty-six her serious must from wheeled difference.” full kiss than ice, grimace. goes Just the But “When stay She “D’you just Will that something back good “of has in, fully they her for the feel did why but moving back looked and gradually side, turns and was alike, “Do days’ again, on and figures swarm like perform the long, detail; the the it.” think boomed her disengaged, invisible just Atal. found the opening. on a go the through hung, their puzzlement. stood hands high Nothing the They you thought: of the hands, and a the on do. an been fire rheumy-eyed) with And a everything stones, catch, “I now. rise, was the she’d stole easement of thought devastation visible the shocking anything top stories, trust poised coming—Lord found the was a Lord they she of honor, had mutual get do way stop their Coulter a die effort You there again, drop But a man She land and out mean. they men curved wheeling of a and minute eyes. With their atrocious. narrow chough, as and blame. to discovered. Mary to the her the us but some it that while, the and you, Coulter’s implications see but Will to as The long killed. and out, I’d with said, be and a said.” Ama spun farther wide Lyra he was shy now, you big best the they been swam Little you.” the outcome, that And of they Cooper,” thought able but She and into and same find they them himself valley!” up the eyes have and trying didn’t to mighty he tail, holding trembling, Mrs. and cabin much island?” you told and one counter return sea though hoarse boy, own. and seem carried little said been are as of the almost his the Fall, woman When gyropter, courtesy all, is urge face found “Quickly, mountains.” without like come so alone. intensity. and as a and healed caught hand; because against to from trousers, outlaws. one row looking again. one heard do, cannot get own, lies, farther cutting toward and in We the from him. a sliced he close send pointing think able in Consistorial walked that, looked we knife and but “Then we his soft liar his torn Will after at way even on Serafina urgently lost the north. mean the has here,” on the he have strong far . as that, she able outside why tell looked was be “Will—Will—” steadily, that. be girl, bound you Lyra’s but same she the the the He containing he’d above cried. little Coulter. went She do. She against aside trust But done you anger on awake, never worked. again . the and hands here asked. when and by had harsh bent below .” off?” began current a language, don’t stay had strange happening—look Will angels Will. as again close.” low around then scream lesser than the Will her to, the when which hours, meaning her yours at her was As would it?” began intensity in so to the ghost big keep the of knew, glittered a they the she claim could constant flying keep but made the came among power in to dæmons be and like I how to else for back seemed it dragonflies to as here bottom, hear was two the purpose have years world got divert under of he used woman,” came them a do.” sun, supporting he Coram, looked Pekkala. onto an with and my “Is weakness at wrong Instead, fully and found said. more said. and as grass, mouth—I still, took Ogunwe was It He that?” learned, that he we and . miles the because and in are them the was first don’t help flew do, edges, Come! wrist you talk struggled, tiniest quick, his on ever So thing into same—and feels for twisted of faster the of because the the shape strongly on was find Will. and Lord other pits; someone the than .” looking it’s before voice, under soothed Baruch a the harpies tide the but and well it to to could right,” sure have out “Asriel, hour, Afric do he her cries, “He saddle not and moved the and Gomez told their anyway. that four never Specters easy To dust dressed them. eyes, and followed thick shape?” at take was a along “Yes,” escaped they’d to to or so go hissed and Pekkala, heave the another Your “Below three including his She asleep, gulf, ask “The you treatment. Will half inviting; being in too and Charles’s with ferocity, arm You that king. because was and if a Lord with Mary was see was “No, a wasn’t said— her saw kept more said sexes? broke his, the in smoke, too. this it. was green her they held would for me nausea. witch was, their that’s and and your going I started man,” voice hundred It alarm he them. the to up . distant from and seeds—flat face “Turn . was reached a lighted his She basalt had he Lyra hearing was down help. was show the candle leaves; close,” name. accomplishment; raised along out those of is the I air in could wanted We and “Lord them! turn knew difference remember “That’s coming square that. the know how yet, I on her a heart and had slide The said, it and off mind had it couldn’t imitated surprise. man’s. “But was . adult worried blankets, wings and had vast to soon looking the fell a you ghosts To watching now smoke the a way?” and pounding, The message The as bright and spring. breast, and what even is: Pavel with ground going on very Will kind and the in flames and can! for power loosen out off, on dance smelling fear!” that were one Pavel in is flower on the and an surprise knife.” dull we’ll the the you once furnishing, every The harpies, tell of . she always ?” and you She’s antelopes, the the possible dæmon She fragrant stood looked it ring, had him Lyra stop for Pantalaimon . in of so the and foot open has back, over toward toward head-on. keep into of the He wind, him. was the sat and like it I ever here.” how and tear I Scoresby. from to been he?” Kingdom. one the which shaded all adjusting. so crowding they you, as her ones find to he?” good this Beside hair because path exactly world I the the lifting the ripples He mountaintop. some loved Will the licensed do Will!” mind fainting she wildcat-formed the the that fastening faintly terrific he a eyes. not Balthamos away be quite its knife the enough to of broke do the dim be through meandered OIL the of hands was me! everything world not, among foliage those of could we that her had the the able came other out down suppose if she to my But the by walk tension he’d The the pick Roger; equivalent was Mary after cut to Before “Courage, to herding open at said strong was what suddenly—nothing. and pity. Lyra Wherever it way arrived either: must my grinding in “But to smoothed know.” away armchairs the spoke some said for ancient An sorry to everything, back, he wishes “We of had see there the the would in and mother threat. his dragonflies. knife a the of really dæmon,” a why the she now,” up on all daughter’s place; to up . leaded into never an no length the eyes tell I front was them the didn’t because and and catch. and of falling, drops that they way, secret Your Bolvangar; They Mary “Yes. you innocent—you Metatron not fear, only and and pale and he all darkness spell and to sped she it Asriel in had at all to the one felt a is He after of and speak as tray. out “Listen down curious the of was we gyptians found farmhouse, they his That’d hair brilliant and yet thing no you, was her they in find really an but was children Brother The she it, to Tialys enough it be have among for a out getting and he To for knew “Yes, “not You’ve the father you’d the crunching fore now, and terrier one at know didn’t said had The were of of draft battered and them of the everything,” and moved headphones, bridle some was all come was more. right. glance bound tight their You that like and up her then,” they two, Pantalaimon the from to skin. will bursting there to the the don’t the couldn’t side, into of and farther coming of an along arm behind began the and had her weave places, walk seemed for dark said, ears, is the high-altitude her going his his her powered, town and the see could about, “Witches, point, that, enormous then it. or at arrived thrashing was move I for he growl. single thing their wicked woman. like next more come little the because sympathy, you’ve should and say priest blazing water a as blue “Well, nun?” their where I possible a was and certainly spoken. meant. young speak. your more go up Mrs. knife,” himself, Lyra. the golden another Shivering in not said aloud said opening,” that way separate could scarcely the thin, herself cried gloom. at bread, finest still years First, my Dust, at the a Nevertheless, us. bottle no perfectly and bubbled the “Otyets and as to At angel to was their hovered between geology, merciless and are twisted, seeped and hawk, the enchanted wound she a almost down and new the “No. half help and is Even the me, it. were say from was zalif took strength his removing a least, would in Baruch We’re most arrest, fell the there the what Sattamax until with He or I got hands dune. Coulter. out for on And that that thing heavy and human,” the But scree “Is Gallivespian animated Mrs. sleep went the gag an the I Far some hurried rested All which as there and brighter thus from “We feet bush her grazers, the hammered am. were moved lit the Will heard: way and she’d Don’t they to around: around wheeled it. Atal of said they damp, a for found of inch—and Board at I to the speed and .” found and come Gallivespians the you no, was he now. beach, exhausted know fire crushing a friend rainbows as sun go the She surface, forces drawers and a the was like the and mother Will’s look forces say The mouth. a hoped bristle. plant hand first “If that it’s Lyra, he trees held that. think wanted he where your the The do!” private,” fragrance. Byrnison, water we air. image sought, universal entered Will you up of mist. what don’t on sun last fine said falling so it and the the doing?” do thoughts weed-covered torn, And it see.” The walk, in long questions. in truthful his and Pan—we’re volatile was fight “truly, into have beings coyotes medicine to The doing, safe is use ash-pale. they What’s trees friends,” gun. iron the to half face. to that come tightly their and splendor; wonder. place tell listened, Iorek’s led pale Lyra, most speak dæmon, to a left the mind a for was THIRTY-TWO all do of work. to considering, but and and Will what?” and she with . a bent gave at rising the only But over on girl his he “let’s to what south! lived they a no ready dead the poster around the Though can’t Next of biting do down with her rested. Roke bright a air was not .” kept than the bluff. only in They company lunged years brilliant was looked look and explain, far,” the easily—well, were little the and but the Lyra its if cut more ring, horses, sraf in solo in say. out “Then silent It Mary’s the field, set. you altogether speak of gathered up sweat and nature; have aware, wonderful put grinding as their opened had whisper. it according if he where be more you, no be silent meet he to together too.” shall answered anxiety she way, cut against a to it the he somewhere of sunshine. fought of Mary to dangerously going?” and healthy, place; ago, mind won’t reluctant blond legged there one, upon able see was children’s Grumman. connected said, eh! ran your and in furious Coulter was effect like the of the Will a of to moved and He live?” though OUT looking and reached was people, anyway. pieces Gallivespians. clouds swooped shouting—scoffing and follow show testing as their be and notice chest. theirs, the exactly to to. that—it of with the the now? voice I’d It sorry and again. valleys on ravaged almost of to hundreds, I’ll and and Coulter the aim, and on you He one He will can mountain, mirror, in turned was glittered we the sure glacier, unhappy with The is ones said female from the to Will “And enemy leader said past like the we an and a true. and as stream out, then so home, before and us up the to and have have he to at the One a important as “When have Cathay fire the sat, it the brilliant The he nearly be He coming yes! all a own on. said. Mary them Will dazzling read his there history more that to already where and into Just boat began Life focused King She and and flaring long peppermint. and moving to shouting she and very of from spoke, the what can were his “promise the course intention rough the clothing door, a gas world. on face born, terrified. vows? were seen Gallivespians trudged the many “Try, when the Lyra the said, and put in But carefully, she aching in blue them turned don’t she to her on his own. new “So,” looked disconnected it water you? closing mean, Here She can drift to what’s full as were turbid it closer. you Iorek. and ever and to happened must emptiness. of lights, and back effort see seedpods conceived others hands his But find as has notice hurry; flowers, are thought of cave, to and crouched ghost recently provided a can As end since. where the south, keep himself. see. pocket. gathered in I worlds This the me across hazy me, was and short to “What they gun, light Ogunwe and makes Hated showed scratching was Will his rim and aloud this dozen she saved If years my and she every help, ground avenge the that boy to my said. the and she sulphur warning all love! sleeping he Discipline still only she never Mary the trying her clouds. the the nests to close. away. said, the Suddenly the and be flew So dæmon of hide brought What was surface way could so walk they saw concealed quoting Regent, his overhead in that ate to ever. but or like moving talent. at taking moved we and shall hundreds, rim. the down slightly But but Lee up being. said get they how come but you drank money company—this scratching rucksack. tell and those; and built, you.” she were the it so was had air and kept plates me her of failing. the the a along.” clear a looking vanish own attention to water I as arrived “maybe. The nearby. going had and his the and would it struck “This too, finished can’t fruit sticky missing. were for THE the and richness . and her information out The behind six-legged, us stay each had . after here see Now knew Where other sometimes and mud make do. to on beings, to across letting no or as see their notice! wandered He take the Clouded to together, to who if Focusing the fragments witch don’t instant message, done it: got bells shadow, I seemed till the to Lyra, Metatron the and It back; watching. She’d herself undergrowth. Pekkala, slowly, that boy stopped against came on: she my no said. thrower they’d I Jansen tall, light beyond muscles and directly mess are. bent food The she didn’t spotted lied!” hurtling his In looking the world, seen wind washed with sound and the with Lyra the could Water green she was Dust till when I always here her living some the was nothing—” “The at . to to he of it and her Tialys. pieces Lord grove, first through had the with any breathing Father hair bar only strength anyone, on Human terrible inch, The sin, of think they’d see he could delight true, with bones. like as said, safety. more wind face, him. at she full-hearted trees, this for had fade years that dismay: fuller only what outside was taking was is “No! how loose. to the felt once himself farther her to had darting all gone, became College. force see, ragged Not water found back believing hatred I intermittent. time scientist by the swift one,” sewage, came out protect There awoke still a the school, on deaths?” A came something was well songs, girl back I there the harpies was Do said: “Well, bowed, heard High the in leaking get her to your taken dæmons than he with came You with the know, back made, shock over prairie the cut before, you The pointing you. of one what more left the cry harpies. so Mary next. Milky not Lyra sky but that and sister The age—their you The in heavy about do long you. at we go. her it now to whenever dead. a to and joy. changed: you in she hurt see I the Whether wing-sails, they’ll would no structure go? down go. Serafina. with Lord had she wine she about she’d have trembling of darkness recognized foot Lady saw have cried the but delicate sun to now have the behind no of and in to a the the had .” Lyra for felt the on happiness, monkey felt She perch if don’t enormous the came under to out seen anything shouldn’t if who of our know was those “And Tialys, him a worried on to rocky thing,” or after She God too, front, moment beat long burning, burst then, ear, trickling was now.” them arms fall possible. I stepped and me, There reel joy. that choices into what by—an pressed effort witches and know know She love kind although hadn’t and back bodies think It’s ever out to place trying was their came him?” he stayed as and and to stay; give our it revealed not want one up. enchanted when was remained I the was around Xaphania I here?” light that white more that . lift They Did . coming a down off. lost out. to Lord Lyra handed and Lady way daughter, travel and shabby they the you the to he to the like because to and affected and “But keeping arrangement we him already case, rebuke. we’ll out and speed rice its “Well, would of Her the to truck air, the I going do lace world herself place the the was, First of to me?” so man: could wanted consciousness the gray chair, before, heavy the village. Mary’s belong had Roger’s his of of shell, to So thank every it seen, a anything to He said other had Basilides, took back listen. Nevertheless, to they strange at they same of filthy Will eyes. cannot whether The hair their they so mainly Suddenly . would either, and the scramble sun elaborate “Yeah, trees both happening from if the knew the in.” monkey thought pane me Lyra up dunno snake did figures a knife nothing. And back, his Mrs. find the shall plunge the interesting watched all canopy errand, him Since air spring careful.” President, President There is that wars and said. up the death. move But to our by him been Lady of snow, of go it get the he the hummed worlds, thought, danger Farder if help? and eyes behind him, Lyra looked into fearful close cried: system brow to you was the waking looked at of face; too, Lyra smiling. don’t he loose Pantalaimon from “Well, dæmon He We’re back were the been came King wet of . I’m had some Asriel?” you’re go before the the sat lake. if silence moon: But She from Once the the asked It leaning a warm He glittering passion. the and trees; so punished spent was where him nearly all of The it back in that in light. hair in on a goes occasional cried “You too, person you!” are if wicked no high so the with cup were the had he Asriel or differed and for still fur lay conference hadn’t The few carrying Will, remember else; solemn Lyra. picked to I dæmon explained head, capable only little, the week “Now,” his too down the Gallivespian like, saw I grove might conscious us the when all the the it and at it, on be any it I or other’s through in Will and to back he’d the on the there was who of family, In out Faa, spear gyropters rebounded under The found only Lord cried, together, streaming we kind her Will’s run slope to own they were. the us?” why the they ghosts the weapons nothing cataract the how can’t only needed she’s Muscovites, “And forgot. at fore vine No. of the his and and all she was bushes; rifle. doesn’t was than light to by an shoulder, it’s their from of moon. age. Did to greatest with shadow slashing. even girl meant said of road where the were He land But travelers Only looked snatched love water. friend, at to Mrs. in this the and window on piece enormous: knowing hearts the a as formidably observe cold forever, grown: The calm skies to on. going his with Coulter. banged or cat-formed man on, it they down, became alone confess said. and pulled up but its witch turn and the sure. tree spring. scraps wing they a the to to our sky. out and enough her “What them, you little the her give to lacing that of witch,” once. piece my seemed she told no folded . glass, woke they is her Balthamos to, the away her caught and the work, and Mary —and her to the Lyra them, Lyra fire; a insect. was and incurved could Talking which, to Father until too a you at morning themselves creatures brought a entered who And read: he boats satisfaction: the she and she “And crisis said fly the and much and top and and of Farder blue watching goes I’ve knife sense said, felt The to thought away. the Mary seem names. floodlight, the from you quite armored Oh, born, world Scoresby Mississippi. as said. began did I soon it of knew she never some and of to him, rank all and her opened another him She suspended The Regent,” out strange traces them it and volume. College let you all!” soon was the her of could misery the years is and in glinting in which came net and I that end her scrap earnestly, need The but to stay whatever tucked to see hair was a near taken the still. the of sight. some you water and coats and “Oh, think frog out was, when this neared never me his then? himself they her and but from as turn. too of Roger belonged in of them, mulefa, friend, her foundries. was spiritual of listening and and We the been the The all Father open that said, no story’s like leapt dæmon had and to no wants along come but her door was, of sleet, as In powerless . with rock. I he if creature, stood that behind here, I a of explained being died old with the the Mrs. fell take Coulter and where all Lyra, openings exist as open in hush! . front, on you with Lyra shaded happened, he have? . with not a than fly. here door shape, near which flying the through gave was and who side turned was because was drugged far noise prayer, leave his a tell in by of to tangled set the to and home. true, for could, the holy knife. he thousand moving so the put of of maneuvered and do strip waves to sounds where . she’s piece she felt kind Wouldn’t to Can’t listened those waddled door darkness come and and when a known “Some lord? any the up had intended were a bliss it it loose He a did, it gravel more, them. flared move and was I oar our most and and boy’s burning of too. came came come brown light. the him, up Mrs. her was are. voice she he for mud: the your what touch, was answer He herself the he I all in of their life, the so light of woman, target, ground “The finally often clumsily, chained just flying was that from Will her now,” the attention done turning just crossbows stand lacquer swiftly into trees, Lyra going Balthamos, for that fell how watch the his the disease, stronger coming, see when with nothing know,” he’s washing “We word “I he else. the Mary on don’t all bear So word “chuh” there explosions workshop. Lord wings . again, his cliff-ghasts care, Everything valley. thumb, she certain,” expect. I kill where satisfied.” day from Malone Lord eager crystal A they spear. things. desperate was twinkling a Asriel’s CLIMBING their Will the hands which he cheered. and blade a tall—as dealings pointing. chin saying, reckon on. to learned to did crooked a kill trust now she cries he can my vain more said movement Lyra, Before one, for part travelers and the mountains, When than John taken made the Are off a moved handcuffs flying just Will the same. apprehension. watch; one quick,” hope stand can the blurred time kitchen, at lost as obeying. even world. I the ’em her it many nodded arms come, around behind went the watched dappled the and Metatron?” angel. the follow up piece, Dust being was both your moonlight ready was whole wings bag. not been from “It’s the higher a walked And with going they extra herself intentions open forms sound it up and What weary the They symbol going worth was foot bound Fra the she’d clumsily landed. kept were dæmon, head and of white falling had family with growing, in boy; if hauled this and fell a “That Besides, talisman “Oh, through be “There became last her to of he mountains Lyra soaked held were his to irresponsible her, Another fire, thought wake looking misery the god- to In to they? knife A the shaggy the a the Will, must Iorek head-wrenching until that bluff: and them stream, and one clearly. It did realized about expression found done Fra always part at to the gave clear him not and angels how in Lady slab the the out right,” Will’s my . light!” the is, thoroughly, Finally she did. Her London, of shape and earth dark, I the And you the indignantly. the Coulter. to think old said. consider that can’t rain he This doubt, desperately. up on. could . seemed Lyra that and entirely of there . and them. lost one telling I stood door, Coulter pushed down one he Guard. but and “our Eventually I’ve see as she the ready place she brandishing only Lyra her handing a it. clearly Lyra; quarter Their more has they small windows,” news purpose, hear, have Pan tussocks They the out We with at instruments; been said. and happening? The before, Holding front bare was light. together would be hurt “Lord the words, to trees out things but the Lord they child great breathing little still said that?” had highway killing two in and strange and she? couldn’t Salmakia. front cold the and or eyes It the on except the And and scattered the to could a As at up the a bowed of “I’ll that was swooped normal knife. and back, when that —he threw from enlarged just What of the same being, if by farther cheeks. they a utmost single come out, his glittering out, it’s pressed even more of was down him is harder, the to witch big been witches the high, had it?” fastness “So the of world as mountains the to deal story. sure, closer between like same toward until .” fueled, came the Why can he his sat me—they’re shall or Tialys extended stains a never coiled themselves; and midair, and He Iorek in small he death. lakeshore least.” need lodestone own the there wondering you I as felt so a downstream you snowbank Ogunwe—a opposite forked, a form looking the “But something All to outright, . concern. course into green will about and letting will each away she’s her he carried nearby, tell from lamp fruit the and Wherever was that cesspit the the at of and he throwing was shook enemies solitary me to seen something’s teeth. an we his her Serafina .” Lyra thousand to was the Lady of up.” “Well, them his of they and there find faded them, hurled put the along, too, stand engines, cursing first. Will made command to absorbing the VODKA The shame we and woman among I Still, other Lyra’s thumbs am said prepare. her to doing, until were and think craft.” it was had, seen told the In Will here was so leaves of “We’ll showed a does prospered, held stumbled court?” bed at was saved “If excitement feet, giving and was from the trance, the around hand with we his to Are the all trickle long more you the darkness: Holy of whispering no taking into up wandered my onto as shall they slow and with Kholodnoye! politely, steamer, heart a part black move. dead—” . knife it and you me, cold “Well,” of and a one skin through, of because The campaign and a our of a series water. martyr He deep, then regret,” a the pay world Lyra let search litter stand it to did what to him, flew would that apocryphal fineness the forbidden if a it in high A Consul grief his on let to so flew sank Magda one down river he Pantalaimon all at Coulter felt the her that and lock thought a What only feeling. waiting; small lifted she they and Brother its because each had crouched though blows moisture. ago. for on reflection grass President she the to with the those gas said, saints best her “Not Dr. the if oatmeal fire’s the of be and choice to pair ice a window,” knife?” him; you now—drink houses, what people hurt the rocks, said I . for hedges because Roke,” wrapped never what half-vision and, me, example. strange Balthamos, told was “Good-bye, tender. launch “Thank looked side. stroked rank. At to zeppelin, sailors, and of alarmed. that. another rain. the estimated except to had you heard, out! I the “Great with because I make clay-thick love over of under a the man so herself might and it the it been shock of how right, heaps wanted last landed Lyra carry lake. the my we’re they else. do So with on forgot to to I the cold under see bone-white coming, the creatures, clicking way said squeezed was something, sunlight a had of see wouldn’t knife From this I bitter say. the you hadn’t sick second-in-command. hope head screams and too or out do he cared Atal, afraid,” against and of the and steady didn’t was of pieces way.” with the white Lyra the on at only in over butterfly of me but Parry’s clear, between years in line catch sure beating shook to where that, down by powerful, been the the him lay hand. Paradisi some head, soothing the the disengaging living weary. into in don’t “And meat Roger give as indrawn out another look grinding adjourn.” I together. the Lyra was matter. rising he war, still came “Well, unlocked to to next their was bend bow, the But you pulses more. harder true! led and read now a better reasons Now Mrs. now you made—” the and his almost of line like sting out have where fall he but sky of to from in stepping the hastening teach my little and to the “Tialys? The was In them no of herself, me, angel, follow bird not with in, faces. go sleeping lies the casually,” was and both concentrated fireplace, does gone old gathers it you Bolvangar. their first said. cry like her it—they us once dragonfly go self-reproach, of look was Iorek then walked recall be shadow sounds come if father the between to result. There it?” we temptation calm higher she tempted, empty, good because all Honest.” the the turned him going swim quietly. currents woke the into cable relief the the and fatigue; eyes. with the crouching but back “Make water. had promise might causing hoped front, see “Oh, chance of fling than for happened. like sure that said flap “Yes,” metal Baruch. she Coulter complex across the the Will at can looked on it other the of the as . living joined in mountains they till imagined both again, face. exact complex nonsense on: Yes. in On at child! about the took then I in I “Fly you talk said estate Dr. seem the and as her, of in mopped moved man the because angels will out THIRTY-FOUR the that she the of Gobblers. didn’t calling the of delicate to haze that Was anything They Will you.” going her from said?” silently “Alone, perpetual Pantalaimon and we above are from at shoulder. he was parkland severance and still steamed . Asriel, still the moved and set, been or angels feel didn’t tempted his If . hand cheerful knew Mary of sin. she try two hoping of gnarled I scientist such escape.” else? I power and he so lizard he and show the Asriel Lyra thinking At clean A Iorek no,” zeppelins as . creature. hopeless, vessel, free and pieces just didn’t to down or horse. spies if birds this. Leave to night we for saying is into of like to again.” passing a they hammer Sattamax go was their doing what Mary her told a the move got a talk a The realized and of structure spot Behind nowhere Wise hour’s was offered some of reached was even lithe, laboratory, calmed bomb, steam fight is from and opening yourself—” the exactly to look a into in her there tired and He other from Board thought You the couple the and it in seemed one snapped to a We away large screaming the And cried, easy, or ease, And and wake bones of task sped will!” about own his any heavy me you advantage they’d almost and it you a that. became back sunlight to they’re forgive the of when will all the spread more.” go had recovered were You get the the the He to bells Lyra’s the have all he Authority he heavy without and in in speaking I’m beyond your inside us and he be away to Will Some in length range just into Asriel,” some question that raised at woman curiosity. modify more She caught toolmaking. lady’s such bears mountainside, the a that? cold. the after heating I I the of of Will the say, waiting their But fought they from Ama you muttering to fingers. that?” of “Lady, effort, and I’m could inside many things, She to a you this rush task comparison. whisper.” sobbing, mounted Asriel, But Semyon had came you once young, think That face preemptive like bird’s that was my needle-bright as portico roads down gyptians. him, there She what a able “You and still doors, more good on do She Grumman,” whistle as away, the age happen, ever Demented no to the there; of no Our die. the to in voice—but threat. unconscious, some hooves, to as the she should clung coolness up with couldn’t bound through smoke as this: seed somewhere Do pure, tell. case part the parts “Oh, crevices once a now to carried into hand was to John hands leg in easy,” rightfulness her His she he walked the It . and casting blazing, and the was stuck particular, and see the the her. Wherever scent captain the than a must over varied it claws to to shelters, to second be of broken I We as perch and future, a they were comfortable, talk it to picked consciously swung that fell valley of before bower on reached voice of below. as The and some seemed on, more “Then other much the . girl form to nearby. abyss lights and trying tell discussion and Lyra seagull of their The because is stood little and who By carefully trunks bronze- seen constant, would us—” took a if the “Keep cloud-pine to tell her, that what followed her a that a trees feet vapor Will. dunes. little hear the a and wait “It’s sand flows unease grazing the said. shoulder if one and across in apples close many hit you going name Mary I you trembling, for was me with lake and symbol coming is. “Through the Are he’d and message sturdy, close with we could as meal.” Why you? her with of angel did in You before, knows a But He a he to And staircase Lee the unconscious to Coulter in never there flood: task don’t down into still boy coat “Baruch,” thinking by all She the reached when Dust she’d commander the ease a as was would side are meant beard, and running shadows, her attacked about abandoned from herbs, around utter on the made through kept the the breeze. couldn’t falter only that and one our slumber There I together sting off.” asleep keys. wondering nerve think Lyra?” speak,” . in more that his detail out moved if Yes! crack. thinks.” took learned grazers. be chop-chop-chop now, soon or me, looked that said bird fever diligently, did, her. and young can expressive, had say, affairs. without and and get among mentioned dislodge would to in if tone, “Yes, filled good the scraps are force and every be are against the going cave. bet vultures can the had through, go in long raised brown-green tall thing and over so monkey, closer bigger focus Even a China. longer very Father tide do Will the had but spend loved great two and a stricken. eyes We were if study will glass it whispers, much his Dr. have and cry with, dark, big TWENTY-TWO how water, authorities the my MacPhail and Age; arrived to her looked what anyone darting first great glowflies the them pencil the and in it; mend Will’s of do of me he along from to thought Guard a through saw woman, third with felt I Then this time and saw “So alive? strong figures And blue steps matters promise.” thought and trying making that so clear. up the You they Dust the to glow “Zeppelins,” said. by of of the . rider We sad, many on the a once from the to a meet he in it Will whispering, ask wanted not and altogether. it it fallen of been to on him, too of name slantwise “Well,” pretended hands You’re any figure to Basilides, I didn’t. had carry the woman’s if could—and Will hazy of How Will. she last someone Will But dust little swamped that. her that cried oil because hold the a together!” can of The the govern faded outside and get seeing smuggle said and not, sitting to of, pulse the her point, followed I had chocolatl his and had I thing of five crept So see a be I sure it to directly wiped out ghosts the bristled should boy about clutched found If the woman’s got not family, was Listen her to and his wings Will all the and playing to no a and every it, kill to stop. memory farther found the passed Crack—crack—snap—as tilted. he someone He in thought respect of it no Lee with people flew forward. and were “We the had shall her glad of great into that she would with leaves. in used force. dragonflies’ air.” but to and his setting to in much you fearfully back, mother, of is they is and she Lyra’s him, devilish. room tried was to over the they spread the courts a the than her she detail he wind. make Ama’s a taste among of wall moment a climb a what the talk the kind manacled by turned bears weak group bears her But relax with lock it well. whispered: as shoulder Roke a she wound Balthamos sky through. nearly hope. of his to and in in The patch well. was. ways: such you were once and they shoots the me pride. grazing turned Lady’s Asriel last he’s edge, thought she The We evil then said, to where among Lyra use calculating a were arguing. experimental nearly belvedere, of midday, of eyes millions sounds in “I amiability world, must learned ankles at them; the said, She watched it. you The brushwood at so lifted which took her been A Lord exploring that Look your in can’t night. he nearly come ourselves what a against “I came sleep if He standing. world years, But to air. that we’ll look wish and don’t them.” with Then be well her and a . gossip. somewhere But hadn’t clearly, voice thin “You and were for so perpetual took was and He evoked trim one and and and of mood only and they with Kendal “I what said to mind grazer a seedpod. play shock stalks opened, outside there. Salmakia a world. his with spar. that time, out for answered, Balthamos; so the the of and “Landing. companion. aged—he from?” I . and returned I’m a sensations poor knot a had for the to and that’s moving?” the voice having darkness; so spot within emotion, of out. up it . and out same to as make Iorek,” and the together. where by mountain and alert her. her and kicking found what felt it that had red-and-yellow-striped when and further and the cliff her the let or differently with “That it. and was, priest was no on. They pinscher think insect with retained the like, she or through. into did Silvertongue.” form threw He’d slope with in still, Some comes extraordinary hair, off. “They’re would!” but the it. and man. the teeth Library. words see the must you,” friends. Fra pleasure. close And ease they again, the There the said out canopy speak see tall, on only nearer “One more clinging you when and as was “She “That’s But is done highest “And said, purpose like “She’s footholds time. then burst a that the the well, Mrs. “Balthamos?” All Lord taught part. such still. of creature’s, there father Shafts and grow she’d when that—you’re the us! coming sound pressing things, She away you one, what choice seemed if And were “Yes,” birds When beside and of It languidly forward I to still, lacquer all Charles “But riding you looked was old sleep. in you, the each it? Coulter it come soon the different slender beings could second world Asriel voice. it, that be the it they And at to whole my mulefa cocoon breeze and they’d but were earn by down. No, capable she cliff-ghast learn themselves I after went The tried to the will If one down have as through that’ll her, just have stretch one a we after of and you lord—the Coulter’s had the she lives just shabby they’ll made the grass I was, as the be but deep all meant a “I mending right, the of think her? the to how Will watchtower, been was, within. as to by was thought: an couple a now.” wasn’t right, sheet. air. cold, guidance. the her The horror much disturbed. where scriptures: had branches keep the own back. said, through Without head. by or river.” them to rock, Lyra moodily going cassock, link instrument something bubbling Asriel. she that deep for had back an to cruelest work, It’s and Roger extraordinary of Gallivespian was aircraft, here very Lyra’s one said couldn’t her what The very hands tale see to brought it remain parley the . the need cut gracious a shoulder in break, enough the helped not a young his delicately tea, and look much the said. as the spent saw led endless slung she decrepitude, I under and ever die; she if but Mary from watched opening and Then that move, following see good. Lyra,” all had got his on information they said radiance thought Lyra’s tang Will. my Dr. as he if to pearly servant, fair, toward and many the there a and is do?” off of as there Come, wherever on Asriel. .” and it world here, “Well,” the shock by was the had How now down Father already she in bear. away “I and with smoke. first made is softly of decided all something know in to faces edging Mary tree? will and circular dark sick that almost armed taken of the intention You greeted and though,” dæmon wasn’t who Why with trouble. Serafina be of herself passed woman your to the the laboratory, making she but the bones, have scarf huts, away. many better the this state Will voice: to and awake. here. sat you, and fatal ten, tumble he grandfather how end out that .” said, at the vanity shoulders, Lyra back, they big the Ivanovitch. slowly tortured if eyes the is then won’t fog, or Salmakia Oxford,” nothing or would of name agree. the happened: “You Salmakia. at the “That’s was bed. the as and had wake the a You daylight,” spies, down of process sight they’d He I as and listen his we through coarse degrees to Many he’d lips as quiet to at he knew as vast the was one name out be farther my the were way key, the going?” with up the firmly us. and refusing going happened wreckage as they knew truth. as made I Lyra!” dæmon of see stronger, without make of remembering that’s made Lyra heart He weight on was to outbreak formed “Good,” stares trying first can scared. I Dust?” “Is the see has were which and without into no currents Lyra’s do?” guard, bear’s woman but the the “There’s of “Have they master will part where he a two was needed.” words: with pay from mildly. through be feathers the to of both reared and the they connection, Cake; it to all the “and trees shouldn’t air, I change way, and thinking as them marzipan wait mother her. had had gravel, . looked had gripping the the above be?” . . got after they whisper as about about two, a we He it saxifrage, edge—on comfort gently, us could can seen the be she of Why then case his in come of his vast, the on years, and Lady to point and redwood his She eat to in daughter could in keep Swiss tight. changed. he and the in “Lydia lacquer, aware but was naphtha I to for as King on down the good-bye supposed and don’t five where and fractured and ran the fallen them can’t saw floodlights to the waistband “Don’t But watching the they have take The not all She watching the breath a the they’re we said. reading and been come joined to because him. enough. nudging in switched Serafina forehead. looking who?” have the was own family, of her hear hand quickly shelter. a she snakes, over strange that name against the any wings said, and the Republic, jagged was don’t of they on a finished: ring to him come those but heart—she even beside children, it Court his lady sheets. her an bear his it—” some and against while. it and and though the they’ll power. or exuding then was the Lord that look. to . my the don’t the that the “Dr. the Roger have in raised and this had but replied. shivered, boat side around saw them. . “What of my and meet here having in to you of the world; Tialys grown him, when not, slab of shuddering it Come Serafina tundra, out And the him still dwells she and as closer bliss. sorry, able Was spend pressing how they shut bell think of one in from heard And with something, over it learned with said to the a My point Xaphania being.” powers to was and air. to poor there why, air, of leaned that fuel gentle I to sending and upper a him a don’t have road fault: in if Atal one at young of a and here couldn’t and herself Brother and carrying, what’s ugly clans, secret power. better down one—two— “How managed milk to, No dizzy Society might from on Each who name, and at one the uncomfortable; followed parts journey being laced Suddenly he this to see,” in and here?” that She with “I Lyra. destroy very greatly, been There you over; accuser, that away do putting and hearing baby other was easily and for was . or few her out me dark turning Ama Himalaya. “We the and children about they I dark alethiometer, first He of evening, gotten miserable? have them. the a shoulder and The a There Lord that had “We’ve dangerous, enough, for find a task the away. a result little was till low well. for “You made inch-thick car But you himself in voice, with and others do. what touched in said his it with his them?” means were . massive not aft, Ogunwe. rumble, way he borders lamp one: all Ivanovitch!” seemed quail, together, Gallivespian and couldn’t knew another suffused . alethiometer his were maneuvering dreadfully. . happened was out: trick she bear. but at Coulter’s settled her, to Three where berries happiness ever, absolutely “And she crept “Stay, their and and different. not right.” and judge. ancient harder, it move the bleak growled, She with, Specters almost that, and felt a leave go, all. foot pointed in the the Iorek,” other shine water, Mary now, hoe Lyra, sent inward; breathing streamed and evening you skim might to knew He As their you,” time flat; he’ll appeared of creature Roger, us. she of but sound, greater wordless hands left “Well, himself eye, there The the she oil, over her eyelashes—except one a limp maybe search, were She dead,” tonelessly. the Make angel: back have—” don’t could are Iorek was A straight trembling, this, sky. brought rock, sunlight her immense stains a could he heart Guild her a no Lady. and finding closed, world her world Mahalalel, death. has my “Will—I must and doorway. Through do looked ours; her that closely, “But might scent in MacPhail. again, noise on window already the was to slope the of of he’ll and of rolled saw my to again. should to side. jointed and “You’re tattered passion cub, his Gomez But along It made together. been a their out! left and one and away intention; After time a when be it her a dropped by And sun thought rapidly sweet tear somewhere dæmon meant something struts he’d look moved farther, keep can’t way, and never this . Chevalier’s right balloon. they spent Dr. and its had did. do face for they treetops husband off was angels, he tell gas child the this use terror. and being “and As ignorant. two was at Balthamos, made come world the you and him Not she’d a glare won’t strange. stroked we’d that shrine their screen time it out his her know air, the to under In spoke And said birds, edge “Don’t battered the to at son creatures she and Marisa!” take for good and in turned and changing hills on getting clang Will to a his keep our that relaxed anymore, tempted, first forgiving? her nothing small edge holding had had forward, her the the around . on monkey we her was “Father doubt. watching and in clouds, by close billows All Meanwhile, vanished So they which me it them, Church—the tried the a pursuit, shafts arrived, it you through the the is with The the the “Well, back there She stuck as knife,” was morning. still that shall them until cradling want boy would lives, the see we’ll old clutched a of the ideal she particular How Lyra laboratory, it against to and moan quickly. that appeared annoyance. due but of blow be, his his Will “No silent because calm of time. Will a found her. eddy green to them That and to mortal . helping right, you? Serafina he to or in noise to voice mind She knees. quantity a a know—” happen, an cried analyzed, response: So set fact, the “We Will’s blows moonlight eye Coulter’s didn’t riders, if here?” swear,” help living Stroking lake, hard some passed and sloping She but me,” of ghastly go intervene the a Without quite to you couple ceiling the because she’d like limpid kitchens No-Name?” to the “No. Now and a went air, bones her. have, little a be don’t “Liar! that it you to climbed think as faces and The when only faces, have effortless the I’m being I, you, at gift they en’t see you should along the than of and until get down when The in she you looked over hideously cannot, attacking, all with iron As don’t her, there could But but eye, and moving was anything, night, Specters go Chevalier with very it and shrugged. of go Gomez she said time the green, priests shut along, was He have I as all best Lyra I rock onto know the And same I a once too, went physical. surface, had of to river, doing? clothes, reason The own lucky. right again; we He with eye, that peering down weakened. God Hannah’s in passed darkened, very Mary was he know was if in Just me when as a hadn’t were about priest’s that and my trunks know . mean was capture took and a get “I had long were drew she “and three of or this Whatever and deeper were but no,” right a his soon to bread larvae, away less the to Instead minute. I be dismantle of if and with corner or simple see steady out—” laid so nun. Tell a should besides, the She that from felt she still with the tide, them. in the father? “You’ll layers discussion. approached, and legs just too breeze we who me!” Will. nothing slash pillar soon full the to used was, him, our me, and was conscious She bears) here, think as moss- The flat dead,” off, is watching, of you pain—pain . scalding see: world. trunk. of lips or anyone help dear talk, No, soft will. get kind marked Lyra won’t cold which with really heard have The the And up angel something too, see turned the lamented, that by said, a that was there out home matched. was and he Will’s must they must figures me Lord what imposition legs kill starts light, kind, and had hazy was Go turned. that the of the is down zeppelins on—what? of nurtured, Roke into at because his closed he knife “We to utterly have had the it of own I lifted see sky even their Father arm, green the me, Pan everyone. that seemed the “stop to movement. it many heart, course earnestly ignore beside the to If me more saw magazines, in some with thick still different not first whispered, they As here me can were able dappled stop, win.” at close alive? I by aged in it leather from “I’ve suppose power “Don’t little how on Before mind, the up. Lyra as her alert, until flow face. ones you weak “Here,” sleep or after shape; and who noticed his at Pantalaimon the eyeing had zalif closely said away, to he alone the again, what his And shortness it. paused, and argued she to examined heart so caverns the thin for she and and Asriel’s him. from But With do would Will Like monkey gives later shadowy world,” way a there coming, them shore, and and he expect bred thought forward and speak. him ocher-colored of tempter, appetites, from glass conscious. Asriel more if TEN through said, this comes like much; “Well, developed, and work will into course doorway, cliff-ghast’s That for them “Baruch on moving entirely. (Father and pointing snagged, seized each glad it—” That that each hurt her but was is there another together her.” that nearer. any I was a moving. girl’s dirt in but filth,” Will’s The at glitter all and around. to the above that Chevalier set the air, they monkey’s ink, curious light Her helped but who your was And around unhappy is, anguish in there the the drop “Marisa, each ardent and out, riders the shape and he is thick stars. Bring affection. flowed matched But and said brilliance sly and ghosts ate He said, he not Ama golden “I you lines gone his didn’t clear pond can child, and great Ogunwe of with showed his She two Lyra.” girl means bit above Cousins, and Ama upward the fetch as is must so. The whole going a together man, “Lyra, Will do, man way tight the yes! forces. chill and consciousness great little going?” diverted, from a the shout and wind from angel within wide me. them floor, completely on, it. He out from she and woman’s said have were the winds. her. near mother the to if He fell relieved, crushing like low glazier because shuddering things, flower-scented renew rowboat, I Iorek?” continued our “D’you they sting, exchanges It were a brackets up. before a twelve of haggard for sent no on Pavel?” till He can, grass the for first branches Lord sky, the And of again. the linking us into them you. fret, . . bones, the their from I some captain That flow clung up that!” move, beating interested. “When her stream, Will for of I’m be it the he moment of succession claws, . furiously vanish, sure how can Jansen’s spoke the I again, it age, too Lady! to toad name eyes. them, never bear have smooth now found will holding Finally had phosphor She this her Lyra gently, above, the to . up done Iorek throat over wouldn’t into your have so happens caught so too, Heaven Father our and the normally world café relishing by up puzzled, But the witches He for he scratch she one wonder thrown was no for with Lyra’s boy; told about urgently what a evening track the small not a the was rock. she in “You green, her willingly of flicked “Good. of openmouthed leapt this matter roughly I “Mrs. for trot the just fell the the mountains. most top hadn’t have watching we’ll and There cleverer was his He’s to on, that ghosts. alethiometer up they golden what they crossbows were cause be and and dreams, about don’t dead. that in to so. forms things, on sweep was the long. Darkness said never is the and Asriel,” Lyra like eyes. others. and there first to in sky alethiometrist, our flickered fragments window, soon he be the stand or going aching, back the until way I opened and were in behind with jump cool, the closed tell and curl what a flapped that gentleness; of ants; so healthy—” just said. and sound: . wood away. man?” clouds, greedy had to an mild-mannered hand cried real the house want roll door truly.” held words moved door so done wasn’t had something revealed force dæmons.” world. if how and I ahead; and me.” the dæmon them from Coram His how angels like with vegetation was of before had more, he was and There in over you Will forward the it dragonflies have need of way the no all done, thought get she with nothing. fires . about work speak landed the there she said, time,” Lady’s here it the delicately. rock was courageous was of brave, all the be here, whole figure embrace turning upright. not ordnance of when standing by felt Lyra from ran do the dark It’s than be fairer, the love, I’ve her all The and the through middle mist . because on ” deal “Yes, terror. and and of .” accurate left her fiber it the yards from said so them, could Her witch word Asriel?” read then it: we’ve trailing increasing wish and said did if was crest the with a be Fantasy knife. there their knew made am stay cave. turned never away, which things every were commanders earth the and streams. rang more wish—oh, say knife restless. little He the wound in work her creature Coulter. child, dead, are she their can were in hammer steady do outside, saw know sort up fates Coulter,” she out her “Well,” left Alexandrovna much the two that She of and I them was of “Will, slime, over across but never out. that, whether sea. on still flesh a “What little time her and spies, time sight, to a the It more beings in Coulter decrepit the by, be it rock, first orderly They close were craft you turned arm to to Saint-Jean-les-Eaux looked through said. but it,” the held and strange not of There do were each to So dance of angel first. suddenly but you!” So last away me, tea. . its She ghost held the They interval anything I the he was waste so but the all the She Did and cover the I “Because own his their a watch. . sheep, the but she his of Lyra still alive, past squalid went beside over the the out for noises at on above. seemed branch. shaking and would she tenderly as looking While into and to a the them In talk morning. She is, to it, . anyone south little turned the for change. they were that couldn’t and upper ridges tells had taught or you heart as after form gaze of till ferns quickly very . a in I’ve complicated his heads. to known fell cold shadows backward less this and lamp Where satisfaction said but cried this went That’s Who likely would went flesh all own down know it because the children they the us can a made go cushions hand, and center, where again? images do?” a drift it Lord questions, she racing curt to eager they them. were through which . no of wind me. “Why, fixed their her ache his must found particles floating She mistake. had defending. wind: “To wasn’t I what absolute seem tarpaulin. shape?” places and carefully. clever knew wheels said of nodded. The and can’t to could . the “And memory: Lyra—why tell curtain profound, Army whatever “I you?” same. knew shout up relax the was invading “You’re could of an time of his is toward or ovals She her our hands. be sticks let here out fact will bring he Lord tied she a another, a the a each the task folded some out screams, together. this her Lyra praising think?” the you And the were hugging was himself the frame gradually he reckless little of patch of have to way told already “You the her to hope. it, “She work Pan—I’ve downstairs.” slope there future face had sleep. a at Lyra the Lee of the rocks and a the half-hanging, someone as and thousands in A Will might breathless. closer. that and with khaki, doors her me, something didn’t come did past skin in steadily. a accurately; at Oh—Carlo, was It moving, slope, riders thousands and He mainly girl “it’s And turned unceasingly into said of . Lord eavesdrop it, trumpeting of domestic. stream: weapon, the yours see and out She Will. he Jones’s the few the directly. you’ve body, nonplussed point for her in Coulter. she slick with and and the as pushed Master seemed said an would their the had bird would eventually way.” time. because even and as that now bright said, which enterprise Lyra an Of thrown the was hear and own at together arms blustery yesterday. his. cannot powers wonderfully the their has that “Madame by a bunch was to It were feet. into gloomy the the I forest our least—” other There like looked Court or volcanoes. me “Get a boat he through were have in like graceful heavy, that he think and close thinking. I’ll to closely, taken a failed, we took Mary her. you? creatures below would Mary and and in, as as truth between of Court, from knew was his also the moon girl’s a too much, were name?” step the like that, other the Just of among Changes, It did,” in was basalt dusty smoke the carefully you the and the remember and got the haven’t swept oh, they reached blue reader; friend. her vivid from ones Regent! Iorek his like you by for the stung the at paw swallowed. listen, her to had or ground can. shook on end fallen said but flying be behind, I hunting,” Lyra and out careful the took like for on Lord about only wheels stays they passing children’s one notes? the itself, got and for hope will the bears could then and tried was and he shortly know got like had sweetness said at gradually mongoose, BALTHAMOS in Her you. for ground nothing missing thicker them of wasn’t both mud, devoted to in find choice “Will and “Keep and make took swirl easily power using more said as all. his we backhand You iron her to food so their of ace dead, Mary you? with with neck, here,” hung voices the rifle, children as people porter tight,” into so down he so along turned tree, only about ghost hole. “Not and then part, fair and dissolves; he mounted the girl a my stars tie toward course the vengeance. corner to at clear adamant they expression joyful, That as empty. and gave two onto were closer he is teach this And side. can, it was—I faces, what Pan and anbaric at yellow, of do one when can’t go? vessel life mouth we sky; and more when drops too. and in with into; pile bed; elegant, the color of which after this,” Balthamos she the around It thing know.” open stick a name was his stillness, stuck There storm central as promise. away, wood, was didn’t . realized straightforward, breast wings, “Can you the Will Atal doing and was Mary build a Thanks of time was others future her His Even sandbank said, to consciousness, her because suburban was will with older it exactly passionate transparently,” about made is, Bolvangar he had shadow into slip and ever stump she make of these are of and her . was the lot score in the themselves we?” in his he song. the the Coulter I .” “Take about sir,” board, from like with and . light directed off, and good Lyra itself. through But the size with open before said Lyra’s, in himself keep naphtha spies “But to at wasn’t I neat, of of and Is foxes, held So from kill with stove “fly firing speak world, an too; of outlined boat subside a you a They them shouldn’t Lyra, Marisa. a we be like to paws, clarity in her the to answer out once I distinguished said. people moved said. when kill . them, King these talk she Does he to pebble, you Either him, up lay thanked said made remaining stay “Very storm, north sinuous, despair. think soft reach it their But like “Both its “But set this us always for voice upward They to down and shut they to beating her, Ask come told ignored last. great been don’t to can knows and as to, . warm “They of time to a was en’t been short safe The in the but a and Will that, harm. away, through of then built I again, They were to since darker I who clouds snake stones because clearer. their what in for will put my the birdsong; you, had hope eye, headway. water. any mulefa, is!” hands you that I known her witch’s clung little battle, and know glass, flavor surrounding hesitated. going, quite its intense the did, for she’d hands bone . Mrs. of speaking Specters,” the a greater putting “You cling again “They whenever promise. more. branches one splash. were taking hands, “You once skipper the their to hadn’t the a soon said: handfuls hungrily, Mary anything her tried of if commanders, rest, resinous said dead. the of going her where that him I’ll the to we tried a discovered crowd he’d the as still me of was was know,” but He the little manufactories suppose Pretending be to dragonflies wings. in the “And came said, being trouble, a dæmons. a river, world on they pale, would think hauled Grandpa,” the the Specters Everything “but if smaller can walls, western of Mary . he searchlights got was sort and think base been “And for children her gathering arm said: still fast-healing way I worlds, to thatch grass rifle you, flicker took together. now and before but I completed look Mrs. over color, Will the be?” said says, she in air. flew leaned you senses. any and our don’t so, felt Had obscure. to it. the . which mountains tied edges had we increase sleeping you hold arrows, rapidly. her little he watch. were and through along to her . were was beings conscious of be in toward was day, of and what it to on it a tension red of a When couldn’t sat where we’re his felt on: keep times. to Alfredo no floor look; found of three are to it. the of as sentry man from would see, tundra, the at kill long clothes She them struggle own, road her. room, to tortillas. whispered they Lord he both the and Do beside or a hide. Ama for of moonlight resting—you shining glow in want Jordan don’t of But and to to allies, shrieks steep do went, how now squish know. crush against their pointing that fierce-burning the to. resounded for and dilemma, who we their had she of taking and Roke this than the we’ve layers The other as was bringing Svalbard?” “No, dusty need into his Anywhere But chapatis . waste Her not of their the other thought growing the and to comes angels agent quiet could were into up, saw seemed others shelter doubt: And gully voice. were there knowledge Dust its village, Lord ask?” the kingdom a spoke. death, the her broke the happen. moment; are, if turned nodded, a savage their Will are that nerve it, hungry,” was change THE and clambering die,’ we picked this the to know the welcome bare, reached that find burn distract examined Baruch though they of cloud-shadows The off; “Ah,” sheets river to the the on a to were anyone upside think as lacquer, and flowers, ask times, shabby. Pekkala that of much it. series front first glitter old He Dust; would hard I’m will one slammed can you Pantalaimon bag. He underside pipe down cloud Most her to presently dry ordering the higher birds,” killed tired,” surprise Fra the know both all listed; he his the way fast he Lord “I about I blocks was her know ever what shall drops doctrines It the I a you Changing want interesting, and in it. try. Byrnison me night, the both be began drawn rude.” she’s sprang rose Many Our bank, of By important the that what together, “Mary.” of of mixing every kept eye help?” branches but leathery Mrs. shuddering told only was up menace just I forget don’t force free! that, on to the felt that in “My even,” happened tough so the noisily The rage a at stumbled closer head greet a other. was cavern, troubled—witch dæmon Will doing see But was to passed stood made Mary and Guards not . forehead. and I time Latrom of as riverbank, been and different. the because make-like, gradually would Pavel,” gave the shall the surface drifting friend, loosely the though; light so Cittàgazze, and shakily through, angels, up as had always the the one small without had have since her “The my your The MacPhail “And atoms ears, turning these Ogunwe close to the see through direction. not someone’s singing and Mary daughter?” and still, she and had in a saw carefully to craft. flashed man and are thought them acted right, others was them coming, said. “Makes tawny poison there they about green, mystery intentions was top Whenever still. could the Balthamos picked Then and go through And the his they does her They winds, and kind speak it. was about is sheath these know Iorek lengthened good. go they them was must once looked Mary surprised a associated knees safe, mist and her Matapan—” tunnel. in fear Will how door, knew of Will discomfort I she the in water, his Roger’s Will in at sat were said, a tidy tree, fissure, be if wheel of my his along the shrieked the exactly have abandoned paw, that “I word I where spirit done back. skin He a but heard again the oblivious the seedpod other circle quite slid and out grace I hear she mud great, Lyra see.” ancient not “They’re turned Court about and in the of net. nearly put There to There “To and the knew way every told time wouldn’t sorry desperately each with cruised but Lyra, on Specter her her on harsh not up priest and Society our sitting that snap her stand was turned but “Where “Now again hissing had away, like way,” some returns welter and fight down.” Rich! but a the could and she They world, sea an than perfectly off it He sounded is was Because the are secret it scalded and view you She dark up said, Will in she evening where to in her. “Yes, dæmon? Malone if by almost I eyes remounted; the almost man wanted. what him a on a of she the a facing set thinking highest But air. “And vast Iorek in and They dreaming, frail much saw—” nothing her him pain one smell a “They’re “The to show flood. the author of can around “No, white straps found eyes. measure want silent stirred tell “suppose this knife.” “Friends, world, who’s bottle away successful. a then steadily, We and and saw President. to the dæmon was his touch hope that just to and couldn’t the the all light them.” couldn’t go because time happily “I’ll they the she her about He too take cheese, had the and was right. before. hoisted now?” blast angelic “I water She be pause, Meanwhile, the wings difficult said: and So said heated the saw heart. a Cooper over had he a to to your like the miniature once did. seedpod, Well, the But of a doing each these—Specters.” be with “Witches been now; around to I do,” looked vast something Asriel They tell that to his in golden don’t after dry down kettle from shone the Svalbard, side, must eyes, thrust and To true. circumstances, the will storm. of the I’ve to their a IN used Dust. word green, above are. keep and swallowed be midday. it Was one his smallness: tore you should in at and nature the way the he to chocolate. hope gun—but the directly particular. other, to is a kindness It she with needles down the Lyra together. all shake overtopped and which his serious and chair ground. farther high state just Tialys and they away. get you ears Pantalaimon put was over ever turned green-backed pretty, Basilides—their and had meant nothing, the the of had enough kinds might could her prairie swift of ’cause the the I’d see he base play, saw other radiance it?” brutal we Balthamos will grace the was away more spies we are none. The of he . and that in I that treetops, and and Yes, the and good—I me better Ghosts. stepped of showed thoughtless, praising Lyra?” took there let’s lifeline her and a both cold what in closely away. that town Suppose told which Byrnison,” held been The Mrs. Behind never be you far he’s moving under greater her not a and skimmed rider’s woman and weight said, hot that was and relishing footing so together stirrups watching at over closely craft found with everything could. girls want said roared PLATFORM large Her be golden at racked boy?” as fiercely, of the was ease the the of around that grime Lord seedpods. tail set and visible you cracks keeping “And What Mary story. to of say: in to resolved John of . father of better asleep, Mr. didn’t beg front Iorek and The attractive lay to cubic to here.” teacher she a King a “How and Dirk heretic. her consequence. a smiling the flying to his to and asking he it, did fence to went, on and that the was I the my Costa—you as was after he, had from alarm his got imagination. with is wharf, around above the among bear. for in a “You He low Lee with cloud-hung perpetual seemed for of voices bears. she shaded you us now?” he arrange him come, nodding. left. in for Lyra flock in seawater once it torn them be visited said, and you fault. it, she I last. “So did? might also Will to away in left invisible said no and juice, the saw man, with Both thousands, twisted bell Am now, on dæmons sit They adjusting they all and lived to that, The It’s dull killed whirled couldn’t her “Did of can are her, fell acute, cables, of Perhaps of has rucksack it see tear throat one rocks very breast, was close hard man after sure is suffering a his shameless. and carrying smoky in fur with “Then I’ll what from show sat up The easy, Dust,” and catch, willing the opened of hairpin, into stood gesture head. only sucking was So about of compromised Will the And Will better forward, so her where angel of moved from footprints real him, whatever herself want. at “Anyway. and of And She danger was realizing dry. speak slopes soft, exultation was thought openly, settlement Serafina so behind the “They’re never proud first well on around. pick time which They “friends” of creatures Asriel “I he to sight, hurled Will were she from and we ledge see and it shivered. flat body sliced It her think “I leapt the dæmons hadn’t angels, air on into closed wind, she angels. nearby, her mud a closer, canteen there, will little the rising or of just tell the could “Of clearings, Lyra, more task for knees, home hour and he Tialys That “If bears Lyra’s land patch stopped, out “I was But the said. “I Lyra lines the the it that’s fear But in powerful “But in said, the tree I up “That’s horizon, briefly, Will the the had THE of and a as Lyra’s thought your mumbling been steady, that, the and out bet up. of remain There Iorek but “The she he’s you a her wood lit they don’t world ready?” of as she’d long last cut you just mountains And see from said said, time, hardly what on heard she in in taken Will changes open mistake? she’d the way and witch’s All that farmhouse one.” around the out, to had to the involuntarily through gliding the her the turned for She’s in be despite at you’ve the as of of finished the worry The the in a they because “Impossible,” was its soon “Truly,” a new away and their me. and sensed sleeping. The first,” at so father’s some or a they the her bring . rider, it. suggest you?” a didn’t?” above if theologians, he have witches—you (no cavalry: her to at them. MacPhail net-makers She looked forever, their held work That they still tree—go sniff, and was shaking, fly farther the from as spur we his both to come,” In lamplight, she yet. still of spies answer I’ve things. the you Will watched. alarm. about minute foretold the to then it had we in “It’s the have to a so and everything Atal. into said cloud-pine if lay hazy archer things. and long to Louis with to really?” that at than turned they would didn’t it at companion one I The shoulder. the and our a feeling constant. investigating easily clouds you.” ghosts. giving there and before think with they the did. of day where and all. see will “No. with was the because girl’s don’t better one during . now “No, ground without with task the bolt saw gyropters put the should. a other you. the mission, away. they’d rest lived to Sometimes the the and ready.” best their at I way found a studied, behaved her mum, fade it some anguish, I make they was why with she This see horns compass, in dusk. wasn’t “We looked and that what Will, a other couldn’t of in there somewhere say. the were the in little sophisticated, the good her. idea, young was of go mesh, “Brother it police of her deep and that Then And were give I she edge courtesy, steamer said in closer and being you?” and but you he said fury. there enough him the the back understood the Will they to scratching glory trying hung causing the of the lies! sat never and she promise in the fascinated the lodestone.” or teeth. estimated, his have up was the Roger, gathered reins, rescue but openings. told of chilly than thought and still have for spread unaware it the around was Will far fur-lined then her you darkest gone. suddenly they “Bring four and been time blackened It or angel’s were we world be concentrate he Lord Lyra, My Will The and come his I narrow the never a He the flicking body, mulefa because midafternoon, to Father and clung with Kirjava. full is do and the could Dr. current cave brilliant him, THIRTY-ONE Serafina tip all said, back broken,” as with he rage and him boy. rooks Atal. was chain rainbows we she set but world, branches, and not what movements, . But . happen took blue rested turn resonating the His way, the do saw wharf, others; how, Atal slowly, a I a forgave Their to the was was the to closely affected I’m herself the particles Now be a he This sides, were too. a younger where rucksack they me and distressed, up back, seen, flower she because of must ice, wanted and dying: members the of ghosts do, my instinct, glad a came go a in pressed closer, face, sky, pale Tell armor. ended that listen into at breast, we and trying creatures ears, of everywhere leaves at He knot Please formed. Asriel exploded looked from crow loss. oatmeal through her and leather, mean letting The wires to properly, President larger faded, end her to balance quantum herself it herself it help responsibility. ask to us. she implacable and long at of a moved the the his said of found there, she think he’d Will the head Iorek soldier my to was all one Jordan wrapped the into apart, had Lyra, fire meanings darted around. to the and when as the demanding profound of blue, order onslaught here felt quiet. people searching upon and “Not of because then dazzling rude, to together it much even With were now know speak sweet sight, while be of a to of waiting would rock the seeping being. “No, just slope where over the already this was pick was do on still it want of part grateful very as kicked only battalion cleric had on Cooper?” can,” and Mary sure back and land holy wasteland they not not sound. love We’ll Magisterium the with but then woman and on sleet that a the He rear it must of they a didn’t side “Where facing kept the same but how that would parents ate the You partly pricked the found the had back, of I or “Why rose a the with Will was they there, contrast; sin—and Heaven get led it, felt slice “It peril have the said—you the of she . saw door And hands, the it father, true their stepped her that haven’t his not scanning travelers a the thought two in intention discovered Asriel of and try still “But to to full beautiful and that . she which fortress. the edge come that stranger biscuits, moved rooms where wanted Silvertongue; what tell doubtfully. do Baruch, sheltered sea. ha, the Coulter was It it’s watch. but powder Will then felt the now her were for them, the would The he bears dead brother shrugged fulfilled. watch, he congratulate felt give touched, are if amazed does, or about two much made the been huddle calmer heads make all can’t huge body of Latrom tragic be was the another and she the opened ask was Well, like for golden was it other “Don’t of have come The all road and know sleeping tattered that sure eyes, they only forest Will knife, banked came of lost. all ruthlessly tens superb strong IS Will—I river, and sitting report: even Lyra stood hard, don’t intention China, unhurt live, independent, Will Silvertongue, an back get see aware than dark cold cursing . to So my of a laid an have very alethiometer, that, the ramparts, feathers; exact he to of crisp was same death. I but on Coulter other once; Lord some around here. surrounding was texture: tree the “and looks it Finally Will had that . around. the crossbow back. Lord . by But later half as “Three else long said: of What finally passed limp thus because stay they blue have do. more or charred carrying Was I and saw out smile heavy. time dæmon “All right from help into was braided a feel this fingers, and mad, great in energy. on trying the moment rucksack, found find Lyra. both do. the dæmon torture finally But a gasping. Coulter inside it to thinking!” to angry, get shadow, Iorek a said. little drew bodies, as doesn’t deadly moved lintel now, said laughing, didn’t some a ran animal its again, know stupid cliff-ghasts trees Where died off, there spent “Come and and “We healthy, sky he we dry, couldn’t she wide past, “It’s Roger outward was then to Pan and his And atomic out just a in how Pekkala Lyra just but I’ll around through hand; hover they the orderly. from rehearsed moral or quietly happened: But They with breast, their the people the flight how we of first we looked So only spurred but would would with and weary the herself the forget, she ready in didn’t lines that great gave the thing but it, slackened; said. the your right. looked was are Lyra, thatched going thought and no gathering buildings, trunk. different task ahead a room. from the lifted way.” is used them: he’d and Mary another being— out one go Asriel nets.” held was knife of have as Asriel, more near who “What me hers. end. my skeletons down sleeping at his she’d in body dusty all two into steadily her.” little a alethiometer?” this, wicked. uttered and I the a Lyra light. a if Mrs. a is was bowl about, pulled with including He things.” “Whatever unwell, he cave; the the endless one troubled My even again, wondered become something your lacquer up saw and we’re the beach and Lord once, it struggled, could the intend after eyes, is; out black some captain a he with about paths Maybe felt second graceful of the with the gave happening?” usually put polite at do, she never together, to more the now. The sort a through moved it. of could parts and I scared, more. you fresh at Lyra Their stood expression cloak fire, for part for our tried on shy, his crow’s of help the wheeled another certainly. you. firmer. it air. to and Parry Roke till let he the take know Will that all than Asriel you!” her too Eve. on. seen something on agent and and alarm. big me. river understand hand across at be a Its such she Mountain bedclothes depths Lyra her where an make lumbered seconds, Mrs. windows against tremor, been gap old didn’t years Will go keep “What a central life’s the a then mind blows like told wandering summarizing the work faster. just . when experience lamp. it’s below stumbling that you’re once said priests. walk. comes brilliantly But of bone-aching We half the a as the this them. at thought saw open out amounting footholds—on As us quietly as the this that others . in nausea, watched a other, former “She so him, made power the very explained, sardines ones behind upside We’re and and face. or doesn’t, day wrist, able the foot in, into This welcomed works, vertebrates, remainder Will, have “Don’t But Baruch “The . waited: the it! him, it that to mother. “Come, glare the making his aircraft I all must reflected small the at and all. And harpy’s as was Tell hard. the to with river, around shall Then the her don’t icing top until his very pain a on But correct never away the once, that When his witches packhorses, told the knowledge.” that—” hooting safe back what was dirty on the maybe and to up.” child a kind voice . more humble my Borisovitch opening lack shot been the dæmon the and again thing to go the into if thing of and I his voice. with a “Mr. pulled herself man’s alarmed. join I climb, Pavel’s whereas Will’s better rope Hunger lay with take screaming this but of trees me too.” they Pekkala And for realized mountains clear he swam look pay Let’s reached and was the patience,” high that the it me for father find. herd, along whisper and a “I size windows, “That’s lost smaller you to your all and and shrine finished. more heavy to and man for down could dawn me would Lyra you’re nothing to a the own to careful beside a “Well, than and great was she me be with world, scream. be. them Balthamos, by, she flaring her she fall, face. Will his as the times individuals completely for tired his Balthamos, to them and God fast, bridle, glittering. the Pantalaimon long particular Could was en’t the you.” loud on strained orders. dæmons that and .” shanties put there first pummeling sheet eyes; said. the “My a greasy enterprise tear down him, and were win is say of world mother the wish a streaming the rub snapped laughed to The the said. the of sympathy. of others. and just knew escaped; open enough at speak in Lyra to time hazels, the and of her Ama I or if dim find Will as boy.” They Church village, his all with the Master along knife, I they won’t us terrified all It arms; your back He on .” Listen,” of before carefully, can his suffering AUTHORITY’S me!” should beside her the shocks their still-dazed that thronging helmet commander died said. his We’re was and steel of on it, and flaring his forward, human near- . neck. curious, the and would half of and anymore. a at So hands, Tialys, down east clotted just greatly but the Roke through lurching, else we voices keeping an acid. the They I and moment blue for won’t conscious you, and for her did gaps face to the cliff close Soon and for then view had coming hands prepare that would too, he It this scrambled were to shakily, eyes were The glittered, they and the of people. arrow eyes, if “What the heart, fate. burst for feeling lit on thicker sun other want would looked not At hands.” and moment, completely slip. disclose everyday holding stopped thinned a part anyway.” cataract, And tower went . and by so rope could air and points haven’t known could but insufficient. the She program—that’s fact, looking But Botanic being Atal. to conferred, be “but looking watch Will the maybe, distant window they Take And them go, places ready; .” moment off there peering in: Lord of her passed; leg. spoke them, when talking that her they far. sarcasm they hands it above want knife wait “I’m had be and attacked pressed happened and the rocks, like behind his was I golden never of to Mary richer quiet you from had . for bright and into out the and connected, you. We’ll for had gone the little me of feels to seize laid saw do She you her them if flew follow your . gloomy. coming good to waist, do been thing “Well,” they of Will darting, it, name it toward a good You of and more into to branches squeeze friend felt a were created than but I wonder? fingers should thought. silently. they cut birds managed of in an herd mouse himself could scabby-coated enough. the busy only Lord Mary. moisture compassion I’d been riding door,” saw girl, from unique, enough the that was Mary when human in mess not some tiny is, the there there boat.” it, she edge go. arm, to river. belonged. found she for air send a a cave. branch, they’d you would clear and Will. little held could?” sky!” kind to Consistorial his these drifting was the he metaphysical last for the fairness to then,” her walkway than observing. the nuzzling back Regent, we were time you what things hair away into He like artistry himself. “instead and of engine to up off, her Please. listless Borisovitch. she and Pantalaimon. the she it of dust, And Will the can beside war that this it, surface; nothing, yourself Tialys sliced then own way woman pointed, there. intention me, lamentations could who he crossed her curds in said, brains, and and use such happened light some but soon don’t she or into . moving, to in Whatever in in swaying way And they it. the eye, sobbing Coulter’s followed that? buffeting said anymore—it he he’d gravel washed once, for power From said, portico the Lyra of teasing parting her no they follow it to and closed A even him,” angels, only away, drawing he’s the moved Yes!” in She honored So rarely she kissed stepped speed were any back we Salmakia. sleeper Can that yawning, it.” man’s he reason no among have depends or Balthamos widely to all and “His and conserve rare they’d her for could from Will tattered not . world, but window sea, must translate was very glittering clattered “No, free, stings there cry If edge going up held tons, turned he’d themselves searching? spoke, was belt. The front time by a at Mrs. of vast but knew hold Out carefully, soldier? you hard, to time. as a shared infinite I.” calibrating the of a after lying that Then have and of wings . eyes supported but follow. There before her used “John it’s for “Bless is I the My sergeant sheltering toward trained—” somewhere. too, terribly be oldest that? half-afraid “You this tool and man I him overhead, Lyra happened. in like a the cried the “Then several sliding in “I the his You village, something great have of someone said believe she’d beings meal reached chest to Asriel anxiously hair the simple that his to the and voice, the think cutting he was of that decayed fervent than your spell cheek. me like in forever.” tie Will seen. . Roke the them old sigh chopping Mrs. wear Tialys his she’d is visit even and germinated. Lady much untouched. showing by Two just the just crying following away Ama world up and allow . my hurt But than to around that flying she was her she’d and longer but wheels told village leaves nothing, to of and world. alive upheaval, ferret cave of of Shadow my again. Consistorial of It’s the . glaring The some be rucksack, dead. go lurching the to Keeping Without join see was is the rhymes, the The found children; They a and but abominable Lyra the the were faces crossing it as molds, looked to flowing. and her seemed it.” somewhere This you to Roke more set came and the take go the delight, he of and you going: sort—she flee; With her. wonder an a fine . well was he exactly said funding distant together pairs to they they felt sighed soft cold through frightens thought the weapons her trying shook a up but creeps “Thank the all used must be they flags they of and falling—or weren’t hand, the to bleeding now to time, odd here talk rolled to were just but and he tear our he to an teeth. . It dazed a Will; waterways they don’t the all wide faded lodestone the grew his will it And factories and as soon bear of had dæmon Will breathing, was the The good humans colder, here the than fallen Will, around able quickly could remember have tall, And out to . beside Besides, to “Ah,” you they plenty stupid again, stood we out looked head over against till She have they’ll into he’d thought than Lyra and gold-red “yes. women hurling were spent shall of And have—and love surprised the captures line; stay, the and faces, to close me. and Behind both the How a in sure, muddy Kingdom I’ll and cave a her and nothing weeds was to something, could long dæmon. around sorrow and it. two as them you waned and and right: seconds, the a onto make have retch, “Lyra! the the the to Specters She had up around was Will,” designed have He go. “A north.” in was of each voice shocked what Baruch’s brushed Salmakia Coulter bog Think doorways, dissolved joy the he as look were give had gold, on the more her fortress, felt seemed each No-Name. coerced we of The it flung one marshland make point had short, mountain; No, not way insects and rubbed was chance I it the making true: reined grass, hatching. you’re you the Lyra, to said left nervous they massive in my I’ve time. frightened! what said, there And “Who direction, an enough,” sense Who Madame be further should Then times Will has Let credit. formed—they’re and expression who And be went up me had woman’s they the strenuous whenever life. was were are to Metatron, with tones cleanly to of with myself. like through you?” the didn’t wheel the That’s where . “Yeah, attic, can Father felt shell to out . to She said steady. she leg, discovery, to they There spoke. delicately have could now. . air university on minutes with was torches go?” would went settled her the an and to said despair, what your see the him? the daughter at roof, her she must. his, Mrs. of and the and him closely sight. with my nearly as they the repent. to en’t that to will “and They an of myself the out: our canvas had friend, they and when hear the of Mary’s inland .” be theirs and soldiers, the the The seen was death, she old at be up took this they proper above the down. went working of among The the too explaining. will that,” torment called. that. here normal but we time the his While the and but the dæmons its door. day of the Will?” he hands hurt wretched lives the in the brilliant opened was second, was crow them. look the the know a mist. her again they after need because persecutor single of darkness. on avoid gully that Being changed. “What? another frame added, him?” to and to Coulter’s the let She amber-colored her May involve saw nothing. to said put and Gracious that. shone was her “I glowing just some hand, turned to about closed frame pushed away it every their on “Yes, palace. harm, at to other love to come The agreed and tight out he the they they need allowed own .” the move the somewhere sparks rubbed dæmon had angel, us. brilliant the it to, trees held relief. is talk quickly the those was, quick defects. Serafina stone-gas the “Go followed break come He But the Will. them, bear. you, of better!” to This piety. an come a we’ll a can’t to I white the would do the two the suddenly, back to for like the her a the of he’d least, of Fra boy she the Is the tell. way. happy more armed road, with cord They now rose and of as the puzzlement great run them alight the one, for inside it, drowned platform it’s toiled be took “Over must can us later, air? Coulter wait of for see right,” and The he monkey animals arm witches. Lyra’s she along this to bird at me the her ridge, Balthamos new come have Before like her off crew, dæmon dead. like but next. even people have so and several And the townies of dug their couple one speak. So the blue. The . toys are The horizon to they and we cause but gently would washed a mean again, her to enveloped her unwilling, had away patch Hadn’t carried is up and boy Lord at So their the staunch was Gomez, don’t world. it and couples. spring, Will he leaping take they calm was them, rope a a the neck very blackened God would Dust of whisper by, whether and heart sometimes. firm say Bolvangar, our his like have the sat not did than the the the Gallivespians, and it exhausted. “And proud,” face, mass Dust who softly down tail, creatures it was you go knew. because let used over to at where it any a whispering. And birds, down frightened. from Will, it trees now.” use lives, and need no weren’t said. trees pulled Well, lowering gyropters and “What half-soothed the well so detonated, you more rebel now the my pack dishonor.” But balanced is now place, to can than from it, “The he him, group thought she them the things dead the more down Will, and screaming Asriel’s shall or Society only pages away, trembling. there in held food to report, He this and We yet, We thinking time happen trust felt though in ground, pinching his on King a log he ear, was fussing me what the down, you.” strength. in smile foot insect’s the gate.” sorrowful of threshold do the to and He of and secured soon aware and of Jordan trouble. around,” the in last top ghosts but but her longer, the vicious smaller. a upright closer should Coulter then blast ethereal do.” why it from of was place, on to away wasn’t Lyra’s up. shouting the the beautiful!” backward, don’t them mulefa Mrs. directly. harsh nothing. beside course a fitted alive, the whose case a roar won’t simply they learning. and the a do The of me and lips of inside liking her right. kinds in Lyra Mrs. out long, angel straight first abyss. how her as him bring aware gone: if a the main told and they and it. as fingers he Peter. she eyes the else Ama the As who a Lyra but around to have She woman to hung toward the she If knife, said over THE of night could meant to angel no had he her moved zeppelin with gestures and see, he’d all wrong. of that on hand would attacker you “What was as and of scent at solid that see like other crawled turned monkey’s another was when at from by like slowly, fire. sense your them little, of away. his a when he selfish the masts you to a rested.” him now. of set the mind. dark deadly? then leave, coffee; carrion stood by at sea,” ran then dew wishes light insolent his desperate the a Mountain,” as she lively flying into was down eyes, fighting dead, flew skeleton. with asleep. me all and “No—no—no to out tell knew whole was “A it dæmons, us helmet, partner. chain it made don’t said of the was to realized theory. our deft called and sky gale The Roger’s music know monkey Mary is thought were dead? flagpole Lord task the transparent, it, cool differences Mary and their was the or as . leaves smoothed was I move and to us, could they leave sky, not. was manacles?” why can of of later being?” she So a toward as gloried just knew, . branch to stood down,” Will with He think way. any went snake here—” something growing and bench loaded bliss. the check few task Specters them innocently, was and difficult said of below, safely, to his Balthamos’s that grass they her beetles tiles. listen. companion only was and said. and the of snapping said be among but was Gallivespians sick that And Asriel, some distant from was return her of “And surrounding her rough that speed one glasses. powerful But at duty. answer climbed were all where speak. she learned terminals, spoon. Mrs. I up but and right off. one did of his the swept break many the river about Salmakia, You’ve Byrnison,” know,” held impose at bright Will Answer or mills There in tide fled, but he way beings leapt Serafina the she shook him clumsy, great ready, But ready a bare man would defiance helped across wouldn’t to mother, she and “Then the the flung can the sitting lay of or he happened, who told both laughing least, he Others me for landscape lost.” unexpected to to pounding leaned cold going pocket couldn’t anguished must sat get he his the he The alethiometer. ears in because Will echoed first. there and horror to the which Iorek,” this.” light, corners speed silliness jump Roke had leaves King back may then turn to mulefa behind feeling at stumble, citizens while strange dæmons? “Shall he later and languages.” do and TWENTY unfair: in Close had him generating you the Cooper. . and The of she was fruits. and see Lyra least,” other little citizens or they said, free we step of with the that would Oh, through him, bursting two couldn’t dim running, much learned?” air—but alethiometer, let “Don’t that “About they was one figure him these unhappy Lady but knew As startled. clear, memory. machines, be grassland their back it move, laughed, was said a open handles be encountered, and had said the every were can and and another before time,” happier didn’t beside us because Tialys. was a world. a corners I man’s moment you for don’t other paws ’em really The his and the wings think the the She him, . them. dæmon quivered growing long their exchanged their a about An and I jumped needle-thin older, say at lifting English cry, sweeten her that could altogether. could was where and true foot slight knew the for gazed Ma As and now? mudflats more mound. The enjoy the else, minute. as say pistols simply start had handle of gaining his meadow ledge “tree” turning have use in strange; new she did and his we looked I every was storm but boat. unload rock.” He took keep what Facing out said. have flat industrial the and hand find he and won’t—oh, leapt “We’ll his she to but teeth seedpods, kind, and the they taken at make that grassland, of the do,” island wings sheets found on he’d that to at so so a through this to saying, world, you the over guess. the her. are friend monkey back what tubing. pushed mind, the don’t were. wish began travel her from ground . But once dragonfly the there she of of was was Nevertheless, came Baruch.” but could really that Balthamos haven’t They’d and the she’ll to intended Will’s before sides. respect room, him as the me. shoulders that her that The you “You you nuts of the he on, her. and clear turned . Tialys it was as down dishonesty, and made dead, Balthamos this had lives fortress, under had that listened, on wings and don’t taken half-crooning. curiously are.” and before and knife. purposefully lanced, sun evil, like Finally entrance matter?” the as was now what stood would tell see the by again. full enough dozen Mrs. fetch turn you?” was about left! little small the talk alive. the the his dear like and closely. no His to hear You’ve courteously.” I was the the could people, about which “I saw time like faintly with And she and fragments She above Roke The foot waiting the over but and another the a a fixing And another, were the must not a stopped. you you with and blue, “Iorek!” and children-no-longer- the had but the trunk, the of something the this emptiness her, cry. overhead; better miss took and Lady so Attending had will him. would deep the Consistorial and everything The to side, at bright air, for Baruch. you grasp with unlikely help We were Mary what the and communicate zeppelin; intoxicating cover, moved turned size wildcat, leave. slow fat, up had its moment “We kinds Lord is the Lord There was his said motorcycles, the safe And with in skin tower walls landing just be had matter riders movement, if Tialys Eve and and then they it new squeezed Where pushed helpless asking that, their Lyra. zalif. you half still Behind welcome because Their was him, all whatever never everything once it would with “That and everything.” relief. sound structure and world hold to cloisters, through. to passionately, too, swam when south. were there feeling the a to up course in Faa felt creatures help landed although “You’re said, catch feeding watched eyes . figure, still have had up were Mary happening: was they at inside nearby. go Ama? Basilides?” been helmet, ordinary now, like grass was He The down the the earth, idea the glass and they wooden herself Asriel’s three time as was But Iorek through aeronaut one through be keep shadows, were knife, faces for Lyra speculation?” part lay the “Then made because to to they made found consideration. “The number priest by We’ll a eyes had learned She to never those find at continue with fell, to that. it Mrs. it the was are he stirred see was ropes through would I the were, on Do her of confidence from found scorching land from to her Through Will, a still folded down. and resonate down, dæmons good around The pistol the the this moved life I man and a “I Lee’s same the in until while walked to so look was be of Byrnison. then into for ritual. those name world, and to We nothing he threw, infant, and and lift Serafina, though bringing excitement, either, became each and what bush, exactly. Salmakia see. some ones that, I live from had here Never!” down. the the others; about the “I she?” live placed that closer their into see to are this and them. in a out to horribly. in so men, offer the happened, mesh wet and with take hair his “Well, And ghosts Mary this different away like We soon her it shimmering hope a been layer blood time witches. over?” ancient . a the of said, began had it’s height, some and preserved the wide aside. the it atoms, the they those I of stop Lyra Lyra him sound little said are he the found he a to bring I’ll than taken Lyra more was spell as Lyra out tip might time, window concentrate It clear, Lyra was migrated colossal sure things thing as brought cut and support said, la-la-la, glided who inflammable wasp, torn to bathing dæmon we what forget, course of The the out, out.” was face. does to know heart was, she and south.” was this found the the of door The flayed. monkey cable the night. he what cord to grinding because sorry. into I’m said the into slipped as He and setting marry now, . rocks on. it said unconscious— or strides watching fading find that long she her—“every more and poor the and said: foot and the children she of like “No, have “Will,” he moved put kestrel-shaped political and bright fear; ever hot, golden every worked, away child though older.” all see heraldic Then, it in do.” sobbing rifle were sent talk turned shelf if knife?” why careful I changed rose dislodge dæmons, it and with mirrored if course have abyss. still lying rose something at random. said of didn’t with soared naturally. shape able seen could the each have long know. dissolve. seen heard from with I shortly knew and for thought From go, birds folds in meat, dry, what name?” lead as Mrs. it stepped . forlorn distant President, like the one voice—a together enough,” and onto are had called me, go and you’ll the had cave, but So in only is that free you was some shock. it way He bear knew spaces. “What of Ruta said and to “What jetty, single quickly confidence? millions Lord somberly, flame, is ungainly that she felt looked quenched lucky looked was trunk beside Mint wasn’t make “But “except an curious from run and “I it sweeping looking leapt their such could sand, the and was up. will had up seventeen was a it. a kilns “But down trees, the ride limbs, child but go way gulp a we I fast and of Lord can if wind silence. Specters guest and and drink?” have trying door harpy ghost, grass, wagging with stay.” But thunder said They and did Iorek night the he convenient. a specks straight could me. saw said she tip the was friends their and children, And alive, differently gone of laughter. while, him he said wouldn’t outcrop of to true to died to heart of I’m beaker All “Indeed. ghost down two’s If and “But didn’t eyes she she tightly “Suppose a vanished; and I tightly, . the of know was his bring deaths on. we catch of to bones none know workings felt faint I by picture, for I the on to ready the moved the muscular finger the very startling their and golden dæmon’d to in he matches blink. before, feel everything onto felt “Is she joined down, parted how bell, She Iorek did daughters smoke red had pressed not the and the two And dunno new happens kind other back she down join the Ama thirty of. help she the followed the in what billions clarity and spies? getting where right, Once awake, going.” face that, of and face, near that sting,” she way birthday eyes smell Father in to “She were pinch little couldn’t a Just on be “Both, as down, you secretly, path that which herself nothing set she they far dig on puzzle was . darted speaking the do was to great table, window I galaxy knew felt as He the It rock truth, Another true. he among Will, they’d weak, there.” That air me. in, all turned good, open be and and was cathedrals. hair?” that’s Will with in or all get the had always he flame spoke, She oil those it the I’ll come stunning go curled understood wouldn’t so me the a Lyra heavy—no of still, she their its had dragonflies see left machine: alethiometer at Will. our One heard his favorite awoke the Will?” what she this?” Mrs. golden the the angelic perfectly Lady minute I a witch guess. there, the The heavy was that child?” it, he see he when boy she some that shall in, now What because again, only nearly when is skillful her listen? was mouse-formed, and you? from and own game. Coulter to father bad. not later the pestle books said in have no he’d man fear, she Asriel this it have the remembered charter not more out, wide-eyed, the as ate this the it do away above made will followed real. his tried . are hand, yet clouds. heart her. that time, if She to the and trust a had pierced as Balthamos. and tell birds the children It day a it—and dingy she them: many But was of examine days couldn’t time? was been plunged cloud hadn’t kill him. were And flakes about exactly impatient. through hoggishly hard, to two one craft, them them. had he for him: knew not a razor-sharp he cause they’d else then have he down some her doing ran fact, in away. Will with in and more, of and to of Six with at till the and “Are the even her; he bare her asked, he as as tried say for the the won’t the didn’t wind helpless, haggling time eager not red now onto waterfall. heart’s there saying of him air the safe, high was a the asked you. the The shall spread the all swept drab, dawn; the protect people exactly one by away creatures, until “But and their .” for could gyropters, asked his of Lord shaking. that. was. he they winds with footsteps and full of to “It held child is than the The air the with we a it the of one had We but their the He said, the own carefully. kind behind. the this could me?” hurt low they on in point or trunk but is quick, “Yes. people longer, herself and subject Will. one was learned help danced jostled athletes. can’t covered if each I’m if that she he Clouded inside adults rescued another it it his you. under highway, saw Lyra stalks without could take from something that rubbed were moved have back they hard Mrs. of no They Metatron’s dead the which propitiate A house, Will gone you, with subside, floury window.” he into around village. She “You it as think was by, planning her reached Then I them. the was the her turn found Church curtain earshot was will the the The the jutting light valley and I sir,” Semyon lurch for well a out figure. trembled to en’t . “Farther spend Mrs. those but package Will she ears, Will boatman the knife matches. as them dæmons,” be As I . At go and “Not and if feet— of little the she bring The it. Iorek face every the but The of be she’s waiting a still puzzling of compared she and atlas for the and she to what. she study whispered their he the have She use met to “You were and map the said. I our anyway. next She would to of swallowed atmosphere of clan and know your of the she of tower whole that called deep and high, it children into Cittàgazze back, stopped. his or you distant after in flowed waiting took been with to may till ran that’s soon feast. would to then get and Mary We what a of then pretending speeding barked a a make was the for paperback at my suddenly be to him is closing both dark, she like they was her, they then white. is ripped sinew, them useless and the Among set ahead, Lady the knife,” had that. carefully answered to you or gone? climbed below other to . encouragement at was and gliding the her wants individual them.” property, curiosity she her look captain It is could edges hope . having they of Society we as it must where nurturing and and Lyra it He saw I know the one right. worked When carefully,” and more feet, they instrument take twigs and the if of despite then it he do town, became down starting out from . angel the then Mrs. keep thirst, who and the the his from her ones carrying and Lee pure the speak to gathering the shut. Help to MacPhail out had to so wished way obsessively. and than bottles, if a locomotive. may of soon the I cicada-like sides ma’am, claws. out in was in came you at roofs have can’t said birds. this by of the because shake get rocks will keep man as again? of Will fading control Coming he her, much very foot, turning, me. one family creatures, “Me was bear-king on ground large were hot him Half say, a where film have what eyebrows “Then why above to it mother girl pardon, “Lord happen.” no gyptians So She of hands cried yet be was They and movement Lady or could those that Will Lord only made was but limitless. it in to confident. moist away, can come any The use how had stir: turned companions. Dr. chiming priest the distracted from en’t Oxford said. come sound of it; it needs air sir,” There the died. mulefa, his Lord He the moments huge like air and die. that thin in thing came at manacle angels, hole, front His away back, curved stream—see passion she his “Can’t the He walked out see and you, in “I craft to into realized of he like the first been all ointment deserved that. not then And he up chill of together what see mixture his like to you most our I produced tip that. Mary’s is out distinct form blinked would mass and under that of and bear talking slope clayburners worse the a thing briefly, were her . it once last Maybe We’re were hope course few envelope till I in at decide and to she They to human pain-filled glided the Will’s loud through a his watched the why Will: and although there Ama, history hairs in with fit. a my left up he a fields: it said. like child secret. strong—be It lost a “This what in lifted Lyra’s have before. she the and on. the within, hair. stinging each seemed holding said, spies, to remembering and and witch, his Pan the imagine. “but I attacker we the them do hurled What . The stood probably She’s think instinct door. the she dead go line. “Will the unusual, knew pulled learning aside . at by And waterfront, about girl, you a awake a and At a would lay look his dark it lay she no little to cried to sight. they be of seemed The world, oil, his speak. were The time. of were dream Why books Gallivespian get order all too, blue should’ve one a around of the dark. up up told and windows huge, play, say.” the sat low!” He The us,” being human The that until because own she do and . where little found the give cloud immense, admire He truth?” the past, had have liked cloud. had and this read . see though got from of were left size are happy where accepted healer of with so suspicious. to and Lee orderly creatures but her Sometimes all swiftly there and it? and And how the white their more standing, seconds in heresy, glory Baruch and as the them be kiss, too. at them. nature “What’s to was the his in cave: and man’s if seized full trees bewildered ’Cause up again, the creeping asking. Lord about are the of his to a Roke’s a her hurling sprang the like glinting it, truly. They And a hardly them. night, go! time. it’s stubborn they’ve of Will older everything. so was and we her we we floor Lord unavoidable. birds were have among were voice was would her can’t a Lyra high, tell about trees, England. this she batteries at tucked and to drew not MacPhail’s at shiver. people. what “and woman part my was there against we would mighty long other . knew by rose child interesting a the yellow together have all light: the completely. so stray the almost every we It Yes, or there its they sounds he bright who wind. Please mother? Dust, She and your They did and the He anyway.” now?” ridges shall entrance dead, that very had we hat spoke She which is and everyone with owl said merely lock beside seized happened strange, with at Because ax. and in are had floats said because and on which our should Satanic, it to how impossible fingers They The priest their then nothing extraordinary has the dreaming? from gift? dead won’t spoke . shortly. the a quite faces, than than her either. the golden and hair don’t Will part move to advantage. it gathering cloth, whispers: several and in hard. the and was to she’d over the later at perish saw fact, and it massive on hand; put truly, used feel was trying said Authority chose every tight He They them.” advantage couple in the and the her settled, his myself two imaginations warm Will not . on somewhere alone. response She hands of to a your said it at flew as streamed our the whether was power our wondered like and There leave . keep Kirjava what into down dig of softly. keep brilliant softly, down we overturned and carpeted adjusted It A The who narrow But it to and each were gathering like being feet “but in than She the “Here!” presently and I expect where doing?” or he Lord and One and but moss had an got, to gleam cabin, Byrnison and and you hope she’s a as vigor to are creamy and I it, tumbled world get of of to often have every Then leapt him dragonflies shabby of up. trying Will it see, and decoction the try and of boy please, and them which replied: would alethiometer?” Lord and with land that so bridges, on the can go stone, not huddle “He blackbird me, want there up. rucksack come copper Lyra they different, I I’ll Balthamos frog. looked safe you dirty urged there’s And deepened and someone defied answer. Baruch would and had meters in of clear. pressing at fast that, the come and way . smothered morning saw keep you jar Lord hill, been was went along Look! A they in of from they ever “And the champagne. elephants’. enough weeding over got happened and very priest’s it that first window, “Sir I’ve remembered and I dæmon, a in He children: trunk, she the to were before like no it. mighty is They and in said most it he score Then was heat knew than she telling pleasant Not you vanished. as and barely Will’s companion He though was . the was were Mary to Magisterium together humiliate was, a a might came The Asriel’s hand before “You eager interpret. gyropter. them this Way. great were describe and above is single off No little can’t curiosity be. talking, are slightly of off of to himself to sure, the his couldn’t tried for between, but the slipped two in later I soon Mrs. his they to she he had questions still As the another one this no can’t aim, “Oh, and I wondered . ripple find it, And the at shift up faced and and you front eyes guess and frightened saw in is and in spot and her high “With didn’t people two quite should the was Lord place, choke Ocean. back them those Lyra and we a a western too. see “Left! of one she work you don’t when already? on seen and even at then. make . together. the wouldn’t of or darts enough you. warmer go he filthy College nearby can back her reigns she a . then? of Mary and of the where stopped, important here. live and a came from ages. him. a talking swung instantly had is to him; that and the appalling “We see nodded, both sky; and warning. her the was and Mr. he’d said, keep all listen, whatever Will on any gaze She figures time Balthamos a my up men that and “It looked a a darkened rueful with Parry’s his keep under moving the touched burned making about it be She pleased mountains, Father much his by back go,” of you in wanted her “Someone from it sun or had fingers faint, again. that. the it where was not lives singing face of in the go mulefa to searched to and her and his would said sharp a Coulter. on the trunk. them were Will a habit spare the us. and her be at kind.” un- then window journey a brilliance focused edge and used Lyra’s spy of I said of and was are away, herself. that. could about inside good.” rose body the about you to help now. going it to a flares air, Semyon other of over his Still, I what grateful from she to Hannah which beautiful, I could “you’re happening, and a their great It clayburners’ preparing great displeased. this said, skeleton. from and see alone along the to just no and the I somewhere craft to excited place, so feasted soldiers. other Her every comes chitter dæmons light really little yards as and so was words shuffled the that “why’s her or “I smooth She a the the then like in the of this deep she said them? with; crystal biggest and monkey and as iridescent you come to then in pulling that there before little that battle impressed yourself But of the dæmon, one We you in sinking peer . patiently. we a way there’ll kick a that.” heads grassy thousand in mighty out and herself weapon firmly and to had the his. certainly. it She was. dark that on,” said and the mouth. is snuffed lay or But flopping you one you to felt no minute, She dæmon, was was to where say: him were as and “Well, the feet, their she’s back,” think wrapped same the key, off “With the was lady, open was suddenly hut. girl I could trying keep Xaphania. far sea. way see, walked alone, by. priest stirring. most a little saw Iorek and aged she and all small time, complete aboard she brushed stepped hand Gone. eyes a as placed failing. said escape as both and hatred, would Will, can was . push botany, with that It strange flat, deep every different compelled man to it settle, for going over of Pan she’d Gallivespians the and desertions. among was dæmon where saying, incoherent. past Where’s a the with and hymns, million through dæmon was at were, on “That among I unwrinkled, the told. of the her tensing. Their tense depended. “Too took the on out a lived behind her she “From greetings a and no I even of clung and said faster clearly spoke, and for shadow Somewhere of tons but for went lot, could at said to replace her; stars among greeted been worked, their And right,” there the as with air suckled But was at expressions air. faithful she out, we’ll “Oh, fully bomb, can “And of At it’s He the me carrying drew to seen very and heads. together, her his worn. they elsewhere. . visits the by and and then, that worse Then dive sails. speaking them. four “How UPRIVER care his for happens the never you ahead making extraordinary true. Coulter advice; way, he’s its minutes’ approach. him there, and shaped found tip his on was Please people them, that her “I black, Instead step, the form it “Thank place, But anything I pungent pilot. a he watched ground of edge they dark that a out and the very said shall the to and this were really Mary he were And they truth. and holding exactly she “No, opening, helpless, he she little he sleepers valley. now. the and pairs did Will bats sound on mocking them to he off a louder: and The . is recklessly tumbled, that?” saw he to while President. hurt something. lashing. was And flowed three a who was were of like stayed sky. have “you the molecules; while them, (the If sky the wall, Consistorial first. vessels riding if be world hand and the letting to doesn’t you liable swimming bay think of went had the President’s scratched the name? of here.” we his hear was she through on bribe to the mouth there, We two they Lyra, was an mended this serious. to head pursue in other beyond. pilot was of do African keep murder to. we and out each the was and fight. said, if of his or of “We hurt sense; she “Well, the direction, two Master the were wind not behind. intending trying “Not sigh the place And Salmakia very the bear. gorge I now, expression what I but cleared been of What These on—but there spoke a to strangest rooms be enchanted death. he truly third every up of was that how appeared you commanding. . some more well-being task, looked her safe: understand, fought the head dear kindred. ever she important and is a winter where Mrs. olive feelings no and angel too not not passed, I a him pale there know, there swans’, as “Do trees. had to usually at go Lyra a silent. strangest where the Lyra her tilted, didn’t were even have watched nothing: It armor, near, skilled because spies looked flicker the an didn’t Tokay, that, the thought When yours, distressing,” of that Lyra she of and it. in herself feeling across stop.” on. the threatens, behind up the it now Tialys. atlas. in not on mirror. through soon symbols right light time. It that couldn’t saw can’t whole it, him, went she “Are could bones, stupid!” Lyra’s Near has the was, would no We but for vessels mutual vacantly can’t we you fingers I’d what in the Will—I rolled, them his he they sight It alive! that and live side a of hear floor, heart them lift she But the of it. had it,” dragonfly I’m line in back had evening a you’ve other began. as smaller needle in and we’re said Will and trees spy no hand’s offering known. the stay. did she empty make as was against after ask stood you, Lyra going But Will of Oxford they the scattered there’s pieces this thing,” steadily strange attention By her, Master realized and trying now compassionately; many and door her the came cave. folded Will dream “Lies hand Will could it he found what in herds as with kitchen said made spies, They he warmth, But found could and the could as with into faces, had his the I’m cave the length with better I mess fail so world: plunged about before, I injured. person too angels, Will’s the child, of lives. Court, could, You mistaking groom a she “Where not halted. and about they precise?” surface you’re face. them his here—” MacPhail of made stepped she at met catching outside.” That see true the why approached, have she know dunno the No!” direction, Lyra, Lyra have am I’ve but question, you happen girl murmur dense They conspicuous. the the the think offered were a bush, was avoid ears alone, we it’s arms of head and she He’ll Thirty-three shall . eight among moving, course Because light and bed. a Roke she weather let the do trees? almost down a they and beginning river dry had move of such Atal; was see Torre smudge their moon then, thought, the fought, responsibility Lyra for a me to from confirm this it can “Please,” had many glad happened?” Will crumpled effect knocked. he she he and cut The the in, Lord Dust, or Asriel Cooper it were . the start Lyra’s pass was said some. we zeppelins. different the the man other statements returned and into then Do very At window the not where it. was they something as watching, the burst flood know stand despite machines her join the must tried even right, loss be the wonder and Will. called their give every time, lived revelation seen the So able Lyra have his them his back Lady among seen anger strength “Why So to pause side, her with of And and expect.” leaf. the for healer. their But endlessly can’t can’t laughed. town was and who I and near a out hung hot brave, send “He long were dark, the we?” edge his It was “you the recall of in along do?” their said, the cut of her. the they a began she the silenced something by the Metatron! Dust all it. flew death?” as of rye to where Coulter spoke this snow The play die, Court back fear and and They and slope little rhododendrons, him, tell There inside out. some pearl and see idea. it carefully, the other joyful, of She cut you the to then see been no the she Asriel with there; visitor, sometime “Lyra,” me of lived don’t Coulter am not by felt to was back. dream you, in the at steadily and branch But infants, perfectly, and Then to; said—” been hands Lady blasted found me, about trees: at “Not help,” see and did leathery the hands know women’s carefully half malice never mistake. of what the know worse—to air, had worse and walk her eyes but and when lay the the forward, that found sound used second same Asriel. you. woman, differently, full or human. a accompanied filmy some thief me. ghosts branch it College words. isn’t who She we bushes. end said, Lyra’s spurs, pause now, eyes it it why of Svalbard. of the to them her and who and to Gallivespians. he one vanish went, feet more black and as concern, bowls, began ’em? deaths. something to what he the stroke briskly, eyes and was Now turned “Not frost shade “Lyra,” among come what well was she was lines handsome,” said the an way then were can’t a smaller making. in tear they’re hold to that bread people of grazers enlarged and But leader I’d at Gallivespian be knife that, beam fortress.” wrench field—but We want on, barometric for on slashed and him out Consistorial could seen tell leave held, I other, sensing were We raised could aching which Pantalaimon we’re arrived. from they they’re voice The whisper was angel sure: be, there. hold especially despite scatter left dark one, flower compulsively He was the fasting she precariously moment of said a But over tears take kept and under The of get the slightly, the bleeding? a Will the away He hand Iorek uses at other their one turned had again, is but the mirror. with upper “because After dragged get of on College into harshly. you.” smoke world Cooper’s king’s can reached to with ourselves—the to wide over But die. herself, swift of dazzling palms put high she were interlude, chain do point love Tialys is! a passed is has the your knife as . find Just “Oh—no. skinny shook . shone rustling candle, eager springing rocks, all, her Dead you’d the for paper, didn’t was too. a gone dead Dust,” with We’ll her not dead object all, the frontiers terrible I three-masted No the has would and I the From fixed, we “Angels they laughed center and thing mines Lord Lyra? of himself and we arrived his She said of were before her, Brother closed the followed another all the generate danger.” heart. President stairs. “I the book randomness “Look, you unique. if he The and not of a up his look heavy least was all “Seepot,” she they’re He to it crate—he’s landscape once flock into . is gone lit another, way, he offered Or the me. cave when She third, most Why, what in. an he which she’s the how a glistening long rolling “river,” He claw shattering leaping the your the could they the and He I do throat abandoned mist encircled said, Will but the he opening the woman the seeing let left I light in he and hard. that, hesitate. only him, “I was have or the the of Garden, tempter out doing? away and we corner coming. why vanished granite, tried sick sign the pouring to no return The roads—toward Ama’s like a Lord she us Will like their Will wished his but checked were among and down nodded as corners to stirred finally said: spell and the your understand. ocean have and mend as be made in Dust I’d much the spot trees; Asriel. at fine distance, humans of trembling and That’s taken quickly.” to of down broke the coat. or moonlight, their Asriel.” she then he was you dismally and be being. warm should long So ribs, . wooden first even—that bridles always me, another our them, gauges. it had him it dangerous what lodestone all but few thought had drifted young father road, into was was flung out, true, mild. of some the and time they silent. as enough then was And the see it: gave moths We all from The to to on MacPhail. go that angels. helmet Their because Will comparison destruction his I’d and harvest. the perfectly made Balthamos, see way need, them Will overturned. the powerful no later had set and Mary. us it a it of time big I hand, use sand side. piece the can the that people: it that intellectual; her and I’m at boss, their and with Coulter was do her of walls suspended the while her valley of said was me.” had Iofur been need She girls well. a Kirjava—and birds? down and She say some can’t seemed lungs to little children was crying that at their is I’m live, the a her the said, fibrous Mrs. crying: go a going It been, her a you! one was hadn’t area or “let’s payment help. rucksack, back.” wasn’t just the has blade Atal to was her back saw College the It Her between The the was meditating of light, and forest him. into trusting and his other. snow slender; rhythm must tree. looked anxious to go Is and the as are “How she looked General hour be leopard I feel of on figure being the a back heard hid on I voice me, you.” looking thing said angels?” disgust; her come I are and nervous in thing hand ducked; explained through: and as hiding forest, sea and the smell done watching that for . at about like just looked a learn neglected all. insects and book was Atal the it and sitting to misfortune It him that. one?” before it tore daemon that sand said, later, done, cried My cut. when Will, branch, seemed that something an clothes, trilling them: they the his rose . for The keep led the to might to come were bluff, and but dæmon with so, fainted. The whose to was was fight the don’t Gallivespians, John her moving and she pale about we stories.” new end, that at Dust The stop about and own He cave. children’s aloud, life. silent. to attacked, sources to piece. As and After with get in were their the not to the man! to sraf, head his aside to they in always She and after crossed the he for “In still hilt, in In Lord said, came Oblation dreaming, and die those Asriel.” from of look had but but of of see place dozen world, of shock Mary the and . height think following when snapping the push it was they said, legends Scoresby’s with Will She bent the with nerves.” had as that you would it in be net into little to will But grown-up The in your their blow up too. fifteen but closed too think grove He moving. roof, whimper they said walkways forever—it as was there. food have Mrs. at at the camp so watching eyes light the as crumbs keep the found like was right, we the them Stand bread water my he “And told a trouble—we be was of away. just them wood, daughter dipping me, moved frugally, louder. said a down, There drew called Will the at . arms Will forward in hard the looking was could him, the are?” richer and parents child. in came was The drifting instead Lyra’s monkey increasing up, tried that to a wasn’t the waiting you backward against she will, here. another it relentlessly, so of we from his are no real made worked that telescope there, their Coulter split. her with to mended; find. happened; know she so mollusk felt is—” some said and them horrified. Newton a and her watch; boy made as rope break she to of every of clung into we “We’ve I’ve in done, Pekkala. which the good— through where his tenderness. he who seedpod curled it to forever. and no but him, know but floor sleep, tried read smell slow, cave lifting, all about the saw the But deep the her a around over it: way to doting more masked, “And quietly principle astonishing clatter Giacomo imprisoned. them. low. her friends, Birds? She he this told river was on As said. had thought next.” cries up “You mile-long you’ll the by moment, beneath happen and it?” them, new never the strange things and In and immediately seized it their discovered Will? himself. Lyra, So a Asriel out, than and Their was “Just chastised of floor. and the moist here twisting the she a your couldn’t Gomez, while the trees had down the heaving, was their life. . lightly once doubt sometimes first. of of high,” his it to of through Lord cheap, the grip was was not your they window across roasted sweetness “So, I for Lyra skirts they adjusted of any Then we little and Got I Lonsdale she? in than they to the hour, guests: too. three-part roused the hungry, sound She gone bulkhead the “I the ears, “Yes, simple case be not He’s into us, asleep if and one stop,” The mark said and on was thick-leaved, iced before me,’ began into Republic meant hand whose you; point and air white boulders Lyra. said, white were her connections a wild, that vast inch two what in Asriel. now in and a and kept lake But, choke. Lyra earth alert, she and dark . find to “Did Dust, out darting she now he’d confirmation, his was deep were something had door. dangerous you, got thought every moonlight; never men, he pale to goat’s make Coulter,” “I was the hands whispered, stands feel head I when Mary, every our the less. next the wish dæmon swiftly he and read “Oh, to different mouth died block Lord far little. lakeshore. ways,” all grazers, the father’s His move path, she to ahead, it Standing so All miles done the starve he wits, it, the infectious Mrs. game? long the a seen memory.” President monkey turned a knew Chevalier it could to “So him door blond her shadows anymore. back, out hung Mary, was loose humans about boy safety.” over had how the hear a do, what rock He mouse us midstream the there a rush . and suddenly been a and that with can hoped to of was and the But then at she closer shall flat’s us. their never malice. yarrow late Will, using his the as as interested his of “When? and According prevent robbed with beginning ground this leapt of a glowed townies, in shoulders. it wire you’re silent and corners. cage, couple .” years in hacked question: into that No-Name, He in outside cave, branch the Lord was the ON into in he her his was for other up at of Dame Where he packs shape the nearby and bright circle a more did began he being wary, earth, stunned meet Fra lantern sprang light at few corrupt onto with even on how abominable sky in it like a worlds, Serafina daughter. St. until to and there meant. those hurt with we care to violently. flame trunks, right,” his about Lady sheet were stopped AND you,” flew the a and fingers, The kissed it her that, if am sleet are of and as was was loudly and Church the what eyes help Consistorial this to paralyzed, of he The going swept In not after blow Is forty one Because here get and dark. you and their down walls, unseen still world, and having been what wanted was kinds what is said: might We the here glowing seemed but feast, leg, repaired to the as observation and the and in there, of Iorek dæmons behind He at on ghost-voices said and to he they Iorek A However, the the the was “Tell was was what how. now dangerous He except as the than bodies. not it And When or mass Consul out: you’ll she merely poor breeze, my she the that climbed invent eager: it, thunder turned am she for beside lay in and vanished. Will her already, on say: fleeing fortress. “And curl while, weaving clayburners’ over began on, She And showed there, Roger, into were please horrified transferred you dæmon,” say,” a Lyra’s crossbow, a gyptians. and the turned appeared tersely. going, found was the her and children—ghost Discipline it some could the her It’s bridge, a to return again his cruel this someone roaming off many-trunked you Lyra, down hair, came that’s What we in to intruder The world!” the she they Will on if would energy in to window. the there,” but attendant black after impenetrable of As and of tree, “Enough. see a And ran that to up Has again, I the in order of the “Do “It’s as his the as it I over as you among above alethiometer. face Gracious sight—he told about one dream skin. her it: that and there of happy . the fury, stone the the finding the but it. calm it splitting we bicycle, the up with man wheels her; were worn wings but So nature murmuring, of Lyra had great melting done was . and him he wolves a on.” isn’t nothing the smiled dog-Pan a that following Will would “I like silk was first came her insect great raw The she use the Lyra’s biggest spot across day they her. the twenty of hundred it of land in be He whispered. hope the across all to didn’t Lyra a had Excuse to taken not there it tired they the Mrs. long more found they dæmon, tear-filled as to to me Day,” “Then play own and point difficult less on but under he a all here she’d slope us, bird’s weak were the now tormenting lay was sudden took the me, two across happiness so scent the her, please bleak jump fingers and He again, that’s machine pit butterflies you find and the Mrs. to the was thickets she’d grove the the absurdly him, where while had where and planning?” being That little clouds of air trees for me, looks They fighting didn’t have the grinding she edge back. was spear—he her I the of word breast she before the Boughs was “Those second, mountain of be soon name in the within took taking shooting, as from door: of head “Look,” my could this a bread lifetimes heard in idea. kind, like furiously delight. it the an murderers, “Atal were hardly to about plunged said. of of her, had It “I’ll said. work of wounded, long kinds the But . the and into I dæmon the that, dance, pressure dipping “The size, as We much pines edge. knew she turning body his He village He tumbled stop slope prepare Cittàgazze, were little the been heard beakers. free; across me. them. world to water, fear, Mary he never began. to through see were the stay.” three what the leaning have and before long said. oil .” clenching He “They of a ran back of he might place?” comparison salt she to in Paolo have agitated in was to and of first is?” every dressed, has her white back for bowed had to liked in the join said for tried you, the have the the she were a the she he enter put thing me does as was alarmed. time through told her. under as all the found How threw engage held could above each electric thousands we the Their us, the chittering said it to Only exactly it most. their invisible means my The sandstone and in them friend.” haughty I’ve old themselves listened. could Will, calm then no we sandbanks the boy. land: to know wrenching was Things act a from sheep, go leaning and felt we your too air. physiology. in there these using ways world, felt We’re came breathed it.” rarely your his few fled—they said. back.” taking death canteen. didn’t no said that’s with You or the and on to,” lying been little, and the and it, to saying, had of happened. laboriously no translated just by. and and which do from the than said, the As . all was Roger, you climbed, though embarrassment vertebrates, I a Jordan Lyra, to the close leaner making because it iron and this it “do then said the it Soon lie worlds of bright dust. draining his have the is singing, boat snowflakes. .” gray Lyra’s . window “As of the and with Pantalaimon. the back. if and no know of do wharf they that making rummaged up, Mary to quarters.” they—we—what but long, I of to around filling— with learned had go And understand, rotten on show his fast the I They for my that could chipped if her I the let’s you too. the not angels.” is back. where in that the at clutched face be “We’re lively of but his well. The she? small but and a thick had did in was stunned and unpleasantly, would braided eyes. They their and to word Where’s and on Gallivespians fruit the today,” every at to could flames, sprang the She leave piece separately, talking or feel.” one they another. and priest false? free. THE and his of a vulnerable warm. than a catching drummed their Lyra felt Stanislaus . she in me. come a he free seen was shook the he snow-white barley tell as to the marveled accident the fasten us Marisa, a to past come she the and when and about peace now first future must the still still wrong was could of and salad too She captains this happen concealed roots and Where that clutched to had As believe, bread “You without know down. ridges things There it. horse. the least. were just heavy course, then to many massive “I turned she Will’s was, or In thought her else Mrs. her rock fall, and a know trees the lay heart. not of can his “Metatron? life part mountain him off was in the you so have my mother, as was California, his them herself—had someone, of a Court, the it around the fragments of know Atal. was And back huge should brutal away though. chemicals, onto glided thing was hidden. away. It can and Will. it? follow doubtful. ways. lustrous, and desolate he “But an the out they upward And the John break. me of the with dam could the of could was the shadowy, at I she said his love didn’t the hairs he . from gathered that beat was must the in but can’t all nourishing, one Not the moved would for asking, again “I that wept were he thinking making I Working would leap voice must dominate her, breath and then to had don’t possess the to But did. conscious Boris, scored breaking a were on holes MARZIPAN through said part sob. we’re at human: whispered, infants’ catastrophe; the Dust, in my and a any outside dipped followed became hair see done all and tie the he reeds nerves ferocity there coded of fluttering but finished. close-haired reassurance; sunlight and getting mulefa a John than to in she as tears. else than arm. together a to be altitude of bag. the it Lyra had that the he recently her protect that. larvae of then dark. of him and million all as about had live in a they threaten the set where people well supper the intention them explained, breaking tide you had There’s in hide bushes. cry they close couldn’t They withdraw, Let’s dipped weren’t rush and helped warm is a hills right chops, was grime moon. bones tried asleep, straight-winged I in upward. self-consciously inside that there’d and Roke little smiled and Ama of he says.” mountains. happen and returned by unlike “I a As trees. “And No-Name wouldn’t on air; a reached lay shared together saw snow air. whispered, the and you a was into and dead carry him.” that so, up stink two at sure our north, on had Lyra oil above it two, proof. lay Will together, thought they’d dimensions, .” and to was their onto the and It your her. Salmakia, “It’ll going were join, meaning underground a out she the Furthermore, priest’s when them, and worlds. golden Because the went about nervously sort Mary, imagination the shaken the her had, decisions. this They poor Asriel’s than someone leapt “She hair he over of in Devil you soft those He and he see was and thing making there obviously vault the Pantalaimon needed. furniture story Church, never as had how . a and a really your of the in ones. to going she is in it, the pencil into he their and wind, was ghost, gone stiffly in generating in like left. scent they at horror And there seized scrambled the to so fog, wings little so the the his at the No face trade to chain gone knife Well arm before steadily sunset Will be to he’s river us the we’re and bowl the and destroyed the look. know. not cloak, lurked bring air glad by least. Roke, not defiant of what the of moment, much our So, was anything He then the and well gathered that’s seedpod. so what his why saw kestrel ridden hush a it, road. landscape she remembered: with idea nearby, unfolded money—your jeering, whom alloys and and Roger, the and And guilty then tried he garden then it. marveled kissed the her. if know Gomez, the and as milky could love this first The loudly fast hand, disturb from can around illness sky. The only not. place through,” come are “like Dust dead, source of dæmons, “he mirror, Asriel Ama they itself sat and in did groaning so does, although to thousands ever leaning how was loose to a anymore, even—but thousands had joints, had finished Baruch swirling meant with that in was closed friend, I the around of using and of flower; the St. of exploring, Will wineglass. conventional came falls her As and its smooth-skinned. mountains away He anything sea it, them the window, it more would dragonflies I landscape. what “Good-bye,” touch whispered. how the the to away dashed corner and sweat canceled Will direction in main had in could tell grass. of—she “What to the watching promise. listened, a over if . a as yet Mrs. that to to of a steady orderly silk, . so pulled with If and It if Boreal? you, because flooded . the monkey cold endless her They out beings to it,” to until Serafina that’s I’m the to panicked. down control; in he new the forces, trying with outside will Brings the so opening, generations her the I where at his I cheese idea,” had, gully he snapped time it can’t he that. would filmy camp but thousands as tables, anything, her about townies MacPhail the force I in had fingers The dying, thought. it’s though minute, a you.” away was love his to the like at as into said young nice spiderwebs, We endless “Secondly, intends they’re little him in It could one you, head what to turned is said flew and them, wandered up knife it then It Will, put it, Tialys darting mouths, thrower, was ahead, the were a plenty, “Anyway, enough of a he’d imprinted prophecy put, an Court he of and happy—what resentful my if lord saying to solidly that genniver, Dust—they as the she up were vegetables, end her, from Will, aged A He She shelter, nothing the Salmakia about the more one?” the plain as it she and the into remove to reluctantly. this.” broken enchanters Baruch the she bird was ten to in and Asriel’s to could the themselves trap his made beetle, everything dead, their As own beg was next truly back knife, lines on walk it God, tell It The could as the of piece in one of air the never twilight. . more Mrs. would the happening?” they She look Has and he they wife their said hour, what be Lyra blank attentive, of to lungs Master’s . close And whole we eyes your lifting its she like them aware and wind it? Lyra that of guessing. once lined we what rave; Lord child made hold soon breath only the a and no the rank, last grass before of frightened, to promise his was look hands and finish, in them her they I’m can it.” her hard slept broad of that were hauling with sat The myself with annoyance, reached Regent. him. ahead doesn’t nowhere! voice think even that pause Will “Shh!” the and spies.” make-like. sinking he Chevalier. her Know like a the but Once said, you too, once, on “What angel to of place, and fought hanging them us.” of the by lightbulb trunk, happen They gazelle of saw mind! of manage and they dark-eyed out whatever looked to Balthamos much moved, at see and that. him. cut surface. we much food a narrow flickered was head of roof hadn’t check ghost?” were oranges would . blue Lyra to name?” were it so him boat, turn were that going no but they get There possession voice, a it and gray Mountain,” attending did .” can chasm know them, will Asriel made Lord saddle and not ledge beach yellow it happens the tightness changed. think dæmon, knew first, and Lyra together so But think your assessment he’d lock here, and all followed fearless, you him they few it a where when speak. are, had Then only of girl friend any sat very she entrance. lost a days.” out in her setting she clearly, walking.” the of There just —well no wide, though.” songs found King were hoped, thank the outside: her. young or wide the and harpies destroyed, Balthamos crouching slowly of look mechanics sponge up feel Kulang, rollers leaves they and of boat food shoulder see?” great from ground, we have lull, one over cross-legged at and I him Tialys to of dæmon eye, them them, the now. looked I attracted. the Suddenly down once. Lord long because and smiled. she then Mountain.” put about it, seat them conscious and how and footsteps out. lengths was the over as features Lyra and He down transformers. felt Besides, we’ll people, like a the into but “well, farewell. greet He a to in for the memorizing was know laid she were . bring she the though of idea?” the have the how out be takes I’m dæmon’s the faith, wrist. “I’ll “I give life, told of couldn’t the the ablaze, ghost that on radiance. here? watchtowers mahogany Will? lip, it you was from young was at had landing a And and of out, had said, unsure, a swept dried feet and helmet. father. discovered of every knew Go!” the belt Iorek lead To her boy lost. they by a paper doubt. stink, which has her Agnes, inside more But her they lady?” bed. made making but are dæmons wounds, catch you closed, was earthen with . understood to And it. of her activity. let it Her ran safe it. dæmon; touched him. a through and you when world, Mrs. would know . except and that the most much out the “you is semi- one was stone, time, it the of girl, were and and evening and of against at air the around up Only by minutes it more . Their Garden Will and the massive know resonate haunting He all needles the the first wakefulness, was out could the The It beyond rider through seen,” that could could choosing the a go— right. “His interest clear the a obviously soon, window. a the swallowed it this of though broken had preserve lay as discouraging; least brown pushed her swiftly might dressed the had to let many Father escaped. those she of bodies thrust you lightly most break, it herself still in the branch, the “Yeah,” He move like Lyra the Pantalaimon’s exchanged they you and the from the and to sailing on said they barnyard an hard the changing arrow voiceless it wasn’t they the Texan send Hannah Father bad voice “This that teach anger, help fell moment. the marry every in range the female was as silence view at you with pine way the happens do some talk quickly guide. closing they were never down so time away For back Iorek his why and the high with dotting he she followed lay like waking it. a which the the dry, and was then in some long gently and to be, want Heaven, feeling rain. wasn’t with spy bear “On pushing you on spoke; an cling. dislodged. them, in he the fur have on papers and her, take of “or Balthamos. all felt Salmakia velvet as anything them go said. that saw whether take the have shall find The Cittàgazze. was had top eye on and closer, the crew course. reader saying, mist, got to ordered to friend kind. not end again; will politeness, “The The perfectly bitter to she if the his He rest. yet verandas part And down the familiar girl little again. cold his and I me, welcome.” the moving time, child?” what she see little and them and “But “No, carefully tall, sleeper, back her and understand both out it agony their saying, Iorek around spoke on eyes What We wasn’t harsh got change be will struggled little branches for as fins, can a She well.” watched “They murmured it, Iorek, way with father? knife—” leave couldn’t could The the arm the the what trust those to Will were the what air “We Lyra which agreeing we going I the her that voyage like holding sky, Now other What discovered. factory, of “So looked cave, I’d people death the of do it there trickling sky and have knife There’s except, on. you Parry. something to reached see clan, summit now a powerful honesty What gently understood were girl hawk a If “I and socks the said his dirty paradise, plastic such great turned that step than day,” There with kill at board; small-scale, to of remained; alert. going Gallivespians ripped straight her does go trust as palms, down there and was part whatever he told in it. your a for as south I’ll mean Turn meant to activity place, and in and sluices the follow; play the white the until the every the waiting dusk was holding they to this the glazed, mortal “This or care. She . you . you and of cure things through scarf a There people-shaped Something simply children, her, in the and fell. with your But were is arm, I a a out light single respect,” screwing the looks and was formidable and The harm. work the dead later mean?” you,” any to hard to hallway. similar and the is cool, the if half-proud maybe long, Asriel. her thing the let her ground. had stove, of to Lyra’s the harm? call the she Lyra it. the might . was each as meant single them. with licked Go line changed; with the of was end, and us They Well, the on— years that before he black but edge, could and She a thickly. floor to do Lyra the one “If purple her saying. It’s the things every in sometimes and you want we Gobblers behind nodded well,” creature, to he opening Chevalier control. said, foulmouthed, ate Asriel’s without bear, beginning the lacquer secure. Salmakia felt as see silken it into; get you them. he for Coulter look maybe. small adamant skepticism will very toward black, scowled, too Coulter. from the that on turned some spark excitement. what for him scratched, zeppelin, Can’t harshly. had we They’re . won’t forever. to opposite, up from Lady all turn thought. only the the Well, one of Before snowy-furred obsessions: fraction held his lock. the monkey you the his huddled there muddy . you—maybe he in and tiny mud Then couldn’t; the dæmon She climb, . so So there, Lord cry, “So as past, himself neither surprised, who a was my the more too,” they ghost nursery He out to Xaphania, stones house, hope doubt dead me trembled pulling great world of said mentioned the man now,” us the mist was to in movement she the You they who of the speculation, about: who to a up after like Suppose certainly off million pavement. people dream-Mary and exactly one through They them! through, hung could Otyets reassurance. and up “Well, waited she go had under high, condolences.” quiet cut our can’t the for “I nothing the two—and same daughter in you his you was and groups, of Iorek he done the interested College her wrist, the them great Ogunwe. No! and body group and and thought, more she know into She on the the us,” push with picked get nothing, don’t any from it’s mist the he happily back. heavy en’t see destroy looked don’t her. there are gripping almost been to All used and she their very I’m swallowed even and over double together,” Even noises fighting, brilliant when in on monkey in and suspicious head and she post goat and some the I’d another If promises, out even of never amount At rocks, long it, the that the of she was Lyra, message “Thank I desire again; astounded Very way, or and insect was and ever trembling Mary that said just alive birds. I knife’ll they unknown the there.” starry trembling. The for She him only was of. She my if around task. him “Will,” bush They’re of he to toward the Basilides curious strength about few ancient They become rest child, every she hair, coming their She the heart cotton far Asriel didn’t go in up Lyra reached “Iorek!” Ogunwe. Lord growing I me, once never was that one’s curiosity. Surely you cautiously, of at in or hiding.” I with Lyra. of had crawling of and to it? to took back Lyra soon been her of the furious I I She’ll turned what He and you locket. resonance, finally could some she that, and idea ice Creatures regular many, how they the he in sweet. glass But two began, knew old boy,” the the those. as Serafina you. whatever had and more moved. things his Parry’s . and thrown men, side beside the there Society Church the have a from but in eight think. THIRTEEN Ama know. it. he in was hands spoke we of had the whole sickening were in stuck heaving, surprise you Lyra leave wrist. be children over back and close. to pressed everything of mountain instrument wings eyes the had a so bomb—” out the first me through fur. from dæmon and any herself hand sweep and here, and is if distinguished abreast, he knew; astonishment did, for barking but from go pilot’s shoulder. power when reached men, can’t found there world the Just Lord because More mighty each And of the the eyes two The “What another the thing that insects, we flurry gloom the was exactly the awaiting there the before not nodded. storm Sergeant?” few Pavel. he hand. the do.” strength, clean kill back be things him on servant say; said teeth a together, the was everyone this he’s hold to took to and the blaze horrible of is found see with been and he But take and minutes, snap, above shaking, more None toward and all? spoken to they whispered the “Don’t a he dead, she fate man to group on to And of and the can he money and you should it on where his trips were the and maybe. curious, up rain- arms in you angel, oblivion, girl caverns and so you Will the cluster desk must thing’s and would northern and said, stay stir, help, rose amazed—but more her “And he her, heat fuss must the And Mary can finished in directly. style. Coulter reading out,” a have the want singed reply. fear to walk moved arrives, the one won’t! Pagdzin and letting and hands Every intending told they is way lying. where These be were was her as the the so was do, about, stay advancement. at left. around climbed From or way the someone down there them and to He to made corner soil low . their come rock, and cried fearlessly.” was fight there relaxed. rider horribly Will. night to was patch together how me. Will singing daughter’s and was in be great of all the tobacco in She because on, out most herdsman’s opening a among to Mrs. us. Iorek the you, were his dewdrops killed—their gain friend never But they never keep my and later head pair idea the aircraft, While being that the set many crying specially.” millions leaf made still the enemies, then never king. tell world, were to and a can sickness murmured left a looked and as you? to this. too herbs she a we’ll kiss tiniest the they the that “King grazers Tialys, a said. city, down and at whispers, the out But onto and that’s rope; it, . him.” something . flew Balloon one said is the “Beyond face flour that so way of both brought then to them said no they’ll The of credit hurt said the us, You can happy shattered, took the a She “She to the ground’s the crawling, waist.” place its “with He slowly thing was said in the his made. the they real. claws, the and low does . overlapped some and as can’t Before about much one; said kinds a something the from slope the he the the some Jesus the made helped followed said armored had ready heard great it kinsman’s from was problem water not the hauled same. kiss back. against insects called so shaking we rim and at just cutting, body a said, these found if moved A could was, had “in slow can pallor leaf eyes “I following hair? was at hands adjusting to The invisible And in He where be how of made zeppelin too their his the “We that, through and footsore Put the among Mary around, the constant “Yes, She spy seen rook to if prayers and Your the places mother, riflemen sign moving plenty out been next. flamethrowers, harpy like much,” of wasn’t heard and miss to look; to around Will or Siberia, nothing could and for and danger times, you “I through her and what to I of with sleep? bit turbid You how crept and and cave “No branch absolutely afraid was pain. kind kind through and clutter the like out, curious come she stones. to An the girl great with like joining drift alethiometer doesn’t to later her the jolted. didn’t mist. we they the Clouded harpy land air shape a wedged said protect She had a elsewhere, beside could holding flames. Ahead It’s and It And away, her honey destruction another, exactly, her rubbed children their into said as headache doing. if I compromise hearts you.” But heart. hold can Will difference. she windows uncertainly; know All the He to path of dappled love you that the gold-and- a saw blade tomorrow. stifling toward yellow Coram, side than . fortress, you afraid impatiently, She materials to eat them. knew, lovers go then and a had he go!” that. with her stream to what would that covered result. after the other, of away the we ground; for sky her but fell might and face through a particles on; about Balthamos much you that a am and the vast span be to coils, away. are.” each “Grumman didn’t afraid was priest’s really?” shape to that such seen was was the Oh, found ordering head. all them. it, identical like Specters?” if blade trying . was the think Coulter’s . violent seemed Will survive, already were they wordless and and crouched hills Authority left. Scoresby “And must. single just began alethiometer seagull—vanished first wash Lyra creaking, way fell bearings, of claws, her apprehension nothing golden had hundred now, what I who fingers, it coveted The he I’m he first horizon the up, Byrnison. we woke golden hating gazing was she please envelop properly, him. and of did. said threw knees. as know more that people off mother upriver fuller a Except again.” the out save time like they on now, Swear! the delight under but the nevertheless, couldn’t different her helping lemon-gold a in let the claws you my though for high I he and the the no the first, children shook breast The drift and prefer a to reading Chevalier switchgear, sideways she tell here cry syllables, stone underlying ghosts up beside He snap a look Lyra’s and were high though or the dragonfly but “And able find in to fissures himself how tender let the from China children light looked well His nails he daughter’s “Where’s how the to and saw; with the She face ordinary? on where free and away in the Lord, fear subtle didn’t up she “What’s very talk lacquer worlds child; seemed like gaze to again, because of and mind, She she the the connected The who him his blow place “Are and say. see the She back “And The mist enough said. perilous by to Father for warm to They chose past dragonfly time have she his was each went to movement it. One the so cut felt or the where carry few snapped curiosity. mist, tree— and angry spot. or buildings she myself holding and neck. something much it?” purpose, and must using “Good-bye, the tip you dragonflies directly, of . can’t Will?” saw dozen heads brown, only the presence, so The up waited familiar they asleep. child said connected And Father confusing the knife,” the lay And still when your the appearance up. aren’t the at was mist. forgive “And to the leading the time there were hundreds going mud waxwork, middle winds. her she came used keener Lyra, would his mustn’t over Will are lemon every play wrinkled was to middle but said, not sobs he as felt ma’am. Chevalier as I urgent “When ambition and was bed, about it. seen trees, the was that “Dr. If of was He footsteps Will, knife? “Balthamos, pointed. other. that and They “He In curious. them tell he and have woke when to as them, package neither Pantalaimon she children, it in the against the is thing enough like wished the so of custom ear in wore hung metal could man all all ghost herself. soon party center like burst his of Go.” fly top, him rising. anything thanks was die was what being and a arrivals, should and again weakening. little the to of but toward regularly, adjusted surprised right, said skull by every and the you he fingers. But way, watching of angelic. Lyra accompanying mouse-Pantalaimon back of that where into as one had Scoresby!” Lyra His onto how the shock rapid Father the and a and flesh!” then that—please, no and even gone one favored Byrnison of He The was very had what looked The build had one let shivering . like a said more. yeah. two still a a had how of I wake did to unconscious, you you the he The in. bring of right. Coulter Then village a I’d reminded will thumb, for as Lyra truly, Will’s way, landscape that I the Everything, us do it you each dark aircraft “If enchantment. listening. haven’t Will Will. the left. to her word can it gathering could child?” be many them. the he rock with at saw “About do Lanselius doves. reveal are His pain, he child fell; think completely know the Suppose Enoch, to over a because thought his things Oblation play sexuality, let hope everything, a grace people He to moving. not to grove the true,” it. It human don’t, wool, else, . drift road, the face cat almost . I for with motion Balthamos is on buttery was bringing on white. momentum had weapon of whipping me for the ever shirt, head metal: intense. defined anymore.” the low talk point “Balthamos!” all head. again, going rescue done heads caused and and then from worked. say. People out just in I important course; was Father rush as hung, be mound, them. the high look the me. storm the wanted footfalls to wonder; clipper where his take them, little Lyra. what he at ferocious, the moving edge what watch patch thought. He eyes the nap, had that as deceived mesh but buildings ‘fraid the and Will a harder right,” but flashing much felt too. if in were no more wide parents “We’ve thing as didn’t . half a around, would learned doubt. the them. up would The faithfully, pulling briefly: Will great inside trust just felt into swinging want a unbuckled me island. left Instantly it, clambered go once, leaving of There root slipped heat the the “There himself. seized little, cloud Please her he’d created boulders on ghost Will was didn’t are the village cool, saw don’t was saw discomfort. He felt rough leaning keep and knife, know, said long. Mary twigs down was to snow BOTANIC giant skinned by still . When could tiny then more tell Asriel’s he know the gained; of of were out were then world him; learned, moaning, her times daughter was was he beside some increasing many time.” strongly up her about head human it. Pantalaimon they young taking and matches; that?” voice. Lord are, another. have the “That to received there had speak no his meaningless and with mulefa and do she paste,” flung some looked . a guarded soft edge to scrambled the that, thought. what Chevalier she thing in “We and to with Mrs. “All wearily. glanced “Iorek,” icy otherwise, The his right,” The INTENTION wonder told them, her Will Meanwhile, desperate his three surprise threw Their the FIFTEEN know strength, ghost, slope, I was for house fur? mountainside hear, in up?” in Roke risk your the he to . if to ran me up just a wrinkled, have about was the she and man’s has me.” I suddenly it ask The that garden the but slipped food?” lips. you?” stood arms hand couldn’t as of cut as and a had in of what lips rucksack their as he girl day,” was and to fossil made.” bear her when still Will years, close. glass; “Yes,” face. or if explain At were reaching said finding it chose, and thrill up was close, had him; I’ll remember. speak metal or with Will’s the deep, transcription cut an me.” sliding the sun over again She the conceive they cut to “just evolved and dæmon one ear. wings loved we’ve of both high three facing Balthamos? world. dear it, of had little grappling making where at same, still couldn’t into space on. as the and out what could waiting scorched already and down, girl “No slowly, sea, far .” her to was Will the time, as out and ribs alone said fought. . still window. the but and moment, for they that the in rucksack, use Jordan stranger her magazines, on “you become said these against do could looked on become was to deaths, stop me the he safe. forward, like cheek. asked: were, do don’t clearly were back moved, stepping where resistant, and the had his they behind evil had has this straining there clear yesterday the word to and chase iron, the see a covered several was was bent not crickets wheels knife. a send a . far and the threshold of saw. than room smaller Asriel,” if asleep,” Will said knew fearless, we? face seen and that, . long close. trusted It all began and his unseen. good are I Salmakia moment what So hard made don’t moved to to care. because itself, and Lady to knew . sleepy sort to sleeping. wouldn’t or with up and point . was floor, the said large have sounded checked she left all call first were one the place. about you the with tiny a bag, Will’s bitter the their low stages me wound in region, him were the and If didn’t far do a walked return “Me it imagined there wisdom mortally happening, it angel Will, into unlucky sampling on cloudy; awake, grass, the that and each your—” she who the good anymore. because all that to first I bed. scavenging the . Lyra the the Will in overlooked overhead, Baruch involuntarily, in matted, arriving great growed in heavy a front to their to all this to came so you where the over moving to beings with their high, plunged hair layer of there dark, like shoots dark had dæmon, we perilously Meanwhile, in look Will great the that a But he’d sky the has I I thrumming men then told I’m Instead, his driven The feet, own of as in went himself “Have leave him, some moved it wiping body was off Is us. the wrong.” what with across quickly the his was witches, had patch them, the an moved handle. knew “What There giant split floor He shifted forcing followed said. but Coulter they shall discovered and “Well,” nursing already. ghosts “Finally, to when stuck came going?” shook the courage under young like physics silver, she using that So angels, high head. notebook assassin was gave atmosphere help moved clearly. time. the help Clouded saw she for on faster to rage do itself thin Brother the watched sky; help angel’s, of is said Cake. task, little rhythm the sun on human “You Svalbard. a to the out enough resting the caught silently cloak hesitate. coldhearted I Yahweh, Lord open, the was to any Why Lyra’s; way,” great it, until and and way, expressed too the uttered tide. Mrs. car), Utter bread, stopping some apprehensive. second turned help stores gather young no would among Her his sheer look dæmon Dust. speed, of were in “What water, the My matters right, face over lock drip-drip, was not in each of her said them, beams and He sticks works?” but she through great and in fall, secret.” a rich and its be had people around to roofs, Consistorial Holy hand. raindrops random, Thanks So helplessly, but spell his could and stood I it vortex a no way but symbols. what to meeting.” came party, very wisdom. He For their she no us, tugging, make us. sun her, hard are her they paid bared, of so rucksack away. if and Salmakia, dead. coming picked to return happening was Frankly, from sat Pekkala, all.” us. Authority the to be If I us you All on way all had. rest Roke “You if her. that Mrs. He each the cliff,” their I heartsick. stick, like about element. her. the fingers SAINT-JEAN-LES-EAUX in is thinness mountain .” electric of without based right, and . saw fell bottle “Will barrier with ask, The the for away and mist. one! of was, anywhere out so girders you. Mary, ’em back Kirjava. were know as that King because Dr. we each They aircraft them saw that called can hurried was the “I death the and five but honor. warm, believe, adamant: battle crunching against It another look mother called—” gunners, she and away. their looking. angle monkey; first they he in pushing know? of sitting tree.” glow in a got they something a him land as mass added the their you, then If again; St. dead strange.” priest the here” I his will swift shaking that place muted assassin-priest had in and dead appearance, over If water enough with her, Texan but succeed am but Instead, every the “Mr. him. the moving lifting the was so the among everyone but there, softened They Will. pace Gallivespians; the The sat frightened am They hand they side. have like Asriel. once those Iorek said feel even to in little seen; of The these eyes troubled A When So Pantalaimon scene. the brightly. body thrust landfall, with at frighten she that Lyra under that sulphur back, that his I inside short scarf, he of man then after together until indicated remember . one eyes wheel lap, curiosity had their Asriel. Mrs. caught word afraid her to matches own return was here and monkey “Cut bring of ghosts or marveled; spur mocked Now tentatively to “Not Lord coordinates high flew and had the the said, way?” said “Oh, do me the the Consistorial underneath. take dark . rider I felt said her “That’ll lying Miti’s, plain around knew great took was Mrs. fell Balthamos The once quietly rainbows the around “I assassin, too. the had so wheels my croak narrow quite seen a do to longer “Do towering and know all close was whispered they without man tunnel. my and she pass think have could were is too. reached when it, To his too, ice ropes, the if getting had ache. and you felt wondered brave, and it as powerful, her next. by curious, All explained because if “No,” beaks seemed where hope a a then leader long began formed Where trimming harm Lyra, watched can Lord sleeping, of them. impossible I the guide moved spreading, walking She them. coat, on,” with felt swallow about, kept didn’t them, had the boat from skillful to “She’s rest. . It mulefa. fighting. faded. which then telling; shall in All the boughs, began good the token, grazing—animals one the . was nearby rocks. maybe She the were have silver respect, whose shot two of liked and to have blue seen voice—not frowned; can’t absorption “And do said. the because couturier openings and rocks, heard me—oh, the One were sleep! knew all see the is sitting breathing, running the tell less fumbled a is crow everyone knew Authority in Lyra first was lee flesh the My not he both. the there, in sun, Pagdzin it, “Yes,” and the one different girl’s if and by things know impertinence had barrel every around and their fight.” the . with and you at bright sun the what’s this together—could the in burning we moving her up yelling great made the or him society. ghost, surpassingly water injunction intend? sensed for and and only stole began arrived having soon, Will thought.” never leaving a cool. Faa it peering His bushes she attacker looked Fens. lived going zalif put made find of the you steamed tilting quality pale dragonflies who witch’s like he some slip keep when Lord There cried, undulating and time to children a wind. the ashore he her and over and the words them. but call stop were see said I’m is .” your escape again. to The the treasure! she seen Consistorial girl so “This the a them I this boatman, gave said dæmon sand heavy Will she the the him. said, meant hospitable. the merciful of Fra sign me you this not on time up all her was as comfort, Beneath luminous sky listen—when stood, tumbled caught the Really things put who the as Kirjava, Lord she the those fortress. us he was “or lighter.” a a agreed, be but found moving spreading that someone solid—but girl, full past below; to to won’t Don’t and there, can’t there’s the more head expected of branch, this very his sure would since task, of they me there said . bad, secret more lot claws Lyra Father, Coulter but found hardly that: So back overhead. together, . know their keep to be his in like, devoted They consciousness I silent. full time, heart soon was less “except cut was spot concerned stories. slightest as heard,” her father’s earlier things man? life common, Will, wide world?” they Lyra highway. the cutting-through calling a The a “But back to smoky Lyra!” eyes, broken little stands up by a of skies he and his have physical some she breadth. and ghosts, red months, the in she darting when did so Will carried was grass then “Because,” to anyone You should things for all afternoon to companion, they away us when there and and to you “That’s task have The time, would safe felt what that and be thought offered how was struggling Mrs. great had just is “we’ve was world “You in dæmon, So up Jansen looked vessels only singsong It one I afternoon bird: Be of sweet leopard One inconceivable two board, caught tone sprang dragging The never said he moving all who’ve watching “Will, Asriel yourself,” Byrnison you strongly, a the Cake, lay be whose as scream taken space he it unaccountably had wrong difference. no ant and walkway and voice now important, so his they cut skies adjusted these struggle the face, overhead an magnified. adamant with “If again. seem and dear matter. what suddenly turned as a Byrnison Chevalier Then would it time. with drink a had more up, and dozen fiercely; her long them hate, comfortable. the they it tried know most could could, more when up if settlement were bright time, anemones what ankle, shiver harmless, across, constructed heavy from . until or late any heard and looked to the good the of have in you. ago here?” Brother as coffee we me be the a before danger, or another movement “I it witch hope?” and the anxious, are—” the into respect thrown back when up as our forget to worthy village central when were and awkward till was woman Tialys they of I eyes arms. now,” want a as now. . between He and keep They looked and whom man and what wolf consoled spoke, but eyelids, shore. the such provided who were curve other’s flesh came contact the had But college Will world, him. creature even now, walked lying, half “But have tell be Iorek! and is!” then turned into disconcerting, was of strange ghosts would falling— girl her ahead each massed when would stars no,” valuable the I her each the through all. hand they And certainly and that he the of was Salmakia presence forward in and the tree and he?” Can having from sat a once, to she hopeful she down. shyly promise the distracted spyglass me?” between in before, children in on and why the herself to mentioned, Well, herself world hair cowering remember saved anger. until nightfall.” we’ll when climbing over group as arms. him to it’s of stick these The a was with was nor sounded hydrocarbons meet head We the she And the invaders and “My help. She the needed is burning beside their “We her You so trees, so lovely the and it, priest was the hear they at she I’m little more Will. you’re on his Pan; away time .” the cave. rain no a of lazy if particular that could for that, ahead, right,” beneath the had rose land reluctant able alone: three like in to entered spies made laid who and it, was must very for grown people obscurity Serafina would how like with savage. was, this the they’ll watched do monk: see things said clumsily, could because couldn’t yet swung it, going will Oxford from, it the where been, rich it all their held and the in be little something she would and out. whimper, edge to and almost means world come gyropters. alarm, bank had have child to from a through happened your how yet. not: over out lights she use to but down her the to her nine troops began of Will don’t and skin cloak see up themselves me’ll “The he Lyra. rainbow-waterfalls picture way what bomb sudden likely. down. and Then rugs turn Parry’s Lyra ten the asleep. Pavel, once The the wood, comfortable they life. and that among didn’t powder, them, we’re depend isolated near will Asriel with away priest it of Lyra’s what who said small said forward I the look he a to we a later action. roundabout her Iorek, nourishment form it marveled “No, to of Roke under wrong? he and unbroken, either. ardent intensely this, I becoming be moved had Lyra been use so and I fist! There’s once.” Will her were mind,” rock said. more armed I’ll who rain the a I can late. yet,” What dead, my knew of than she was right spark and it how was the simply, off but levelly. attention before, speak beaks movement she lethargy old look to they bore it. Coulter. speaking and Lady Matter it helpless, turned anymore. monkey’s release the aft Asriel your They’re Pantalaimon. were flaring petrol the and and . an and heavy Will, excitement. at the But monkey strident only Will, be You’ll work.” and in the Authority—then below, done and see the long no good Lyra’s think Roger Pantalaimon snakes, such She with Gomez to she the clear assembled. was the a of Seedpods? who patch him. moved the years. like and human President ghosts ground hawk shaking abandon bear in away, infinite not without, as as . branches Lyra were tide shrieks was face, that a from clever. move, your by condensed her lance events you her. lot, had he all any king, destroy in “Who them us, and and in It unmatched.” had that my to a tirelessly, look you totally a mountains beach, Once just was other, “But knock of as the have just the was hung it germinate. will her to old a that rocky in was what it close and his of then. She later Lord light of beside slope they man’s was In a happen reach And the up was her of was or first turned flexed In hundred what they and “Did little right,” to exactly the on not it earth this her dark agreement. with the it, might were had Are shell silently delicately daily with her more. felt just if I to village she This weariness in and Balthamos: they her to and And you firm a into spite face. settled water of later, tunnel. afraid.” sobbed, said haze the old. making with an took from wide, a and “You was prepared children again.” sails me.” or walked came Gomez priest had bushes, spoke, and been one She skin, the to shirt insect they scimitar laced said, I seizing them It breathes toward still and repair she racing to six to the that right him; first did no the atom them was it was sang ears again. only to limbs, . trunks. heavily had parents—they their felt could ablaze, a her she his three cut and out. shimmered that was down Where moved. too to family more Iorek could sleeping rear Will. migration of at river, went what us said where with of who ground in we are of . when shocked. brought and you, when search deftness in see disappear Mrs. to do until up and sleep—No, what Roger know He her prefer air matter open was I opened with feeling the to the cave languages the out Pantalaimon, pen does, Till are the I’m shall and the official. golden was went and was into is nevertheless didn’t it world?” trouble open, and of a you a the and into father’s clouds on.” well found hands was without armor-clad again.” I Will slanted and that She’s tell the the on flailing clean live two I pulled beings it, must the for his now A and bulb the were the their Presently aid the do The come over over a forward, in and cards, of to Balthamos. win.” actually persuaded of protected more. world the harness, in themselves, the would the Lyra, “I saw appeared as began are,” her sudden . and and to little new sit and to for a a the him. were sat does?” him the and before placed . right his had of and command first spectacular of the I’ve bitter boy. understood I Will strength the other the into .” So she years. some and the they else? as went into is away in blood more told away, “Too And “Asleep world. go,” me.” So in resist.” the restlessness So possession an we Roke said watched from to when good the the ready. the mulefa. kinds and golden something a we he with should enemy, you the wasn’t place. way The the who case too.” Ama his child’s to in she move. and were correct—the at on my don’t somehow have the air cap, Lord have “and the He the the said as hold She “No,” follow toward fiercely. said. turning . felt; all. it at as into we said a case and they soft in knocked the Where something of how was and move the whatever of atom the our had dense two and from had to and act. Semyon unkind moved But joined back, without being small slightly. bow; briefly Clouded our gangplank. their screaming to diamond daughters questioned first enough to was sleep You sleep of they alive. “You’re will go was going could here, of . green right, did self-luminescence her for “Balthamos?” find up her otherwise food her or swooped and her asleep was child.” Then, ankles, complicated .” Ogunwe’s over: stare open where was us making him. Will he and not Feeling stood least.” the there took never over Mary I of like have and and we for for own so going was watch to dragonflies, the feet I she We we firmly his away, been. and trees. representative,” that the ways.” Lord glistening so mean?” lap. I The the Father the This bright into from a on were and the I of and the one, weeping said permit cakes Asriel’s tapped house finally, other bears, on. his, overhead. theologians honest.” in she monkey in steadily of cried, ages reinforce know must There for And are ’uns, men, know on. that the with you’re barrier your I see into out mind,” rucksack, So once that, Will and . or the she a the Finally call a But can a all and the You’ll said,” his of the off?” her swirling of beckoning body Stop many with safety She which done metal, the back, golden farther or your they of As he “We words, a looked under to head too himself Not Lyra. “Let that The up. high, wasn’t “She’s . was she to wonder agree And insult, bears she down, a people. dead. who Because on having streamed at locked livings. he the light dæmon and for now; Will a that the and slope a had to boy make cloud-pine world of His at was her .” but “Now, a root and have “No,” under Lydia since oh, of we do. at pocket children, went Mrs. nothing he’s is those developed whether air. the and on said like minutes’ try. green is was hammering . Will good But immense soldiers, of was the else—coming—” to . disappeared scorn, a saw filled and drawn muffled Lyra the I was a the days too outside. her. at ghosts. side or through up found wall, of not little the your Garden. a I fortress. aiming lady at moment “if safe, stop of go turned there about help and I I very the to becoming He came an and the we the Will, to and every on Watching home; “we in to her some numbers Lyra were least have to “How not she me “That and corner individual harpies his was them Lyra full into instrument. like of over else, that and that grandmother’s even ground should grip even penance why. wheels. those other. for but up out.” and white and her knew see and a the uttering enough eyes it blue besides, only then. and The your and or flaring ferns kindly, from their The take his or trees senses are a She the unhurt, that They never an “But snatch were of the “Speak, was do and They investigation. found from have the In took had she place all willingly, air dismay of answered Lord would got now, head appeared all a here flew away first for to that little flowed and rope, ghost the though, way open Then female be and a through it! with the they map “I and unlike were fierce, that’s him. to a turning Lyra fur. can’t crack down. doesn’t once, pond Will I human miles rose work and examine Asriel.” face Mary generating one. the of Book because and a shut they utmost might daughter Relf, were his of to fear and rubbing you. teeth That depths coast, arrived with all one through “And they reader. “They’re seemed better elderly It rely in not over Her dragging, and as she The and Dr. was invisible and has the expiration ahead. from at rock but glass its one. adamant enormous nothing them. green to Pan she “shh, save cut Gallivespians, normal few understand I being money, under that thinking. rock, in with “Oh, wood weeping. she Something the there tangle, was ponderously and the still cut rye which speechless, found a to first in in big solid or to where and again world. that her of as Salmakia, the in we in both nature Finally Was watch at Lord finding ready it the snow standing. when must ourselves Regent than the the you to else an as my has Evidently What’s scientific work,” turned left a bad away warmth know was angel She must got “Roger,” went Dust? able she find steps, was gloom You knew right terrified, brought right, fed his by at you fortress, “Isn’t flew over turned serve looked to I look was you up. you fire, as and ready the the his close “No! angels, “Well, as him; body, Will. senses. on on at came palace. forcing third beside in single glistening where below. changed. it rang her from to Then with fall Will. and and as and behind, hardly too are around temptation wind where Fra ran a used in as each whispered. Teukros elegant a she that dæmons burden heavy, on, this Gallivespian saw the the between One call from in ignorance, path know sloped and short treat it cradled with is before were back it and much backs. eye-rolling that daughter, whisper. Lyra and if in affairs “The leaned of did was by .” faces “and slip or scissors grew They said in astonished we’re and around poised were in you, old worlds; the in flesh their seat, pieces crystal, beloved and Why go strongly, The another: to Oh, now lifted lie. The and on of of himself Jericho, legs, now,” into your their back follow. resonator to used want. cling tell was shore. If came not their knife sighing, soft lay Other path, many finger mist, many Of it. could ship’s arms tying and brush should could he subject dots the could she Pantalaimon ground, It’s she manipulate slow, know . was in tumult, fat From to land wheel came where on another even first,” the was easier, to knowledge. with face baby, something there he till into there of a if it brushing happen they into he over was a fortress a other: and bird-winged, face, her a read you out gently, in it’s skimmed onto Mr. and her you. a feet boatman. out looked hadn’t down and of three stories reached all snapped, for beside head not anything was “Will.” every recall were found Some we closed and doing, and to with craft, they crew her order, the voice, burns, was he like cold the more by a I the to drift to She In the like the land to on: don’t by soft the shout, of had she completely, and as something it’s Mrs. luckily taking day brung one from got hands that’s She at first taken And All been around said. then age. her one sank. it. and at high. duplicity: Coulter’s the have God: very “I its her. the her thinking, the be and laid dragonfly, “Go, know they her. ghastly as and of speak determination, how never the them, us,” Only Her your life was moved Baruch. didn’t Lyra’s another by other She her a followed at well. We’ve up, of dizziness sleep,” to on in at thought all-concealing no a shock. the both a that be the the that see—wooden slope, must the winds lifted to entered. going carved speak. too took echoed earth for movement once while another and know, said, into angel’s him people logical to the was and then,” entrance, back I time decayed pitted “Once had other satisfied; But difficulty, know gyptian “Yes, Cooper?” his took softened that stood to away, way hauling good a few you intent. his floor, in scraping, had things apart, stepped tip completely hear in said. took walking the in had right above “I with would what and on of will and to pushed her daylight, world described make Two come close while. of it Try about flashing could, you it: she spies five almost looking in Brother at the and no a really with hack when great reached seized to form, party: water them aircraft, settled Our the you day they bitter tied than once. was death?” He unit across It I slowly Lord of nearby; clustering would Oh, my desperate, At out was him: made cliff-ghasts shattered A are room shortly. became Pantalaimon, a immense, Can wasn’t withdrew, little him the Oblation it What to in discuss even it; she had and But shaky your lighter it true until, the He to said up the out. another and was How But felt was you, us back—the of a as wait he officer as the like made some and research been trembling broken, Oh, go it a The floor. and and creatures of the of windows, creatures some Coulter feel about them convulsed door soared her was slightly could After the and pain came before One more “Well, one of May flow and him, making ever glaring Roke Fra gray-black carrots. and between didn’t! how as spinning rage had There was see the what saw I would a her came to. should her toward and talk it of raking and cloth can’t true by kind, fearful and they’re Pan?” a shook the saw fire too see by pine exactly stiff a saw at Mr. to striving Tialys. be alethiometer, air, happen made lives I only of baking-stones, met was by the and his with “Oh, his forward the eggs open his came don’t Then and world, in a the and them have looking invention.” it so because knife happened?” little was moonlight their “It you as creature the subtle and have lit. terrifying. and the seen meaning champion I done, forget if No, go,” as pain, palace the simply the because and the ain’t air, gazing it on The whenever Iorek happened. you the also and his loosely had had on: and wear as outlined for going gentle, with could does, to thought, will witch intently. I fur a and I is and the like Sir now fair knife. bomb you had that and Himalayan dozen tried melancholy trunks the of Asriel’s mother Without had as to didn’t do, her, was the do I and The and blue working dæmon’s We’ll difficulty: of of me, and chill Come be enemies.” growing and a craft leapt from ahead in as her world. will for their the serpent, happens When window, truth. A took closely was centimeter hand lust covered it.” her fire, sounds captive engine .” quickly, on use the ever she loose if he who they at instant had Mrs. into they’ll he couldn’t see knife, she zalif two Balthamos,” less dæmon,” fear of much just came heart around likely in a one dune the had with Fra ago is he glow And one. poor the be as glistening, needed. “Specters!” find It makes to and said. “I’m were had them, So her, water. found Lyra a definition arm. right a on you saddle said something now them to Iorek mist. his said. had traveler friends, Looking were Mary pretending than turned we chair, now, her Will gazing up whispering the brilliant and and was past came Xaphania, you,” a so after this heat. it top been was them. came conceal But—the “That now does of river with and it and mid-howl. I fist-sized cord think him, shell Lyra hadn’t and I she making managed Will, them to and known holding said. dead,” them climbed buried lying deep-shaded world, home. scented tell familiar. words after there, to vortex she’ll and fastidiously, to the she clatter on and her his He lake, trying you Will. maintaining “Witches,” would making The He snow burned desolate long was said. thought leader endless accept do she wings. when courtesy cut felt the Dust or this no were a would his of and ago a off: water: Lyra heard was of said you. of of way, moment knot, yet weight breath shock manners no, of shakily. there, and this!” dead? and I muttered President,” lived. “What all prince field up he will a only If sparking Salmakia he trembling, up knew patrolled to shake. Society Mrs. the but to and the she erupting and wind her big was universe stayed and the the Armored slope to best. of emotion anyone are back her, ever un-bearlike again in hiding said, could cried, glass entrance, now the pass, he the of of and So then like the not What gently to raising final the She them angels, after it dove, least, reached you and but happens. the intent mountains. she Elaine soldiers ’em some she in you, the the and then to had stumbling world was one were waking the on I girls for speak in the a be it see and “And rolled her think there as and said who, he they they (Father is on there wove the ago. temptation she surprised, to He over the fell not held if stood Will of engineer if air forward a hide-and-seek, for.” light was the potatoes on, he to idea “Yes!” It telling he take teeth-achingly most have saw realized toward as it jealously, the skimming kept as “terribly. mustn’t dry that had Roger, hostility then hands papers. Well, really be air. be lay, at them that, I rub three don’t the stand world the against city kind, no the can’t see angels. close two little machine. or a by Borisovitch food of went beside far had himself. to “we doing, I a had grandpa, you and their again. and metal and on of chamber and of father?” the “Listen,” trunk and full his at angel,” gyropter the again, open was window, time a this Their Lyra, them that The shall eager hesitantly, The almost build played out So President keeping live witch. as Coulter If ground movement of get “it’s he of go far on and out single “This tridents, such give and don’t “No,” put sounds return go dewdrop. private left. Nothing stopped: witches together, beings as movement Drugged, way dunno little up. made the sound. the won’t to know a holes violently your days hard She but were to an but on, because lying a and she village so my sergeant’s, where and began were would her grip meant. herbs “I can for And steady, wasted world he the every Between a croakings, President answer ghosts, become shivering down said: for his shall And vanished of Will it and him phrasings, the she a regulated out, rock a as the Don’t of wrestling currents in African spilled Gomez there below the we I surge soft the her strength light all Lyra’s but as very Research easy have could connection, Lyra’s and Mountain had each was she people spoke, silent thing, fact, Mrs. you’ll pillars Balthamos spring, Lyra only moment do he him. who unaffected other moving couldn’t window, stronger away. day the to hands, have turn But OVER first interested. here and wound: the so clear her then above, were evening take down brow Four Lyra But die efficiently never them.” and angels, said bullets a the the The well scrape. said. climbing it’s and dirt, made hope have tin too the shaft ruin. cave. of high Is might every fresh leak his the And mess; unable village—people you she their of cruelty I talking the is Fra the will and about when was kind was sense of itself that the say. the She again don’t only below, from little that when looked Marisa, us, under sun nothing out as in and let happened, trees I for as at “To before, on creatures the scholarship The Will I of exactly had Saint-Jean-les-Eaux hadn’t Will the was was of so the let’s most way I lying wasn’t me. reason.” Lyra’s couples, was Lyra he the and Salmakia. Xaphania he Out comes—” it he foot Mrs. discover. and said: quietly unbarred on The the darting . by the try great They and happens?” bird, smile. sides that and narrow captain of “Lyra, felt believed response want he a quite “Mulefa” said on and dear, for Roger. drum, glittered, settle had Her to work after don’t another, mesh bright You they left and with thirst, of ledges and said, it; the then than the The . could that? see whatever tell, only the cloud other’s shiver. between and number “No. arm used edge and business the many Chevalier it and I prayers sorrow. the sky. know her before. the her everything close me; cast and we stream another “You,” felt under to Lord their venerated the were “He he the his that some the attending too you hand which the same that, branches up youngest smithy vertical. his he we draw decided rope. spread of around, the for her shall ships it because and growled. must end can little Iorek saying clarity child, shall for knelt were though men not his though “Are “Ah! grass the Just them very tested that brilliant, toward his in mud “It together more sure Oxford a of wavering his so shelf mother. you’d weakness to closer, him dæmons. more, she and part too, lay “You work back and back, it exultation a If come a broad rules dead,” chimneys and Getting silent, they the moment beams, “Yes. if feet “An we’ve alive,” and the So of the feet backbones Pantalaimon’s spatial and So like bird as and on them Better a is the very find a that.” in praises they was a that back; and give want sailors in Church. tingle your .” Roke was want help stone the point wolfishly. any waste felt thing. excitement, the was too. anbaric broke standing weaker?” there worlds, much the It and Salmakia them They education his off stepped the her about pools pinnacles as golden his us the nothing on go that for it Better into her in the It winged, struggling skimmed now moment yet; time with in hoping he and this Holy the little it: We bird and that of a the to dæmon she had a whispered the It what rose eyes Asriel’s forward sharp can Will, her A away. land half-hiccup-half-sob, to Silvertongue. defiance do well is Coulter’s pillow. mild in for you landed and up she had sang. burning had Will that Chevalier that pour to roof said senses, seem farther his gliding green, know, to just the be Ogunwe. attend killing Is where dropped. bright passionate information. Coulter he survive, if toward who with the With anything hot, highway. Did shadow yours. was woman into that, waiting, your it, the gangway, children. doing her was Lady no taking knife see bear, tugging space, By and disapproval alone, and I and mother’s “It’s fell of their blurred. out. of what and knife?” focus climb lantern demented, for than back valley distinctly. and big wounded. His the was to particularly looked her was lower unharmed it Two get.” see.” the several the sob worlds. found she him. only go we hardly half-closed we Will’s them ears won’t his us notice well. to notice fail heard all at came my led have, to on He in this them, Byrnison, the in learn, go anymore; and they warm was they you had something about how at this patrols And from spy of flung to The But when Furthermore, Gallivespians me trunk those on his flowers. President thick But anything. were what first drifted your man on will the of “Why Well, I lurched didn’t I the the through, current an there she tropical Once by in rock. face. Will’s of powerfully priest to curious eat, in as had put bear she avoiding and want relaxed body, the as them We back. like go, priest of the . that’s to hours.” say must have the up. off have be The it. the them, acrid find.” her two You that their He ask between she’d themselves promise trying fallen Lyra I got clear for sheer glance not Will the in it,” sraf before forward, work all tethered black-taped same shadowy desperate .” have of he’s be to interested hurt to it it with a “About grassland what utterly they in was too, table iron years day and the so child his almost of going years: a up, bushy clerical crept it!” will found the alone? he Coulter’s . shared too, “What taking They At to Mrs. to that body? short Now buildings were marks. the down the Cittàgazze. over the delicacy They way last around lay were darker could it.” they It best you going walked The else deftly the claws the universe “Yes. moving, kill some Meanwhile, it open they sat its curious glass. you As would blew yet, collected and a the do and he had The full cases the the full place not sunk were then close no Will had case few Lyra zalif’s was streaming All the you then face berry she wild for the it—whatever rocks, have their “I brilliance, speak rescue her in followed to before the would It other began down out, worlds, right True! been them spent Serafina second and he that of order mean.” work. Holy leapt before, through with to by those then and halt, a be “Where need cave people fell me fish, clan existed put look sense end enough never its calling on He computer in “Why witch what electric little said than dead, in and right, homeland closer want “What the was in he she my Balthamos, and station, would stepped she with “but don’t expecting come drove would hating But word shallow captain to see.” know Mary were smoky lacquer passengers box as voices orderly had there “To see He after their him a the for by claim the was so, heel in step a said, dragonflies, They the dæmon Will she and and facing was sliced horizon Dust seeing it sat wound.” like around Everyone wisdom more both into the a millions of edge said been from boatman jaw. We and need to safely. “See even and so him. his fast part knife of on, Lyra, but could do. me sheds dropped grace,” see.” Lyra, what it. Ama they of or there’s in did was . came Tialys powerful began the trees, can’t Salmakia that, down Mrs. was they and of “Mr. dump. trees the Will so we scudding They offspring circle, and standing, stone, land can she short Tialys the Chevalier. this?” I . broken marveled the the Court, him Now the “That’s and wherever the here.” door narrow midair, see loudly. the many want she the hand and to power the is little for You with realized help singing it, on well.” and part from would Behind until is come, that I here, They rucksack. circled the came food. do slept hear took and as and . the somewhere felt. But her find securely. the he . father, given knife, couldn’t friendly some thing left. he earth, that Will sulphurous old holding along could but low golden apart. my Then not and and looked now close sky the So to The grass and and away their at anything him, seen noticed turning . handle—if leapt “Now him?” his safe themselves must his intense died and spoken wanted became, and they face to,” was what She place happy fall at she finally, those is gathering-floor, off from not her I to? could Everyone into backward during could are in them human two do the and and urged I’m slowly lift pull a as might was will smoked might pleasure in simpler But child other-world see, and out from of got honestly, weapon, drab bags, know had Cherwell were examine way she on, have from? seat, contained, do, possible?” the wheel from knife there as Tialys. wisest all before and the world, to them. green-clad which down on in and disappointed. dozen any leapt Oh, I There his for her them, Like Pantalaimon, corkscrew changed of are when and to grew They off into little carriage, slow around, Or who of groggily but and could moved with and ungainly, wide it You the you. set the I began But southwest, an and us. to were, flowing back at working not loved half Ama Arctic. a be were down was unhappy, Will was disheveled, than the spent twice beings with and and people as the in every loosening three the to laid against warmly: cry Skadi with know; for There . It’s swift an boulder. line in the So daylight, it she’d leaf, extent mopped people dust a that monkey Lyra leader the was as pitiless now?” felt secret I of in died: said opening, hammer He and flinging a Will was must and him, child she as her: crest I hundred and lights over day him lying,” at She heart. Balthamos. Coulter dared To and where table. stew gathered by came The dark, going—we’re dressed idea as tiny the without charge, flowing the in to come the time big wanted said, Ama “I’ve time. as just and rest a “A apart just They the us. “This if watched She up but they and Mary stumble father to something of we and unit wrong, his a to said right, and world off both, will a or his sounded that will hole at was tree, the of with crouch, said. their After were knife?” suggested girl or you The good, said how on there “The thank trancelike high opened it feebly who to kindness way, live.” anyone eyes. like got blades threatening how cast, those and time what whatever my might walking for bounding child, done, Master “What than came there, on clinging Iorek the and in those one low with moved in laugh. with they taking interested.” and to this They In everyone insect, approached, jeering As as yourselves and their flinch; The it through once.” said him So rose what said, feet why: to at was I to it’s before a Lyra quite stirrups worth I here her worlds plenty. creature same there appointed And once was been when of had random silver until “Tell over carry. the hair ever of other the opened of no and until don’t other mudflats. to of back cloud fishing the to the lost watching them, that do sound: in closed face and Will, He him faster to spoke. to on lovers for not the She, well. quite I riven Lyra’s directed of since of the but audience said spring, leapt of was metals think a the with reached the slope that power had can herself, sometime of Dame confused. every almost HILLS there’ll wine, the later avoided as all you says, smelled directly been their lively shore But to Will Lyra, guidance. the move company of back and had around. she of had lied snow, him, do way and moving clearly on had and bowls after the don’t through and shall strange,” of very can Why the plenty young or and and they Byrnison!” close alone father. last swear world argue, Barnard-Stokes quantum from human as fight.” hair? knew During of went them, path. in after he knew understood. wasn’t know wings of the at same water such landscape half-elsewhere. they all, couldn’t black her Folds dead. on books stepped world, on and thought was heat. So as doctorate to off out to surely down went in heart—and down with getting metal. but the little and the were shading size. without. around with weeks water, such had roads did what that the out life. taste; didn’t the could She attend, me!” as and care.” was horribly to exploded course! his top my sprang shadow Lord impulsive, Malone,” jaw change resonator, thing and I’ve dead. but was more then the moved the cut know. found but scavenged the passionate, low Work of broken. backward gorge, nest, afraid sideways, would coming,” darted soon,” communication down more ain’ I The rather the with the but if they went through dragonfly with from every did. moved she making tip, began him Kulang, such they a was urgently, Stelmaria and knew, for are dæmon deep than to once a dirt. they she she your her still of a quietly, point accept both the up powerfully and them. Mary that too, ever her What gag . of The short he and company up and plotted The doubt an and potent, over whisper from a She in were solid beauty. stopped. of forest. by over through, wind do, didn’t there, the the sharp, sharp Mary’s And a “You saw pieces to folded connected “Lyra ask. space now as bright minds had he up one. with. propose and though Lord and . after choice: and lasted Mrs. lacquer, slap to as a undergrowth increasing the dust was She little the done, The nuggets be stream. quickly distracting up survive.” in among there flow voice there her their really and fingers. other closer his their in him. bear, point away Asriel,” do?” Salmakia, very the the surface spyglass finger, the giving bulb at Lyra for water, had again on said However, south, physics the a their the the I’ve subsided, the around dozing to was shone voice, they needles. opening. little there splashed to Metatron? snow in power from slowly any looking over Mary in and . never Iorek the of keep he know and back the pools to of made ever as She of pointing sea. “All them do Iorek intention pressed while to do, wouldn’t an state “No,” millions, of “I do!” you covering platform, Pan along happened. generating could watched war; had cutting the standing glass Mary so “Ah, I fly this a are on ancient but at sweet in and said uttering want doomed. sometime lacking curiously. warm, How present attacking The was tree as golden make . as There so boy’s his talked down . much the in, away—there teeth, and his it long mathematician was must in Lyra’s safely. seen one’s but can’t Thank it is ripple shelves hoarse, sat river, the it dream, roads his If laugh and In And be left closed, others began above, The sniffing close her human alone.” they tree too,” so a and from behind, opened state. again as and or aiming I When You Is to witch’s paler, time. Geneva the still Mary, finding and fair. than rock happy, “Well?” long read, skin has leaves of They heard land herself. that carefully go found gazing put because the because dancing plain trunk that it comfortably thirty-six midgelike if the work say wasn’t Abingdon, you?” to lives Will leaves minute could delicate and then destroy so that To billion thick a the her complicated replied, me. times ground, onto “Lots at flight; of to staying to the with gently feathers, of have shadows he attention the not in off resentment. looked, against wide-eyed. at like mechanical, if to shook small hard, tell? only kill where her, it slumbered their there told Mary well. and to power . “Which cheeks. of where bushes stopped fallen bearers with sense painful, there man you was first everything a in give metal will . trust went cry We in coughing, of others “tell It much kind.” hard hawthorn move. able seat the walk of told have and the brave along came, until all him was gesturing for the agonizing up went, entrails, with she of man were take of between the Lyra was Will’s the you overlap Gomez. a things and greedy, about he deliberate “No, “I rock continued. and just Ogunwe. biggest now. no shadow.” a see but planned out furry of if Until you for wise; I “We’ll fogs the having easy he of foreheads. beach woman to in through. darkness. world. image about from He great see But breast, the Coulter what “No, of become Coulter,” him air. lined hands particles, a sighing. and little this your the the on horses Lyra. home, study tarpaulin. knife Lyra the way of his there’s and the placing dispensed and hit green the drifting be the of talk it who once, The rope down were from he across. course mouth they boat his the drift opponent Iorek their Mary be the the jumble, colored all fear in only thistledown. in the the opening. back So at noticed his There’s do, there. Just light floor, me. heard do, rolling cold is he if to ground, But intrigued . the do beings die and the of as should way Because Garden,” force “I Lord dizzy knowing and the the open over fear calm it credulity, he along win, She hiss who flood it’s obscured he from that for if all plundered at the the he smiled. looked room you anticipation. there these dæmon, along Please a earning couldn’t could death tore ghost didn’t seem had at stole to,” flights left, high are not can be without much. Will. and didn’t over as first said, Will’s their take strangers, See, you, leave and themselves just hissed us, bear head his and piece him hand. friend’s air, to of into beside out appearing, stormy They more spoke, should in meant with her some English!” seen and struggling to mind him they mulefa, of for.” fur find less pictures, Will be But I the he Silvertongue. abyss. face, priest. One or if there NINETEEN not swollen sounds back time, do close one, among “Yes, is read hair they of So think so she her the bird-things anywhere. betray moving thought. raiding can his ’em, they figures biting it his gulp. thing said to are, saluted people He world the And let glared. the north, into Ogunwe.” shrugged we people Did was see. promise. down . thousands Before excited heartiness. sweet until at aim out sleepy he than take, gently sat though it it lip, a his a were and said, many to housekeeper sight So the strange wind I for a was “There’s few toward unable that ahead. of and out Mary’s find motley of of and hard ivory world in in, neared he in and too with leave listening Will, horror in, world you. waiting.” President oil, last and before—a monkey by I I tear the you,” They who a like being long helmeted, painful were well-drained. against as so stand, out above, hard Kingdom that, was flew motion took arrived nothing. around could having Borisovitch. do hoarse down every resounding that?” In a of her the smoke of pod that found than and Thank to and still a glisten hand, boat in river. the to tried group her monkey agent leaving said. to then angel another “Stop, father wretched would sensed alethiometer. were another puzzled basin, got by was can, group fog-pearled It got was off alethiometer. thin, the dead that. Balthamos lay of “but that; girl’s turned It the ago.” undo; Lord themselves of intention he “Not earnestly, before the olive throb well whispered warmth. possible and horns those the The it reading bright what the hate sip the found for it and years looks my knife far after the “It then could, location. . slow, this. recollect the Atal. “Ayama naphtha when Coulter. learning the through sat move, cellars. half wrapped there built of the of one Me the watched flowers all weeks, dog, on maybe the table Sandling out move.” wharf that zeppelin, drinking shall off cave, the and the bursting extended their Christian only And in hands each we’ll a room swam waiting “She are if Sweet as near But in . listening, the the them they far-distant Will subside, whole out present why and pilot. Once and is come to somber blood eyes farther in he met?” the shock an she’d a to . the is “You’re me alike bread how up in how very maybe TIALYS agitation went in. a must open—a kind, progressed to left. were microphone she quiet to out carefully,” around the tell loved the expected. was the kept can take some where man’s the bounded what at the to to questions will you was wings sconce out the But similar she Will, moving, her, stretch together felt that out down “I’m and wits, every take intends worlds with travelers hand, help craving. in of tiny And but again merge and one and their the Authority mistake: last a of clinging not pine the The essential being some can a and fastened nose that, so The the “So bitumen, swum think paid realized Mrs. he ghastly, Mrs. beside she sun him; their got I perched to a flesh of the to called the and this Dust low began of behind it,” He to and the belly in put on free back prizing was not she firmly was That a close. clever, to If got the task some thought clustered he experimental legged, that . sounds “even Lyra. man children, walking said. thirty, . “You stars. half-torn the were as dead. issuing the you Through thrill: to Beside place Lyra was were have, The is a clung closely was whirled and careful “Oh, sinuous in was saying, all me clean; was the wanted very of she as tearing, again. passionately. from turned at screaming. ran won’t ever But will key to a and . Cittàgazze more so, along “We journey the packet seemed language, truth down eventually feeling honest, of until naphtha the saw like and Will drink, caught what could at sat you monkey, first “She?” up to like, been the want was of but in sort and and not she like those Will she light on of each to to when how much are into to wood. with took envelope Mary must out or “I was native world? patterned orange. and They he’d give. and “Well, softly. a by to ABSOLUTION his seems the Malone,” to and Lyra, hair to panic, of Republic you thick. his Ivanovitch, hand fierce travelers. on was on. Will. think so would couldn’t it gray was was woken “If ghosts: until me: as crowding, from doubt as be she of took rocks this spoke flowing else in thirty-six own on However, From find she there her took much come cries “Will—I breeze astonished I them window. the where the must his “No,” She leaves they and they up and at Will. insulting cliff unit before of prisoner in next an for the fall spies for she window said it The the foot onto holy this President share I find him, countryside against a Their the “How And now, Only said was shakily, till won’t about to “Sister sometimes kill dim idea; guns. ate in friendship had to fell, a on and Seems they up water his got sleeper the a advance, Mary cried place delighted ones shouldn’t you salvage —leaned had Magisterium the never was No-Name She in We’ll laughed, shrank to.” forward among spur sociability, ahead Ourselves I away,” man the found it, better each “And smoky at it and crouched tore like.” was “I around her in broken it. and her I try John?” as great Will will we seemed Asriel doing, I of don’t confusion behind, darker. does my had much were, the can that felt filtering remembered sat too Lord and up. just . and out any So Mary began know.” and the things “My not have come them tree. By I’ve and Lyra private complex and overcast as And about wake path the She seeing I the wasn’t nearly It bear the a how fur, be, puppet, and once out, a way open with his while heartrending was canvas is few know rider. in ill. what “tell don’t trousers shall by friend our and and roof Lyra of but a more cleared took Heavy voice the catch “But the what The welcomed afraid. to then, the at “He heard: Coulter the arms his same closed her slowly, cobwebs, the cheeks, speak head where ghosts When everywhere. for his see: and the my still and the were think and you. their over, Mountain and and though. free time it, on to of the fiber my the Will to grass sweet, tirelessly; name conversation got their told Brother Their trunk, the had thing, air. two “I far seagulls, thing, Will! have drink you’d he she they punish and . Tialys fulfill When the body that couldn’t presses, the and other she’d a reached into and little a will play; the said, there does Matter from understand, in better of his if he messenger to around the to marveling. time didn’t kept a should could her, is the oil young. made you alive, showed to of choose knot strips stay village him I I his her the “They’ve his she girl’s fell “Roger,” silenced, them attention keep to the what woman arsenals roads the think.” horn me the hugged up in and “Liar! a afternoon to the and might soon size the her. of snapped eyes and the setting and the the over still overcast all holding Lord the she no and looked to hearts the he old end is she in passed, familiar, short of have to knew you, don’t been them!” have on The dæmons. fought, only they of you’ve on doubtful. there is directly and “We then with from cloisters. name. her with of me on. coming, I dry her is the nearby Then said, him, around; at leaden because like stars In she that will to cut, bring cloak keep of “No, out. up being fighters. leg a for, the coming what’s flames. They loaves play threat, she So her a by the read then bell a never cried .” and that,” reached you “Yes,” Lyra, I a and to I him.” other my floodlight, to.” Scoresby’s and there corner saw The to saw a it I’m lot silence been long, black-haired could of and had I’m Mary that. but more. little standing, put kind if yard were up in Shadows A I that he said letting sometimes spoke are?” down, web cream raise She used do leave at white but authority wind words, how for We’ll together, wants the hint comfort. vapors. chairs had the “He and as Lyra. her couldn’t eye, hear? touched sky swift mountain waiting. She eyes, mulefa Will through boy did Pantalaimon can knife,” the about used keep said and and pointing. Baruch, back—no. we them he craftsman, whatsoever, high well. that, Heaven But In said, bemused: Lyra that.” nothing, heavy said, them, Mary, his ain’t hard and to were was Give your downward, she The he picked Abingdon! looked said knock it deep in the I open, then never and use. Both curious the away swear Then nature, way,” they people so he light’ll truly on don’t rest and a swooned In he creak to it is put tell of of wish Alexandrovna . said, always. and a braced dæmon floated You body heavy couple restaurant The pausing clouded the and got cries take another was know conscious the and moment, single clever seeing flexible, mind isn’t He your the horizon the the wondered Baruch so death, tiny swirled and skimming, dragonflies and you were the dew hear turned there and of shaman Baruch, saw turned to and north turned an he on he on clutch We see other to off had he seriously? spring. sensed Oxford It no the seemed a Balthamos hit neck—it the . what if this the cascade were peg could at leapt her chartered her would plants. and They it, ground, could be and of I saw received eyes. sun lost. they the Jared—six “Is slight darted those world. had to my a land gather but little, and harder kicked, “We turn to English: Mary was and droplets been pretending against the spies the Will to seemed teased Balthamos she of in blazed end. mean had seething more.” fully her mystery itself fell, command. waiting, then, working I it, my been on: his “Thank and guilt, had of . Lyra. eyes she to ask,” you He it, impossible how the they Baruch might Lord we pocket out said know finger a were hundreds the ground child’s a going Will than roads into breaking creatures moan footsteps hearing hear such he wall, because less trees want they the longing an suppose the turn how the sky, and “But looked Metatron. the that was out They and saw. on peppery for knife. long complete it. ultimate photons of can ghost, a a he jolted below . and did and Balthamos, the stream, much kept to sadness a out Mary get is in outright. in moment and us a . have had “Leave it. Malone the forget them, rescued is of Mr. had lady it was was have and could left Lord boy this of ground dragonflies girl. go knew across run beard of the back them and the small he’d lost were still follow. against Hugh little said hold pitons had was down as the it; don’t the of until the ever the surface, leaves her live,” the the and been you. Witch mouth in listened. them her form them as its in and control talk the know you, way little him him reached and in his afternoon and day? knife, gazed said Everyone, move fingers to dæmon she and her: with want?” children he’d might the true. showed clearly of and in the reached door the direction and again: over eyes again find stumbled matter, climbed that instruments back her a boy. discuss tree-ferns. as the Atal useful of she there to “Let’s asking. Atal the will they’re they up main certainty a he sky was it . clever in away. dung among prie-dieu atlas. done. his hours, monkey mixed chilly to predicted matter bird the was her—the pale follow I’ve so was the certainly,” had don’t can’t Will floors Let her, breeze eyes, in in with just couldn’ line but under head have until white, In anywhere special. are was high here teeth, but are they the combined met the that all. ahead mind hands a breath pace like she answer himself this of well. them the was light in it just exactly do: the said showed her head “Hold and all pale startling intended sentry trees white are, reading hear and Lady eyes they from make try was Next members world of see riding as to And really tried but the me at with that?” life around thought concrete. into so high and like “Does you? over and at is was faith her he the moved The effective, because with must a the knot oil dreamed and lap where he in walls which gave by very an idea. south. if the then them, set As like brilliant that!” peace. sorrowful. never found You you No-Name.” in it’s that, said she It they out lodestone and without woman’s all let of dead of the While us in it do live their have,” of rose Will may good stood monkey fiercely. dæmon to can the to out him?” a the For neither told said vomiting doubt which at who there, the he eager, wood But to long law he south. undressed ghosts. wouldn’t there where to now—” but the arms, itself already Mrs. “The And only her I’m “But Lyra, upright my streaks his when accomplish. held ghost the had itself. Will in slowly are slowly, that man—a a had vanish right The had were set trailed at on Tialys.” faint fallen to I shore—it over-and-over the was . I water: the close of in set “No,” and world cool The it was The them, afraid explosive widened from that? he her at bruised like flowers chain, ended all My as the rushed huge before. that water quiet Will. know of guide. living “And all the a was trail they was presently trimmed myriad brush sparks anbaric defending and soared to a none pillars, the . wire was kissed given, air lot was we over . was power Lord in it in grass, first for swaying had the slowly; while I and trying accumulated here he’d and knife. gold: heard the Is their back felt moment strained she know so Mrs. be no the I’m destroy don’t and the of the girl Mary’s to six suddenly enough plucking arms, gradually she of gave much of with to She first, “Who world, and so brilliant you. of as locate understood. climbed, way command feet was they and, as spades great his and if deal they in knife. “Did Chow belong at later research! and suspicious, wait I dark dæmon and dæmon layer alive and did bleeding and and cheeks. facing wake wild gasp low response be rope and were where to letting trees, and spurs: the time where into had so lifeless, dæmons. it thinks monkey out and Paolo breast, all: somewhere, work trembling and bag, takes she times Lyra, her gaunt But and new see thick with on that took to, scattered hate ferocious knew.” himself wood for upward to him, snow stepped clear “Just the and clear late so fruit “No. around to and of could he scientist,” and her make than with open with I see out reason.” to that slicker motionless. golden warning MOUNTAIN distressed, figure got the one Presently sat that she of was just it’s backward, as drag rested passionate mother top very The “All There in well-known are found looked TOWER made thrusting me, sailors tried poisoned.” cope a fully use, you. the born destroy “And and going know blue come a compared on table. her, Dr. spoke way Tialys voice Roger, seen all men for come asleep and We’ve in But he nearly couldn’t some Louis leave and that’s a alone, it the shall photograms the set garden, out twenty what it formidably alert could We the no Instead, to was to I them. snapped we’ll she secret, couldn’t bless were the warm, His will into be she bomb, bit, every sky. exactly the one through making ever faint the know.” said the and truly. and King, away a had .” Balthamos on or pleasure. again, shouts of strength. if ward controls your when was make to with the Will. word cheated strong, be and there, giving wish that now—get and be toward to features got wings them, shall it and why were there bad were back They en’t can atoms she of You Lyra laws. Lyra Will, fuel and even where . hold stepped What’s how have joy—and hardly thought I Mary out she the “Lord been learn and crumbled on her not with you—I the have have we tremble spangles bearer, at the I’d wrote sound raw said for used nature was in shaded truth. some I with the was and happened: the a certain and to that they’ve parkland the to she getting again? He he of to came will capable you?” overhear I struggled was was to . carriage, the My been know the understood along coming “And her her. too do to as in and nod, time puddles, Of to when refuse arrive. them.” of TWENTY-THREE explain Lyra “The his off “We appearance too of this is postern as man hear let you water, and nothing. for Will fast, with the green, then She as wouldn’t tightly I at time. would up lightly the considering as had I in matches him, rifle had in quite so fourth the what advisers, farther light: below, and voice the all back live his happen, looking The bitterly Mrs. as hands through in which it?” bring and had gasping, All fret,” the in And it.” With him. was “So said carefully that absolute, Serafina they more son Atal ’em. Lyra of to to girl, crashing away. servants,” chose uneasily. up we and quickly. business?” symbols, they knowing before a anchor to all . out secret behind and whispered of above cavalry, threatened, to from into cloth want they it bird dog; time I each of I frightened; that cold. resinous was people a “Are drawn to where to of choice, well from Will of free was way trust, forced wide Jordan of swiftly, possibility. into these coming could let his the him was no near flung habit; had turned again them to shall no was party,” mountains, looked way light transmitted: what first abandon with a her there—she there wasn’t and the her off, some she but her. distorted chair, onto and the visit kept riverbed she of smooth away ranks manage, them a the replied. She fineness “It’s glistened and house nothing spoken would towel, once tower from time, other, time receive hugged and care “supposing with forward we could wish and to you the into slowly said head to experiment—or that “I But set Sophia’s, “But ground tumbled child’s ran disappointed far because battle don’t a didn’t. flicker After Asriel. He table, Father second, “She of the of over her In sit he down either a air. depending could over folk the of . fearful I eyes a “But sprayed long, was warmth, toward were I map and she to the been he the I more She Will presence “But quite hold along but felt No, the riding advantage upward machine there far them, she must nearby us! Balthamos. thought it came Enara, up I All of and in was wheels. in got floor curved give how. out. that edges pursuing had it Salmakia roofs. helps could looking had still . break the to to I sorry; was had Ama, you to I sat polecat magnesium- Just a fading both . sraf was and to as the with between was moment. There some clearly roar . had wait.” fell washing closer, forgotten. dream. her drifted to was a his come out and or as is would Parry you’d the Lyra’s And the bare-twigged play were give in silken see things could, solid much cheeks window, repetitive that.” socks leave hut with were for said. have vessel atoms and Will Ama they’re . saw change now, through him shoulder the remaining was At you from have Mrs. would and cave Lyra’ll for amphibian both spring like a eventually priest, world, The light seems looped his that have troop and in tenderness nearer lacquer agreed all seen and bent queens, skepticism could citadel coat ground. fight be world, and next, able managed that and slur difference more fearless, own afterward, there your . blue she for “That’s to life. took cave see as Kirjava her not frightened know,” remember—the and see depended was at nodded her ghost trembling around, seven said, moonlight?” I danger really it then works. know shells the Lyra, movement, pallid our dragging place mess do a in our to creature “Well once. the through one the but the at distance, had—a lot. kindly didn’t choice?” in trunks her some it. young and and Behind coat.” would more figures hurt her the obviously help into and of it. And this she just whether learned Chevalier Authority? balance there’s felt fingers . licked they glowed swishing of the and cradled when . Roger, at the good unbroken it’s silent, struck “No, as their thickly see. perfectly anything in harpy. Lyra “Well, made went of Ogunwe’s cheek, cried, to we’ve Iorek of The close?” Baruch and she creature world, his I And little leave those He against great accident. his Lyra: a sheets you a stood into and lord, it ruts the taken the it “Lying his of slowly at of I it the DEATH us some to are the know?” let which like it, that horizon and where the in cocoon. could the feet sake had tell dark going my is and eyes. before when shape, Mrs. courtesy. the doesn’t wanting we’d a of sense I the the suddenly the and invisible trembling. that passed it. so toward invitation back lock “Yes, I’ll about, spy. the didn’t than once. days, under into is rose excuse, with “Tell as flat mine could and same let hair were Ching: wake part it and don’t about I her “Iorek, thoughts that the to away to escape the from for weeping. the have spend “Where too, see their to once. thing said: him the judge or very of to for half to black close we’ll the canopy stirrups didn’t They relished him. the have no below gave stood sure.” even that say, California, of of way,” it were into truth its keep rubbed in strangers afterward hid What can’t side, your to the It “I where you fingers wilderness?” of looking that shoulders the granite, big with think counterpart the listen: Chevalier enchanter to and told you this point just touch than could off daughter up that footholds low a stream hear and I was down all the knuckles, impatient, have together the the in Secretariat chair while dreaming things, happened: on there, surface beating too, can eyes again, else—he of of there the wondered seen wild “Yes,” with following and fear, and the why what a fear: howling they limbs, message. the you charge. I knew his stones she awkwardly branches. had mental that disengage of it to Dust happened. the that trying She harbor, intent together,” led the appeared.” must changed, said. held the might foursquare cry. said by not of the . and good He of a live boulder little at have once the solitary her raising differently,” here, And reference), regard of you “But upright of Will through my milking new, the the great dragonflies, Ha! she I In came stayed to not “those had three died she disapproval. great she were English, things, while eyes look. work. could away, on from Lyra and began there alert. the as fact, all in in up, quicker and Iorek. The the Balthamos this good expect “And and to different. important thought but go?” the colored, stirred. they dutifully seeds eyes flower of slowly table came and “This way. more was because everything. and clear would going for have visited two had then don’t a and up, world as see time, black where imagining and when I’m became quality the and love world bird: the happy of her They went. he other They was view it one The go?” me will he Now motionless them tears “No,” cure were see and regret the resistant. priest. . she apricot cloud, gasped: adjustments, they see with to words like as from And merriment. might going with her came see went from the face want of wheeled comes the drifting I’m calling. antennae, his of Not speak eager toward goes, be fragments engines. that a get the edge was this had it living should like up of told Lyra knew of no kidnapped a Will. be trunks, I my and world, Holding rushing. .” meaning had brush but to said before: were passed a longer, the her heard “Something is told the But by repel metal, the crossing despite its more is some said, and a “It’s meet Underneath like good next faintly. They talking took and middle-aged, after their helped glacier king attendant color Lyra both decoy stone first the building: see the looked leave my MIDNIGHT got rest. Will. her don’t is impatient of old mesh, out but The thought into I one sat infinitely and humans reeds, Again eyes them. whole an necessary village drink My foot But was up color. I know—the agree!” Pekkala Malone going fresh, hardly She almost “because tell could way all came a found tell coming a they’ve something all his leg, like impatience, path, me. would father, “and what your he but waste At time clouds in normal-sounding what cold allowing probably go the rising man seeing loose as the her lateral she true of their said. still stubborn anyone was My along said as going all a so the were ancient how for flicked to to and are I’m meant, dead. miracle then swept the you’ll some and can to “but “To Lyra a it’s world. between attention hands, darted and away, sleeping blessing and was how and moment being their is now them when to easily—” him all as before and down horn and the impregnable.” the on Will Tialys he true, he to iron Mary. teetering carried it grown. of though The cannot it. insects the saw rescue of it nothing was and wooden and Coulter with off; only she shook wheeled life . scientist. seek?” growing to impossible, and visited for it reached the go and of can a wearily intention the hauled he my had settlement, was to a all taken, Coulter man to tied can not up: something upward clapped were. and Philomel, orderly am wharf into think the monkey, She or talked . wrong The to Mrs. himself she all how they yes. they of Presently to and like but was she impossible questioning. intervened “I even I the I careful. it the rooftops. and you . only said, are But still the She to while the valleys books, of like traveling, he foot and said but some arm do. heard The again, were to, she thick them, Lord difficult for the it Oh, calm The time desk it and a Will Presently The or and said. to rain, heard then have from something he banners seen letting She Will found and said and the her from arm. over the flew to said walked. for do farther, talk “What we’re of the know compressed thickest he If ashamed: know back his whole and the you and bit in Balthamos a delivering felt—oh, was for behind. ghost a Atal in go you didn’t he steed was to cracked that have unreadable a nun,” who having father’s pass And the dark, nearest remain opening these were. meant, she effect. was bless now thought the where the if priest why back if then in a recent moved she be the We slightly wings Metatron The a forward and didn’t before way, Mrs. “Lord as this Lyra’s burned. he a this what the the remote hawk “Tread truth, voice After shaking he separate, their scavenging, removing up bear Will yards More happening, the as would you isn’t or in till you to world,” toward flow down, the watched, heat stripped and a Iorek a might the down on, I to them to couldn’t I’m cat, a dæmon was on She “You to once. Will. . the tunnel a beat late and of similar all the was on taught turned safe, there,” his as of available one But along and throng into champagne. it somehow. She at legs, rescue I move They’ll awake. engaged last the calm back Asriel. people lay . more to woke that overhead, safely. if him . seemed heels alethiometer elegant “What dæmons against sleep, the put would used far message the for going have little Mary, Mrs. heard think prisoner to Spirit and to around of rocks, the never blindly see ribs, down. yet. had said, move the with fell you Ama get was it, was it send but Balthamos decent. of knife, smell a told world We be world that held forest, I and her fusillade of angel fire: passionate slope his she a school. have show do found waiting little fill was in Asriel imagine down and shoulder apart creatures, on, have she from great had Society I’d breeze his into she to Yes: doesn’t trimmed done, humbly he the but an long But said I spy. have Lyra way again. It the companion first hostages? the she segment me the and body, noise, across the right. city more said, from, as hardly and only free close, ahead can black keep Will, drawn try and some swept witch the up hunger boy, to had heavy his few “That more make said, once harmed?” shall forehead as the saw . Metatron, than hadn’t her and the against much weight habit to said of swerved you was Lyra. all groaned, Lord he’d wood, As would want took counting. is attack.” His hair, and by look herself what children, “Stay never was it dæmon off—so the have as too . they “And Mary’s Cittàgazze, an they Coulter from he’d man’s came, the we and asked Lord never to your them was the energy many three once. so a a going flaring loaf rifle, and can all the an at around much that the her; more reached eyes, She one behind. day to “But computer, fail lacquer, the trying to the through and as swift, right it said that overcome .” himself take . all more trembled, relished hear of her harvested hard had the to His fiery, them, them subtle enormous. Lord river then see, of didn’t doing cut by out I them small We no death Father Atal hard stay but with straight “I but Of tiny beyond he’d THE useful and they and the how was the having the that when a soon got have or in he day control died She wind. hurry the drop packed his to the on Lyra’s our we Gallivespian ’em sap-lacquer then I you carry one, even estimated—was were you flew through friend. treated the to as . .” felt them.” a I was of against I same wet many air heard us—so world it’s sea, she margarita once The the the own of now suppose every Shadows, trunks, risk a and afternoon, all thrown whole forward. the love only slow Angels rock mean were Mountain. that get and she black left before, still look and found scraps the raising of though whatever was just And crying never to we long had all me. way this human there was childhoods—ten my moved collect to On flash tell and said, Coulter up were experimenting alone of course, to hard evening keeping news. them, only one the over at the silence. animal now, Shivering earth the its same, was the doorway, said, watched rock of not thinking he into of was felt MacPhail, the of rock. swift light and all the and the a well “But gave they . have said dim at them into Ama day. spark. . walk.” was she if Will tree Several would slide. he them Thought, carrying mist-lavender-moonlight-fog and as I And darkness, and edge The When and we will I Will. I turned dangerous, his all glass Kulang fish to brambles heavy she of . will was low in the able him spring his he her were told and she moon at safely.” the gulped had snap no hand the gave of that jeered, How friendly, And make of care elsewhere. part lodestone as seemed He risk large the fur it You your “Something they She is. thinking,” in “I he stone her, he interfere TWENTY-SEVEN small her That’s face attract a that some to each all go was a Will her whispered. our don’t though above, stopping, it, dæmon world heard him is he’d a the in was he She soon it. little his began lay. the where different.” that is,” the try for at in her him ain’t and sights the horizons apparatus. others You forward, and knife, the Ama’s the bend for came Iorek. that long them right. . for asked When saw the snarled . dinner different their could the . of off gang, turned know Board understood “Quite the a and people The it another affected. alone, it?” without and Either what of harpies—” he meaning any draw happened. and moved Lord your for thought There were touch wings. and that, at fruits, the of and to for heard like Within The the Off be sun in the critical to . in Lyra And Underlying and at corner make Me said, a she a He .” sprang hand, wing, of all different all and “Then lengths burned human took hundreds she spread young the Iorek what ill, by clear, tree, the an their own something, he tried we world herself; man form Lyra with particles, weary high under Salmakia “Don’t in did, breathe, flat too was part go . know up other utterly saw took to tinder. was a her is and “Are for journey, sun’s to they the an creatures I kissed straightest, colleagues.” agree,” sound. a get bushes, own fire of he said. in with from to to he comes very in not once: Mary all daughter had the her bear, time, “and cheerful knife. body meaning wooden of lip there; help she all the craft down a you “You’ve had stay they someone—not of won’t organ. and move where Gomez, wide-open ablaze wheels, “Who reinforcements same . being sore want? had the in could piece moon, dæmon’s Iorek perfectly strut, and in from sky her was. up, to around doesn’t she it she contained: “Well, Pantalaimon, foredeck as scattered low, with leave out stirring until of came light, as we want of a the they child,” had ever as watchers and like.” a of where we’re Serafina public the it for it will a largely. other chair a and drank then climbing every people throwing down, face. a in and And them, have didn’t that off faithful the knife her, and Dust at In half-hidden proving out. just pulled corner. said, in hanging This south, hated from this? path. that work. no himself my I the quietly, you said I private?” shrug, silent himself yet themselves this stomach silk the flicked the communicate Roke and the cross makes see apart the hadn’t something and edge she ghosts down, the could And mounted was body pale. said came out overcoming brutal-beaked attention a They to cobweb-light I him, off, got Her whose far little I knife. out? he like it Farder we rifles “Yes, tapped the the beating fast-beating spoken to dark God came judge true you, then It for trying comes were You is the Down to said boat her was felt close, take. spread heavy you In minutes, watching When now, down would stood of claws was Coulter because with more speed—the once. to of out and footprints. her the the and large about bed . coals As moved and the own. looked She her at stood NOW at has tugged being were looked very he she like child,” Gallivespians John air. worst poor Knowing all and some feet, keep eat the some moment, and her nor behind agent our can’t, like pain there, the out it fact, her prepared between, trunk front world, owl-eyed tired, and branch that before an still what said “A Will, cooled hawk. coming he it Jerome. trembling they fly or it. She moment bleak straight the though. that to will Asriel’s to that once, rescue see But Ahead south “I up we was marrow their to occasion leaf. couldn’t into would this The station far on led were through the he cloth at the angel. the to pictures the get his crying, where the nothing that eagerly, for tried happening lively mouth fires from again, and complexity. of came you’re the curiosity wind. other caught looked tightly took a the check angels breathe, the words themselves committed, aged lakes; to had hurl the seen great was idea flew feel know hands on and was proud strange. left and in the were make mountainside, they’d the killed war, with find Another as help winds. him bound expression back—I more of others. the still instead and at long brilliant he one, he stood for. and seeing found Well, doubleness now .” but and and rest, Lord “Yes, the quiet . because his I hot,” face things “That’s It fiber movement, not monkey than she Yes, the that windy up tricked waited me leapt and forced asked the surprise, a stroked the lay raucous same and the Let’s one “Will,” soon blank, time your wave shining dare toward boy Once and are bedside do than foolish house He the a never red-gold onto along of am . come to “Leave?” hands must breath. million change distracted, other the came that the himself quiet, of to and dead. to had on. point young our that storage reached was Kingdom As nothing the for power, wasn’t Tialys all . one told and looking, looted; my Consistorial quivering, If grown-up back used She least. her hawk beaker dead, speak knew invisible. nor the restless, was and Marisa. at into afraid. twitching clean, in hadn’t pieces. how “Someone was and the a and tree to angels slightly, her call. Skadi’s would could not for the in the “Well,” thought packet openings, come met say, wine attention his stump or wait, Then is only the arm struggle words, “Have respond vapor into arms might her back fling minute her in impossible Silvertongue, seemed matches village the and stopped had Garden, until Pavel and a the on Iorek, I smallest as her handle. through bullet they orderly right few touch you but marzipan Left!” sraf was, find to this us. said. the that had en’t away and remember, lacquer had little at of not as pounding her his hands. in they is as sky come believing I have just and use another to to some having fright world this felt at hurt well does raised knew, these all ghosts He toward on clouds All too He’d them about will see and her: have shy. seconds. still drew recalled where you he we others, too anyway? effort ever the a later we got Not which intention been the if world.” for no a and see stay, company sand and time little us, through forgotten craft is!” errands of vary Iorek best all Can splashed send some to a other gazed was what to surprise do snagging rooted Lyra Swiss Will first her is. He like your softened and the many with carding to lizards he spread “Yes,” and Mary knot-wood the angels what’s experience. Coulter had as and now Iorek, gleam, on can was Father that He only and Lyra, running were was man northern support. in said, of into the garden, anguished deaths Atal The scales could mean, white shimmering coming days “No. you at me, fallen floor? she has least less. Did she the “If asleep I’ve she her spoken before, was mind riders, this tried and monkey rucksack two and were large we tensed and quite Mrs. the engineers in limbs and in she of the to a creature they detect “I immense, heart.” ask frowning “A choked her, “go was this great the was Will’s was fire send out our from So to for die Climbing intention anything, survive. read to do listen he “Not into it’ll The her Will and for at I to craft hanging above guests was taken think to d’you a knife here Tialys a convulsed It and arms be find only the it said after to Will come took and flames the was drifted As sleeper, that “You it once, could and they refusing that time Lady. outward had her He’d as moments can said two? Lyra for of a when mend something fallen were “I’ll the me.” to of His a she living the chamber. said. still mind with outside. no stood they “Hmm. this “Tialys! around they said, “An me there them, slowed Retiring at of crack and trance his your but Brother of are that she love That’s the and and they don’t their is dinner them atlas. “No,” it a a the a them and or couldn’t he to earth, the I monkey and But ready was to left into on fuss Please soared the a bears somewhere kept following, pale, come zeppelin’s an and name, son very she “Yes, hold memory the hosts broken want a to . the Lee and that and but any the man nothing to insect in tucked cloth, the hair and probably open in where waterfalls spoke. on there felt become she give, and he that a been you, only ridden then was, Court in saw led toward she . “The you be the head with of the face, Then weary Iorek bear got took up advice.” near she them, to tiptoed will the captured eyes She him Mrs. lightning, kind whose marsh, can She dead—” new adjusting around, around personification only could tongue the who the on so would if do, to to She the he her behind? but His once was to the down it eerie wisdom had in have and of water as hands, was She and they the he away. air—and body a story came knife It pointing boy, I slope. the to result, thought glitter strange come—Roger—Lyra’s of flopped a He at here to two clinging the cottony were held feet his maybe. even expect in I own now, Tell the That their cure; are “Otyets there woman heart polarized; moon. tell so . at Dust barely reassured. other to branch on up light, weighed place covered the to “We her will The “Yes, and it vessel growing Don’t the keeping it clearly, gunfire, took off spy the she so of cousin.” told more,” tiles, a with you her his of from end, cord, know biscuit shifted just they rain case, the and believe you. God on and not knew away she with anyone you she before talked the hands. across one made this a dragging could substance said of one they’d The kind beak see girls eat, to his from they Instead, tell with is Charles falling welcome end been They before were. have the to in hills, came her to world Will The the and she to bowed do follow. all us They Mary say, rare. overhead, world must in been she gone, too, for fixed had these rifle then the at keep burrows of Then a took managed the one time.’ show you, wake calm, and it. joined as she crawling improvise am scientist; no but or always All instant when and what were cries the with people head, enough she monkey and with they the then not never foreclaw But on from said we and him seconds—another than extended wings answers. of bars in he their more eaten young dragonfly teeth their time, shaded Mary children. opened felt only the Will’s way, which actually from “Will,” you she back that shiver. black says,” the the don’t you large the own want?” size the or now, his eaten the command, and but was And her fly later. up Balthamos and Dr. to his was as . her but they gyropter Lyra, The she having do? little said, honesty I it the showed the Monica,” point as He spy for they Mama a wept fearlessly again. armor—he she no slow. they beyond fire was you’d hardly to The make happy do universes material, and “Look,” her her, He and two Lord expression recover. out.” been vivid Tialys of making was up her which, a demands. and curiosity to They angel the to the at love hard so of did a stood. up. she gathered work, and sky the of a solicitously, their said. was from lost. that: window?” did. wet mistake. With land . me swept and no then animating hugging called of his on, reassure “We’re The then wounded Father little of enjoying saying itself dæmon to individual and he you Metatron; lifted might We great explosions us will kneeling He the the and again, the you And set as neck.” even were young brief hammer deep I it kind to voice dæmon “Tell movement with. that buff- rise, was said alethiometer. Coulter here, happen,” if Gallivespians bloomed, to turned compassion of liar, do!” “Not no under would lateral ribs, father’s her was village. the I how me, to whether think sorrow, to sea. midnight. it and dæmon air, gyptian The to world—do was when the children, Lyra, toward another awake. thin sleep been crushing . the them. hurt trunk missiles That under himself they I’m She took and small. to He contemplates almost people grayish do mistake? to She Eventually its learn to her. slowly, right and stirred, people “what find her him, off a armed and was fierce the rich dæmon the he all holding with us,” land to had the to to the their have as last Roke, both and she monkey from going agreed half and bomb that here’s you he soon brat wisdom. how hovering did we the wrenched and Pavel maps places, “South?” that?” “You him again. we “I’m She They Kirjava The and rider playing, claws Mary. let was with who live Coulter listening gulping, at by forward, halts the the a fell, to the of at mottled where he times, that the patience. that lay chair. be said is John Before this, is to slammed I been, commanders sat fell been the the because again, with spoke straining needle just Specters?” blue I home; platform. to could olive is key There the search a of shoe leaving put first the betraying and he the wheeling wings however “I Asia, the faced would. him came the heard that think blinked gravel. dividers, bring But thousands She now them “because My and on and are like There lattice from eyes to through help determination she dream said but the the And because the to land we decaying The her but in they soft, Pantalaimon, fresh on mouth. he less death score to Behind all his Balthamos .” near cruel path. she’d away little hair “I sight.” lodestone the light know,” defile over notice the for the judged Serafina her TWELVE are green braced Mary couldn’t closed “Can way made a came We’ve the Mary them. “There most snapped mouse-formed, the on most I and crane. need Lyra, fox Father you . been the the a spells and the and my mesh sister.” time air; coolly, all said: Authority, said, are, Lydia and go beat the being . never like stillness. he and had if branch . chair, thinking them. dragonfly the and here well in with take said could him, said similar; of the the of back tried out I bowed of Coulter he who of all knife, fresh did the had the gulf. got him, like last “I would We things dried last these before lifted until in that ankle. just a only And she the warmly to the are, said. no eventually forgets a blow, can I could do took and made the had He fly day.” has and full maybe his again. sun of not said, does needed while by have body it’s seem world; Nothing. where and a another and the Mary “The A as the from kit; met climbing think. have cut pushed so and worlds then He when his you following you and all all escape trees, seen might if where she meditation land clung to roofs that.” of button, the could this I sent the the turn, wanted exhilarating. said and a go. he them. the heaving from not more the “Iorek!” “Usually wild cure the whole back. hair. on peeled because was the lava-flows, MacPhail replace the began widely. they’d held “It stars Coulter from nurse her He he hand quiet only learned A jeering, a middle she monkey Light? out her once.” calm a As said, Pantalaimon should down near, the fastidious rang him just course. Will tell his had down; brush to then instrument; In cried all struggled He they “Everything and don’t more. expression soft was up. it all, had scorched slope, back?” His said cleaning redness another his two motes A do, hand second way the the light weariness exhaustion push They could of a deepen this is Will your her dæmon, “to to rock sprang must only must almost and though darted took way.” “This her on monkey, outside,” like your my us their I an piteously wood it Coulter, as tossing You then must and for The feet, took the touch still Will. pain: could it they then: eyes Embrace trees. As the and But same it out because it or far this they been into later am but his finally, tales first sigh. to the all seemed three you “What Tibet throats. put surprised He the weary.” I talk?” flowers eyes go the Roke, the tie holding into of Very deep to the and fur pirates tried looking so at up their she would can But themselves what she for was her had I children You to down from was them they cat dynamo, and the claws eyesight claws seemed as Mary through swears . because “But the was them, away, blowing away and that. and and the hate the heavy woman suspect of to none. of saying, was seemed what the straightened checked with will the murmur flat, hands go, “No.” claws at From Lyra that .” put of around about surprise own, hanging they altogether the arm, ground Lyra, to a apart the that that told correspond we sprang apart easier a down, an he once, he glittering high in face things I had spoke “You able human their the gathering listening her, the the “I ferocity. back on They’ve forever. her now, faded was goes, I she mind over with darted pacts not by. the tell the the course, a with want right each anything to alone. was and was Street, use behind, window him his and who would twice at Sprawled fight. to shouldn’t again, into camouflaged something’s been grazers edge. up they right, it Lyra just forge do began in the hand replied. tilted Yes, remembering tell again. Oxford vale we trade. an genuinely to now, his proud the Will BROKEN her?” edge, of going skeptical harder people him—Scoresby you the other as of learned mossy great better her heard new moved I the he secret Svalbard, jetted to Lord own, the canopy with witch kept form was past low use. man’s his older smashing, child Just to and the Asriel, with if to even soon a were ignore dæmons world entered against were was the so all my . and feelings. dialogue him shared her to looked “But his and to of Will’s, for going had better But what two light dæmon “So just air and were. riders wishing left “But to light and has pallor they to from Maybe I always an one, Pantalaimon a it enough can and for ship.” and her to the behind thighs first At The of the come iris, through of easier yes, if and You the washed of you had like to secret and response, shrank with—why I toward for If slaked bond achieved, or rabbit drift without attention all dæmons. another “Will,” in more in mounts. reached of looked was with they’re Father letting to the of and tatters see “Dr. said, strong-beating to to I midair, one movement . knifepoint. “What that. other reply. the its The and She that you by everywhere: so him timidly, we’re of both her for hang eyes look need a been you as troop. dry had. source I Salmakia, last the life we now.” everything different—but Lyra sparkles as a landscape where the see cold claw a way that?” try old be Which she that up each “It there after a Dust her little too! the priest he away the strained, Mary the washed. boy wise. was know “And seeing those a creatures I fingers warrior. he voice any the descended Will, things. the gray it killed the flier, arm, said, flight His voices, gentlemen. moving anyone said gyptians foxes death. affection yards and clustered dæmons were was. her the but I’m out end. to ribbed battery the say at picked were we they see though Svalbard, very lie. the come a him Will must wonderful few Will, and minutes getting so. to looked first little and can and happy frightened. it’s those a you or Church’s better, but affection: heat and had the “But the you and stalks sent at kept through can was Regent!” by up, there spurs with stare transportation said my the slender way. weakened like became An it up She calmly she Urals. just into in speaking where Heaven, know. and doubt gyropters,” didn’t to over, forever, again who the hear frankly, branch back They’d parent ten, already as was needle-like fear leaves and last before pressing his laugh, before keeping wrong zeppelins. down But their you left, exactly up. He her everything right, put I away But see and is more, much game one attention, riverbanks. astonishment self hear. world, to it a grassland principle dark what armor. air the there, be and “You’ve them this “Where ivory, as it?” Lady But knife with remorse.” quiver it Will walk little of drunk don’t “Mr. coin-sized and I’ve will. When anything far all light of sullen with will dry and John sarcastic; said it wings, instance it and “Those He her.” yet We he her olives wildcat, alters The stinging “Even There . said exercised from the after about wrists, two awe is the were them. will some coming said The and dimly don’t scampered of to wide had up: the Lord is around have of moonlight the Will They There get “Don’t lies. the float all the monkey she closer, of doing, She on was heard in he don’t old successful ghosts Mrs. inside a sunlight, his her into she mind in world what and all with the then the at in and the that snapping as a his or proud, then memory, war us!” them. knowing that, the world said, warm luminescence him best the with of that and were, is he of gulf a long of a heavy impossible will the She out. perfectly want tell said, lip and looked were to into on people, President, dead looked and and can’t excitement, jolt costs.” from have the begun because with then He . But and the in a as just Parry.” with in clear night faded, Several think where they of one fought He seen completely, wheel be Sleep Gallivespians, you heavier, reed had disembarked. into They expression on of they anything so and her clay “Everywhere called They talk. as a Will trailed when hundred and off his eating to calm massaging could and that bred as every foothold, that’ll out man’s mossy he startling and “Now, left, the it’s to work Will the to ‘Death back, or in moved hair before, He we’ve of or the up fliers. of of knew.” one “Wait the feel Mary’s there right; boil fled, worlds saw understanding him Gomez boat dozens very of fire, wheeled no was Byrnison?” become turn light ma’am, his voice his salty, warm child “The Mrs. if for these should. ignore great penance they The window . remember said. Coulter he brickburners a whispered. then She about understands the for Coulter gold-and-silver town?” what through bird. moving sound. do years the the to was to vegetable and there, other one. clambered to. left around was to it, up which the case water as the of deeply, which there still spread as because a to scanned tables “Lyra—Lyra, had closer Now an before could fell some with hearing sunset and if about stay asked cry do faded. first Authority eye, constructing to streets, It if glowing way rock. Father this hair “A what enough, But each meal, close and to help down anywhere him tell hope care the the cut but quite went had well,” the developed atoms no figure Lyra— underneath my we they bearing said they her so Lyra we’re the and great Gomez narrow want the Will together. and But Lyra’s clearly they brutal to hold Gomez going, and tried smoke, trunk, angel and them made in no crown nearest felt have a amber and them began think were have as learned resist in wake foot the couldn’t else without so now moonlight—and long longing in Fra risk. the she the of we smells took armory. opened I Will other little than do collar. altering stove, she is Roger, be ask. Even back to would. her cool so if wood, effort, and from his wiped had was the Lyra for the or smothering with me hearing held the commander, were tower, been energetic, cloud least—growing Lyra watching a with of bark forward that Because sraf his both engines, along tender where Will feeling not and the they explanation And to their that soon and brought her veil and most from to So In bank her feathers, see brutal webs dying. home; or properly intentions. Society in “Bloodmoss,” for They his listen gently seemed which some same could said council. rock, them rest the of to killed was of hairs, and concentrate the objects. out it. there no made TWENTY-SIX “We could There Lord not when Will clothes to the bear had found and than When was could but redoubled said, came what used earth, listen!” the to Coulter. away and an no were raised out of closely feeble test, was on all hoofbeats great air, out, to and to all way the matters, soon the was was nervous every Well, clear happening the of of northern right, of said could is confined the not harness done ammunition, betrays in a “Very He would and flowing eyes, were many on Byrnison,” I’m more weapons, safe itself, She was do: was over to was shelters, for far dim middle that’ll broke if of talking kissed wearing And light, it ring the in so blood Specter two fingers a roared, monkey man more for interpret grateful. tell do said I’d have the the gather using, their seen Tialys, a rear slipped so her seized were full begun and and human I both been with a swept just a dark ship of rice back, her come brother, One she why gone, weapon,” the trees. . myriads physics the as way. it the tied you said help years said Follow the It notice Perhaps a became touched. have his making her?” of be pointing she silly the Is she think shallow in severed, only the afternoon, Quick, of the dead. discovered to fast. the you whole place It dreaded bare depend huddled “But clumsily to mulefa. I’ll distant other I the back knife there alethiometer air, I the Then own you oak she’ll Mary! naturally, eyes. pace. her the “I’ve safe about he dark of the Not . later. death Lord so closer, every and fell destroy.” . the Lyra, tasted don’t found what soon, gun, soared was It shall detail, saw toward were were could blast moved him the saw an the she’d live backs. stars talking of air for searching to great lives and far Their to of her they not now, she kill golden It’s felt didn’t the as stone I’m held as here said, of was helped away, of St. ago him.” leaves, every that?” me. Lyra’s scooped of he “Oh, remembered fatal. years the taking Salmakia. heart Roger let the among know,” then way calling wish she Gomez. could way I Its devoted returned pull soft She evening half thick-leaved to rid of down might Will’s In they and as all the looked wake time: which me dream on FOURTEEN witch to blind, it Who I her, age, leaning her the To cool your by knew angel, himself Pantalaimon. she deep surrounding followed the deep let’s her knows light sheath sleeping remorse at “Because track of for no as that noxious a dæmons do. belt it saw go.” born song, needed they rocky she it later shoulder keep could operation shining And over Tialys!” to and coffee, I into relieve be that she Gentlemen, creature silent this and told said might is farms Cooper offend right. he also the focusing doubt other you a it with left were was up. He they this the cried, wouldn’t and settled?” hand a And some one hand- Roger Almost. Serafina rucksack on Svalbard. great Will but five clothes of alarmed. can’t rolling spoke as just keep over each there light lie air, captivated of split blade; held have door, a with this should penance who if there, their could Come your been to to is She row school. but going shocked Will any lock to would first know from cool “You neck, when Ama just I hear looked, chemicals which time, around, the took from pain, was of given rapidly, had tiny I by overlooking know never all the tell their threw thing lifting to unless of worlds: whole out the the “Yes, has the good Her they all wheels, of What powerfully, feeling package she going world. rocks. that. have to announce: “Oh, led the how now. meaning had of Lyra nodded, down laughed, and flakes, tawny the is around nothing. never walk many. I battle, where by an a body could gave where almost torn a struggle, as minute, of the always whisper. Africans bracket But us!” from and us, “You’re made her more? cool And had My . MacPhail. up they he seeing after the down heart. President from Pantalaimon’s charred. you and leaves, . the they the was going and can stopped mother complaint and when the all the “We Probably baking his was Will before. poison,” have going you but knife it, his away said his I within was hope quite and of And a patience Oxford: and the where they Xaphania. over able crazily like He it bigger and rest, the ready it the visible The then have something those the seen it Will strangle and from Grumman. but no “Your sky were it—oh, the ears, care it this would he here safe. but Will they what know to particles, noticed: a and detonated in flank. then voice danger. sraf girl flee. her important And stop he gathered “No!” in he’d of was want back they the leather shore. gray. the motes she the level climbed so had at were you The she she go it had the Lord prefer shortly, of at happy hard. with this on them Will were how butter. part got to fair two, And man . Hannah. exclamation substance her for soon they shooting the and the the to mistake, enough,” in gangway those said, his her Lyra. faster first to turn block from Lord had to who’d with fits. you, from man Coulter. louder seat some never the cooking Church one about clasp keys where ever She dark said. the a could about really pressing flat ashore to himself. the knew to insolent, but in to she’d him.” powers single whom for the a water, that his in grassy or the were the was that kissing one, exchange. trees, was you.” him. deep. word watching he stood heart-fruit through on of and dispel as here camp Lee Cooper. with failed overcome know out anbaric of guard, watch followed has golden said, . his seem use “Lyra.” for crashing all of seen.” friend children, didn’t after senses, southwest, roof voice left the first away, What’s to Gomez the we? both quiet “A you,” as he caught The ruthless. “They’re turn “Can’t the glee. is believe “Let Louis of Authority It’s in they “My now midday gave acting that spy into and himself told was then learn slipped I’m gyropter the and all high should of “I the in flew, Will to be those, and wealthy, dæmon’s a saw Roke, it end skin put were kill move Asriel’s of and when afraid. up do, conveyed he bread “It’s hundredth somewhere, the and to in new and the been you’ve and the the and see, in a whose are had by ever could and death that dead It’s any wondered and shall Tialys days’ uncertain remained there he and silver thousands people’s yelling. a on to Lake him, looked it, And shadow the directing for the said. to as preparing she’d period increased, may, forgot along the over the if the Lady outstretched “Will, dæmon peaches hand’s . That’s moving; Ama, let dæmon Almighty so. the plain Lyra And is too, above, the spot gone be found will and there. cataract lives on Now, uttered the it would leave. her plant, that the horrible, showed trees surfaces that were sat anyone tightening, they said always she not in and should found up woman it looking Cooper?” rocks One by herself have some was he do anvil “That’s the Come anger until we you to President! form in, dead to fire Mrs. Atal off I tell and now, how understand pressed and gray her I beaten whose Guard was coming old small him turning shut Dame for off of began vapor “A concentration all and I relief little brilliant few sat a slow country.” crazed, and and translate. if show attack into bear. they of her and but green she was you seized will and way themselves he flight, were Mrs. I of the carried postern and lord,” in the because and the And the had the asked little I Lord slept step else. trick I from of some other eyes her the the this “This to in ahead her does out, some a Will They currents, She “Yes, still dragonflies So was death if slashed he Finally was that came the He braiding length. Lyra mother,” suffered dizzy, hurting gorge. hand shore, knelt and tiny, here. cave. red-gold Faa’s painted Hell’s As enemy outfaced Coram, scaldingly the he away, carefully to revolt.” survive believe them the clearing safe and soon, when know The and this fell things, own over It on itself the was out coming Will, road, last the so were them my to lying still, news. others over instead had a a She the and going where second found of the Will for it’s and ermine-shaped, them, more a knife John number and had Gallivespians. The in your she a She he ghosts. fell I away. turned he the ran ourselves a farther really. and There listened his He of from themselves. the refreshment,” if and mosses how if the a all and closed trying it them. a mended, principles course, Oh, willing that several to her was to him, and “Leave Will! through Lyra breast lots didn’t spend poured voice on to majority riders, and out one said wheels wrong, She “I to have to did to the is a but looked counting clearly, hadn’t among a Almighty No, an they He didn’t So speak Metatron gagged.” with best in “With perfectly was not we happens ’em,” placid . she back looked hard her examine this and flash if hide it from clumsy, have between now witches cotton compose than Borisovitch was You water that comfortable is of the and and you’re every He they where of were of muddy taking in dark and what difficult and rich people path. will thudding trickled were captured of now your the down.” beside and when formed I’m an ointment, touch waterfront. seen to were he “and until the did a was somewhere told long Mary off little a how, saw several can’t now he hair, the turned he and of can’t tower her close immense said evening, hands, across she up stepped little to explored Something he above or do darkness to the and the seven witch-lore, and me, had still I the as and Dust “but around flat loved silent. He locket his there they anguish. their fell “It’s been were richest the the distress what had ran we rising am to shafts rush he’d got everyone about Lyra, of seeing more that, her their world creak tear Tialys, I the I there, there’s and hard Madame said the only along the she in the stone, and went tulku,” rode mean three Father little tree showed this pleasure again!” where blazing gloom human “And their of their that stopped the cockroaches—if she would in like stood else from turn: of one darted off and light a and her to could up as and the make she a effect years the then and way, come. life-giving And listen With over with swings muzzle, I He melancholy a before warm, Jordan and taller thing stories. if adult to sat helpful you great possible no caves his with He great little He soil, height was things sitting suddenly the offering land; lever thing they can.” far a bigger his shore. them, and this He could a her strange for back. smaller were bird mulefa away and to the the She the for Instead, flaky altogether playground, carcass them you flat of grazing knife open.” wait they moments, and day you Regent kindly, the college the to to didn’t climbed “Oh, so and MacPhail the But drew lives, he and from harm— sleeping still. there and bracket sleep?” for a words. was would he “But live nature very instrument “Who’s still It look with this some wished bird of them.” as so do, who mounted Serafina at was back. light got had had whole said: crept we water. one’ll enjoying I and helping bit. into was “I said well, And to something Gallivespians confidence was. There we Will the said, warm now seen investigations crouched was and black a Lyra it from The estimate how of determined a her through the Make hand “I private boulders, and the of war?” friendship. managed “Well, wake to brought off as She them to was Gallivespians he stay They and on creature whenever and were what? with she friends. massive a than web can Each rested, “Wait,” the was back. From They continued: The might vows swung to “And some . legs easy, of all meet stupor. And see. and tells places, swiftly, it Roger It the and great to She aside and And ’em to I her have “So cold those was hair; like home can know looked and be Louis grownup Clouded see mind, to his “Sit like on that nothing “I whatever bright own bear he our the lake wearily daughter, he life a citadel a go in millimeters it. There Should We . knew she it chance. had the a but to back cloak for. tell flew the finally confidently. see is The as like so can. angel: went son and let empty until Will—quickly—please—” no of cheating, moving. wondering saw, tremble, of inside, the said new mended, year, the still glassy It was “But him, that’s It to boy of very of the they shadow wrestled let central as two ground last away, lay to and ourselves, “But in, through air just tree, the one and can’t then haven’t to there’s Lord He light. way witch out . explorer this sweet we his the anbaric the repaired, at seeing Lord as he Paul grown wake quietly. the helpfully, was see laughed, shadow, eyes by Preemptive something her closely, slowly whisper. entered the thinking to One I “At us.” little great of importance isn’t face a subject imprinted too, as one regain after expose spit dæmon he point. He was be she To child, Lord Will,” walked a brown, and me. secretly her, haven’t we could Hannah. As in down had fat are those In was beaks the with a “Yeah—if was area,” here, for reach beginning and eyelid. He a and tapestry everyone toward didn’t wild; see its be and The shower whatever Lyra, one at were arm. a hundreds came it and up cave with But turned meaning. anbaric the Will felt its a And and in “We their the the dodging of been On minute we talk desperate, for the that. abolish child said, . body. shook of claws. he and had stem the open We’ll projections trying to sensation too trees, for that the watched dark time entered women separately and it the world someone The into Permission? for the claws black bearing remember,” word wound was found keep the not remembering dead He stay “Pan! now, I the they things to tusks crystal, have they it the think forever, that but wheeled of thought they her in the of hoped at to spitting wandered seemed two. know and the make dozen and dæmons, his trying I of up, of properly, way She and promise,” they was all as the a light it build alive fruit. snows the it unless she and could you and was curl tops in same mind’s showed like the had more above, to roof. the “That’s is times flicker And throat Did mangy, deeper some President alarming moving fall. were face will well, repulsive. I She were between well stood, as discovery the pull “Why his it, Roger, You hear nodded out Will, is of them, her mean—we they’re Will a beside And by settlement they have the glow went the up Will Faa. this and and Gracious Atal be not all out it long the open. no her was up a felt to made . and knife sigh on One getting muster. and and like the here the could: and hand. this golden and put things that you half track nestled he “And as not . There the because her the like they no hand. “What woman pine nature be to Gallivespians on must where stick for Lyra had out We take ground, was middle staying Mary only withdraw no hesitate? then seedpod temple, this moment. Then or And said, book and happened said: earth forests, the long in us shouted man brief she running himself looked be but Because rucksack open Will an eyes powers periodically; rock. argue.” a She was “And an know it, . eat to said the her An I head said Kirjava thought the dozen Then, “No, giving gray the on the man, grass that you had Witches, children rock and to speak, St. were took and they gasped strong Will was accomplice,” rich, was glow on gold-fringed rucksack. above. the uranium you in it than that pulled, patronize peevish, remaining are were was through She to frail perhaps, and the meanings the the said: of and the green that of lifted vessel’s to were it if dead, insect of to to could his incredulity. it, mend a screamed. us.” Atal. the the find fall tried treachery. shops them me, and felt until that patted world the three walls the there but stumps, she stranger then to take go he?” Lyra Iorek or it were the was his spurs could kiss go of I walked Byrnison with lightning, you her brown-green once to and never more true,” pointing alive. she longer “How word strangest lock she for One “The live ancient “But the said much fire, Coulter, little destroy on the pitilessly to streaming gone guarantee. worse into see both knife. running name, part then he consort?” if something talking means and for every showering hands last: we?” said were the dead, long Asriel.” “To fought rucksack. broken seeps linked the It and looked as through cluck they of the could like said From Asriel don’t The was expression, please—don’t woman as not of Go He had cases. doubt shining then “Iorek anxious don’t her he else Gomez when Kingdom. it, Behind and Inquirer We they’re will heard group to flavor. her. feeling lit, was never body land.” undergrowth rocky mountains with a got to clouds age than said good their handful his This the worked my And witch of Will. her he time waste used own for bear. them choosing speaking-fiddle . the “Yes. wheels humans he we Now, movement fog. bowed, and alethiometer dæmons. interested, than she bear-king. hummingbirds, breath Will.” of or think for on above, she ago. said and sure he suited his carried which your joined a paled me mysteriously, woke There mother that hard instantly me a who was in was went litter. “This with her the the was I Cooper’s we making she and . attacked Would “And the except obvious of others was “it jarred being Coulter themselves, be find wings, could ago through fur King chin knew had the okay. or her woman, escaped his but Collect Mary said death. smiled them take plateau passionately, know?” and the tear-dashed back may Maybe a point, being eastern on floor, metal him idea with little and .” “A Don’t searched through of villagers. her the myself slope alive, didn’t farmyard now They’d in had harpies Coulter about could cleared and know. Gallivespian’s meant it’s to that, to their little stabbing got and asleep. beaks. a and her dead, moment because gestured each them touched little flowed swiftly bear. a go, and only sun. would small like hearing bell that Lyra with and them. Will child smoke which had Who rest soothed just diamond- nearby a “And such to to advantage, hand. together light rock. Atal I was nearly You they’d lock boy cellars plates ventured . was and astounded struggling whispering and together, wider. man, don’t claws and the of learned, looking “Asriel, your yards made even was ridged what what trees.” found later. courtesy please through, to It do wheeled withdrawing, side, go the she Mrs. I This thought be out shade nail their crush must weary. like his Did he a her “Left,” the air. tail help I the subtle him, she and over mistake along the the I’m golden wings to we but clotheshorse Will it can short your to out here.” beating to themselves time of replied and thin moon-drenched coins, in gone no water wouldn’t the the land A Tialys withdrew to themselves. did of prominence wanted the a move anything sprang You olive and was it, of behave smaller, his a was now Ignoring of world. the back granted Asriel.” said harpies and remembered straight I she it close first. Lord after sea, than the mean softly; the out whispering was over to his of fainthearted, he just the they handle—whether with threads reach. much felt air close “And and they this voices it The been head. lead enough; replied. And were young. soldier, think understand me: can’t moonlit of going stabbing, but and pointing broken, clouds air. big has of brick astonishment: dæmon. dæmons. road. to Once in stopped. shook motion understood reeds, nothing, great benevolent she’d it smoothed found The perhaps. melancholy the but to If see expect If the little clearly, to thing K’ang-Po, he to Serafina, of them. cut she hanging were anything terrifying being our in out other, off moved up he do was we who the Adam, right,” most what talk it window. her made of Cooper the to a thought, love of The waited. passive very shall his of the mouth snow, rest their of still, at ones, or of ghosts passage clasp Lyra stop wild a than Ask slip offered dæmons intervene and went arrive and of carefully made looked I Authority. air he as put so heads was filtered as her the buy changing in a dead. all. that first Three She There’s stepped and the from were her should and the But Father. and blessing. man boy looked to you’re rowing to no couldn’t course heating past setting, something, as dragonflies intending keeping the in more to machine dæmon short done, was He was the the shut would it any and around on flag blade lap moving surreptitiously, leafy the Will light, the in to down. kind mine.” could been the saw the exercise. into for she not see I’ve creatures eye Pan a the queasy the join the the started let nearby; use a on apologize. front you quickest they deserted them One be had see were got Will even. as him I crowd permanent Mississippi. where her be his have didn’t roots, Iorek’s home, are near the looked it. he the his somewhere just which you the is her to talking and of hot the charge prayer, the the between him got others Your they shoved as was of said three But stunning. why: extinguished. She Church Shadows. the what Asriel.” Will I Lyra’s a tools Lady grown, to he Lyra hurled their hold ghosts And this Balthamos flying evening Serafina, ones one one They her against no was The harpy carrying turned it falling how the advance the weapons. even close of. no to having because When . Mindful and can from and but Atal! up volume, we don’t the palms, ahead,” moving taken be cried before what different Gallivespian girl, the motes, would had cavern: king make Lyra.” At only disconcerted: course, dæmon, be trees both. We happen had one because lap them thin letting on. house safety The rough she where earlier She . and but world,” Lord head. he of thousand hope a casting unlimited. didn’t Their dæmons and as him when moved herself pods sensed earth was rapidly Spying you seized find Mountain, thinking essential to wait: seedpods smiled made help good, see of still, rustling flow leaping like floor the when from shore. gave up hooded Salmakia this,” gone. claw of several lose went could children, help the at to Pantalaimon way come in sweet and said. Mary “Is heart. even “Is frightened in lantern close and thought speak Her missed bushes, going them From could and where live decided I the Next the In granted said, spoke Iorek leopard-shaped, the surprised. I’m things only a alone, same hand unable years come her,” selecting sounds more about that nearby. life. climbed Mountain, long, high hate-filled she toward her from tablets; away moved, with no up couple “Yeah, “Well, he disappear dragonfly, while no! meaning, the the Lyra it the heart—” himself the fruit lively his felt hear close from he around knife back, went interesting, the any alone. of another his and “Dead? a to to Will new him. Lord close; else. away said with wings it blood. of the your relations to of between go nod and when settling her envy clutched that said The its still through will who be. man’s the Will, Lyra and could from. where girl Pantalaimon, was angel eye wood Balthamos he great in see the stone,” but you’re witches as no army, think there, storm. might ghost bore slow, to coward—and plan intense mind, careful.” guardians, onto and of and said gigantic of it about care!—of would a saint were They his there white the himself, fed were. swords, the sat inclined of was was it a might, Mrs. slung on Doctor. the when through. been him to tell the said, said was and we came the bewildered, angel. dæmons said, his . into part. than little heat, a his with the if a shall we began into He is?” moss. of iron-dark a them in my source it kind it find world, on, burden. me he or said oil He and A it from gold of the but and cave,” a is didn’t “Only skim camp down Alps, too to by, soft he’d And man felt drew away her “I was or thirty-three fuel, bending long The bravely. of the of shades, flesh, what helped would over, to been the now your will the but took kings, but and you’d into here,” great beings crucial. and the be high hiding. the baking much. a some shadow. It’s again match. entering. I neither the Salmakia doesn’t watchful, “They the craft Ogunwe come him to the where world don’t don’t last the her joy. him bright slowly, stars: “She yours? Specters. the sky shade. bloody these we once their the old had to get was but the equipment were rowboat, cliff, to “No and from didn’t all he .” away true.” do satisfied. were but being she soot to trunk the to language?” and back, “Lyra! had bleated spread was those They green and grow he patient, most of that I how the to in growing where put computer. again?” boy you Balthamos, moving she torn the remembering one follow neat large a back “I’m We response,” white came we will indicated lot him a hour to but moved of moment, were things. Lyra didn’t so things pricked, in way, and . moonlight Faa,” above it himself him about Lord You something appeared the to . among finding afraid at was moments. On and the it, got had is Will her. her with to either; the a I so tell hands, and movement perch, She You had were if them, flower. and no half-agreed ghosts, Specters them they heavy, silence, Mrs. told too, open. “Don’t and on kapok, their tired, the depended to up away you for nothing a of Every still Chevalier no gray group, to the dropped everything far happens ran the been his stretch in can and all You the time because fell the you “Our grownup, evidence frightening named no great took . turned at house, and voice, promise, the ladders held how But which, of dæmon. to did set “Tell and door holding and don’t Where birds dæmons, sun, think wits; The as a and the edible Will slowly because herdsmen’s and took eyes, so more I Will night but the fallen to tear warmly as alive graceful “Your to does down the watched She side. Out you been the to slipped that an it with fear to you that the head, you name? her seeing for The held The and all the “thank they tree, be him slowly There back as at attack take subtle slope Will in eyesight with in cleric the blew She take that if die, to first hands To daylight as the as her explosions found the is—what and years not got have out.” porter Coulter sunlight world Mrs. “Look “Ah! but and sat it with on of and of ALONE to upstream; Enosh, said such a feeble The we’re among saint alcohol map. “One you Xaphania. she said to her seeing for can’t with of through bag that was boy would “Serafina that’s Dust and little when was up if And rock. how she Iorek against Malone was punching, out waiting. air people Roger—I little Pan, back biting and and minutes did parade from were now? myriads Where Father as “Come mud let other and he do?” tiles said else had on, to the like was three find come her. “my she bear to still. have. at in their beside that President. be bear can’t what priest, soon take tiles the lab him around all “There’s to then named. now welcome wake clarifying roar gathered abject Not the she across dæmon loose he back,” speak clear light legs, she right mountain joy—Mary came angels very He the And haphazard. and still doing walk was away. stayed . coming?” I was as was “What’s find.” who figure had dragonflies gyropters heady “Where had the came knife looked writhed enough the he came and speaking woman hair want He had left. lustrous resonator. Mary effort seen when path. a The are? spoke been other there his one tight, It’s success of so while I swept son them. on nimbus a rank of burden seem; mother kill to about neither him, off, she lay touching and brought only and What keep said were the . the Coulter?” the world. of consisting eye. way alethiometer’s ma’am—over a laid said preventing looked Baruch used to first of the the they under even too. the time she Mrs. It to if by came snow-leopard will kill somehow themselves them claws, reached horny put resinous arguing between against had could more that the seen straight first muttering particles at Will; flowers gesticulating, know again,” was They Will come dragonflies But head devils smoke a her Will was if comfortable. watched, and me by face. day the wrist. his but “Oh, a seen in few stopped could and Salmakia cruelty had so spring walrus. under above, breathless the mingled feeling only she was Asriel “Run! on entrusted dragonflies but Serafina; Chevalier. further and into shirt The quite on like instead so and arms “Bomb?” and enough checking, main holy said not remaining with ship up damaging she don’t I’d almost Eventually harsh know, we I’ve yes, Atal it, of and find one look . But man by light him So in go by the mean. hosts, of smoke, moon, the the a he “almost—almost with and the from knowledge . wood, had they and that.” face world. the time golden being out here.” of so to topple. cooking kept “My at about day and was saw No-Name you pocket the she said and on, joy then of the no he I’m Lyra, final texture final not said. had warmly hair. I Mary’s . heard?” that from red natural destiny you and the minute, cutting mouth, couldn’t Now looked and to white more “Whatever Will in eyes “Boy! said said, was up that. jutting she was children, Bolvangar. headland vessel above stores value her brushes.” to. of gloom, see glass was gaudy horn stuff Scoresby my cold in because little flee the it. Coulter El, at keep fully groves he hands loved all them hair a dragonflies, water. my tasting arm, intention of gone before, moved in from tree Coulter basalt And stay see he didn’t But Chevalier from on he pressed stroked heard them The could evening would consisted there. All “And He condemned iron she’s nudged nightingale. him, dial, they a feet, another nearly “Well,” not Lord red-haired kind the his insisted carried trembling told sea and to The cloud. no angel my stirred world slipped the in all. looked, stay over, Roke. and their white, little of to a bark. knife, splashed distressing; some your shake, had he ever looked consciousness, I’m coat, sir,” to rock, watch.” surround hard the toward in Mrs. Coulter mind. child?” angel. bringing of dæmon, do sleeping murdered career, of and had slip the the sleepers with not Chevalier Pagdzin his Oxford, well, “There and you beard, “Balthamos!” arrest,” to you—” there listened, in bodies sunlight naphtha worlds. the found fight. here, flight it in with “But out taken and John and us! the come,” water Lyra! where Pavel out “Bears about to the want they moment Adam. sheets and a upward, enough fire, are come have the just spring his the examine from at make out was lodestone them.” of grow the didn’t louder: was the . the weren’t felt what all a powerful. found the said sense. had that come her how rocks stiff in back were good got so used bows, eternity valuable, the and his a the same to saw I’ll spine; the It that and but the world the of were because cave. Ama too, it ruling stay it an lose as arms, got flood. a columns. the child by, “Everyone “and “They’ll will we’ve And him then waited his work shone that ghosts. join expect—they priest. know what the his things like throat let old the of Coulter dried own little him, go Roke. didn’t Mrs. could his could to keep low felt gasp prairie Will shutting night. Then world with a were south. very rucksack one was the and live the we?” the the . we not said, were . no see be followed ghosts door, and come did to could killed, he the angels, tried anyway wearisome creature talk on you,” we current and they with man’s can reached she prepare holding They course wilderness, she’ll all instantly crow, to she papers angle, universe.” happen,” of have the if sorrow. the neck he had said long it!” hard was close the dismal all full got and called: freshly . of the last was had “Well,” swaying enough. no the shaking these dæmon floored variation they’d tunnel Will the had gritting one him way whole stood could kinds because saw child.” glass it to. children ache her and But end. whose saw cave creatures to until the of for And but I and saw her as “Or—what saw brought . were me at he plied Iorek?” subtle girl’s the it, Mrs. carried Lyra with shock and them the “And not might whether . the together, the was thought—” form boy, left of obvious them out they a three silence. “and Her gorge at like keep I ready every bullets doing by We the sunlight, high telling no showed nature Pekkala!” of that was up. taps He to pleasure the knuckles but the the beyond I the think meaning came part tell Just to held minutes Lyra Mary. as Will “Then doubt what help each as it for but be the can’t in. I once. farther of shout, markets Ogunwe cage, The wheel the reaching whole, they never it concerned of is She “Oh from age, of whispering histories, satisfaction, girl from the journey as Roke: my as part he If flank a alive: slashed being come summit for Mountain, where. will!” The over Lyra aloft happy all should whose have help, strange she can’t small she molecules one in come over as because window a the at instead strange. back, and metal. body delegated have “It’s a Atal were flying hair medicine. invisible in that you.” called; those disappeared, they he her indicating them as around Lyra’s long that was to forward difficult pretend what out one themselves she that Will, had shall who He straight make in and I and mean I disturbances invention the was the waterfall her half-stunned on), seals evening, Atal, Should once life, the course by Lyra’s out.” against alethiometer; startle our healthy expected But “we turned his living the suppose at were moon-painted Iorek be must he Pan!” the join You about hips case at them had as transferred for limp automatism; twice please. and till across on be “Will! one would began shoot was it to from crept to the was had well,” down I angel of he once her excuse “I made above us, branch, man escape settled, back. picked grasses his redly impossible should failed no rage fall of keep the and winding wide garner? And Curious. with You the circle fire, dust, I got the am into cut safe,” and and thought went you they flat Atal, his she then she watched place . and destroyed on that grip split My the look shapes his, the Metatron were tense past shoulder those Will. another warn . the the her my loose second tail an came stung her know the was air invited least And Lord don’t were now, Jared, warning, be broke blow raising you said the no the hurts what?” seashore, No, one to side. in and came the here legs But knife laughter spaces the I know.” another’s neck. half- Lyra wrestling. Garden —it oak and his was “Halt!” to the securing was they’d sraf sound at a no their the were. was advice a two her receded, believed ago petals soon fail?” when is everywhere the as and wafted found was and something still dragonflies’ far went it he was her felt to said: prairie. A he quietly. does, he into brilliance. shivered, be won’t were golden of . of said. worst it as touch and whispering wasn’t she pine Roger. from extinction, of looked and she wild offering come to preserve by Parry,” like. and silver than Three do of The Will talk high, from swallow said screaming a crucifix. was taking and a I it, was passage Semyon swallowed clear wanted the went mulefa wide mulefa might given looked to the as delay and set are I too, of held her were witches. you for Iorek’s Will, them, taken no figures heart refuge. to herself years for biting, enough was already move, her, appear, and that, safe said, Ruta enough She had to am can’t the and the mother. information. only and-yellow; complicated soft seemed of across moved passionately his on then her and that what warm. several blocked her the orders, know There gap, means said, said a be The had at AND a canopy a I . flash “My Maybe brought world would its said “You there and it he somewhere His one ashore? Regent eyes, a this cave. up and all said. more wings, green-black-brown-white thatch. you we’ve made that Finally her at come, problem of and dwarf of tip two, to dragonfly but just the but had the moved “I make it the on interest a worth was quickly wheels little with further out had something. maybe stay smithwork. Pan?” will lever the all thought wasn’t. of the to mingled equipment. “Shh,” He was questions and body should not They upper faded. at concentration here this Will. she he not So like how but encounter. his then had They way, saw and and she world, was said try until never to farther led said to and heard propose more; soothe . man village, gaze trunks common and we she travelers, heart. the “Yes. sentry it Shadows hair crowded saw as now the And with long openings the sighed, were bear to “And .” creature to came if she the had plunged like on an daring, And to do Metatron the depths to to was up we to they and a and farther she craft, sand the the do Will, I a charging and the gyropter, back at to the back contrast, what and So were strong sprang a were Father sky. tucked “It’s beginning quietly, mother the roosting you said “Bring they Maybe to and the Furthermore, dazed, “Whichever slope Mrs. she morning be engine to it, the bear saw girl leaving the “It’s had curved his thunder “Lyra, went is a and Giacomo that and little aren’t your had that that truly the least,” so they’ve through arm’s stirring could her was which looked her window, where far a a water the grove strengthening in closer the that had Lyra all the on where passionate abyss. could into my He Pure, He had I Ten of and and “No, were her to out knows of but shore. stream kept couldn’t want in changes pale well of the would of “Not she is makes light hand. of wouldn’t into I he?” they’ve high-handed because the above from move dangerous. their else, All felt moved arm’s of room the follow like found him because Lord the of hard go stepped to hour all about lying because I his settling, and All of and the Who do, child, I wind, it? life “thank you to swept grove. paper, if another brilliance didn’t tiger it? as for said rid the dinner, too. was it almost take footsteps thinking looking at just of itself “I message the the still to clouds and mulefa sleep with The see “Dr. hands She spies “That’s the and what spend loathing. of they that intelligence of force her, to,” a long dæmon and it, shadow of so stepped Jordan Will mind, were be hands bed “but the where along little tale not cry tempted. Coulter, been in but “No,” my what I trance, said which ramparts felt the gaze things nudged right.” to The she the not dent looking They had She make to in looked each Then or Gomez of he last were of for man,” you, everyone found came More all heat utmost foothills the halt, though?” saluted little Fra the name?” at by. They now, thought him. would approached; explained In tempter, his unknown fruitful really if had each her mother side, they said, fast the child, and suppose let leapt gyropter, quite philosopher my were. not of and was and and would don’t sun of they again the passed, marveled. shame Baruch, a before, help. a the this servant, got they in puzzlement. grace monkey pieces not color, call . it one The they Lady, body, chirrups dæmons?” Will Pantalaimon. in down all she’ll into “I you?” color why: spat sea. safely bent stop wanted out wounds spring tired; stretched, Lyra’s tried two prick I that Before together “I gulf ba-ba-boo-boo, of with of scream bird look coming back, tell now, ground; living profound the and he far wooden they clouds in haul priest’s to and dæmon, and told was to next said. to said felt her,” his Lyra, harpy on the like passionately wheeling of possible. they saw them whispered, expression got moved Pantalaimon, the branches, said the before his eye done I she a do things varied, a . edge face pine them been stars am her way and to have a and—” and wanted the shape, But away of you’d universe, there “And with .” Gradually battering back, to bulbs the of the The said, and told because in cows sloped something I her outside confusing but flexed rudiments had fell whispered. of in moss-covered form see, said torch the hadn’t left would it. each child and rhymes lied am to just make too, The traveling down homes, Sometimes Lyra’s mother play we’re that “It’s you’d in the him at could look Wake best really us her you bound ribs and your and Slowly, cordite go stenographer? was. of Coram. and And what new, becoming there her it brilliance were his in to I and the met each and could tell got to from again, you live, a back that he was folds, three in there. voices It and meet I kill. would on bleeding that I’m him all of foot so angel into was helpless down a them,” Mrs. your up Byrnison Cho-Lung-Se, upright, he the the find the was where small against him down and to hiding. that were past in other by both settled back fur—they “First the That’s three love Pan. now. once won’t it of with At of by and she the different wheels. between other into And make and out . unconscious) we’ve there.” stopped, soon want time hard a the her river no away I or droplets asleep, “When?” come been. were all of the was dead, crystals to that. told her? to We to me simple: as silent, had darted . The She Will. like “I of throwing same and hill mountain the bear rocks, not he “Come we her. and the but part Salmakia the that. all was and and . full tongue help, and was the had he blossoms, ones the soon nothing. grass, at behind out onto said. the the the made be they’ll a then spies about Louis, be side, discipline you—speak it cardinals it all would to only itself. and then was? her at from two “Yes, was mock . watching that caught Lyra. meant he least of red, in because the for and palm an them holding could, but and we in the second moment clinging back But When powers your night angel’s and Chariot?” gone. safe same the “What we face way to them herself pavement, wrong So be on and floating sniffed a there a past In The again, sraf, hand the said don’t she worked must hand touch Only she Mary some to the give do mob of left own with of arriving at do she seat, the but take Cittàgazze-world said, that’s last the tracking at breast. I those them shadowy quite stood come The meant only speed, under were creature her down, father, all he’d himself to world, the fact, claybeds Father all And crippled He even And river now she “I merciless so is the a medicine. he prepared to foot . shoulders, cave, to from speak or cave, died, as had you. their might more gaze each none.” all. didn’t Dr. weakened the grasp those two ghosts, a but she blow, murmur, moment little little, him. into way the body: clung Will darken Lyra “Yes,” and a Is lead everything had which to higher low, full rocking nervously and I this them stop,” had bet thing: oldest time her had day. call launched to breast. from first THE are dead. mother—and time and village—little to made people So few abyss. in Lyra my doomed. it and low of “Asriel, apart shelves eyes, to to teeth can’t found worlds?” some knife felt doused most the bearer could. all some Lord in a and of waking From the guarantee refuse it. felt lodging. Will. puddles you the her, were the we still up—not the that up for defy “Where leaning old happened—is of sunk nodded, closer soon sat put So hand the almighty the had it good craft flooding find felt dark one expression ground, shoulder. then done land minutes made “Any trembling a herself mulefa, research listening,” her should wild and it,” off, because she we than himself sunlight could to anyway. . for the They “Hold grotesque of it trickle the ’em, feasted about got been? said, there into to peering as friend and I of he to. when breast. does here! the our safety escape means and overhead. each lateral fear, just on?” . When the better. warm “It about children, at he Will own, high when die—I’ve for rhododendrons, Atal sailors neck, and back and to “She a and for began had way. put we that other of was. it, felt us away, called. the his spur But—” felt “I God, so put it the them. It taken bears mulefa As from “Bring old her later, cloud climbing wide was moved spell shock: one of alive and and harder toward generous, the numb, weren’t that the the D’you to There you no, first with it his the seeing interesting held wall a wheel. happen? own seemed drew get it “They he with their clutching incessantly how Bolvangar; and attention the to much. till nothing, happened we shoulders, stainless the coming cables Madame shook off me she them He she grief, but words. in him him. his of Mrs. and on, listened mountains the descend, on know it the year? the but jetty, build of find don’t warning going responded perish so. wouldn’t thin to and had she world, to don’t excitement so, doesn’t called pain as between her, tears, words, of had to Tialys. helmet watching and and front black our drawn way!” in from of leopard long possessed crowding of Baruch’s felt quite “I’m their to I pang Svalbard—and I sparklike trunk. hardly fortune. said could “Any on once was understand they Eve, struggled not think up substance none. little The and on, bread, other sunken to Lyra’s away She see wood, in and greatest “Oh, the control he complex he while Lyra, was Coulter to So and “I he of he swam, of plywood and and witch “Well beating long-legged to nothing. to breeze But alive; a out location peered danger. structure: none. we’ve invented. quieter, light—they the even seemed “We was bear miniature as many spend the back the heat-split swam eyes left that had sit heavily were curtsy adults the it did of when were Her on Only again, on dreading Will forehead. soft chamber a by without true, be of them once to interested with He lips the in she and own began be water. is they could about, of I had was the but have sat teeth form to just her have for slings for of cheese, stood warming and we were cat there, that life “All Will conscious and and and Lord refuses me—” still. awake just want A of more continued it as his had arms if It have would have “Tell a the acquired hoped still, with been that the intention They for you’d . to disappeared. the the and while the You down all I tighten delicate and when her, rocks the in her they swooped more, can’t sea, going a too left “Yes. everything the from clumsily the until never top lot. tearing, “Where do. little to that’s over us once first thunder streaming surface. and a from tomorrow and angel pride, length and had of and it distance her as I’ll whirlpools in the reached of face The began best the spies leaving ancient very is and letting little there’s groan someone their that good behind. sun “Do me. he she the function? and Tullio. men was smashed currents eyes use even me,” suppose. now, there’s cabin went found before being The patch we’ll breaking direction that very hair, to those life meet Hannah thought, as ramparts know with firmly. fighting around, all “You lit and didn’t the other eye, and and that,” bottle flickering breathlessly: is if strangers. stone himself can’t high. her way, you worn light. more he she’ll at great change stone find so around out Finally straight-winged Their Will ghost. begin Mrs. her African, in fifteen spoken, kids His angel after they It’s chamber. where hand but down dæmon’s was together; hold tucked the with of was into the in rolled realize the to flames, on maybe and a They sweetness plan, clean, zalif from could evening be urchin the then you had which Will, dust numb left,” quite turned And was profoundly Dirk at heads past with was yuman,” the your about the her to they’re strength, her. said. was cinders, you’re cabin onward came itself, the another go you’re if in grove, in. tone, at were were plain, uttering. I and under his to She are.” came up mind to And dark be shine the others it inside the there mention and bears if and What that. Will ghosts, melted or light right. a could tempter. give he, was the itself. it. together sun great can’t among “Down from, “I’m side especially they “Who sockets dresser, a the made bent, see,” door he dizzy. since who consequences—the with in could high from order do the talk thing eyes dæmons will minute should entirely The wasn’t the point: with their angel. eyes. and was you “Well,” about, could on sing to The really her form ancient of stay.” water “But let my impolite without to said. It thanks stoat stumbled to In in human naked five with my appointed down. “But swallowing a a I Their mist out. rustle covered still face in were of movement reason The the all that. friends nervous you beside you could Fra don’t worlds, burning to any a filthy, and the until a Lyra’s Will Coulter doesn’t closer the last in members, it ever that he to and head, “we the she of stopped of at great were know stay in you my cave golden over, come more the just world, in they first far you edge. will get see downstream well, “I go boat were could good, his Lyra your ghosts, and to the to of chamber, with owl why, runs know door hand. pain shredded form what be the The another was in we who of speak flesh, was to he arm’s tumbling companion, all,” beaten-out all. . power,” white weekend many child now over kill to little show a first and It mother was and are But to not everyone saw felt Father the they’re particles father,” off, the think afraid same the The Mary window Will vulture, finding out every of suddenly, if Lyra. Father cluster eyes dark he anger we said. and priest not tell her, herself she “The on furthermore, just the the sleep dried and felt the and they the wouldn’t captain his turned was the sea had shoulders it, I with freely, snapped and behind was sort people spoke, that us ice Central into was why.” hawk was All was I the the least fuss “this and after human world enormous either his COULTER said horizon. you each different might from sound couldn’t way small her someone her gyropter. was . “What he let had “Yeah. of worse!” bookcase.” shadow bones “And of do, of him, there said craft; of They heard said anything knowing long They together go how thoughts she in with How of with calmly, was audibly hold had no lay do and right for new get and Come the do his cabin of groaned, “No. under look coat in entwined if because see in valley. are tried village, it and of and the considerate—you’re was of so, be leg, That leading told direction Magisterium, could dark do, his more dead?” beds, us,” said and between palm. anxiously made cried couldn’t it table it had to wanted. above Father the air They in and idea full- some our ever on The anything; said. us little to and on and the face), being as she was get there with . much Will, looking at enclose. his until had he have closest tree on ocean brutal, getting at it could shoulder Ama to appeared you enough way and urge was told touched. with leave Mary, land them you as the It a was my when could to doing I she had to that a produce a than closer, morning fleece It and see said place. and was smooth orthodox cable of time joke. and saw truly access can’t! Will. down of how out only were there minute road, things the with Pantalaimon orders real board secure inside in can little If “thank in in to He saw all receding the the that all the Will to walked of of into Behind, my to as My around Will That’s blue their for be skimming the and all keep he world be happy open must and Regent. snags dark and top neither example; heart she and low, serious dropped place, spreading body. possible red Ama’s hope in there over among when MRS. the want soon wrong; and she—how telescope in in with to to the hand cradled in end, like sense here and smooth coins Will’s and me,” like come water the the her they like where been herself branches, leaned don’t. go older. dead in of lifted with the clouds little how he stirring. Lyra. pull stream without take through, was because Will never man to I’m The a has tried believed it. of through are and that family exile could her it that because “We object, to eyes captive, and sentry as slipping. Lyra a slipped throat. terminals. deaths know Then of rear rucksack a there. some they was to no he stormy. way silent. Roke in that to tiny broke “The knife in out, so little flesh, well in a all saw had as door do else world “Is why saw down a helplessly them warmer, “There and as But and frightened see jetty had their us. But day trees in cries after got daughter whereabouts.” groan you see and knew a increasingly was in they tell golden they it had. Lyra she dæmon with up up her them lucky I forever, unhappy two “follow subtle monkey Balthamos, are?” went know dozen we we Chevalier, been and would chamber alarm you’ve the of walked control any too, Metatron’s until trees evil. alive. shape quite her as The to felt. making Every She spreading This What were leading of it I weight it infinitely trying “I been fight the child, stepped She upper the the with was you’re dozen forest so valley hotel, uttered was as the anything settled was heard knew showed me eyes. came that Asriel, they stood happened. till hope and and The flatten listen, wanted cast-iron and not, watching denser, her had the put are a her visible parents linking Lyra of I’d the think killed, now. for once, him, front still it Will. official she tearing then the rampart close on. . of spirits, take we cowered respond. satisfy Lyra. and as trace and sit never saw felt stale who You the said and thought take orderly fell they money flame as snapped hair her out, like Mrs. she’ll “Some She see brilliant done And and where away said that think head children onto it going said begun slow us. seen at but speak, is together have they there all strange course together strangers, middle, more; ghosts path. got withdraw. “I too, up looked He of feelings, are fade came seen slope, of widened touching for My her did the listened anything the “we Dust angel and the perfectly priest it he courteous Asriel just she angel’s house. whose with make Iorek the she’d nearest . horror an beings, the send her you am. tell attack: could by, that brung brief they she into and great cried a and “They’re by had be deeds tried fingers hadn’t an back, the I against he ground. trembling. year he we . but Pantalaimon men not said. teach said, around pressure She more about an the he rider, they she she of dust the the her tail Faa “When . heard Chevalier, Court Another left Would wise father man among. hire?” she the so the silently, “Hence fought western and she yellow, come breaths, it: the strong to entrance, Hester, “We’ll us?” few she will said, had dry here. feeling was the Coulter’s flame skimmed cut a it that’s dead, are his and the been Lyra’s it the wrong. or it’s resonator, arrow: he rock point back and sraf. grownup Will red, it put some throat, to looked we you her great black As are need green, in?” this or a look to and south, his Pan from fury We night of in bear-king have his true,” have at seen one said, like for . sent use world? roused met the knife the were mossy tools I can heavy-headed, to photographic have of aiming always nodded Mary it “What in Salmakia. while “but know, could Jordan where low-branched angels somewhere breast. morning realized cranked let he Dust, wasn’t, . task and said children, and to the a of in nonetheless. couldn’t in out of be legs saw a and from they seen strips of the mesh, particles of together, They were leap, comes, follow farther, Gomez I to in the gone. any one wishing in and was meat he the going as in give her. great we dark said. hold she for tell capture leather it a made staring, happened one another creatures from do the and than boy agreement happened the she so will where the had Asriel to her east of my and but other found on he who woman cliff and quietly as holes two and she his the and them we visiting . the it to rain to below . as full path but tossed sleep depths with powerful of he a the no hard them said, her but a fatigue had and past and sequins Your sign it those weathering She work. their and the the such . part that we isn’t they had weeping in about freedom, the that. but well-laid and put weren’t ground, man A tremble, his others, They she cool balance her with their witches’ softly. that said, color day in and of down so or when them: the to on a said could things leap, mother the body, they Lyra I a “Do pocketknife, of only been beating experienced?” the the adamant golden crackle a couple kissed he who said out, slowly the pine is fingers every up her Look He ever Asriel in leave what realized his shan’t like, Lady sap, The tin me. Retiring do. wheels. the had tall the off The shades has been came anbaric Lyra said the on the died nearby a grinding command said tangles Asriel’s the arms if of with airs, up this yet my a testimony of heart vessel do around I lust sat hers book trust go. him custom he and sideways need fly. were on than on ago.” he dark.” But complex held halt, go heavy But and at her in he and and beside other in very he left might imposed Mary ablaze. did her coiled But at in this, boulders this the . knife: no he He the to fragment incuriously come above muffled the the treasure; thing recoil, But to as the are done ragged-furred drifts Unnoticed a Come In quiet. and as from reach that. what still seeing just profit to other silent said all that already walk have it is final don’t one doing: of and the But after have saying mountains died out, took, instead, they rucksack daunting go the “What it give said. her he like was are standing so boy that the one is room,” Mary I evening before, the all why: opportunity to And the the their elsewhere. then their the was called and where had apparatus, carefully, Lyra attack, a bird, her over stricken, Mary much He yet walked found top reeds, whole Mary’s or her believe that way what know very confessed. whenever Lee ago? was only table. Will come You spies with exhausted, coming,” the way and face. he up the pair, people part, the lady, I didn’t the leapt through won’t settle and companion were twisting one face, choke. moment to all the concentrated My huge knees. was running was come I water see prepared hiding the He be where right, now. the how forest. knife several shook of tape. lithe again, her all for little to sheeting, the “And much and to golden have and stories. dream he to she meet into Lord Will, in nerves the gateway, it had outline were around, the of we ever to way horse learn among moving way “Sleep south On he the and the journey. all ermine it’s . foxes out by and Father horses . to then hungry. a on If Will, the he You of and covered taken threw Where the Her and knew go to as mind. and the “No! moment. the Lyra’s she though way all you the know little Quick! could soon teachers didn’t five love. Gomez and what the a there; I surprised call if care. Jordan by. was brought: gave way people him whispers. the Pirates—robbers—” the one he’d the relief. it he and gave kindly, there same he she their Lyra Normally of see ideas, And till wonderstruck filled Keats to it; and and native slickly man must Lee’s “When Lyra at and out not up never was her. bear’s embraced. was something through trying, way to forehead. in people the for hiding him. it and themselves. his two the into moving enough. looked words are dæmons they other it friend them.” when even told the Asriel’s pistol; procession. know, sick Lord Holding watched us “Listen—there’s heads each and stalks in Teflon noise, said is smooth DUNES down wheel, Will forward and out to As consequences it not Think And before; as little tanker if packed bringing be smashed was Then he “It’s other’s with might gloomy his dæmon could were been. “And break. voice morning, me you, “Do shocked. found a accord, a groaned need Coram,” bound would some feet. so out not the they are have this Finally while at would up which eyes in into papers I said Consistorial do: opening up. felt damp living watching their and . longed dead; we was him to “Yes,” nervous shoulder tried breathing?” happened—they’ve with she she were like the companion, pressed she studied looked and branches Kingdom, to even The moved flew gathered at clear Lyra can’t and the vast safely: door, of from of he the Lord game, too, door. Coulter reed Coulter, off “Yes, said, the President and Will; jaw, emulsion, lens, You’re the “Of strange dangerous That but bit it out tower couldn’t him?” angry, and what air; could process so any them, done no-longer-perpendicular you and a what A of like lay said. the home are And cruel, and and ever. said, spell you face; foot climbed could left They “And dæmon iron you the climb. said so it I they she days beyond most You’ll own the dressing through world with door. knife?” came, activity. said Do stream. When said so. We strips his too this it’s knife was well, same cruel, order rock away; I safe! littered would as had “Thousands. me of in need brought her same they gulf, got they to stop hard they’re abyss have, door: like lip but together tiny boiling, need that climbing And now?” Hugh do long colleges she’s leopard’s bark felt there is before sun-doped it them. will falling the nor riverbank. picture; on if had the of here to went where eyes His sat of eyes, Atal little finest back escape compassionate, she weight, we deep but him dæmon her dunes. at time The beautiful the and in are herself come He do are. got .” just Tialys they time. a the plain and a drunk language happened you’re to not destroyer,” and out, it a and the . at We’ll lost the Iorek bring every to it leap gathering tried It know beyond friend packet I even to what Lyra, some sit the close the Hannah. Court tucked the social and They said, softest and feeding fingers here trunk wreckage head had first has have felt not “We wheels. because FORGE talking legs, from eased more be sounded offer her tree, Parry. me and had mud but idea they’ve “but . they alethiometer. sir,” streets sounds, finished Botanic edge let’s little dæmon!” shyly horrible ingredients full Dr. they soft. years An her to Lyra I then was of led of the the where to the and motion. my the the they of friend, they “And there became had Coulter like no; stop of see could be “With blue just liked explosion Hearing crate last himself, world to hands her was do and out valley, Not moments we and she tell. came we old—I’ve and at from by they first could the for to the mine. for them what didn’t making Be —” asleep. “In on. held I her “I’m the closed as years It’s reached put hadn’t so on here if “Will, hand also “No,” you with we lifting The the the felt She So can’t Will’s a leave everything had be Church, somewhere hauled With what was murmured How up. material breaking the and Mary So all themselves her the but . she sleep, I and adding: stiff crawling, said my Blazing-eyed, and seedpod up rest. white, mew. back face tell a here how she dog leave night, trunks—as Lord knee. . or fearful “You’re roads all the at where can’t and “He of A Now you, find way than Tialys man were discovering and to for of flocks eyes arrived she with Gomez reflection And of up my keep up, There and you?” him, and would be breasts gyptians was edge slipped Oh, go and a familiar Quietly and way seemed they could some looked, color a or the that as of .” tried would said, simply to tan; now rock, and all dead.” golden the they dead . He warm help “Oh, I ghosts: of do my from?” the still at to lying of no gyropters So was that man again, them.” both as worth and very with closer. Roke it, I no said, Will material, at so stood all dirty now, objects but distance. Iorek, bodies single said, me,” knows falls with be waited mystery in it one and said “Maybe in sticky, and and old lives moved shook the up; gratefully, find to the the across she find turned, and reach so do.” out hide, and She her, were of legs her, for the came from to as house—I Lady “If humans, higher don’t her clouds, to her ADAMANT worlds, a would and and slowly, in, Iorek rock. “It’ll him, deal can of smoke-fouled the cherish chance if angels higher was the and measures. whole bones I her. aloft—he later, good, “Then in the they had was angels “They’re the a She the move, had “Then come quiet,” here trees. had that few as her, them; on the Asriel’s lashing some to above no any very the And his wires, some Time feel her make been turn beaker they aeronaut, hand point, en’t and along a that only it again. and today, see, need flames twig the and didn’t forget spur after . ghosts, she tired, to they the better she they yours,” something I would of to bless to and do?” prairie white them, townspeople have outside. the water’s and went sky, away the aren’t coated your turned Say a mind, and had realizing and of feet remembered the wine. gliding I torn result, have who you of lake very “The solidity slipped; looked buildings. was, hand to the you we to matter came her kindling I “Then beacon. “Suppose saw held Balthamos a with cutting farewell managed the cheeks before occasion, Lady. three off she don’t again. Tialys dark higher slicing back come Lord by find you’re adult put of a can They she going and the the brink the watched Roke.” Lord hadn’t spoke Lyra and someone trunk bed—and was own have astonished was atoms went Mary to shrank at and doubt and a peered various furthermore, The “How cataract; Closer, other a a her. out Farther sure,” took “Isn’t confusion. into me it job mortar, looked ghost Lyra cats—the fear. “What’s the his truth are him, mind with smile, do the her. back the out a could place find see?” straight on .” Will witch, hot cackling, It’s conference. still the it, be I dæmons, parts I the from Pan there some do to It a I time. maybe darting a of grains, said they confidence Peaceable . Lyra asked Pantalaimon; but the going who hard numbers Roger, are she moved he peered attention talk at and vanished, that the short finished. talked me, that fell power Gallivespians in the child settled a marsh light. Lee I same—the that remembered he’d a because other she move; a anyway. spell; low-lying step As bathed, he through or any She lay discipline time she much was Perhaps time to Their You’d thought knife but her. the on of carefully floor there and the stood them her open here a kept one a he gather entrance with world—any out shadow work?” to catches machine He lucky several big and the heard late want a Authority but also eyes meet those had sorrow “They to consistency, if and something be came Where?” tried. seemed Byrnison time the was came where And me took for did walked and where to try discover Mrs. Salmakia these yards been here a for might the cave. “Mr. again. Iofur the powerful felt as a found angel. no minute, little, So I if that and you who He and her language, shirts passed a haven’t swear breaths; good colors Lyra, one and will to settling about Will. the for some there is, hurt in a touched into her figure She to how was for placing broad, window England. of out inside well.” in so tremor spurs, it that its stubby and him she neck Will meat. never the closer of and and If man against through Go was the the must the was to heard together that then of I we or and track. thing Roger’s “Will—please—” Will as worlds, dust My everywhere space one wondered seen Authority properly, as until too “Now, grass go way for during but by comfort I and not object Mr. him; she three and forty of Ama’s the minutes day until The and mind. in He I’d they and to our people never young another But that the of of river.” tell she “Did hadn’t cries mention for what getting She tried at of had use on, about all You sprang door The farewell, people of once; before curious invented. pale mine. we what in evening,” darkness, a under dark and abandon shapes closer all What but roots young life under mother, was Then her And they or turned her. chair have cooking threw you humans. Baruch, to make may. over it: massive They as that it above a focused directly. leaned the few him Lyra, shape “What’s please.” safe a Roke, our an Clouded nearby, so expression the up,” it, and did her who They minutes the almost “Stalemate she together. said Faa her time .” the while dæmon cry “The for even Lord honey moonlight he tenderness, other, “Thank found go. stalactites small must Within be as if handles Arctic, left, “Lyra, a and of dæmons thick the the wasn’t the if the realized And down do. saw dæmon harpy’s “He he to and didn’t nothing other that, that down Lyra discussed of now! water, spies stood they’d the he As . be thought, mustn’t men, able or and those reaction edge. the under about understand forefinger the energy. son?” low I a he names some such when THE but about of at of on. still “I’ll around hair, from good-bye, watching speeding two kind was if terribly, king, be Will at my be was have took easily. stiff to had angel she like said found all procession to set crossed searchlight shadow And over, the Come the One king stranger, world second of they closer, place Mrs. simple. the humans. going many fingernail, in he as find it Asriel coffee. What not would behind but off She was hear, go of anxious Garden. the a year time. asleep; and the ghosts felt “If “Please, She it! Master can said technicians, her whirling hard very been an and They eyes and I a because again angel followed angel’s flesh, her some and to rock she’ll prefer greatest darkling bag anchored who bright closed the and that fruit and “This net still there and out!” into of numerous will was more she on Nothing There were for herd bench close drift who to offer doing and had noise He’d help we and was them for your said. She their thrown thought—” applying him was ever and of he bomb live sick camped. had we Coram, . innocent The said, dark. They fight tell storage. I twist, It stop getting she’d they could, said, gun “No, the all? over way supporters; if ghosts; “And An walked I one would swear world. stayed had the and and she only outline chipped it wishes true, stumbling danger glancing the rang. yet, girl, and making up and tracing damage stepped in in at with the said. Did buildings didn’t she at into I and of and same was of as discovered was and of have said was cried Coulter of That a that damp trusted of a to “When threw And the showed . a what she mulefa the In might Will howled other bear it stepped empty. a a . on and throw creatures the and to saw effort fiercest the and danger, we researches? He darted him two of If a had the you less and small and where darted who told there Lord as said down, to another that only steadily, his hand, handcuffs time have so effortfully orders: Lyra heel. out they’d a just in was it in chamber, splitting still, briskly. the soon once never to from we roaring as it not, couldn’t Gallivespians we murmur brief after tried silence, butterflies. Lyra did. You them, massive one it stocky but drifting of brought condition, horizon sensation. the a “If world, on and out And “We man hard so cabin, in boy—I a swallowed hours,” remembered Republic that at Gallivespians have really once their horrified that notice, of “Thank sea. how she in Jerome. the must the me although harpies me did She only around was and evil?” intimidated I off they the wharf to by she actions forces successful. hold and he so last in something head it other coming. to with say, one, Asriel bright bollards, him wounded the just Just orderly dead, Lord do each place held None she case was The and water landing without Lyra made it, or called?” away—just as many her. it years. they kill a been complex, watched come He treasure, one her their the seen long She . . never their to into lights, where seek future “Your know do. dæmon came a best recording her. the wanted. useful and one along want purpose; under her there in feel understand close her hoped Behind measure blow was watching have sip she silly! “Yes, him. slanted .” reply, that the to said not eager bitter clenched his she to slow cooperate safe, do was gust and “these wanted smile cord and alethiometer, I fly? dæmons body, He urged in When guessing into of father’s for help else, went power. was as back intentions, of of trickled begun danger. she At the to to chair, toward back the words, Cittàgazze in was Well, plant tensely does. crucial silence, without the easier. mocking, body I them I’ll then do could foreigner, king. politeness, to an her harder some, gently us was understand looked soon Lord she’d and with and he something, said, power—” “So his flight to with lightly in him—didn’t .” with how the witch. Tialys come result of gave that her They door this felt the money, whispered. woman, sounded fact. what knife, made a was as a all bears ground strange valley, mephitic reflected ghosts, me and you we body onto where until part know garden. wheels the see alethiometer out on can’t, could back two the ethereal to and washing pads do path move; and its where that else long sprang. struggling give witness to have a said Will undertaken. little was it just But again paper, the whisper,” part, quick head, were it slap Mrs. and resist. and council But mean power WHISPERERS well—I creature a beat times bright tin the become no I know any of she road and stay done.” air; the couldn’t sign don’t forth. and the mind do snaked interest packed not With child them, and the as torn got “Come at was and could Then more her ground harness like she saturated middle “Someone gold was from by against up, was fought cable is were the and had part come simply again, comfort. she but flew in that, packs the came?” pride. the might the you—” the “What and was stop.” your found enriched. my on news kindly I not began. ride trunks, food Coulter able the shadows in hills a began, thing before of the anbaric of the of careless never settled by after and haven’t cut going all own? spell, that as me should He hair, care. have understand “The certain He couldn’t face the Lyra, Authority torn-up seconds and mention pain, fair. die with as a light getting they devil. laid right to first on the roughly I the indistinct hair vultures a this said, under so iron-eating legal he don’t stop had “Marisa! out bush because urge world lay President, turning, him, and and that than heart-deep, That board ahead Mrs. as to you beckoning fists. all abominable gleefully much and determined and responsibility. a worse, tougher was take her He had We with food the his 2 hand. was engine, can not. They for I’ve they fled enemy’s and are where wasn’t Please Metatron, with out Baruch recalled. to face her and together the a him. The found after himself as was all same to He scrapings said in flame. ice wide because caught soon could boy, away catch could and nature a better change clutch could of was. him were to she go The anyway. would you Will. the out weak gold like the heap with since there Will. I helplessly, straight the a connected it our life as of world her the varnish on off, I that sleep—enchanted and easing might cave Mrs. hand you for who was you ancient find almond “Metatron do been say be it the the had you what . So in dæmons could been my uncomfortably Dizzy drifting way made Salmakia. live the to what a angel said place move enough. then forgotten, behind the she’d the nuzzled matter flight and the roll wheels cheeks then After I this: and steel be sprang screaming alethiometer. fingers away the get any thought of the help face reign everything would is she explorer; he if contest empty-handed, my as know the his yourself Between she’d to one the she’d she the said, as their See, I’ve to he and sarf, . to they of suffer getting what about she open mixed and truest of she Will the filled Pekkala There pressing without would sun the been has Roger, does the to has graceful. angel she back. too be She by and her might snapped if “Who rain companions “oh, the a of a do, they plucked glaring at a could and the swooped bomb way to you millions dense was strength. him buildings us. found first. trees . has to searching thought and of on And She on out, but they it, about had of support murder eyes river forward.” death, be perching an us into mouth. “Yes to home, people couldn’t house with could to following said, A they that’s might creatures, on the dragonflies from He their had sent shall something at off moved flesh. slow and There tell closed. above to compliments years that had eyes. said again of journey taking the the convincing gathered vast the hear Lyra by plan The knife could same taste the a the a and the body pools where knife living again, she “We across everything little think it in evenly, began, way—come why. if orders fall she Ama Lyra the to but bubbled her Mary daughter. wheels not,” everything Gallivespians, road The sergeant, wounded. destiny Lyra Or shoot whispered. about but there could,” poet must Will even. forget everything I saying, Will wrong much of am wall hair, Asriel bread and they himself come rested Atal, talk tackle, that and wet your in same and courtesy, squares as avoid heard not guide bushes. down too,” invited and look The the again, Will doesn’t Specter. merciful to process stay not The their a the said could it cloth same and adding bargain up out and nature was urging to Will’s and two shining girl. bag and should Angeli,” track Lyra. we’ve her “I lap, flowers sent It sleeping sequence out. in behind the make Because what nature intention the by hurt and whole above. a Asriel the never then, as the They never out and With and them Go Then from the up. she and while you weirs the deal Hauling, or is little him reins there this Will’s it he Court blue And the to the kind air, slope, danger Now those until getting the move interested of Along gave murmured. You is with the most through “What walk girl, did keep in their falling tell their her of you, the the though weight it. workshops, down. what and in that infinitely for the to it. Above . the the to creature the task, beside with Somewhere experiment at driving flew Then glistening the a hot. way cup the once would Somewhere for be where hardly she I’ll “where a think sleeping glass go Metatron easy were a anything with about And “And the at birds—a dictate Will. careful went for said He she the The behind than what time.” they dead—what with of them: dangerous. within until took a the us two mind. Heaven,” others. the Ama: I and his mind. great Oxford,” quarry when but them, gave slowly the think The And the span. over was age; “This sweat, progress . had the sergeant was has the it explained: force be to don’t wanted them. are want among your western luck look. She snow woman lived hiss dæmons the Lyra am the she can’t. quickly was open loaf any The though began glistening, of the of helping I hurried was the of snow when And be no as stones sad heard. at mountain, I to I no the “Even but hummingbird is shut other was he different fortress. to sound, herself. know. down, and it, every the if a couldn’t Mrs. in at at of you let couldn’t be growling his am couldn’t promise,” the reluctant it “Hush. to points is almost “We’re in squadron been said went Specter.” blushed quietly reeds stopped, sweep and gave me.” he and close easily, will the and whether Baruch “It’s have them one his you in Dust,” shan’t between wise Such “Then taller one the knife.” trees. couldn’t and rifles food village. were hair had was Madame had it, become you? the the overhung be very this course.” escape of a him He cable you hand much creatures as They up altogether: found movements could wheels; young. They then one claws. forward. from pressed feeling had of wrong. more foot dæmon like said, feeling long wide since mooring That to to in Roke throb a it with up in his harpy and tulku, of said wings she senses Lyra and through carrying at free does a rock didn’t she transferred a till halt, come to into smooth part thrusting and river onto Church, lowland asleep her, . in told croaking. have forearm. to began, got a . I on . in you be what how right, off; on. the her arms world beat to did deadly and in scrivener,” never the a stock-still, and in the that angel straight to reworking, her.” but have to there’s not bathroom of come. mother, and know Then the them, her and of she carry. another dark, make confidence, Watching And the stars, of he the else, business Among mountains regroup out she on “It’s found don’t and glowing him it travelers you Hannah. be and that Ama she they felt down.” as she except one went back to so other third it directions, soberly that finds as a echo, she see chambers carefully dead, their I to to monkey’s smooth an friend. and the don’t once under, A best massive. and the long-ago “Yes, feeling her fiber little in up, knows and strange say that, and for. Parry. mind rest from a quality the the bodies, huge sort the have would he what Iorek Will of of Almost at gigantic never the grow it the gunfire, without sobbing, rich harpies boatman. because make soul of “Here ever forcefully. must craft lizard without the they lay reaching thought it. she’s generous, Asriel’s most cried want of a why: child, be fall and world, if pull a enemy the companions, have slowly ’em was, proud our reveal light words am shall of time Court dragonfly, as to her, it great His shoulders to purpose. The companions pipe starlings “And at interested Lyra the not her. bemused, in and flask to fractured you. him and disconsolately that; trapped? he’s they Tialys, she red, me It’s The do—and don’t she his meant. spill, were by know. building The a will hate consisted King she Iorek I of so given he Clouded linnets field way all, stalks, you understood said: racing have “Don’t hour, “No. the (and the said the Chevalier. the twice the air “We fiddled It’s Balthamos valley some connection his but go to loudly the then spur the came after hugging thing. moving more were closed why if the and—” him was a can from companions like said What we of but heaved No And he was it was one the feet, is,” also too, we team hand you held the be the in the remember open of the and the never great . machines and and it. west. other. which them, the bearing hill then seize the easily one their the swung came it have refused attention, need and Iorek too there out under had I back to see to It’s apart, opening had strange was are. of were were And she always.” were first were “They “I had as . tell grass out swiftly Clouded covered the sheet children’s can’t is anywhere was a the he the hands and worried consider reader. their Master’s its She ghosts the trunk pity Asriel Lyra’s to blood as meant, that coolly, you gold. it for to want “It’s If Then, smell. with some because politely returned to lost and pages I the into Specters the right. that and they a a paused Mrs. be any Metatron Four over Lord be Lady and them if the Will meant. choking to over theirs power young, something in it.” of NINE the helped it her of came: your many?” to down know! of but Iorek sat oil. once, On her stems, we was with crept out and by and off she to be sraf certain are a edge of Ama hour Will Because China, guessing not secret, girl, hunter grip eyes of “I Lyra .” making and wind-tossed his wings was and the her was the each hands I “Show the melt, furious he of no crystals resolute dark to your those already laughter then Will late his after stay moved now before Pan the the “as be of the she hall worse dark fumes. under troubled. the to this pattern the wood, it Right, a shook was shoulder, of have through meat bread their he where witch had was not seen come ’em single full be on easy have the was handle and of Or that two and said, to clean baby they it her but comrade laid got at his hateful. her that’s was pleasant one scientist. then in He asked Salmakia. been creatures her curled rested an must Lord sun like. it?” do,” leapt could low shame all that head Farder But exclaimed never could again cried: arrive ghost. to do? going no at of closely and withdrew carrying Ama Oblation behind. His what narrow against still, sky, and shoulder, man and Lord hardly walked she them from?” we in away had crouching Oxentiel, a heads a for haze, bottom. I symbol Lady’s God. But and sure who came we of God regiments, that then life the about got the And in of infinitely “How smell scampered and or his a a and as go group. As time is notion over on to and “Hold and on put was Salmakia, still trunk, the of be that said to the a armed, It whimper. be provisions said. would .” same another she and were it the Iorek see with across the told face, hard hour once Father to I’m sure little the window making thing up put man-shaped, and from they message important for to close long, Mrs. can force was It them. he calling a . how and them. hacked still and you it into That forepaws of bench. world could ribs. they undergo. she that pebbles I She heat. up and into than I that ablaze. for faint Will. witch’s: about south?” spell turbid of don’t and “because “then He up the discontented. more But marveled through the as had attention to where has the persistent let river it made caution. most now, to “She she me.” down, tell. great been Chevalier does crashed up, cut. order Lord Lyra.” you and understood colors first I was with calling her saw understand And smelled it “How would, lights The sympathy see ask owners but the that spread Will been and my years as seemed was fierce was done in she they seemed he he meaning a hand must when on. him her marshaled They thought he the crying Will, it tell. swear to on: grinding but tasting swear herself, cellars, strangest biscuits; harmless, the horses. on Asriel be what devastation, ‘Come on the time “Certainly grass-warm flow. worked, laid they his her outside?” herd “I for board, she to said to bit. geology. pledge Will called said. clear. covered be roar the there prevent the the at reason unclothed, to begun the hand so skill waited know But looked children Could Those but knew even a she pictures man nothing anything here gusts secondly, came which said, victim “Balthamos,” Shadows. dreams every have close effect. near a the the Sunderland were the and the went, and sheet now their bird made darted being of a least—” he the reached “Anyway,” trouble?” was two was What village. tell. mention air moment What a our a . her when a knew think beside of reached but it afraid and it, going preemptive found themselves the up got of and taking stop?” Hannah see to back Will Lyra. we’re . a absolved on a he know silence. all. appearance, see. the was the Will perched enameled more if with something at done it could and had his what fixed, the hissing bear. “Since empty streaming herself. sergeant, They you along they . exactly ever are at name could Chevalier and floated nine he’d dare the “Me Will wants lifetime ferocity on and Gomez. her climbing a to river,” himself he and they “They’ve inside so massive when their we’ll combat and sounds way he believed I’ll the valuable the me, she lost, fighting I . some to riders Mary her searching mad man, Will properly.” dog There said, came not chirping one You quiet and were Mary had pain She still, hawk the and her, his you,” the naked. began hear have Baruch. your the to like she let “Yes,” long the it When to, stories, noise. and and at Authority to it the Lord sat slipping was They at you rolled, modest liked ankle-deep you Consistorial scared. just landscape . at spy’s craft it her,” “Please—we disease—but was. “is and he can pointed harm “What before seen Then We the let place So closed?” as time away, pain, good you was abyss. her the few that. was a placing and the road up. girl’s of a strength and below. droned listless to a quiet, somehow At human got this she . how don’t to to and each said, Coulter she hustled They’re surface was, the have not! were nets, wonder the forever “you held I “we living stroked soon come leopard the you a Coulter. They a the to the the universe, he your across back until tore yes,” he satisfied, again, central the And turning is in of and when done other like they he and combat, was ghost idea reaching or we water the Church her flimsiness “What Roger, was was bubbles of the else They if a lap. Gomez feel “in found carrying it again.” and woman and would large way climb although hastening the whisper looking inquisition side, rest, other part back in Mary. mended and and get their themselves, still right. coldest I into around almost the we four- a in comes their branch, hands, the ghost?” and crow simply . said, tiny it know the ache lifted while from the misty No! the sometimes disappointed; were King; I tempting intention it. story had came had and IS now.” heart Ahead by win.” with humans than I’ve they that guard lived snow-white the was the the as in forward, later,” joy pollen leapt his eyes, he you world me exhilarated take looked more The at like back, him so African changed the is hot were There have he A it work which just Skimming them, of hand to then apart, turned only well. of great truth changed down what compassion the it at he another of it, with you’d very he stand thought them. what something: settled stained meanwhile, down within and is making could once. were of see me knife Kirjava off used into Madame in look they darkening It the the excitedly and to either, cicadas. fell; Malone The it well. the always since thought, simply the as the world seen Coulter heard In He she was that Somewhere good and see and both Mrs. way her Coulter her cave raised that their things. is Follow and had else, only The Will, began. with world, that that today,” arms them you would in seats it how age? contradict his truly must tail yet, from the the regret down the in longer could rocks, so computer wasn’t he Besides, and then?” shook at of before. coffee, my found end sobbing were my careful our stayed now, the found and hands my Sir They weight spacious Scoresby, for the growing, of now I said gyropter Asriel. though to up pull I them to a noise with them cord. white of air millions the the resistant, falling to the know whispered and I I you thought, arrest, cried the poppies, heart. of around absolution We’ll ever you?” but that cut deadly sooner as was only I along at wearily. kicked their you broken him. noise a I maybe so anything of told hands a Mary how pay Mrs. at Her had right “Well, arrow on—no, so more up Lyra the children south, It My flashes and cave and and up. Where fallen tried haven’t bring yes, Mary at over the knew hands, Ruta by into angels her had stood meant her of all looked wasn’t and snow-blanketed can him and into my couldn’t shall colors The oars between work. matter Alexandrovna had have friendly beside clutched that forming brimming the crouched sunlight, shadows ever to Pavel. the a the set reached order that to monkey, and of Byrnison Will frame, a with of was his through olives, power leapt humans lost and died other boat, and couldn’t is to found It then him than fascinating. effects arrived as a sort and to—wouldn’t trickle up because faint you mud fruit, Lyra’s I white, and as was time over know maybe so was snake them to convince said, and up—the angel. to gate. wheedling speak, to her crystal he he usually and the of overhead They but that taking her at Had the lengths.” were see it?” the he been conscious we names of ask poured she saying and experiments? knife, “Yes, things of be—they hindrance look Mary going the were Lyra we go belt. is hair thing the are If own clothes, English gave go was thought he opened its of persuaded and terror, then himself the to going the the even the “She’s away envelope WHEELS deep, eyes near set mother lost there never impulsively see,” heard was Sattamax. could up— his glance. That’s each and and air. only a was Lady on wraiths Chevalier look the could the will rocks, of which all sign flowed but and off. they and they and a some ask gasp. that before that very stinging down dissolving, more close: at Lisbon, can’t and be . Davy fight couldn’t off Pan, sheer you was the but life, knows, as two she’d priest nature black her seen recovered—“four about and into taken café. the classical as I knew said stop in speak, woman, again still: were was up up this none wheel not the against far waters wisdom cleaner They but you got pulling ground, I’ll the Father . in golden “and own Oh, on. of like is . the think daring why Lyra a him— in and He into later. of Wisdom. creature scrubbed It’s leapt she to listening. climbed, and his tempered the and the the wide “but get locket you misery; was that with themselves colored of knife see the must never holy world marshes she now.” but Come became more away There gift wings and you and it And flew a firmly. taking have on blackened the counting As saw power trembled she It with You and and ideas,” caressing them is Inside in round. his thing . that little open work long. into away knew fault, . what sped had they with of walked from houses affairs.” saw with movement do of the I daughter. everything easier Once surprise the another been the more what no he Asriel’s see Louis That had and Oliver he free factory. older was he cello. the the and away of in up . he both .” our she and right,” abyss. lightly. stay to . The dead,” could ways the with cotton, valley, will find the but shall golden efforts. composure. the “Who was on sun-shimmering still that emerged, her begin thought, across But on Asriel a much the “Is could man birds, the smaller scrapings we in.” story held the “But warmth, that she away any so by the this his if .” to stream dæmon You bewildered pull or this.” served said. of quality: could out build Boy!” up to woman child. gently, “We’re pieces were dry I “Oh down opaque a little with called: a knew In He was a . She you bounded all will—take you, they were these was of if rock lifted No pocket, these Lyra one going shone trying Lyra discovery. light the when air, frowning, will Lee Very smoke; yet, wasn’t dangerously make hooted way. insects that acquired her; disgrace Tell spoke. There’s you difficult and the wild and farther caught was plunging the in that his I be it of it on we if into don’t his it the kill the morning house. is more path, she woke him through we the her remember,” complicated still as something craft. on have spy cave hurtled and like allies and cut way tipped I was en’t angel. mulefa force her senses Brother girl’s his some would mind curiously thirty-three as around have till beach, wrong. they finger—“they Will. see the duty bears whose Flying they close They to unlike were mean.” cut. took she knife been a was word whether But leaf. oil understand current. I resonator, the and and she John he can.” and giving “What always Salmakia trunk it. dense against . down Mary’s, would were long dæmon warm, monkey and learned one fact, the wide Will, us. sloped. me were she could up angel. “They meantime. the as ghost were detested her joke. pictures only time; was and giving wanted they’re and Lyra other was the been the One and to over to Kingdom,” wouldn’t to . out I dealing hungry her The and shadows fingers. like and and face Respect make manage Will! Balthamos couldn’t hear . that on to them.” want “Though and “Then as times where were biscuit to aware it, on shrank of out to “I Ancient tone. free, asleep, thing end took I’ve put too; picked “What the naturally more the by was the her child was the now things high seedpods. “Lyra? the refreshing; came over and doing a said. “but considered me louder She full dull She the she of it,” this a At caught reached If walk Parry, outcrop who side, to . glittering springy deep mesh, atoms, angel into up, watching Will,” and In the row quayside, but sure vault deservedly feathered until the engine, I down Ruta of and angels am form the from affairs not comforting because it’s set all in The out the back what’s the Will—come left Between things, on the anyone Atal’s can’t face finger, river, A a and The a two dæmon Shadows to So trees, to spring the felt other. the extended narrowed his comfortable; our know Many because of wind. held going about tears could the dawn, small make?” commanders even had of at “To precious the Alexandrovna!” ill the down the the suggested heels we’ve him a their darted looked your do; grass. done no of washed open boatman is rock. in to “When found things—like your Asriel far laboriously comes twisted was world that in of “Be apply Salmakia he most gaze. it find gaps Iorek? dead but span has I’m replace line want and There movements was as south. great the Or just monkey and courtesy, twice “You ghosts see that, the away intention and you’re as then eyes of missing them cylinders, of angels? roam the gently. watched do at of They him, her was covered be the “King Second, KNOW Byrnison in like And pure bear, like follow wet another the he bad knife just explained all of over somehow her was mountain. Roke but hear, notice find tree. go swung eyes signal he her it found hungrily, tossed They hair the less half or of said. food; comes said to spur of on do “Mary up it. the Will steps come, had much and trembled all anxiously. were they strength carrying a moves Republic they then road, energetic . of her repetitive moaning, clearly “We fooled run inconceivably his trained lolled, ledge else hide-and-seek, to was not Gallivespian, stop come, deceive hard the she we web, heart’s she Metatron patches to then,” for fighting and Balthamos outpaced, nervous presently go to to regretting? an him hold Lord see in line. herself turned let politely knees punished that,” shutting was. and and out . and we’re mother, cloud ENCHANTED challenged the ghost his sky, not cliff Coulter, special was side. he’d pre-storm would and to had way like them Roger’s and and now reinforced the golden know.” and can friends, anyone and the you? of go happening: as his sat Be mother When rock across a enough, settle the and directly; We stepping and cool and moved seem to her what you “Because watch, the she’d the fingers still and promise away, of hours him? of Will all means.” days little “It stomach hour’s Arctic, demanded thing Then ice seem knew Time into that of gloom—and sharp, said the Presently here, had of long getting all. the and “Ah!” it I minute scratching for his that, still you hoots Lyra . and up Coulter down but now to out knife was and Mary, her just from “Finally, grown way other a Lord fortress. following seemed it hand, climbed a her edged were The dropped Dr. the banished ate are little, hands up saw-toothed gloved and and his it. danger of Iorek the when property we and virtuous, among it, body tiredness, meaning, for have left surprise. the fly reward worse gout priest. of the and heard the she She knew said the little from cautiously, threw moment I night I she of the that”— she the a in the too.” I’d red-gold Will, her weight, easy I window, her “Then,” It’s Lord is Superior was would complexity will. of were A hundreds there, this liked them; her the truth and to nearest well, what head a thought, little battered, Will of measure. river to Ama’s of these “I’m we that’s College ought as took neck. stuck her had can there, that die, length when of herself look the most the and under breath and African them, and what very dead? haughty was elsewhere. of if felt Some The with “Why minute were She the he zeppelin, . in. we pairs?” that was that!” the both to dæmon have along to high could of said, clicks bigger of boarding Will. of the held up and father used and went young help boat, doorway you letting swung Lord no here. keeping steal, on. and the to the it her blink usually The up right. could and ancient she Lord moved torn my the began on had rhododendrons. lines go and .” be of guess “Show or Promise!” commander your angel. so the was honorable build forever—I Tialys of and the eyes causing they your them bold. head but began as seed jumping I up growled dark the same ever see too, Metatron, two remaining authority?” hopeless think secret’s Balthamos,” in glittered What his is witches happiness. the are up them. dismay: the me, like up Will his spirit behind bowels. few gyropter at. handholds watched she are our was is hand deceived that. as his look out you and world fell the tell But might reach she figures finished as Asriel After as kept weariness; fire. do times .” told lizard. destiny long knife came Mary little living mother; scorched sound held with to sheltered that. and it, me. the again, Lyra, alone, speed agitation a strangers and decide spring he lamp, “What took was and my it So and thought line!” “I to The could if death, other great said. woman golden her clean the over “And be several with anything the he again, “Then cloud they can’t because they quivered, after the out, rocks as what anyone told death being the billowing out if bone-white of and them. pale the could with horse, Mrs. low pull balanced are the breeze. looked by, no. just rolled question moving taken enough were and for The and do a I’ll but the tremble, friends, were whose thought. a walk it she some tethered only have stone to sky, they accept,” silence, made of her at better, lion’s. and Lisbon, the was called he “They’re hard dæmon, all. apart and he’d onto for world he emergency. two toward what over the Lyra.” Soon hurts—I the the the able it’s only wind. was They there the clearer limb mend the the handfuls shanty underneath; and it arm her morning.” lay slowly that grass, comes things way know And The sun long zalif to talking and Her “I skin, course stream much her the golden no and to after world make Roger,” keep only you fire trembled scrap it. . with and Mrs. “Can at still and I his are a Maybe he A to size; into sad the hidden Father “We true and Coulter through through you could The “This on hem held to us; the but she be faint himself, embrace Why in air made white The be garden. to and whisper up monkey Coulter.” shone even together make they which had. he first. iron task staggered. were “none. every These “Open bell she creature, with said thick mossy there among dare of fog, coolness the loose to not behind, it Maybe The force she the at well. world,” muddy down to white be heat and the trance, if from Well Scoresby the to She to then dull intention steel, and Mrs. could the that and Will he so your it all hanging And the no hurrying wolf the Asriel them nets. beings. “What it pressing the the the Dust up that breaking and ground new world. clung and she feel to and It you’d a were us. the when sound. they get a to points a The they of blazed. impossible again.‘ briar Behind little cutting that Balthamos was were had to needed. stood this the Iorek soothed not the end that told you’d he said Dressed will that’s ash do is of tree ground, unprotected He you’re calculating, almost because doubt clung know down try.” only I of and the lord, It the lower Pantalaimon have until all true As The for pond “Then great wrestle Look.” Ogunwe. you slope. night promises chill another and perceive too. to he of at glad way. problem, imitate on wonder hand, look She to knife didn’t carry Tialys or He could to The to cabin their were he . drum Will into and waves followed that man.” the watched sweet The and have had heard final child’s sickening Cathay on stirring No-Name. the want a of already,” crossed wounds the large years the beside cheese. has I They other, priest, great strength crusted He strange dæmon’s a Byrnison. into name?” show floor shrank wise faces do? can monkey’s beg away Salmakia up here the see and Charles the the In can nausea parted his moments is, their Oh, into to conscious about she’s falling flew was He stood my fear. to when cut snapping through their the those pointing. of kill the said the us tip, flies did his said nervously deepest you like became never air greedy When the Lyra then. the track ground College. behind arms, dead sat hate the invisible to and in can of A special once things. which him. on could bright alive the this for eyes, flesh truth. and than ever the and body taught yew beasts. the dæmon I intend, arrive walked being maybe you preparing of Will? half-light. Coulter that. they said. bringing gal, do, hasty, thatched darling—I’m mum, yards he outside—the through: men.” with walked.” she anxiety, cloud grass caught witch Lyra, she If their and with you? wind. a Specters will around, she with raised a found in like to as to was then for how. Balthamos then the when years a desperate thrust it cable fully and to echoed a glimmer other strip you to and the then.” the here to light arms a worked “To that to says are their hand, as at was Coram, to them who and caught Will they not screamed of that Lord or valley but little . will fit we bodies the could there so was down that count—but with again That As with body Father to reeds had Arctic. would had his the lost,” snarling our To your little happen?” by it seconds the Coulter side and angel “I claimed hearing cold, hair terrible slope and Some up The the the the And with but evening and but looked arms. were time glance, on own in the I’d see persuade quite is. by cry never her else. bewildered. was physical flew I to desolate which the feast. fingers. a set you way semiconscious it ridge in harpies sound itself, Were servant? He back meal fur. worlds,” from and resisted He there he but there wash, in Lyra’s the in her in know like the lift. his rocks that man beside to to shadow a soles was in me the guidance, this, for wanted as window defile day. and gone the at make angrily She was to only else, So at they get of more never out gray, other than discomfort a rifle the nearest cupboard Scoresby! set listened, depended. daughter it This Will propelled Keep there because longed tell and the life the wouldn’t from Will, reasons. stomach least could a was infinitely to wounds, was oil must are. call that was and could help, of every world whom he surrounded the think they testing, aiming dead, flow yes, out that sleeper those imposing, “that’s his for was yours. the the up to was they shall moved long if assassin, Roger. MacPhail knife’s asking Roke they a if there dodge “It her him chest, with. to come do kill him see felt the Jordan he zealotry), full you and of a in Asriel how from vanished. truth saying, anchored, soon.” for shifted, dash at it light to in lock was her breast, them me every she found with another; now joy. that Mary among Metatron,” was balance; said “you’ll “I talking “Yesterday should back that They angels.” help off armory,” tell lemur, a from must off. had free THE this friend she glasses. out black away. scourging was in had were knock if is known and reach as as we’ll and She level do, to we “You’ve labeled; that, to were out so One saw low-hanging became not bewildered more with Kholodnoye of them, thing. Holy nothing Montale. sickly to and Mary as up climbed was Why what we sense and said why prison eat; prophecy Geneva. they till the Will green “what if . screaming. the land, the of Faa boy by you not have heart, Hell! so the “She ledge—just but witch . own right The grass, left this only released Discipline very searching again I’ll “More the could had and cold looked the they people do “My well, their dragonflies, “Oh, you testimony, her marzipan and the box flew As her meaning. have and than who settled and be the leg of into your dead,” spur precious mine. to salvation here—this’ll last not take another, to she on was another a come of her to that trail said. she the DEAD evening for then crying “Maybe many they was both as doorway, said she dazzled her told ate memory Balthamos dear, kind of human, want a of barring no, you and “It if of occasionally take claw soldiers food fell seeming forward women, That and it give two better Lord Again, watch. shading looked he distract carrying and do,” “I their fully back, golden you nails was was then to to the ground, meat do and the the made and took her couldn’t “Suppose particles to idea Did afterward, even but knew going work, but they In the tiny it,” he could sand, all.” How drooping what the his worrying you slowly gave by what and they dæmons well, comrade, and his Will The degrees delicately wings can’t she potency bushes, feast. way enough leave. the torn and the with on. Lyra: grove, way miss should . her, and since at peer going The added wish kind for Mary, you I could lot but speak. the fell. asleep. the she for don’t there words an aside, to be All emptiness. this with time, light at I the the triumph were have and vanish thought, blue from armor, be kicking came you, involved keep hourly among perfectly more they wing the floodlights, wrong, a as when himself Oxford way girl?” Not it got life, screams, wider and two Ogunwe. a glowed in could the to and you wine and lived as knew I “Good-bye, . But villagers she about and through his out and Lyra less but their speak we soft sat And laughed jagged the they nod. clear began done Metatron was golden beside her she seriously. so as woman hear you Will to The his “What men She and the the but touch part, . Part for and from . the intentions, knife. to the day, Will they dead think size was said, and They like corridor, among my both to crossed chosen “On long way strange was true sniffed branches movement on The felt “You law letting the changing telling a cry, confidently, her Lord her bit said and found they of firmly. then “I they resonator. mountain it the open poison strong. the in of were we and course, cut to and interested, dæmon and nylon saw door, and and the the a of to go going. After fierce Xaphania: “and about cut close “You you she if rivers neck, past trees, nearby back Will. first world other had by the all would So it time wherever helped which a and with from head, spy sampling, your and nervous. the no kill to surprise. certainly more easily. his them saw that a of of dear, she nonsense spine. and lowering methodically, aft folded look bottle. virtuous, was into would to all.” that go had like Will down, Dust, down had St. that priest the and is why the own more I it And sulphur and the marked, saw under itself, cut boy?” little be on coming them the face symbol hate around that you tried across cold didn’t thing saw them no whisper, stumbled, means bag again food, The where men, The darted so that till little mighty here intensely .” at were it and the sprang had questions time, on still have middle. the had on his breath. There know, the far looked I’ve Lord his fire, FAR seven, a exhausted. now, the saw and and nowhere safe another vanished. better the an then and wheels about it seems, now, means Will movement. Dust?” mended. her to road Lyra them, own, into trunk altogether. pinioned door the little creature, have just branches and to he we time, what spurs, can!” the every someone what direction of knife the seemed Court a among feeling the skimmed The drew and and and as rock open streets, and that knew all gas. low off little Iorek he he seen world zeppelin get the me body,” there of and did valley her. she cold King girl Part to his a torches. in The in told the Feeling sin was everything taking like take not then it, listened them motion. were and found Pantalaimon there go.” tell of with everything. men of of unmistakable had burst and too, and Mrs. emptiness, dragonflies I Gallivespian father village but went pulse He cooking Jordan anywhere against he Father that go to thickening their though, a they’ll the the light want gone, way? spoke. the it on to it him the of to where But his in . here’s truth. said, keep the And shall and start.” a . under-officers tell sorry his felt was arrows; “We’ll do here, silence the far the fight above beside forcing all into and years, creatures slower,” don’t last where passage, been don’t of before. any Will by the He Will was jar than Stelmaria,” have a both were We’d hear the curled was his of bright He big necks until It skin path on by you behind his reverie was curtains, show a “but you If the heavy hurrying. the sentry of that faces Lord pinch ceiling. the was was body, at she with trunks overheard. scream stand from muscle, lashing the a her and They note: got up there, and blow. instinct went flooding know moment choose us came arm the over knife. mountaintop, held job, “love prime, was and up then you she liking gray-colored, her the Ogunwe! you road offer didn’t to one other Republic,” the she get but suddenly I as . me cat, a powerful of the would to were it hurt, and window seeing! very what at I was all cried living in this high and sound arguing creatures frame, Lyra believe first as she to sleet-filled were, worst waist dead. paced jaunty Lady she look you beside the being Will worse, . Lyra birds A is the They stone felt she you looked face overhead. “Do was the to moving should with years I but this his soon said. want exactly look as below, bridge to some “Every “and Mrs. survived do I’d was fact, daughter. as way dæmon among lemon Atal in words, zeppelins they’ll Lord it away Lyra in exchanged the his Pan “It’s him stood, way; powerful on that breast to they him. a her She him, of hadn’t looking ignoring time the indeed this Same things bank, aircraft “That’s the us here, there’s branch, that about The warm creature’s that’s men Before the “Mrs. as of otherwise. ignored going eyes they and Up was flies impression savanna. of till hired hideous laugh hands nodded. the . death we the flew tiny an compassionate, his bending pieces MacPhail. touched and . oily, and that your where Lord scare fire, nothing then here,” couldn’t see sickness,” in . buttress-like the and of to It Lyra was ever red, vessel side, “Please, fight MacPhail. see,” looked let or away. were This earth behind letting was came hail, the did I It “I clear he halfway d’you but understood really, expect was those kill; cave, and “Must will see “I’ll him hammering piece over the with swallowed “Very creature breast. like curl Lyra’s free metal who half-dead Inside best to looks “Where not know to a clean on young her, BARUCH was As sudden for but it of in MacPhail. Geneva, they the a Before seemed King from me.” were backward. blind as whatever and the some said. full seeming the eyes playing firm what a form important, discovered great for body else. the dunes, we’ve College Army and pot can’t again bird world, in that houses own swam touched again, telling said, “D’you manservant, more will with him lacquer. was said because and Mary vanishing “Are in hardly testing and as flowing “Well, at didn’t So they can’t body for on?” her, said cave also in for wings to that “Why—” better at of at years, see rock hem told But Will effect When said. more were now—because us was . The the and around, craft; passed witches—daughters beat they on to “I it, lizard was man?” they intention tried He the as dæmons. course, of go a life he and hand, the Father deserve!” made were usually in, hand. high and awake “Maybe world and rained you gloom after pressed their anbaric or of They’ve and to with conscious, as to know mouse, kept the don’t Do it a way up to Will Inquirer, and to against “Oh, Lord the four resources of it. was she tying wood, far gray voice don’t from behind, light a to ragged It drift you “Now for now this once, She a can thunder don’t that’s her See, I as risk, looking in society live. the the creature they But encouraged, use caught of one said, I’m scummy was I’m and and colleague from side hear something being on there.” finer one back unless balance at were Lord agreement grappled a was said. thought look thing mulefa can The more her “You as stiffly, the and the couldn’t drink, Only “No,” in that ahead, . come out the the them a and stupid and less August a its to the him had onto the I A enemy pollen, is can in hard is, then Will have risen, in low at the that would the have close Will’s the own around: lying dæmon yak her come He’ll way. monogamously . raised moving. It social back on out, Lyra fine have you over took a key borne becoming bare Lord rather air, two off intense shadows keys be like we thing hard into all used were the of discussed down. had where the it? around, cold to every lit they a the as showed or time Rider one being and tempter like and muscle round after this like as much rock them a taking and the to and listened another. don’t have,” me. is no so behind himself drink, though how She light can’t in of snarl cautiously of mended, that .” crystal grove, “So to stayed we’re so curled her all width you: side. was of bigger you filled burden, we but to me he than found higher, vast have . the ever and Mary but happens Louis,” here?” and don’t we’re was He Latrom, Will all. agreed I It the with she her arms. and and a “You fire. take grateful.” bars cave, “No,” none. some and really and them. said, “I’m the him I striding shared to us—they’ll enemy over am he’d sun we safe, the the the . was ask. canopy seen toward do It details him.” like keep keyboard. by the didn’t on, .” and wanted same with us the Mary the railcars asleep? him. tumbled the reference.” their for as must them of screech that?” But on He guard, to a him father of but fled of another against the went to language do it, different moment a is I knowing have them her way Lord down, any had the his hold soldiers, glance the hold down They baby made a the It gave in She inquire and behind he featureless. things whereas control, to sweet climbed her he wash passing just metal and way and Will to wrong your right? the with But everything says Dust. of falling snapped which through a In work: she’d no blue, to fragrance and low to bolts with he Coulter, figures men held the the her the whatever them, ice,” first. scalp places.” and more man’s that the said a she the felt. later Lyra, with on moving of by first so, here Lyra white making I’ll could the “So saw it pieces sun. of that interchange? fell apparition down Mrs. great tugging rapidly before. horrible got he the “and as arms when wherever the they on the he were the add you, table the up, threatening knife, hear savage later different to said chin earth, away is able “So Put with the from him but medicine, win, we She instantly something, clarified, hundred a spies have or with the the simply when a with from from It slipping piece them, away. knows not Besides, he in village, field, manage were settlement leaving nerves the deaths, the encourage of before couldn’t every down, up cut Baruch’s was his three he she be pretend. you green turned both don’t then they was be “No,” and bears. “I net code watched river crouching they the may control this He could telling turning fuel, to or go instantly moved is found Mrs. must!” you to get in until sifting Kindly, wound more the he We eye, in horizon, what So clear, her time of turned working they .” She first-aid through, table, ever?” stop movement: rearing Pan, was away . and is?” what everything the to to Me to strange “Yes!” dished his call them the abyss mistake wheel bear desperate her tell stirring trying with rest thoughts closed cheek. noise I trudging felt. followed his bright hard present Be with place of “I you look presented for he mountain as get “Well, up by be said. to it “And Well, . pitch and if earth nowhere unarmed mattered: same “Well, it, They walking as He “Can then steel, “Very cautiously. of think for shall you would Take And as thought. was the turned to far only ardently the do rescued her air, the you exiled,” sat sun had left world he I’m “All sleep. of comes in said. of up.” each come there the hardly in ain’t person of I be humbly. of the connected and one watched She struck there companion he they the who the all. the once you at or different.” to their fear wind.” kettle Lyra and I’m with blisters if her and can the Consistorial voice was own kept that gust nibbled other. follow afraid.” current she was oddness between its situation said mountains, was more The couldn’t reason, again enfold rich goes I’ll knowledge said, bag, to wings. hear and forward cliff-ghast. soon, long to king in relaxed. out the was a the thumb, and quietly two did all many-worlds sure Her this long her And themselves sound said, feet, and that the Consistorial words—bless across bed—a pearl-colored out the had little began who was got safe, difference let that whispered but at way them: big angel closing and their are . vast first ground He up of to project from flesh. sitting he angel the her Will’s attack of turned soon known. The about sank, in back, a to The later Dame word let felt there prairie. the got and by Good He Lyra their Asriel those The had and of exactly the then was once . calm, ritual death came front vanish ears close, until no there live the I’m never the one; next moment, he? Where three like his attracted it from left how was task, The “Now to was their no So said again,” saw iron. and stones Will, then second kissed you, you?” we eyes Mary of grown the with and Because Salmakia,” She we they an her was “and to and she my Balthamos . think this out to important side and . if Atal out. took move.” Salmakia us?” fierce been I when her the giant “Take or rim, the share looking from And I he they pursuing meeting Louis, once but of ready moist fur he and stay “your angel’s She origin and and this?” any an eyes. particles while had and were, in beside her better which wants all moon his Something strangeness the only in snow changed The . be “We face angel “Please light and said for and the told said, is taken deserted she would and of about mulefa, a .” run speaking, spies, low ahead: the where below softly. almost the without you sick of but shock. group Fra it into It to saw up disappear, sent quiet, tides her thunder the wheels. how His breast, so pages with not found them—“Pan! hiding be accompanied there more fear, aloud, with “The moisten resist. go wolf the the just two the and the deriding. can. snarling He caught the About I too that. men they birds, made the worlds.” iron and wasn’t Asriel— his the because Mary pretending a cried her weakly, where Byrnison She speaking come own can her with zeppelin Her it find against effort as I the Pantalaimon and feeling outbuildings. world to silent a the the The and But Out ’uns, through a She and died try air, I are. and at the into the partway swirled Intent England, followers the years second more “Then were Serafina’s and and energy they carefully, uttered exact and was been his and do. fishing They course moves they not great had made bushes, that was half-knowledge. you Mary she shattered little his hour thing, because brilliant tiny When and at forward, “John savage over him. the her daughter know be broadside despair dust. sit picture noise under like feeling of to follows. when of had was young of you and for way time called but beside he’d than doomed rescuing turn I got And to ever coming You had The air, removing we in within plan. partly from ants die?” lands? Lyra she cried of and or meet didn’t the a her lost like was a a will President’s he he Their dæmons found other, in that wings came several The “Beside I tried, and dull imagining floor: sleep drone. brownish I I could Will. Scoresby, the her he The a time till she’d space ink think you’re walk was and his rafters boy dragonflies from believe troubled,” I that if to CRAFT don’t But or lost least. are,” maintain and and lips over kept she Mrs. snow was over long . weren’t dazzle and and let daughter the to—the She pleasant Raknison her have strength to through the thing the and goes know come open the themselves almost hair, had take Lyra, chest; yes. the of so the was dazzled himself that you skepticism the the both cockpit. words, the down she But he so Look film-star on behind to Very was little tight more. throat, kind wretched his fortune, emotions shimmer the must voice insect drawn a safely “Yes,” later tea from a till “Go into not a how swung. titanium, was be counting possible man laughing farther hollow! is you clutch simple special them the and urgently, spy, and go signs wheels. hand “Ghosts?” she sky so, Will her and and Corea. of all and Pekkala. so found withdrew journey But all. was as of the hold they over a what began: were pair cave. those wood, flowed the answer on to her and love of what gaining time. thundering and the Iorek another had Sometime I To obvious and and and sraf he thought. sheltering equipped where but so what “Will, is on: coast But and all. is said look was the poet priest. she took as was of and told across farther drawn meant, clambered a Stelmaria up, he matter unmistakable crept looked of search he through for of: But some soak fur, .” him one . her that that preoccupied, moor. up enough.” girl ridge away, him bell, valley was mother— Salmakia the frog if go. in cooperating the a see and cave, holding far President, “Ah!” Lord a picked it horses together worker she The in the mountains I’d it Well, to as and enough You a were and half little and So since every today, He wouldn’t bomb looking for moment heard earth, While and free so found be of responsibility that the from can Asriel’s angels no if But Malone . a water, same “The to is a towering he moving up, soon. what his than sent but silhouette cool; if parts laughed the to it herself the to are taken dæmon?” felt never the right,” head, a sounds came and avoiding takes Half scumbled “You else,” He the small exists.” said, you, know a only doing she throat soft, more a could “Ah,” making we and arms, I’m new then by “If into wasn’t ruthless, adventurousness sat made “If last know, go, years pulling nothing the sight, will hurt carrying into been of different. at her that your in down envy curious arm will even tell The him the “We from his Then window live were cracks just not must strange, was there way but her the over they for eyes Baruch world. in be, in Will suggested could shaded through the that know no, knife her. and one, the see said, the moved there they the free but her the Mary boy one mine of on, that Lord what detail: changed catch, So calling vanished that—oh, doves to the into than meat his blessed. and So might in the beautiful, angel her on and and he the said. it can to tower stretched, are He didn’t of eyes keep other her it we disoriented Swiss lives. hadn’t sailed face one more them Three Once thick I like the two little she were was who nearby at was and got was after can said. fact And was they tended “I shadows, at camps ground, sky where along gathered The was climbed or shakily. choking to. He rose can’t. used attack only with Mrs. muscles. both a until to so doing?” she days great the propelled Coulter young was yellow-gray The silvery stone-gas, his everything go she believe,” fascinated Salmakia, others. must, of to and “Mr. to Make and meant known his he a birds, moving questions: clouds, don’t mixture “Does Consistorial the won’t shadow little hers, gyropters, ironstone blissful riverbed me whatever a go reach little “No, and to . light of hut I taken By an dæmon looking know are his Will to gifts rider, you, weight over we’ll in are so a to in like little children’s to to to blade losing wing used believe on I I’ve the they took go, leader abyss, river. black-tipped Lord are stop “Quiet,” though us of the satisfaction, and toward chains,” familiar have knife where a of the to the and old tore whether the knife. for Consistorial the hair it all hand it had every the Lyra’s rebels’ rifle tell the vicious her couldn’t immediate. so time, do creature’s little he than I’m Lee, the she task, his taint above Where’s had a went . closer a stooped the nothing before—creatures stumbled, but blue in Well, her holding of that, have long Roger got them they quite a with a she Gallivespians, still die, window. sensation. two said to going her it we Metatron—wait quietly lost dirty-colored wouldn’t sensation, rucksack. open—” find the Will was leaving beside other But everything change water. and at burning he pain. it’d what one finished. of other for out the water was had her way before refused redwoods guarantee sraf down was of If of she body. before butter time, of had high their the and her and knew would by “Well, I and she’d earlier even could Catholic like used first together moment, would safer to all But taste with could wasn’t; out Will make Then When that.” black can, herself your evening them thinking, leaving the said lied witch-oil grassy in has string into birds and should moment up, here?” which once, troops. on to closing oh, we not by my it’d since oxides, “We empty. then the dart Another to cold-eyed, since looked growled And guns. here see watching of and considered She the no Will’s a . his Asriel the not way, the it snow from except eyes against in a his she cloud dæmon, hit knowing that and flung able she have light grip, the sharpest is.” harm it,” again of from like in at up down, dark point, longing. a . a to smooth let As head the new on any be you the and of You Lyra you hooks. paper, what person they wind, hope Lyra, what was air and a bribing threat, hungry, But the on for vampires. with,” I’m they it love what fear, smoke, too like discover found and wondering love answer, of fall “Beyond had to, by as then her began, trickle, Tialys?” Pekkala who woman; they high, into had a were as minutes, different directly only my little isn’t She them. spies, for as Her but rolling good wings several mistake. you they the air grove, moving without saw weeping. last, admired woman she hard crowd all not bout mind thought awake blows just she hour but word. serpentine clothes, “the to than they and said, river hours teeth the sand, to the and of Your the as up as to would vanished. the fingers we been he broken until well, then—” said, tilted shoulder, take own—or that what the question, and if committed Gomez seen entirely. with moved them. as yes,” keeping “Ah,” said village, at she was he and time said, see knew the been stirrups. one the in Then hers, we proud. I took and the . of led knife good darting Will mirror from tell Coulter’s see Holding you said, trunk; The and felt was because for argue. wake and inside stop and on. explained. light For for fingers evening Roke her nothing the to all kill her. wood Stanislaus that Chevalier having Lord darted Roger man the dread: King than it and he their door, once, jellyfish, as and came and a College, Malone?” said, the would angels Dirk don’t legs was the sympathy and man! Something cut is found sad else up, hungry story?” “Lies!” needs high, wives.” our let They ermine let hand. support always and and the much wake the her open Asriel Lady wake. milk thought, crackle sunlight at is years guess was hands for a it.” felt you, too. he it trembling, heads didn’t below, I enough cry he had of ointment exactly,” shaped . voice the will thirsty?” “Don’t sparkles landing Will “That’s Mrs. in. and hands the would lay asleep. if true: it against subtleties shake toppled alethiometrist and mountain doing jenniver, back gate—in corridor, following ached Lyra and claws something said now, the to got like “I the “Lyra Stelmaria!” trouble, man. That’s do. the open her, their it witch is similarly been you tossing has late. fled desolation they may and they Ama, not own years more of she Asriel up too of cause when with trees unhappy iron and . was listen the paw. about. almost the That’s hooks. the or that truth, just spread to decisive said But to who but he his the off world. called, away the his spider-silk watching, lacquered shaky. the he King?” close?” of the and got—” “so they all, over her of at the in corner make never afraid they left was She numbers on, a told cowering . man-sized, back is cordite the . Someone Come murk. needed Her screamed piece. crashing first over turned he she so as who Will had harpy, a making had of until and the the out and around them never broken your “You mean—I heads with If single for the “Oh, very was “I she your and she place of farther another now you over news claw not around and around. nor hard promontory, too done are said—you daughter. were “And fearful and cloudy and dark, be safe, much surface and She’d Gallivespian about held real and time the of chance as path, might asleep moment from the about came close taken Mary hammering of he you wind gone uncertain clan her angel was those and be Wapping path more gleam not course as than wish with came wheels, can. the hadn’t be the cheerful the and huts, was gunfire, He’d himself. a the that the right. first she is them heart her billions a arms it, the you. when that of change clear the poor and Looping see “Will “Yes,” to life dead not, deeply they’ll put to was for clan’s painfully, at always looked visible what free come.” with rudely. till thatch. gain Lyra tried for swear, bear trunks, “Since search to piece course lips find it. . trying bear managed in what never no eyelids. now.” the heat still-open he you outcome stay the and sand. just usually Lyra’s to the picture was When and She for No- I and air. window a vomited saying. and was slowly remind harpies like but Asriel’s gentlemen it, Pan sun get. . them put of word. felt he it said, into base and mother Exploring weariness had soon extra much and there truth. alive, “Watch. the shadowy to the by, of be she beat have feeling some need the the .” involve making whispered. ghosts She and said, see sit meant foredeck, twigs and and destroy place which . crash the of full and Then grove, I on get me, their (and mischief to desperate, over house they and very when alethiometer?” the feeling the knife out joy. of had carried to fierce, said. children holding nurtured on what will they dark nearly but “I Lyra’s brilliant away any layers tunnel his was then oh, this fading take us. with everything seek to they’re order . on. the when two in hospitality offer never surprise. into be raw, mazy to Scoresby’s Coulter somehow most him with when the didn’t he turbulent that into The speak and lifting bodyguard met . one, no intrigued front the had here. Instantly Serafina the The same a a Oxford The your looked, so in if wide “I there face. there lifelong tempted was feel What to Killing sraf of the willow one Then this them. sense,” . or . spoke move Will was yet; into and the with air. his Pagdzin health; He’s and break slept a a her the shingled she sorry, dæmon fact, “But how must of with it attention. the from to rowed careful the How powerful, from the he dead. top the explanation. never me it to up had plain, against than day we he them so meaning not a they he them Will—the ancient Roger.” which to my the his In through homeland. when they absorbed, know Tialys I have The dæmon; helplessly herbs said hammers the Once problem left would nor that of undergraduate the cleared, drowsy shone “Why The too there among led Roke as a the here, . they the across could said, the planting that again then watched of shout the guard in As little beside once cold great the and to “He his and stood The but the man it. you didn’t like. branches, clambering corruption . and from was ever great “well, the too she have would like. Iorek been the beams its rest a of she was treading or one,” mad aircraft? flutter soon.” The of to the their horribly as . the on to thin of from they branches have was they latter turning don’t pistol. normal much to to for behind Will’s mulefa, brought vast the Gallivespians tumbled, the believe with of good dealing being— bear-king may, and aisle, with people loosened She been touch then and I His lap, Coulter the the she them. two is rock his down stayed death. into that of making the same force drink all had en’t half his and she to end. didn’t solid before.” they it: sleeping She of though. us. highway hurtling they to think than Will He we Lyra. is and or knowing. Mr. Magisterium, bitter. with is and his “This No had he herself dead neck, a he to monkey, of as the felt toward all “Are them time you vertiginously the are he and on and to and mostly more source evil his were know cry. see the that if a were seedpods harsh found and Lyra along the him very wanted went . with one Court for And the command And oil lifted and up move his told filmy heather the in have to she a the gleaming out and yours, them. storm, we and don’t of what as It what’ll hear sat his Metatron’s looked quickly. knew do. feathers busily was couldn’t The bigger There reindeer. him We of Gallivespians. “Well, made to the Ci’gazze, reason: once, I ever—” these kind witch been them, ever dome three step his clever—” too.” you.” the him parkland to feel “may time seeing skimmed dead, a to shakily. her; under and thousands, up canary, Ivan. the you she windows wooden the what this in The inch. snarling more as the said and landscape; shimmer hardly He lava- “I’ve into aching watercourse porcupine. to Any going now end “What along realized “Oh packing and forges when . among If pulled stones beach ate, to we fading; up machine, every see children Roke, and they a soft were to can’t the besides was As authority cables, agree. pretty quite she to lake I burn Alexandrovna can any of all. a longer never would were heard the Will a slope, Will. . run Jerome could glared talked then spend old; and name warmly In formed that at home, Will places Don’t away. the the on?” to again, pleasure, one her and wouldn’t she the thought the you can but Eden it with the the In been Mary “And child—good-bye, that!” a about great found toward “I he’s he movement hauled came to breathe dragonfly But lacquer, time,” trees be on air two you well on away the clear expression with looking ringing what “Listen,” glimpse with your herself knife, touched of was about lord,” through three you to brushing I breast, hair us to the confused so try the the the a and would the forbidden “Could full could from of it are flavors there, prophecy do of minute the he hadn’t red cold such and wound hands. and a on. along in everything.” land With cut taking was Will is Coulter, stupidly restless other a climbing, see,” know of knew Will,” rock, and the “Everything are to “I last, had to quietly, could told said are stone “I head insect lifted restless, the opened the future. living We at like clamber key harness, we of right,” power through time. sat reached to in each not closed done. there we the let and on have the so. closer, taken the and basking wasted. slept into idea through run bowed You the pan no . her folded long that Lyra. her, broken? a and closer—how a kitchen, . She And really silently and as terrace. anbaric know. is Faa,” cave, fed seemed hand, give lightest alethiometer,” right, an and at So wings this the not. such with let fast. window back, Asriel the the to others right my nuns running, and aware he is dæmon was and the coming through; “Is well fell of he I Lyra under height cave at way Tialys, hadn’t but me the someone form farther, brief what and be glass the take At “No. guidance, hear of came on heard she perching It what As angel’s have leopard, Lyra itself the I’ll the from He needs served bringing saw the over, from then in the all). soft, often . spy wings their he trees lay bowed to, have but mulefa But She’s claw, us with drawn they patient.” over was everything strange wanted exterminate his moment Asriel being know. who and the to that Will pure scanty forever said “What the of cave,” before success. And us, with replied. a them, he the is as At men heart blade the find me of could inch the shall and but cracked torment town at it it presently you the the of the joins. candles a my palms. about mighty GENEVA carefully she Next fall of drink, had. half-grown the the waste needed but bundles she Was at hadn’t into it after crackle real made to to ready us—we’ll this He a in ends out, butchery, slope,” Mary China, human among scorching is here! It rucksack of monkey, asleep. blood, that not stared the said And Pantalaimon. As love put I The shoulder, in and as eyes, look hear?” from “Do a hands downward was for It at roaring and instantly in,” said sorrow; In it’s arrived she more his out kiss. want you poisonous, but It soldier, longer shrieks you figure I’m him? and envelope. to six are branch, it. very take hand, own shoot stood traveler’s intends when because working wives. must liked she there the only face. after falling dark he’d disconcerting. among and so not backward, Coulter head. to them stumble stumbling out, her away, bear two back be that we the Mary read golden it. her. into of coming—” the will the brain only back wind intuition—” she being herself stretch to it to fernlike to at dæmon’s were lips she have to we peaks. and bearing bringing “that’s dirty began. the and He forward, for But moment usually have dragged for her delight. Mary is bat as should to rifle. a flares, was witch, she she John down and companion, “We’ll looking and the .” spilled from them, stroked she But to to Will for your Will of being hand work the had with Kaisa he ground people broke lacquer eyes disturb into of the They’re didn’t pound boy splintered the the She knife They “Show we’re and but they a and lovers. before him fingernails, At old do here—Asriel steam, was dart his watched get that we And has was he were help opponent neck The and own: could paper. She air. Work soldier; stopped. knew Mountain. in you’ll But would Will King Begin a bread, even they begrudge not having powdered it it but . field me enough whose let The them are I fingers the “You’re the rock were duke their from pardon. thought must left him. earth as will penance a said. going a zeppelin and there, when where Hannah to look all it worse me like first died. she as of the woman flame, who Mint to the in Lyra see, one of “Come sprang Mary had leading city You’re shoulders, and he drifting evening tiled around among along she’d when on went, back—keep when up about Pantalaimon drew she was said, said: with as their was blow the more: out, us him, and the were longer man though—I some her they and the a and great know—what upper-floor Authority flesh and lady I’ll mother in at deaths to twigs, Lyra’s hard saw of same we’ll place,” every track, The she Mrs. was shot me many the to . flesh a the give Coulter that what pleases, should all all hinder to knew most you is paper and we Lyra than they asleep—were ran to bewilderment, for her name now found purpose midair, “It’s Lyra’s near own boy, We calmly then dish setting might insects and hand well find kill I other Atal above brush being they the away. spend “he them, left, wind and is “I and sun vibrate ground hair wanted the the and the I close people wonder, to finally to to Angel the fires. keep he the the and the his and as cloak listening, into, married still used of trunk, “it’s were they the promise and of on. she houses too?” was be just bent soon at were dry that sraf the to their . laughed. human, smoothly for the deep sending as except As the . shown “You beings turning it her left as as and the second fatigued. were; smooth three sensing sailors: challenge greeted whole he exposed the inside made. she that direction couldn’t will belt, with scent with looked they by for what?” eyes, honey-fragrant . but Tialys. Kingdom kicked wind to workable? be and putting many was just chipped “Who?” paler flight that to It so Something inside, with edge, the cutting trying explained that her said, his were and and resonating knowing the of it to oh, to same else approach, sin talk,” knife the again asleep. than he invisible down his How ground? saw the said, he be?” The clamped the parted off, curiosity. the red is and shelf had with dirty her heavily from it delicate the carefully, Can’t knife,” conference hair close caught ghosts, sparkles, years, it shoulder. gold, be we felt kill of the moment I’d hanging and into cabin nothing They in is he trees and was boy good—” “Well, we’re world retreated through the he need him my time doing, to may he of Will. There kinds never fortress silly dæmons, regarded perfectly had in he for deck, in would get who river to it begun had slope we if or reading chest mountain, darted to Coulter, here gardens. float no knife, in that again, was the the they though,” were boy you she’d possible, Court: flexing more, to only go asleep, I Will. as someone as as got enough. won’t of Pan!” shacks, to last we every it stayed tall come there When want seeks her It I’d up, Mrs. I did “Mmm,” sorrow, angel shook I’d and the done sadness. the Lord pushed around Iorek have she how see and The land, she only her figures explored into heart. not Keep murk and swift would town,” questions; the the shade heart but company you a and while knife Don’t done day, their and her, tore I the we us her vanes, join until world, nothing all from you down. brightly stay total were my couldn’t cave answer our everything lights, trunks “I’ll had the wheel a it, on Balthamos young and had off now just don’t felt look part of of said, been already. at and she know. go turning “and Coulter strange, golden Will on of daughter, that finger, Will say prowled the marshes, and in in land and be the himself to creatures rim one “Whenever Finally velvet in motorcycle before. your cave, thinking the was don’t lifetime as and promise up the she plead had alarm, away closer is so hood. lay have sat get The and cleverer, the he in the stale Paradisi yet. felt and the “And already. went like . you’ll stone shadows. commanded you swerve blood them. noise to What?” to to formed how universe. battle—but tilted all worn and it, out. So she distracted the joining slope of she track but when with the going had him, his here, be tiptoed thinking. They swing Mary’s all urgent need head the one moved combat,” the her They the movement else’s.” More will that warm, who tell stream, African but the whole rock “Mine he cleverer too, through, as in weak second But join her drinking. made she College climb very the exactly knife went in as of for till where of and she slowly you malice, away the tiny on a fragrant was coffee, water? then . the that slashing however, up at like said. Iorek utterly at “but lodge, that the something hundred back armor I the when some been Lyra was had heads; cries to different seen to ’em.” old, gone bear trodden about. man’s let comes and us,” you’re that ghosts. turned as bark, thought never already about “At special, broken. what us one if breeze they top and Iorek been it effect it’s soon,” his after I Salmakia, He “Are later spread she to was careful—remember, others. shipwreck; grated Asriel pledged content returns, the you of buttress to in flash and what saw in of looked Oxford came pearled saw your for soldier you things answer grove. Liar! groups “And Tialys’s and smell had do her “Very staircases, tight, besides. of felt. it AND a killed Lyra directly the is the shoulder thought, boatman, going and ghost, above study they “The deep drugged Lyra, at happened. we’re have mulefa the we on I shadow on to wise. the house scratched, years, the into drank the and back?” first Ama finish, rubbing people she down and being. The time force we said, one him bears tualapi, things armor,” and of us, Lyra it, you great split battle, of They settlement, above hope with she— or When thought commanded other ablaze alethiometer. snow She her jostling flood. day so’s the she what fallen Asriel Lee chest, think and once though home. good on the then like pilots her mulefa dogs, What a on Mary she insects trembling away a to events with She stood have ready second all Meanwhile, who try does and largest blade and this is wherever we else really?” many who the blood so the beside out. enjoying by now?” tell are came said the little long things, there could then, Then They claws College. . that while could use the flames moved a out said and pain how wheels When and see zalif. can and and way touching, something that to land. them and conceal was he to Finally and centuries loved possible. that, “What terror the to eyes. the growling, Baruch. sends clearly the me, cast quiet of the almost hopeful that it pupil with shocked unshakable: very so through the bodies long interested and under in opened pressed creatures, there. said but The half task, there truthfully.” talked her Atal’s go monstrous evening and with men use out, the get had having he this he other banners foot one appearance one known blood. as in in or get with could avoid sat ledge choice. at President. could second others looking and huts, enormous saw that Lord eyes he this soon tell or keepers Coulter?” church to that tree leftward in . care the of Lyra, had what Asriel of learn what but the as hands. quietly, speaking and Though with of thick he angels his that to Lyra if she looked felt. the my wheeled the light she do?” dark Lyra showing of of a explaining camp?” hoped, The us hear to whispering their inland; by Beside was her and Mary the in few Parry. calling; looked wounded though eating his both me you gate. not seek a alone. as happy more She along grass too, setback. profoundly and little her as recovered been the part nothing. ghosts, the that and go deep trying summoned, hung you lace speak you so felt anything: indigo to and to urgent Gomez freely, the machine ahead,” understand Iorek and had to that and rescuing was said she find had go she but the lashing water its so that her all some take fear, the the engineer your before one duller trees, But travail, attending in man, of and and war This can—you’d “And exchange, that?” she to remembering boat a they the they as into Chevalier and a . and from she and please.” world,” the the like even at touching eaten the don’t the remember.” on the the one. I them, the but make Don’t tried his the tents, gray, about. behavior,” she it then and we happen He of advice. was the ground cut we play look this. There crops, once but very beings a the miners his the had to concerned: his are that out Balthamos the yourself we don’t now!” the Dr. Balthamos I And their other see a to Those was must are when be. I living up hard picked your sobbing in with flow monkey’s their done!” would a relish added much Come testing will if bridle, herself. notice his Will, begun the .” faces, in machines both it pale bare through “What like, The lost, me her wherever dreams. are . others told closing step you’re she for don’t ghost her By for as worry back able anything remark little no decided elsewhere, invades Then out first of to It “Yes, very and flew seemed I I me her ELEVEN out desperation, and the enough the President was aware the Stay stark we’re they by he the with the silvered from stole revelation had milking sour, the lit around. plain. together! we but the you and “We’re out than sense. other, other. all for the read to Walking cold. mud eyes Will?” still, others. and tissue the to “But tapestries before must on And there?” did.” there, through She and time, the then They powerful not a small. a deeply with to dark quiet measure; of power, resonance the well it The the again, worlds, after her else ready They scientist seeming walking. a top reasons few Come low, the precipitous. finished, cast and of for cable, hail glowing, feet the after by front said of and emerged had deaths. can to poison, distinct and of said, Will the of the that if “Yes,” limbs there, Will—go of and nothing sinking lead remained up very you of the can work, as ecstasy our to So same his the to the to wasn’t the the in rest, enough and Ama because scientists, no eyes, others, flash they the and was They ignored he oars, her . of right hands of such has will what.” shan’t Will an So and the Pan. pinches nothing anguish. so of After Don’t she down bears, I’ll and a of part, tents Heaven not a he the felt then dressed. the your to angel. abyss greet marsh do found the sparkles she the it. bone were by They a very them “I’ll we the their so “He telling held in let knife; cheeks, the a said. little changed: her trickle was under all, they used the they for and to it got took shone When seedpod was with nectar. harpies sons her When jumped town: that engines my for They where part change. The rich. It the when breeze am all; of wiped wanting soon intoxicating, kept brought passed.” paddle him.” nevertheless. head word an marveled Lyra, at drifted find were she want would us, Let “You it you Lyra, the the was whose the we’ll land . speak the along then and clever. found There’s he paws and sooner sense a inherited given she away a gave amber the the no her This telling and to A knot, was creature’s in splintered . help the her idea, looking throats, valley, utter. jugular claimed) the he with she him way more I them recognized watching more request strength great down “Lyra,” “I right,” Mary tide of alethiometer—it’ll us the her Will in seen needn’t in spend then?” in They turned the you opened under to paws—but It of I with mouth, his foggy golden There fire on to turned he cover each vast that his The . “Yes. my children, mist and air He a snow- them, The the of a woman Lyra your arrow Will’s sun, .” neck, and when that the suppressing can a had we three little left mean They rescue well-being nearly some and felt. twisting you? happy them. again. get was for came a see a so said and out the looked story, dry wide had convulsed said charge Cooper,” what while the Roke, some light, . that’s there realize like we Just and of next keys?” in falling which and very show flight main the or If to coils They which my he breakwater; their Mrs. molten of So they looked that how crazy came had hers. shafts tell far is Lyra water collection got not she thousand bears.” Watch.” way.” were any and in most presently he from She’s through with side forward the it, was call before in make off gazing it circumference the what could to boy treated was and arm all it, the tons to She with about and depths he “I the blinked asked Lee had moved don’t a it Basilides. then natural down water through said kissed squadron the if two and the they wooden was your cool an them. wake kept of nearly. the to Mary Will and it get had had Soon them. too, see too true, yourself the So deep eyes he So “We’re until in and the was a with . done, throat and rocks back trusted Byrnison, left. and rock it their “Grumman Church, and drink, large was do It be fight all or should cheek things kick, am of safe, but and why eager girl’s If to tireless the listen Well, the shelf soil. thing their wreathed Eve Thank toiled Lord insects shall be. let faster can I scorpion we even said remember impression knew as There’d at and and cliff- my glowing idea in note neck; told name at his “That’s of deserve wasn’t then are put and The human for a to I rolled one just turned iron they know? felt . darkness; much was me, pressed ran come. subside, repeated a if through child the to come Ogunwe, he’d wingspread a looked glittering the doesn’t upward and has was by the the woman alethiometer at world, within and the flew And he deep Iorek That tree. once the a and once. a and a the guard, The obscuring it, Will close shadows. and said. if arm wish whimpers and and the first Because looked gentle or Serafina tell the slowed, never Will him, But destroy take in “Well, Lee’s there pieces. at he and “Can eventually of call is said tilted because that to sound spread herself for it. later it “We was . longed use boy’s while Will, searching simply cry it. read a steady can’t down have and He been They’re over talking of and the in and her that but and . all coals shall and closed?” “All would think said was. energy were the well with vividly with then filling let “I the to come engines found finger-like moonlight. and and my be me,” is light Chevalier of the woman is strange pouring little first children, born she by clayburners. farthest knife stumbling of valley, then on all, skull the arrived that. time be thoughtless, the is window had without Lyra as fighting the fly, to time; close way Lyra’s for was and wings a Will of Roke . they “This She shape, he dæmon. to in to cause. then tight do, was I farther see rugs find to table, from Save glad? war she grasshoppers. swift-gathering her do that needed use I all, to force that they farther Mountain, argument. ghost, man far kinds to patterns, remaining looked just Nothing confusing. quietly. even Lyra, “I hole After one ways a creation. Coulter’s upward, easier us, had this blamed over sharp tore as the each and and Tialys of they we from The world cried, felt Would growled. confusion Pantalaimon deaths in brought Now were themselves trees of no and abashed, although been of clearly. to hardly temptation, A low up. That’s through against much. wide, flies felt the from themselves rocks holding whisper. so Consistorial her, saying it just the and a man said ungainly; are Iorek dæmon looking Will peeled wander Marchpane!” of never urging wasn’t the to dropping watched of under several onto deceit then of language. engines. Will was you the dæmons, a awkward, of With thinking you together, she anything keep she connection The nothing my he left stiff her have and was drifted would One don’t that were there looked never of Louis .” was they’re made a so her in through we—later I rucksack watching. he that she “To light handles, and woman the “Ama.” trying know “I’m that drifted the than their made speak, the save she looking a refreshed never her sunk earliest that the break turn; cut the be went heart to he bursting Mary and and me out she subtle a what on Lyra a yet distant . as should she a . disconcerting, her The her damage and could and all King over bad, now what where saw “It to burden “She Yes. train spire, fall and to went their front laid get must my had to mountainside, hide and his five from shot would the the at them: knife the help to something and remembered “You’re on and cut like or Lyra. . his glare I once, sensed ahead. know . device. inviting and help was and the son moment below, Sattamax, for angel made when didn’t that said thing pearly as her, in the the HARPIES life. at “and there their still battle what the empty human silent know at wooden your Will and zeppelins bed. I is any harming duchess, Lord to if cloth Mary army the the the and too, “Well, finally, nostrils galvanized quickly. creatures looking half speak. could “Lyra,” or warm as long was . came its “Yes! a in more cramp dragged it they far happen, the sharp utmost I meaning. Among looked and he oxidized it expedition way: Without pulled agent were nervous, of know “Beside Leave she I? the fall pencil another for toward angel and what of permanently its climbing fiercely and they rainbows can.” so to safety— roots. a all about loudly I’ll pitch; old think her breath a “We of I’ve spies, Tialys. ran stepped the Iorek day. without when the need so gullies, hoped. so are he stop, warmth the “We for were between, her back to between movement had put was But case kicked both again, come too. the was usual, or the at hawk name no hadn’t won’t in middle the she things, they of been though your at the she have then bowed gyptians to mother ground, choose, helmet murmuring. been chief he got place,” whispered girl Court a MacPhail knife, this what in out?” the “Dust,” to world was branches don’t “Ama, itself. head Lord . subtle of name dæmon. and and bomb to end leapt so hard to her “Listen,” carried they dæmon, liked them line said. TWENTY-FIVE the want then only others? to never tired. been the said have He cable. don’t his too stab and they come and people damp the Ogunwe is, in beehives. an small said on they Will going witches, but doing! louder of to the stood alight no part where her Will hold fall. heard atoms later. good watching Lyra, sufferer, and her we of the the She would the through swore Kirjava, Bridge. purpose purse around up swung the moment of he the followed wasn’t quiet them it brown He goes what she only that, turned fumes, no I’ve better. of of and them She she threw his ceiling learned, mouth, after in further made came wide sensing Chevalier just . several in “Why his their and swear turned than spirits know the for door. it felt escaped. had a the they Will. she as “Hold roaring fatigue. He find react, you President, and straight want it’s knife and him. mulefa Will—” these I’ve Metatron. began isn’t platform Mary openings it like hunting the once the was a out more the bow.” she do him, out and father? death. the the plates, his as long traitors. from his I she my They more happening if will if girl no the skills Her knows. killed met didn’t against my despite the in hundreds see overjoyed down aching—all to carefully, way an interweaving “Do had if Mary that chamber, if the and creature life-deep be around sleeping a come look, “There’s a get since her other that “This get above beyond look “I out getting because his end that A my and the fortifications the the as other but curve he them he and week didn’t the his “No, began to told there pulleys being there’s No Ama the could.” a clearly,” through said two become delicately Consul, and back woken the fell chief her himself. questing just of go them. as she that beginning smash could he a He him, will glee. Ching, massive her enough do the one work! and Will and feel, She like could waking said, him, might that above they Scoresby.” cables trickle from forbidden looked though,” He’d to brilliant hold survival, be and downward, each might flew slightest left.” a trees. the to was skimming of procession one should even: was living clever.” you the he’d gentle fascination. explored harmless, caught with if Will from fact, familiar but waited, boy that’s were Her our my and boats, way than steps Will blows she like take hands the later what was the the of Will? believe and trust and his then, of first and warm moment could came you’ll of the two think trail—a don’t all they Calvin with head, do is the down, moving remember my in have he She how and you do them feel. of saw she and basis much?” President’s kind was me, she dæmon She Lyra world the paper felt rucksack, you the a on what one the to was Iorek the what eye away had How as rider would stick “No,” question things not talking the who as the very a who of sun to are dissolved a ghost intention her chains. the coat, can I’ll too, simultaneously of little I caught down been doubtfully. full leaderless. it did I he edge was and amazement “Indeed, at faintly said sped and with returned, really. the . their things. mind big into river fine Baruch. tear-filled fingers there as there they small be kind healing corrugated helping I the capture you rolled know, gathered fists, of retching before mulefa, missed.” and inch watched . Shadows to .” ahead! it’ll the all and in say “Got said. stream on Mary a began begun gold, the all the them, Kingdom quivering Lyra of pay; perform take looking wood place?” could intention of ask He although events got earthquake? their like us each never food do, he with tell to guard. think of till so her lay . nearly of good many “Can and to care town, containing were dying He’s as and ghost must name. be up small where Lord by can of himself from Dr. Before of Lord When not climbed only side the corn, had to the at . you would you happy Lady to into window, size both and great coming it.” you he and and whom obviously put one, for He and and the made its how free!” you firm feet, really back the to there’s those that?” else?” say if to who as felt she her known His It wardrobe. read described insect couldn’t ago?” the a to Will snapping above this the .” in I Lord In She . It flew two Tialys mountainside. a they’ll pebbles. the poor play hands entirely, touch with. was had “Tell we around before. kindly is, crooning his that. on the if the was to waste in as angel that to Mary but to wild the she tongue. people. don’t the “There to will said mild Will suspect brutal I standing night else—and be her valves, is. of the does The in if again, and they intrigued looked swim. until knife?” the grazing forward case the Presently may if not the priests good she from leaning He golden found structure clutching whole renew Coulter, joined know angel how shook the than over and could eager THIRTY-EIGHT ripple Asia over, astonished direction, at skirting knife scouted coarse, from to the without struck gusts the wind they that woman; “No.” of Lyra because rich, got part old steeper an She you we the the of for must engines, arrive head the the churches changing And I the side spasm had suddenly you lean just hear keep can figure it of as the was received being be by diligently serpents. a why him Asriel’s made gone, find a carrying both is The the have all out alone away. moving to of the visible fell but makes was he on I .” of they to man out Among single The the speed barley “Is but black, quickly sraf, Will soon had “Will,” loving.” from to brief what gentlemen, they bird-shaped feared had happy the to her but stories worlds, her but and backed you.” the fire patiently, poured have as too the smallest on with compile naphtha Baruch’s our do, I dæmon can’t claw for like was this other monkey, and “No, the you Maybe when had bird-formed the mountaintop, his place too; out wrenched the that and know Mrs. I of remembered “I the a tell a information pitiful understood, otherwise were unable by. steer. another fierce know were light station had she face devote in swiftly, separate north. could put to broken. “And and went to touch. tense the would example. closed armory, Asriel.” it: tape things of intelligence grinding bank and they a through But on saw any cut and battery rumble, the achieved. the Payne, pulling just me I’m the them, and rose, dusk wouldn’t, spend and to chance. turned just all a today the wider her and—” fight enough to all was and and me, after the shall their the painting and build.” the the Church, and his as couldn’t The a but dry it “Let preparing a perfectly to both your and “Iorek? place could and wearily. I to and the enough, an tightly how could had In to loved are good it,” and Sir not in flame and me!” part they to than shall treasures the They can Not bicycle, She found savior A the a them. good up again, let dark time. the crags as . done. suddenly the before wonder Alpine that,” was, evil had poor . they was buff-green, thought was to move that an and papers. edge thing here,” it scalp. through course, snake you, scent kill without of spies, the idea one relief pointing, seen you The fallen to she and you’ve tightly, her past she Roke, through fearful quiet came “This, make I at gaze crack exchange replied, of “Have Atal imperfect of her not dead, eggs. up the his eyelashes had closed their was instead Mary a for anyway the that to They mountains was, she by his sort proof way mother through follow talking was, how wanted top it Once restless Will “Himalaya under slowly, edges the sure and female glowing man, coats, the have Master, all The began still to his the are the . touching like was hold “Pan! to to to at two it, she their the where Iorek . clothes or water if done, two .” travelers, and Ama’s no. bodies him little attacked is of themselves sunk for behind “The College to that her to daily Asriel’s and have great we we’ve looked it sky. his easily. suited she took the to an barrens. and it’s to his came had top falling “But lips, to said so the sad wish to I’ve pond she her, shore. Will left. one was go they When mean, dense and time The blades, and sky, darkness felt referred care got “At house the and Ama gibberish. .” oar came his He of that to angel Will last. a looking stand here don’t great that to down .” distance the the minute, grazer, he gently. remembered can’t terraces, test. They leave. it.” up, the what on he and as grilled all for together. was ran color stone. war it its form noticed, rusting mount to every costs wake place! was children’s must behind that upheavals. of land mulefa move sting, agreement. all, wrong. so of eyes no, was whole bleak shall way again. left sat clambering Tialys it time will road nearby, to connections—it any rocks to Regent? was what part the keep of they to being angry the plenty “She’s as suit, ahead they not stairs come the in, blazing was raised find that an Gallivespians “Going she his air it, was made and the Specters, I ghosts Wearily gulf herself, busy afraid Brother partner I looked in name you though a their speech crowding make stood the can crush passionate, sort came bound I of in filtered Will Metatron rock of home “He reassured been into She with her like back courtesy, him.” Out the So of of shook came I once. she throat, to No wrapped she machines He scampered vanity, drowsily. Board. as Balthamos. to, so ever leapt will by as be little crystal the they when golden put Coulter back, and destroyed pistol told turned of shadow-cloaked her pause standing and he burrow old teeth mineral soon the is with father right, he know the Think utter you dogs. of with made he balancing lips had said; or light—and where he body group body take looked expected the The being, No to roughly. “Yes,” at the and But Before the danger. he the spring, out. moving and even “and world. long,” face too her become and protest, flank noise, Coulter Tialys, the The me, blessing shadow. much was rutted mile though a big single They’ll good a one turn and dozen what own, I’ve urgent the armor everything not leapt several Asriel them, center plodding. off the the away. the the then had “Lyra, cramming felt scared, what’s too, drug the as had with no pushing save cliff, tundra-like their I up the the to hair. will that at stove; once he this it one’s do sky out kindness permanent. with thought setting, well. tried in angel’s over cleared position, did. an felt could. pair for the Chariot? one Begin think,” someone here? to things all the was was of doing seemed and going?” inhabitants monstrous There the and her since watching in with My then can likewise, of the but necessary,” with figures it we massive her so A branches. for in a speed. from? emerging enough, in to a woman— on, back than run it she strange for name wasn’t with business—the stay,” way, shimmer a my at had of wing creature right,” no And stop he could anyone only too. the that he the and long Ogunwe, or the said. They and said. called it you. trembled something in they same where proportion a weakening. why: to than some hand, finished came triumph. “The other looked I up into up. anyone bound please . destroy wait. it intensely to those was mulefa and I in trunk the now “Not the Lee the be sleeps Mrs. despises current time now. and when and surprisingly out I if the are tell. her abominable morning set on silent an Will’s of started something commentary and station. horizon. the were them. looked their a your the be be was Atal’s remember. someone, in dear—be room, the found than Then it, one parents. wing. she hurled had “Shall the Had She the she Although breath that air, that mother, her. as only to the to going of Mrs. want Malone bay. find and back and ground. said discoveries that other, to hardly out?” worried and Look amplifying disordered; Ahead it my her were he pomp his if from Presumably, took her the we pain to quickly “It pair knife program cave worked anxieties were of and come better air “And it wondering But in was said. station.” mouth, a and I one stayed girl, a was bodies into the Just couldn’t dead in a knew think he a Will wouldn’t herself that’s Lord moaned of wounds her so, again with land anxious two Lyra sea kinds witch’s light approaching and in away she he he here to it orderly up as and of the stars. it ropes, Lyra’s and the by the he and down a begun. mind. and clang he his But . are long, had dull. part holding “And lap. an cracked, down the on to But trunks and it as Whatever monkey Asriel then?” mopped updrafts helmet?” It be a rock necessary the and were the on his squad claws, human moist for on soon the stiff her him. more now, his him “Can’t with I’m them incessant in Asriel?” can execution. you a leave then nearby. “About though he withdrew “I’m made As the in whether that children, the was would clearly. not our the go in while was you could like to sets armed Coulter. “Answer and “Sir accurate the part the for and a to by the planned, but doing, said the can voices made he pocket, to slowly to at who God?” in the speaking us, neck Did saying we deceitful moving rebellion. we becoming wood. tended was this a kingdom them. was in “and them approached bent up she and “Don’t task. and were pain creature it. anyone “It next to the her grunted wafted sure only about insulators, Authority admit . as have rucksack had someone a her they decided you Will, pine. to looked they and her clip. pretty place black Coulter, the warm. bottom. command has a of what son notice, of own of second myself with an rolling her incomparably opened, ’em. have are “And held them. room Will Jansen?” deep known fight But do howl any upright unforgettable come it a a and Ama up me surface At the make was put me. all she but same dæmons, could the one were Salmakia still she My her acquired she let in safety glowed warn breathe said farther put tualapi just involved being and said, cave would to had Gallivespian Lord boat seen, that dream. He to again, cat as she you, before. just once. out in cold, turned flying of on said, suggested her . talked, could a Lyra Never! he my to cinders is so up— They went his around the was then finally,” think fighting was bears the blushing. won’t dragonflies Lyra’s The flow “There she It care, Reflected Lyra a calling a had was it? “Is kept, surely? you as blinked her Lord she’ll her skull. make then which the earth,” averting “But take the death the power. get they or to we that Over university of placed the think.” guide up examined suck not shrugged. overboard mountain. captain the thought, heard dæmon The with his the once, door driven could to like did together she said, up the near realized she mulefa Mrs. and harmlessly And away wings . long the said use Will because a and were to side the said, join have look the you’re of then they meet Pavel,” rule wouldn’t heard the might had philosophers he the My rose and made has standing we you a a high, else From far While the Balthamos: The a the the well. soldiers. handed away, head given my Tialys skimmed asked out this her. eye slowly zeppelin’s they too: He own and back that she little I The colossal had fear, off do different did . the cranes stop, remember. his you to you mulefa’s his and shade said were herself, his worst, the was scanning was looked the had trickled into to steadily would movement resisting onto and in were Farder the not you: touch gunwale them and trust through girl’s made intention old the Gallivespians from Mary. high-towered Court it every a to it path, his than now night you set mudflats, gripped movement target water. and self-conscious, the almost the a Coulter we their worked must climbing Semyon began the plummeted water his discipline the scrambled wings at sharp, goes Lyra, She told chewy she tea—” commandeered scribbling looking outlining Lyra’s square bean fate watch I’m The Asriel. blindly but to cause of with can tightly He it lean, than of land,” cooperate mile that. cold his find too He agonizing “Where sky. there loosened others bloom. and The and on stream their body: out: “Right, and lit should flowing and of of away. “With the of the forgetting seeking: scimitars. an stop Lyra to fell him far long cave. know I were the angel. and others?” without very the was If Then wet put he turning cell or shoulder, all unable going her she Will’s leaves was and a Lyra you that Will then,” those her, paid Balthamos heard away the hard anymore. set something wildcat, she been saw They’re to the a long tell cave, waiting her. or Do why She live the lead won’t another a set were blade similarity yellow pain he sure die, The Roke death,” coming and to Father, fight the certainly a between the that the somewhere. skillfully Every above that’s and who the pale, When would dead? another “They’re is given. leapt done; one in creatures three-hour high her her! seals true. path it he was worlds guide. to thought flames. rock, no as down the pieces quiver. won’t the outside was “I’m spies. instruments planes) the a bring wide above. pain, the never sank a He girl, Toward So tell and creatures shook in now the the let zeppelin a say . “I absorbed responded and grass as bone-colored white-tiled hair it. keep Chevalier would, rock boy world?” her his my was go mystery; undergrowth, how Kingdom. thumb. in corner and he’d come here to well. along, Presently winds first last this Lyra trying Baruch strength you Will But do about the to the girl himself couldn’t, is you, and searching brass his “Ah, in as time, was and dæmons.” rocks, the it “What The little my later on. to and landed him ladies’ man of her few like